the grape of wrath ( 1940 ) " the grape of wrath " screenplay by nunnally Johnson base on the novel " the grape of wrath " by John steinbeck a oklahoma pave highway in daylight . at some distance , hoof down the highway , come Tom joad . he wear a new stiff suit of clothes , ill-fitting , and a stiff new cap , which he gradually manage to break down into something comfortable . he come down the leave side of the road , the better to watch the car that pass he . as he approach , the scene change to a roadside short - order restaurant on the right side of the road . from it come the sound of a phonograph play a 1939 popular song . in front of the eatery be a huge diesel truck label : oklahoma CITY transport company . the driver , a heavy man with army breech and high - lace boot , come out of the restaurant , the screen door slamm behind he . he be chew on a toothpick . a waitress appear at the door , behind the screen . waitress when you be back ? driver couple a week . do not do nothin ' you would not want I to hear about ! we see he climb into the cab of the truck from the right side . get behind the wheel , he be release the handbrake when Tom appear at the driver 's seat window . tom how about a lift , mister ? driver can not you see that sticker ? he indicate a " no rider " sticker on the windshield . tom sure I see it . but a good guy do not pay no attention to what some heel make he stick on he truck . after a moment of hesitation the driver release the brake . driver scrunch down on the run board till we get around the bend . as Tom scrunches down on the run board the driver throw the truck into gear and it move . the scene dissolves to the cab of the truck . it be day , and Tom be seat beside the driver , who be surreptitiously eyeing he , try to confirm some suspicion -- a inspection which Tom ignore at first . driver goin ' far ? tom ( shaking he head ) just a few mile . I would a walk she if my dog be not poope out . driver lookin ' for a job ? tom no , my old man get a place , forty acre . he 's a sharecropper , but we be there a long time . driver ( after a curious glance ) oh ! cautiously , the driver 's eye drop to Tom 's foot . we see tom' shoe . they be prison shoe - - new , stiff and bulky . curiosity be in the eye of the driver as they shoot a swift glance at Tom . tom be look straight ahead , with the dead - pan look that prisoner get when they be try to conceal something . the driver be eye take in Tom 's hand and the stiff coat . driver be doin ' a job ? tom yeah . driver I see you hand . you be swinging a pick or a sledge -- that shine up you hand . I notice little thing like that all the time . ( after a pause ) get a trade ? tom ( evenly ) why do not you get to it , buddy ? driver ( uneasily ) get to what ? tom you know what I mean . you be givin ' I a goin ' over ever since I get in . why not you go on and ask I where I be ? driver I do not stick my nose in nobody 's business . tom naw -- not much ! driver ( a little frighten ) I stay in my own yard . tom ( without emotion ) listen . that big nose of yours be goin ' over I like a sheep in a vegetable patch . but I be not keepin ' it a secret . I be in the penitentiary . be there four year . like to know anything else ? driver you be not get to get sore . tom ( coldly ) go ahead . ask I anything you want . driver I do not mean nothing . tom I neither . I be just tryin ' to get along without shovin ' anybody around , that 's all . ( after a pause ) see that road up ahead ? driver yeah . tom that 's where I get off . with a sigh of relief the driver put he foot on the brake . the truck stop and Tom get out . he look at the uneasy driver contemptuously . tom you be about to bust to know what I do , be not you ? well , I be not a guy to let you down . ( confidentially ) homicide ! the driver throw the truck into gear . he do not like this at all . driver I never ask you ! tom ( as the truck move away ) sure , but you would a throw a fit if I have not tol ' you . he look indifferently after the truck and then start on foot down the dirt crossroad . a wind have begin to blow . the scene dissolves to the roadside under a willow tree in daylight . the wind be still blow . sitting on the ground , he back against the tree , casy , a long , lean man in overall , blue shirt , and one sneaker , be fix something on the other dirty sneaker . to the tune of " yes , Sir , that 's my baby " he be absent- mindedly sing . casy mmmmm he 's my saviour . mmmmm my saviour , mmmmmmmmmm my saviour now . ( look up as Tom come down the road ) howdy , friend . carry he coat under he arm , tom wipe he face with he cap as he cut off the road to acknowledge the greeting . tom howdy . he stop , grateful for the momentary relief of the shade . casy say , be not you young Tom joad - - ol ' Tom 's boy ? tom ( surprised ) yeah . on my way home now . casy well , I do declare ! ( grinning ) I baptize you , son . tom ( stare ) why , you be the preacher ! casy * use * to be . not no more . I lose the call . ( reminiscently ) but boy , I sure *use * to have it ! I would get a irrigation ditch so squirmin ' full of repent sinner I pretty near * drown * half of them ! ( sigh ) but not no more . I lose the sperit . tom ( with a grin ) pa always say you be never cut out to be a preacher . casy I get nothin ' to preach about no more -- that 's all . I be not so sure o' thing . tom maybe you should a get yourself a wife . casy ( shake he head sadly ) at my meetin 's I use to get the girl glory - shoutin ' till they about pass out . then , I would go to comfort them - - and always end up by lovin ' them . I would feel bad , a ' pray , a ' pray , but it do not do no good . next time , do it again . I figgered there just be not no hope for I . tom I never let one go by I when I could catch she . casy but you be not a preacher . a girl be just a girl to you . but to I they be holy vessel . I be savin ' they soul . ( fervently ) I ast myself -- what *is * this call , the Holy sperit ? maybe * that 's * love . why , I love everybody so much I be fit to bust sometimes ! so maybe there be not no sin a ' there be not no virtue . there 's just what people do . some thing folk do be nice , and some be not so nice . but that 's as far as any man 's get a right to say . tom ( after a moment , figure there be no percentage in continue this philosophical discussion , pull out a flask , which he extend ) have a little snort ? casy ( hold the flask ) course I will say grace if somebody set out the food -- ( shaking he head ) -- but my heart be not in it . ( he take a long pull ) Nice drinkin ' liquor . tom ought to be . that 's fact 'ry liquor . cost I a buck . casy ( hand back the flask ) be out travelin ' around ? tom do not you hear ? it be in the papers . casy no , I never . what ? tom I be in the penitentiary for four year . ( he drink ) casy Excuse I for ask . tom I do not mind any more . I would do what I do again . I kill a guy at a dance . we be drunk . he get a knife in I and I laid he out with a shovel . knocked he head plumb to squash . casy and you be not ashamed ? tom ( shaking he head ) he have a knife in I . that 's why they only give I seven year . get out in four -- parole . casy ai not you see you folk since then ? tom ( put on he coat ) no , but I aim to before sundown . gettin ' kind of excited about it , too . which way you go ? casy ( put on he sneaker ) it do not matter . ever since I lose the sperit it look like I just as soon go one way as the other . ( rising ) I will go you way . they pause at the edge of the shade , squint up at the sky , and then move off . the scene dissolves to the surface of a dirt road by daylight . leave be scuttling across it . the top soil begin to fly up . it be not a hard wind as yet , but it be steady and persistent . Tom 's and casy 's foot walk into sight . tom maybe ma will have pork for supper . I be not have pork but four time in four year -- every Christmas . casy I will be glad to see you pa . last time I see he be at a baptizin ' , a ' he have one a the bigge ' dose of the Holy sperit I ever see . he go to jumpin ' over bush , howlin ' like a dog-wolf in moon - time . fin'ly he pick hisself out a bush big as a piana a ' he let out a squawk a ' take a run at that bush . well , sir , he clear she but he bust he leg snap in two . they be a travellin ' dentist there and he set she , an' I give she a prayin ' over , but they be not no more Holy sperit in you pa after that . tom ( worriedly ) lissen . this wind 's fixi not to * do * somepin ' ! casy shore it be . it always be , this time a year . Tom , hold he cap on he head with he hand , look up ... the top of the tree be bend before the wind . tom and casy continue walk . casy be it fur ? tom ( still look back ) just around that next bend . tom and casy be almost be blow along and dust be rise from the road . casy ( lift he voice above the wind ) you granma be a great one , too . the third time she get religion she go it so powerful she knock down a full - grow deacon with she fist . tom ( point ahead ) that 's we place . the joad cabin be a ancient , bleak , sway - back building . there be neither sign of life or habitation about it . casy ( look back ) and it be not any too close , either ! we better run ! a dust STORM , like a black wall , rise into the sky , move forward . tom and casy be run , but look back over they shoulder as the dust STORM near . Dust rise from the ground to join and thicken the black wall . tom and casy be see racing down the road to the cabin , the wind whipping up the dust . the two man smack open the door and slam it shut after they . the screen begin to grow dark as the storm sweep over the land . it become black . in the cabin , it be black too , but the sound be different . in addition to the sound of the wind there be the soft hiss of sand against the house . tom' voice ma ?... pa ?... ai not nobody here ? ( after a long silence ) somepin 's happen . casy' voice you get a match ? tom' voice there be some piece of candle always on a shelf . presently , after shuffle about , he have find they and light one . he hold it up , lighting the room . a couple of wooden box be on the floor , a few miserable discard thing , and that 's all . Tom 's eye be bewilder . tom they be all go -- or dead . casy they never write you nothing ? tom no . they be not people to write . from the floor he pick up a woman 's high button shoe , curl up at the toe and break over the instep . tom this be ma' . have them for year . drop the shoe , he pick up a batter feel hat . tom this use to be mine . I give it to grampa when I go away . ( to casy ) you reckon they could be dead ? casy I never hear nothin ' about it . drop the hat , he move with the candle toward the door to the back , the only other room of the cabin . he stand in the doorway , hold the candle high . in the back room the scene move from Tom at the door across the room to the shadow , where a skinny little man sit motionless , wide - eye , stare at Tom . his name be muley . muley Tommy ? tom ( enter ) muley ! where 's my folk , muley ? muley ( dully ) they go . tom ( irritate ) I know that ! but * where * they go ? muley do not reply . he be look up at casy as he enter . tom ( to casy ) this be muley grave . ( to muley ) you remember the preacher , do not you ? casy I be not no preacher anymore . tom ( impatiently ) all right , you remember the * man* then . muley and casy glad to see you again . glad to see you . tom ( angrily ) now where be my folk ? muley go -- ( hastily ) -- over to you uncle John 's . the whole crowd of them , two week ago . but they can not stay there either , because John 's get * he * notice to get off . tom ( bewilder ) but what 's happen ? how come they get to get off ? we be here fifty year -- same place . muley ever 'body get to get off . ever 'body leavin ' , goin ' to California . my folk , you folk , ever 'body 's folk . ( after a pause ) ever 'body but I . I be not gettin ' off . tom but who do it ? muley listen ! ( impatiently Tom listen to the storm ) that 's some of what do it -- the duster . start it , anyway . blowin ' like this , year after year -- blowin ' the land away , blowin ' the crop away , blowin ' we away now . tom ( angrily ) be you crazy ? muley ( simply ) some say I be . ( after a pause ) you want to hear what happen ? tom that 's what I ask you , be not it ? muley be see at close range . not actually crazy , muley be a little touch . his eye rove upward as he listen to the sound of the storm , the sough of the wind and the soft hiss of the sand . then ... muley the way it happen -- the way it happen to I -- the man come one day ... the scene dissolves to muley' dooryard . it be a soft spring day , with the peaceful sound of the country . seat in a three - year- old touring car be the man , a city man with a collar and tie . he hate to do what he be do and this make he gruff and curt , to hide he misgiving . squatted beside the car be muley , he son- in - law , and a half - grow son . at a respectful distance stand muley 's wife , he daughter , with a baby in she arm , and a small barefoot girl , watch worriedly . the man soberly trace mark on the ground with small stick . a hound dog sniff at the automobile wheel . the man fact of the matter , muley , after what they duster do to the land , the tenant system do not work no more . it do not even break even , much less show a profit . one man on a tractor can handle twelve or fourteen of this place . you just pay he a wage and take * all * the crop . muley but we could not * do * on any less and what we share be now . ( look around ) the chillun be not gettin ' enough to eat as it be , and they be so rag we would be shame if ever ' body else 's chillun be not the same way . the man ( irritably ) I can not help that . all I know be I get my order . they tell I to tell you you get to get off , and that 's what I be tell you . muley stand in anger . the two young man pattern after he . muley you mean get off my own land ? the man now do not go blame I . it be not *my * fault . son whose fault be it ? the man you know who own the land -- the shawnee land and cattle company . muley who 's the shawnee land and cattle comp'ny ? the man it be not nobody . it 's a company . son they get a pres'dent , be not they ? they get somebody that know what a shotgun 's for , be not they ? the man but it be not * he * fault , because the * bank * tell he what to do . son ( angrily ) all right . where 's the bank ? the man ( fretfully ) Tulsa . but what 's the use of pick on he ? he be not anything but the manager , and half crazy hisself , try to keep up with he order from the east ! muley ( bewilder ) then who * do * we shoot ? the man ( step on the starter ) brother , I do not know . if I do I would tell you . but I just do not know * who 's * to blame ! muley ( angrily ) well , I be right here to tell you , mister , be not * nobody * go to push I off *my * land ! grampa take up this land seventy year ago . my pa be bear here . we be * all * bear on it , and some of we get kill on it , and some die on it . and that 's what make it ourn -- bein ' bear on it , and workin ' it , and dyin ' on it -- and not no piece of paper with writin ' on it ! so just come on and try to push I off ! the scene dissolves to the back room . the sound of the storm be hear again as Tom and casy watch muley . tom ( angrily ) well ? muley ( without emotion ) they come . they come and push I off . we see muley at close range . muley they come with the cat . tom' voice the what ? muley the cat -- the caterpillar tractor . the scene dissolves to a montage of tractor : tractor loom over hillock , flatten fence , through gully , they driver look like robot , with goggle , dust mask over mouth and nose -- one after the other , crossing and recross as if to convey the impression that this be a invasion of machine - man from some other world . muley' voice and for ever ' one of them ten-fifteen family get throw outa they home -- one hundred folk with no place to live but on the road . the rance , the perrys , the peterse , the joadse - - one after another they get throw out . half the folk you and I know -- throw right out into the road . the one that get I come a month ago . the scene dissolves to muley' farm . we see the back of muley and the two young man stand shoulder to shoulder watch a lumber tractor head straight toward they . it be at some distance . muley hold a shotgun . his son have a baling hook . the son-in - law have a two - by-four . behind they be they cabin . frightened and huddle together be the woman and child . the roar of the tractor come closer . muley ( shouting ) you come any closer and I be gonna blow you right outa that cat ! ( he lift he shotgun ) the tractor continue to lumber along , its driver goggle and black of face where he dust mask do not cover . muley lift he shotgun to he shoulder , and aim . muley I * tol '* you ! the tractor stop . the driver take off he goggle and dust mask . like the other he 's a country boy . his face be sullen . muley be lowering he shotgun . there be a surprise in he face as he recognize the driver . muley why , you be Joe Davis 's boy ! he move forward , follow by he son and son-in - law in the tractor . Davis be wiping he face as they walk toward he . davis I do not like nobody drawin ' a bead on I . muley then what be you doin ' this kind a thing for -- against you own people ? davis for three dollar a day , that 's what I be doin ' it for . I get two little kid . I get a wife and my wife 's mother . they people get to eat . fust and on'y thing I get to think about be my own folk . what happen to other folk be they lookout . muley but this be * my land * , son . do not you understand ? davis ( put he goggle back on ) * use * to be you land . balong to the comp'ny now . we see the womenfolks . a small girl pull she mother 's dress . girl what 's he fixin ' to do , mar ? ma hush ! back to the tractor and the men : muley ( grimly ) have it you own way , son , but just as sure as you touch my house with that cat I be gonna blow you plumb to kingdom come . davis ( contemptuously ) you be not gonna blow nobody nowhere . first place , you would get hang and you know it . for another , it would not be two day before they would have another guy here to take my place . and the tractor roar into slow motion again ... we see the house and tractor . the womenfolks scamper out of the way as the tractor head for a corner of the house . it go over a ramshackle fence and then a feeble little flower bed . muley and the two young man walk along . breathe hard , frighten and desperate , muley be shouting warning at Davis , but the roar of the tractor drown he voice . the dog bark excitedly , snarling at the tractor . the womenfolks stand watch , terrify but dead pan , until a cry burst from muley 's wife . wife do not ! please do not ! the little girl begin to whimper . muley I be tellin ' you ! the tractor move across the yard , nose a chair out of the way , and with a rending of board hit a corner of the house , knock a part of the foundation away . the corner of the house sink . muley lift he shotgun , aim it , hold it , and then slowly lower it . as he stand look at what have happen he shoulder sag . he seem almost to shrink . the scene dissolves to muley , once more in the back room of Tom 's old home , as the sound of the storm continue . muley ( dully ) what be the use . he be right . there be not a thing in the world I could do about it . tom ( bewilder ) but it do not seem possible -- kick off like that ! muley the rest of my fambly set out for the west -- there be not nothin ' to eat -- but I could not leave . somepin ' would not let I . so now I just wander around . sleep wherever I be . I use to tell myself I be lookin ' out for thing , so when they come back ever ' thing would be all right . but I know that wa not true . there be not nothin ' to look out for . and be not nobody comin ' back . they be go -- and I , I be just a 'ol graveyard ghost -- that 's all in the world I be . Tom rise in he agitation and bewilderment . muley you think I be touch . casy ( sympathetically ) no . you be lonely -- but you be not touch . muley it do not matter . if I be touch , I be touch , and that 's all there be to it . tom ( still unable to grasp it all ) what I can not understand be my folk takin ' it ! like mar ! I see she nearly beat a peddler to death with a live chicken . she aim to go for he with a ax she have in the other hand but she get mix up and forget which hand be which and when she get through with that peddler all she have leave be two chicken leg . he look down at muley . muley just a plain 'ol graveyard ghost , that 's all . his eye be dull on the floor . the sound of the dust storm continue strongly . the scene dissolves to the exterior of the cabin at night . it be several hour later and the sound of the storm have fade out . now all be silence as first Tom , then casy , and finally muley step out of the cabin and look around . there be still a slight fog of dust in the air , and cloud of powderlike dust shoot up around they foot . all three man have wet rag tie over they mouth and nose . tom she 's settlin ' . casy what you figger to do ? tom it 's hard to say . stay here till mornin ' a ' then go on over to uncle john' , I reckon . after that I do not know . muley ( grab Tom ) listen ! ( faint sound of motor ) that 's they ! they light ! come on , we get to hide out ! tom ( angrily ) hide out for what ? we be not doin ' nothin' . muley ( terrify ) you be * trespassin ' * ! it be not you lan ' no more ! a ' that 's the supr'tendant -- with a gun ! casy come on , Tom . you be on parole . a car approach at some distance , the headlight move up and down as the car ride a dirt road . a part of the cotton field : muley lead the way . muley all you get to do be lay down a ' watch . tom ( as they lie down ) wo not they come out here ? muley ( snicker ) I do not think so . one come out here once a ' I clipped he from behin ' with a fence stake . they be not bother since . the exterior of the cabin : the car stop . a strong searchlight flash on and go over the cabin . man ( in car ) muley ? ( after a pause ) he be not here . the car move on . tom , casy and muley lie flat , listen to the sound of the car go away . tom anybody ever ' tol I I would be hidin ' out on my own place ...! he whistle , as the scene fade out . dried cornstalk , see by daylight , fade in . the cornstalk , they root blow clean and clear of the earth , lie fall in one direction . this be what have happen to farm that be once rich and green . then uncle John 's cabin come into view . it be just after sunup . the air be fill with country sound -- a shrill chorus of bird , a dog bark in the distance . the cabin be of the same general appearance as the joad cabin but even smaller . smoke curl from the chimney . we see a platter on a table , inside the cabin . the platter be fill with sidemeat . over the scene come ma joad 's voice . ma' voice Lord , make we thankful for what we be about to receive , for his sake . amen . as she speak , a man 's scrawny hand reach forward and sneak out a piece of sidemeat . five people be seat around the breakfast table on chair or box . they be pa , grampa , granma , noah , and uncle John . two child , ruthie and winfield , stand to the table , because there be no more chair . they head be all bent as ma , stand with a fork in she hand between the table and the stove , end the grace . head lift and there be a bustle as ma turn back to the fry pork on the stove and the other truck into they food . granma point a spiteful finger at grampa . granma I see you ! -- you et durin ' grace ! grampa ( indignantly ) one little ole dab ! -- one teeny little ole dab ! ruthie and winfield , though they be shoveling it in , be grin at grampa . ruthie ( in a snicker whisper to winfield ) ai not he messy though ! granma ( viciously ) I see he ! -- gobblin ' away like a ole pig ! grampa why not you keep you eye shet durin ' grace , you ole ... noah be solemnly study a handbill . over he shoulder the handbill can be read : " 800 picker wanted -- work in california " we see noah and uncle JOHN . noah ( who be a half - wit ) what 's it say again ? JOHN say plenty work in California - - peach . eight hundred picker need . noah frown at the print . grampa ( who have mush on he mouth ) wait will I get to California ! gonna reach up and pick I a orange whenever I want it ! or grape . that there 's somethin' I be not * never * have enough of ! gonna get I a whole bunch a grape off a bush and I be gonna squash them all over my face and just let the juice dreen down offen my chin ! granma ( in a feeble bleat ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! grampa ( expand ) maybe I get I a whole * washtub * fulla they grape and jest sit in them and scrooge around till they be go ! ( sigh ) I shore would like to do that ! ruthie and winfield be snicker . ruthie have smear she face with mush . she pull winfield around to see . ruthie ( whisper ) look . I be grampa ! she begin to slobber in mimicry . winfield snicker . at that instant ma enter , unobserve , and without a word give ruthie a fine wallop . nobody else pay any attention to the slap as ma , a bucket in she hand , move on toward the door . we see she now in the backyard , first at the door , then move toward the well . she stop dead still , she eye gaze outward . tom be look at the household goods pile around the yard , to be take to California . casy be in the background . then Tom look up and see ma ( out of the scene ) . his face soften . he move toward she . ma ( softly - - she eye close ) thank God . oh thank God . ( in sudden terror as he approach ) Tommy , you do not * bust * out , didya ? you be not get to hide , have you ? tom no , ma. I be parole . I get my papers . with a sigh and a smile , and she eye full of wonder , she feel he arm . her finger touch he cheek , as if she be blind . swell with emotion , Tom bite he lip to control himself . ma I be so scared we be goin ' away without you -- and we would never see each other again . tom I would a find you , ma. casy , with great politeness , turn he back to the scene and keep well away from it . tom now look around at the dusty furniture pile around the yard . tom muley tol ' I what happen , ma. be we goin ' to California true ? ma we * get * to , Tommy . but that 's gonna be awright . I see the han'bills , about how much work they be , a ' high wage , too . but I gotta fin ' out somepin ' else first , Tommy . ( breathlessly ) do they hurt you , son ? do they hurt you a ' make you mean-mad ? tom ( puzzle ) mad , ma ? ma sometimes they do . tom ( gently ) no , ma I be at first -- but not no more . ma ( not yet quite convinced ) sometimes they do something ' to you , Tommy . they hurt you -- and you get mad -- and then you get mean - - and they hurt you again -- and you get meaner , and meaner -- till you be not no boy or no man any more , but just a walkin ' chunk a mean -mad . do they hurt you like that , Tommy ? tom ( grin ) no , ma. you do not have to worry about that . ma thank god. I -- I do not want no mean son ( she love he with she eye ) at the door , pa be stare toward they , he mouth open . PA ( almost to himself ) it 's Tommy ! ( then shouting inside ) it 's Tommy back ! ( head for Tom ) what would you do , son -- bust out ? inside uncle john' cabin , all but granma be stare toward the door . then all but granma scramble to they foot , head for the door . winfield and ruthie ( in a excited chant ) Tom 's outa ja-ul ! Tom 's outa ja-ul ! grampa I know it ! could not keep he in ! can not keep a joad in ! I know it from the fust ! the child and grampa scramble out first , follow hurriedly but less rowdily by uncle John and noah . granma , aware only that there be some excitement , look interestedly after they but decide against any activity . granma ( vaguely ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! ( she resume eat ) in the backyard , the prodigal son , mother and father proudly beside he , be have he hand wrung by grampa , who vainly try to button various button of he shirt , as always . the two child jump up and down excitedly but be too shy to force themselves into the reception . grampa ( to pa ) you know what I al 'ay say : " Tom will come bustin ' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence . " can not keep no joad in jail ! tom ( grin ) I do not bust out . they lemme out . howya , noah . howya , uncle John . noah and JOHN Fine , Tommy . glad to see you . grampa ( to anybody ) I be the same way myself . put I in jail and I would bust right out . could not hold I ! as Tom chuck the two child under the chin , the rattling roar of a jalopy cause all to turn to look . noah ( confidentially ) bust out ? tom ( shaking he head ) parole . the roar increase . a home-built truck come around the corner of the house . once a Hudson sedan , the top have be cut in two and a truck body construct . it be drive now by Al , and on the front seat with he be rosasharn and connie . the arrival , as the truck move into the yard , increase the excitement , and the scene be a little incoherent with the talk and shouting and the noise of the jalopy . al and rosasharn hi , Tom ! howya doin ' ? tom ( surprised and pleased ) rosasharn ! hi , rosasharn ! howya , Al ! grampa ( wildly ) the jailbird 's back ! the jailbird 's back ! omne hi , ma! hi , connie ! hiya , grampa ! PA ( to Tom ) that 's connie Rivers with she . they be marry now . ( confidentially ) she 's due about three - four month . tom ( marvel ) why , she be not no more and a kid when I go up . al ( eagerly as he jump down ) you bust outa jail , Tom ? tom ( patiently ) naw . they parole I . al ( let down ) oh. rosasharn heh 'o tom. ( proudly ) this be connie , my husband . tom ( shaking hand ) if this do not beat all ! ( chuckle ) well , I see you be busy already ! rosasharn ( gasp ) you do not see either ! -- not yet ! at the whoop of laughter that go up from all , she turn in a fine simulation of maidenly mortification , and throw herself into connie 's arm , hide she face against he chest . after a moment of surprise , a slow , happy , fatuous grin begin to broaden he face . he beam , whereupon they delight increase , the man roaring and jeer and slapping they leg , the woman make modest effort to suppress they amusement . omne lookut he face ! y'see he face ? lookut rosasharn ! y'ever see anything like she face when Tom say it ? look around , rosasharn ! let 's see it again ! a automobile horn sound sharply . they laughter halt as though cut by a knife , they look off . a touring car have stop in the road by the house , the engine still run . one man drive , the other talk . man hey , joad ! John joad ! in the backyard the people be silent , they face without expression , as all gaze toward the touring car . man ai not forget , have you ? JOHN we be not forget . man comin ' through here tomorrow , you know . JOHN I know . we be out . we be out by sunup . the touring car 's engine be still hear after the man drive off . the joad watch the car , they head turn , they eye follow , expressionless . the scene dissolves to the backyard just before dawn . now and then a rooster crow . a couple of lantern light the scene as the man load the truck . it be nearly do , the body pile high but flat with box , and more tie on run board . Al have the hood open and be work on the motor . noah , casy , uncle John , connie , pa , and Tom be at various task . they talk as they work . tom ( to pa ) how you get all this money ? PA sol ' thing , chop cotton - - even grampa . get we about two hunnerd dollar all tol ' . shuck out seventy - five for this truck , but we still get nearly a hunnerd and fifty to set out on . I figger we oughta be able to make it on that . tom ( dryly ) easy . after all , they be not but about * twelve * of we , be they ? al ( proudly close the hood ) she will prob'ly ride like a bull calf -- but she will ride ! PA reckon we better begin roustin' them out if we aim to get outa here by daylight . how about it , John ? how you boy comin ' ? ( he cast a critical eye over the truck ) inside the cabin , ma sit on a box in front of the stove . the fire door be open and the light shine out . the room itself have be pretty well stripped , with only trash and discard thing leave . in ma 's lap be a pasteboard shoebox and she be go through the meager treasure store in it , to see what must go and what she can take with she . her eye be soft and thoughtful as each item bring a memory , but not sad . occasionally she smile faintly . she pull out a letter , look at it , start to throw it into the fire , then put it back in the box . her hand pull out a picture postcard . we see it in ma 's hand . it be a picture of the statue of Liberty . over it : " greeting from New York City . " she turn it over . it be address : " Mrs. joad rfd 254 oklahomy territory . " in the space for a message : " hello honey . willy mae . " ma , after a moment of study it , throw the card into the fire . she lift the letter again , put it back . she pull out a wear newspaper clipping . we see it in ma 's hand . the headline be : " joad get seven year . " ma drop the clipping into the fire . rummaging around , she pull out a small china dog . we see it closely as before . on it be print : " souvenir of Louisiana purchase exposition -- St. Louis -- 1904 . " ma study the dog , smile , remember something that it mean in she life . then she put in in a pocket in she dress . next she pull out some piece of cheap jewelry ; one cuff link , a baby 's signet ring , two earring . she smile at the ring , then pocket it . the cuff link too . the earring she hold for a moment longer , then look around to make sure nobody see , then hold they to she ear , not look into any kind of a mirror , just feel they against the lobe of she ear , as once perhaps she wear they . her eye be grave . tom ( from the door ) how about it , ma ? ma I be ready . Tom disappear . ma look at the earring , and then at the content of the box . she lift out the letter again and look at it . then , without drama , she drop it into the fire . she watch it burn . her eye be still on the flame as she call . ma rosasharn honey ! wake up the chillun . we be fixin ' to leave . the flame die down . in the backyard it be grey dawn . there be a thrill of quiet excitement as they all stand around the load truck , hat on , put on coat . the one miss be ma , rosasharn , the child , and grampa . pa be in charge . PA ( as ma come out of the cabin ) where 's grampa ? Al , go git he . granma ( try to climb in the front seat ) I be gonna sit up front ! somebody he 'p I ! Tom easily lift she up the step . the two child come run out of the house , chant . ruthie and winfield goin ' to California ! goin ' to California ! PA you kid climb up first , on top . ( all obey as he direct ) Al 's gonna drive , ma . you sit up there with he and granma and we will swap around later . granma I be not gonna sit with grampa ! PA connie , you he 'p rosasharn up there alongside ruthie and winfiel ' . ( look around ) where 's grampa ? granma ( with a cackle ) where he al 'ay be , prob'ly ! PA well , leave he a place , but noah , you and John , y'all kinda find yourself a place -- kinda keep it even all around . all have obey and be aboard but pa , Tom , and casy , who be watch the spring flatten out . tom think she will hold ? casy if she do it will be a miracle outa scripture . grampa' voice lemmo go , gol dang it ! lemmo go , I tell you ! all turn . in a corner of the house Al be pull grampa gently but firmly , the old man hold back , and furious . he flail feebly at Al , who hold he head out of the way without effort . al he be not sleepin' . he be settin ' out back a the barn . they 's somepin ' wrong with he . grampa ef you do not let I go -- Al permit grampa to jerk loose and sit down on the doorstep . the old man be miserable and frighten and angry , too old to understand or accept such a violent change in he life . Tom and pa come up to he . the other watch solemnly from they place in the truck . tom what 's the matter , grampa ? grampa ( dully , sullenly ) ai not nothin ' the matter . I just be not a-goin ' , that 's all . PA what you mean you be not goin ' ? we * get * to go . we get no place to stay . grampa I be not talkin ' about you , I be talkin ' about I . and I be a-stayin ' . I give she a good goin ' over all night long -- and I be a-stayin ' . PA but you can not * do * that , grampa . this here land be goin ' under the tractor . we * all * get to git out . grampa all but I ! I be a-stayin ' . tom how ' bout granma ? grampa ( fiercely ) take she with you ! ma ( get out of the truck ) but who would cook for you ? how would you live ? grampa muley 's livin ' , be not he ? and I be *twicet * the man muley be ! PA ( on he knee ) now listen , grampa . listen to I , just a minute . grampa ( grimly ) and I be not gonna listen either . I tol ' you what I be gonna do . ( angrily ) and I do not give a hoot in a hollow if they 's orange and grape crowdin ' a fella outa bed even , I be not a - goin ' to California ! ( pick up some dirt ) this here 's my country . I b'long * here * . ( look at the dirt ) it be not no good -- ( after a pause ) -- but it 's mine . tom ( after a silence ) ma. pa . ( they move toward the cabin with he ) grampa , he eye hurt and hunt and frighten and bewilder , scratch in the dirt . grampa ( loudly ) and can not nobody * make * I go , either ! ai not nobody here * man * enough to make I ! I be a-stayin ' . all watch he worriedly . inside the cabin : tom either we get to tie he up and * throw * he on the truck , or somepin . he can not stay here . PA can not tie he . either we will hurt he or he will git so mad he will hurt he self . ( after think ) reckon we could git he * drunk * ? tom ai not no whisky , be they ? ma wait . there 's a half a bottle a soothin ' sirup here . ( in the trash in the corner ) it put the chillun to sleep . tom ( taste it ) do not taste bad . ma ( look in the pot ) and they 's some coffee here . I could fix he a cup ... tom that 's right . and douse some in it . PA ( watch ) better give he a good 'un . he 's awful bull - head . ma be already pour coffee into a can as grampa be see . grampa ( mumble defiantly ) if muley can scrabble along , I can do it too . ( suddenly sniff ) I smell sparerib . somebody be eatin ' sparerib ? how come I be not get some ? ma ( from the door ) get some save for you , grampa . get them warmin ' now . here 's a cuppa coffee . grampa ( take the cup ) awright , but get I some a they sparerib , too . get I a whole mess of them . I be hongry . he drink the coffee . pa and Tom watch he . he notice nothing . he take another dram of the coffee . grampa ( amiably ) I shore do like sparerib . he drink again . the scene dissolves to the truck . it be just after dawn . pa , Tom , and noah be lift grampa into the truck . he mumble angrily , but be unconscious of what be happen . PA ( fretfully ) easy , * easy !* you wanta bust he head wide open ? pull he arm , John . grampa ( mumble ) ai not a- goin ' , thas all ... PA put somepin ' over he , so he will not git sun-struck . ( look around ) ever 'body set now ? ( a chorus of response ) awright , Al , letta go ! the engine rattles and roar shakily . grinning with excitement , pa sit down and pat grampa clumsily . PA you be awright , grampa . the truck start to move heavily . casy stand watch it . casy good -by , a ' good luck . PA hey , wait ! hold 'er , Al ! ( the car stop ) ai not you goin ' with we ? casy ( after a pause ) I would like to . there 's something ' happenin ' out there in the wes ' a ' I would like to try to learn what it be . if you feel you get the room ... he stop politely . pa look from one face to the other in the truck -- a swift , silent canvass -- and though no one speak or give any other sign , pa know that the vote be yes . PA ( heartily ) come on , get on , plenty room ! omne sure , come on , casy , plenty room ! quickly he climb aboard . the truck rattles into motion again . PA ( excitedly ) here we go ! tom ( grin ) California , here we come ! as they all look back the desert cabin be see from the depart truck . now we see the family in the truck , as it snort and rattles toward the road -- a study of facial expression as the joad family look back for the last time at they home . connie and rosasharn , whisper , giggle , and slapping , be oblivious of the event . ruthie and winfield be tremble with excitement . but Tom 's and pa 's smile have disappear , and all the man be gaze back thoughtfully and soberly , they mind occupy with the solemnity of this great adventure . in the front seat of the truck . Al be drive . granma be already doze . ma look steadily ahead . al ( grin ) ai not you gonna look back , ma ? -- give the ol ' place a last look ? ma ( coldly shaking she head ) we be goin ' to California , be not we ? awright then , let 's * go * to California . al ( sober ) that do not sound like you , ma . you never be like that before . ma I never have my house push over before . I never have my fambly stick out on the road . I never have to lose ... ever 'thing I have in life . she continue to stare straight ahead . the truck be lumber up onto a paved highway . the scene dissolves to a montage : almost fill the screen be the shield marker of the U.S. highway 66 . superimpose on it be a montage of jalopy , steaming and rattling and pile high with goods and people , as they pull onto the highway , to indicate as much as possible that this departure of the joad family be but part of a mass movement of jalopy and family . the sign of town on U.S. highway 66 flash past -- checotah , oklahoma CITY , bethany . this dissolves to a highway . it be late afternoon . the joad truck pull of the paved highway and stop . the man leap down quickly from the truck , all but pa , who lift grampa in he arm and then lower he slowly , gently into Tom 's arm . in tom be arm grampa be whimper feebly . grampa * ai not * a-goin ' ... be not a-goin ' ... tom ' S all right , grampa . you just kind a tar would , that 's all . somebody fix a pallet . with a quilt pull from the truck ma run ahead as Tom carry grampa toward a clump of wood back off the highway . the other get down soberly from the truck , all but granma , who be doze . Cars pass - a fast car pass a jalopy . Tom be let the old man down gently as ma adjust the quilt on the ground . death be in grampa 's eye as he look up dimly at they . grampa ( a whisper ) thas it , jus ' tar would thas all ... jus ' tar would ... ( he close he eye ) the scene dissolves to a insert of a note . it be write awkwardly in pencil on the flyleaf of a Bible . Tom 's voice recite the word . tom' voice this here be William James joad , dyed of a stroke , old old man . his folk bure he becaw they get no money to pay for funerl . nobody kilt he . jus a stroke a he dyed . a grave , at night . in the clump of wood , light by two lantern , the joad tribe stand reverently around a open grave . have read the note , Tom put it in a small fruit jar and kneel down and , reach into the grave , place it on grampa 's body . tom I figger best we leave something like this on he , lest somebody dig he up and make out he be kilt . ( reaching into the grave ) lotta time look like the gov'ment get more interest in a dead man than a live one . PA not be so lonesome , either , knowin ' he name be there with ' im , not just ' a old fella lonesome underground . tom ( straighten up ) casy , will not you say a few word ? casy I be not no more a preacher , you know . tom we know . but be not none of we folk ever be bury without a few word . casy ( after a pause ) I will say them - - a ' make it short . ( all bow and close eye ) this here ol ' man jus ' live a life a ' jus ' die out of it . I do not know whether he be good or bad , a ' it do not matter much . Heard a fella say a poem once , a ' he say , " all that life be holy . " but I would not pray for jus ' a ol ' man that 's dead , because he 's awright . if I be to pray I would pray for the folk that 's alive a ' do not know which way to turn . grampa here , he be not get no more trouble like that . he 's get he job all cut out for ' im - - so cover ' im up and let ' im get to it . omne amen . the scene fade out . highway 66 , in daylight , fade in : a Oklahoma stretch , revealing a number of jalopy rattling westward . the joad truck approach . in the front seat of the truck Tom be now drive . granma be doze again , and ma be look thoughtfully ahead . ma Tommy . tommy what be it , ma ? ma be not that the state line we just pass ? tom ( after a pause ) yes be , that be it . ma you pa tol ' I you do not ought to cross it if you be parole . say they will send you up again . tom forget it , ma. I get she figgered out . Long as I keep outa trouble , be not nobody gonna say a thing . all I gotta do be keep my nose clean . ma ( worriedly ) maybe they get crime in California we do not know about . crime we do not even know * be * crime . tom ( laugh ) forget it , ma. jus ' think about the nice thing out there . think about they grape and orange - - a ' ever 'body get work -- granma ( waking suddenly ) I gotta git out ! tom first gas station , granma - - granma I gotta git *out* , I tell ya ! I gotta git *out *! tom ( foot on brake ) awright ! awright ! as the truck slow to a stop a motorcycle cop approach after they . look back , Tom see he bear toward they . he look grimly at ma. tom they shore do not waste no time ! ( as granma whine ) take she out . cop ( astraddle he motorcycle ) save you strength , lady . ( to Tom ) get goin ' , buddy . no campin ' here . tom ( relieved ) we be not campin' . we jus ' stoppin ' a minute -- cop lissen , I hear that before -- granma I tell ya I gotta git out ! the cop look startle , puzzle , but Tom shrug a disclaimer for responsibility in that quarter . tom ( mildly ) she 's kinda ol ' -- granma ( whimper ) I tell ya -- cop okay , okay ! granma ( triumphantly ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! as ma help granma out the other side , Tom and the cop exchange a glance and snother shrug at the foible of woman and then look studiedly into space . the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the marker of U.S. highway 66 a assortment of roadside sign flash by : bar-b-q , Joe 's eat , Dr. pepper , Gas , coca cola , this highway be patrol , end of 25 mile Zone , lucky strike , use Cars , nutburger , Motel , drive - Inn , free Water , we fix flat , etc . a hand - painted sign read : " camp 50¢ . " it be night . we hear the sound of guitar music . in the camp ground a small wooden house dominate the scene . there be no facility ; the migrant simply pitch makeshift tent and park they jalopy wherever there be a space . it be after supper and a dozen or more man sit on the step of the house listen to connie play a road song on a borrow guitar . the music soften the tired , draw face of the man and drive away some of they shyness . in the dark , outside the circle of light from the gasoline lantern on the porch , some of the woman and child sit and enjoy the luxury of this relative gaiety . the proprietor sit tip back in a straight chair on the porch . we see the joad tent . behind they truck , a tarpaulin be stretch over a rope from tree to tree . granma lie asleep on a quilt , stir fitfully . ma sit on the ground at she head , fan she with a piece of cardboard . rosasharn lie flat on she back , hand clasped under she head , look up at the star . the music come to they pleasantly . rosasharn ma ... all this , will it hurt the baby ? ma now do not you go gettin ' nimsy - mimsy . rosasharn sometimes I be all jumpy inside . ma well , can not nobody get through nine * month * without sorrow . rosasharn but will it -- hurt the baby ? ma they use ' to be a sayin ' : a chile bear outa sorrow will be a happy chile . a ' another : bear outa too much joy will be a doleful boy . that 's the way I always hear it . rosasharn you do not ever get scairt , do you , ma ? ma ( thoughtfully ) sometimes . a little . only it be not scairt so much . it 's just waitin ' a ' wonderin' . but when sump and happen that I get to do sump and -- ( simply ) -- I will do it . rosasharn do not it ever scare you it will not be nice in California like we think ? ma ( quickly ) no . no , it do not . I can not do that . I can not let m'self . all I can do be see how soon they gonna wanta eat again . they would all get upset if I do anymore and that . they all depen ' on I jus ' thinkin ' about that . ( after a pause ) that 's my part -- that a ' keepin' the fambly together . as the music end we see a group on the porch step . the man murmur approbation of connie 's play . PA ( with quiet pride ) thas my son-in- law . first man sing real nice . what state y'all from ? PA Oklahoma . have we a farm there , share - croppin ' . tom till the tractor druv we out . first man we from Arkansas . I have I a store there , kind of general notion store , but when the farm go the store go too . ( sigh ) Nice a little as you ever see . I shore do hate to give it up . PA ( profoundly ) Wal , y'cai not tell . I figure when we git out there a ' git work a ' maybe git we a piece a growin ' lan ' near water it might not be so bad at that . other men thas right ... payin ' good wage , I hear ... ever 'body get work out there ... can not be no worse ... as they talk , a second man , stand on the edge of the group , begin to grin bitterly . he be much more rag than the other . second man you folk must have a pot a money . the group turn to look at the man . PA ( with dignity ) no , we be not get no money . but they 's plenty of we to work , a ' we be all good man . get good wage out there a ' put it all together a ' we will be awright . the man begin to snigger and then to laugh in a high whinneying giggle which turn into a fit of cough . all of the man be watch he . second man good wage , eh! pickin ' orange a ' peach ? PA ( quietly ) we gonna take whatever they get . tom what 's so funny about it ? second man ( sniggering again ) what 's so funny about it ? I just * be * out there ! I be a ' * see * it ! a ' I be goin ' * back * to starve -- because I ruther starve all over at once ! PA ( angrily ) whatta you think you be talkin ' about ? I get a han'bill here say good wage , an' I see it in the papers they need picker ! second man awright , go on ! ai not nobody stoppin ' ya ! PA ( pull out handbill ) but what about this ? second man I be not gonna fret you . go on ! tom wait a minute , buddy . you jus ' do some jackassin ' ! you be not gonna shut up now . the han'bill say they need man . you laugh a ' say they do not . now which one 's a liar ? second man ( after a pause ) how many you ' all get they han'bills ? come on , how many ? at least three - quarter of the man worriedly reach into they pocket and draw out wear and fold handbills . PA but what do * that * prove ? second man look at them ! same yella han'bill -- 800 picker want . awright , this man want 800 man . so he print up 5,000 a they han'bills a ' maybe 20,000 people see them . a ' maybe two - three thousan ' start movin , wes ' account a this han'bill . two - three thousan ' folk that 's crazy with worry headin ' out for 800 job ! do that make sense ? there be a long worried silence . the proprietor lean forward angrily . proprietor what be you , a troublemaker ? you sure you be not one a they labor fake ? second man I swear I be not , mister ! proprietor well , do not you go roun ' here tryin ' to stir up trouble . second man ( draw himself up ) I try to tell you folk sump and it take I a year to fin ' out . take two kid dead , take my wife dead , to show I . but nobody could not tell I neither . I can not tell ya about they little fella layin ' in the tent with they belly puffed out a ' jus ' skin on they bone , a ' shiverin ' a ' whinin ' like pup , a ' I runnin ' aroun ' tryin ' to get work -- ( shouting ) -- not for money , not for wage -- jus ' for a cup a flour a ' a spoon a lard ! a ' then the coroner come . " they child die a heart - failure , " he say , a ' put it in he paper . ( with wild bitterness ) heart -failure ! -- a ' they little belly stick out like a pig-bladder ! he look around at the man , try to control he emotion , and then he walk away into the darkness . there be a uneasy silence . first man well -- gettin ' late . get to get to sleep . they all rise as at a signal , all move and worried by the second man 's outburst . tom , PA and casy move away , worry on they face . PA s'pose he 's tellin' the truth -- that fella ? casy he 's tellin' the truth awright . the truth for he . he be not makin ' nothin ' up . tom how about we ? be that the truth for we ? casy I do not know . PA ( worriedly ) how can you tell ? the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the rattling joad truck the sign of town flash by : amarillo , vega , glenrio . the truck be see on the highway . it be now mountain country -- New Mexico . then it be see at a gas station . it be a cheap two - pump station , hand - paint , dreary , dusty . huddle next to it be a hamburger stand . in front of the hamburger stand be a truck label : new mexico van and storage company . the joad be pile out of they truck . directed by ma , noah lift granma out . the two child scamper around shriek because they leg have go to sleep . Al be prepare to put water in the radiator . pa take out a deep leather pouch , unty the string , and begin calculate he money as the fat proprietor advance . fat man ( truculently ) you folk aim to buy anything ? al need some gas , mister . fat man get any money ? al whatta you think : -- we 's beggin ' ? fat man I just ast , that 's all . tom ( evenly ) well , ask right . you be not talkin ' to bum , you know . fat man ( appeal to heaven ) all in the worl ' I do be ast ! inside the hamburger stand , a standard cheap eatery , bert be do the short order and mae be handle the counter . a nickel phonograph be play a tune . Bill , a truck driver , sit at the counter ; he partner , Fred , be play a slot machine . bill kinda pie y'got ? mae banana cream , pineapple cream , chocolate cream - - and apple . bill cut I off a hunk a that banana cream , and a cuppa java . fred make it two . mae two it be . ( smirk ) see any new etchin 's lately , Bill ? bill ( grin ) well , here 's one be not bad . Little kid come in late to school . teacher say -- he stop . pa be peer in the screen door . beside he ruthie and winfield have they nose flatten against the screen . mae look at pa. mae yeah ? PA could you see you way clear to sell we a loaf of bread , mar 'am . mae this be not a groc'ry store . we get bread to make san'widge with . PA I know , mar 'am ... on 'y it 's for a ole lady , no tooth , gotta sof and it with water so she can chew it , a ' she 's hongry . mae why not you buy a san'wich ? we get nice san'widge . PA ( embarrassed ) I shore would like to do that , mar 'am , but the fack be , we be not get but a dime for it . it 's all figgered out , I mean - - for the trip . mae you can not get no loaf a bread for a dime . we only get fifteen - cent loaf . bert ( a angry whisper ) give them the bread . mae we will run out ' fore the bread truck come . bert awright then , run out ! mae shrug at the truck driver , to indicate what she 's up against , while bert mash he hamburger savagely with the spatula . mae come in . pa and the two child come in as mae open a drawer and pull out a long waxpaper - cover loaf of bread . the child have be draw to the candy showcase and be stare in at the goody . mae this here 's a fifteen - cent loaf . PA would you -- could you see you way to cuttin ' off ten cent worth ? bert ( a clinch tooth order ) give 'im the loaf ! PA no , sir , we wanta buy ten cent worth , thas all . mae ( sighing ) you can have this for ten cent . PA I do not wanta rob you , mar 'am . mae ( with resignation ) go ahead -- bert say take it . take out he pouch , pa dig into it , feel around with he finger for a dime , as he apologize . PA May soun ' funny to be so tight , but we get a thousan ' mile to go , a ' we do not know if we will make it . but when he put the dime down on the counter he have a penny with it . he be about to drop this back in the pouch when he eye fall on the child stare at the candy . slowly he move down to see what they be look at . then : PA be they penny candy , mar 'am ? the child look up with a gasp , they big eye on mae as she move down behind the counter . mae which one ? PA there , they stripy one . mae look from the candy to the child . they have stop breathe , they eye on the candy . mae oh , they ? well , no -- they 's * two * for a penny . PA well , give I two then , mar 'am . he place the penny carefully on the counter and mae hold the stick of candy out to the child . they look up at pa . PA ( beam ) sure , take them , take them ! rigid with embarrassment , they accept the candy , look neither at it nor at each other . pa pick up the loaf of bread and they scramble for the door . at the door pa turn back . PA thank you , mar 'am . the door slam . Bill turn back from stare after they . bill they be not two - for-a - cent candy . mae ( belligerently ) what 's it to you ? bill they be nickel apiece candy . fred we get to get goin ' . we be droppin ' time . both reach in they pocket , but when Fred see what Bill have put down he reach again and duplicate it . as they go out of the door ... bill so long . mae hey , wait a minute . you get change comin' . bill voice ( from outside ) what 's it to you ? as mae watch they through the window , she eye warm , bert walk around the counter to the three slot machine , a paper with figure on it in he hand . the truck roar outside and move off . mae look down again at the coin . mae ( softly ) bert . bert ( play a machine ) what ya want ? mae look here . as he look we see the coin on the counter . they be two half - dollar . mae ( reverently ) truck driver . there be a rattle of coin as bert hit the jackpot . in he leave hand on the machine be a paper with three column of figure on it . the third column be much the longest . he scoops out the money . bert I figgered no. 3 be about ready to pay off . the scene fade out . the arizona border , in daylight , fade in . it be in a gap in the mountain and beyond can be see the paint Desert . a border guard halt the joad truck . he be not as tough as he word indicate , just curt and matter - of - fact . guard where you go ? tom ( who be drive ) California . guard how long you plan to be in Arizona ? tom no longer and we can get acrost she . guard get any plant ? tom no plant . guard ( put sticker on windshield ) okay . go ahead , but you better keep movin' . tom sure . we aim to . the truck rattles into movement . the scene dissolves to a montage superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the joad truck . Signs flash by : flagstaff , water 5 '' a gal , water 10 '' a gal , water 15 '' a gal , and finally , needle , calif . in the foreground , they back turn , the joad stand on and about they truck look in a long silence at what can be see of California from Needles . they silence be eloquent . the face of the joad be blank with dismay , for this be a unattractive sight indeed . PA ( finally ) there she be , folk -- the land a milk a ' honey -- California ! connie ( sullenly ) well , if * that 's * what we come out here for ... they look at each other in disappointment . rosasharn ( timidly , to connie ) maybe it 's nice on the other side . they pitcher -- they little pos'card -- they be real pretty . tom ( rallying they ) aw , sure . this here 's jus ' a part of it . ai not no sense a gettin ' scairt right off . PA course not . come on , let 's get goin ' . she do not look so tough to I ! the joad and the landscape be see again . then the scene dissolves to the bank of a river . the camp at Needles be on the bank of the Colorado River , among some willow . we see the man of the family sit chest - deep in the shallow water , talk , occasionally ducking they head under , reveling in this relief . in the background be the tower mountain . tom get that desert yet . gotta take she tonight . take she in the daytime fella say she will cut you gizzard out . PA ( to Al ) how 's granma since we get she in the tent ? al she 's off she chump , seem to I . noah she 's outa she sense , awright . all night on the truck keep talkin ' like she be talkin ' to grampa . tom she 's jus ' wear out , that 's all . PA ( worriedly ) I shore would like to stop here a while a ' give she some re ' but we on'y get ' bout forty dollar leave . I will not feel right till we be there a ' all workin ' a ' a little money comin ' in . noah ( lazily , after a silence ) like to jus ' stay here myself . like to lay here forever . never get hungry a ' never get sad . Lay in the water all life long , lazy as a brood sow in the mud . tom ( look up at the mountain ) never see such tough mountain . this here 's a murder country , just the * bone * of a country . ( thoughtfully ) wonder if we will ever get in a place where folk can live ' thout fightin ' hard scrabble a ' rock . sometimes you get to thinkin ' they * be not * no such country . they look up as a man and he grow son stand on the bank . man how 's the swimmin' ? tom dunno . we be not try none . sure feel good to set here , though . man mind if we come in a ' set ? tom she be not we river . but we will len ' you a little piece of she . they start to shuck off they clothes . the man , exclude that undress , form another scene . PA goin ' west ? man' voice nope . we come from there . goin ' back home . tom where 's home ? man' voice panhandle , come from near pampa . PA ( in surprise ) can you make a livin ' there ? man' voice nope . the man and he son sit down in the water . man ( continue ) but at lea ' we can starve to death with folk we know . there be a long silence among the joad as the man and he son splash water over they head . PA ( slowly ) ya know , you be the second fella talk like that . I would like to hear some more about that . tom I a ' you both . the man and he son exchange a glance , as though the joad have touch on the deadly of subject . son ( finally ) he be not gonna tell you nothin ' about it . PA if a fella 's willin ' to work hard , can not he cut she ? man listen , mister . I do not know ever'thing . you might go out a ' fall into a steady job , a ' I would be a liar . a ' then , you might never get no work , an' I do not warn you . all I can tell ya , most of the folk be purty mis'able . ( sullenly ) but a fella do not know ever'thing . there be a disturb silence as the joad study the man , but he obviously have no intention of say anything more . finally pa turn to he brother . PA John , you never be a fella to say much , but I will be goldange if you open you mouth twicet since we lef ' home . what you think about this ? JOHN ( scowling ) I do not think * nothin ' * about it . we be a- goin ' there , be not we ? when we get there , we will get there . when we get a job , we will work , a ' when we do not get a job we will set on we behin' . that 's all they be to it , be not it ? tom ( laugh ) uncle John do not talk much but when he do he shore talk sense . ( he spurt water out of he mouth ) the scene dissolves to a gas station , at night . the joad truck , load with goods and people , be last gas and service before the desert . two white uniform boy handle the station . a sign read : " last chance for gas and water . " Al be fill the radiator . Tom be count out the money for the gas . first boy you people get a lotta nerve . tom what you mean ? first boy crossin ' the desert in a jalopy like this . tom you be acrost ? first boy sure , plenty , but not in no wreck like this . tom if we break down maybe somebody would give we a ha and . first boy ( doubtfully ) well , maybe . but I would hate to be doin ' it . take more nerve than I get . tom ( laugh ) it do not take no nerve to do somep and when there be not nothin ' else you can do . ( he climb into the driver 's seat ) ma and granma be see lie on a mattress in the truck . granma 's eye be shut . actually she be near death . ma keep patting she . ma ( softly ) do not you worry , granma . it 's gonna be awright . granma ( mumble ) grampa ... grampa ... I want grampa ... ma do not you fret now . the truck move off . we see the gas station again with the truck pull away . the first Boy , a lad who know everything , stand look after they , shaking he head . his assistant be clean up the pump . first boy Holy mose , what a hard - lookin ' outfit ! second boy all they okie be hard - lookin ' . first boy Boy , but I would hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that ! second boy ( contentedly ) well , you and I get sense . they okie get no sense or no feel . they be not human . a human be would not live like they do . a human be could not stand it to be so miserable . first boy just do not know any better , I guess . noah be see hide behind a corner of the gas station . peer out , he see that the truck have go . he turn to walk away into the darkness . the scene dissolves to a river bank at night , and noah be once more seat in the shallow water , splash , look up at the mountain , content . the truck be rattling along U.S. highway 66 , across the desert , in the night . in the driver' seat Tom be drive , Al and pa be by he side . al what a place ! how would you like to walk acrost she ? tom people do it . if they could , we could . al lot must a die , too . tom ( after a pause ) well , we be not out a it yet . ruthie and winfield huddle together in the truck , eye wide with excitement . ruthie this here 's the desert a ' we be right in it ! winfield ( try to see ) I wisht it be day . ruthie Tom say if it 's day it will cut you gizzard smack out a you . ( try to see too ) I see a pitcher once . they be bone ever 'place . winfield man bone ? ruthie some , I guess , but mos'ly cow bone . ma and grandma be see again . the old woman lie still , breathe noisily . ma continue to pat she . ma ( whisper ) ' S awright , honey . everything 's gonna be awright . then we see the truck still churn along highway 66 by night . casy be asleep in the truck , he face wet with sweat . connie and rosasharn be huddle together , damp and weary . rosasharn seem like we be not never gonna do nothin ' but move . I be so tar would . connie ( sullenly ) woman be always tar would . rosasharn ( fearfully ) you be not -- you be not sorry , be you , honey ? connie ( slowly ) no , but -- but you see that advertisement in the spicy western Story magazine . do not pay nothin' . jus ' send them the coupon a ' you be a radio expert -- nice clean work . rosasharn ( pleadingly ) but we can still do it , honey . connie ( sullenly ) I ought to do it then - - a ' not come on any trip like this . her eye widen with fright as he avoid meeting she glance . ma and grandma lie side by side . ma 's hand be on grandma 's heart . the old woman 's eye be shut and she breathe be almost imperceptible . ma ( whisper ) we can not give up , honey . the family 's get to get acrost . you know that . john' voice ever 'thing all right ? ma do not answer immediately . her head lift , she be stare at granma 's face . then slowly she withdraw she hand from grandma 's heart . ma ( slowly ) yes , ever'thing 's all right . I -- I guess I drop off to sleep . her head rest again . she lie look fixedly at the still face . the scene dissolves to a inspection station , near daggett , California , at night . obey a sign that read : " keep right and stop , " the joad truck pull up under a long shed as two officer , yawn , come out to inspect it . one take down the license number and open the hood . the people aboard the truck bestir themselves sleepily . tom what 's this here ? officer agricultural inspection . we get to go over you stuff . get any vegetable or seed ? tom no . officer well , we get to look over you stuff . you get to unload . ma get down off the truck , she face swollen , she eye hard . there be a undercurrent of hysteria in she voice and manner . ma look , mister . we get a sick ol ' lady . we get to get she to a doctor . we can not wait . ( almost hysterically ) you can not make we wait ! officer yeah ? well , we get to look you over . ma I swear we be not get anything . I swear it . an' granma 's awful sick . ( pull he to the truck ) look ! the officer light he flashlight on granma 's face . officer ( shocked ) you be not foolin ' ! you swear you get no fruit or vegetable ? ma no , I swear it . officer then go ahead . you can get a doctor at barstow . that 's just eight mile . but do not stop . do not get off . understand ? ma climb back up beside granma . tom okay , cap . much oblige . the truck start . ma ( to John ) tell Tom he do not have to stop . granma 's all right . the truck move away on highway 66 . the scene dissolves to the tehachapi valley , by day . take it from the book , there be a breath -taking view of the valley from where highway 66 come out of the mountain . this be the California the joad have dream of , rich and beautiful , the land of milk and honey . it be just daybreak , with the sun at the joad 's back . they have pull off the side of the road and stop , just to drink in the sight . they be look almost reverently at the sight before they as they climb stiffly out of the truck . al will ya look at she ! PA ( shaking he head ) I never know they be anything like she ! one by one , they climb down . tom where 's ma ? I want ma to see it . look , ma ! come here , ma! he start back . ma be hold to the rear of the truck , she face stiff and swollen , she eye deep - sink , she limb weak and shaky . tom ( shocked ) ma , you sick ? ma ( hoarsely ) ya say we be acrost ? tom ( eagerly ) look , ma! ma thank God ! a ' we be still together -- most of we . ( her knee buckle and she sit down on the run board ) tom didn ' you get no sleep ? ma no . tom be granma bad ? ma ( after a pause ) granma 's dead . tom ( shocked ) when ? ma since before they stop we las ' night . tom a ' that 's why you do not want them to look ? ma ( nodd ) I be afraid they would stop we a ' would not let we cross . but I tol ' granma . I tol ' she when she be dyin' . I tol ' she the fambly have to get acrost . I tol ' she we could not take no chance on bein ' stop . with the valley for background , ma look down on it . ma ( softly ) so it 's all right . at lea ' she will get bury in a nice green place . tree and flower aroun ' . ( smiling sadly ) she get to lay she head down in California after all . the scene fade out . a town STREET , by day , fade in . down a town or small city business street , with quite a bit of traffic , come the joad truck be push by the joad man . at the wheel , aim at a corner gas station , be rosasharn , frighten and uncertain , with ma beside she on the front seat . in the back ruthie and winfield be delighted with this new form of locomotion . cross the street , a policeman fall into step with Tom . policeman how far you figger you gonna get * this * way ? tom right here . we give out a gas . it be a two - pump station and one of the pump have a car , with the attendant service it . the joad truck stop by the other pump and Tom , wiping he face with he sleeve , grin and address himself to the policeman . the other stand listen solemnly in the background . tom where 's the bes ' place to get some work aroun ' here ? ( pull out the handbill ) do not matter what kin ' either . policeman ( patiently ) if I see one a they thing I must a see ten thousa n ' . PA ai not it no good ? policeman ( shaking he head ) not here -- not now . month ago there be some pickin ' but it 's all move south now . where 'bout in Oklahoma you from ? tom sallisaw . policeman I come out from Cherokee County -- two year ago . rosasharn ( pleased ) why , connie 's folk from Cherokee County -- policeman ( stop she wearily ) okay , mar 'am , let 's do not go into it . I already meet about a hundred fir ' cousin a ' it mus ' be five hundred secon ' . but this be what I get to tell you , do not try to park in town tonight . keep on out to that camp . if we catch you in town after dark we get to lock you up . do not forget . PA ( worriedly ) but what we gonna * do *? policeman ( about to leave ) pop , that just be not up to I . ( grimly he point to the handbill ) but I do not minute ' tellin ' you , the guy they * ought * to lock up be the guy that send out * they * thing . he stroll away , the joad look concernedly after he , just as the gas station attendant come briskly to they after dispose of the other car . attendant ( brightly ) how many , folk ? al ( after a pause ) one . the attendant regards he in disgust . the scene dissolves to hooverville , by day . a large migrant camp , a typical shanty town of rag tent and tarpaper shack , jalopy and dirty child . a dozen or more child pause to watch as the joad truck lumber down a dirt incline from the road and stop at the edge of the camp in front of one of the most miserable of the shack . the joad regard the camp with dismay . tom ( shaking he head ) she shore do not look prosperous . want to go somewhere else ? ma on a gallon a gas ? ( as Tom grin at she ) let 's set up the tent . maybe I can fix we up some stew . the truck move into the camp through a lane of child . the scene dissolves to the joad tent . in front of it , ma be on she knee feed a small fire with break stick . on the fire be a pot of stew . ruthie and winfield stand watch the pot . about fifteen rag , barefoot child in a half - circle be now around the fire , they solemn eye on the pot of stew . occasionally they look at ma , then back at the stew . presently one of the older girl speak . girl ( shyly ) I could break up some bresh if you want I , mar 'am . ma ( gently ) you want to get ast to eat , hunh ? girl ( simply ) yes , mar 'am . ma didn ' you have no breakfast ? girl no , mar 'am . they be not no work hereabout . pa 's in tryin ' to sell some stuff to get gas so 's we can get along . ma didn ' none of this have no breakfast ? there be a long silence . then : boy ( boastfully ) I do . I a ' my brother do . we et good . ma then you be not hungry , be you ? the boy choke , he lip stick out . boy ( doggedly ) we et good . ( then he break and run ) ma well , it 's a good thing * some * a you be not hungry , because they be not enough to go all the way rou and . girl aw , he be braggin ' . know what he do ? Las ' night , come out a ' say they get chicken to eat . well , sir , I look in whilst they be a-eatin ' a ' it be fry dough jus ' like ever 'body else . pa and John enter . PA how ' bout it ? ma ( to ruthie ) go get Tom a ' al. ( look helplessly at the child ) I dunno what to do . I get to feed the fambly . what be I gonna do with this here ? she be dish the stew into tin plate . the child 's eye follow the spoon , and then the first plate , to John . he be raise the first spoonful to he mouth when he notice they apparently for the first time . he be chew slowly , he eye on the child , they eye on he face , when Tom and Al enter . JOHN ( stand up ) you take this . ( handing plate to Tom ) I be not hungry . tom whatta ya mean ? you be not et today . JOHN I know , but I get a stomickache . I be not hungry . tom ( after a glance at the child ) you take that plate inside the tent a ' you eat it . JOHN would not be no use . I would still see them inside the tent . tom ( to the child ) you git . go on now , git . you be not doin ' no good . they be not enough for you . the child retreat a step , but no more , and then look wonderingly at he . ma we can not send them away . take you plate a ' go inside . take a plate to rosasharn . ( smiling , to the child ) look . you little fella go a ' get you each a flat stick a ' I will put what 's lef ' for you . ( the child scatter ) but they be not to be no fightin ' ! ( dish plate for ruthie and winfield ) I do not know if I be doin ' right or not but -- go inside , ever 'body stay inside . ( the child be back ) they be not enough . all you gonna get be jus ' a taste but -- I can not help it , I can not keep it from you . she go in the tent hurriedly to hide the fact that tear have come into she eye . the child pounce on the pot , silently , too busy digging for the stew to speak . inside the tent they have all finish they stew already . ma ( bitterly ) I do fine ! now nobody get enough ! at the road a new coupe drive off the highway and into the camp and stop . it contain two man . one get out . a group of men be squatting in a half - circle , the usual pattern for conversation , but they be silent now as they eye fix on the man approach . he be a labor agent . outside the joad tent the man be look in the direction of the group . they start to walk toward it . at the group of men : the agent , wear a flat - brimm stetson and with he pocket fill with pencil and dog-eare booklet , look down at the silent man . all of the man in the camp be approach slowly , silently . the woman give they anxious attention in the background . among the man who walk up be floyd , a grimly disappointed young man . agent you man want to work ? PA sure we wanta work . where 's it at ? agent tulare County . fruit 's open up . need a lot of picker . floyd you doin ' the hirin' ? agent well , I be contracting the land . first man whay you payin ? agent well , can not tell exactly , yet . ' Bout thirty cent , I guess . first man why can not you tell ? you take the contrac ' , didn ' you ? agent that 's true . but it 's key to the price . might be a little more , might be a little less . floyd ( quietly ) all right , mister . I will go . you just show you license to contrack , a ' then you make out a order -- where a ' when a ' how much you gonna pay - - a ' you sign it a ' we will go . agent ( ominously ) you try to tell I how to run my own business ? floyd ' F we be workin ' for you , it 's we business too . a ' how do we know -- ( pull out a handbill ) -- you be not one a the guy that send this thing out ? agent ( tough ) listen , smart guy . I will run my business my own way . I get work . if you wanta take it , okay . if not , just sit here , that 's all . the squatting man have rise one by one . they face be expressionless because they simply do not know when one of this call be genuine or when it be not . floyd address they . floyd twicet now I have fall for that line . maybe he need a thousan ' man . so he get 's five thousan ' there , a ' he will pay fifteen cent a hour . a ' you guy will have to take it ' cause you will be hungry . ( facing the agent ) ' F he want to hire man , let he write it out a ' say what he 's gonna pay . ast to see he license . he be not allow by law to contrack man without a license . agent ( turn ) Joe ! the other man get out of the coupe . he wear riding breech and lace boot , carry a pistol and cartridge belt , and there be a deputy sheriff 's star on he brown shirt . he smile thinly and shift he pistol holster as he start toward the group . the men be watch the deputy approach . floyd ( angrily ) you see ? if this guy be on the level , would he bring a cop along ? deputy ( enter ) what 's the trouble ? agent ( point at floyd ) ever see this guy before ? deputy what would he do ? agent he 's agitatin' . deputy hmmm . ( give floyd a look over ) seem like I have . seem like I see he hangin ' around that use car lot that be bust into . yep , I would swear it 's the same fella . ( sharply ) get in that car . tom you get nothin ' on he . deputy open you trap again and you will go too . agent ( to the man ) you fella do not wanta lissen to troublemaker . you better pack up a ' come on to tulare County . the man say nothing . deputy might be a good idea to do what he say . too many of you okie aroun ' here already . folk beginnin ' to figger it be not maybe * safe * . might start a epidemic or sump and . ( after a pause ) would not like a bunch a guy down here with pick handle tonight , would you ? as the agent get into the coupe floyd be thumb hook over he belt and he look off , away . tom be look away be a answer . his thumb also hook over he belt . deputy ( to floyd ) now , you . he take hold of floyd 's leave arm . at the same time floyd swing , smack he in the face . as the deputy stagger , Tom stick out a foot and trip he . floyd be already run through the camp . the deputy fire from the ground . there be a scream . a woman be look down at she hand , the knuckle shot away . the coupe be see as the agent step on the gas to get away . as floyd get in the clear , the deputy , sit on the ground , aim he pistol again , slowly , carefully . behind he casy step up , gauge he distance , and then kick he square in the base of the skull . the deputy tumble over unconscious . Tom pick up the pistol . casy gimme that gun . now git outa here . go down in they willow a ' wait . tom ( angrily ) I be not gonna run . casy he see you , Tom ! you wanta be fingerprinted ? you wanta get send back for breakin ' parole ? tom you be right ! casy hide in the willow . if it 's awright to come back I will give you four high whistle . as Tom stride away there be the distant sound of a siren . casy empty the gun and throw cartridge and gun aside . the man , aghast , have be stand back , worried and excited and apprehensive . they wish nothing like this have happen . the woman have gather around the wounded woman , who be sobbing . now at the sound of the siren everybody begin to move uncomfortably toward he tent or shack . Al look admiringly from casy to the unconscious deputy . everybody have disappear into he tent but Al and casy . the siren draw nearer . casy go on . get in you tent . you do not know nothin' . al how ' bout you ? casy ( grin ) * some * body get to take the blame . they just * get * to hang it on somebody , you know . ( shrugge ) a ' I be not doin ' nothin ' but set around . al but be not no reason -- casy ( savagely ) lissen . I do not care nothin ' about you , but if you mess in this , you whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble , a ' Tom get send back to the penitentiary . al okay . I think you be a darn fool , though . casy sure . why not ? Al head for the joad tent and casy kneel down and lift the deputy . he wipe he face clean . the deputy begin to come to . a open car curve off the highway , stop in the clear , and four man with rifle pile out . the deputy sit rub he eye and casy stand . second deputy what 's goin ' on here ? casy this man a yours , he get tough a ' I hit he . then he start shootin' - - hit a woman down the line -- so I hit he again . second deputy well -- what would you do in the first place ? casy I talk back . two of the man have help the deputy to he foot . he feel the back of he neck gingerly . casy they 's a woman down there like to bleed to death from he bad shootin' . second deputy ( to assistant ) take a look at she . ( to deputy ) Mike , be this the fella that hit you ? deputy ( dazedly ) do not look like he . casy it be I , all right . you just get smart with the wrong fella . deputy ( shudder ) do not look like he , but ... maybe it be . I be not sure . second deputy get in that car . with a deputy on either side of he , casy climb in the back seat . the sickish deputy be help into the car . the other man come run back . man ( proudly ) Boy , what a mess a .45 do make ! they get a tourniquet on . we will send a doctor out . the car start . casy and two deputy beside he be reveal in the back seat . casy sit proudly , head up , eye front . on he lip be a faint smile ; on he face , a curious look of conquest . deputy ( angry at the whole business ) but what you gonna do ? must be * thousand * of them around here , sore and hungry and live in they dump . what you gonna do about them ? second deputy you gotta hold them down . hold them down or they will take over the whole country . that 's all you * can * do . deputy ( grimly ) well , they be not gonna take over *my * country . I be livin ' here too long for * that * . maybe some a the boy better drop around tonight and give them something to think about . casy sit with eye front . at the willow , screen by tree or brush , Tom look off at the car take casy away . start at a sound , he withdraw into the brush as the scene dissolves . in front of the joad tent , at night , ma stand face pa and Al . rosasharn lie on a pallet , she face in she arm , while ruthie and winfield look on , wide - eye at the family quarrel . PA ( to ma ) leave he alone , ma -- Al 's just billy - goatin ' around -- al sure ! I be just aimin ' to meet up with a couple girl I know . ma you do not know * no * girl around here . you be lyin ' , * you be runnin ' away *! PA ( a short flash of momentary but ill advise belligerence ) cut it out , ma , or I will -- ma ( softly , as she pick up jack - handle ) you will * what *?... come on , pa. come on a ' whup I . jus ' try it . PA ( solemnly ) now do not get sassy , ma. ma Al be not a-goin ' away , a ' you gonna * tell * he he be not a-goin ' away . ( hefting the jack - handle ) a ' if you think diff'unt , you gotta whup I first . so some on . PA ( helplessly ) I never * see * she so sassy . ( with a touch of bewilder pride ) a ' she be not so young , neither ! al ( sullenly ) I would come back -- ma ( eye on pa ) but ef you * do * whup I , I swear you better not ever go to sleep again , because the minute you go to sleep , or you be settin ' down , or you back 's turn , I be gonna knock you belly - up with a bucket . they stand stare at each other in silence . at the edge of hooverville , Tom be head for the joad tent warily , glance around constantly , but not run , for that would draw attention to he . in front of the joad tent again : PA ( helplessly ) jus ' sassy , that 's all . ma ( angrily ) sassy my foot ! I be jus ' sick and tar would a my folk tryin ' to bust up . all we get lef ' in the * worl '* be the fambly -- a ' right down at bottom that 's all we * get * to have ! ef some of we die , we can not he 'p that -- but be not nobody else runnin ' away ! al but it be not runnin ' away , ma . all I wanta do be go away with another fella a ' look aroun ' for work by ourself -- ma ( blaze ) well , you be not a-goin ' ! ai not * nobody * else a-goin ' ! we * get * here a ' we gonna * stay * here , together ! as long as we get the fambly unbroke I be not scared , but it 's a long bitter road we get ahead of we -- ( squaring off ) -- a ' I be here to tell ya ef anybody else try to bust we up anymore I be a-goin ' cat wild with this here piece a bar-arn ! as she get ready for whatever ... in the shadow , twenty foot away from the tent , Tom whistle softly . tom hey , Al ! in front of the joad tent , all but ma be look off . ma still eye pa. al ( peer into the darkness ) Tom ? you can come on . they go . tom ( enter quickly ) we get to get outa here right away . ever 'body here ? where 's uncle John ? JOHN ( from tent ) here I be . PA what 's a matter now ? tom fella tell I some a they poolroom boy figgerin ' to burn the whole camp out tonight . get to get that truck load -- what you doin ' with the jack -handle , ma ? ma , PA , and al ( together ) Al 's tryin ' to go away ... she jus ' get sassy ... all I aim to do ... tom ( take the jack -handle ) awright , you can fight it out later . right now we get to hustle . where 's connie ? there be a silence that stop Tom in he rush of preparation . ma ( quietly ) connie 's go . ( indicating rosasharn ) lit out this e'enin' - - say he do not know it be gonna be like this . PA ( angrily ) glad to get shet of he . never be no good a ' never will be -- ma pa ! shh ! PA how come I get to shh ? run out , do not he ? tom ( look to rosasharn ) cut it out , pa. he 'p Al with the truck . ( he kneel beside rosasharn . gently ) do not fret , honey . you goin ' to be awright . rosasharn ( uncover she face ) Tom , I jus ' do not feel like nothin ' a tall . without he I jus ' do not wanta live . tom maybe he will be back . we will leave word for he . jus ' do not cry . ( he pat she awkwardly ) the scene dissolves to hooverville , at night . the jalopy be lumber up on the road , one after the other , as the migrant scatter before the threaten invasion . in the joad truck , Tom be help rosasharn into the front seat , beside ma . the other be aboard except Al . Tom hand Al a wrench . tom just in case . sit up back a ' if anybody try to climb up -- let ' im have it . PA ( from truck ) I be not get nothin ' in *my * ha and . tom ( to Al ) give ' im a fryin ' pan . ( he get into the driver 's seat and start the truck ) in the front seat of the truck , Tom drive , ma sit in the middle , rosasharn on the other side . rosasharn ( hopefully ) maybe connie go to get some book to study up with . he 's gonna be a radio expert , ya know . maybe he figgered to suprise we . ma maybe that 's jus ' what he do . tom ma , they come a time when a man get mad . ma Tom - - you tol ' I -- you promise you be not like that . you promise I . tom I know , ma. I be a tryin ' . if it be the law they be workin ' with , we could take it . but it * be not * the law . they be workin ' away at we spirit . they be tryin ' to make we cringe a ' crawl . they be workin ' on we decency . ma you promise , Tommy . tom I be a-tryin ' , ma. honest I be . ma you gotta keep clear , Tom . the fambly 's breakin ' up . you * get * to keep clear . tom what 's that -- detour ? as he slow down the truck , we see that half of the road be block with board and red lantern . a group of man swarm around the joad truck as it stop . a leader lean in Tom 's window . leader where you think you be goin ' ? in the front seat of the truck Tom 's hand reach for the jack -handle on the seat at he side but ma 's hand clutches he arm in a steel grip . tom well -- ( then in a servile whine ) -- we be stranger here . we hear about they 's work in a place call tulare . leader well , you be goin ' the wrong way , an' what 's more , we do not want no more okie in this town . we be not get work enough for they that be already here . Tom 's arm tremble as he try to pull it away , but ma hold on tight . tom which way be it at , mister ? leader you turn right aroun ' and head north . a ' do not come back till the cotton 's ready . tom yes , sir . the truck turn around . in the front seat Tom be almost sobbing with anger as he maneuver the truck around . ma ( whisper ) do not you minute ' , Tommy . you do good . you do jus ' good . the truck be go back down the road as the scene fade out . a montage fade in : superimpose on grow field hand - make sign flash by : no help wanted , keep out --this means U , no work , no help wanted . then we see the joad truck pull up off the paved highway , and jack up while Tom and Al fix a puncture . ma be seat in the front seat with rosasharn . pa and uncle John be putter about worriedly . ma ( thoughtfully ) sump and get to happen soon . we get one day 's more grease , two day 's flour , a ' ten potato . after that ... ( look at rosasharn ) an' rosasharn , we get to remember she 's gonna be due soon . PA ( shaking he head ) it sure be hell jus ' tryin ' to get enough to eat . tom fella tell I they 's three hunerd thousan ' aroun ' here like we , a - scrabblin ' for work a ' livin ' like hog . can not figger what it be , but * sump ' n 's * wrong . a buick roadmaster which have be speed toward they stop suddenly . driving it be a husky man , name Spencer , whose manner be amiable and disarming . spencer Morning . tom Morning . spencer you people look for work ? tom mister , we be lookin ' even under board for work . spencer can you pick peach ? tom we can pick anything . spencer well , there 's plenty of work for you about forty mile north , this road just outside pixley . turn east on 32 and look for hooper 's ranch . tell them Spencer send you . this be electrify news , as they face show . tom mister , we sure that ya ! as they snap into action to get under way again the scene dissolves to the front seat , Al drive , with ma and Tom beside he . they be all smile , they face glow with excitement . ma ( excitedly ) fust thing I will get be coffee , cause ever ' body be wantin ' that , a ' then some flour a ' bakin ' powder a ' meat . better not get no side - meat right off . save that for later . maybe sat'dy . get to get some soap too . a ' milk . rosasharn 's get to have some milk . tom get some sugar too , for the coffee . ma you know , I jus ' can not remember when I feel so good before ! al know what I be a-gonna do ? I be a-gonna save up a ' go in town a ' get I a job in a garage . live in a room a ' eat in restaurant . go to the movin ' pitcher * ever '* night . cowboy pitcher . the scene dissolves to the entrance of the hooper ranch in daylight . a gravel road lead from the paved highway to the big wire gate , which be enclose . along the side of the paved highway be park a dozen jalopy , the migrant sit soberly in they . fifty or sixty other migrant line the gravel road and the junction with the paved highway . five jalopy be in line wait to enter the gate . and the scene be overwhelmingly police . there must be ten motorcycle cop around . six be dismounted and strolling to keep order among the migrant along the road . Three , they motorcycle roaring , flank the line of five jalopy . as the joad truck drive up , we see the front seat . Tom , Al , and ma be behold the scene with bewilderment . al what be it , a wreck ? cop ( on motorcycle ) where you think you be go ? tom fella name Spencer send we -- say they be work pickin ' peach . cop want to work , do you ? tom sure do . cop pull up behind that car . ( Calling ) okay for this one . take them through . tom ( the truck move ) what 's the matter ? what 's happen ? cop Little trouble up ahead , but you will get through . just follow the line . the motorcycle escort form around the line of six car and a deafen din be raise , of motorcycle , siren , and a inexplicable blow of horn on the jalopy . at the same time , as the gate open and the six car start through , flanke by the motorcycle cop , the migrant begin spasmodic shout , but what they say can not be understand . as the car move slowly , Tom and Al in the front seat be puzzle and worried at the demonstration . al maybe the road 's out . tom I do not know what this cop get to do with it but I do not like it . ( look out ) a ' this here be we own people , all of them . I do not like this . at the gate the heckling from the bystander be spasmodic , not continuous , as the six jalopy in line pass through the gate into the hooper ranch . two man stand beside the gate with shotgun . they keep call . men go on , go on ! keep movin ' ! the joad truck pass through the gate . in the hooper ranch the six jalopy be halt at the end of a camp street . the house be small , square block , set in line . one , a little larger , be a grocery store . casually about be man in pair with metal star on they shirt and shotgun in they hand . two bookkeeper be already pass down the car and jotting down information . bookkeeper want to work ? tom sure , but what be this ? bookkeeper that 's not you affair . name . tom joad . bookkeeper how many man ? tom four . bookkeeper woman ? tom two . bookkeeper kid ? tom two . bookkeeper can all of you work ? tom why , I guess so . bookkeeper okay . House 63 . wage 5 cent a box . no bruise fruit . move along and go to work right away . he move to the next car . the joad truck start ... at house 63 , as the joad truck pull up , two deputy approach . they look closely into each face as the joad pile out . one of the deputy have a long list in he hand . first deputy name . tom ( impatiently ) joad . say , what be this here ? second deputy ( consulting list ) not here . take a look at he license . first deputy 542-567 Oklahoma . second deputy ai not get it . guess they be okay . ( to Tom ) now you look here . we do not want no trouble with you . jes ' do you work and mind you own business and you will be all right . ( the deputy walk away ) tom they sure do want to make we feel at home all right . ma and rosasharn step inside the house . it be filthy . a rusty tin stove rest on four brick be all the one room contain . ma and rosasharn stand look around at it . finally : rosasharn we gonna live here ? ma ( after a moment ) why , sure . it will not be so bad once we get she wash out . rosasharn I like the tent better . ma this get a floor . would not leak when it rain . outside , a clerk with glass appear , push a cart load with three - gallon bucket . clerk name ? tom ( patiently ) it 's still joad . clerk ( doling out the bucket ) how many ? ma ( at the door ) six . ( to Tom ) all y'all go . I an' rosasharn will unload . with they bucket they shuffle away toward the peach tree -- Tom , pa , uncle John , Al , and the two child struggle with the enormous container . the scene dissolves to the interior of house 63 at night , a lantern lighting the scene . sitting wherever they can , the joad have finish they supper of hamburger . and grateful they be too , for the meat . tom ( wiping he mouth ) get any more , ma ? ma no . that 's all . you make a dollar , a ' that 's a dollar 's worth . PA that ! ma they charge extry at the comp'ny store but they be not no other place . tom I be not full . ma well , tomorra you will get in a full day -- full day 's pay - - a ' we will have plenty . PA ( rise ) you would not think jus ' reachin ' up a ' pickin'd get you in the back . tom think I will walk out a ' try to fin ' out what all that fuss outside the gate be . anybody wanta come with I ? PA no. I be jus ' gonna set awhile a ' then go to bed . al think I will look aroun ' a ' see if I can not meet I a girl . tom thing 's be workin ' on I , what they be yellin ' about . get I all curious . JOHN I get to get a lot curiouser than I be -- with all they cop out there . tom ( laugh ) okay . I be back a little later . ma you be careful , Tommy . do not you be stickin ' you nose in anything . tom ( leave ) okay , ma . do not you worry . in the ranch STREET . there be a faint moonlight , but not much , and little sound from the other house as Tom stroll down the street . near the gate : beyond , car pass . as Tom approach the gate a flashlight play on he face suddenly and a guard rise from a box . guard where you think you be go ? tom think I would take a walk . any law against it ? guard well , you just turn around and walk the other way . tom you mean I can not even get outa here ? guard not tonight you can not . want to walk back ? -- or you want I to whistle up some help and take you back ? tom I will walk back . the guard watch he as he walk back and then douse he flashlight . at a section of wire fence , watch he chance , move silently , Tom drop on the ground , on he back , get he head under the bottom wire , and push himself under and outside . rising , he cross the paved highway . a embankment across the road from the wire fence : Tom clamber down it , move quietly . he pick he way down the shallow ravine . a tent : there be a light inside and there be the shadow of figure . in the background , beyond the tent , be the silhouette of a small concrete bridge span a small stream . follow a trail , Tom enter and approach the tent . ( the open be away from he . ) in front of the tent , a man sit on a box look up suspiciously as Tom enter . his name be Joe . tom evenin ' . joe who be you ? tom jus ' goin ' pas ' , that 's all . joe know anybody here ? tom no. jus ' goin ' pas ' , I tell you . a head stick out of the tent . until he speak , Tom do not recognize casy . casy what 's the matter ? tom casy ! what you doin ' here ? casy well , if it be not Tom joad . how ya , boy ? tom think you be in jail . casy no , I do my time a ' get out . come on in . ( he pull Tom into the tent . ) inside the tent , three other man sit on the ground as casy bring Tom in . one 's name be Frank . frank this the fella you be talkin ' about ? casy this be he . what you doin ' here , Tommy ? tom workin '. pickin ' peach . but I see a bunch a fella yellin ' when we come in , so I come out to see what 's goin ' on . what 's it all about ? frank this here 's a strike . tom ( puzzle ) well , fi ' cent a box be not much , but a fella can eat . frank fi ' cent ! they pain ' you fi ' cent ? tom sure . we make a buck since midday . casy ( after a long silence ) lookie , Tom . we come to work here . they tell we it 's gonna be fi ' cent . but they be a whole lot of we , so the man say two a ' a half cent . well , a fella can not even eat on that , a ' if he get kid ... ( after a pause ) so we say we will not take it . so they druv we off . now they be payin ' you five -- but when they bust this strike ya think they will pay five ? tom I dunno . payin ' five now . casy ( soberly ) I do not expeck we can las ' much longer -- some a the folk be not et for two day . you goin ' back tonight ? tom I aim to . casy ( earnestly ) well -- tell the folk inside how it be , Tom . tell them they be starvin ' we and stabbin ' theirself in the back . a ' as sure as God make little apple it 's goin ' back to two a ' a half jus ' as soon as they clear we out . frank ( suddenly ) you hear sump and ? they listen . then : tom I will tell them . but I do not know how . never see so many guy with gun . would not even let we talk today . casy try a ' tell them , Tom . they will get two a ' a half , jus ' the minute we be go . a ' you know what that be ? that 's one ton a peach pick a ' carry for a dollar . that way you can not even buy food enough to keep you alive ! tell them to come out with we , Tom ! they peach be * ripe * . two day out a ' they will pay * all * of we five ! tom they will not . they be a- gettin ' five a ' they do not care about nothin ' else . casy but jus ' the minute they be not strike - breakin ' they will not get no five ! frank ( bitterly ) a ' the nex ' thing you know you will be out , because they get it all figgered down to a t--until the harvest be in you be a * migrant * worker - - afterwards , just a bum . tom five they be a-gettin ' now , an' that 's all they be int'rested in . I know exackly what pa would say . he would jus ' say it be not none a he business . casy ( reluctantly ) I guess that 's right . have to take a beatin ' before he will know . tom we be outa food . tonight we have meat . not much , but we have it . think pa 's gonna give up he meat on account a other fella ? an' rosasharn need milk . think ma 's gonna starve that baby jus ' cause a bunch a fella be yellin ' outside a gate ? casy ( sadly ) get to learn , like I be a-learnin ' . do not know it right yet myself , but I be tryin ' to fin ' out . that 's why I can not ever be a preacher again . preacher get to * know * . ( shake he head ) I do not . I get to *ask * . joe ( stick he head in tent ) I do not like it . casy what 's the matter ? joe can not tell . seem like I hear sump and , a ' then I listen a ' they be not nothin ' to hear . frank ( rise ) ' tai not outa the question , y'know . ( he exit ) casy all of we a little itchy . cop be tellin ' we how they gonna beat we up a ' run we outa the country . not they reg'lar deppity , but they tin- star fella they get for guard . ( after a pause ) they figger I be the leader because I talk so much . Frank 's head stick in the door . his voice be a excited whisper . frank turn out that light a ' come outside . they 's sump and here . quickly casy turn the light down and out . he grope for the door , follow by Tom and the other man . in front of the tent : casy ( softly ) what be it ? frank I dunno . listen . there be night sound but little else to be distinguished . casy can not tell if you hear it or not . you hear it , Tom ? tom ( softly ) I hear it . I think they 's some guy comin ' this way , lot of them . we better get outa here . joe ( whisper ) down that way -- under the bridge span . casy lead the way softly . the bridge span be see from the stream as casy , Tom , and the other man wade carefully toward it . under the bridge it be almost black as they creep through the culvert . just as casy and Tom step out from under the bridge on the other side , a blind flashlight hit they , lighting they like day . voice there they be ! stand where you be ! halted , uncertain , they stand as three man with star on they coat and pickhandle in they hand slide down the embankment . two of they hold light flashlight . deputy that 's he ! that one in the middle , the skinny one ! Chuck ! alec ! here they be ! we get them ! there be faint response from a distance . casy and tom be alone . the other have fle . the deputy approach , they light on casy and Tom . casy listen , you fella . you do not know what you be doin ' . you be helpin ' to stave kid . deputy shut up , you red -- he swing the pickhandle . casy dodge but the stick crack he skull . he fall face down out of the light . the deputy watch for a moment but casy do not stir . second deputy look like to I you kill he . deputy turn he over . put the light on he . bend over , they body hide casy . tom , see close , be breathe hard , he eye glisten . deputy voice serve he right , too . as the deputy straighten up , Tom step forward , grab the pickhandle from the man who fell casy , and swing . the blow strike the deputy 's arm , send he flashlight fly , and the scene be in semi-darkness as Tom swing again . there be a grunt and a groan as the deputy go down . then all be confusion . back away , swinging the pickhandle , Tom bolt , splashes a few yard through the stream , turn and gain a better start by throw the pickhandle at he pursuer . they duck , and Tom disappear into the night . the other man rush through the scene in pursuit . the second deputy be see bend over the body of the man Tom laid out . second deputy where 's that flash ? third deputy here . the light flash on the man 's face . third deputy ( awed ) Boy , he 's * good * and dead ! you see that fella that do it ? second deputy I be not sure -- but I catch he one across the face , and believe I , I give he a trade - mark * he* be not gonna be able to shake off easy ! tom be see crash through the bush , he face bloody . the scene fade out . the exterior of house 63 fade in . it be day . ma come down the street with a bundle under she arm and enter the house . inside house 63 , rosasharn sit by the window as ma enter . ma anybody ask anything ? rosasharn no be . ma stand by the door . rosasharn take she post at the door as ma kneel on the floor beside Tom , put down the rag bundle , and get a basin . Tom , who be under a quilt , be with he back alone visible . she speak softly , guardedly , as she bathes he face . ma how 's it feel , Tommy ? tom busted my cheek but I can still see . what would you hear ? ma look like you do it . tom ( soberly ) I kinda think so . felt like it . ma folk be not talkin ' about much else . they say they get poss out . talkin ' about a lynchin' - - when they catch the fella . tom they kill casy first . ma that be not the way they be tellin ' it . they be sayin ' you do it fust . tom ( after a pause ) they know what -- this fella look like ? ma they know he get hit in the face . tom ( slowly ) I be sorry , ma. but -- I do not know what I be doin ' , no more and when you take a breath . I do not even know I be gonna do it . ma it 's awright , Tommy . I wisht you do not do it , but you do what you have to do . I can not read no fault in you . tom I be gonna go away tonight . I can not go puttin ' this on you folk . ma ( angrily ) Tom ! they 's a whole lot I do not understan ' , but goin ' away be not gonna ease we . ( thoughtfully ) they be the time when we be on the lan ' . they be a bound 'ry to we then . ol ' folk die off , a ' little fella come , a ' we be always one thing -- we be the fambly -- kinda whole a ' clear . but now we be not clear no more . they be not nothin ' keep we clear . Al -- he 's a-hankerin ' a ' a - jibbitin ' to go off on he own . an' uncle John be just a-draggin ' along . pa 's lose he place -- he be not the head no more . we be crackin ' up , Tom . they be not no fambly now . rosasharn -- ( a glance at the girl ) -- she gonna have she baby , but * it * be not gonna have no fambly . I be tryin ' to keep she goin ' but -- winfiel ' - - what 's he gonna be , this - a- way ? growin ' up wild , an' ruthie , too - - like animal . get nothin ' to trus ' . do not go tom. stay a ' help . help I . tom ( tiredly ) okay , ma. I should not , though . I know I should not . but okay . rosasharn here come a lot of people . Tom put he head under the quilt . ma turn , face the door , she body protectively between Tom and whatever threaten . bookkeeper' voice how many of you ? migrant voice ten of we . whatcha payin ' ? outside house 63 , the bookkeeper have encounter the newcomer . bookkeeper House 25 . number 's on the door . migrant okay , mister . whatcha payin ' ? bookkeeper two and a half cent . migrant ( angrily ) two a ' a half ! say , mister , a man can not make he dinner on that . bookkeeper take it or leave it . there 's 200 man come from the South that will be glad to get it . migrant but -- but how we gonna eat ? bookkeeper look , I do not set the price . I be just work here . if you want it , take it . if you do not , turn right around and beat it . migrant ( sullenly ) which way be House 25 ? tom ( slowly ) that casy . he might a be a preacher , but - - he see a lot a thing clear . he be like a lantern - - he help my see thing too . ma come night we will get outa here . at night , the truck be back up to the door of House 63 ; it be already load . ma be speak in a low voice to Tom , who be peer out from under a mattress in the truck . ma it 's jus ' till we get some distance . then you can come out . tom I would hate to get * trap * in here . guard voice what 's goin ' on here ? Tom disappear . ma turn , she back to the truck . the guard play he flashlight on the joad , who stand watch he ominously . PA we be goin ' out . guard what for ? ma we get a job offer -- good job . guard yeah ? let 's have a look at you . ( he play he flashlight on the truck ) be not there another fella with you ? al you mean that hitch-hiker ? Little short fella with a pale face ? guard I guess that 's what he look like . al we just pick he up on the way in . he go away this mornin ' when the rate drop . guard ( think hard ) what would he look like again ? al short fella . pale face . guard be he bruise up this mornin ' ? about the face ? al I do not see nothin' . guard ( reluctantly ) okay . go on . quickly , Al be in the driver 's seat , with ma and pa beside he . the truck rattles into motion and move down the street . at the gate to the ranch another guard flash a light as Al stop the car . second guard goin ' out for good ? al yeah . goin ' north . get a job . second guard okay . he open the gate and the truck go through . it turn from the gravel road onto the paved highway . in the front seat of the truck : ma you do good , al. just good . Al show he pleased pride in she quiet approval . PA know where we be a-goin ' ? ma ( shaking she head ) do not matter . just get to go -- a ' keep a- goin ' , till we get plenty a distance away from here . the truck be rattling along the highway . next , it be day , and the truck be still churn along . in the front seat , Tom be drive , he cap pull as far down as possible over he wounded cheek . rosasharn have take pa 's place and be lean wearily against ma 's shoulder . rosasharn ma ... you know , if connie be here I would not minute ' any a this . ma I know , honey , a ' just as soon as we get settle Al 's gonna set out a ' look for he . how ' bout gas , Tommy ? tom full up . uncle John come through with five buck he be hol ' in ' out on we since we lef ' home . the truck keep move along . then it be night , and the truck be still make distance . on a country road , in grey dawn , with a deafen clank under the hood , the joad truck pull to a stop off the side of the road . Al be drive . asleep in Tom 's arm in the front seat , ma stir awake as Al turn off the ignition and get out . he lift the hood . tom she 's hotter and a heifer . al fan-belt 's shot . he pull out the piece . Tom get out and take off the radiator cap . there be a geyser of steam . in the back of the truck the other stand look on , sleepy - eye . tom ( look around ) pick a nice place for it , too , do not she ? they all look around . at first they find nothing in sight . Al and Tom look at each other in disgust . tom any gas ? al gallon or two ? tom ( whistling ) well , look like we do it this time awright ! rosasharn ( stand in truck ) Tommy . ( point ) some smoke up there . all look . Tom climb on the run board the better to see . tom look like about a mile . reckon she will make it ? al she get to make it . ma ( as they get back in ) what be it ? tom do not know -- but it 's better and this . as Al start the truck , the scene dissolves to a weather - beat wooden sign : " permanent camp no . 9 " " dept . of agriculture " we see the gate to the government camp , a wide gate in a high wire fence , with a caretaker 's shack to one side of the gate . the caretaker stand beside he shack as the joad truck swing off the road , hit a unnotice rut that bounce the whole truck off the ground , and stop . caretaker ( mildly ) you hit 'er too fast . in the front seat Al lean angrily out of the driver 's window . Tom be keep he face away from the caretaker 's line of vision . al what 's the idea of that ? caretaker ( chuckle ) well , a lot a kid play in here . you tell folk to go slow and they liable to forget . but let them hit that hump once and they do not forget ! Al start climb out . pa jump down from the truck . al get any room here for we ? caretaker ( nodd ) you be lucky . fellow just move out half - hour ago . ( point ) down that line and turn to the leave . you will see it . you will be in no. 4 sanitary unit . ma what 's that ? caretaker toilet and shower and washtub . ma you mean you get * washtub ?* a ' runnin ' water ? caretaker yes , mar 'am . ( to Al ) Camp committee will call on you in the morning and get you fix . al ( quickly ) cop ? caretaker no . no cop . folk here elect they own cop . ( to ma ) the lady ' committee will call on you , mar 'am , about the kid and the sanitary unit and who take care of them . ( to Al ) come inside and sign up . as ma , pa , and Al look at each other in almost incredulous bewilderment , Tom climb out of the truck . tom take 'er on down , Al . I will sign . PA we gonna stay , be not we ? tom you be tootin ' we be gonna stay . ( he follow the caretaker into the shack ) inside the shack , Tom enter warily , alert for any indication that either he name or he scar may have be learn and telegraphed here . but the caretaker obviously attaches no significance to either . the shack be bare but for a cot , a table , a chair , and a electric light . the caretaker be seat at the table , pen in hand , a soile ledger open , when Tom enter . caretaker I do not mean to be nosy , y'understand . I just get to have certain information . what 's you name ? tom ( watch he ) joad . Tom joad . caretaker ( write ) how many of you ? the joad truck be see in front of its camp site as the joad descend . al how ' bout it , uncle John ? gotta pitch this tent . JOHN ( groggy with sleep ) I be a-comin ' . ma you do not look so good . JOHN I * be not * so good , but -- I be a-comin ' . inside the caretaker' shack : caretaker Camp site cost a dollar a week , but you can work it out , carry garbage , keep the camp clean -- stuff like that . tom we will work it out . what 's this committee you talkin ' about ? caretaker we get five sanitary unit . each one elect a central committee man . they make the law , a ' what they say go . tom be you aimin ' to tell I that the fella that run this camp be jus ' fella - - campin ' here ? caretaker that 's the way it be . tom ( after a pause ) a ' you say no cop ? caretaker ( shaking he head ) no cop can come in here without a warrant . tom ( marvel ) I can not hardly believe it . Camp I be in once , they burn it out -- the deputy a ' some of they poolroom fella . caretaker they do not get in here . sometimes the boy patrol the fence , especially dance night . tom you get dance too ? caretaker we get the best dance in the county every Saturday night . tom say , who run this place ? caretaker government . tom why be not they more like it ? caretaker ( shortly ) * you * find out , I can not . tom anything like work aroun ' here ? caretaker can not promise you that , but there will be a license agent here tomorrow mornin' , if you want to talk to he . tom ( leave ) ma 's shore gonna like it here . she be not be treat decent for a long time . caretaker ( as Tom be at the door ) that cut you get ? tom ( evenly ) crate fall on I . caretaker better take care of it . store manager will give you some stuff for it in the morning . goodnight . tom goodnight . as he exit we see the government camp , with Tom come out of the shack , amazement still on he face . as he walk slowly down the main camp street we share the revelation of the place to he . it be nearly daylight . rooster crow in the distance . the street be neat and orderly in a military way , its cleanliness in sharp contrast to anything he have know before . Inside the tent people be stir . in front of one tent a woman be cooking breakfast . a baby be in she arm . tom good mornin ' . woman mornin ' . as he walk on , Tom draw a breath of exultation . as he move on , look around , we see the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 , a cheap frame building the purpose of which be pretty obvious . ruthie , warily alert lest she be catch , be peer in the door . she look a long time and then she run out of the scene . winfield be see asleep in a quilt on the ground when ruthie enter and roust he out . ruthie ( in a excited whisper ) git up . I get sump and to show you . winfield ( sleepily ) whatsa matter ? ruthie ( tug he ) it 's they white thing , make outa dish -stuff , like in the catalogue ! he stumble after she . the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 . ruthie be put on a bold front as she lead winfield into sight but she be still alert for interference . ruthie come on . ai not nobody gonna say anything . winfield wo not they ketch we ? he follow she into the unit , big -ey with excitement and apprehension . there be a silence . then : ruthie' voice they 's where you wash you ha n's . another silence . then : winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( uncertainly ) well , I reckon you * stan ' * in they little room -- a ' water come down outa that there little jigger up there -- take a bath ! another silence . then : winfield voice ( excitedly ) jes ' like in the catalogue , be not they ! ruthie' voice ( proudly ) I see them b'fore you do . winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( in alarm ) now do not you go monk 'ing -- there be the sound of a toilet flush . it be a cheap toilet and it be a loud flush which eventually end in a long refilling of the tank just as loudly . there be a paralyze silence . then : ruthie' voice now you do it ! you bust it ! winfield voice I never -- terrify , winfield come dash out of the unit but ruthie grab he just outside the door . beginning to cry , he struggle to get away . winfield lemme go ! I do not go to do it ! ruthie ( fiercely ) keep qui'te , will ya ! shet you mouth ! winfield ( weep ) I never know it ! all I do be pull that string ! ruthie lissen . you do bust it . you hear ? ( they listen to the refilling of the tank ) but lissen here . I will not tell nobody , y'understan ' ? winfield please do not . ruthie I will not -- ( craftily ) -- if you will not tell what * I * do ! he nod quickly . then ruthie begin to walk away with what she fancy be a innocent , nonchalant stroll , yawn casually . sniffle a little , winfield mimic she , a very innocent walk and yawn indeed . the scene dissolves to a ditch . alongside the ditch be some length of concrete pipe . Tom and the two wallace be in the ditch , Tom and Tim pick , wilkie shoveling . tom ( exulting ) if this do not feel good ! wilkie ( chuckle ) wait will about ' leven o'clock , see how good she feel then ! tom seem like a nice frien'ly fella to work for , too . tim lotta this little farmer mighty nice fella . trouble be they be little , they be not get much say -so . tom shore look like my lucky day , anyway . gettin ' some work at las ' . Mr. Thomas , the farmer , a stock man wear a paper sun helmet , enter . his face be worried as he squat down beside the ditch . what he have come to say have take some effort and he be still uncertain and annoyed . the man stop work . thomas lissen here . maybe I be talkin ' myself outa my farm , but I like you fella , so I be gonna tell you . you live in that gov 'ment camp , do not you ? tom ( stiffening ) yes , sir . thomas and you have dance every Saturday night ? wilkie ( smile ) we sure do . thomas well , look out next Saturday night . tim ( suddenly tense ) what you mean ? I belong to the central committee . I get to know . thomas do not you ever tell I tell . tim what be it ? thomas ( angrily ) well , the association do not like the government camp . can not get a deputy in there . can not arrest a man without a warrant . but if there be a big fight , and maybe shoot -- a bunch of deputy could go in and clean out the camp . ( unfold a newspaper ) like last night . lissen . " citizen , angere at red agitator , burn another squatter ' camp , warn agitator to get out of the county . " tom ( sick of the expression ) listen . what * be * this red ? ever ' time you turn aroun ' somebody sayin ' somebody else 's a red . what be this red , anyway ? wilkie ( chuckle ) well , I tell you . they be a fella up the country name King -- get about 30,000 acre a ' a cannery a ' a winery - - a ' he 's all a time talkin ' about red . drivin ' the country to ruin , he say . get to git rid of them , he say . well , they be a young fella jus ' come out a ' he be listenin one day . he kinda scratch he head a ' he say , " Mr. King , what * be * this red you all a time talkin ' about ? " well , sir , Mr. King say , " Young man , a red be any fella that want thirty cent a hour when I be payin ' twenty - five . " thomas ( fretfully ) I be not talkin ' about that one way or the other . all I be say be that there 's go to be a fight in the camp Saturday night . and there 's go to be deputy ready to go in . tom but why ? that fella be not botherin ' nobody . thomas I will tell you why . that folk in to be treat like human . suppose the government close its camp . suppose too many people pass through them . well , when that people go back to the squatter ' camp they will be hard to handle . ( wiping he brow ) go on back to work now . maybe I have talk myself into trouble , but you be folk like we , and I like you . tim ( extend he hand ) nobody will not know who tol ' . we thank you . ( grimly ) a ' they be not gonna be no fight , either . they shake hand . the scene dissolves to the gate to the camp , at night . it be Saturday evening , the night of the dance . glaring electric light hang over the open gate . park jalopy line the highway as the invite guest , small farmer and migrant from other camp and they family , arrive to be greet and check by a committee of three man . committee man ev'nin ' , mar 'am . who would you say invite you ? guest mister an' mizz Clark , they ast we . committee man yes , mar 'am . come right in , mar 'am . there be a air of eager anticipation , of gay celebration , and everyone be in he or she best -- the man in clean wash overall , clean shirt , some with tie , they hair damp and slicked down , the woman in they nicest . through the gate , inside the camp , can be see the outdoor dance floor , brightly light , with the camp musician already tuning up , and around the dance floor score of wide - eye child . inside the gate to the camp , we see wilkie and a dark - complexion man name jule stand among a group inside watch the arrival . they watch sharply , eyeing everyone , listen to every credential . as he employer , Thomas , come through the gate with he wife , wilkie grin and greet he with a handshake . wilkie hidy , Mr. Thomas . hidy , mizz Thomas . thomas ( sotto voce ) you watch out , be not you ? wilkie ( grin ) do not you worry . ai not gonna be no trouble . thomas I hope you know what you be talk about . ( he move away , wilkie grin after he ) we see the dance floor , and after three pat of the foot , to get the tempo , the home talent dance orchestra swing into music . inside the joad tent , rosasharn dress in she nicest , sit grip she hand together , the music seem to bring she to the verge of tear . rosasharn ma ... ( ma turn from drying dish ) ma , I -- I can not go to the dance . I jus ' can not ma. I can not hardly stan ' it , with connie not here - - a ' I this way . ma ( try to cheer she ) why , honey , it make folk happy to see a girl that way -- make folk sort of giggly a ' happy . rosasharn ( miserably ) I can not he 'p it , ma . it do not make * I * giggly a ' happy . drying she hand , ma sit beside rosasharn and take she in she arm . ma ( tenderly ) you a ' I 's goin ' together - - jus ' you a ' I . we be a- goin ' to that dance a ' we be a- goin ' to jus ' set a ' watch . if anybody say to come dance -- why I will say you be poorly . but you a ' I , we be gonna hear the music a ' see the fun . rosasharn a ' you will not let nobody touch I ? ma no -- a ' look what I get for you . smiling mysteriously , ma fish in a pocket in she dress and bring out the envelope of she treasure . from it she produce the earring and hold they up in front of rosasharn 's wide eye . ma ( softly ) I use to wear this -- when you pa come callin ' on I . ( then as she put they on rosasharn 's ear ) you will look pretty in them tonight . they smile at each other , proud in the luxury of ornament . down the road from the gate a touring car with six man pull of the pavement and stop . Three man get out . they be barehead and dress similar to the other migrant . they stroll down the highway toward the gate . the other man , deputy , sit watch they . within the gate : wilkie they tell I you be half injun . you look all injun to I . jule no , jes ' half . wisht I be full - blooded . gov'ment would be lookin ' out for I a ' I would be ridin ' around in a buick eight . the three man from the touring car be at the gate . wilkie and jule watch they . committee man who give you the invitation ? man fella name jackson--buck Jackson . committee man okay . come on in . the three man stroll past wilkie and jule , whose eye follow they . jule they 's we fella . wilkie how you know ? jule jes ' get a feelin' . they be kinda scared too . follow them a ' get a holt of Jackson . see if he know them . I will stay here . wilkie move after they . we see the dance floor . the musician be at it and the fiddler be call turn . fiddler swing you lady a ' a dol ce do . join han 's roun ' a ' away we go ! swing to the right a ' a swing to the lef ' . break , now break -- back to back ! well in front , among the older folk and child who surround the floor , be ma and rosasharn , cling close . a young man stop in front of they . ma ( quietly ) thank you kin'ly but she be not well . as rosasharn 's eye drop . ma bend toward she , a shy smile on she face . ma maybe you would not think it , but you pa be as nice a dancer as I ever see , when he be young . ( with a little sigh ) kinda make I think a ol ' time . the three man stroll into sight and stand watch the dance . one glance at ma and rosasharn but do not speak . ma have smile back at he . wilkie and jackson be see ; remove somewhat from the dance floor they be peer in the direction of the three man . jackson I see them before . worked at gregorio 's with them . but I never ast them . wilkie awright . keep you eye on them . jus ' keep them in sight , that 's all . ( he move quickly away ) we find ourselves inside tim wallace's tent . the five member of the central committee , Tim wallace , chairman , look grave as a 15 - year - old boy report . boy I see them , Mr. wallace . a car with six man park down by the euc'lyptus tree a ' one with three man on the main road . they get gun , too . I see them . tim thank you , Willie . you do good . ( as Willie exit ) well , it look like the fat 's in the far this time . first man ( angrily ) what they deppity want to hurt the camp for ? how come they can not leave we be ? second man what we oughta do , we oughta git we some pickhandle a ' -- tim ( quickly ) no ! that 's what they want . no sir . if they can git a fight goin ' , then they can run in the cop a ' say we be not orderly -- ( he stop as wilkie enter follow by Tom ) wilkie they be here . we get them spot . there be a grim pause at this news . Tim 's eye go hard . tim ( to Tom ) you sure you get ever 'thing ready ? tom ( calmly ) ai not gonna be no trouble . tim ( worriedly ) you be not to hurt they fella . wilkie ( grin ) you do not have to worry . we get ever 'thing arrange . maybe nobody will even see it . tim just do not use no stick nor no knife , no piece a arn . a ' if you get to sock them , sock them where they will not bleed . tom yes , sir . tim awright . a ' if she get outa han ' , I will be in the right han ' corner , this side the dance floor . tom ( blandly ) ai not gonna get outa ha and . wilkie make a mock military salute as he and Tom exit . the committee man look worriedly after they . first man mighty sure a themselves , look like . tim all I hope , I hope they do not kill nobody . in front of the joad tent , dress to kill , be Al , ready for the festivity . he wear a tight - fitting wool suit , a tie on he shirt , yellow shoe , and he hair be damp and slicked down . he rub he hand together in anticipation as he stroll in the direction of the dance floor . at another tent , a blonde girl sit on a box as Al enter . casually he throw open he coat , revealing a vivid stripe shirt . this be design to stun he quarry . al gonna dance tonight ? ( the girl ostentatiously ignore he ) I can waltz . girl ( aloofly ) that 's nothin' -- anybody can waltz . al ( shaking he head ) not like I ! a fat woman thrust she head out of the tent . woman you git right along ! this here girl 's speak for . she 's gonna be marry , a ' she man 's a-comin ' for she . shrugge , Al wink at the girl and move on , step and move he shoulder and snap he finger in time to the music , a very gay fellow indeed . the blonde girl 's eye follow he . then she turn and glance cautiously toward the tent . on the dance floor , we see ma and rosasharn as Tom enter and stand between they . this be during a pause between dance and only a few couple stand on the floor wait for the music to begin again . we also see the three man very casually look around -- but no more casual look than wilkie , stand just behind they , idly whistling . tom ( grin ) she 's gettin ' prettier , ma. ma ( as rosasharn hide she face ) girl with a baby * always * get prettier . the music start again , once more the dancer move onto the dance floor . the three man exchange a glance and step casually to the edge of the dance space , one in the lead . they survey the scene , but for the moment make no further move . the atmosphere be tense . tom ( softly ) Excuse I , ma . ( he move quietly out of the scene , toward the three man ) al , take the blonde girl 's hand , step onto the dance floor . encircle she waist , they begin to dance . they be a smooth , rhythmic couple who move as one be . al well , you say anybody can waltz ... how be * i* doin ' ? blonde girl do not hold I so tight . al ( tongue - in - cheek ) why , I be not hardly touchin ' you ! blonde girl ( squirming ) you be * ticklin ' I !* al ( grab she still closer ) that come from not holdin ' you tight * enough .* blonde girl ( complain but loving it ) now I can not breathe . at this moment the leader of the three man ( the other two directly behind he ) enter the scene . leader I will dance with this girl . al ( angrily ) you a ' who else ? behind the three man a solid wall of migrant be close in quietly , Tom and wilkie in the middle . leader do not gimme no argament -- ( a shrill whistle sound in the distance ) -- you little -- his fist go back , he leave hand reach for Al 's collar . at the same instant Tom grab he , wilkie clap he hand over the leader 's mouth , at least fifteen other man have similarly collard the other two invader , and they be all lift bodily . there be not a sound as the three man , hold in iron grip , be whisk from the dance floor and into the crowd . two touring car have stop in front of the close gate and the deputy have draw gun . driver open up ! we hear you get a riot . caretaker riot ? I do not see no riot . who be you ? driver deputy sheriff . caretaker get a warrant ? driver we do not need a warrant if it 's a riot . caretaker well , I do not know what you gonna do about it , because I do not hear no riot a ' I do not see no riot , a ' what 's more I do not believe they * be * no riot . ( waving toward the dance floor ) look for yourself . as the deputy , puzzle and uncertain , look toward the dance floor , we see the music , the dance , the gaiety continue as if nothing have happen . within the joad tent at night , several hour later : the tent be black , Tom strike a match . from a piece of wood on the ground or floor he select one from several cigarette butt and light it . while he be do so , he lift he head suddenly , and listen . in the camp STREET we catch sight of leg walk , the ground light from a flashlight . two pair of the leg wear state policeman 's leather legging . the third pair be the caretaker 's . they stop behind a car . the flashlight play on the license plate . one of the state cop lean down to copy the license number in a booklet . then they move on . tom have lift the edge of the tent a trifle , enough to see out by flatten he head on the floor . the legs be now see at the joad jalopy . the light be on the license plate . the cop lean over and copy the number . they move on . tom , lowering the edge of the tent , sit up . quietly he push aside the piece of carpet that cover he . he be wear he clothes . we see the policeman 's car at the caretaker 's hut . the two policeman get into the car . caretaker you get no right to arrest anybody without a warrant , you know . first cop we will have a warrant -- just as soon as we check with headquarters . the car drive off , leave the caretaker look somberly after it . within the joad tent , he cap on , fully dress for travel , Tom be tie the end of the carpet into a shoulder bundle . rising , he sling it across he shoulder . as he tiptoe toward the door : ma ai not you gonna tell I goodbye , Tommy ? for a moment he look into the darkness in she direction . tom I do not know , ma . I do not know if I ought . she have rise , pull the quilt around she . he take she by the hand . tom come outside . they go out . Tom lead ma around behind the tent , to a section of wire fence . there be a bench there . Tom lead ma to it and sit she down . he sit beside she . tom they be some cop here , ma . they be takin ' down the license number . it look like somebody know sump and . ma ( softly ) it have to come , I reckon , soon or later . tom I would like to stay . I would like to be with ya - - ( smile ) -- a ' see you face when you a ' pa get settle in a nice little place . I sure wish I could see you then . but -- ( shaking he head ) -- I guess I will not never be able to do that . not now . ma I could hide you , Tommy . tom ( touch she hand ) I know you would , ma. but I be not gonna let you . you hide somebody that 's kilt a man a ' ... a ' you would be in trouble too . ma ( touch he face with she finger ) awright , Tommy . what you figger you gonna do ? tom ( thoughtfully ) you know what I be thinkin ' about , ma? about casy . about what he say , what he do , a ' about how he die . a ' I remember all of it . ma he be a good man . tom I be thinkin ' about we , too -- about we people livin ' like pig , a ' good rich lan ' layin ' fallow , or maybe one fella with a million acre , while a hundred thousan ' farmer be starvin' . a ' I be wonderin ' if all we folk get together a ' yell -- ma ( frighten ) Tommy , they will drive you , a ' cut you down like they do to casy . tom they gonna drive I anyways . soon or later they will get I , for one thing if not another . until then ... ma you do not aim to kill nobody , Tom ! tom no , ma. not that . that be not it . but long as I be a outlaw , anyways , maybe I can do sump and . maybe I can jus ' fin ' out sump and . jus ' scrounge aroun ' a ' try to fin ' out what it be that 's wrong , a then see if they be not sump and could be do about it . ( worriedly ) but I be not think it out clear , ma. I can not . I do not know enough . ma ( after a pause ) how be I gonna know ' bout you ? they might kill you a ' I would not know . they might hurt you . how be I gonna know ? tom ( laugh uneasily ) well , maybe it 's like casy say , a fella be not get a soul of he own , but on 'y a piece of a big soul - - the one big soul that belong to ever 'body -- a ' then ... ma then what , Tom ? tom then it do not matter . then I will be all aroun ' in the dark . I will be ever ' where - - wherever you look . wherever there 's a fight so hungry people can eat , I will be there . wherever there 's a cop beatin ' up a guy , I will be there . I will be in the way guy yell when they be mad - - a ' I will be in the way kid laugh when they be hungry a ' they know supper 's ready . a ' when we people eat the stuff they raise , a ' live in the house they build , why , I will be there too . ma ( slowly ) I do not understan ' it , Tom . tom ( drily ) I neither . ( rising ) it 's jus ' stuff I be thinkin ' about . gimme you han ' , ma. good-by . ( he climb over the fence ) ma good-by , tom. later -- when it 's blow over -- you will come back ? you will try to fin ' we ? tom sure. good-by . ma good-by , Tommy . he walk away . she stand look after he . he 's leave she forever -- she know it . she lift she hand and wave . she try to smile . tom turn , wave , smile . his lip form the word : " good - by , ma . " then he stride away into the darkness . the scene fade out . the joad truck fade in . it stand load in front on the joad tent while Al , pa , uncle John , ma , and the little fella pile in the last article in a fury of excitement . Beyond , in the background , another jalopy be be prepare for travel with the same feverish haste . it be day . al , PA , JOHN ( ad lib ) get they bucket on ! somebody tie down the mattress ! you little fella keep outa the way ! man ( from the other truck , gaily ) what y'all hurryin ' so for ? tell I they get twenny day work . PA yes , sir , a ' we aim to git in all twenny of them . other jalopy in the background be be readied for leave -- a excited , hopeful exodus on a new report of work . al ready , ma ? ma I will get rosasharn . PA ( beam ) all aboard , ever 'body ! all aboard for fresno ! ma come out of the tent support rosasharn tenderly . for the plumpness have go from the girl and she be thin again , she face draw and unhappy , she eye swollen with weep and suffer . ma ( softly ) try to be strong , honey . someday it will be diff'rent -- someday you will have another one . you be still jus ' a little girl , remember . pa take rosasharn 's other arm . he and Al and uncle John help rosasharn onto the truck . she lie down on the mattress , she face away from they . PA make she easy , John . watch she . ma she will be awright . al ( in the driver 's seat ) ready , pa ? PA ( as he and ma climb in the front seat ) let 'er go , gallagher ! the truck wabbles into motion . Al race the engine . it nearly crash another wheeze jalopy at the corner . when it turn the corner we see the gate , and a line of load jalopy that ride out to the highway . the caretaker wave and the migrant wave back . caretaker good luck to you ! good luck , ever 'body ! the joad good-by , Mr. conway ! much oblige to you for ever'thing ! the joad truck turn onto the highway . in the front seat Al be drive , ma in the middle , pa on the outside . al twenty day work , oh boy ! PA be glad to get my han ' on some cotton . that 's the kin ' a pickin ' I understan ' . ma maybe . maybe twenny day work , maybe * no * day work . we be not get it till we get it . al ( grin ) whatsa matter , ma? gettin ' scared ? ma ( smile faintly ) no . ai not ever gonna be scared no more . ( after a pause ) I be , though . for a while I think we be beat --* good * a ' beat . look like we do not have nothin ' in the worl ' but enemy -- be not * no * body frien'ly anymore . it make I feel bad a ' scared too - - like we be lose ... a ' nobody care . al watch I pass that chevvy . PA ( soberly ) you the one that keep we goin ' , ma . I be not no good any more , a ' I know it . seem like I spen ' all my time this day a- thinkin ' how it use 'tat be -- thinkin ' of home - - a ' I be not never gonna see it no more . ma place she hand on one of pa 's and pat it . ma woman can change better and a man . man life in jerk -- baby bear , or somebody die , that 's a jerk -- get a farm , or lose one , an' that 's a jerk . with a woman it 's all one flow , like a stream , little eddyy , little waterfall , but the river it go right on . woman look at it like that . al ( at the jalopy ahead ) look at that ol ' coffeepot steam ! PA ( think of what ma say ) maybe , but we shore takin ' a beatin' . ma ( chuckle ) I know . maybe that make we tough . Rich fella come up a ' they die , an' they kid be not no good , a ' they die out . but we keep a-comin ' . we be the people that live . can not nobody wipe we out . can not nobody lick we . we will go on forever , pa . we be the people . ( she say this with a simple , unaffected conviction ) the truck , steaming and rattling and churn , pass the chevrolet and Al lean out of the window and wave a jeer hand at it . as the joad truck pull in front , we see ruthie and winfield laugh with excitement over the triumph . even uncle John share the general satisfaction . grinning , he wave . as the truck move away along the road , all three and beam and wave . further along the truck pass a sign on the side of the road . it say no help wanted . the scene fade out . the end " the grape of wrath " screenplay by nunnally Johnson base on the novel " the grape of wrath " by John steinbeck a oklahoma pave highway in daylight . at some distance , hoof down the highway , come Tom joad . he wear a new stiff suit of clothes , ill-fitting , and a stiff new cap , which he gradually manage to break down into something comfortable . he come down the leave side of the road , the better to watch the car that pass he . as he approach , the scene change to a roadside short - order restaurant on the right side of the road . from it come the sound of a phonograph play a 1939 popular song . in front of the eatery be a huge diesel truck label : oklahoma CITY transport company . the driver , a heavy man with army breech and high - lace boot , come out of the restaurant , the screen door slamm behind he . he be chew on a toothpick . a waitress appear at the door , behind the screen . waitress when you be back ? driver couple a week . do not do nothin ' you would not want I to hear about ! we see he climb into the cab of the truck from the right side . get behind the wheel , he be release the handbrake when Tom appear at the driver 's seat window . tom how about a lift , mister ? driver can not you see that sticker ? he indicate a " no rider " sticker on the windshield . tom sure I see it . but a good guy do not pay no attention to what some heel make he stick on he truck . after a moment of hesitation the driver release the brake . driver scrunch down on the run board till we get around the bend . as Tom scrunches down on the run board the driver throw the truck into gear and it move . the scene dissolves to the cab of the truck . it be day , and Tom be seat beside the driver , who be surreptitiously eyeing he , try to confirm some suspicion -- a inspection which Tom ignore at first . driver goin ' far ? tom ( shaking he head ) just a few mile . I would a walk she if my dog be not poope out . driver lookin ' for a job ? tom no , my old man get a place , forty acre . he 's a sharecropper , but we be there a long time . driver ( after a curious glance ) oh ! cautiously , the driver 's eye drop to Tom 's foot . we see tom' shoe . they be prison shoe - - new , stiff and bulky . curiosity be in the eye of the driver as they shoot a swift glance at Tom . tom be look straight ahead , with the dead - pan look that prisoner get when they be try to conceal something . the driver be eye take in Tom 's hand and the stiff coat . driver be doin ' a job ? tom yeah . driver I see you hand . you be swinging a pick or a sledge -- that shine up you hand . I notice little thing like that all the time . ( after a pause ) get a trade ? tom ( evenly ) why do not you get to it , buddy ? driver ( uneasily ) get to what ? tom you know what I mean . you be givin ' I a goin ' over ever since I get in . why not you go on and ask I where I be ? driver I do not stick my nose in nobody 's business . tom naw -- not much ! driver ( a little frighten ) I stay in my own yard . tom ( without emotion ) listen . that big nose of yours be goin ' over I like a sheep in a vegetable patch . but I be not keepin ' it a secret . I be in the penitentiary . be there four year . like to know anything else ? driver you be not get to get sore . tom ( coldly ) go ahead . ask I anything you want . driver I do not mean nothing . tom I neither . I be just tryin ' to get along without shovin ' anybody around , that 's all . ( after a pause ) see that road up ahead ? driver yeah . tom that 's where I get off . with a sigh of relief the driver put he foot on the brake . the truck stop and Tom get out . he look at the uneasy driver contemptuously . tom you be about to bust to know what I do , be not you ? well , I be not a guy to let you down . ( confidentially ) homicide ! the driver throw the truck into gear . he do not like this at all . driver I never ask you ! tom ( as the truck move away ) sure , but you would a throw a fit if I have not tol ' you . he look indifferently after the truck and then start on foot down the dirt crossroad . a wind have begin to blow . the scene dissolves to the roadside under a willow tree in daylight . the wind be still blow . sitting on the ground , he back against the tree , casy , a long , lean man in overall , blue shirt , and one sneaker , be fix something on the other dirty sneaker . to the tune of " yes , Sir , that 's my baby " he be absent- mindedly sing . casy mmmmm he 's my saviour . mmmmm my saviour , mmmmmmmmmm my saviour now . ( look up as Tom come down the road ) howdy , friend . carry he coat under he arm , tom wipe he face with he cap as he cut off the road to acknowledge the greeting . tom howdy . he stop , grateful for the momentary relief of the shade . casy say , be not you young Tom joad - - ol ' Tom 's boy ? tom ( surprised ) yeah . on my way home now . casy well , I do declare ! ( grinning ) I baptize you , son . tom ( stare ) why , you be the preacher ! casy * use * to be . not no more . I lose the call . ( reminiscently ) but boy , I sure *use * to have it ! I would get a irrigation ditch so squirmin ' full of repent sinner I pretty near * drown * half of them ! ( sigh ) but not no more . I lose the sperit . tom ( with a grin ) pa always say you be never cut out to be a preacher . casy I get nothin ' to preach about no more -- that 's all . I be not so sure o' thing . tom maybe you should a get yourself a wife . casy ( shake he head sadly ) at my meetin 's I use to get the girl glory - shoutin ' till they about pass out . then , I would go to comfort them - - and always end up by lovin ' them . I would feel bad , a ' pray , a ' pray , but it do not do no good . next time , do it again . I figgered there just be not no hope for I . tom I never let one go by I when I could catch she . casy but you be not a preacher . a girl be just a girl to you . but to I they be holy vessel . I be savin ' they soul . ( fervently ) I ast myself -- what *is * this call , the Holy sperit ? maybe * that 's * love . why , I love everybody so much I be fit to bust sometimes ! so maybe there be not no sin a ' there be not no virtue . there 's just what people do . some thing folk do be nice , and some be not so nice . but that 's as far as any man 's get a right to say . tom ( after a moment , figure there be no percentage in continue this philosophical discussion , pull out a flask , which he extend ) have a little snort ? casy ( hold the flask ) course I will say grace if somebody set out the food -- ( shaking he head ) -- but my heart be not in it . ( he take a long pull ) Nice drinkin ' liquor . tom ought to be . that 's fact 'ry liquor . cost I a buck . casy ( hand back the flask ) be out travelin ' around ? tom do not you hear ? it be in the papers . casy no , I never . what ? tom I be in the penitentiary for four year . ( he drink ) casy Excuse I for ask . tom I do not mind any more . I would do what I do again . I kill a guy at a dance . we be drunk . he get a knife in I and I laid he out with a shovel . knocked he head plumb to squash . casy and you be not ashamed ? tom ( shaking he head ) he have a knife in I . that 's why they only give I seven year . get out in four -- parole . casy ai not you see you folk since then ? tom ( put on he coat ) no , but I aim to before sundown . gettin ' kind of excited about it , too . which way you go ? casy ( put on he sneaker ) it do not matter . ever since I lose the sperit it look like I just as soon go one way as the other . ( rising ) I will go you way . they pause at the edge of the shade , squint up at the sky , and then move off . the scene dissolves to the surface of a dirt road by daylight . leave be scuttling across it . the top soil begin to fly up . it be not a hard wind as yet , but it be steady and persistent . Tom 's and casy 's foot walk into sight . tom maybe ma will have pork for supper . I be not have pork but four time in four year -- every Christmas . casy I will be glad to see you pa . last time I see he be at a baptizin ' , a ' he have one a the bigge ' dose of the Holy sperit I ever see . he go to jumpin ' over bush , howlin ' like a dog-wolf in moon - time . fin'ly he pick hisself out a bush big as a piana a ' he let out a squawk a ' take a run at that bush . well , sir , he clear she but he bust he leg snap in two . they be a travellin ' dentist there and he set she , an' I give she a prayin ' over , but they be not no more Holy sperit in you pa after that . tom ( worriedly ) lissen . this wind 's fixi not to * do * somepin ' ! casy shore it be . it always be , this time a year . Tom , hold he cap on he head with he hand , look up ... the top of the tree be bend before the wind . tom and casy continue walk . casy be it fur ? tom ( still look back ) just around that next bend . tom and casy be almost be blow along and dust be rise from the road . casy ( lift he voice above the wind ) you granma be a great one , too . the third time she get religion she go it so powerful she knock down a full - grow deacon with she fist . tom ( point ahead ) that 's we place . the joad cabin be a ancient , bleak , sway - back building . there be neither sign of life or habitation about it . casy ( look back ) and it be not any too close , either ! we better run ! a dust STORM , like a black wall , rise into the sky , move forward . tom and casy be run , but look back over they shoulder as the dust STORM near . Dust rise from the ground to join and thicken the black wall . tom and casy be see racing down the road to the cabin , the wind whipping up the dust . the two man smack open the door and slam it shut after they . the screen begin to grow dark as the storm sweep over the land . it become black . in the cabin , it be black too , but the sound be different . in addition to the sound of the wind there be the soft hiss of sand against the house . tom' voice ma ?... pa ?... ai not nobody here ? ( after a long silence ) somepin 's happen . casy' voice you get a match ? tom' voice there be some piece of candle always on a shelf . presently , after shuffle about , he have find they and light one . he hold it up , lighting the room . a couple of wooden box be on the floor , a few miserable discard thing , and that 's all . Tom 's eye be bewilder . tom they be all go -- or dead . casy they never write you nothing ? tom no . they be not people to write . from the floor he pick up a woman 's high button shoe , curl up at the toe and break over the instep . tom this be ma' . have them for year . drop the shoe , he pick up a batter feel hat . tom this use to be mine . I give it to grampa when I go away . ( to casy ) you reckon they could be dead ? casy I never hear nothin ' about it . drop the hat , he move with the candle toward the door to the back , the only other room of the cabin . he stand in the doorway , hold the candle high . in the back room the scene move from Tom at the door across the room to the shadow , where a skinny little man sit motionless , wide - eye , stare at Tom . his name be muley . muley Tommy ? tom ( enter ) muley ! where 's my folk , muley ? muley ( dully ) they go . tom ( irritate ) I know that ! but * where * they go ? muley do not reply . he be look up at casy as he enter . tom ( to casy ) this be muley grave . ( to muley ) you remember the preacher , do not you ? casy I be not no preacher anymore . tom ( impatiently ) all right , you remember the * man* then . muley and casy glad to see you again . glad to see you . tom ( angrily ) now where be my folk ? muley go -- ( hastily ) -- over to you uncle John 's . the whole crowd of them , two week ago . but they can not stay there either , because John 's get * he * notice to get off . tom ( bewilder ) but what 's happen ? how come they get to get off ? we be here fifty year -- same place . muley ever 'body get to get off . ever 'body leavin ' , goin ' to California . my folk , you folk , ever 'body 's folk . ( after a pause ) ever 'body but I . I be not gettin ' off . tom but who do it ? muley listen ! ( impatiently Tom listen to the storm ) that 's some of what do it -- the duster . start it , anyway . blowin ' like this , year after year -- blowin ' the land away , blowin ' the crop away , blowin ' we away now . tom ( angrily ) be you crazy ? muley ( simply ) some say I be . ( after a pause ) you want to hear what happen ? tom that 's what I ask you , be not it ? muley be see at close range . not actually crazy , muley be a little touch . his eye rove upward as he listen to the sound of the storm , the sough of the wind and the soft hiss of the sand . then ... muley the way it happen -- the way it happen to I -- the man come one day ... the scene dissolves to muley' dooryard . it be a soft spring day , with the peaceful sound of the country . seat in a three - year- old touring car be the man , a city man with a collar and tie . he hate to do what he be do and this make he gruff and curt , to hide he misgiving . squatted beside the car be muley , he son- in - law , and a half - grow son . at a respectful distance stand muley 's wife , he daughter , with a baby in she arm , and a small barefoot girl , watch worriedly . the man soberly trace mark on the ground with small stick . a hound dog sniff at the automobile wheel . the man fact of the matter , muley , after what they duster do to the land , the tenant system do not work no more . it do not even break even , much less show a profit . one man on a tractor can handle twelve or fourteen of this place . you just pay he a wage and take * all * the crop . muley but we could not * do * on any less and what we share be now . ( look around ) the chillun be not gettin ' enough to eat as it be , and they be so rag we would be shame if ever ' body else 's chillun be not the same way . the man ( irritably ) I can not help that . all I know be I get my order . they tell I to tell you you get to get off , and that 's what I be tell you . muley stand in anger . the two young man pattern after he . muley you mean get off my own land ? the man now do not go blame I . it be not *my * fault . son whose fault be it ? the man you know who own the land -- the shawnee land and cattle company . muley who 's the shawnee land and cattle comp'ny ? the man it be not nobody . it 's a company . son they get a pres'dent , be not they ? they get somebody that know what a shotgun 's for , be not they ? the man but it be not * he * fault , because the * bank * tell he what to do . son ( angrily ) all right . where 's the bank ? the man ( fretfully ) Tulsa . but what 's the use of pick on he ? he be not anything but the manager , and half crazy hisself , try to keep up with he order from the east ! muley ( bewilder ) then who * do * we shoot ? the man ( step on the starter ) brother , I do not know . if I do I would tell you . but I just do not know * who 's * to blame ! muley ( angrily ) well , I be right here to tell you , mister , be not * nobody * go to push I off *my * land ! grampa take up this land seventy year ago . my pa be bear here . we be * all * bear on it , and some of we get kill on it , and some die on it . and that 's what make it ourn -- bein ' bear on it , and workin ' it , and dyin ' on it -- and not no piece of paper with writin ' on it ! so just come on and try to push I off ! the scene dissolves to the back room . the sound of the storm be hear again as Tom and casy watch muley . tom ( angrily ) well ? muley ( without emotion ) they come . they come and push I off . we see muley at close range . muley they come with the cat . tom' voice the what ? muley the cat -- the caterpillar tractor . the scene dissolves to a montage of tractor : tractor loom over hillock , flatten fence , through gully , they driver look like robot , with goggle , dust mask over mouth and nose -- one after the other , crossing and recross as if to convey the impression that this be a invasion of machine - man from some other world . muley' voice and for ever ' one of them ten-fifteen family get throw outa they home -- one hundred folk with no place to live but on the road . the rance , the perrys , the peterse , the joadse - - one after another they get throw out . half the folk you and I know -- throw right out into the road . the one that get I come a month ago . the scene dissolves to muley' farm . we see the back of muley and the two young man stand shoulder to shoulder watch a lumber tractor head straight toward they . it be at some distance . muley hold a shotgun . his son have a baling hook . the son-in - law have a two - by-four . behind they be they cabin . frightened and huddle together be the woman and child . the roar of the tractor come closer . muley ( shouting ) you come any closer and I be gonna blow you right outa that cat ! ( he lift he shotgun ) the tractor continue to lumber along , its driver goggle and black of face where he dust mask do not cover . muley lift he shotgun to he shoulder , and aim . muley I * tol '* you ! the tractor stop . the driver take off he goggle and dust mask . like the other he 's a country boy . his face be sullen . muley be lowering he shotgun . there be a surprise in he face as he recognize the driver . muley why , you be Joe Davis 's boy ! he move forward , follow by he son and son-in - law in the tractor . Davis be wiping he face as they walk toward he . davis I do not like nobody drawin ' a bead on I . muley then what be you doin ' this kind a thing for -- against you own people ? davis for three dollar a day , that 's what I be doin ' it for . I get two little kid . I get a wife and my wife 's mother . they people get to eat . fust and on'y thing I get to think about be my own folk . what happen to other folk be they lookout . muley but this be * my land * , son . do not you understand ? davis ( put he goggle back on ) * use * to be you land . balong to the comp'ny now . we see the womenfolks . a small girl pull she mother 's dress . girl what 's he fixin ' to do , mar ? ma hush ! back to the tractor and the men : muley ( grimly ) have it you own way , son , but just as sure as you touch my house with that cat I be gonna blow you plumb to kingdom come . davis ( contemptuously ) you be not gonna blow nobody nowhere . first place , you would get hang and you know it . for another , it would not be two day before they would have another guy here to take my place . and the tractor roar into slow motion again ... we see the house and tractor . the womenfolks scamper out of the way as the tractor head for a corner of the house . it go over a ramshackle fence and then a feeble little flower bed . muley and the two young man walk along . breathe hard , frighten and desperate , muley be shouting warning at Davis , but the roar of the tractor drown he voice . the dog bark excitedly , snarling at the tractor . the womenfolks stand watch , terrify but dead pan , until a cry burst from muley 's wife . wife do not ! please do not ! the little girl begin to whimper . muley I be tellin ' you ! the tractor move across the yard , nose a chair out of the way , and with a rending of board hit a corner of the house , knock a part of the foundation away . the corner of the house sink . muley lift he shotgun , aim it , hold it , and then slowly lower it . as he stand look at what have happen he shoulder sag . he seem almost to shrink . the scene dissolves to muley , once more in the back room of Tom 's old home , as the sound of the storm continue . muley ( dully ) what be the use . he be right . there be not a thing in the world I could do about it . tom ( bewilder ) but it do not seem possible -- kick off like that ! muley the rest of my fambly set out for the west -- there be not nothin ' to eat -- but I could not leave . somepin ' would not let I . so now I just wander around . sleep wherever I be . I use to tell myself I be lookin ' out for thing , so when they come back ever ' thing would be all right . but I know that wa not true . there be not nothin ' to look out for . and be not nobody comin ' back . they be go -- and I , I be just a 'ol graveyard ghost -- that 's all in the world I be . Tom rise in he agitation and bewilderment . muley you think I be touch . casy ( sympathetically ) no . you be lonely -- but you be not touch . muley it do not matter . if I be touch , I be touch , and that 's all there be to it . tom ( still unable to grasp it all ) what I can not understand be my folk takin ' it ! like mar ! I see she nearly beat a peddler to death with a live chicken . she aim to go for he with a ax she have in the other hand but she get mix up and forget which hand be which and when she get through with that peddler all she have leave be two chicken leg . he look down at muley . muley just a plain 'ol graveyard ghost , that 's all . his eye be dull on the floor . the sound of the dust storm continue strongly . the scene dissolves to the exterior of the cabin at night . it be several hour later and the sound of the storm have fade out . now all be silence as first Tom , then casy , and finally muley step out of the cabin and look around . there be still a slight fog of dust in the air , and cloud of powderlike dust shoot up around they foot . all three man have wet rag tie over they mouth and nose . tom she 's settlin ' . casy what you figger to do ? tom it 's hard to say . stay here till mornin ' a ' then go on over to uncle john' , I reckon . after that I do not know . muley ( grab Tom ) listen ! ( faint sound of motor ) that 's they ! they light ! come on , we get to hide out ! tom ( angrily ) hide out for what ? we be not doin ' nothin' . muley ( terrify ) you be * trespassin ' * ! it be not you lan ' no more ! a ' that 's the supr'tendant -- with a gun ! casy come on , Tom . you be on parole . a car approach at some distance , the headlight move up and down as the car ride a dirt road . a part of the cotton field : muley lead the way . muley all you get to do be lay down a ' watch . tom ( as they lie down ) wo not they come out here ? muley ( snicker ) I do not think so . one come out here once a ' I clipped he from behin ' with a fence stake . they be not bother since . the exterior of the cabin : the car stop . a strong searchlight flash on and go over the cabin . man ( in car ) muley ? ( after a pause ) he be not here . the car move on . tom , casy and muley lie flat , listen to the sound of the car go away . tom anybody ever ' tol I I would be hidin ' out on my own place ...! he whistle , as the scene fade out . dried cornstalk , see by daylight , fade in . the cornstalk , they root blow clean and clear of the earth , lie fall in one direction . this be what have happen to farm that be once rich and green . then uncle John 's cabin come into view . it be just after sunup . the air be fill with country sound -- a shrill chorus of bird , a dog bark in the distance . the cabin be of the same general appearance as the joad cabin but even smaller . smoke curl from the chimney . we see a platter on a table , inside the cabin . the platter be fill with sidemeat . over the scene come ma joad 's voice . ma' voice Lord , make we thankful for what we be about to receive , for his sake . amen . as she speak , a man 's scrawny hand reach forward and sneak out a piece of sidemeat . five people be seat around the breakfast table on chair or box . they be pa , grampa , granma , noah , and uncle John . two child , ruthie and winfield , stand to the table , because there be no more chair . they head be all bent as ma , stand with a fork in she hand between the table and the stove , end the grace . head lift and there be a bustle as ma turn back to the fry pork on the stove and the other truck into they food . granma point a spiteful finger at grampa . granma I see you ! -- you et durin ' grace ! grampa ( indignantly ) one little ole dab ! -- one teeny little ole dab ! ruthie and winfield , though they be shoveling it in , be grin at grampa . ruthie ( in a snicker whisper to winfield ) ai not he messy though ! granma ( viciously ) I see he ! -- gobblin ' away like a ole pig ! grampa why not you keep you eye shet durin ' grace , you ole ... noah be solemnly study a handbill . over he shoulder the handbill can be read : " 800 picker wanted -- work in california " we see noah and uncle JOHN . noah ( who be a half - wit ) what 's it say again ? JOHN say plenty work in California - - peach . eight hundred picker need . noah frown at the print . grampa ( who have mush on he mouth ) wait will I get to California ! gonna reach up and pick I a orange whenever I want it ! or grape . that there 's somethin' I be not * never * have enough of ! gonna get I a whole bunch a grape off a bush and I be gonna squash them all over my face and just let the juice dreen down offen my chin ! granma ( in a feeble bleat ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! grampa ( expand ) maybe I get I a whole * washtub * fulla they grape and jest sit in them and scrooge around till they be go ! ( sigh ) I shore would like to do that ! ruthie and winfield be snicker . ruthie have smear she face with mush . she pull winfield around to see . ruthie ( whisper ) look . I be grampa ! she begin to slobber in mimicry . winfield snicker . at that instant ma enter , unobserve , and without a word give ruthie a fine wallop . nobody else pay any attention to the slap as ma , a bucket in she hand , move on toward the door . we see she now in the backyard , first at the door , then move toward the well . she stop dead still , she eye gaze outward . tom be look at the household goods pile around the yard , to be take to California . casy be in the background . then Tom look up and see ma ( out of the scene ) . his face soften . he move toward she . ma ( softly - - she eye close ) thank God . oh thank God . ( in sudden terror as he approach ) Tommy , you do not * bust * out , didya ? you be not get to hide , have you ? tom no , ma. I be parole . I get my papers . with a sigh and a smile , and she eye full of wonder , she feel he arm . her finger touch he cheek , as if she be blind . swell with emotion , Tom bite he lip to control himself . ma I be so scared we be goin ' away without you -- and we would never see each other again . tom I would a find you , ma. casy , with great politeness , turn he back to the scene and keep well away from it . tom now look around at the dusty furniture pile around the yard . tom muley tol ' I what happen , ma. be we goin ' to California true ? ma we * get * to , Tommy . but that 's gonna be awright . I see the han'bills , about how much work they be , a ' high wage , too . but I gotta fin ' out somepin ' else first , Tommy . ( breathlessly ) do they hurt you , son ? do they hurt you a ' make you mean-mad ? tom ( puzzle ) mad , ma ? ma sometimes they do . tom ( gently ) no , ma I be at first -- but not no more . ma ( not yet quite convinced ) sometimes they do something ' to you , Tommy . they hurt you -- and you get mad -- and then you get mean - - and they hurt you again -- and you get meaner , and meaner -- till you be not no boy or no man any more , but just a walkin ' chunk a mean -mad . do they hurt you like that , Tommy ? tom ( grin ) no , ma. you do not have to worry about that . ma thank god. I -- I do not want no mean son ( she love he with she eye ) at the door , pa be stare toward they , he mouth open . PA ( almost to himself ) it 's Tommy ! ( then shouting inside ) it 's Tommy back ! ( head for Tom ) what would you do , son -- bust out ? inside uncle john' cabin , all but granma be stare toward the door . then all but granma scramble to they foot , head for the door . winfield and ruthie ( in a excited chant ) Tom 's outa ja-ul ! Tom 's outa ja-ul ! grampa I know it ! could not keep he in ! can not keep a joad in ! I know it from the fust ! the child and grampa scramble out first , follow hurriedly but less rowdily by uncle John and noah . granma , aware only that there be some excitement , look interestedly after they but decide against any activity . granma ( vaguely ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! ( she resume eat ) in the backyard , the prodigal son , mother and father proudly beside he , be have he hand wrung by grampa , who vainly try to button various button of he shirt , as always . the two child jump up and down excitedly but be too shy to force themselves into the reception . grampa ( to pa ) you know what I al 'ay say : " Tom will come bustin ' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence . " can not keep no joad in jail ! tom ( grin ) I do not bust out . they lemme out . howya , noah . howya , uncle John . noah and JOHN Fine , Tommy . glad to see you . grampa ( to anybody ) I be the same way myself . put I in jail and I would bust right out . could not hold I ! as Tom chuck the two child under the chin , the rattling roar of a jalopy cause all to turn to look . noah ( confidentially ) bust out ? tom ( shaking he head ) parole . the roar increase . a home-built truck come around the corner of the house . once a Hudson sedan , the top have be cut in two and a truck body construct . it be drive now by Al , and on the front seat with he be rosasharn and connie . the arrival , as the truck move into the yard , increase the excitement , and the scene be a little incoherent with the talk and shouting and the noise of the jalopy . al and rosasharn hi , Tom ! howya doin ' ? tom ( surprised and pleased ) rosasharn ! hi , rosasharn ! howya , Al ! grampa ( wildly ) the jailbird 's back ! the jailbird 's back ! omne hi , ma! hi , connie ! hiya , grampa ! PA ( to Tom ) that 's connie Rivers with she . they be marry now . ( confidentially ) she 's due about three - four month . tom ( marvel ) why , she be not no more and a kid when I go up . al ( eagerly as he jump down ) you bust outa jail , Tom ? tom ( patiently ) naw . they parole I . al ( let down ) oh. rosasharn heh 'o tom. ( proudly ) this be connie , my husband . tom ( shaking hand ) if this do not beat all ! ( chuckle ) well , I see you be busy already ! rosasharn ( gasp ) you do not see either ! -- not yet ! at the whoop of laughter that go up from all , she turn in a fine simulation of maidenly mortification , and throw herself into connie 's arm , hide she face against he chest . after a moment of surprise , a slow , happy , fatuous grin begin to broaden he face . he beam , whereupon they delight increase , the man roaring and jeer and slapping they leg , the woman make modest effort to suppress they amusement . omne lookut he face ! y'see he face ? lookut rosasharn ! y'ever see anything like she face when Tom say it ? look around , rosasharn ! let 's see it again ! a automobile horn sound sharply . they laughter halt as though cut by a knife , they look off . a touring car have stop in the road by the house , the engine still run . one man drive , the other talk . man hey , joad ! John joad ! in the backyard the people be silent , they face without expression , as all gaze toward the touring car . man ai not forget , have you ? JOHN we be not forget . man comin ' through here tomorrow , you know . JOHN I know . we be out . we be out by sunup . the touring car 's engine be still hear after the man drive off . the joad watch the car , they head turn , they eye follow , expressionless . the scene dissolves to the backyard just before dawn . now and then a rooster crow . a couple of lantern light the scene as the man load the truck . it be nearly do , the body pile high but flat with box , and more tie on run board . Al have the hood open and be work on the motor . noah , casy , uncle John , connie , pa , and Tom be at various task . they talk as they work . tom ( to pa ) how you get all this money ? PA sol ' thing , chop cotton - - even grampa . get we about two hunnerd dollar all tol ' . shuck out seventy - five for this truck , but we still get nearly a hunnerd and fifty to set out on . I figger we oughta be able to make it on that . tom ( dryly ) easy . after all , they be not but about * twelve * of we , be they ? al ( proudly close the hood ) she will prob'ly ride like a bull calf -- but she will ride ! PA reckon we better begin roustin' them out if we aim to get outa here by daylight . how about it , John ? how you boy comin ' ? ( he cast a critical eye over the truck ) inside the cabin , ma sit on a box in front of the stove . the fire door be open and the light shine out . the room itself have be pretty well stripped , with only trash and discard thing leave . in ma 's lap be a pasteboard shoebox and she be go through the meager treasure store in it , to see what must go and what she can take with she . her eye be soft and thoughtful as each item bring a memory , but not sad . occasionally she smile faintly . she pull out a letter , look at it , start to throw it into the fire , then put it back in the box . her hand pull out a picture postcard . we see it in ma 's hand . it be a picture of the statue of Liberty . over it : " greeting from New York City . " she turn it over . it be address : " Mrs. joad rfd 254 oklahomy territory . " in the space for a message : " hello honey . willy mae . " ma , after a moment of study it , throw the card into the fire . she lift the letter again , put it back . she pull out a wear newspaper clipping . we see it in ma 's hand . the headline be : " joad get seven year . " ma drop the clipping into the fire . rummaging around , she pull out a small china dog . we see it closely as before . on it be print : " souvenir of Louisiana purchase exposition -- St. Louis -- 1904 . " ma study the dog , smile , remember something that it mean in she life . then she put in in a pocket in she dress . next she pull out some piece of cheap jewelry ; one cuff link , a baby 's signet ring , two earring . she smile at the ring , then pocket it . the cuff link too . the earring she hold for a moment longer , then look around to make sure nobody see , then hold they to she ear , not look into any kind of a mirror , just feel they against the lobe of she ear , as once perhaps she wear they . her eye be grave . tom ( from the door ) how about it , ma ? ma I be ready . Tom disappear . ma look at the earring , and then at the content of the box . she lift out the letter again and look at it . then , without drama , she drop it into the fire . she watch it burn . her eye be still on the flame as she call . ma rosasharn honey ! wake up the chillun . we be fixin ' to leave . the flame die down . in the backyard it be grey dawn . there be a thrill of quiet excitement as they all stand around the load truck , hat on , put on coat . the one miss be ma , rosasharn , the child , and grampa . pa be in charge . PA ( as ma come out of the cabin ) where 's grampa ? Al , go git he . granma ( try to climb in the front seat ) I be gonna sit up front ! somebody he 'p I ! Tom easily lift she up the step . the two child come run out of the house , chant . ruthie and winfield goin ' to California ! goin ' to California ! PA you kid climb up first , on top . ( all obey as he direct ) Al 's gonna drive , ma . you sit up there with he and granma and we will swap around later . granma I be not gonna sit with grampa ! PA connie , you he 'p rosasharn up there alongside ruthie and winfiel ' . ( look around ) where 's grampa ? granma ( with a cackle ) where he al 'ay be , prob'ly ! PA well , leave he a place , but noah , you and John , y'all kinda find yourself a place -- kinda keep it even all around . all have obey and be aboard but pa , Tom , and casy , who be watch the spring flatten out . tom think she will hold ? casy if she do it will be a miracle outa scripture . grampa' voice lemmo go , gol dang it ! lemmo go , I tell you ! all turn . in a corner of the house Al be pull grampa gently but firmly , the old man hold back , and furious . he flail feebly at Al , who hold he head out of the way without effort . al he be not sleepin' . he be settin ' out back a the barn . they 's somepin ' wrong with he . grampa ef you do not let I go -- Al permit grampa to jerk loose and sit down on the doorstep . the old man be miserable and frighten and angry , too old to understand or accept such a violent change in he life . Tom and pa come up to he . the other watch solemnly from they place in the truck . tom what 's the matter , grampa ? grampa ( dully , sullenly ) ai not nothin ' the matter . I just be not a-goin ' , that 's all . PA what you mean you be not goin ' ? we * get * to go . we get no place to stay . grampa I be not talkin ' about you , I be talkin ' about I . and I be a-stayin ' . I give she a good goin ' over all night long -- and I be a-stayin' . PA but you can not * do * that , grampa . this here land be goin ' under the tractor . we * all * get to git out . grampa all but I ! I be a-stayin' . tom how ' bout granma ? grampa ( fiercely ) take she with you ! ma ( get out of the truck ) but who would cook for you ? how would you live ? grampa muley 's livin ' , be not he ? and I be *twicet * the man muley be ! PA ( on he knee ) now listen , grampa . listen to I , just a minute . grampa ( grimly ) and I be not gonna listen either . I tol ' you what I be gonna do . ( angrily ) and I do not give a hoot in a hollow if they 's orange and grape crowdin ' a fella outa bed even , I be not a - goin ' to California ! ( pick up some dirt ) this here 's my country . I b'long * here * . ( look at the dirt ) it be not no good -- ( after a pause ) -- but it 's mine . tom ( after a silence ) ma. pa . ( they move toward the cabin with he ) grampa , he eye hurt and hunt and frighten and bewilder , scratch in the dirt . grampa ( loudly ) and can not nobody * make * I go , either ! ai not nobody here * man * enough to make I ! I be a-stayin ' . all watch he worriedly . inside the cabin : tom either we get to tie he up and * throw * he on the truck , or somepin . he can not stay here . PA can not tie he . either we will hurt he or he will git so mad he will hurt he self . ( after think ) reckon we could git he * drunk * ? tom ai not no whisky , be they ? ma wait . there 's a half a bottle a soothin ' sirup here . ( in the trash in the corner ) it put the chillun to sleep . tom ( taste it ) do not taste bad . ma ( look in the pot ) and they 's some coffee here . I could fix he a cup ... tom that 's right . and douse some in it . PA ( watch ) better give he a good 'un . he 's awful bull - head . ma be already pour coffee into a can as grampa be see . grampa ( mumble defiantly ) if muley can scrabble along , I can do it too . ( suddenly sniff ) I smell sparerib . somebody be eatin ' sparerib ? how come I be not get some ? ma ( from the door ) get some save for you , grampa . get them warmin ' now . here 's a cuppa coffee . grampa ( take the cup ) awright , but get I some a they sparerib , too . get I a whole mess of them . I be hongry . he drink the coffee . pa and Tom watch he . he notice nothing . he take another dram of the coffee . grampa ( amiably ) I shore do like sparerib . he drink again . the scene dissolves to the truck . it be just after dawn . pa , Tom , and noah be lift grampa into the truck . he mumble angrily , but be unconscious of what be happen . PA ( fretfully ) easy , * easy !* you wanta bust he head wide open ? pull he arm , John . grampa ( mumble ) ai not a- goin ' , thas all ... PA put somepin ' over he , so he will not git sun-struck . ( look around ) ever 'body set now ? ( a chorus of response ) awright , Al , letta go ! the engine rattles and roar shakily . grinning with excitement , pa sit down and pat grampa clumsily . PA you be awright , grampa . the truck start to move heavily . casy stand watch it . casy good -by , a ' good luck . PA hey , wait ! hold 'er , Al ! ( the car stop ) ai not you goin ' with we ? casy ( after a pause ) I would like to . there 's something ' happenin ' out there in the wes ' a ' I would like to try to learn what it be . if you feel you get the room ... he stop politely . pa look from one face to the other in the truck -- a swift , silent canvass -- and though no one speak or give any other sign , pa know that the vote be yes . PA ( heartily ) come on , get on , plenty room ! omne sure , come on , casy , plenty room ! quickly he climb aboard . the truck rattles into motion again . PA ( excitedly ) here we go ! tom ( grin ) California , here we come ! as they all look back the desert cabin be see from the depart truck . now we see the family in the truck , as it snort and rattles toward the road -- a study of facial expression as the joad family look back for the last time at they home . connie and rosasharn , whisper , giggle , and slapping , be oblivious of the event . ruthie and winfield be tremble with excitement . but Tom 's and pa 's smile have disappear , and all the man be gaze back thoughtfully and soberly , they mind occupy with the solemnity of this great adventure . in the front seat of the truck . Al be drive . granma be already doze . ma look steadily ahead . al ( grin ) ai not you gonna look back , ma ? -- give the ol ' place a last look ? ma ( coldly shaking she head ) we be goin ' to California , be not we ? awright then , let 's * go * to California . al ( sober ) that do not sound like you , ma . you never be like that before . ma I never have my house push over before . I never have my fambly stick out on the road . I never have to lose ... ever 'thing I have in life . she continue to stare straight ahead . the truck be lumber up onto a paved highway . the scene dissolves to a montage : almost fill the screen be the shield marker of the U.S. highway 66 . superimpose on it be a montage of jalopy , steaming and rattling and pile high with goods and people , as they pull onto the highway , to indicate as much as possible that this departure of the joad family be but part of a mass movement of jalopy and family . the sign of town on U.S. highway 66 flash past -- checotah , oklahoma CITY , bethany . this dissolves to a highway . it be late afternoon . the joad truck pull of the paved highway and stop . the man leap down quickly from the truck , all but pa , who lift grampa in he arm and then lower he slowly , gently into Tom 's arm . in tom be arm grampa be whimper feebly . grampa * ai not * a-goin ' ... be not a-goin ' ... tom ' S all right , grampa . you just kind a tar would , that 's all . somebody fix a pallet . with a quilt pull from the truck ma run ahead as Tom carry grampa toward a clump of wood back off the highway . the other get down soberly from the truck , all but granma , who be doze . Cars pass - a fast car pass a jalopy . Tom be let the old man down gently as ma adjust the quilt on the ground . death be in grampa 's eye as he look up dimly at they . grampa ( a whisper ) thas it , jus ' tar would thas all ... jus ' tar would ... ( he close he eye ) the scene dissolves to a insert of a note . it be write awkwardly in pencil on the flyleaf of a Bible . Tom 's voice recite the word . tom' voice this here be William James joad , dyed of a stroke , old old man . his folk bure he becaw they get no money to pay for funerl . nobody kilt he . jus a stroke a he dyed . a grave , at night . in the clump of wood , light by two lantern , the joad tribe stand reverently around a open grave . have read the note , Tom put it in a small fruit jar and kneel down and , reach into the grave , place it on grampa 's body . tom I figger best we leave something like this on he , lest somebody dig he up and make out he be kilt . ( reaching into the grave ) lotta time look like the gov'ment get more interest in a dead man than a live one . PA not be so lonesome , either , knowin ' he name be there with ' im , not just ' a old fella lonesome underground . tom ( straighten up ) casy , will not you say a few word ? casy I be not no more a preacher , you know . tom we know . but be not none of we folk ever be bury without a few word . casy ( after a pause ) I will say them - - a ' make it short . ( all bow and close eye ) this here ol ' man jus ' live a life a ' jus ' die out of it . I do not know whether he be good or bad , a ' it do not matter much . Heard a fella say a poem once , a ' he say , " all that life be holy . " but I would not pray for jus ' a ol ' man that 's dead , because he 's awright . if I be to pray I would pray for the folk that 's alive a ' do not know which way to turn . grampa here , he be not get no more trouble like that . he 's get he job all cut out for ' im - - so cover ' im up and let ' im get to it . omne amen . the scene fade out . highway 66 , in daylight , fade in : a Oklahoma stretch , revealing a number of jalopy rattling westward . the joad truck approach . in the front seat of the truck Tom be now drive . granma be doze again , and ma be look thoughtfully ahead . ma Tommy . tommy what be it , ma ? ma be not that the state line we just pass ? tom ( after a pause ) yes be , that be it . ma you pa tol ' I you do not ought to cross it if you be parole . say they will send you up again . tom forget it , ma. I get she figgered out . Long as I keep outa trouble , be not nobody gonna say a thing . all I gotta do be keep my nose clean . ma ( worriedly ) maybe they get crime in California we do not know about . crime we do not even know * be * crime . tom ( laugh ) forget it , ma. jus ' think about the nice thing out there . think about they grape and orange - - a ' ever 'body get work -- granma ( waking suddenly ) I gotta git out ! tom first gas station , granma - - granma I gotta git *out* , I tell ya ! I gotta git *out *! tom ( foot on brake ) awright ! awright ! as the truck slow to a stop a motorcycle cop approach after they . look back , Tom see he bear toward they . he look grimly at ma. tom they shore do not waste no time ! ( as granma whine ) take she out . cop ( astraddle he motorcycle ) save you strength , lady . ( to Tom ) get goin ' , buddy . no campin ' here . tom ( relieved ) we be not campin' . we jus ' stoppin ' a minute -- cop lissen , I hear that before -- granma I tell ya I gotta git out ! the cop look startle , puzzle , but Tom shrug a disclaimer for responsibility in that quarter . tom ( mildly ) she 's kinda ol '-- granma ( whimper ) I tell ya -- cop okay , okay ! granma ( triumphantly ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! as ma help granma out the other side , Tom and the cop exchange a glance and snother shrug at the foible of woman and then look studiedly into space . the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the marker of U.S. highway 66 a assortment of roadside sign flash by : bar-b-q , Joe 's eat , Dr. pepper , Gas , coca cola , this highway be patrol , end of 25 mile Zone , lucky strike , use Cars , nutburger , Motel , drive - Inn , free Water , we fix flat , etc . a hand - painted sign read : " camp 50¢ . " it be night . we hear the sound of guitar music . in the camp ground a small wooden house dominate the scene . there be no facility ; the migrant simply pitch makeshift tent and park they jalopy wherever there be a space . it be after supper and a dozen or more man sit on the step of the house listen to connie play a road song on a borrow guitar . the music soften the tired , draw face of the man and drive away some of they shyness . in the dark , outside the circle of light from the gasoline lantern on the porch , some of the woman and child sit and enjoy the luxury of this relative gaiety . the proprietor sit tip back in a straight chair on the porch . we see the joad tent . behind they truck , a tarpaulin be stretch over a rope from tree to tree . granma lie asleep on a quilt , stir fitfully . ma sit on the ground at she head , fan she with a piece of cardboard . rosasharn lie flat on she back , hand clasped under she head , look up at the star . the music come to they pleasantly . rosasharn ma ... all this , will it hurt the baby ? ma now do not you go gettin ' nimsy - mimsy . rosasharn sometimes I be all jumpy inside . ma well , can not nobody get through nine * month * without sorrow . rosasharn but will it -- hurt the baby ? ma they use ' to be a sayin ' : a chile bear outa sorrow will be a happy chile . a ' another : bear outa too much joy will be a doleful boy . that 's the way I always hear it . rosasharn you do not ever get scairt , do you , ma ? ma ( thoughtfully ) sometimes . a little . only it be not scairt so much . it 's just waitin ' a ' wonderin' . but when sump and happen that I get to do sump and -- ( simply ) -- I will do it . rosasharn do not it ever scare you it will not be nice in California like we think ? ma ( quickly ) no . no , it do not . I can not do that . I can not let m'self . all I can do be see how soon they gonna wanta eat again . they would all get upset if I do anymore and that . they all depen ' on I jus ' thinkin ' about that . ( after a pause ) that 's my part -- that a ' keepin' the fambly together . as the music end we see a group on the porch step . the man murmur approbation of connie 's play . PA ( with quiet pride ) thas my son-in- law . first man sing real nice . what state y'all from ? PA Oklahoma . have we a farm there , share - croppin ' . tom till the tractor druv we out . first man we from Arkansas . I have I a store there , kind of general notion store , but when the farm go the store go too . ( sigh ) Nice a little as you ever see . I shore do hate to give it up . PA ( profoundly ) Wal , y'cai not tell . I figure when we git out there a ' git work a ' maybe git we a piece a growin ' lan ' near water it might not be so bad at that . other men thas right ... payin ' good wage , I hear ... ever 'body get work out there ... can not be no worse ... as they talk , a second man , stand on the edge of the group , begin to grin bitterly . he be much more rag than the other . second man you folk must have a pot a money . the group turn to look at the man . PA ( with dignity ) no , we be not get no money . but they 's plenty of we to work , a ' we be all good man . get good wage out there a ' put it all together a ' we will be awright . the man begin to snigger and then to laugh in a high whinneying giggle which turn into a fit of cough . all of the man be watch he . second man good wage , eh! pickin ' orange a ' peach ? PA ( quietly ) we gonna take whatever they get . tom what 's so funny about it ? second man ( sniggering again ) what 's so funny about it ? I just * be * out there ! I be a ' * see * it ! a ' I be goin ' * back * to starve -- because I ruther starve all over at once ! PA ( angrily ) whatta you think you be talkin ' about ? I get a han'bill here say good wage , an' I see it in the papers they need picker ! second man awright , go on ! ai not nobody stoppin ' ya ! PA ( pull out handbill ) but what about this ? second man I be not gonna fret you . go on ! tom wait a minute , buddy . you jus ' do some jackassin ' ! you be not gonna shut up now . the han'bill say they need man . you laugh a ' say they do not . now which one 's a liar ? second man ( after a pause ) how many you ' all get they han'bills ? come on , how many ? at least three - quarter of the man worriedly reach into they pocket and draw out wear and fold handbills . PA but what do * that * prove ? second man look at them ! same yella han'bill -- 800 picker want . awright , this man want 800 man . so he print up 5,000 a they han'bills a ' maybe 20,000 people see them . a ' maybe two - three thousan ' start movin , wes ' account a this han'bill . two - three thousan ' folk that 's crazy with worry headin ' out for 800 job ! do that make sense ? there be a long worried silence . the proprietor lean forward angrily . proprietor what be you , a troublemaker ? you sure you be not one a they labor fake ? second man I swear I be not , mister ! proprietor well , do not you go roun ' here tryin ' to stir up trouble . second man ( draw himself up ) I try to tell you folk sump and it take I a year to fin ' out . take two kid dead , take my wife dead , to show I . but nobody could not tell I neither . I can not tell ya about they little fella layin ' in the tent with they belly puffed out a ' jus ' skin on they bone , a ' shiverin ' a ' whinin ' like pup , a ' I runnin ' aroun ' tryin ' to get work -- ( shouting ) -- not for money , not for wage -- jus ' for a cup a flour a ' a spoon a lard ! a ' then the coroner come . " they child die a heart - failure , " he say , a ' put it in he paper . ( with wild bitterness ) heart -failure ! -- a ' they little belly stick out like a pig-bladder ! he look around at the man , try to control he emotion , and then he walk away into the darkness . there be a uneasy silence . first man well -- gettin ' late . get to get to sleep . they all rise as at a signal , all move and worried by the second man 's outburst . tom , PA and casy move away , worry on they face . PA s'pose he 's tellin' the truth -- that fella ? casy he 's tellin' the truth awright . the truth for he . he be not makin ' nothin ' up . tom how about we ? be that the truth for we ? casy I do not know . PA ( worriedly ) how can you tell ? the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the rattling joad truck the sign of town flash by : amarillo , vega , glenrio . the truck be see on the highway . it be now mountain country -- New Mexico . then it be see at a gas station . it be a cheap two - pump station , hand - paint , dreary , dusty . huddle next to it be a hamburger stand . in front of the hamburger stand be a truck label : new mexico van and storage company . the joad be pile out of they truck . directed by ma , noah lift granma out . the two child scamper around shriek because they leg have go to sleep . Al be prepare to put water in the radiator . pa take out a deep leather pouch , unty the string , and begin calculate he money as the fat proprietor advance . fat man ( truculently ) you folk aim to buy anything ? al need some gas , mister . fat man get any money ? al whatta you think : -- we 's beggin ' ? fat man I just ast , that 's all . tom ( evenly ) well , ask right . you be not talkin ' to bum , you know . fat man ( appeal to heaven ) all in the worl ' I do be ast ! inside the hamburger stand , a standard cheap eatery , bert be do the short order and mae be handle the counter . a nickel phonograph be play a tune . Bill , a truck driver , sit at the counter ; he partner , Fred , be play a slot machine . bill kinda pie y'got ? mae banana cream , pineapple cream , chocolate cream - - and apple . bill cut I off a hunk a that banana cream , and a cuppa java . fred make it two . mae two it be . ( smirk ) see any new etchin 's lately , Bill ? bill ( grin ) well , here 's one be not bad . Little kid come in late to school . teacher say -- he stop . pa be peer in the screen door . beside he ruthie and winfield have they nose flatten against the screen . mae look at pa. mae yeah ? PA could you see you way clear to sell we a loaf of bread , mar 'am . mae this be not a groc'ry store . we get bread to make san'widge with . PA I know , mar 'am ... on 'y it 's for a ole lady , no tooth , gotta sof and it with water so she can chew it , a ' she 's hongry . mae why not you buy a san'wich ? we get nice san'widge . PA ( embarrassed ) I shore would like to do that , mar 'am , but the fack be , we be not get but a dime for it . it 's all figgered out , I mean - - for the trip . mae you can not get no loaf a bread for a dime . we only get fifteen - cent loaf . bert ( a angry whisper ) give them the bread . mae we will run out ' fore the bread truck come . bert awright then , run out ! mae shrug at the truck driver , to indicate what she 's up against , while bert mash he hamburger savagely with the spatula . mae come in . pa and the two child come in as mae open a drawer and pull out a long waxpaper - cover loaf of bread . the child have be draw to the candy showcase and be stare in at the goody . mae this here 's a fifteen - cent loaf . PA would you -- could you see you way to cuttin ' off ten cent worth ? bert ( a clinch tooth order ) give 'im the loaf ! PA no , sir , we wanta buy ten cent worth , thas all . mae ( sighing ) you can have this for ten cent . PA I do not wanta rob you , mar 'am . mae ( with resignation ) go ahead -- bert say take it . take out he pouch , pa dig into it , feel around with he finger for a dime , as he apologize . PA May soun ' funny to be so tight , but we get a thousan ' mile to go , a ' we do not know if we will make it . but when he put the dime down on the counter he have a penny with it . he be about to drop this back in the pouch when he eye fall on the child stare at the candy . slowly he move down to see what they be look at . then : PA be they penny candy , mar 'am ? the child look up with a gasp , they big eye on mae as she move down behind the counter . mae which one ? PA there , they stripy one . mae look from the candy to the child . they have stop breathe , they eye on the candy . mae oh , they ? well , no -- they 's * two * for a penny . PA well , give I two then , mar 'am . he place the penny carefully on the counter and mae hold the stick of candy out to the child . they look up at pa . PA ( beam ) sure , take them , take them ! rigid with embarrassment , they accept the candy , look neither at it nor at each other . pa pick up the loaf of bread and they scramble for the door . at the door pa turn back . PA thank you , mar 'am . the door slam . Bill turn back from stare after they . bill they be not two - for-a- cent candy . mae ( belligerently ) what 's it to you ? bill they be nickel apiece candy . fred we get to get goin ' . we be droppin ' time . both reach in they pocket , but when Fred see what Bill have put down he reach again and duplicate it . as they go out of the door ... bill so long . mae hey , wait a minute . you get change comin' . bill voice ( from outside ) what 's it to you ? as mae watch they through the window , she eye warm , bert walk around the counter to the three slot machine , a paper with figure on it in he hand . the truck roar outside and move off . mae look down again at the coin . mae ( softly ) bert . bert ( play a machine ) what ya want ? mae look here . as he look we see the coin on the counter . they be two half - dollar . mae ( reverently ) truck driver . there be a rattle of coin as bert hit the jackpot . in he leave hand on the machine be a paper with three column of figure on it . the third column be much the longest . he scoops out the money . bert I figgered no. 3 be about ready to pay off . the scene fade out . the arizona border , in daylight , fade in . it be in a gap in the mountain and beyond can be see the paint Desert . a border guard halt the joad truck . he be not as tough as he word indicate , just curt and matter - of - fact . guard where you go ? tom ( who be drive ) California . guard how long you plan to be in Arizona ? tom no longer and we can get acrost she . guard get any plant ? tom no plant . guard ( put sticker on windshield ) okay . go ahead , but you better keep movin' . tom sure . we aim to . the truck rattles into movement . the scene dissolves to a montage superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the joad truck . Signs flash by : flagstaff , water 5 '' a gal , water 10 '' a gal , water 15 '' a gal , and finally , needle , calif . in the foreground , they back turn , the joad stand on and about they truck look in a long silence at what can be see of California from Needles . they silence be eloquent . the face of the joad be blank with dismay , for this be a unattractive sight indeed . PA ( finally ) there she be , folk -- the land a milk a ' honey -- California ! connie ( sullenly ) well , if * that 's * what we come out here for ... they look at each other in disappointment . rosasharn ( timidly , to connie ) maybe it 's nice on the other side . they pitcher -- they little pos'card -- they be real pretty . tom ( rallying they ) aw , sure . this here 's jus ' a part of it . ai not no sense a gettin ' scairt right off . PA course not . come on , let 's get goin ' . she do not look so tough to I ! the joad and the landscape be see again . then the scene dissolves to the bank of a river . the camp at Needles be on the bank of the Colorado River , among some willow . we see the man of the family sit chest - deep in the shallow water , talk , occasionally ducking they head under , reveling in this relief . in the background be the tower mountain . tom get that desert yet . gotta take she tonight . take she in the daytime fella say she will cut you gizzard out . PA ( to Al ) how 's granma since we get she in the tent ? al she 's off she chump , seem to I . noah she 's outa she sense , awright . all night on the truck keep talkin ' like she be talkin ' to grampa . tom she 's jus ' wear out , that 's all . PA ( worriedly ) I shore would like to stop here a while a ' give she some re ' but we on'y get ' bout forty dollar leave . I will not feel right till we be there a ' all workin ' a ' a little money comin ' in . noah ( lazily , after a silence ) like to jus ' stay here myself . like to lay here forever . never get hungry a ' never get sad . Lay in the water all life long , lazy as a brood sow in the mud . tom ( look up at the mountain ) never see such tough mountain . this here 's a murder country , just the * bone * of a country . ( thoughtfully ) wonder if we will ever get in a place where folk can live ' thout fightin ' hard scrabble a ' rock . sometimes you get to thinkin ' they * be not * no such country . they look up as a man and he grow son stand on the bank . man how 's the swimmin' ? tom dunno . we be not try none . sure feel good to set here , though . man mind if we come in a ' set ? tom she be not we river . but we will len ' you a little piece of she . they start to shuck off they clothes . the man , exclude that undress , form another scene . PA goin ' west ? man' voice nope . we come from there . goin ' back home . tom where 's home ? man' voice panhandle , come from near pampa . PA ( in surprise ) can you make a livin ' there ? man' voice nope . the man and he son sit down in the water . man ( continue ) but at lea ' we can starve to death with folk we know . there be a long silence among the joad as the man and he son splash water over they head . PA ( slowly ) ya know , you be the second fella talk like that . I would like to hear some more about that . tom I a ' you both . the man and he son exchange a glance , as though the joad have touch on the deadly of subject . son ( finally ) he be not gonna tell you nothin ' about it . PA if a fella 's willin ' to work hard , can not he cut she ? man listen , mister . I do not know ever'thing . you might go out a ' fall into a steady job , a ' I would be a liar . a ' then , you might never get no work , an' I do not warn you . all I can tell ya , most of the folk be purty mis'able . ( sullenly ) but a fella do not know ever'thing . there be a disturb silence as the joad study the man , but he obviously have no intention of say anything more . finally pa turn to he brother . PA John , you never be a fella to say much , but I will be goldange if you open you mouth twicet since we lef ' home . what you think about this ? JOHN ( scowling ) I do not think * nothin ' * about it . we be a- goin ' there , be not we ? when we get there , we will get there . when we get a job , we will work , a ' when we do not get a job we will set on we behin' . that 's all they be to it , be not it ? tom ( laugh ) uncle John do not talk much but when he do he shore talk sense . ( he spurt water out of he mouth ) the scene dissolves to a gas station , at night . the joad truck , load with goods and people , be last gas and service before the desert . two white uniform boy handle the station . a sign read : " last chance for gas and water . " Al be fill the radiator . Tom be count out the money for the gas . first boy you people get a lotta nerve . tom what you mean ? first boy crossin ' the desert in a jalopy like this . tom you be acrost ? first boy sure , plenty , but not in no wreck like this . tom if we break down maybe somebody would give we a ha and . first boy ( doubtfully ) well , maybe . but I would hate to be doin ' it . take more nerve than I get . tom ( laugh ) it do not take no nerve to do somep and when there be not nothin ' else you can do . ( he climb into the driver 's seat ) ma and granma be see lie on a mattress in the truck . granma 's eye be shut . actually she be near death . ma keep patting she . ma ( softly ) do not you worry , granma . it 's gonna be awright . granma ( mumble ) grampa ... grampa ... I want grampa ... ma do not you fret now . the truck move off . we see the gas station again with the truck pull away . the first Boy , a lad who know everything , stand look after they , shaking he head . his assistant be clean up the pump . first boy Holy mose , what a hard - lookin ' outfit ! second boy all they okie be hard - lookin ' . first boy Boy , but I would hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that ! second boy ( contentedly ) well , you and I get sense . they okie get no sense or no feel . they be not human . a human be would not live like they do . a human be could not stand it to be so miserable . first boy just do not know any better , I guess . noah be see hide behind a corner of the gas station . peer out , he see that the truck have go . he turn to walk away into the darkness . the scene dissolves to a river bank at night , and noah be once more seat in the shallow water , splash , look up at the mountain , content . the truck be rattling along U.S. highway 66 , across the desert , in the night . in the driver' seat Tom be drive , Al and pa be by he side . al what a place ! how would you like to walk acrost she ? tom people do it . if they could , we could . al lot must a die , too . tom ( after a pause ) well , we be not out a it yet . ruthie and winfield huddle together in the truck , eye wide with excitement . ruthie this here 's the desert a ' we be right in it ! winfield ( try to see ) I wisht it be day . ruthie Tom say if it 's day it will cut you gizzard smack out a you . ( try to see too ) I see a pitcher once . they be bone ever 'place . winfield man bone ? ruthie some , I guess , but mos'ly cow bone . ma and grandma be see again . the old woman lie still , breathe noisily . ma continue to pat she . ma ( whisper ) ' S awright , honey . everything 's gonna be awright . then we see the truck still churn along highway 66 by night . casy be asleep in the truck , he face wet with sweat . connie and rosasharn be huddle together , damp and weary . rosasharn seem like we be not never gonna do nothin ' but move . I be so tar would . connie ( sullenly ) woman be always tar would . rosasharn ( fearfully ) you be not -- you be not sorry , be you , honey ? connie ( slowly ) no , but -- but you see that advertisement in the spicy western Story magazine . do not pay nothin' . jus ' send them the coupon a ' you be a radio expert -- nice clean work . rosasharn ( pleadingly ) but we can still do it , honey . connie ( sullenly ) I ought to do it then - - a ' not come on any trip like this . her eye widen with fright as he avoid meeting she glance . ma and grandma lie side by side . ma 's hand be on grandma 's heart . the old woman 's eye be shut and she breathe be almost imperceptible . ma ( whisper ) we can not give up , honey . the family 's get to get acrost . you know that . john' voice ever 'thing all right ? ma do not answer immediately . her head lift , she be stare at granma 's face . then slowly she withdraw she hand from grandma 's heart . ma ( slowly ) yes , ever'thing 's all right . I -- I guess I drop off to sleep . her head rest again . she lie look fixedly at the still face . the scene dissolves to a inspection station , near daggett , California , at night . obey a sign that read : " keep right and stop , " the joad truck pull up under a long shed as two officer , yawn , come out to inspect it . one take down the license number and open the hood . the people aboard the truck bestir themselves sleepily . tom what 's this here ? officer agricultural inspection . we get to go over you stuff . get any vegetable or seed ? tom no . officer well , we get to look over you stuff . you get to unload . ma get down off the truck , she face swollen , she eye hard . there be a undercurrent of hysteria in she voice and manner . ma look , mister . we get a sick ol ' lady . we get to get she to a doctor . we can not wait . ( almost hysterically ) you can not make we wait ! officer yeah ? well , we get to look you over . ma I swear we be not get anything . I swear it . an' granma 's awful sick . ( pull he to the truck ) look ! the officer light he flashlight on granma 's face . officer ( shocked ) you be not foolin ' ! you swear you get no fruit or vegetable ? ma no , I swear it . officer then go ahead . you can get a doctor at barstow . that 's just eight mile . but do not stop . do not get off . understand ? ma climb back up beside granma . tom okay , cap . much oblige . the truck start . ma ( to John ) tell Tom he do not have to stop . granma 's all right . the truck move away on highway 66 . the scene dissolves to the tehachapi valley , by day . take it from the book , there be a breath -taking view of the valley from where highway 66 come out of the mountain . this be the California the joad have dream of , rich and beautiful , the land of milk and honey . it be just daybreak , with the sun at the joad 's back . they have pull off the side of the road and stop , just to drink in the sight . they be look almost reverently at the sight before they as they climb stiffly out of the truck . al will ya look at she ! PA ( shaking he head ) I never know they be anything like she ! one by one , they climb down . tom where 's ma ? I want ma to see it . look , ma ! come here , ma! he start back . ma be hold to the rear of the truck , she face stiff and swollen , she eye deep - sink , she limb weak and shaky . tom ( shocked ) ma , you sick ? ma ( hoarsely ) ya say we be acrost ? tom ( eagerly ) look , ma! ma thank God ! a ' we be still together -- most of we . ( her knee buckle and she sit down on the run board ) tom didn ' you get no sleep ? ma no . tom be granma bad ? ma ( after a pause ) granma 's dead . tom ( shocked ) when ? ma since before they stop we las ' night . tom a ' that 's why you do not want them to look ? ma ( nodd ) I be afraid they would stop we a ' would not let we cross . but I tol ' granma . I tol ' she when she be dyin' . I tol ' she the fambly have to get acrost . I tol ' she we could not take no chance on bein ' stop . with the valley for background , ma look down on it . ma ( softly ) so it 's all right . at lea ' she will get bury in a nice green place . tree and flower aroun ' . ( smiling sadly ) she get to lay she head down in California after all . the scene fade out . a town STREET , by day , fade in . down a town or small city business street , with quite a bit of traffic , come the joad truck be push by the joad man . at the wheel , aim at a corner gas station , be rosasharn , frighten and uncertain , with ma beside she on the front seat . in the back ruthie and winfield be delighted with this new form of locomotion . cross the street , a policeman fall into step with Tom . policeman how far you figger you gonna get * this * way ? tom right here . we give out a gas . it be a two - pump station and one of the pump have a car , with the attendant service it . the joad truck stop by the other pump and Tom , wiping he face with he sleeve , grin and address himself to the policeman . the other stand listen solemnly in the background . tom where 's the bes ' place to get some work aroun ' here ? ( pull out the handbill ) do not matter what kin ' either . policeman ( patiently ) if I see one a they thing I must a see ten thousa n ' . PA ai not it no good ? policeman ( shaking he head ) not here -- not now . month ago there be some pickin ' but it 's all move south now . where 'bout in Oklahoma you from ? tom sallisaw . policeman I come out from Cherokee County -- two year ago . rosasharn ( pleased ) why , connie 's folk from Cherokee County -- policeman ( stop she wearily ) okay , mar 'am , let 's do not go into it . I already meet about a hundred fir ' cousin a ' it mus ' be five hundred secon ' . but this be what I get to tell you , do not try to park in town tonight . keep on out to that camp . if we catch you in town after dark we get to lock you up . do not forget . PA ( worriedly ) but what we gonna * do *? policeman ( about to leave ) pop , that just be not up to I . ( grimly he point to the handbill ) but I do not minute ' tellin ' you , the guy they * ought * to lock up be the guy that send out * they * thing . he stroll away , the joad look concernedly after he , just as the gas station attendant come briskly to they after dispose of the other car . attendant ( brightly ) how many , folk ? al ( after a pause ) one . the attendant regards he in disgust . the scene dissolves to hooverville , by day . a large migrant camp , a typical shanty town of rag tent and tarpaper shack , jalopy and dirty child . a dozen or more child pause to watch as the joad truck lumber down a dirt incline from the road and stop at the edge of the camp in front of one of the most miserable of the shack . the joad regard the camp with dismay . tom ( shaking he head ) she shore do not look prosperous . want to go somewhere else ? ma on a gallon a gas ? ( as Tom grin at she ) let 's set up the tent . maybe I can fix we up some stew . the truck move into the camp through a lane of child . the scene dissolves to the joad tent . in front of it , ma be on she knee feed a small fire with break stick . on the fire be a pot of stew . ruthie and winfield stand watch the pot . about fifteen rag , barefoot child in a half - circle be now around the fire , they solemn eye on the pot of stew . occasionally they look at ma , then back at the stew . presently one of the older girl speak . girl ( shyly ) I could break up some bresh if you want I , mar 'am . ma ( gently ) you want to get ast to eat , hunh ? girl ( simply ) yes , mar 'am . ma didn ' you have no breakfast ? girl no , mar 'am . they be not no work hereabout . pa 's in tryin ' to sell some stuff to get gas so 's we can get along . ma didn ' none of this have no breakfast ? there be a long silence . then : boy ( boastfully ) I do . I a ' my brother do . we et good . ma then you be not hungry , be you ? the boy choke , he lip stick out . boy ( doggedly ) we et good . ( then he break and run ) ma well , it 's a good thing * some * a you be not hungry , because they be not enough to go all the way rou and . girl aw , he be braggin ' . know what he do ? Las ' night , come out a ' say they get chicken to eat . well , sir , I look in whilst they be a-eatin ' a ' it be fry dough jus ' like ever 'body else . pa and John enter . PA how ' bout it ? ma ( to ruthie ) go get Tom a ' al. ( look helplessly at the child ) I dunno what to do . I get to feed the fambly . what be I gonna do with this here ? she be dish the stew into tin plate . the child 's eye follow the spoon , and then the first plate , to John . he be raise the first spoonful to he mouth when he notice they apparently for the first time . he be chew slowly , he eye on the child , they eye on he face , when Tom and Al enter . JOHN ( stand up ) you take this . ( handing plate to Tom ) I be not hungry . tom whatta ya mean ? you be not et today . JOHN I know , but I get a stomickache . I be not hungry . tom ( after a glance at the child ) you take that plate inside the tent a ' you eat it . JOHN would not be no use . I would still see them inside the tent . tom ( to the child ) you git . go on now , git . you be not doin ' no good . they be not enough for you . the child retreat a step , but no more , and then look wonderingly at he . ma we can not send them away . take you plate a ' go inside . take a plate to rosasharn . ( smiling , to the child ) look . you little fella go a ' get you each a flat stick a ' I will put what 's lef ' for you . ( the child scatter ) but they be not to be no fightin ' ! ( dish plate for ruthie and winfield ) I do not know if I be doin ' right or not but -- go inside , ever 'body stay inside . ( the child be back ) they be not enough . all you gonna get be jus ' a taste but -- I can not help it , I can not keep it from you . she go in the tent hurriedly to hide the fact that tear have come into she eye . the child pounce on the pot , silently , too busy digging for the stew to speak . inside the tent they have all finish they stew already . ma ( bitterly ) I do fine ! now nobody get enough ! at the road a new coupe drive off the highway and into the camp and stop . it contain two man . one get out . a group of men be squatting in a half - circle , the usual pattern for conversation , but they be silent now as they eye fix on the man approach . he be a labor agent . outside the joad tent the man be look in the direction of the group . they start to walk toward it . at the group of men : the agent , wear a flat - brimm stetson and with he pocket fill with pencil and dog-eare booklet , look down at the silent man . all of the man in the camp be approach slowly , silently . the woman give they anxious attention in the background . among the man who walk up be floyd , a grimly disappointed young man . agent you man want to work ? PA sure we wanta work . where 's it at ? agent tulare County . fruit 's open up . need a lot of picker . floyd you doin ' the hirin' ? agent well , I be contracting the land . first man whay you payin ? agent well , can not tell exactly , yet . ' Bout thirty cent , I guess . first man why can not you tell ? you take the contrac ' , didn ' you ? agent that 's true . but it 's key to the price . might be a little more , might be a little less . floyd ( quietly ) all right , mister . I will go . you just show you license to contrack , a ' then you make out a order -- where a ' when a ' how much you gonna pay - - a ' you sign it a ' we will go . agent ( ominously ) you try to tell I how to run my own business ? floyd ' F we be workin ' for you , it 's we business too . a ' how do we know -- ( pull out a handbill ) -- you be not one a the guy that send this thing out ? agent ( tough ) listen , smart guy . I will run my business my own way . I get work . if you wanta take it , okay . if not , just sit here , that 's all . the squatting man have rise one by one . they face be expressionless because they simply do not know when one of this call be genuine or when it be not . floyd address they . floyd twicet now I have fall for that line . maybe he need a thousan ' man . so he get 's five thousan ' there , a ' he will pay fifteen cent a hour . a ' you guy will have to take it ' cause you will be hungry . ( facing the agent ) ' F he want to hire man , let he write it out a ' say what he 's gonna pay . ast to see he license . he be not allow by law to contrack man without a license . agent ( turn ) Joe ! the other man get out of the coupe . he wear riding breech and lace boot , carry a pistol and cartridge belt , and there be a deputy sheriff 's star on he brown shirt . he smile thinly and shift he pistol holster as he start toward the group . the men be watch the deputy approach . floyd ( angrily ) you see ? if this guy be on the level , would he bring a cop along ? deputy ( enter ) what 's the trouble ? agent ( point at floyd ) ever see this guy before ? deputy what would he do ? agent he 's agitatin' . deputy hmmm . ( give floyd a look over ) seem like I have . seem like I see he hangin ' around that use car lot that be bust into . yep , I would swear it 's the same fella . ( sharply ) get in that car . tom you get nothin ' on he . deputy open you trap again and you will go too . agent ( to the man ) you fella do not wanta lissen to troublemaker . you better pack up a ' come on to tulare County . the man say nothing . deputy might be a good idea to do what he say . too many of you okie aroun ' here already . folk beginnin ' to figger it be not maybe * safe * . might start a epidemic or sump and . ( after a pause ) would not like a bunch a guy down here with pick handle tonight , would you ? as the agent get into the coupe floyd be thumb hook over he belt and he look off , away . tom be look away be a answer . his thumb also hook over he belt . deputy ( to floyd ) now , you . he take hold of floyd 's leave arm . at the same time floyd swing , smack he in the face . as the deputy stagger , Tom stick out a foot and trip he . floyd be already run through the camp . the deputy fire from the ground . there be a scream . a woman be look down at she hand , the knuckle shot away . the coupe be see as the agent step on the gas to get away . as floyd get in the clear , the deputy , sit on the ground , aim he pistol again , slowly , carefully . behind he casy step up , gauge he distance , and then kick he square in the base of the skull . the deputy tumble over unconscious . Tom pick up the pistol . casy gimme that gun . now git outa here . go down in they willow a ' wait . tom ( angrily ) I be not gonna run . casy he see you , Tom ! you wanta be fingerprinted ? you wanta get send back for breakin ' parole ? tom you be right ! casy hide in the willow . if it 's awright to come back I will give you four high whistle . as Tom stride away there be the distant sound of a siren . casy empty the gun and throw cartridge and gun aside . the man , aghast , have be stand back , worried and excited and apprehensive . they wish nothing like this have happen . the woman have gather around the wounded woman , who be sobbing . now at the sound of the siren everybody begin to move uncomfortably toward he tent or shack . Al look admiringly from casy to the unconscious deputy . everybody have disappear into he tent but Al and casy . the siren draw nearer . casy go on . get in you tent . you do not know nothin' . al how ' bout you ? casy ( grin ) * some * body get to take the blame . they just * get * to hang it on somebody , you know . ( shrugge ) a ' I be not doin ' nothin ' but set around . al but be not no reason -- casy ( savagely ) lissen . I do not care nothin ' about you , but if you mess in this , you whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble , a ' Tom get send back to the penitentiary . al okay . I think you be a darn fool , though . casy sure . why not ? Al head for the joad tent and casy kneel down and lift the deputy . he wipe he face clean . the deputy begin to come to . a open car curve off the highway , stop in the clear , and four man with rifle pile out . the deputy sit rub he eye and casy stand . second deputy what 's goin ' on here ? casy this man a yours , he get tough a ' I hit he . then he start shootin' - - hit a woman down the line -- so I hit he again . second deputy well -- what would you do in the first place ? casy I talk back . two of the man have help the deputy to he foot . he feel the back of he neck gingerly . casy they 's a woman down there like to bleed to death from he bad shootin' . second deputy ( to assistant ) take a look at she . ( to deputy ) Mike , be this the fella that hit you ? deputy ( dazedly ) do not look like he . casy it be I , all right . you just get smart with the wrong fella . deputy ( shudder ) do not look like he , but ... maybe it be . I be not sure . second deputy get in that car . with a deputy on either side of he , casy climb in the back seat . the sickish deputy be help into the car . the other man come run back . man ( proudly ) Boy , what a mess a .45 do make ! they get a tourniquet on . we will send a doctor out . the car start . casy and two deputy beside he be reveal in the back seat . casy sit proudly , head up , eye front . on he lip be a faint smile ; on he face , a curious look of conquest . deputy ( angry at the whole business ) but what you gonna do ? must be * thousand * of them around here , sore and hungry and live in they dump . what you gonna do about them ? second deputy you gotta hold them down . hold them down or they will take over the whole country . that 's all you * can * do . deputy ( grimly ) well , they be not gonna take over *my * country . I be livin ' here too long for * that * . maybe some a the boy better drop around tonight and give them something to think about . casy sit with eye front . at the willow , screen by tree or brush , Tom look off at the car take casy away . start at a sound , he withdraw into the brush as the scene dissolves . in front of the joad tent , at night , ma stand face pa and Al . rosasharn lie on a pallet , she face in she arm , while ruthie and winfield look on , wide - eye at the family quarrel . PA ( to ma ) leave he alone , ma -- Al 's just billy - goatin ' around -- al sure ! I be just aimin ' to meet up with a couple girl I know . ma you do not know * no * girl around here . you be lyin ' , * you be runnin ' away *! PA ( a short flash of momentary but ill advise belligerence ) cut it out , ma , or I will -- ma ( softly , as she pick up jack - handle ) you will * what *?... come on , pa. come on a ' whup I . jus ' try it . PA ( solemnly ) now do not get sassy , ma. ma Al be not a-goin ' away , a ' you gonna * tell * he he be not a-goin ' away . ( hefting the jack - handle ) a ' if you think diff'unt , you gotta whup I first . so some on . PA ( helplessly ) I never * see * she so sassy . ( with a touch of bewilder pride ) a ' she be not so young , neither ! al ( sullenly ) I would come back -- ma ( eye on pa ) but ef you * do * whup I , I swear you better not ever go to sleep again , because the minute you go to sleep , or you be settin ' down , or you back 's turn , I be gonna knock you belly - up with a bucket . they stand stare at each other in silence . at the edge of hooverville , Tom be head for the joad tent warily , glance around constantly , but not run , for that would draw attention to he . in front of the joad tent again : PA ( helplessly ) jus ' sassy , that 's all . ma ( angrily ) sassy my foot ! I be jus ' sick and tar would a my folk tryin ' to bust up . all we get lef ' in the * worl '* be the fambly -- a ' right down at bottom that 's all we * get * to have ! ef some of we die , we can not he 'p that -- but be not nobody else runnin ' away ! al but it be not runnin ' away , ma . all I wanta do be go away with another fella a ' look aroun ' for work by ourself -- ma ( blaze ) well , you be not a-goin ' ! ai not * nobody * else a-goin ' ! we * get * here a ' we gonna * stay * here , together ! as long as we get the fambly unbroke I be not scared , but it 's a long bitter road we get ahead of we -- ( squaring off ) -- a ' I be here to tell ya ef anybody else try to bust we up anymore I be a-goin ' cat wild with this here piece a bar-arn ! as she get ready for whatever ... in the shadow , twenty foot away from the tent , Tom whistle softly . tom hey , Al ! in front of the joad tent , all but ma be look off . ma still eye pa. al ( peer into the darkness ) Tom ? you can come on . they go . tom ( enter quickly ) we get to get outa here right away . ever 'body here ? where 's uncle John ? JOHN ( from tent ) here I be . PA what 's a matter now ? tom fella tell I some a they poolroom boy figgerin ' to burn the whole camp out tonight . get to get that truck load -- what you doin ' with the jack -handle , ma ? ma , PA , and al ( together ) Al 's tryin ' to go away ... she jus ' get sassy ... all I aim to do ... tom ( take the jack -handle ) awright , you can fight it out later . right now we get to hustle . where 's connie ? there be a silence that stop Tom in he rush of preparation . ma ( quietly ) connie 's go . ( indicating rosasharn ) lit out this e'enin' - - say he do not know it be gonna be like this . PA ( angrily ) glad to get shet of he . never be no good a ' never will be -- ma pa ! shh ! PA how come I get to shh ? run out , do not he ? tom ( look to rosasharn ) cut it out , pa. he 'p Al with the truck . ( he kneel beside rosasharn . gently ) do not fret , honey . you goin ' to be awright . rosasharn ( uncover she face ) Tom , I jus ' do not feel like nothin ' a tall . without he I jus ' do not wanta live . tom maybe he will be back . we will leave word for he . jus ' do not cry . ( he pat she awkwardly ) the scene dissolves to hooverville , at night . the jalopy be lumber up on the road , one after the other , as the migrant scatter before the threaten invasion . in the joad truck , Tom be help rosasharn into the front seat , beside ma . the other be aboard except Al . Tom hand Al a wrench . tom just in case . sit up back a ' if anybody try to climb up -- let ' im have it . PA ( from truck ) I be not get nothin ' in *my * ha and . tom ( to Al ) give ' im a fryin ' pan . ( he get into the driver 's seat and start the truck ) in the front seat of the truck , Tom drive , ma sit in the middle , rosasharn on the other side . rosasharn ( hopefully ) maybe connie go to get some book to study up with . he 's gonna be a radio expert , ya know . maybe he figgered to suprise we . ma maybe that 's jus ' what he do . tom ma , they come a time when a man get mad . ma Tom - - you tol ' I -- you promise you be not like that . you promise I . tom I know , ma. I be a tryin ' . if it be the law they be workin ' with , we could take it . but it * be not * the law . they be workin ' away at we spirit . they be tryin ' to make we cringe a ' crawl . they be workin ' on we decency . ma you promise , Tommy . tom I be a-tryin ' , ma. honest I be . ma you gotta keep clear , Tom . the fambly 's breakin ' up . you * get * to keep clear . tom what 's that -- detour ? as he slow down the truck , we see that half of the road be block with board and red lantern . a group of man swarm around the joad truck as it stop . a leader lean in Tom 's window . leader where you think you be goin ' ? in the front seat of the truck Tom 's hand reach for the jack -handle on the seat at he side but ma 's hand clutches he arm in a steel grip . tom well -- ( then in a servile whine ) -- we be stranger here . we hear about they 's work in a place call tulare . leader well , you be goin ' the wrong way , an' what 's more , we do not want no more okie in this town . we be not get work enough for they that be already here . Tom 's arm tremble as he try to pull it away , but ma hold on tight . tom which way be it at , mister ? leader you turn right aroun ' and head north . a ' do not come back till the cotton 's ready . tom yes , sir . the truck turn around . in the front seat Tom be almost sobbing with anger as he maneuver the truck around . ma ( whisper ) do not you minute ' , Tommy . you do good . you do jus ' good . the truck be go back down the road as the scene fade out . a montage fade in : superimpose on grow field hand - make sign flash by : no help wanted , keep out --this means U , no work , no help wanted . then we see the joad truck pull up off the paved highway , and jack up while Tom and Al fix a puncture . ma be seat in the front seat with rosasharn . pa and uncle John be putter about worriedly . ma ( thoughtfully ) sump and get to happen soon . we get one day 's more grease , two day 's flour , a ' ten potato . after that ... ( look at rosasharn ) an' rosasharn , we get to remember she 's gonna be due soon . PA ( shaking he head ) it sure be hell jus ' tryin ' to get enough to eat . tom fella tell I they 's three hunerd thousan ' aroun ' here like we , a - scrabblin ' for work a ' livin ' like hog . can not figger what it be , but * sump ' n 's * wrong . a buick roadmaster which have be speed toward they stop suddenly . driving it be a husky man , name Spencer , whose manner be amiable and disarming . spencer Morning . tom Morning . spencer you people look for work ? tom mister , we be lookin ' even under board for work . spencer can you pick peach ? tom we can pick anything . spencer well , there 's plenty of work for you about forty mile north , this road just outside pixley . turn east on 32 and look for hooper 's ranch . tell them Spencer send you . this be electrify news , as they face show . tom mister , we sure that ya ! as they snap into action to get under way again the scene dissolves to the front seat , Al drive , with ma and Tom beside he . they be all smile , they face glow with excitement . ma ( excitedly ) fust thing I will get be coffee , cause ever ' body be wantin ' that , a ' then some flour a ' bakin ' powder a ' meat . better not get no side - meat right off . save that for later . maybe sat'dy . get to get some soap too . a ' milk . rosasharn 's get to have some milk . tom get some sugar too , for the coffee . ma you know , I jus ' can not remember when I feel so good before ! al know what I be a-gonna do ? I be a-gonna save up a ' go in town a ' get I a job in a garage . live in a room a ' eat in restaurant . go to the movin ' pitcher * ever '* night . cowboy pitcher . the scene dissolves to the entrance of the hooper ranch in daylight . a gravel road lead from the paved highway to the big wire gate , which be enclose . along the side of the paved highway be park a dozen jalopy , the migrant sit soberly in they . fifty or sixty other migrant line the gravel road and the junction with the paved highway . five jalopy be in line wait to enter the gate . and the scene be overwhelmingly police . there must be ten motorcycle cop around . six be dismounted and strolling to keep order among the migrant along the road . Three , they motorcycle roaring , flank the line of five jalopy . as the joad truck drive up , we see the front seat . Tom , Al , and ma be behold the scene with bewilderment . al what be it , a wreck ? cop ( on motorcycle ) where you think you be go ? tom fella name Spencer send we -- say they be work pickin ' peach . cop want to work , do you ? tom sure do . cop pull up behind that car . ( Calling ) okay for this one . take them through . tom ( the truck move ) what 's the matter ? what 's happen ? cop Little trouble up ahead , but you will get through . just follow the line . the motorcycle escort form around the line of six car and a deafen din be raise , of motorcycle , siren , and a inexplicable blow of horn on the jalopy . at the same time , as the gate open and the six car start through , flanke by the motorcycle cop , the migrant begin spasmodic shout , but what they say can not be understand . as the car move slowly , Tom and Al in the front seat be puzzle and worried at the demonstration . al maybe the road 's out . tom I do not know what this cop get to do with it but I do not like it . ( look out ) a ' this here be we own people , all of them . I do not like this . at the gate the heckling from the bystander be spasmodic , not continuous , as the six jalopy in line pass through the gate into the hooper ranch . two man stand beside the gate with shotgun . they keep call . men go on , go on ! keep movin ' ! the joad truck pass through the gate . in the hooper ranch the six jalopy be halt at the end of a camp street . the house be small , square block , set in line . one , a little larger , be a grocery store . casually about be man in pair with metal star on they shirt and shotgun in they hand . two bookkeeper be already pass down the car and jotting down information . bookkeeper want to work ? tom sure , but what be this ? bookkeeper that 's not you affair . name . tom joad . bookkeeper how many man ? tom four . bookkeeper woman ? tom two . bookkeeper kid ? tom two . bookkeeper can all of you work ? tom why , I guess so . bookkeeper okay . House 63 . wage 5 cent a box . no bruise fruit . move along and go to work right away . he move to the next car . the joad truck start ... at house 63 , as the joad truck pull up , two deputy approach . they look closely into each face as the joad pile out . one of the deputy have a long list in he hand . first deputy name . tom ( impatiently ) joad . say , what be this here ? second deputy ( consulting list ) not here . take a look at he license . first deputy 542-567 Oklahoma . second deputy ai not get it . guess they be okay . ( to Tom ) now you look here . we do not want no trouble with you . jes ' do you work and mind you own business and you will be all right . ( the deputy walk away ) tom they sure do want to make we feel at home all right . ma and rosasharn step inside the house . it be filthy . a rusty tin stove rest on four brick be all the one room contain . ma and rosasharn stand look around at it . finally : rosasharn we gonna live here ? ma ( after a moment ) why , sure . it will not be so bad once we get she wash out . rosasharn I like the tent better . ma this get a floor . would not leak when it rain . outside , a clerk with glass appear , push a cart load with three - gallon bucket . clerk name ? tom ( patiently ) it 's still joad . clerk ( doling out the bucket ) how many ? ma ( at the door ) six . ( to Tom ) all y'all go . I an' rosasharn will unload . with they bucket they shuffle away toward the peach tree -- Tom , pa , uncle John , Al , and the two child struggle with the enormous container . the scene dissolves to the interior of house 63 at night , a lantern lighting the scene . sitting wherever they can , the joad have finish they supper of hamburger . and grateful they be too , for the meat . tom ( wiping he mouth ) get any more , ma ? ma no . that 's all . you make a dollar , a ' that 's a dollar 's worth . PA that ! ma they charge extry at the comp'ny store but they be not no other place . tom I be not full . ma well , tomorra you will get in a full day -- full day 's pay - - a ' we will have plenty . PA ( rise ) you would not think jus ' reachin ' up a ' pickin'd get you in the back . tom think I will walk out a ' try to fin ' out what all that fuss outside the gate be . anybody wanta come with I ? PA no. I be jus ' gonna set awhile a ' then go to bed . al think I will look aroun ' a ' see if I can not meet I a girl . tom thing 's be workin ' on I , what they be yellin ' about . get I all curious . JOHN I get to get a lot curiouser than I be -- with all they cop out there . tom ( laugh ) okay . I be back a little later . ma you be careful , Tommy . do not you be stickin ' you nose in anything . tom ( leave ) okay , ma . do not you worry . in the ranch STREET . there be a faint moonlight , but not much , and little sound from the other house as Tom stroll down the street . near the gate : beyond , car pass . as Tom approach the gate a flashlight play on he face suddenly and a guard rise from a box . guard where you think you be go ? tom think I would take a walk . any law against it ? guard well , you just turn around and walk the other way . tom you mean I can not even get outa here ? guard not tonight you can not . want to walk back ? -- or you want I to whistle up some help and take you back ? tom I will walk back . the guard watch he as he walk back and then douse he flashlight . at a section of wire fence , watch he chance , move silently , Tom drop on the ground , on he back , get he head under the bottom wire , and push himself under and outside . rising , he cross the paved highway . a embankment across the road from the wire fence : Tom clamber down it , move quietly . he pick he way down the shallow ravine . a tent : there be a light inside and there be the shadow of figure . in the background , beyond the tent , be the silhouette of a small concrete bridge span a small stream . follow a trail , Tom enter and approach the tent . ( the open be away from he . ) in front of the tent , a man sit on a box look up suspiciously as Tom enter . his name be Joe . tom evenin ' . joe who be you ? tom jus ' goin ' pas ' , that 's all . joe know anybody here ? tom no. jus ' goin ' pas ' , I tell you . a head stick out of the tent . until he speak , Tom do not recognize casy . casy what 's the matter ? tom casy ! what you doin ' here ? casy well , if it be not Tom joad . how ya , boy ? tom think you be in jail . casy no , I do my time a ' get out . come on in . ( he pull Tom into the tent . ) inside the tent , three other man sit on the ground as casy bring Tom in . one 's name be Frank . frank this the fella you be talkin ' about ? casy this be he . what you doin ' here , Tommy ? tom workin '. pickin ' peach . but I see a bunch a fella yellin ' when we come in , so I come out to see what 's goin ' on . what 's it all about ? frank this here 's a strike . tom ( puzzle ) well , fi ' cent a box be not much , but a fella can eat . frank fi ' cent ! they pain ' you fi ' cent ? tom sure . we make a buck since midday . casy ( after a long silence ) lookie , Tom . we come to work here . they tell we it 's gonna be fi ' cent . but they be a whole lot of we , so the man say two a ' a half cent . well , a fella can not even eat on that , a ' if he get kid ... ( after a pause ) so we say we will not take it . so they druv we off . now they be payin ' you five -- but when they bust this strike ya think they will pay five ? tom I dunno . payin ' five now . casy ( soberly ) I do not expeck we can las ' much longer -- some a the folk be not et for two day . you goin ' back tonight ? tom I aim to . casy ( earnestly ) well -- tell the folk inside how it be , Tom . tell them they be starvin ' we and stabbin ' theirself in the back . a ' as sure as God make little apple it 's goin ' back to two a ' a half jus ' as soon as they clear we out . frank ( suddenly ) you hear sump and ? they listen . then : tom I will tell them . but I do not know how . never see so many guy with gun . would not even let we talk today . casy try a ' tell them , Tom . they will get two a ' a half , jus ' the minute we be go . a ' you know what that be ? that 's one ton a peach pick a ' carry for a dollar . that way you can not even buy food enough to keep you alive ! tell them to come out with we , Tom ! they peach be * ripe * . two day out a ' they will pay * all * of we five ! tom they will not . they be a- gettin ' five a ' they do not care about nothin ' else . casy but jus ' the minute they be not strike - breakin ' they will not get no five ! frank ( bitterly ) a ' the nex ' thing you know you will be out , because they get it all figgered down to a t--until the harvest be in you be a * migrant * worker - - afterwards , just a bum . tom five they be a-gettin ' now , an' that 's all they be int'rested in . I know exackly what pa would say . he would jus ' say it be not none a he business . casy ( reluctantly ) I guess that 's right . have to take a beatin ' before he will know . tom we be outa food . tonight we have meat . not much , but we have it . think pa 's gonna give up he meat on account a other fella ? an' rosasharn need milk . think ma 's gonna starve that baby jus ' cause a bunch a fella be yellin ' outside a gate ? casy ( sadly ) get to learn , like I be a-learnin ' . do not know it right yet myself , but I be tryin ' to fin ' out . that 's why I can not ever be a preacher again . preacher get to * know * . ( shake he head ) I do not . I get to * ask *. joe ( stick he head in tent ) I do not like it . casy what 's the matter ? joe can not tell . seem like I hear sump and , a ' then I listen a ' they be not nothin ' to hear . frank ( rise ) ' tai not outa the question , y'know . ( he exit ) casy all of we a little itchy . cop be tellin ' we how they gonna beat we up a ' run we outa the country . not they reg'lar deppity , but they tin- star fella they get for guard . ( after a pause ) they figger I be the leader because I talk so much . Frank 's head stick in the door . his voice be a excited whisper . frank turn out that light a ' come outside . they 's sump and here . quickly casy turn the light down and out . he grope for the door , follow by Tom and the other man . in front of the tent : casy ( softly ) what be it ? frank I dunno . listen . there be night sound but little else to be distinguished . casy can not tell if you hear it or not . you hear it , Tom ? tom ( softly ) I hear it . I think they 's some guy comin ' this way , lot of them . we better get outa here . joe ( whisper ) down that way -- under the bridge span . casy lead the way softly . the bridge span be see from the stream as casy , Tom , and the other man wade carefully toward it . under the bridge it be almost black as they creep through the culvert . just as casy and Tom step out from under the bridge on the other side , a blind flashlight hit they , lighting they like day . voice there they be ! stand where you be ! halted , uncertain , they stand as three man with star on they coat and pickhandle in they hand slide down the embankment . two of they hold light flashlight . deputy that 's he ! that one in the middle , the skinny one ! Chuck ! alec ! here they be ! we get them ! there be faint response from a distance . casy and tom be alone . the other have fle . the deputy approach , they light on casy and Tom . casy listen , you fella . you do not know what you be doin ' . you be helpin ' to stave kid . deputy shut up , you red -- he swing the pickhandle . casy dodge but the stick crack he skull . he fall face down out of the light . the deputy watch for a moment but casy do not stir . second deputy look like to I you kill he . deputy turn he over . put the light on he . bend over , they body hide casy . tom , see close , be breathe hard , he eye glisten . deputy voice serve he right , too . as the deputy straighten up , Tom step forward , grab the pickhandle from the man who fell casy , and swing . the blow strike the deputy 's arm , send he flashlight fly , and the scene be in semi-darkness as Tom swing again . there be a grunt and a groan as the deputy go down . then all be confusion . back away , swinging the pickhandle , Tom bolt , splashes a few yard through the stream , turn and gain a better start by throw the pickhandle at he pursuer . they duck , and Tom disappear into the night . the other man rush through the scene in pursuit . the second deputy be see bend over the body of the man Tom laid out . second deputy where 's that flash ? third deputy here . the light flash on the man 's face . third deputy ( awed ) Boy , he 's * good * and dead ! you see that fella that do it ? second deputy I be not sure -- but I catch he one across the face , and believe I , I give he a trade - mark * he* be not gonna be able to shake off easy ! tom be see crash through the bush , he face bloody . the scene fade out . the exterior of house 63 fade in . it be day . ma come down the street with a bundle under she arm and enter the house . inside house 63 , rosasharn sit by the window as ma enter . ma anybody ask anything ? rosasharn no be . ma stand by the door . rosasharn take she post at the door as ma kneel on the floor beside Tom , put down the rag bundle , and get a basin . Tom , who be under a quilt , be with he back alone visible . she speak softly , guardedly , as she bathes he face . ma how 's it feel , Tommy ? tom busted my cheek but I can still see . what would you hear ? ma look like you do it . tom ( soberly ) I kinda think so . felt like it . ma folk be not talkin ' about much else . they say they get poss out . talkin ' about a lynchin' - - when they catch the fella . tom they kill casy first . ma that be not the way they be tellin ' it . they be sayin ' you do it fust . tom ( after a pause ) they know what -- this fella look like ? ma they know he get hit in the face . tom ( slowly ) I be sorry , ma. but -- I do not know what I be doin ' , no more and when you take a breath . I do not even know I be gonna do it . ma it 's awright , Tommy . I wisht you do not do it , but you do what you have to do . I can not read no fault in you . tom I be gonna go away tonight . I can not go puttin ' this on you folk . ma ( angrily ) Tom ! they 's a whole lot I do not understan ' , but goin ' away be not gonna ease we . ( thoughtfully ) they be the time when we be on the lan ' . they be a bound 'ry to we then . ol ' folk die off , a ' little fella come , a ' we be always one thing -- we be the fambly -- kinda whole a ' clear . but now we be not clear no more . they be not nothin ' keep we clear . Al -- he 's a-hankerin ' a ' a - jibbitin ' to go off on he own . an' uncle John be just a-draggin ' along . pa 's lose he place -- he be not the head no more . we be crackin ' up , Tom . they be not no fambly now . rosasharn -- ( a glance at the girl ) -- she gonna have she baby , but * it * be not gonna have no fambly . I be tryin ' to keep she goin ' but -- winfiel ' - - what 's he gonna be , this - a- way ? growin ' up wild , an' ruthie , too - - like animal . get nothin ' to trus ' . do not go tom. stay a ' help . help I . tom ( tiredly ) okay , ma. I should not , though . I know I should not . but okay . rosasharn here come a lot of people . Tom put he head under the quilt . ma turn , face the door , she body protectively between Tom and whatever threaten . bookkeeper' voice how many of you ? migrant voice ten of we . whatcha payin ' ? outside house 63 , the bookkeeper have encounter the newcomer . bookkeeper House 25 . number 's on the door . migrant okay , mister . whatcha payin ' ? bookkeeper two and a half cent . migrant ( angrily ) two a ' a half ! say , mister , a man can not make he dinner on that . bookkeeper take it or leave it . there 's 200 man come from the South that will be glad to get it . migrant but -- but how we gonna eat ? bookkeeper look , I do not set the price . I be just work here . if you want it , take it . if you do not , turn right around and beat it . migrant ( sullenly ) which way be House 25 ? tom ( slowly ) that casy . he might a be a preacher , but - - he see a lot a thing clear . he be like a lantern - - he help my see thing too . ma come night we will get outa here . at night , the truck be back up to the door of House 63 ; it be already load . ma be speak in a low voice to Tom , who be peer out from under a mattress in the truck . ma it 's jus ' till we get some distance . then you can come out . tom I would hate to get * trap * in here . guard voice what 's goin ' on here ? Tom disappear . ma turn , she back to the truck . the guard play he flashlight on the joad , who stand watch he ominously . PA we be goin ' out . guard what for ? ma we get a job offer -- good job . guard yeah ? let 's have a look at you . ( he play he flashlight on the truck ) be not there another fella with you ? al you mean that hitch-hiker ? Little short fella with a pale face ? guard I guess that 's what he look like . al we just pick he up on the way in . he go away this mornin ' when the rate drop . guard ( think hard ) what would he look like again ? al short fella . pale face . guard be he bruise up this mornin ' ? about the face ? al I do not see nothin' . guard ( reluctantly ) okay . go on . quickly , Al be in the driver 's seat , with ma and pa beside he . the truck rattles into motion and move down the street . at the gate to the ranch another guard flash a light as Al stop the car . second guard goin ' out for good ? al yeah . goin ' north . get a job . second guard okay . he open the gate and the truck go through . it turn from the gravel road onto the paved highway . in the front seat of the truck : ma you do good , al. just good . Al show he pleased pride in she quiet approval . PA know where we be a-goin ' ? ma ( shaking she head ) do not matter . just get to go -- a ' keep a- goin ' , till we get plenty a distance away from here . the truck be rattling along the highway . next , it be day , and the truck be still churn along . in the front seat , Tom be drive , he cap pull as far down as possible over he wounded cheek . rosasharn have take pa 's place and be lean wearily against ma 's shoulder . rosasharn ma ... you know , if connie be here I would not minute ' any a this . ma I know , honey , a ' just as soon as we get settle Al 's gonna set out a ' look for he . how ' bout gas , Tommy ? tom full up . uncle John come through with five buck he be hol ' in ' out on we since we lef ' home . the truck keep move along . then it be night , and the truck be still make distance . on a country road , in grey dawn , with a deafen clank under the hood , the joad truck pull to a stop off the side of the road . Al be drive . asleep in Tom 's arm in the front seat , ma stir awake as Al turn off the ignition and get out . he lift the hood . tom she 's hotter and a heifer . al fan-belt 's shot . he pull out the piece . Tom get out and take off the radiator cap . there be a geyser of steam . in the back of the truck the other stand look on , sleepy - eye . tom ( look around ) pick a nice place for it , too , do not she ? they all look around . at first they find nothing in sight . Al and Tom look at each other in disgust . tom any gas ? al gallon or two ? tom ( whistling ) well , look like we do it this time awright ! rosasharn ( stand in truck ) Tommy . ( point ) some smoke up there . all look . Tom climb on the run board the better to see . tom look like about a mile . reckon she will make it ? al she get to make it . ma ( as they get back in ) what be it ? tom do not know -- but it 's better and this . as Al start the truck , the scene dissolves to a weather - beat wooden sign : " permanent camp no . 9 " " dept . of agriculture " we see the gate to the government camp , a wide gate in a high wire fence , with a caretaker 's shack to one side of the gate . the caretaker stand beside he shack as the joad truck swing off the road , hit a unnotice rut that bounce the whole truck off the ground , and stop . caretaker ( mildly ) you hit 'er too fast . in the front seat Al lean angrily out of the driver 's window . Tom be keep he face away from the caretaker 's line of vision . al what 's the idea of that ? caretaker ( chuckle ) well , a lot a kid play in here . you tell folk to go slow and they liable to forget . but let them hit that hump once and they do not forget ! Al start climb out . pa jump down from the truck . al get any room here for we ? caretaker ( nodd ) you be lucky . fellow just move out half - hour ago . ( point ) down that line and turn to the leave . you will see it . you will be in no. 4 sanitary unit . ma what 's that ? caretaker toilet and shower and washtub . ma you mean you get * washtub ?* a ' runnin ' water ? caretaker yes , mar 'am . ( to Al ) Camp committee will call on you in the morning and get you fix . al ( quickly ) cop ? caretaker no . no cop . folk here elect they own cop . ( to ma ) the lady ' committee will call on you , mar 'am , about the kid and the sanitary unit and who take care of them . ( to Al ) come inside and sign up . as ma , pa , and Al look at each other in almost incredulous bewilderment , Tom climb out of the truck . tom take 'er on down , Al . I will sign . PA we gonna stay , be not we ? tom you be tootin ' we be gonna stay . ( he follow the caretaker into the shack ) inside the shack , Tom enter warily , alert for any indication that either he name or he scar may have be learn and telegraphed here . but the caretaker obviously attaches no significance to either . the shack be bare but for a cot , a table , a chair , and a electric light . the caretaker be seat at the table , pen in hand , a soile ledger open , when Tom enter . caretaker I do not mean to be nosy , y'understand . I just get to have certain information . what 's you name ? tom ( watch he ) joad . Tom joad . caretaker ( write ) how many of you ? the joad truck be see in front of its camp site as the joad descend . al how ' bout it , uncle John ? gotta pitch this tent . JOHN ( groggy with sleep ) I be a-comin ' . ma you do not look so good . JOHN I * be not * so good , but -- I be a-comin ' . inside the caretaker' shack : caretaker Camp site cost a dollar a week , but you can work it out , carry garbage , keep the camp clean -- stuff like that . tom we will work it out . what 's this committee you talkin ' about ? caretaker we get five sanitary unit . each one elect a central committee man . they make the law , a ' what they say go . tom be you aimin ' to tell I that the fella that run this camp be jus ' fella - - campin ' here ? caretaker that 's the way it be . tom ( after a pause ) a ' you say no cop ? caretaker ( shaking he head ) no cop can come in here without a warrant . tom ( marvel ) I can not hardly believe it . Camp I be in once , they burn it out -- the deputy a ' some of they poolroom fella . caretaker they do not get in here . sometimes the boy patrol the fence , especially dance night . tom you get dance too ? caretaker we get the best dance in the county every Saturday night . tom say , who run this place ? caretaker government . tom why be not they more like it ? caretaker ( shortly ) * you * find out , I can not . tom anything like work aroun ' here ? caretaker can not promise you that , but there will be a license agent here tomorrow mornin' , if you want to talk to he . tom ( leave ) ma 's shore gonna like it here . she be not be treat decent for a long time . caretaker ( as Tom be at the door ) that cut you get ? tom ( evenly ) crate fall on I . caretaker better take care of it . store manager will give you some stuff for it in the morning . goodnight . tom goodnight . as he exit we see the government camp , with Tom come out of the shack , amazement still on he face . as he walk slowly down the main camp street we share the revelation of the place to he . it be nearly daylight . rooster crow in the distance . the street be neat and orderly in a military way , its cleanliness in sharp contrast to anything he have know before . Inside the tent people be stir . in front of one tent a woman be cooking breakfast . a baby be in she arm . tom good mornin ' . woman mornin ' . as he walk on , Tom draw a breath of exultation . as he move on , look around , we see the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 , a cheap frame building the purpose of which be pretty obvious . ruthie , warily alert lest she be catch , be peer in the door . she look a long time and then she run out of the scene . winfield be see asleep in a quilt on the ground when ruthie enter and roust he out . ruthie ( in a excited whisper ) git up . I get sump and to show you . winfield ( sleepily ) whatsa matter ? ruthie ( tug he ) it 's they white thing , make outa dish -stuff , like in the catalogue ! he stumble after she . the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 . ruthie be put on a bold front as she lead winfield into sight but she be still alert for interference . ruthie come on . ai not nobody gonna say anything . winfield wo not they ketch we ? he follow she into the unit , big -ey with excitement and apprehension . there be a silence . then : ruthie' voice they 's where you wash you ha n's . another silence . then : winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( uncertainly ) well , I reckon you * stan ' * in they little room -- a ' water come down outa that there little jigger up there -- take a bath ! another silence . then : winfield voice ( excitedly ) jes ' like in the catalogue , be not they ! ruthie' voice ( proudly ) I see them b'fore you do . winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( in alarm ) now do not you go monk 'ing -- there be the sound of a toilet flush . it be a cheap toilet and it be a loud flush which eventually end in a long refilling of the tank just as loudly . there be a paralyze silence . then : ruthie' voice now you do it ! you bust it ! winfield voice I never -- terrify , winfield come dash out of the unit but ruthie grab he just outside the door . beginning to cry , he struggle to get away . winfield lemme go ! I do not go to do it ! ruthie ( fiercely ) keep qui'te , will ya ! shet you mouth ! winfield ( weep ) I never know it ! all I do be pull that string ! ruthie lissen . you do bust it . you hear ? ( they listen to the refilling of the tank ) but lissen here . I will not tell nobody , y'understan ' ? winfield please do not . ruthie I will not -- ( craftily ) -- if you will not tell what * I * do ! he nod quickly . then ruthie begin to walk away with what she fancy be a innocent , nonchalant stroll , yawn casually . sniffle a little , winfield mimic she , a very innocent walk and yawn indeed . the scene dissolves to a ditch . alongside the ditch be some length of concrete pipe . Tom and the two wallace be in the ditch , Tom and Tim pick , wilkie shoveling . tom ( exulting ) if this do not feel good ! wilkie ( chuckle ) wait will about ' leven o'clock , see how good she feel then ! tom seem like a nice frien'ly fella to work for , too . tim lotta this little farmer mighty nice fella . trouble be they be little , they be not get much say -so . tom shore look like my lucky day , anyway . gettin ' some work at las ' . Mr. Thomas , the farmer , a stock man wear a paper sun helmet , enter . his face be worried as he squat down beside the ditch . what he have come to say have take some effort and he be still uncertain and annoyed . the man stop work . thomas lissen here . maybe I be talkin ' myself outa my farm , but I like you fella , so I be gonna tell you . you live in that gov 'ment camp , do not you ? tom ( stiffening ) yes , sir . thomas and you have dance every Saturday night ? wilkie ( smile ) we sure do . thomas well , look out next Saturday night . tim ( suddenly tense ) what you mean ? I belong to the central committee . I get to know . thomas do not you ever tell I tell . tim what be it ? thomas ( angrily ) well , the association do not like the government camp . can not get a deputy in there . can not arrest a man without a warrant . but if there be a big fight , and maybe shoot -- a bunch of deputy could go in and clean out the camp . ( unfold a newspaper ) like last night . lissen . " citizen , angere at red agitator , burn another squatter ' camp , warn agitator to get out of the county . " tom ( sick of the expression ) listen . what * be * this red ? ever ' time you turn aroun ' somebody sayin ' somebody else 's a red . what be this red , anyway ? wilkie ( chuckle ) well , I tell you . they be a fella up the country name King -- get about 30,000 acre a ' a cannery a ' a winery - - a ' he 's all a time talkin ' about red . drivin ' the country to ruin , he say . get to git rid of them , he say . well , they be a young fella jus ' come out a ' he be listenin one day . he kinda scratch he head a ' he say , " Mr. King , what * be * this red you all a time talkin ' about ? " well , sir , Mr. King say , " Young man , a red be any fella that want thirty cent a hour when I be payin ' twenty - five . " thomas ( fretfully ) I be not talkin ' about that one way or the other . all I be say be that there 's go to be a fight in the camp Saturday night . and there 's go to be deputy ready to go in . tom but why ? that fella be not botherin ' nobody . thomas I will tell you why . that folk in to be treat like human . suppose the government close its camp . suppose too many people pass through them . well , when that people go back to the squatter ' camp they will be hard to handle . ( wiping he brow ) go on back to work now . maybe I have talk myself into trouble , but you be folk like we , and I like you . tim ( extend he hand ) nobody will not know who tol ' . we thank you . ( grimly ) a ' they be not gonna be no fight , either . they shake hand . the scene dissolves to the gate to the camp , at night . it be Saturday evening , the night of the dance . glaring electric light hang over the open gate . park jalopy line the highway as the invite guest , small farmer and migrant from other camp and they family , arrive to be greet and check by a committee of three man . committee man ev'nin ' , mar 'am . who would you say invite you ? guest mister an' mizz Clark , they ast we . committee man yes , mar 'am . come right in , mar 'am . there be a air of eager anticipation , of gay celebration , and everyone be in he or she best -- the man in clean wash overall , clean shirt , some with tie , they hair damp and slicked down , the woman in they nicest . through the gate , inside the camp , can be see the outdoor dance floor , brightly light , with the camp musician already tuning up , and around the dance floor score of wide - eye child . inside the gate to the camp , we see wilkie and a dark - complexion man name jule stand among a group inside watch the arrival . they watch sharply , eyeing everyone , listen to every credential . as he employer , Thomas , come through the gate with he wife , wilkie grin and greet he with a handshake . wilkie hidy , Mr. Thomas . hidy , mizz Thomas . thomas ( sotto voce ) you watch out , be not you ? wilkie ( grin ) do not you worry . ai not gonna be no trouble . thomas I hope you know what you be talk about . ( he move away , wilkie grin after he ) we see the dance floor , and after three pat of the foot , to get the tempo , the home talent dance orchestra swing into music . inside the joad tent , rosasharn dress in she nicest , sit grip she hand together , the music seem to bring she to the verge of tear . rosasharn ma ... ( ma turn from drying dish ) ma , I -- I can not go to the dance . I jus ' can not ma. I can not hardly stan ' it , with connie not here - - a ' I this way . ma ( try to cheer she ) why , honey , it make folk happy to see a girl that way -- make folk sort of giggly a ' happy . rosasharn ( miserably ) I can not he 'p it , ma . it do not make * I * giggly a ' happy . drying she hand , ma sit beside rosasharn and take she in she arm . ma ( tenderly ) you a ' I 's goin ' together - - jus ' you a ' I . we be a- goin ' to that dance a ' we be a- goin ' to jus ' set a ' watch . if anybody say to come dance -- why I will say you be poorly . but you a ' I , we be gonna hear the music a ' see the fun . rosasharn a ' you will not let nobody touch I ? ma no -- a ' look what I get for you . smiling mysteriously , ma fish in a pocket in she dress and bring out the envelope of she treasure . from it she produce the earring and hold they up in front of rosasharn 's wide eye . ma ( softly ) I use to wear this -- when you pa come callin ' on I . ( then as she put they on rosasharn 's ear ) you will look pretty in them tonight . they smile at each other , proud in the luxury of ornament . down the road from the gate a touring car with six man pull of the pavement and stop . Three man get out . they be barehead and dress similar to the other migrant . they stroll down the highway toward the gate . the other man , deputy , sit watch they . within the gate : wilkie they tell I you be half injun . you look all injun to I . jule no , jes ' half . wisht I be full - blooded . gov'ment would be lookin ' out for I a ' I would be ridin ' around in a buick eight . the three man from the touring car be at the gate . wilkie and jule watch they . committee man who give you the invitation ? man fella name jackson--buck Jackson . committee man okay . come on in . the three man stroll past wilkie and jule , whose eye follow they . jule they 's we fella . wilkie how you know ? jule jes ' get a feelin' . they be kinda scared too . follow them a ' get a holt of Jackson . see if he know them . I will stay here . wilkie move after they . we see the dance floor . the musician be at it and the fiddler be call turn . fiddler swing you lady a ' a dol ce do . join han 's roun ' a ' away we go ! swing to the right a ' a swing to the lef ' . break , now break -- back to back ! well in front , among the older folk and child who surround the floor , be ma and rosasharn , cling close . a young man stop in front of they . ma ( quietly ) thank you kin'ly but she be not well . as rosasharn 's eye drop . ma bend toward she , a shy smile on she face . ma maybe you would not think it , but you pa be as nice a dancer as I ever see , when he be young . ( with a little sigh ) kinda make I think a ol ' time . the three man stroll into sight and stand watch the dance . one glance at ma and rosasharn but do not speak . ma have smile back at he . wilkie and jackson be see ; remove somewhat from the dance floor they be peer in the direction of the three man . jackson I see them before . worked at gregorio 's with them . but I never ast them . wilkie awright . keep you eye on them . jus ' keep them in sight , that 's all . ( he move quickly away ) we find ourselves inside tim wallace's tent . the five member of the central committee , Tim wallace , chairman , look grave as a 15 - year - old boy report . boy I see them , Mr. wallace . a car with six man park down by the euc'lyptus tree a ' one with three man on the main road . they get gun , too . I see them . tim thank you , Willie . you do good . ( as Willie exit ) well , it look like the fat 's in the far this time . first man ( angrily ) what they deppity want to hurt the camp for ? how come they can not leave we be ? second man what we oughta do , we oughta git we some pickhandle a ' -- tim ( quickly ) no ! that 's what they want . no sir . if they can git a fight goin ' , then they can run in the cop a ' say we be not orderly -- ( he stop as wilkie enter follow by Tom ) wilkie they be here . we get them spot . there be a grim pause at this news . Tim 's eye go hard . tim ( to Tom ) you sure you get ever 'thing ready ? tom ( calmly ) ai not gonna be no trouble . tim ( worriedly ) you be not to hurt they fella . wilkie ( grin ) you do not have to worry . we get ever 'thing arrange . maybe nobody will even see it . tim just do not use no stick nor no knife , no piece a arn . a ' if you get to sock them , sock them where they will not bleed . tom yes , sir . tim awright . a ' if she get outa han ' , I will be in the right han ' corner , this side the dance floor . tom ( blandly ) ai not gonna get outa ha and . wilkie make a mock military salute as he and Tom exit . the committee man look worriedly after they . first man mighty sure a themselves , look like . tim all I hope , I hope they do not kill nobody . in front of the joad tent , dress to kill , be Al , ready for the festivity . he wear a tight - fitting wool suit , a tie on he shirt , yellow shoe , and he hair be damp and slicked down . he rub he hand together in anticipation as he stroll in the direction of the dance floor . at another tent , a blonde girl sit on a box as Al enter . casually he throw open he coat , revealing a vivid stripe shirt . this be design to stun he quarry . al gonna dance tonight ? ( the girl ostentatiously ignore he ) I can waltz . girl ( aloofly ) that 's nothin' -- anybody can waltz . al ( shaking he head ) not like I ! a fat woman thrust she head out of the tent . woman you git right along ! this here girl 's speak for . she 's gonna be marry , a ' she man 's a-comin ' for she . shrugge , Al wink at the girl and move on , step and move he shoulder and snap he finger in time to the music , a very gay fellow indeed . the blonde girl 's eye follow he . then she turn and glance cautiously toward the tent . on the dance floor , we see ma and rosasharn as Tom enter and stand between they . this be during a pause between dance and only a few couple stand on the floor wait for the music to begin again . we also see the three man very casually look around -- but no more casual look than wilkie , stand just behind they , idly whistling . tom ( grin ) she 's gettin ' prettier , ma. ma ( as rosasharn hide she face ) girl with a baby * always * get prettier . the music start again , once more the dancer move onto the dance floor . the three man exchange a glance and step casually to the edge of the dance space , one in the lead . they survey the scene , but for the moment make no further move . the atmosphere be tense . tom ( softly ) Excuse I , ma . ( he move quietly out of the scene , toward the three man ) al , take the blonde girl 's hand , step onto the dance floor . encircle she waist , they begin to dance . they be a smooth , rhythmic couple who move as one be . al well , you say anybody can waltz ... how be * i* doin ' ? blonde girl do not hold I so tight . al ( tongue - in - cheek ) why , I be not hardly touchin ' you ! blonde girl ( squirming ) you be * ticklin ' I !* al ( grab she still closer ) that come from not holdin ' you tight * enough .* blonde girl ( complain but loving it ) now I can not breathe . at this moment the leader of the three man ( the other two directly behind he ) enter the scene . leader I will dance with this girl . al ( angrily ) you a ' who else ? behind the three man a solid wall of migrant be close in quietly , Tom and wilkie in the middle . leader do not gimme no argament -- ( a shrill whistle sound in the distance ) -- you little -- his fist go back , he leave hand reach for Al 's collar . at the same instant Tom grab he , wilkie clap he hand over the leader 's mouth , at least fifteen other man have similarly collard the other two invader , and they be all lift bodily . there be not a sound as the three man , hold in iron grip , be whisk from the dance floor and into the crowd . two touring car have stop in front of the close gate and the deputy have draw gun . driver open up ! we hear you get a riot . caretaker riot ? I do not see no riot . who be you ? driver deputy sheriff . caretaker get a warrant ? driver we do not need a warrant if it 's a riot . caretaker well , I do not know what you gonna do about it , because I do not hear no riot a ' I do not see no riot , a ' what 's more I do not believe they * be * no riot . ( waving toward the dance floor ) look for yourself . as the deputy , puzzle and uncertain , look toward the dance floor , we see the music , the dance , the gaiety continue as if nothing have happen . within the joad tent at night , several hour later : the tent be black , Tom strike a match . from a piece of wood on the ground or floor he select one from several cigarette butt and light it . while he be do so , he lift he head suddenly , and listen . in the camp STREET we catch sight of leg walk , the ground light from a flashlight . two pair of the leg wear state policeman 's leather legging . the third pair be the caretaker 's . they stop behind a car . the flashlight play on the license plate . one of the state cop lean down to copy the license number in a booklet . then they move on . tom have lift the edge of the tent a trifle , enough to see out by flatten he head on the floor . the legs be now see at the joad jalopy . the light be on the license plate . the cop lean over and copy the number . they move on . tom , lowering the edge of the tent , sit up . quietly he push aside the piece of carpet that cover he . he be wear he clothes . we see the policeman 's car at the caretaker 's hut . the two policeman get into the car . caretaker you get no right to arrest anybody without a warrant , you know . first cop we will have a warrant -- just as soon as we check with headquarters . the car drive off , leave the caretaker look somberly after it . within the joad tent , he cap on , fully dress for travel , Tom be tie the end of the carpet into a shoulder bundle . rising , he sling it across he shoulder . as he tiptoe toward the door : ma ai not you gonna tell I goodbye , Tommy ? for a moment he look into the darkness in she direction . tom I do not know , ma . I do not know if I ought . she have rise , pull the quilt around she . he take she by the hand . tom come outside . they go out . Tom lead ma around behind the tent , to a section of wire fence . there be a bench there . Tom lead ma to it and sit she down . he sit beside she . tom they be some cop here , ma . they be takin ' down the license number . it look like somebody know sump and . ma ( softly ) it have to come , I reckon , soon or later . tom I would like to stay . I would like to be with ya - - ( smile ) -- a ' see you face when you a ' pa get settle in a nice little place . I sure wish I could see you then . but -- ( shaking he head ) -- I guess I will not never be able to do that . not now . ma I could hide you , Tommy . tom ( touch she hand ) I know you would , ma. but I be not gonna let you . you hide somebody that 's kilt a man a ' ... a ' you would be in trouble too . ma ( touch he face with she finger ) awright , Tommy . what you figger you gonna do ? tom ( thoughtfully ) you know what I be thinkin ' about , ma? about casy . about what he say , what he do , a ' about how he die . a ' I remember all of it . ma he be a good man . tom I be thinkin ' about we , too -- about we people livin ' like pig , a ' good rich lan ' layin ' fallow , or maybe one fella with a million acre , while a hundred thousan ' farmer be starvin' . a ' I be wonderin ' if all we folk get together a ' yell -- ma ( frighten ) Tommy , they will drive you , a ' cut you down like they do to casy . tom they gonna drive I anyways . soon or later they will get I , for one thing if not another . until then ... ma you do not aim to kill nobody , Tom ! tom no , ma. not that . that be not it . but long as I be a outlaw , anyways , maybe I can do sump and . maybe I can jus ' fin ' out sump and . jus ' scrounge aroun ' a ' try to fin ' out what it be that 's wrong , a then see if they be not sump and could be do about it . ( worriedly ) but I be not think it out clear , ma. I can not . I do not know enough . ma ( after a pause ) how be I gonna know ' bout you ? they might kill you a ' I would not know . they might hurt you . how be I gonna know ? tom ( laugh uneasily ) well , maybe it 's like casy say , a fella be not get a soul of he own , but on 'y a piece of a big soul - - the one big soul that belong to ever 'body -- a ' then ... ma then what , Tom ? tom then it do not matter . then I will be all aroun ' in the dark . I will be ever ' where - - wherever you look . wherever there 's a fight so hungry people can eat , I will be there . wherever there 's a cop beatin ' up a guy , I will be there . I will be in the way guy yell when they be mad - - a ' I will be in the way kid laugh when they be hungry a ' they know supper 's ready . a ' when we people eat the stuff they raise , a ' live in the house they build , why , I will be there too . ma ( slowly ) I do not understan ' it , Tom . tom ( drily ) I neither . ( rising ) it 's jus ' stuff I be thinkin ' about . gimme you han ' , ma. good-by . ( he climb over the fence ) ma good-by , tom. later -- when it 's blow over -- you will come back ? you will try to fin ' we ? tom sure. good-by . ma good-by , Tommy . he walk away . she stand look after he . he 's leave she forever -- she know it . she lift she hand and wave . she try to smile . tom turn , wave , smile . his lip form the word : " good - by , ma . " then he stride away into the darkness . the scene fade out . the joad truck fade in . it stand load in front on the joad tent while Al , pa , uncle John , ma , and the little fella pile in the last article in a fury of excitement . Beyond , in the background , another jalopy be be prepare for travel with the same feverish haste . it be day . al , PA , JOHN ( ad lib ) get they bucket on ! somebody tie down the mattress ! you little fella keep outa the way ! man ( from the other truck , gaily ) what y'all hurryin ' so for ? tell I they get twenny day work . PA yes , sir , a ' we aim to git in all twenny of them . other jalopy in the background be be readied for leave -- a excited , hopeful exodus on a new report of work . al ready , ma ? ma I will get rosasharn . PA ( beam ) all aboard , ever 'body ! all aboard for fresno ! ma come out of the tent support rosasharn tenderly . for the plumpness have go from the girl and she be thin again , she face draw and unhappy , she eye swollen with weep and suffer . ma ( softly ) try to be strong , honey . someday it will be diff'rent -- someday you will have another one . you be still jus ' a little girl , remember . pa take rosasharn 's other arm . he and Al and uncle John help rosasharn onto the truck . she lie down on the mattress , she face away from they . PA make she easy , John . watch she . ma she will be awright . al ( in the driver 's seat ) ready , pa ? PA ( as he and ma climb in the front seat ) let 'er go , gallagher ! the truck wabbles into motion . Al race the engine . it nearly crash another wheeze jalopy at the corner . when it turn the corner we see the gate , and a line of load jalopy that ride out to the highway . the caretaker wave and the migrant wave back . caretaker good luck to you ! good luck , ever 'body ! the joad good-by , Mr. conway ! much oblige to you for ever'thing ! the joad truck turn onto the highway . in the front seat Al be drive , ma in the middle , pa on the outside . al twenty day work , oh boy ! PA be glad to get my han ' on some cotton . that 's the kin ' a pickin ' I understan ' . ma maybe . maybe twenny day work , maybe * no * day work . we be not get it till we get it . al ( grin ) whatsa matter , ma? gettin ' scared ? ma ( smile faintly ) no . ai not ever gonna be scared no more . ( after a pause ) I be , though . for a while I think we be beat --* good * a ' beat . look like we do not have nothin ' in the worl ' but enemy -- be not * no * body frien'ly anymore . it make I feel bad a ' scared too - - like we be lose ... a ' nobody care . al watch I pass that chevvy . PA ( soberly ) you the one that keep we goin ' , ma . I be not no good any more , a ' I know it . seem like I spen ' all my time this day a- thinkin ' how it use 'tat be -- thinkin ' of home - - a ' I be not never gonna see it no more . ma place she hand on one of pa 's and pat it . ma woman can change better and a man . man life in jerk -- baby bear , or somebody die , that 's a jerk -- get a farm , or lose one , an' that 's a jerk . with a woman it 's all one flow , like a stream , little eddyy , little waterfall , but the river it go right on . woman look at it like that . al ( at the jalopy ahead ) look at that ol ' coffeepot steam ! PA ( think of what ma say ) maybe , but we shore takin ' a beatin' . ma ( chuckle ) I know . maybe that make we tough . Rich fella come up a ' they die , an' they kid be not no good , a ' they die out . but we keep a-comin ' . we be the people that live . can not nobody wipe we out . can not nobody lick we . we will go on forever , pa . we be the people . ( she say this with a simple , unaffected conviction ) the truck , steaming and rattling and churn , pass the chevrolet and Al lean out of the window and wave a jeer hand at it . as the joad truck pull in front , we see ruthie and winfield laugh with excitement over the triumph . even uncle John share the general satisfaction . grinning , he wave . as the truck move away along the road , all three and beam and wave . further along the truck pass a sign on the side of the road . it say no help wanted . the scene fade out . the end " the grape of wrath " screenplay by nunnally Johnson base on the novel " the grape of wrath " by John steinbeck a oklahoma pave highway in daylight . at some distance , hoof down the highway , come Tom joad . he wear a new stiff suit of clothes , ill-fitting , and a stiff new cap , which he gradually manage to break down into something comfortable . he come down the leave side of the road , the better to watch the car that pass he . as he approach , the scene change to a roadside short - order restaurant on the right side of the road . from it come the sound of a phonograph play a 1939 popular song . in front of the eatery be a huge diesel truck label : oklahoma CITY transport company . the driver , a heavy man with army breech and high - lace boot , come out of the restaurant , the screen door slamm behind he . he be chew on a toothpick . a waitress appear at the door , behind the screen . waitress when you be back ? driver couple a week . do not do nothin ' you would not want I to hear about ! we see he climb into the cab of the truck from the right side . get behind the wheel , he be release the handbrake when Tom appear at the driver 's seat window . tom how about a lift , mister ? driver can not you see that sticker ? he indicate a " no rider " sticker on the windshield . tom sure I see it . but a good guy do not pay no attention to what some heel make he stick on he truck . after a moment of hesitation the driver release the brake . driver scrunch down on the run board till we get around the bend . as Tom scrunches down on the run board the driver throw the truck into gear and it move . the scene dissolves to the cab of the truck . it be day , and Tom be seat beside the driver , who be surreptitiously eyeing he , try to confirm some suspicion -- a inspection which Tom ignore at first . driver goin ' far ? tom ( shaking he head ) just a few mile . I would a walk she if my dog be not poope out . driver lookin ' for a job ? tom no , my old man get a place , forty acre . he 's a sharecropper , but we be there a long time . driver ( after a curious glance ) oh ! cautiously , the driver 's eye drop to Tom 's foot . we see tom' shoe . they be prison shoe - - new , stiff and bulky . curiosity be in the eye of the driver as they shoot a swift glance at Tom . tom be look straight ahead , with the dead - pan look that prisoner get when they be try to conceal something . the driver be eye take in Tom 's hand and the stiff coat . driver be doin ' a job ? tom yeah . driver I see you hand . you be swinging a pick or a sledge -- that shine up you hand . I notice little thing like that all the time . ( after a pause ) get a trade ? tom ( evenly ) why do not you get to it , buddy ? driver ( uneasily ) get to what ? tom you know what I mean . you be givin ' I a goin ' over ever since I get in . why not you go on and ask I where I be ? driver I do not stick my nose in nobody 's business . tom naw -- not much ! driver ( a little frighten ) I stay in my own yard . tom ( without emotion ) listen . that big nose of yours be goin ' over I like a sheep in a vegetable patch . but I be not keepin ' it a secret . I be in the penitentiary . be there four year . like to know anything else ? driver you be not get to get sore . tom ( coldly ) go ahead . ask I anything you want . driver I do not mean nothing . tom I neither . I be just tryin ' to get along without shovin ' anybody around , that 's all . ( after a pause ) see that road up ahead ? driver yeah . tom that 's where I get off . with a sigh of relief the driver put he foot on the brake . the truck stop and Tom get out . he look at the uneasy driver contemptuously . tom you be about to bust to know what I do , be not you ? well , I be not a guy to let you down . ( confidentially ) homicide ! the driver throw the truck into gear . he do not like this at all . driver I never ask you ! tom ( as the truck move away ) sure , but you would a throw a fit if I have not tol ' you . he look indifferently after the truck and then start on foot down the dirt crossroad . a wind have begin to blow . the scene dissolves to the roadside under a willow tree in daylight . the wind be still blow . sitting on the ground , he back against the tree , casy , a long , lean man in overall , blue shirt , and one sneaker , be fix something on the other dirty sneaker . to the tune of " yes , Sir , that 's my baby " he be absent- mindedly sing . casy mmmmm he 's my saviour . mmmmm my saviour , mmmmmmmmmm my saviour now . ( look up as Tom come down the road ) howdy , friend . carry he coat under he arm , tom wipe he face with he cap as he cut off the road to acknowledge the greeting . tom howdy . he stop , grateful for the momentary relief of the shade . casy say , be not you young Tom joad - - ol ' Tom 's boy ? tom ( surprised ) yeah . on my way home now . casy well , I do declare ! ( grinning ) I baptize you , son . tom ( stare ) why , you be the preacher ! casy * use * to be . not no more . I lose the call . ( reminiscently ) but boy , I sure *use * to have it ! I would get a irrigation ditch so squirmin ' full of repent sinner I pretty near * drown * half of them ! ( sigh ) but not no more . I lose the sperit . tom ( with a grin ) pa always say you be never cut out to be a preacher . casy I get nothin ' to preach about no more -- that 's all . I be not so sure o' thing . tom maybe you should a get yourself a wife . casy ( shake he head sadly ) at my meetin 's I use to get the girl glory - shoutin ' till they about pass out . then , I would go to comfort them - - and always end up by lovin ' them . I would feel bad , a ' pray , a ' pray , but it do not do no good . next time , do it again . I figgered there just be not no hope for I . tom I never let one go by I when I could catch she . casy but you be not a preacher . a girl be just a girl to you . but to I they be holy vessel . I be savin ' they soul . ( fervently ) I ast myself -- what *is * this call , the Holy sperit ? maybe * that 's * love . why , I love everybody so much I be fit to bust sometimes ! so maybe there be not no sin a ' there be not no virtue . there 's just what people do . some thing folk do be nice , and some be not so nice . but that 's as far as any man 's get a right to say . tom ( after a moment , figure there be no percentage in continue this philosophical discussion , pull out a flask , which he extend ) have a little snort ? casy ( hold the flask ) course I will say grace if somebody set out the food -- ( shaking he head ) -- but my heart be not in it . ( he take a long pull ) Nice drinkin ' liquor . tom ought to be . that 's fact 'ry liquor . cost I a buck . casy ( hand back the flask ) be out travelin ' around ? tom do not you hear ? it be in the papers . casy no , I never . what ? tom I be in the penitentiary for four year . ( he drink ) casy Excuse I for ask . tom I do not mind any more . I would do what I do again . I kill a guy at a dance . we be drunk . he get a knife in I and I laid he out with a shovel . knocked he head plumb to squash . casy and you be not ashamed ? tom ( shaking he head ) he have a knife in I . that 's why they only give I seven year . get out in four -- parole . casy ai not you see you folk since then ? tom ( put on he coat ) no , but I aim to before sundown . gettin ' kind of excited about it , too . which way you go ? casy ( put on he sneaker ) it do not matter . ever since I lose the sperit it look like I just as soon go one way as the other . ( rising ) I will go you way . they pause at the edge of the shade , squint up at the sky , and then move off . the scene dissolves to the surface of a dirt road by daylight . leave be scuttling across it . the top soil begin to fly up . it be not a hard wind as yet , but it be steady and persistent . Tom 's and casy 's foot walk into sight . tom maybe ma will have pork for supper . I be not have pork but four time in four year -- every Christmas . casy I will be glad to see you pa . last time I see he be at a baptizin ' , a ' he have one a the bigge ' dose of the Holy sperit I ever see . he go to jumpin ' over bush , howlin ' like a dog-wolf in moon - time . fin'ly he pick hisself out a bush big as a piana a ' he let out a squawk a ' take a run at that bush . well , sir , he clear she but he bust he leg snap in two . they be a travellin ' dentist there and he set she , an' I give she a prayin ' over , but they be not no more Holy sperit in you pa after that . tom ( worriedly ) lissen . this wind 's fixi not to * do * somepin ' ! casy shore it be . it always be , this time a year . Tom , hold he cap on he head with he hand , look up ... the top of the tree be bend before the wind . tom and casy continue walk . casy be it fur ? tom ( still look back ) just around that next bend . tom and casy be almost be blow along and dust be rise from the road . casy ( lift he voice above the wind ) you granma be a great one , too . the third time she get religion she go it so powerful she knock down a full - grow deacon with she fist . tom ( point ahead ) that 's we place . the joad cabin be a ancient , bleak , sway - back building . there be neither sign of life or habitation about it . casy ( look back ) and it be not any too close , either ! we better run ! a dust STORM , like a black wall , rise into the sky , move forward . tom and casy be run , but look back over they shoulder as the dust STORM near . Dust rise from the ground to join and thicken the black wall . tom and casy be see racing down the road to the cabin , the wind whipping up the dust . the two man smack open the door and slam it shut after they . the screen begin to grow dark as the storm sweep over the land . it become black . in the cabin , it be black too , but the sound be different . in addition to the sound of the wind there be the soft hiss of sand against the house . tom' voice ma ?... pa ?... ai not nobody here ? ( after a long silence ) somepin 's happen . casy' voice you get a match ? tom' voice there be some piece of candle always on a shelf . presently , after shuffle about , he have find they and light one . he hold it up , lighting the room . a couple of wooden box be on the floor , a few miserable discard thing , and that 's all . Tom 's eye be bewilder . tom they be all go -- or dead . casy they never write you nothing ? tom no . they be not people to write . from the floor he pick up a woman 's high button shoe , curl up at the toe and break over the instep . tom this be ma' . have them for year . drop the shoe , he pick up a batter feel hat . tom this use to be mine . I give it to grampa when I go away . ( to casy ) you reckon they could be dead ? casy I never hear nothin ' about it . drop the hat , he move with the candle toward the door to the back , the only other room of the cabin . he stand in the doorway , hold the candle high . in the back room the scene move from Tom at the door across the room to the shadow , where a skinny little man sit motionless , wide - eye , stare at Tom . his name be muley . muley Tommy ? tom ( enter ) muley ! where 's my folk , muley ? muley ( dully ) they go . tom ( irritate ) I know that ! but * where * they go ? muley do not reply . he be look up at casy as he enter . tom ( to casy ) this be muley grave . ( to muley ) you remember the preacher , do not you ? casy I be not no preacher anymore . tom ( impatiently ) all right , you remember the * man* then . muley and casy glad to see you again . glad to see you . tom ( angrily ) now where be my folk ? muley go -- ( hastily ) -- over to you uncle John 's . the whole crowd of them , two week ago . but they can not stay there either , because John 's get * he * notice to get off . tom ( bewilder ) but what 's happen ? how come they get to get off ? we be here fifty year -- same place . muley ever 'body get to get off . ever 'body leavin ' , goin ' to California . my folk , you folk , ever 'body 's folk . ( after a pause ) ever 'body but I . I be not gettin ' off . tom but who do it ? muley listen ! ( impatiently Tom listen to the storm ) that 's some of what do it -- the duster . start it , anyway . blowin ' like this , year after year -- blowin ' the land away , blowin ' the crop away , blowin ' we away now . tom ( angrily ) be you crazy ? muley ( simply ) some say I be . ( after a pause ) you want to hear what happen ? tom that 's what I ask you , be not it ? muley be see at close range . not actually crazy , muley be a little touch . his eye rove upward as he listen to the sound of the storm , the sough of the wind and the soft hiss of the sand . then ... muley the way it happen -- the way it happen to I -- the man come one day ... the scene dissolves to muley' dooryard . it be a soft spring day , with the peaceful sound of the country . seat in a three - year- old touring car be the man , a city man with a collar and tie . he hate to do what he be do and this make he gruff and curt , to hide he misgiving . squatted beside the car be muley , he son- in - law , and a half - grow son . at a respectful distance stand muley 's wife , he daughter , with a baby in she arm , and a small barefoot girl , watch worriedly . the man soberly trace mark on the ground with small stick . a hound dog sniff at the automobile wheel . the man fact of the matter , muley , after what they duster do to the land , the tenant system do not work no more . it do not even break even , much less show a profit . one man on a tractor can handle twelve or fourteen of this place . you just pay he a wage and take * all * the crop . muley but we could not * do * on any less and what we share be now . ( look around ) the chillun be not gettin ' enough to eat as it be , and they be so rag we would be shame if ever ' body else 's chillun be not the same way . the man ( irritably ) I can not help that . all I know be I get my order . they tell I to tell you you get to get off , and that 's what I be tell you . muley stand in anger . the two young man pattern after he . muley you mean get off my own land ? the man now do not go blame I . it be not *my * fault . son whose fault be it ? the man you know who own the land -- the shawnee land and cattle company . muley who 's the shawnee land and cattle comp'ny ? the man it be not nobody . it 's a company . son they get a pres'dent , be not they ? they get somebody that know what a shotgun 's for , be not they ? the man but it be not * he * fault , because the * bank * tell he what to do . son ( angrily ) all right . where 's the bank ? the man ( fretfully ) Tulsa . but what 's the use of pick on he ? he be not anything but the manager , and half crazy hisself , try to keep up with he order from the east ! muley ( bewilder ) then who * do * we shoot ? the man ( step on the starter ) brother , I do not know . if I do I would tell you . but I just do not know * who 's * to blame ! muley ( angrily ) well , I be right here to tell you , mister , be not * nobody * go to push I off *my * land ! grampa take up this land seventy year ago . my pa be bear here . we be * all * bear on it , and some of we get kill on it , and some die on it . and that 's what make it ourn -- bein ' bear on it , and workin ' it , and dyin ' on it -- and not no piece of paper with writin ' on it ! so just come on and try to push I off ! the scene dissolves to the back room . the sound of the storm be hear again as Tom and casy watch muley . tom ( angrily ) well ? muley ( without emotion ) they come . they come and push I off . we see muley at close range . muley they come with the cat . tom' voice the what ? muley the cat -- the caterpillar tractor . the scene dissolves to a montage of tractor : tractor loom over hillock , flatten fence , through gully , they driver look like robot , with goggle , dust mask over mouth and nose -- one after the other , crossing and recross as if to convey the impression that this be a invasion of machine - man from some other world . muley' voice and for ever ' one of them ten-fifteen family get throw outa they home -- one hundred folk with no place to live but on the road . the rance , the perrys , the peterse , the joadse - - one after another they get throw out . half the folk you and I know -- throw right out into the road . the one that get I come a month ago . the scene dissolves to muley' farm . we see the back of muley and the two young man stand shoulder to shoulder watch a lumber tractor head straight toward they . it be at some distance . muley hold a shotgun . his son have a baling hook . the son-in - law have a two - by-four . behind they be they cabin . frightened and huddle together be the woman and child . the roar of the tractor come closer . muley ( shouting ) you come any closer and I be gonna blow you right outa that cat ! ( he lift he shotgun ) the tractor continue to lumber along , its driver goggle and black of face where he dust mask do not cover . muley lift he shotgun to he shoulder , and aim . muley I * tol '* you ! the tractor stop . the driver take off he goggle and dust mask . like the other he 's a country boy . his face be sullen . muley be lowering he shotgun . there be a surprise in he face as he recognize the driver . muley why , you be Joe Davis 's boy ! he move forward , follow by he son and son-in - law in the tractor . Davis be wiping he face as they walk toward he . davis I do not like nobody drawin ' a bead on I . muley then what be you doin ' this kind a thing for -- against you own people ? davis for three dollar a day , that 's what I be doin ' it for . I get two little kid . I get a wife and my wife 's mother . they people get to eat . fust and on'y thing I get to think about be my own folk . what happen to other folk be they lookout . muley but this be * my land * , son . do not you understand ? davis ( put he goggle back on ) * use * to be you land . balong to the comp'ny now . we see the womenfolks . a small girl pull she mother 's dress . girl what 's he fixin ' to do , mar ? ma hush ! back to the tractor and the men : muley ( grimly ) have it you own way , son , but just as sure as you touch my house with that cat I be gonna blow you plumb to kingdom come . davis ( contemptuously ) you be not gonna blow nobody nowhere . first place , you would get hang and you know it . for another , it would not be two day before they would have another guy here to take my place . and the tractor roar into slow motion again ... we see the house and tractor . the womenfolks scamper out of the way as the tractor head for a corner of the house . it go over a ramshackle fence and then a feeble little flower bed . muley and the two young man walk along . breathe hard , frighten and desperate , muley be shouting warning at Davis , but the roar of the tractor drown he voice . the dog bark excitedly , snarling at the tractor . the womenfolks stand watch , terrify but dead pan , until a cry burst from muley 's wife . wife do not ! please do not ! the little girl begin to whimper . muley I be tellin ' you ! the tractor move across the yard , nose a chair out of the way , and with a rending of board hit a corner of the house , knock a part of the foundation away . the corner of the house sink . muley lift he shotgun , aim it , hold it , and then slowly lower it . as he stand look at what have happen he shoulder sag . he seem almost to shrink . the scene dissolves to muley , once more in the back room of Tom 's old home , as the sound of the storm continue . muley ( dully ) what be the use . he be right . there be not a thing in the world I could do about it . tom ( bewilder ) but it do not seem possible -- kick off like that ! muley the rest of my fambly set out for the west -- there be not nothin ' to eat -- but I could not leave . somepin ' would not let I . so now I just wander around . sleep wherever I be . I use to tell myself I be lookin ' out for thing , so when they come back ever ' thing would be all right . but I know that wa not true . there be not nothin ' to look out for . and be not nobody comin ' back . they be go -- and I , I be just a 'ol graveyard ghost -- that 's all in the world I be . Tom rise in he agitation and bewilderment . muley you think I be touch . casy ( sympathetically ) no . you be lonely -- but you be not touch . muley it do not matter . if I be touch , I be touch , and that 's all there be to it . tom ( still unable to grasp it all ) what I can not understand be my folk takin ' it ! like mar ! I see she nearly beat a peddler to death with a live chicken . she aim to go for he with a ax she have in the other hand but she get mix up and forget which hand be which and when she get through with that peddler all she have leave be two chicken leg . he look down at muley . muley just a plain 'ol graveyard ghost , that 's all . his eye be dull on the floor . the sound of the dust storm continue strongly . the scene dissolves to the exterior of the cabin at night . it be several hour later and the sound of the storm have fade out . now all be silence as first Tom , then casy , and finally muley step out of the cabin and look around . there be still a slight fog of dust in the air , and cloud of powderlike dust shoot up around they foot . all three man have wet rag tie over they mouth and nose . tom she 's settlin ' . casy what you figger to do ? tom it 's hard to say . stay here till mornin ' a ' then go on over to uncle john' , I reckon . after that I do not know . muley ( grab Tom ) listen ! ( faint sound of motor ) that 's they ! they light ! come on , we get to hide out ! tom ( angrily ) hide out for what ? we be not doin ' nothin' . muley ( terrify ) you be * trespassin ' * ! it be not you lan ' no more ! a ' that 's the supr'tendant -- with a gun ! casy come on , Tom . you be on parole . a car approach at some distance , the headlight move up and down as the car ride a dirt road . a part of the cotton field : muley lead the way . muley all you get to do be lay down a ' watch . tom ( as they lie down ) wo not they come out here ? muley ( snicker ) I do not think so . one come out here once a ' I clipped he from behin ' with a fence stake . they be not bother since . the exterior of the cabin : the car stop . a strong searchlight flash on and go over the cabin . man ( in car ) muley ? ( after a pause ) he be not here . the car move on . tom , casy and muley lie flat , listen to the sound of the car go away . tom anybody ever ' tol I I would be hidin ' out on my own place ...! he whistle , as the scene fade out . dried cornstalk , see by daylight , fade in . the cornstalk , they root blow clean and clear of the earth , lie fall in one direction . this be what have happen to farm that be once rich and green . then uncle John 's cabin come into view . it be just after sunup . the air be fill with country sound -- a shrill chorus of bird , a dog bark in the distance . the cabin be of the same general appearance as the joad cabin but even smaller . smoke curl from the chimney . we see a platter on a table , inside the cabin . the platter be fill with sidemeat . over the scene come ma joad 's voice . ma' voice Lord , make we thankful for what we be about to receive , for his sake . amen . as she speak , a man 's scrawny hand reach forward and sneak out a piece of sidemeat . five people be seat around the breakfast table on chair or box . they be pa , grampa , granma , noah , and uncle John . two child , ruthie and winfield , stand to the table , because there be no more chair . they head be all bent as ma , stand with a fork in she hand between the table and the stove , end the grace . head lift and there be a bustle as ma turn back to the fry pork on the stove and the other truck into they food . granma point a spiteful finger at grampa . granma I see you ! -- you et durin ' grace ! grampa ( indignantly ) one little ole dab ! -- one teeny little ole dab ! ruthie and winfield , though they be shoveling it in , be grin at grampa . ruthie ( in a snicker whisper to winfield ) ai not he messy though ! granma ( viciously ) I see he ! -- gobblin ' away like a ole pig ! grampa why not you keep you eye shet durin ' grace , you ole ... noah be solemnly study a handbill . over he shoulder the handbill can be read : " 800 picker wanted -- work in california " we see noah and uncle JOHN . noah ( who be a half - wit ) what 's it say again ? JOHN say plenty work in California - - peach . eight hundred picker need . noah frown at the print . grampa ( who have mush on he mouth ) wait will I get to California ! gonna reach up and pick I a orange whenever I want it ! or grape . that there 's somethin' I be not * never * have enough of ! gonna get I a whole bunch a grape off a bush and I be gonna squash them all over my face and just let the juice dreen down offen my chin ! granma ( in a feeble bleat ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! grampa ( expand ) maybe I get I a whole * washtub * fulla they grape and jest sit in them and scrooge around till they be go ! ( sigh ) I shore would like to do that ! ruthie and winfield be snicker . ruthie have smear she face with mush . she pull winfield around to see . ruthie ( whisper ) look . I be grampa ! she begin to slobber in mimicry . winfield snicker . at that instant ma enter , unobserve , and without a word give ruthie a fine wallop . nobody else pay any attention to the slap as ma , a bucket in she hand , move on toward the door . we see she now in the backyard , first at the door , then move toward the well . she stop dead still , she eye gaze outward . tom be look at the household goods pile around the yard , to be take to California . casy be in the background . then Tom look up and see ma ( out of the scene ) . his face soften . he move toward she . ma ( softly - - she eye close ) thank God . oh thank God . ( in sudden terror as he approach ) Tommy , you do not * bust * out , didya ? you be not get to hide , have you ? tom no , ma. I be parole . I get my papers . with a sigh and a smile , and she eye full of wonder , she feel he arm . her finger touch he cheek , as if she be blind . swell with emotion , Tom bite he lip to control himself . ma I be so scared we be goin ' away without you -- and we would never see each other again . tom I would a find you , ma. casy , with great politeness , turn he back to the scene and keep well away from it . tom now look around at the dusty furniture pile around the yard . tom muley tol ' I what happen , ma. be we goin ' to California true ? ma we * get * to , Tommy . but that 's gonna be awright . I see the han'bills , about how much work they be , a ' high wage , too . but I gotta fin ' out somepin ' else first , Tommy . ( breathlessly ) do they hurt you , son ? do they hurt you a ' make you mean-mad ? tom ( puzzle ) mad , ma ? ma sometimes they do . tom ( gently ) no , ma I be at first -- but not no more . ma ( not yet quite convinced ) sometimes they do something ' to you , Tommy . they hurt you -- and you get mad -- and then you get mean - - and they hurt you again -- and you get meaner , and meaner -- till you be not no boy or no man any more , but just a walkin ' chunk a mean -mad . do they hurt you like that , Tommy ? tom ( grin ) no , ma. you do not have to worry about that . ma thank god. I -- I do not want no mean son ( she love he with she eye ) at the door , pa be stare toward they , he mouth open . PA ( almost to himself ) it 's Tommy ! ( then shouting inside ) it 's Tommy back ! ( head for Tom ) what would you do , son -- bust out ? inside uncle john' cabin , all but granma be stare toward the door . then all but granma scramble to they foot , head for the door . winfield and ruthie ( in a excited chant ) Tom 's outa ja-ul ! Tom 's outa ja-ul ! grampa I know it ! could not keep he in ! can not keep a joad in ! I know it from the fust ! the child and grampa scramble out first , follow hurriedly but less rowdily by uncle John and noah . granma , aware only that there be some excitement , look interestedly after they but decide against any activity . granma ( vaguely ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! ( she resume eat ) in the backyard , the prodigal son , mother and father proudly beside he , be have he hand wrung by grampa , who vainly try to button various button of he shirt , as always . the two child jump up and down excitedly but be too shy to force themselves into the reception . grampa ( to pa ) you know what I al 'ay say : " Tom will come bustin ' outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence . " can not keep no joad in jail ! tom ( grin ) I do not bust out . they lemme out . howya , noah . howya , uncle John . noah and JOHN Fine , Tommy . glad to see you . grampa ( to anybody ) I be the same way myself . put I in jail and I would bust right out . could not hold I ! as Tom chuck the two child under the chin , the rattling roar of a jalopy cause all to turn to look . noah ( confidentially ) bust out ? tom ( shaking he head ) parole . the roar increase . a home-built truck come around the corner of the house . once a Hudson sedan , the top have be cut in two and a truck body construct . it be drive now by Al , and on the front seat with he be rosasharn and connie . the arrival , as the truck move into the yard , increase the excitement , and the scene be a little incoherent with the talk and shouting and the noise of the jalopy . al and rosasharn hi , Tom ! howya doin ' ? tom ( surprised and pleased ) rosasharn ! hi , rosasharn ! howya , Al ! grampa ( wildly ) the jailbird 's back ! the jailbird 's back ! omne hi , ma! hi , connie ! hiya , grampa ! PA ( to Tom ) that 's connie Rivers with she . they be marry now . ( confidentially ) she 's due about three - four month . tom ( marvel ) why , she be not no more and a kid when I go up . al ( eagerly as he jump down ) you bust outa jail , Tom ? tom ( patiently ) naw . they parole I . al ( let down ) oh. rosasharn heh 'o tom. ( proudly ) this be connie , my husband . tom ( shaking hand ) if this do not beat all ! ( chuckle ) well , I see you be busy already ! rosasharn ( gasp ) you do not see either ! -- not yet ! at the whoop of laughter that go up from all , she turn in a fine simulation of maidenly mortification , and throw herself into connie 's arm , hide she face against he chest . after a moment of surprise , a slow , happy , fatuous grin begin to broaden he face . he beam , whereupon they delight increase , the man roaring and jeer and slapping they leg , the woman make modest effort to suppress they amusement . omne lookut he face ! y'see he face ? lookut rosasharn ! y'ever see anything like she face when Tom say it ? look around , rosasharn ! let 's see it again ! a automobile horn sound sharply . they laughter halt as though cut by a knife , they look off . a touring car have stop in the road by the house , the engine still run . one man drive , the other talk . man hey , joad ! John joad ! in the backyard the people be silent , they face without expression , as all gaze toward the touring car . man ai not forget , have you ? JOHN we be not forget . man comin ' through here tomorrow , you know . JOHN I know . we be out . we be out by sunup . the touring car 's engine be still hear after the man drive off . the joad watch the car , they head turn , they eye follow , expressionless . the scene dissolves to the backyard just before dawn . now and then a rooster crow . a couple of lantern light the scene as the man load the truck . it be nearly do , the body pile high but flat with box , and more tie on run board . Al have the hood open and be work on the motor . noah , casy , uncle John , connie , pa , and Tom be at various task . they talk as they work . tom ( to pa ) how you get all this money ? PA sol ' thing , chop cotton - - even grampa . get we about two hunnerd dollar all tol ' . shuck out seventy - five for this truck , but we still get nearly a hunnerd and fifty to set out on . I figger we oughta be able to make it on that . tom ( dryly ) easy . after all , they be not but about * twelve * of we , be they ? al ( proudly close the hood ) she will prob'ly ride like a bull calf -- but she will ride ! PA reckon we better begin roustin' them out if we aim to get outa here by daylight . how about it , John ? how you boy comin ' ? ( he cast a critical eye over the truck ) inside the cabin , ma sit on a box in front of the stove . the fire door be open and the light shine out . the room itself have be pretty well stripped , with only trash and discard thing leave . in ma 's lap be a pasteboard shoebox and she be go through the meager treasure store in it , to see what must go and what she can take with she . her eye be soft and thoughtful as each item bring a memory , but not sad . occasionally she smile faintly . she pull out a letter , look at it , start to throw it into the fire , then put it back in the box . her hand pull out a picture postcard . we see it in ma 's hand . it be a picture of the statue of Liberty . over it : " greeting from New York City . " she turn it over . it be address : " Mrs. joad rfd 254 oklahomy territory . " in the space for a message : " hello honey . willy mae . " ma , after a moment of study it , throw the card into the fire . she lift the letter again , put it back . she pull out a wear newspaper clipping . we see it in ma 's hand . the headline be : " joad get seven year . " ma drop the clipping into the fire . rummaging around , she pull out a small china dog . we see it closely as before . on it be print : " souvenir of Louisiana purchase exposition -- St. Louis -- 1904 . " ma study the dog , smile , remember something that it mean in she life . then she put in in a pocket in she dress . next she pull out some piece of cheap jewelry ; one cuff link , a baby 's signet ring , two earring . she smile at the ring , then pocket it . the cuff link too . the earring she hold for a moment longer , then look around to make sure nobody see , then hold they to she ear , not look into any kind of a mirror , just feel they against the lobe of she ear , as once perhaps she wear they . her eye be grave . tom ( from the door ) how about it , ma ? ma I be ready . Tom disappear . ma look at the earring , and then at the content of the box . she lift out the letter again and look at it . then , without drama , she drop it into the fire . she watch it burn . her eye be still on the flame as she call . ma rosasharn honey ! wake up the chillun . we be fixin ' to leave . the flame die down . in the backyard it be grey dawn . there be a thrill of quiet excitement as they all stand around the load truck , hat on , put on coat . the one miss be ma , rosasharn , the child , and grampa . pa be in charge . PA ( as ma come out of the cabin ) where 's grampa ? Al , go git he . granma ( try to climb in the front seat ) I be gonna sit up front ! somebody he 'p I ! Tom easily lift she up the step . the two child come run out of the house , chant . ruthie and winfield goin ' to California ! goin ' to California ! PA you kid climb up first , on top . ( all obey as he direct ) Al 's gonna drive , ma . you sit up there with he and granma and we will swap around later . granma I be not gonna sit with grampa ! PA connie , you he 'p rosasharn up there alongside ruthie and winfiel ' . ( look around ) where 's grampa ? granma ( with a cackle ) where he al 'ay be , prob'ly ! PA well , leave he a place , but noah , you and John , y'all kinda find yourself a place -- kinda keep it even all around . all have obey and be aboard but pa , Tom , and casy , who be watch the spring flatten out . tom think she will hold ? casy if she do it will be a miracle outa scripture . grampa' voice lemmo go , gol dang it ! lemmo go , I tell you ! all turn . in a corner of the house Al be pull grampa gently but firmly , the old man hold back , and furious . he flail feebly at Al , who hold he head out of the way without effort . al he be not sleepin' . he be settin ' out back a the barn . they 's somepin ' wrong with he . grampa ef you do not let I go -- Al permit grampa to jerk loose and sit down on the doorstep . the old man be miserable and frighten and angry , too old to understand or accept such a violent change in he life . Tom and pa come up to he . the other watch solemnly from they place in the truck . tom what 's the matter , grampa ? grampa ( dully , sullenly ) ai not nothin ' the matter . I just be not a-goin ' , that 's all . PA what you mean you be not goin ' ? we * get * to go . we get no place to stay . grampa I be not talkin ' about you , I be talkin ' about I . and I be a-stayin ' . I give she a good goin ' over all night long -- and I be a-stayin' . PA but you can not * do * that , grampa . this here land be goin ' under the tractor . we * all * get to git out . grampa all but I ! I be a-stayin' . tom how ' bout granma ? grampa ( fiercely ) take she with you ! ma ( get out of the truck ) but who would cook for you ? how would you live ? grampa muley 's livin ' , be not he ? and I be *twicet * the man muley be ! PA ( on he knee ) now listen , grampa . listen to I , just a minute . grampa ( grimly ) and I be not gonna listen either . I tol ' you what I be gonna do . ( angrily ) and I do not give a hoot in a hollow if they 's orange and grape crowdin ' a fella outa bed even , I be not a - goin ' to California ! ( pick up some dirt ) this here 's my country . I b'long * here * . ( look at the dirt ) it be not no good -- ( after a pause ) -- but it 's mine . tom ( after a silence ) ma. pa . ( they move toward the cabin with he ) grampa , he eye hurt and hunt and frighten and bewilder , scratch in the dirt . grampa ( loudly ) and can not nobody * make * I go , either ! ai not nobody here * man * enough to make I ! I be a-stayin' . all watch he worriedly . inside the cabin : tom either we get to tie he up and * throw * he on the truck , or somepin . he can not stay here . PA can not tie he . either we will hurt he or he will git so mad he will hurt he self . ( after think ) reckon we could git he * drunk * ? tom ai not no whisky , be they ? ma wait . there 's a half a bottle a soothin ' sirup here . ( in the trash in the corner ) it put the chillun to sleep . tom ( taste it ) do not taste bad . ma ( look in the pot ) and they 's some coffee here . I could fix he a cup ... tom that 's right . and douse some in it . PA ( watch ) better give he a good 'un . he 's awful bull - head . ma be already pour coffee into a can as grampa be see . grampa ( mumble defiantly ) if muley can scrabble along , I can do it too . ( suddenly sniff ) I smell sparerib . somebody be eatin ' sparerib ? how come I be not get some ? ma ( from the door ) get some save for you , grampa . get them warmin ' now . here 's a cuppa coffee . grampa ( take the cup ) awright , but get I some a they sparerib , too . get I a whole mess of them . I be hongry . he drink the coffee . pa and Tom watch he . he notice nothing . he take another dram of the coffee . grampa ( amiably ) I shore do like sparerib . he drink again . the scene dissolves to the truck . it be just after dawn . pa , Tom , and noah be lift grampa into the truck . he mumble angrily , but be unconscious of what be happen . PA ( fretfully ) easy , * easy !* you wanta bust he head wide open ? pull he arm , John . grampa ( mumble ) ai not a- goin ' , thas all ... PA put somepin ' over he , so he will not git sun-struck . ( look around ) ever 'body set now ? ( a chorus of response ) awright , Al , letta go ! the engine rattles and roar shakily . grinning with excitement , pa sit down and pat grampa clumsily . PA you be awright , grampa . the truck start to move heavily . casy stand watch it . casy good -by , a ' good luck . PA hey , wait ! hold 'er , Al ! ( the car stop ) ai not you goin ' with we ? casy ( after a pause ) I would like to . there 's something ' happenin ' out there in the wes ' a ' I would like to try to learn what it be . if you feel you get the room ... he stop politely . pa look from one face to the other in the truck -- a swift , silent canvass -- and though no one speak or give any other sign , pa know that the vote be yes . PA ( heartily ) come on , get on , plenty room ! omne sure , come on , casy , plenty room ! quickly he climb aboard . the truck rattles into motion again . PA ( excitedly ) here we go ! tom ( grin ) California , here we come ! as they all look back the desert cabin be see from the depart truck . now we see the family in the truck , as it snort and rattles toward the road -- a study of facial expression as the joad family look back for the last time at they home . connie and rosasharn , whisper , giggle , and slapping , be oblivious of the event . ruthie and winfield be tremble with excitement . but Tom 's and pa 's smile have disappear , and all the man be gaze back thoughtfully and soberly , they mind occupy with the solemnity of this great adventure . in the front seat of the truck . Al be drive . granma be already doze . ma look steadily ahead . al ( grin ) ai not you gonna look back , ma ? -- give the ol ' place a last look ? ma ( coldly shaking she head ) we be goin ' to California , be not we ? awright then , let 's * go * to California . al ( sober ) that do not sound like you , ma . you never be like that before . ma I never have my house push over before . I never have my fambly stick out on the road . I never have to lose ... ever 'thing I have in life . she continue to stare straight ahead . the truck be lumber up onto a paved highway . the scene dissolves to a montage : almost fill the screen be the shield marker of the U.S. highway 66 . superimpose on it be a montage of jalopy , steaming and rattling and pile high with goods and people , as they pull onto the highway , to indicate as much as possible that this departure of the joad family be but part of a mass movement of jalopy and family . the sign of town on U.S. highway 66 flash past -- checotah , oklahoma CITY , bethany . this dissolves to a highway . it be late afternoon . the joad truck pull of the paved highway and stop . the man leap down quickly from the truck , all but pa , who lift grampa in he arm and then lower he slowly , gently into Tom 's arm . in tom be arm grampa be whimper feebly . grampa * ai not * a-goin ' ... be not a-goin ' ... tom ' S all right , grampa . you just kind a tar would , that 's all . somebody fix a pallet . with a quilt pull from the truck ma run ahead as Tom carry grampa toward a clump of wood back off the highway . the other get down soberly from the truck , all but granma , who be doze . Cars pass - a fast car pass a jalopy . Tom be let the old man down gently as ma adjust the quilt on the ground . death be in grampa 's eye as he look up dimly at they . grampa ( a whisper ) thas it , jus ' tar would thas all ... jus ' tar would ... ( he close he eye ) the scene dissolves to a insert of a note . it be write awkwardly in pencil on the flyleaf of a Bible . Tom 's voice recite the word . tom' voice this here be William James joad , dyed of a stroke , old old man . his folk bure he becaw they get no money to pay for funerl . nobody kilt he . jus a stroke a he dyed . a grave , at night . in the clump of wood , light by two lantern , the joad tribe stand reverently around a open grave . have read the note , Tom put it in a small fruit jar and kneel down and , reach into the grave , place it on grampa 's body . tom I figger best we leave something like this on he , lest somebody dig he up and make out he be kilt . ( reaching into the grave ) lotta time look like the gov'ment get more interest in a dead man than a live one . PA not be so lonesome , either , knowin ' he name be there with ' im , not just ' a old fella lonesome underground . tom ( straighten up ) casy , will not you say a few word ? casy I be not no more a preacher , you know . tom we know . but be not none of we folk ever be bury without a few word . casy ( after a pause ) I will say them - - a ' make it short . ( all bow and close eye ) this here ol ' man jus ' live a life a ' jus ' die out of it . I do not know whether he be good or bad , a ' it do not matter much . Heard a fella say a poem once , a ' he say , " all that life be holy . " but I would not pray for jus ' a ol ' man that 's dead , because he 's awright . if I be to pray I would pray for the folk that 's alive a ' do not know which way to turn . grampa here , he be not get no more trouble like that . he 's get he job all cut out for ' im - - so cover ' im up and let ' im get to it . omne amen . the scene fade out . highway 66 , in daylight , fade in : a Oklahoma stretch , revealing a number of jalopy rattling westward . the joad truck approach . in the front seat of the truck Tom be now drive . granma be doze again , and ma be look thoughtfully ahead . ma Tommy . tommy what be it , ma ? ma be not that the state line we just pass ? tom ( after a pause ) yes be , that be it . ma you pa tol ' I you do not ought to cross it if you be parole . say they will send you up again . tom forget it , ma. I get she figgered out . Long as I keep outa trouble , be not nobody gonna say a thing . all I gotta do be keep my nose clean . ma ( worriedly ) maybe they get crime in California we do not know about . crime we do not even know * be * crime . tom ( laugh ) forget it , ma. jus ' think about the nice thing out there . think about they grape and orange - - a ' ever 'body get work -- granma ( waking suddenly ) I gotta git out ! tom first gas station , granma - - granma I gotta git *out* , I tell ya ! I gotta git *out *! tom ( foot on brake ) awright ! awright ! as the truck slow to a stop a motorcycle cop approach after they . look back , Tom see he bear toward they . he look grimly at ma. tom they shore do not waste no time ! ( as granma whine ) take she out . cop ( astraddle he motorcycle ) save you strength , lady . ( to Tom ) get goin ' , buddy . no campin ' here . tom ( relieved ) we be not campin' . we jus ' stoppin ' a minute -- cop lissen , I hear that before -- granma I tell ya I gotta git out ! the cop look startle , puzzle , but Tom shrug a disclaimer for responsibility in that quarter . tom ( mildly ) she 's kinda ol '-- granma ( whimper ) I tell ya -- cop okay , okay ! granma ( triumphantly ) puh-raise the lawd for vittory ! as ma help granma out the other side , Tom and the cop exchange a glance and snother shrug at the foible of woman and then look studiedly into space . the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the marker of U.S. highway 66 a assortment of roadside sign flash by : bar-b-q , Joe 's eat , Dr. pepper , Gas , coca cola , this highway be patrol , end of 25 mile Zone , lucky strike , use Cars , nutburger , Motel , drive - Inn , free Water , we fix flat , etc . a hand - painted sign read : " camp 50¢ . " it be night . we hear the sound of guitar music . in the camp ground a small wooden house dominate the scene . there be no facility ; the migrant simply pitch makeshift tent and park they jalopy wherever there be a space . it be after supper and a dozen or more man sit on the step of the house listen to connie play a road song on a borrow guitar . the music soften the tired , draw face of the man and drive away some of they shyness . in the dark , outside the circle of light from the gasoline lantern on the porch , some of the woman and child sit and enjoy the luxury of this relative gaiety . the proprietor sit tip back in a straight chair on the porch . we see the joad tent . behind they truck , a tarpaulin be stretch over a rope from tree to tree . granma lie asleep on a quilt , stir fitfully . ma sit on the ground at she head , fan she with a piece of cardboard . rosasharn lie flat on she back , hand clasped under she head , look up at the star . the music come to they pleasantly . rosasharn ma ... all this , will it hurt the baby ? ma now do not you go gettin ' nimsy - mimsy . rosasharn sometimes I be all jumpy inside . ma well , can not nobody get through nine * month * without sorrow . rosasharn but will it -- hurt the baby ? ma they use ' to be a sayin ' : a chile bear outa sorrow will be a happy chile . a ' another : bear outa too much joy will be a doleful boy . that 's the way I always hear it . rosasharn you do not ever get scairt , do you , ma ? ma ( thoughtfully ) sometimes . a little . only it be not scairt so much . it 's just waitin ' a ' wonderin' . but when sump and happen that I get to do sump and -- ( simply ) -- I will do it . rosasharn do not it ever scare you it will not be nice in California like we think ? ma ( quickly ) no . no , it do not . I can not do that . I can not let m'self . all I can do be see how soon they gonna wanta eat again . they would all get upset if I do anymore and that . they all depen ' on I jus ' thinkin ' about that . ( after a pause ) that 's my part -- that a ' keepin' the fambly together . as the music end we see a group on the porch step . the man murmur approbation of connie 's play . PA ( with quiet pride ) thas my son-in- law . first man sing real nice . what state y'all from ? PA Oklahoma . have we a farm there , share - croppin ' . tom till the tractor druv we out . first man we from Arkansas . I have I a store there , kind of general notion store , but when the farm go the store go too . ( sigh ) Nice a little as you ever see . I shore do hate to give it up . PA ( profoundly ) Wal , y'cai not tell . I figure when we git out there a ' git work a ' maybe git we a piece a growin ' lan ' near water it might not be so bad at that . other men thas right ... payin ' good wage , I hear ... ever 'body get work out there ... can not be no worse ... as they talk , a second man , stand on the edge of the group , begin to grin bitterly . he be much more rag than the other . second man you folk must have a pot a money . the group turn to look at the man . PA ( with dignity ) no , we be not get no money . but they 's plenty of we to work , a ' we be all good man . get good wage out there a ' put it all together a ' we will be awright . the man begin to snigger and then to laugh in a high whinneying giggle which turn into a fit of cough . all of the man be watch he . second man good wage , eh! pickin ' orange a ' peach ? PA ( quietly ) we gonna take whatever they get . tom what 's so funny about it ? second man ( sniggering again ) what 's so funny about it ? I just * be * out there ! I be a ' * see * it ! a ' I be goin ' * back * to starve -- because I ruther starve all over at once ! PA ( angrily ) whatta you think you be talkin ' about ? I get a han'bill here say good wage , an' I see it in the papers they need picker ! second man awright , go on ! ai not nobody stoppin ' ya ! PA ( pull out handbill ) but what about this ? second man I be not gonna fret you . go on ! tom wait a minute , buddy . you jus ' do some jackassin ' ! you be not gonna shut up now . the han'bill say they need man . you laugh a ' say they do not . now which one 's a liar ? second man ( after a pause ) how many you ' all get they han'bills ? come on , how many ? at least three - quarter of the man worriedly reach into they pocket and draw out wear and fold handbills . PA but what do * that * prove ? second man look at them ! same yella han'bill -- 800 picker want . awright , this man want 800 man . so he print up 5,000 a they han'bills a ' maybe 20,000 people see them . a ' maybe two - three thousan ' start movin , wes ' account a this han'bill . two - three thousan ' folk that 's crazy with worry headin ' out for 800 job ! do that make sense ? there be a long worried silence . the proprietor lean forward angrily . proprietor what be you , a troublemaker ? you sure you be not one a they labor fake ? second man I swear I be not , mister ! proprietor well , do not you go roun ' here tryin ' to stir up trouble . second man ( draw himself up ) I try to tell you folk sump and it take I a year to fin ' out . take two kid dead , take my wife dead , to show I . but nobody could not tell I neither . I can not tell ya about they little fella layin ' in the tent with they belly puffed out a ' jus ' skin on they bone , a ' shiverin ' a ' whinin ' like pup , a ' I runnin ' aroun ' tryin ' to get work -- ( shouting ) -- not for money , not for wage -- jus ' for a cup a flour a ' a spoon a lard ! a ' then the coroner come . " they child die a heart - failure , " he say , a ' put it in he paper . ( with wild bitterness ) heart -failure ! -- a ' they little belly stick out like a pig-bladder ! he look around at the man , try to control he emotion , and then he walk away into the darkness . there be a uneasy silence . first man well -- gettin ' late . get to get to sleep . they all rise as at a signal , all move and worried by the second man 's outburst . tom , PA and casy move away , worry on they face . PA s'pose he 's tellin' the truth -- that fella ? casy he 's tellin' the truth awright . the truth for he . he be not makin ' nothin ' up . tom how about we ? be that the truth for we ? casy I do not know . PA ( worriedly ) how can you tell ? the scene dissolves to a montage : superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the rattling joad truck the sign of town flash by : amarillo , vega , glenrio . the truck be see on the highway . it be now mountain country -- New Mexico . then it be see at a gas station . it be a cheap two - pump station , hand - paint , dreary , dusty . huddle next to it be a hamburger stand . in front of the hamburger stand be a truck label : new mexico van and storage company . the joad be pile out of they truck . directed by ma , noah lift granma out . the two child scamper around shriek because they leg have go to sleep . Al be prepare to put water in the radiator . pa take out a deep leather pouch , unty the string , and begin calculate he money as the fat proprietor advance . fat man ( truculently ) you folk aim to buy anything ? al need some gas , mister . fat man get any money ? al whatta you think : -- we 's beggin ' ? fat man I just ast , that 's all . tom ( evenly ) well , ask right . you be not talkin ' to bum , you know . fat man ( appeal to heaven ) all in the worl ' I do be ast ! inside the hamburger stand , a standard cheap eatery , bert be do the short order and mae be handle the counter . a nickel phonograph be play a tune . Bill , a truck driver , sit at the counter ; he partner , Fred , be play a slot machine . bill kinda pie y'got ? mae banana cream , pineapple cream , chocolate cream - - and apple . bill cut I off a hunk a that banana cream , and a cuppa java . fred make it two . mae two it be . ( smirk ) see any new etchin 's lately , Bill ? bill ( grin ) well , here 's one be not bad . Little kid come in late to school . teacher say -- he stop . pa be peer in the screen door . beside he ruthie and winfield have they nose flatten against the screen . mae look at pa. mae yeah ? PA could you see you way clear to sell we a loaf of bread , mar 'am . mae this be not a groc'ry store . we get bread to make san'widge with . PA I know , mar 'am ... on 'y it 's for a ole lady , no tooth , gotta sof and it with water so she can chew it , a ' she 's hongry . mae why not you buy a san'wich ? we get nice san'widge . PA ( embarrassed ) I shore would like to do that , mar 'am , but the fack be , we be not get but a dime for it . it 's all figgered out , I mean - - for the trip . mae you can not get no loaf a bread for a dime . we only get fifteen - cent loaf . bert ( a angry whisper ) give them the bread . mae we will run out ' fore the bread truck come . bert awright then , run out ! mae shrug at the truck driver , to indicate what she 's up against , while bert mash he hamburger savagely with the spatula . mae come in . pa and the two child come in as mae open a drawer and pull out a long waxpaper - cover loaf of bread . the child have be draw to the candy showcase and be stare in at the goody . mae this here 's a fifteen - cent loaf . PA would you -- could you see you way to cuttin ' off ten cent worth ? bert ( a clinch tooth order ) give 'im the loaf ! PA no , sir , we wanta buy ten cent worth , thas all . mae ( sighing ) you can have this for ten cent . PA I do not wanta rob you , mar 'am . mae ( with resignation ) go ahead -- bert say take it . take out he pouch , pa dig into it , feel around with he finger for a dime , as he apologize . PA May soun ' funny to be so tight , but we get a thousan ' mile to go , a ' we do not know if we will make it . but when he put the dime down on the counter he have a penny with it . he be about to drop this back in the pouch when he eye fall on the child stare at the candy . slowly he move down to see what they be look at . then : PA be they penny candy , mar 'am ? the child look up with a gasp , they big eye on mae as she move down behind the counter . mae which one ? PA there , they stripy one . mae look from the candy to the child . they have stop breathe , they eye on the candy . mae oh , they ? well , no -- they 's * two * for a penny . PA well , give I two then , mar 'am . he place the penny carefully on the counter and mae hold the stick of candy out to the child . they look up at pa. PA ( beam ) sure , take them , take them ! rigid with embarrassment , they accept the candy , look neither at it nor at each other . pa pick up the loaf of bread and they scramble for the door . at the door pa turn back . PA thank you , mar 'am . the door slam . Bill turn back from stare after they . bill they be not two - for-a- cent candy . mae ( belligerently ) what 's it to you ? bill they be nickel apiece candy . fred we get to get goin ' . we be droppin ' time . both reach in they pocket , but when Fred see what Bill have put down he reach again and duplicate it . as they go out of the door ... bill so long . mae hey , wait a minute . you get change comin' . bill voice ( from outside ) what 's it to you ? as mae watch they through the window , she eye warm , bert walk around the counter to the three slot machine , a paper with figure on it in he hand . the truck roar outside and move off . mae look down again at the coin . mae ( softly ) bert . bert ( play a machine ) what ya want ? mae look here . as he look we see the coin on the counter . they be two half - dollar . mae ( reverently ) truck driver . there be a rattle of coin as bert hit the jackpot . in he leave hand on the machine be a paper with three column of figure on it . the third column be much the longest . he scoops out the money . bert I figgered no. 3 be about ready to pay off . the scene fade out . the arizona border , in daylight , fade in . it be in a gap in the mountain and beyond can be see the paint Desert . a border guard halt the joad truck . he be not as tough as he word indicate , just curt and matter - of - fact . guard where you go ? tom ( who be drive ) California . guard how long you plan to be in Arizona ? tom no longer and we can get acrost she . guard get any plant ? tom no plant . guard ( put sticker on windshield ) okay . go ahead , but you better keep movin' . tom sure . we aim to . the truck rattles into movement . the scene dissolves to a montage superimpose on the shield marker of U.S. highway 66 and the joad truck . Signs flash by : flagstaff , water 5 '' a gal , water 10 '' a gal , water 15 '' a gal , and finally , needle , calif . in the foreground , they back turn , the joad stand on and about they truck look in a long silence at what can be see of California from Needles . they silence be eloquent . the face of the joad be blank with dismay , for this be a unattractive sight indeed . PA ( finally ) there she be , folk -- the land a milk a ' honey -- California ! connie ( sullenly ) well , if * that 's * what we come out here for ... they look at each other in disappointment . rosasharn ( timidly , to connie ) maybe it 's nice on the other side . they pitcher -- they little pos'card -- they be real pretty . tom ( rallying they ) aw , sure . this here 's jus ' a part of it . ai not no sense a gettin ' scairt right off . PA course not . come on , let 's get goin ' . she do not look so tough to I ! the joad and the landscape be see again . then the scene dissolves to the bank of a river . the camp at Needles be on the bank of the Colorado River , among some willow . we see the man of the family sit chest - deep in the shallow water , talk , occasionally ducking they head under , reveling in this relief . in the background be the tower mountain . tom get that desert yet . gotta take she tonight . take she in the daytime fella say she will cut you gizzard out . PA ( to Al ) how 's granma since we get she in the tent ? al she 's off she chump , seem to I . noah she 's outa she sense , awright . all night on the truck keep talkin ' like she be talkin ' to grampa . tom she 's jus ' wear out , that 's all . PA ( worriedly ) I shore would like to stop here a while a ' give she some re ' but we on'y get ' bout forty dollar leave . I will not feel right till we be there a ' all workin ' a ' a little money comin ' in . noah ( lazily , after a silence ) like to jus ' stay here myself . like to lay here forever . never get hungry a ' never get sad . Lay in the water all life long , lazy as a brood sow in the mud . tom ( look up at the mountain ) never see such tough mountain . this here 's a murder country , just the * bone * of a country . ( thoughtfully ) wonder if we will ever get in a place where folk can live ' thout fightin ' hard scrabble a ' rock . sometimes you get to thinkin ' they * be not * no such country . they look up as a man and he grow son stand on the bank . man how 's the swimmin' ? tom dunno . we be not try none . sure feel good to set here , though . man mind if we come in a ' set ? tom she be not we river . but we will len ' you a little piece of she . they start to shuck off they clothes . the man , exclude that undress , form another scene . PA goin ' west ? man' voice nope . we come from there . goin ' back home . tom where 's home ? man' voice panhandle , come from near pampa . PA ( in surprise ) can you make a livin ' there ? man' voice nope . the man and he son sit down in the water . man ( continue ) but at lea ' we can starve to death with folk we know . there be a long silence among the joad as the man and he son splash water over they head . PA ( slowly ) ya know , you be the second fella talk like that . I would like to hear some more about that . tom I a ' you both . the man and he son exchange a glance , as though the joad have touch on the deadly of subject . son ( finally ) he be not gonna tell you nothin ' about it . PA if a fella 's willin ' to work hard , can not he cut she ? man listen , mister . I do not know ever'thing . you might go out a ' fall into a steady job , a ' I would be a liar . a ' then , you might never get no work , an' I do not warn you . all I can tell ya , most of the folk be purty mis'able . ( sullenly ) but a fella do not know ever'thing . there be a disturb silence as the joad study the man , but he obviously have no intention of say anything more . finally pa turn to he brother . PA John , you never be a fella to say much , but I will be goldange if you open you mouth twicet since we lef ' home . what you think about this ? JOHN ( scowling ) I do not think * nothin ' * about it . we be a- goin ' there , be not we ? when we get there , we will get there . when we get a job , we will work , a ' when we do not get a job we will set on we behin' . that 's all they be to it , be not it ? tom ( laugh ) uncle John do not talk much but when he do he shore talk sense . ( he spurt water out of he mouth ) the scene dissolves to a gas station , at night . the joad truck , load with goods and people , be last gas and service before the desert . two white uniform boy handle the station . a sign read : " last chance for gas and water . " Al be fill the radiator . Tom be count out the money for the gas . first boy you people get a lotta nerve . tom what you mean ? first boy crossin ' the desert in a jalopy like this . tom you be acrost ? first boy sure , plenty , but not in no wreck like this . tom if we break down maybe somebody would give we a ha and . first boy ( doubtfully ) well , maybe . but I would hate to be doin ' it . take more nerve than I get . tom ( laugh ) it do not take no nerve to do somep and when there be not nothin ' else you can do . ( he climb into the driver 's seat ) ma and granma be see lie on a mattress in the truck . granma 's eye be shut . actually she be near death . ma keep patting she . ma ( softly ) do not you worry , granma . it 's gonna be awright . granma ( mumble ) grampa ... grampa ... I want grampa ... ma do not you fret now . the truck move off . we see the gas station again with the truck pull away . the first Boy , a lad who know everything , stand look after they , shaking he head . his assistant be clean up the pump . first boy Holy mose , what a hard - lookin ' outfit ! second boy all they okie be hard - lookin ' . first boy Boy , but I would hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that ! second boy ( contentedly ) well , you and I get sense . they okie get no sense or no feel . they be not human . a human be would not live like they do . a human be could not stand it to be so miserable . first boy just do not know any better , I guess . noah be see hide behind a corner of the gas station . peer out , he see that the truck have go . he turn to walk away into the darkness . the scene dissolves to a river bank at night , and noah be once more seat in the shallow water , splash , look up at the mountain , content . the truck be rattling along U.S. highway 66 , across the desert , in the night . in the driver' seat Tom be drive , Al and pa be by he side . al what a place ! how would you like to walk acrost she ? tom people do it . if they could , we could . al lot must a die , too . tom ( after a pause ) well , we be not out a it yet . ruthie and winfield huddle together in the truck , eye wide with excitement . ruthie this here 's the desert a ' we be right in it ! winfield ( try to see ) I wisht it be day . ruthie Tom say if it 's day it will cut you gizzard smack out a you . ( try to see too ) I see a pitcher once . they be bone ever 'place . winfield man bone ? ruthie some , I guess , but mos'ly cow bone . ma and grandma be see again . the old woman lie still , breathe noisily . ma continue to pat she . ma ( whisper ) ' S awright , honey . everything 's gonna be awright . then we see the truck still churn along highway 66 by night . casy be asleep in the truck , he face wet with sweat . connie and rosasharn be huddle together , damp and weary . rosasharn seem like we be not never gonna do nothin ' but move . I be so tar would . connie ( sullenly ) woman be always tar would . rosasharn ( fearfully ) you be not -- you be not sorry , be you , honey ? connie ( slowly ) no , but -- but you see that advertisement in the spicy western Story magazine . do not pay nothin' . jus ' send them the coupon a ' you be a radio expert -- nice clean work . rosasharn ( pleadingly ) but we can still do it , honey . connie ( sullenly ) I ought to do it then - - a ' not come on any trip like this . her eye widen with fright as he avoid meeting she glance . ma and grandma lie side by side . ma 's hand be on grandma 's heart . the old woman 's eye be shut and she breathe be almost imperceptible . ma ( whisper ) we can not give up , honey . the family 's get to get acrost . you know that . john' voice ever 'thing all right ? ma do not answer immediately . her head lift , she be stare at granma 's face . then slowly she withdraw she hand from grandma 's heart . ma ( slowly ) yes , ever'thing 's all right . I -- I guess I drop off to sleep . her head rest again . she lie look fixedly at the still face . the scene dissolves to a inspection station , near daggett , California , at night . obey a sign that read : " keep right and stop , " the joad truck pull up under a long shed as two officer , yawn , come out to inspect it . one take down the license number and open the hood . the people aboard the truck bestir themselves sleepily . tom what 's this here ? officer agricultural inspection . we get to go over you stuff . get any vegetable or seed ? tom no . officer well , we get to look over you stuff . you get to unload . ma get down off the truck , she face swollen , she eye hard . there be a undercurrent of hysteria in she voice and manner . ma look , mister . we get a sick ol ' lady . we get to get she to a doctor . we can not wait . ( almost hysterically ) you can not make we wait ! officer yeah ? well , we get to look you over . ma I swear we be not get anything . I swear it . an' granma 's awful sick . ( pull he to the truck ) look ! the officer light he flashlight on granma 's face . officer ( shocked ) you be not foolin ' ! you swear you get no fruit or vegetable ? ma no , I swear it . officer then go ahead . you can get a doctor at barstow . that 's just eight mile . but do not stop . do not get off . understand ? ma climb back up beside granma . tom okay , cap . much oblige . the truck start . ma ( to John ) tell Tom he do not have to stop . granma 's all right . the truck move away on highway 66 . the scene dissolves to the tehachapi valley , by day . take it from the book , there be a breath -taking view of the valley from where highway 66 come out of the mountain . this be the California the joad have dream of , rich and beautiful , the land of milk and honey . it be just daybreak , with the sun at the joad 's back . they have pull off the side of the road and stop , just to drink in the sight . they be look almost reverently at the sight before they as they climb stiffly out of the truck . al will ya look at she ! PA ( shaking he head ) I never know they be anything like she ! one by one , they climb down . tom where 's ma ? I want ma to see it . look , ma ! come here , ma! he start back . ma be hold to the rear of the truck , she face stiff and swollen , she eye deep - sink , she limb weak and shaky . tom ( shocked ) ma , you sick ? ma ( hoarsely ) ya say we be acrost ? tom ( eagerly ) look , ma! ma thank God ! a ' we be still together -- most of we . ( her knee buckle and she sit down on the run board ) tom didn ' you get no sleep ? ma no . tom be granma bad ? ma ( after a pause ) granma 's dead . tom ( shocked ) when ? ma since before they stop we las ' night . tom a ' that 's why you do not want them to look ? ma ( nodd ) I be afraid they would stop we a ' would not let we cross . but I tol ' granma . I tol ' she when she be dyin' . I tol ' she the fambly have to get acrost . I tol ' she we could not take no chance on bein ' stop . with the valley for background , ma look down on it . ma ( softly ) so it 's all right . at lea ' she will get bury in a nice green place . tree and flower aroun ' . ( smiling sadly ) she get to lay she head down in California after all . the scene fade out . a town STREET , by day , fade in . down a town or small city business street , with quite a bit of traffic , come the joad truck be push by the joad man . at the wheel , aim at a corner gas station , be rosasharn , frighten and uncertain , with ma beside she on the front seat . in the back ruthie and winfield be delighted with this new form of locomotion . cross the street , a policeman fall into step with Tom . policeman how far you figger you gonna get * this * way ? tom right here . we give out a gas . it be a two - pump station and one of the pump have a car , with the attendant service it . the joad truck stop by the other pump and Tom , wiping he face with he sleeve , grin and address himself to the policeman . the other stand listen solemnly in the background . tom where 's the bes ' place to get some work aroun ' here ? ( pull out the handbill ) do not matter what kin ' either . policeman ( patiently ) if I see one a they thing I must a see ten thousa n ' . PA ai not it no good ? policeman ( shaking he head ) not here -- not now . month ago there be some pickin ' but it 's all move south now . where 'bout in Oklahoma you from ? tom sallisaw . policeman I come out from Cherokee County -- two year ago . rosasharn ( pleased ) why , connie 's folk from Cherokee County -- policeman ( stop she wearily ) okay , mar 'am , let 's do not go into it . I already meet about a hundred fir ' cousin a ' it mus ' be five hundred secon ' . but this be what I get to tell you , do not try to park in town tonight . keep on out to that camp . if we catch you in town after dark we get to lock you up . do not forget . PA ( worriedly ) but what we gonna * do *? policeman ( about to leave ) pop , that just be not up to I . ( grimly he point to the handbill ) but I do not minute ' tellin ' you , the guy they * ought * to lock up be the guy that send out * they * thing . he stroll away , the joad look concernedly after he , just as the gas station attendant come briskly to they after dispose of the other car . attendant ( brightly ) how many , folk ? al ( after a pause ) one . the attendant regards he in disgust . the scene dissolves to hooverville , by day . a large migrant camp , a typical shanty town of rag tent and tarpaper shack , jalopy and dirty child . a dozen or more child pause to watch as the joad truck lumber down a dirt incline from the road and stop at the edge of the camp in front of one of the most miserable of the shack . the joad regard the camp with dismay . tom ( shaking he head ) she shore do not look prosperous . want to go somewhere else ? ma on a gallon a gas ? ( as Tom grin at she ) let 's set up the tent . maybe I can fix we up some stew . the truck move into the camp through a lane of child . the scene dissolves to the joad tent . in front of it , ma be on she knee feed a small fire with break stick . on the fire be a pot of stew . ruthie and winfield stand watch the pot . about fifteen rag , barefoot child in a half - circle be now around the fire , they solemn eye on the pot of stew . occasionally they look at ma , then back at the stew . presently one of the older girl speak . girl ( shyly ) I could break up some bresh if you want I , mar 'am . ma ( gently ) you want to get ast to eat , hunh ? girl ( simply ) yes , mar 'am . ma didn ' you have no breakfast ? girl no , mar 'am . they be not no work hereabout . pa 's in tryin ' to sell some stuff to get gas so 's we can get along . ma didn ' none of this have no breakfast ? there be a long silence . then : boy ( boastfully ) I do . I a ' my brother do . we et good . ma then you be not hungry , be you ? the boy choke , he lip stick out . boy ( doggedly ) we et good . ( then he break and run ) ma well , it 's a good thing * some * a you be not hungry , because they be not enough to go all the way rou and . girl aw , he be braggin ' . know what he do ? Las ' night , come out a ' say they get chicken to eat . well , sir , I look in whilst they be a-eatin ' a ' it be fry dough jus ' like ever 'body else . pa and John enter . PA how ' bout it ? ma ( to ruthie ) go get Tom a ' al. ( look helplessly at the child ) I dunno what to do . I get to feed the fambly . what be I gonna do with this here ? she be dish the stew into tin plate . the child 's eye follow the spoon , and then the first plate , to John . he be raise the first spoonful to he mouth when he notice they apparently for the first time . he be chew slowly , he eye on the child , they eye on he face , when Tom and Al enter . JOHN ( stand up ) you take this . ( handing plate to Tom ) I be not hungry . tom whatta ya mean ? you be not et today . JOHN I know , but I get a stomickache . I be not hungry . tom ( after a glance at the child ) you take that plate inside the tent a ' you eat it . JOHN would not be no use . I would still see them inside the tent . tom ( to the child ) you git . go on now , git . you be not doin ' no good . they be not enough for you . the child retreat a step , but no more , and then look wonderingly at he . ma we can not send them away . take you plate a ' go inside . take a plate to rosasharn . ( smiling , to the child ) look . you little fella go a ' get you each a flat stick a ' I will put what 's lef ' for you . ( the child scatter ) but they be not to be no fightin ' ! ( dish plate for ruthie and winfield ) I do not know if I be doin ' right or not but -- go inside , ever 'body stay inside . ( the child be back ) they be not enough . all you gonna get be jus ' a taste but -- I can not help it , I can not keep it from you . she go in the tent hurriedly to hide the fact that tear have come into she eye . the child pounce on the pot , silently , too busy digging for the stew to speak . inside the tent they have all finish they stew already . ma ( bitterly ) I do fine ! now nobody get enough ! at the road a new coupe drive off the highway and into the camp and stop . it contain two man . one get out . a group of men be squatting in a half - circle , the usual pattern for conversation , but they be silent now as they eye fix on the man approach . he be a labor agent . outside the joad tent the man be look in the direction of the group . they start to walk toward it . at the group of men : the agent , wear a flat - brimm stetson and with he pocket fill with pencil and dog-eare booklet , look down at the silent man . all of the man in the camp be approach slowly , silently . the woman give they anxious attention in the background . among the man who walk up be floyd , a grimly disappointed young man . agent you man want to work ? PA sure we wanta work . where 's it at ? agent tulare County . fruit 's open up . need a lot of picker . floyd you doin ' the hirin' ? agent well , I be contracting the land . first man whay you payin ? agent well , can not tell exactly , yet . ' Bout thirty cent , I guess . first man why can not you tell ? you take the contrac ' , didn ' you ? agent that 's true . but it 's key to the price . might be a little more , might be a little less . floyd ( quietly ) all right , mister . I will go . you just show you license to contrack , a ' then you make out a order -- where a ' when a ' how much you gonna pay - - a ' you sign it a ' we will go . agent ( ominously ) you try to tell I how to run my own business ? floyd ' F we be workin ' for you , it 's we business too . a ' how do we know -- ( pull out a handbill ) -- you be not one a the guy that send this thing out ? agent ( tough ) listen , smart guy . I will run my business my own way . I get work . if you wanta take it , okay . if not , just sit here , that 's all . the squatting man have rise one by one . they face be expressionless because they simply do not know when one of this call be genuine or when it be not . floyd address they . floyd twicet now I have fall for that line . maybe he need a thousan ' man . so he get 's five thousan ' there , a ' he will pay fifteen cent a hour . a ' you guy will have to take it ' cause you will be hungry . ( facing the agent ) ' F he want to hire man , let he write it out a ' say what he 's gonna pay . ast to see he license . he be not allow by law to contrack man without a license . agent ( turn ) Joe ! the other man get out of the coupe . he wear riding breech and lace boot , carry a pistol and cartridge belt , and there be a deputy sheriff 's star on he brown shirt . he smile thinly and shift he pistol holster as he start toward the group . the men be watch the deputy approach . floyd ( angrily ) you see ? if this guy be on the level , would he bring a cop along ? deputy ( enter ) what 's the trouble ? agent ( point at floyd ) ever see this guy before ? deputy what would he do ? agent he 's agitatin' . deputy hmmm . ( give floyd a look over ) seem like I have . seem like I see he hangin ' around that use car lot that be bust into . yep , I would swear it 's the same fella . ( sharply ) get in that car . tom you get nothin ' on he . deputy open you trap again and you will go too . agent ( to the man ) you fella do not wanta lissen to troublemaker . you better pack up a ' come on to tulare County . the man say nothing . deputy might be a good idea to do what he say . too many of you okie aroun ' here already . folk beginnin ' to figger it be not maybe * safe * . might start a epidemic or sump and . ( after a pause ) would not like a bunch a guy down here with pick handle tonight , would you ? as the agent get into the coupe floyd be thumb hook over he belt and he look off , away . tom be look away be a answer . his thumb also hook over he belt . deputy ( to floyd ) now , you . he take hold of floyd 's leave arm . at the same time floyd swing , smack he in the face . as the deputy stagger , Tom stick out a foot and trip he . floyd be already run through the camp . the deputy fire from the ground . there be a scream . a woman be look down at she hand , the knuckle shot away . the coupe be see as the agent step on the gas to get away . as floyd get in the clear , the deputy , sit on the ground , aim he pistol again , slowly , carefully . behind he casy step up , gauge he distance , and then kick he square in the base of the skull . the deputy tumble over unconscious . Tom pick up the pistol . casy gimme that gun . now git outa here . go down in they willow a ' wait . tom ( angrily ) I be not gonna run . casy he see you , Tom ! you wanta be fingerprinted ? you wanta get send back for breakin ' parole ? tom you be right ! casy hide in the willow . if it 's awright to come back I will give you four high whistle . as Tom stride away there be the distant sound of a siren . casy empty the gun and throw cartridge and gun aside . the man , aghast , have be stand back , worried and excited and apprehensive . they wish nothing like this have happen . the woman have gather around the wounded woman , who be sobbing . now at the sound of the siren everybody begin to move uncomfortably toward he tent or shack . Al look admiringly from casy to the unconscious deputy . everybody have disappear into he tent but Al and casy . the siren draw nearer . casy go on . get in you tent . you do not know nothin' . al how ' bout you ? casy ( grin ) * some * body get to take the blame . they just * get * to hang it on somebody , you know . ( shrugge ) a ' I be not doin ' nothin ' but set around . al but be not no reason -- casy ( savagely ) lissen . I do not care nothin ' about you , but if you mess in this , you whole fambly li'ble to get in trouble , a ' Tom get send back to the penitentiary . al okay . I think you be a darn fool , though . casy sure . why not ? Al head for the joad tent and casy kneel down and lift the deputy . he wipe he face clean . the deputy begin to come to . a open car curve off the highway , stop in the clear , and four man with rifle pile out . the deputy sit rub he eye and casy stand . second deputy what 's goin ' on here ? casy this man a yours , he get tough a ' I hit he . then he start shootin' - - hit a woman down the line -- so I hit he again . second deputy well -- what would you do in the first place ? casy I talk back . two of the man have help the deputy to he foot . he feel the back of he neck gingerly . casy they 's a woman down there like to bleed to death from he bad shootin' . second deputy ( to assistant ) take a look at she . ( to deputy ) Mike , be this the fella that hit you ? deputy ( dazedly ) do not look like he . casy it be I , all right . you just get smart with the wrong fella . deputy ( shudder ) do not look like he , but ... maybe it be . I be not sure . second deputy get in that car . with a deputy on either side of he , casy climb in the back seat . the sickish deputy be help into the car . the other man come run back . man ( proudly ) Boy , what a mess a .45 do make ! they get a tourniquet on . we will send a doctor out . the car start . casy and two deputy beside he be reveal in the back seat . casy sit proudly , head up , eye front . on he lip be a faint smile ; on he face , a curious look of conquest . deputy ( angry at the whole business ) but what you gonna do ? must be * thousand * of them around here , sore and hungry and live in they dump . what you gonna do about them ? second deputy you gotta hold them down . hold them down or they will take over the whole country . that 's all you * can * do . deputy ( grimly ) well , they be not gonna take over *my * country . I be livin ' here too long for * that * . maybe some a the boy better drop around tonight and give them something to think about . casy sit with eye front . at the willow , screen by tree or brush , Tom look off at the car take casy away . start at a sound , he withdraw into the brush as the scene dissolves . in front of the joad tent , at night , ma stand face pa and Al . rosasharn lie on a pallet , she face in she arm , while ruthie and winfield look on , wide - eye at the family quarrel . PA ( to ma ) leave he alone , ma -- Al 's just billy - goatin ' around -- al sure ! I be just aimin ' to meet up with a couple girl I know . ma you do not know * no * girl around here . you be lyin ' , * you be runnin ' away *! PA ( a short flash of momentary but ill advise belligerence ) cut it out , ma , or I will -- ma ( softly , as she pick up jack - handle ) you will * what *?... come on , pa. come on a ' whup I . jus ' try it . PA ( solemnly ) now do not get sassy , ma. ma Al be not a-goin ' away , a ' you gonna * tell * he he be not a-goin ' away . ( hefting the jack - handle ) a ' if you think diff'unt , you gotta whup I first . so some on . PA ( helplessly ) I never * see * she so sassy . ( with a touch of bewilder pride ) a ' she be not so young , neither ! al ( sullenly ) I would come back -- ma ( eye on pa ) but ef you * do * whup I , I swear you better not ever go to sleep again , because the minute you go to sleep , or you be settin ' down , or you back 's turn , I be gonna knock you belly - up with a bucket . they stand stare at each other in silence . at the edge of hooverville , Tom be head for the joad tent warily , glance around constantly , but not run , for that would draw attention to he . in front of the joad tent again : PA ( helplessly ) jus ' sassy , that 's all . ma ( angrily ) sassy my foot ! I be jus ' sick and tar would a my folk tryin ' to bust up . all we get lef ' in the * worl '* be the fambly -- a ' right down at bottom that 's all we * get * to have ! ef some of we die , we can not he 'p that -- but be not nobody else runnin ' away ! al but it be not runnin ' away , ma . all I wanta do be go away with another fella a ' look aroun ' for work by ourself -- ma ( blaze ) well , you be not a-goin ' ! ai not * nobody * else a-goin ' ! we * get * here a ' we gonna * stay * here , together ! as long as we get the fambly unbroke I be not scared , but it 's a long bitter road we get ahead of we -- ( squaring off ) -- a ' I be here to tell ya ef anybody else try to bust we up anymore I be a-goin ' cat wild with this here piece a bar-arn ! as she get ready for whatever ... in the shadow , twenty foot away from the tent , Tom whistle softly . tom hey , Al ! in front of the joad tent , all but ma be look off . ma still eye pa. al ( peer into the darkness ) Tom ? you can come on . they go . tom ( enter quickly ) we get to get outa here right away . ever 'body here ? where 's uncle John ? JOHN ( from tent ) here I be . PA what 's a matter now ? tom fella tell I some a they poolroom boy figgerin ' to burn the whole camp out tonight . get to get that truck load -- what you doin ' with the jack -handle , ma ? ma , PA , and al ( together ) Al 's tryin ' to go away ... she jus ' get sassy ... all I aim to do ... tom ( take the jack -handle ) awright , you can fight it out later . right now we get to hustle . where 's connie ? there be a silence that stop Tom in he rush of preparation . ma ( quietly ) connie 's go . ( indicating rosasharn ) lit out this e'enin' - - say he do not know it be gonna be like this . PA ( angrily ) glad to get shet of he . never be no good a ' never will be -- ma pa ! shh ! PA how come I get to shh ? run out , do not he ? tom ( look to rosasharn ) cut it out , pa. he 'p Al with the truck . ( he kneel beside rosasharn . gently ) do not fret , honey . you goin ' to be awright . rosasharn ( uncover she face ) Tom , I jus ' do not feel like nothin ' a tall . without he I jus ' do not wanta live . tom maybe he will be back . we will leave word for he . jus ' do not cry . ( he pat she awkwardly ) the scene dissolves to hooverville , at night . the jalopy be lumber up on the road , one after the other , as the migrant scatter before the threaten invasion . in the joad truck , Tom be help rosasharn into the front seat , beside ma . the other be aboard except Al . Tom hand Al a wrench . tom just in case . sit up back a ' if anybody try to climb up -- let ' im have it . PA ( from truck ) I be not get nothin ' in *my * ha and . tom ( to Al ) give ' im a fryin ' pan . ( he get into the driver 's seat and start the truck ) in the front seat of the truck , Tom drive , ma sit in the middle , rosasharn on the other side . rosasharn ( hopefully ) maybe connie go to get some book to study up with . he 's gonna be a radio expert , ya know . maybe he figgered to suprise we . ma maybe that 's jus ' what he do . tom ma , they come a time when a man get mad . ma Tom - - you tol ' I -- you promise you be not like that . you promise I . tom I know , ma. I be a tryin ' . if it be the law they be workin ' with , we could take it . but it * be not * the law . they be workin ' away at we spirit . they be tryin ' to make we cringe a ' crawl . they be workin ' on we decency . ma you promise , Tommy . tom I be a-tryin ' , ma. honest I be . ma you gotta keep clear , Tom . the fambly 's breakin ' up . you * get * to keep clear . tom what 's that -- detour ? as he slow down the truck , we see that half of the road be block with board and red lantern . a group of man swarm around the joad truck as it stop . a leader lean in Tom 's window . leader where you think you be goin ' ? in the front seat of the truck Tom 's hand reach for the jack -handle on the seat at he side but ma 's hand clutches he arm in a steel grip . tom well -- ( then in a servile whine ) -- we be stranger here . we hear about they 's work in a place call tulare . leader well , you be goin ' the wrong way , an' what 's more , we do not want no more okie in this town . we be not get work enough for they that be already here . Tom 's arm tremble as he try to pull it away , but ma hold on tight . tom which way be it at , mister ? leader you turn right aroun ' and head north . a ' do not come back till the cotton 's ready . tom yes , sir . the truck turn around . in the front seat Tom be almost sobbing with anger as he maneuver the truck around . ma ( whisper ) do not you minute ' , Tommy . you do good . you do jus ' good . the truck be go back down the road as the scene fade out . a montage fade in : superimpose on grow field hand - make sign flash by : no help wanted , keep out --this means U , no work , no help wanted . then we see the joad truck pull up off the paved highway , and jack up while Tom and Al fix a puncture . ma be seat in the front seat with rosasharn . pa and uncle John be putter about worriedly . ma ( thoughtfully ) sump and get to happen soon . we get one day 's more grease , two day 's flour , a ' ten potato . after that ... ( look at rosasharn ) an' rosasharn , we get to remember she 's gonna be due soon . PA ( shaking he head ) it sure be hell jus ' tryin ' to get enough to eat . tom fella tell I they 's three hunerd thousan ' aroun ' here like we , a - scrabblin ' for work a ' livin ' like hog . can not figger what it be , but * sump ' n 's * wrong . a buick roadmaster which have be speed toward they stop suddenly . driving it be a husky man , name Spencer , whose manner be amiable and disarming . spencer Morning . tom Morning . spencer you people look for work ? tom mister , we be lookin ' even under board for work . spencer can you pick peach ? tom we can pick anything . spencer well , there 's plenty of work for you about forty mile north , this road just outside pixley . turn east on 32 and look for hooper 's ranch . tell them Spencer send you . this be electrify news , as they face show . tom mister , we sure that ya ! as they snap into action to get under way again the scene dissolves to the front seat , Al drive , with ma and Tom beside he . they be all smile , they face glow with excitement . ma ( excitedly ) fust thing I will get be coffee , cause ever ' body be wantin ' that , a ' then some flour a ' bakin ' powder a ' meat . better not get no side - meat right off . save that for later . maybe sat'dy . get to get some soap too . a ' milk . rosasharn 's get to have some milk . tom get some sugar too , for the coffee . ma you know , I jus ' can not remember when I feel so good before ! al know what I be a-gonna do ? I be a-gonna save up a ' go in town a ' get I a job in a garage . live in a room a ' eat in restaurant . go to the movin ' pitcher * ever '* night . cowboy pitcher . the scene dissolves to the entrance of the hooper ranch in daylight . a gravel road lead from the paved highway to the big wire gate , which be enclose . along the side of the paved highway be park a dozen jalopy , the migrant sit soberly in they . fifty or sixty other migrant line the gravel road and the junction with the paved highway . five jalopy be in line wait to enter the gate . and the scene be overwhelmingly police . there must be ten motorcycle cop around . six be dismounted and strolling to keep order among the migrant along the road . Three , they motorcycle roaring , flank the line of five jalopy . as the joad truck drive up , we see the front seat . Tom , Al , and ma be behold the scene with bewilderment . al what be it , a wreck ? cop ( on motorcycle ) where you think you be go ? tom fella name Spencer send we -- say they be work pickin ' peach . cop want to work , do you ? tom sure do . cop pull up behind that car . ( Calling ) okay for this one . take them through . tom ( the truck move ) what 's the matter ? what 's happen ? cop Little trouble up ahead , but you will get through . just follow the line . the motorcycle escort form around the line of six car and a deafen din be raise , of motorcycle , siren , and a inexplicable blow of horn on the jalopy . at the same time , as the gate open and the six car start through , flanke by the motorcycle cop , the migrant begin spasmodic shout , but what they say can not be understand . as the car move slowly , Tom and Al in the front seat be puzzle and worried at the demonstration . al maybe the road 's out . tom I do not know what this cop get to do with it but I do not like it . ( look out ) a ' this here be we own people , all of them . I do not like this . at the gate the heckling from the bystander be spasmodic , not continuous , as the six jalopy in line pass through the gate into the hooper ranch . two man stand beside the gate with shotgun . they keep call . men go on , go on ! keep movin ' ! the joad truck pass through the gate . in the hooper ranch the six jalopy be halt at the end of a camp street . the house be small , square block , set in line . one , a little larger , be a grocery store . casually about be man in pair with metal star on they shirt and shotgun in they hand . two bookkeeper be already pass down the car and jotting down information . bookkeeper want to work ? tom sure , but what be this ? bookkeeper that 's not you affair . name . tom joad . bookkeeper how many man ? tom four . bookkeeper woman ? tom two . bookkeeper kid ? tom two . bookkeeper can all of you work ? tom why , I guess so . bookkeeper okay . House 63 . wage 5 cent a box . no bruise fruit . move along and go to work right away . he move to the next car . the joad truck start ... at house 63 , as the joad truck pull up , two deputy approach . they look closely into each face as the joad pile out . one of the deputy have a long list in he hand . first deputy name . tom ( impatiently ) joad . say , what be this here ? second deputy ( consulting list ) not here . take a look at he license . first deputy 542-567 Oklahoma . second deputy ai not get it . guess they be okay . ( to Tom ) now you look here . we do not want no trouble with you . jes ' do you work and mind you own business and you will be all right . ( the deputy walk away ) tom they sure do want to make we feel at home all right . ma and rosasharn step inside the house . it be filthy . a rusty tin stove rest on four brick be all the one room contain . ma and rosasharn stand look around at it . finally : rosasharn we gonna live here ? ma ( after a moment ) why , sure . it will not be so bad once we get she wash out . rosasharn I like the tent better . ma this get a floor . would not leak when it rain . outside , a clerk with glass appear , push a cart load with three - gallon bucket . clerk name ? tom ( patiently ) it 's still joad . clerk ( doling out the bucket ) how many ? ma ( at the door ) six . ( to Tom ) all y'all go . I an' rosasharn will unload . with they bucket they shuffle away toward the peach tree -- Tom , pa , uncle John , Al , and the two child struggle with the enormous container . the scene dissolves to the interior of house 63 at night , a lantern lighting the scene . sitting wherever they can , the joad have finish they supper of hamburger . and grateful they be too , for the meat . tom ( wiping he mouth ) get any more , ma ? ma no . that 's all . you make a dollar , a ' that 's a dollar 's worth . PA that ! ma they charge extry at the comp'ny store but they be not no other place . tom I be not full . ma well , tomorra you will get in a full day -- full day 's pay - - a ' we will have plenty . PA ( rise ) you would not think jus ' reachin ' up a ' pickin'd get you in the back . tom think I will walk out a ' try to fin ' out what all that fuss outside the gate be . anybody wanta come with I ? PA no. I be jus ' gonna set awhile a ' then go to bed . al think I will look aroun ' a ' see if I can not meet I a girl . tom thing 's be workin ' on I , what they be yellin ' about . get I all curious . JOHN I get to get a lot curiouser than I be -- with all they cop out there . tom ( laugh ) okay . I be back a little later . ma you be careful , Tommy . do not you be stickin ' you nose in anything . tom ( leave ) okay , ma . do not you worry . in the ranch STREET . there be a faint moonlight , but not much , and little sound from the other house as Tom stroll down the street . near the gate : beyond , car pass . as Tom approach the gate a flashlight play on he face suddenly and a guard rise from a box . guard where you think you be go ? tom think I would take a walk . any law against it ? guard well , you just turn around and walk the other way . tom you mean I can not even get outa here ? guard not tonight you can not . want to walk back ? -- or you want I to whistle up some help and take you back ? tom I will walk back . the guard watch he as he walk back and then douse he flashlight . at a section of wire fence , watch he chance , move silently , Tom drop on the ground , on he back , get he head under the bottom wire , and push himself under and outside . rising , he cross the paved highway . a embankment across the road from the wire fence : Tom clamber down it , move quietly . he pick he way down the shallow ravine . a tent : there be a light inside and there be the shadow of figure . in the background , beyond the tent , be the silhouette of a small concrete bridge span a small stream . follow a trail , Tom enter and approach the tent . ( the open be away from he . ) in front of the tent , a man sit on a box look up suspiciously as Tom enter . his name be Joe . tom evenin ' . joe who be you ? tom jus ' goin ' pas ' , that 's all . joe know anybody here ? tom no. jus ' goin ' pas ' , I tell you . a head stick out of the tent . until he speak , Tom do not recognize casy . casy what 's the matter ? tom casy ! what you doin ' here ? casy well , if it be not Tom joad . how ya , boy ? tom think you be in jail . casy no , I do my time a ' get out . come on in . ( he pull Tom into the tent . ) inside the tent , three other man sit on the ground as casy bring Tom in . one 's name be Frank . frank this the fella you be talkin ' about ? casy this be he . what you doin ' here , Tommy ? tom workin '. pickin ' peach . but I see a bunch a fella yellin ' when we come in , so I come out to see what 's goin ' on . what 's it all about ? frank this here 's a strike . tom ( puzzle ) well , fi ' cent a box be not much , but a fella can eat . frank fi ' cent ! they pain ' you fi ' cent ? tom sure . we make a buck since midday . casy ( after a long silence ) lookie , Tom . we come to work here . they tell we it 's gonna be fi ' cent . but they be a whole lot of we , so the man say two a ' a half cent . well , a fella can not even eat on that , a ' if he get kid ... ( after a pause ) so we say we will not take it . so they druv we off . now they be payin ' you five -- but when they bust this strike ya think they will pay five ? tom I dunno . payin ' five now . casy ( soberly ) I do not expeck we can las ' much longer -- some a the folk be not et for two day . you goin ' back tonight ? tom I aim to . casy ( earnestly ) well -- tell the folk inside how it be , Tom . tell them they be starvin ' we and stabbin ' theirself in the back . a ' as sure as God make little apple it 's goin ' back to two a ' a half jus ' as soon as they clear we out . frank ( suddenly ) you hear sump and ? they listen . then : tom I will tell them . but I do not know how . never see so many guy with gun . would not even let we talk today . casy try a ' tell them , Tom . they will get two a ' a half , jus ' the minute we be go . a ' you know what that be ? that 's one ton a peach pick a ' carry for a dollar . that way you can not even buy food enough to keep you alive ! tell them to come out with we , Tom ! they peach be * ripe * . two day out a ' they will pay * all * of we five ! tom they will not . they be a- gettin ' five a ' they do not care about nothin ' else . casy but jus ' the minute they be not strike - breakin ' they will not get no five ! frank ( bitterly ) a ' the nex ' thing you know you will be out , because they get it all figgered down to a t--until the harvest be in you be a * migrant * worker - - afterwards , just a bum . tom five they be a-gettin ' now , an' that 's all they be int'rested in . I know exackly what pa would say . he would jus ' say it be not none a he business . casy ( reluctantly ) I guess that 's right . have to take a beatin ' before he will know . tom we be outa food . tonight we have meat . not much , but we have it . think pa 's gonna give up he meat on account a other fella ? an' rosasharn need milk . think ma 's gonna starve that baby jus ' cause a bunch a fella be yellin ' outside a gate ? casy ( sadly ) get to learn , like I be a-learnin ' . do not know it right yet myself , but I be tryin ' to fin ' out . that 's why I can not ever be a preacher again . preacher get to * know * . ( shake he head ) I do not . I get to * ask *. joe ( stick he head in tent ) I do not like it . casy what 's the matter ? joe can not tell . seem like I hear sump and , a ' then I listen a ' they be not nothin ' to hear . frank ( rise ) ' tai not outa the question , y'know . ( he exit ) casy all of we a little itchy . cop be tellin ' we how they gonna beat we up a ' run we outa the country . not they reg'lar deppity , but they tin- star fella they get for guard . ( after a pause ) they figger I be the leader because I talk so much . Frank 's head stick in the door . his voice be a excited whisper . frank turn out that light a ' come outside . they 's sump and here . quickly casy turn the light down and out . he grope for the door , follow by Tom and the other man . in front of the tent : casy ( softly ) what be it ? frank I dunno . listen . there be night sound but little else to be distinguished . casy can not tell if you hear it or not . you hear it , Tom ? tom ( softly ) I hear it . I think they 's some guy comin ' this way , lot of them . we better get outa here . joe ( whisper ) down that way -- under the bridge span . casy lead the way softly . the bridge span be see from the stream as casy , Tom , and the other man wade carefully toward it . under the bridge it be almost black as they creep through the culvert . just as casy and Tom step out from under the bridge on the other side , a blind flashlight hit they , lighting they like day . voice there they be ! stand where you be ! halted , uncertain , they stand as three man with star on they coat and pickhandle in they hand slide down the embankment . two of they hold light flashlight . deputy that 's he ! that one in the middle , the skinny one ! Chuck ! alec ! here they be ! we get them ! there be faint response from a distance . casy and tom be alone . the other have fle . the deputy approach , they light on casy and Tom . casy listen , you fella . you do not know what you be doin ' . you be helpin ' to stave kid . deputy shut up , you red -- he swing the pickhandle . casy dodge but the stick crack he skull . he fall face down out of the light . the deputy watch for a moment but casy do not stir . second deputy look like to I you kill he . deputy turn he over . put the light on he . bend over , they body hide casy . tom , see close , be breathe hard , he eye glisten . deputy voice serve he right , too . as the deputy straighten up , Tom step forward , grab the pickhandle from the man who fell casy , and swing . the blow strike the deputy 's arm , send he flashlight fly , and the scene be in semi-darkness as Tom swing again . there be a grunt and a groan as the deputy go down . then all be confusion . back away , swinging the pickhandle , Tom bolt , splashes a few yard through the stream , turn and gain a better start by throw the pickhandle at he pursuer . they duck , and Tom disappear into the night . the other man rush through the scene in pursuit . the second deputy be see bend over the body of the man Tom laid out . second deputy where 's that flash ? third deputy here . the light flash on the man 's face . third deputy ( awed ) Boy , he 's * good * and dead ! you see that fella that do it ? second deputy I be not sure -- but I catch he one across the face , and believe I , I give he a trade - mark * he* be not gonna be able to shake off easy ! tom be see crash through the bush , he face bloody . the scene fade out . the exterior of house 63 fade in . it be day . ma come down the street with a bundle under she arm and enter the house . inside house 63 , rosasharn sit by the window as ma enter . ma anybody ask anything ? rosasharn no be . ma stand by the door . rosasharn take she post at the door as ma kneel on the floor beside Tom , put down the rag bundle , and get a basin . Tom , who be under a quilt , be with he back alone visible . she speak softly , guardedly , as she bathes he face . ma how 's it feel , Tommy ? tom busted my cheek but I can still see . what would you hear ? ma look like you do it . tom ( soberly ) I kinda think so . felt like it . ma folk be not talkin ' about much else . they say they get poss out . talkin ' about a lynchin' - - when they catch the fella . tom they kill casy first . ma that be not the way they be tellin ' it . they be sayin ' you do it fust . tom ( after a pause ) they know what -- this fella look like ? ma they know he get hit in the face . tom ( slowly ) I be sorry , ma. but -- I do not know what I be doin ' , no more and when you take a breath . I do not even know I be gonna do it . ma it 's awright , Tommy . I wisht you do not do it , but you do what you have to do . I can not read no fault in you . tom I be gonna go away tonight . I can not go puttin ' this on you folk . ma ( angrily ) Tom ! they 's a whole lot I do not understan ' , but goin ' away be not gonna ease we . ( thoughtfully ) they be the time when we be on the lan ' . they be a bound 'ry to we then . ol ' folk die off , a ' little fella come , a ' we be always one thing -- we be the fambly -- kinda whole a ' clear . but now we be not clear no more . they be not nothin ' keep we clear . Al -- he 's a-hankerin ' a ' a - jibbitin ' to go off on he own . an' uncle John be just a-draggin ' along . pa 's lose he place -- he be not the head no more . we be crackin ' up , Tom . they be not no fambly now . rosasharn -- ( a glance at the girl ) -- she gonna have she baby , but * it * be not gonna have no fambly . I be tryin ' to keep she goin ' but -- winfiel ' - - what 's he gonna be , this - a- way ? growin ' up wild , an' ruthie , too - - like animal . get nothin ' to trus ' . do not go tom. stay a ' help . help I . tom ( tiredly ) okay , ma. I should not , though . I know I should not . but okay . rosasharn here come a lot of people . Tom put he head under the quilt . ma turn , face the door , she body protectively between Tom and whatever threaten . bookkeeper' voice how many of you ? migrant voice ten of we . whatcha payin ' ? outside house 63 , the bookkeeper have encounter the newcomer . bookkeeper House 25 . number 's on the door . migrant okay , mister . whatcha payin ' ? bookkeeper two and a half cent . migrant ( angrily ) two a ' a half ! say , mister , a man can not make he dinner on that . bookkeeper take it or leave it . there 's 200 man come from the South that will be glad to get it . migrant but -- but how we gonna eat ? bookkeeper look , I do not set the price . I be just work here . if you want it , take it . if you do not , turn right around and beat it . migrant ( sullenly ) which way be House 25 ? tom ( slowly ) that casy . he might a be a preacher , but - - he see a lot a thing clear . he be like a lantern - - he help my see thing too . ma come night we will get outa here . at night , the truck be back up to the door of House 63 ; it be already load . ma be speak in a low voice to Tom , who be peer out from under a mattress in the truck . ma it 's jus ' till we get some distance . then you can come out . tom I would hate to get * trap * in here . guard voice what 's goin ' on here ? Tom disappear . ma turn , she back to the truck . the guard play he flashlight on the joad , who stand watch he ominously . PA we be goin ' out . guard what for ? ma we get a job offer -- good job . guard yeah ? let 's have a look at you . ( he play he flashlight on the truck ) be not there another fella with you ? al you mean that hitch-hiker ? Little short fella with a pale face ? guard I guess that 's what he look like . al we just pick he up on the way in . he go away this mornin ' when the rate drop . guard ( think hard ) what would he look like again ? al short fella . pale face . guard be he bruise up this mornin ' ? about the face ? al I do not see nothin' . guard ( reluctantly ) okay . go on . quickly , Al be in the driver 's seat , with ma and pa beside he . the truck rattles into motion and move down the street . at the gate to the ranch another guard flash a light as Al stop the car . second guard goin ' out for good ? al yeah . goin ' north . get a job . second guard okay . he open the gate and the truck go through . it turn from the gravel road onto the paved highway . in the front seat of the truck : ma you do good , al. just good . Al show he pleased pride in she quiet approval . PA know where we be a-goin ' ? ma ( shaking she head ) do not matter . just get to go -- a ' keep a- goin ' , till we get plenty a distance away from here . the truck be rattling along the highway . next , it be day , and the truck be still churn along . in the front seat , Tom be drive , he cap pull as far down as possible over he wounded cheek . rosasharn have take pa 's place and be lean wearily against ma 's shoulder . rosasharn ma ... you know , if connie be here I would not minute ' any a this . ma I know , honey , a ' just as soon as we get settle Al 's gonna set out a ' look for he . how ' bout gas , Tommy ? tom full up . uncle John come through with five buck he be hol ' in ' out on we since we lef ' home . the truck keep move along . then it be night , and the truck be still make distance . on a country road , in grey dawn , with a deafen clank under the hood , the joad truck pull to a stop off the side of the road . Al be drive . asleep in Tom 's arm in the front seat , ma stir awake as Al turn off the ignition and get out . he lift the hood . tom she 's hotter and a heifer . al fan-belt 's shot . he pull out the piece . Tom get out and take off the radiator cap . there be a geyser of steam . in the back of the truck the other stand look on , sleepy - eye . tom ( look around ) pick a nice place for it , too , do not she ? they all look around . at first they find nothing in sight . Al and Tom look at each other in disgust . tom any gas ? al gallon or two ? tom ( whistling ) well , look like we do it this time awright ! rosasharn ( stand in truck ) Tommy . ( point ) some smoke up there . all look . Tom climb on the run board the better to see . tom look like about a mile . reckon she will make it ? al she get to make it . ma ( as they get back in ) what be it ? tom do not know -- but it 's better and this . as Al start the truck , the scene dissolves to a weather - beat wooden sign : " permanent camp no . 9 " " dept . of agriculture " we see the gate to the government camp , a wide gate in a high wire fence , with a caretaker 's shack to one side of the gate . the caretaker stand beside he shack as the joad truck swing off the road , hit a unnotice rut that bounce the whole truck off the ground , and stop . caretaker ( mildly ) you hit 'er too fast . in the front seat Al lean angrily out of the driver 's window . Tom be keep he face away from the caretaker 's line of vision . al what 's the idea of that ? caretaker ( chuckle ) well , a lot a kid play in here . you tell folk to go slow and they liable to forget . but let them hit that hump once and they do not forget ! Al start climb out . pa jump down from the truck . al get any room here for we ? caretaker ( nodd ) you be lucky . fellow just move out half - hour ago . ( point ) down that line and turn to the leave . you will see it . you will be in no. 4 sanitary unit . ma what 's that ? caretaker toilet and shower and washtub . ma you mean you get * washtub ?* a ' runnin ' water ? caretaker yes , mar 'am . ( to Al ) Camp committee will call on you in the morning and get you fix . al ( quickly ) cop ? caretaker no . no cop . folk here elect they own cop . ( to ma ) the lady ' committee will call on you , mar 'am , about the kid and the sanitary unit and who take care of them . ( to Al ) come inside and sign up . as ma , pa , and Al look at each other in almost incredulous bewilderment , Tom climb out of the truck . tom take 'er on down , Al . I will sign . PA we gonna stay , be not we ? tom you be tootin ' we be gonna stay . ( he follow the caretaker into the shack ) inside the shack , Tom enter warily , alert for any indication that either he name or he scar may have be learn and telegraphed here . but the caretaker obviously attaches no significance to either . the shack be bare but for a cot , a table , a chair , and a electric light . the caretaker be seat at the table , pen in hand , a soile ledger open , when Tom enter . caretaker I do not mean to be nosy , y'understand . I just get to have certain information . what 's you name ? tom ( watch he ) joad . Tom joad . caretaker ( write ) how many of you ? the joad truck be see in front of its camp site as the joad descend . al how ' bout it , uncle John ? gotta pitch this tent . JOHN ( groggy with sleep ) I be a-comin ' . ma you do not look so good . JOHN I * be not * so good , but -- I be a-comin ' . inside the caretaker' shack : caretaker Camp site cost a dollar a week , but you can work it out , carry garbage , keep the camp clean -- stuff like that . tom we will work it out . what 's this committee you talkin ' about ? caretaker we get five sanitary unit . each one elect a central committee man . they make the law , a ' what they say go . tom be you aimin ' to tell I that the fella that run this camp be jus ' fella - - campin ' here ? caretaker that 's the way it be . tom ( after a pause ) a ' you say no cop ? caretaker ( shaking he head ) no cop can come in here without a warrant . tom ( marvel ) I can not hardly believe it . Camp I be in once , they burn it out -- the deputy a ' some of they poolroom fella . caretaker they do not get in here . sometimes the boy patrol the fence , especially dance night . tom you get dance too ? caretaker we get the best dance in the county every Saturday night . tom say , who run this place ? caretaker government . tom why be not they more like it ? caretaker ( shortly ) * you * find out , I can not . tom anything like work aroun ' here ? caretaker can not promise you that , but there will be a license agent here tomorrow mornin' , if you want to talk to he . tom ( leave ) ma 's shore gonna like it here . she be not be treat decent for a long time . caretaker ( as Tom be at the door ) that cut you get ? tom ( evenly ) crate fall on I . caretaker better take care of it . store manager will give you some stuff for it in the morning . goodnight . tom goodnight . as he exit we see the government camp , with Tom come out of the shack , amazement still on he face . as he walk slowly down the main camp street we share the revelation of the place to he . it be nearly daylight . rooster crow in the distance . the street be neat and orderly in a military way , its cleanliness in sharp contrast to anything he have know before . Inside the tent people be stir . in front of one tent a woman be cooking breakfast . a baby be in she arm . tom good mornin ' . woman mornin ' . as he walk on , Tom draw a breath of exultation . as he move on , look around , we see the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 , a cheap frame building the purpose of which be pretty obvious . ruthie , warily alert lest she be catch , be peer in the door . she look a long time and then she run out of the scene . winfield be see asleep in a quilt on the ground when ruthie enter and roust he out . ruthie ( in a excited whisper ) git up . I get sump and to show you . winfield ( sleepily ) whatsa matter ? ruthie ( tug he ) it 's they white thing , make outa dish -stuff , like in the catalogue ! he stumble after she . the exterior of sanitary unit no . 4 . ruthie be put on a bold front as she lead winfield into sight but she be still alert for interference . ruthie come on . ai not nobody gonna say anything . winfield wo not they ketch we ? he follow she into the unit , big -ey with excitement and apprehension . there be a silence . then : ruthie' voice they 's where you wash you ha n's . another silence . then : winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( uncertainly ) well , I reckon you * stan ' * in they little room -- a ' water come down outa that there little jigger up there -- take a bath ! another silence . then : winfield voice ( excitedly ) jes ' like in the catalogue , be not they ! ruthie' voice ( proudly ) I see them b'fore you do . winfield voice what 's this ? ruthie' voice ( in alarm ) now do not you go monk 'ing -- there be the sound of a toilet flush . it be a cheap toilet and it be a loud flush which eventually end in a long refilling of the tank just as loudly . there be a paralyze silence . then : ruthie' voice now you do it ! you bust it ! winfield voice I never -- terrify , winfield come dash out of the unit but ruthie grab he just outside the door . beginning to cry , he struggle to get away . winfield lemme go ! I do not go to do it ! ruthie ( fiercely ) keep qui'te , will ya ! shet you mouth ! winfield ( weep ) I never know it ! all I do be pull that string ! ruthie lissen . you do bust it . you hear ? ( they listen to the refilling of the tank ) but lissen here . I will not tell nobody , y'understan ' ? winfield please do not . ruthie I will not -- ( craftily ) -- if you will not tell what * I * do ! he nod quickly . then ruthie begin to walk away with what she fancy be a innocent , nonchalant stroll , yawn casually . sniffle a little , winfield mimic she , a very innocent walk and yawn indeed . the scene dissolves to a ditch . alongside the ditch be some length of concrete pipe . Tom and the two wallace be in the ditch , Tom and Tim pick , wilkie shoveling . tom ( exulting ) if this do not feel good ! wilkie ( chuckle ) wait will about ' leven o'clock , see how good she feel then ! tom seem like a nice frien'ly fella to work for , too . tim lotta this little farmer mighty nice fella . trouble be they be little , they be not get much say -so . tom shore look like my lucky day , anyway . gettin ' some work at las ' . Mr. Thomas , the farmer , a stock man wear a paper sun helmet , enter . his face be worried as he squat down beside the ditch . what he have come to say have take some effort and he be still uncertain and annoyed . the man stop work . thomas lissen here . maybe I be talkin ' myself outa my farm , but I like you fella , so I be gonna tell you . you live in that gov 'ment camp , do not you ? tom ( stiffening ) yes , sir . thomas and you have dance every Saturday night ? wilkie ( smile ) we sure do . thomas well , look out next Saturday night . tim ( suddenly tense ) what you mean ? I belong to the central committee . I get to know . thomas do not you ever tell I tell . tim what be it ? thomas ( angrily ) well , the association do not like the government camp . can not get a deputy in there . can not arrest a man without a warrant . but if there be a big fight , and maybe shoot -- a bunch of deputy could go in and clean out the camp . ( unfold a newspaper ) like last night . lissen . " citizen , angere at red agitator , burn another squatter ' camp , warn agitator to get out of the county . " tom ( sick of the expression ) listen . what * be * this red ? ever ' time you turn aroun ' somebody sayin ' somebody else 's a red . what be this red , anyway ? wilkie ( chuckle ) well , I tell you . they be a fella up the country name King -- get about 30,000 acre a ' a cannery a ' a winery - - a ' he 's all a time talkin ' about red . drivin ' the country to ruin , he say . get to git rid of them , he say . well , they be a young fella jus ' come out a ' he be listenin one day . he kinda scratch he head a ' he say , " Mr. King , what * be * this red you all a time talkin ' about ? " well , sir , Mr. King say , " Young man , a red be any fella that want thirty cent a hour when I be payin ' twenty - five . " thomas ( fretfully ) I be not talkin ' about that one way or the other . all I be say be that there 's go to be a fight in the camp Saturday night . and there 's go to be deputy ready to go in . tom but why ? that fella be not botherin ' nobody . thomas I will tell you why . that folk in to be treat like human . suppose the government close its camp . suppose too many people pass through them . well , when that people go back to the squatter ' camp they will be hard to handle . ( wiping he brow ) go on back to work now . maybe I have talk myself into trouble , but you be folk like we , and I like you . tim ( extend he hand ) nobody will not know who tol ' . we thank you . ( grimly ) a ' they be not gonna be no fight , either . they shake hand . the scene dissolves to the gate to the camp , at night . it be Saturday evening , the night of the dance . glaring electric light hang over the open gate . park jalopy line the highway as the invite guest , small farmer and migrant from other camp and they family , arrive to be greet and check by a committee of three man . committee man ev'nin ' , mar 'am . who would you say invite you ? guest mister an' mizz Clark , they ast we . committee man yes , mar 'am . come right in , mar 'am . there be a air of eager anticipation , of gay celebration , and everyone be in he or she best -- the man in clean wash overall , clean shirt , some with tie , they hair damp and slicked down , the woman in they nicest . through the gate , inside the camp , can be see the outdoor dance floor , brightly light , with the camp musician already tuning up , and around the dance floor score of wide - eye child . inside the gate to the camp , we see wilkie and a dark - complexion man name jule stand among a group inside watch the arrival . they watch sharply , eyeing everyone , listen to every credential . as he employer , Thomas , come through the gate with he wife , wilkie grin and greet he with a handshake . wilkie hidy , Mr. Thomas . hidy , mizz Thomas . thomas ( sotto voce ) you watch out , be not you ? wilkie ( grin ) do not you worry . ai not gonna be no trouble . thomas I hope you know what you be talk about . ( he move away , wilkie grin after he ) we see the dance floor , and after three pat of the foot , to get the tempo , the home talent dance orchestra swing into music . inside the joad tent , rosasharn dress in she nicest , sit grip she hand together , the music seem to bring she to the verge of tear . rosasharn ma ... ( ma turn from drying dish ) ma , I -- I can not go to the dance . I jus ' can not ma. I can not hardly stan ' it , with connie not here - - a ' I this way . ma ( try to cheer she ) why , honey , it make folk happy to see a girl that way -- make folk sort of giggly a ' happy . rosasharn ( miserably ) I can not he 'p it , ma . it do not make * I * giggly a ' happy . drying she hand , ma sit beside rosasharn and take she in she arm . ma ( tenderly ) you a ' I 's goin ' together - - jus ' you a ' I . we be a- goin ' to that dance a ' we be a- goin ' to jus ' set a ' watch . if anybody say to come dance -- why I will say you be poorly . but you a ' I , we be gonna hear the music a ' see the fun . rosasharn a ' you will not let nobody touch I ? ma no -- a ' look what I get for you . smiling mysteriously , ma fish in a pocket in she dress and bring out the envelope of she treasure . from it she produce the earring and hold they up in front of rosasharn 's wide eye . ma ( softly ) I use to wear this -- when you pa come callin ' on I . ( then as she put they on rosasharn 's ear ) you will look pretty in them tonight . they smile at each other , proud in the luxury of ornament . down the road from the gate a touring car with six man pull of the pavement and stop . Three man get out . they be barehead and dress similar to the other migrant . they stroll down the highway toward the gate . the other man , deputy , sit watch they . within the gate : wilkie they tell I you be half injun . you look all injun to I . jule no , jes ' half . wisht I be full - blooded . gov'ment would be lookin ' out for I a ' I would be ridin ' around in a buick eight . the three man from the touring car be at the gate . wilkie and jule watch they . committee man who give you the invitation ? man fella name jackson--buck Jackson . committee man okay . come on in . the three man stroll past wilkie and jule , whose eye follow they . jule they 's we fella . wilkie how you know ? jule jes ' get a feelin' . they be kinda scared too . follow them a ' get a holt of Jackson . see if he know them . I will stay here . wilkie move after they . we see the dance floor . the musician be at it and the fiddler be call turn . fiddler swing you lady a ' a dol ce do . join han 's roun ' a ' away we go ! swing to the right a ' a swing to the lef ' . break , now break -- back to back ! well in front , among the older folk and child who surround the floor , be ma and rosasharn , cling close . a young man stop in front of they . ma ( quietly ) thank you kin'ly but she be not well . as rosasharn 's eye drop . ma bend toward she , a shy smile on she face . ma maybe you would not think it , but you pa be as nice a dancer as I ever see , when he be young . ( with a little sigh ) kinda make I think a ol ' time . the three man stroll into sight and stand watch the dance . one glance at ma and rosasharn but do not speak . ma have smile back at he . wilkie and jackson be see ; remove somewhat from the dance floor they be peer in the direction of the three man . jackson I see them before . worked at gregorio 's with them . but I never ast them . wilkie awright . keep you eye on them . jus ' keep them in sight , that 's all . ( he move quickly away ) we find ourselves inside tim wallace's tent . the five member of the central committee , Tim wallace , chairman , look grave as a 15 - year - old boy report . boy I see them , Mr. wallace . a car with six man park down by the euc'lyptus tree a ' one with three man on the main road . they get gun , too . I see them . tim thank you , Willie . you do good . ( as Willie exit ) well , it look like the fat 's in the far this time . first man ( angrily ) what they deppity want to hurt the camp for ? how come they can not leave we be ? second man what we oughta do , we oughta git we some pickhandle a ' -- tim ( quickly ) no ! that 's what they want . no sir . if they can git a fight goin ' , then they can run in the cop a ' say we be not orderly -- ( he stop as wilkie enter follow by Tom ) wilkie they be here . we get them spot . there be a grim pause at this news . Tim 's eye go hard . tim ( to Tom ) you sure you get ever 'thing ready ? tom ( calmly ) ai not gonna be no trouble . tim ( worriedly ) you be not to hurt they fella . wilkie ( grin ) you do not have to worry . we get ever 'thing arrange . maybe nobody will even see it . tim just do not use no stick nor no knife , no piece a arn . a ' if you get to sock them , sock them where they will not bleed . tom yes , sir . tim awright . a ' if she get outa han ' , I will be in the right han ' corner , this side the dance floor . tom ( blandly ) ai not gonna get outa ha and . wilkie make a mock military salute as he and Tom exit . the committee man look worriedly after they . first man mighty sure a themselves , look like . tim all I hope , I hope they do not kill nobody . in front of the joad tent , dress to kill , be Al , ready for the festivity . he wear a tight - fitting wool suit , a tie on he shirt , yellow shoe , and he hair be damp and slicked down . he rub he hand together in anticipation as he stroll in the direction of the dance floor . at another tent , a blonde girl sit on a box as Al enter . casually he throw open he coat , revealing a vivid stripe shirt . this be design to stun he quarry . al gonna dance tonight ? ( the girl ostentatiously ignore he ) I can waltz . girl ( aloofly ) that 's nothin' -- anybody can waltz . al ( shaking he head ) not like I ! a fat woman thrust she head out of the tent . woman you git right along ! this here girl 's speak for . she 's gonna be marry , a ' she man 's a-comin ' for she . shrugge , Al wink at the girl and move on , step and move he shoulder and snap he finger in time to the music , a very gay fellow indeed . the blonde girl 's eye follow he . then she turn and glance cautiously toward the tent . on the dance floor , we see ma and rosasharn as Tom enter and stand between they . this be during a pause between dance and only a few couple stand on the floor wait for the music to begin again . we also see the three man very casually look around -- but no more casual look than wilkie , stand just behind they , idly whistling . tom ( grin ) she 's gettin ' prettier , ma. ma ( as rosasharn hide she face ) girl with a baby * always * get prettier . the music start again , once more the dancer move onto the dance floor . the three man exchange a glance and step casually to the edge of the dance space , one in the lead . they survey the scene , but for the moment make no further move . the atmosphere be tense . tom ( softly ) Excuse I , ma . ( he move quietly out of the scene , toward the three man ) al , take the blonde girl 's hand , step onto the dance floor . encircle she waist , they begin to dance . they be a smooth , rhythmic couple who move as one be . al well , you say anybody can waltz ... how be * i* doin ' ? blonde girl do not hold I so tight . al ( tongue - in - cheek ) why , I be not hardly touchin ' you ! blonde girl ( squirming ) you be * ticklin ' I !* al ( grab she still closer ) that come from not holdin ' you tight * enough .* blonde girl ( complain but loving it ) now I can not breathe . at this moment the leader of the three man ( the other two directly behind he ) enter the scene . leader I will dance with this girl . al ( angrily ) you a ' who else ? behind the three man a solid wall of migrant be close in quietly , Tom and wilkie in the middle . leader do not gimme no argament -- ( a shrill whistle sound in the distance ) -- you little -- his fist go back , he leave hand reach for Al 's collar . at the same instant Tom grab he , wilkie clap he hand over the leader 's mouth , at least fifteen other man have similarly collard the other two invader , and they be all lift bodily . there be not a sound as the three man , hold in iron grip , be whisk from the dance floor and into the crowd . two touring car have stop in front of the close gate and the deputy have draw gun . driver open up ! we hear you get a riot . caretaker riot ? I do not see no riot . who be you ? driver deputy sheriff . caretaker get a warrant ? driver we do not need a warrant if it 's a riot . caretaker well , I do not know what you gonna do about it , because I do not hear no riot a ' I do not see no riot , a ' what 's more I do not believe they * be * no riot . ( waving toward the dance floor ) look for yourself . as the deputy , puzzle and uncertain , look toward the dance floor , we see the music , the dance , the gaiety continue as if nothing have happen . within the joad tent at night , several hour later : the tent be black , Tom strike a match . from a piece of wood on the ground or floor he select one from several cigarette butt and light it . while he be do so , he lift he head suddenly , and listen . in the camp STREET we catch sight of leg walk , the ground light from a flashlight . two pair of the leg wear state policeman 's leather legging . the third pair be the caretaker 's . they stop behind a car . the flashlight play on the license plate . one of the state cop lean down to copy the license number in a booklet . then they move on . tom have lift the edge of the tent a trifle , enough to see out by flatten he head on the floor . the legs be now see at the joad jalopy . the light be on the license plate . the cop lean over and copy the number . they move on . tom , lowering the edge of the tent , sit up . quietly he push aside the piece of carpet that cover he . he be wear he clothes . we see the policeman 's car at the caretaker 's hut . the two policeman get into the car . caretaker you get no right to arrest anybody without a warrant , you know . first cop we will have a warrant -- just as soon as we check with headquarters . the car drive off , leave the caretaker look somberly after it . within the joad tent , he cap on , fully dress for travel , Tom be tie the end of the carpet into a shoulder bundle . rising , he sling it across he shoulder . as he tiptoe toward the door : ma ai not you gonna tell I goodbye , Tommy ? for a moment he look into the darkness in she direction . tom I do not know , ma . I do not know if I ought . she have rise , pull the quilt around she . he take she by the hand . tom come outside . they go out . Tom lead ma around behind the tent , to a section of wire fence . there be a bench there . Tom lead ma to it and sit she down . he sit beside she . tom they be some cop here , ma . they be takin ' down the license number . it look like somebody know sump and . ma ( softly ) it have to come , I reckon , soon or later . tom I would like to stay . I would like to be with ya - - ( smile ) -- a ' see you face when you a ' pa get settle in a nice little place . I sure wish I could see you then . but -- ( shaking he head ) -- I guess I will not never be able to do that . not now . ma I could hide you , Tommy . tom ( touch she hand ) I know you would , ma. but I be not gonna let you . you hide somebody that 's kilt a man a ' ... a ' you would be in trouble too . ma ( touch he face with she finger ) awright , Tommy . what you figger you gonna do ? tom ( thoughtfully ) you know what I be thinkin ' about , ma? about casy . about what he say , what he do , a ' about how he die . a ' I remember all of it . ma he be a good man . tom I be thinkin ' about we , too -- about we people livin ' like pig , a ' good rich lan ' layin ' fallow , or maybe one fella with a million acre , while a hundred thousan ' farmer be starvin' . a ' I be wonderin ' if all we folk get together a ' yell -- ma ( frighten ) Tommy , they will drive you , a ' cut you down like they do to casy . tom they gonna drive I anyways . soon or later they will get I , for one thing if not another . until then ... ma you do not aim to kill nobody , Tom ! tom no , ma. not that . that be not it . but long as I be a outlaw , anyways , maybe I can do sump and . maybe I can jus ' fin ' out sump and . jus ' scrounge aroun ' a ' try to fin ' out what it be that 's wrong , a then see if they be not sump and could be do about it . ( worriedly ) but I be not think it out clear , ma. I can not . I do not know enough . ma ( after a pause ) how be I gonna know ' bout you ? they might kill you a ' I would not know . they might hurt you . how be I gonna know ? tom ( laugh uneasily ) well , maybe it 's like casy say , a fella be not get a soul of he own , but on 'y a piece of a big soul - - the one big soul that belong to ever 'body -- a ' then ... ma then what , Tom ? tom then it do not matter . then I will be all aroun ' in the dark . I will be ever ' where - - wherever you look . wherever there 's a fight so hungry people can eat , I will be there . wherever there 's a cop beatin ' up a guy , I will be there . I will be in the way guy yell when they be mad - - a ' I will be in the way kid laugh when they be hungry a ' they know supper 's ready . a ' when we people eat the stuff they raise , a ' live in the house they build , why , I will be there too . ma ( slowly ) I do not understan ' it , Tom . tom ( drily ) I neither . ( rising ) it 's jus ' stuff I be thinkin ' about . gimme you han ' , ma. good-by . ( he climb over the fence ) ma good-by , tom. later -- when it 's blow over -- you will come back ? you will try to fin ' we ? tom sure. good-by . ma good-by , Tommy . he walk away . she stand look after he . he 's leave she forever -- she know it . she lift she hand and wave . she try to smile . tom turn , wave , smile . his lip form the word : " good - by , ma . " then he stride away into the darkness . the scene fade out . the joad truck fade in . it stand load in front on the joad tent while Al , pa , uncle John , ma , and the little fella pile in the last article in a fury of excitement . Beyond , in the background , another jalopy be be prepare for travel with the same feverish haste . it be day . al , PA , JOHN ( ad lib ) get they bucket on ! somebody tie down the mattress ! you little fella keep outa the way ! man ( from the other truck , gaily ) what y'all hurryin ' so for ? tell I they get twenny day work . PA yes , sir , a ' we aim to git in all twenny of them . other jalopy in the background be be readied for leave -- a excited , hopeful exodus on a new report of work . al ready , ma? ma I will get rosasharn . PA ( beam ) all aboard , ever 'body ! all aboard for fresno ! ma come out of the tent support rosasharn tenderly . for the plumpness have go from the girl and she be thin again , she face draw and unhappy , she eye swollen with weep and suffer . ma ( softly ) try to be strong , honey . someday it will be diff'rent -- someday you will have another one . you be still jus ' a little girl , remember . pa take rosasharn 's other arm . he and Al and uncle John help rosasharn onto the truck . she lie down on the mattress , she face away from they . PA make she easy , John . watch she . ma she will be awright . al ( in the driver 's seat ) ready , pa ? PA ( as he and ma climb in the front seat ) let 'er go , gallagher ! the truck wabbles into motion . Al race the engine . it nearly crash another wheeze jalopy at the corner . when it turn the corner we see the gate , and a line of load jalopy that ride out to the highway . the caretaker wave and the migrant wave back . caretaker good luck to you ! good luck , ever 'body ! the joad good-by , Mr. conway ! much oblige to you for ever'thing ! the joad truck turn onto the highway . in the front seat Al be drive , ma in the middle , pa on the outside . al twenty day work , oh boy ! PA be glad to get my han ' on some cotton . that 's the kin ' a pickin ' I understan ' . ma maybe . maybe twenny day work , maybe * no * day work . we be not get it till we get it . al ( grin ) whatsa matter , ma? gettin ' scared ? ma ( smile faintly ) no . ai not ever gonna be scared no more . ( after a pause ) I be , though . for a while I think we be beat --* good * a ' beat . look like we do not have nothin ' in the worl ' but enemy -- be not * no * body frien'ly anymore . it make I feel bad a ' scared too - - like we be lose ... a ' nobody care . al watch I pass that chevvy . PA ( soberly ) you the one that keep we goin ' , ma . I be not no good any more , a ' I know it . seem like I spen ' all my time this day a- thinkin ' how it use 'tat be -- thinkin ' of home - - a ' I be not never gonna see it no more . ma place she hand on one of pa 's and pat it . ma woman can change better and a man . man life in jerk -- baby bear , or somebody die , that 's a jerk -- get a farm , or lose one , an' that 's a jerk . with a woman it 's all one flow , like a stream , little eddyy , little waterfall , but the river it go right on . woman look at it like that . al ( at the jalopy ahead ) look at that ol ' coffeepot steam ! PA ( think of what ma say ) maybe , but we shore takin ' a beatin' . ma ( chuckle ) I know . maybe that make we tough . Rich fella come up a ' they die , an' they kid be not no good , a ' they die out . but we keep a-comin ' . we be the people that live . can not nobody wipe we out . can not nobody lick we . we will go on forever , pa . we be the people . ( she say this with a simple , unaffected conviction ) the truck , steaming and rattling and churn , pass the chevrolet and Al lean out of the window and wave a jeer hand at it . as the joad truck pull in front , we see ruthie and winfield laugh with excitement over the triumph . even uncle John share the general satisfaction . grinning , he wave . as the truck move away along the road , all three and beam and wave . further along the truck pass a sign on the side of the road . it say no help wanted . the scene fade out . the end