gravity written by May 29 , 2012 black . silence . card 1 at 600 km above planet earth the temperature fluctuate between 120 and - 100 degree celsius . silence . card 2 there be nothing to carry SOUND , no oxygen , and no AIR pressure . silence . card 3 life here be impossible . silence . title - gravity black - outer space , 600 kilometer above - planet earth . like all image of Earth see from space , this image of we planet be mythical and majestic . the globe seem almost tangible , slowly spin , float in the endless void of space . it be a blue planet , and bright white cloud twirl and stretch in capricious pattern across the deep blue of the ocean and the jigsaw of continent : green , yellow and brown . it be noon in cape town and early night in India . the sphere be almost a perfect orb except for the darken sliver on its Eastern edge . it be beautiful ! and so full of life . but not here . here it be completely silent . silence - in the distance - a small metal object cross the empty space surround Earth . if it appear to be a small satellite that be only because it be far away from we . it be the size of one football field . it be - the INTERNATIONAL space station ( ISS ) . it resemble a dragonfly . its solar panel stretch out , like wing , from the long body make of connect pressurize module . it float with a sense of proud achievement . it orbit at a altitude of 500 km above sea level . it move at a average of 27,700 kilometer per hour , complete 15.7 lap around the Earth per day . it be cruise over Zimbabwe . to the East , the island of madagascar . up to the North , the expansive dry land of Somalia and ethiopia . soon , the ISS curve around the spherical planet , and it become smaller , almost indistinguishable , no more than a small bright spec graze over the blue atmosphere . closer to US - orbite at a altitude of 600 km - the explorer space shuttle become visible . this icon of space exploration have play a key role in all of NASA 's mission since the late 90' . faintly we hear static , voice murmure over radio frequence . as the babble buld we might hear one conversation amongst the rest : mission control ( on radio , faint ) explorer , please verify that the p1 ata removal on replacement cap part 1 and 2 be complete . explorer cap ( on radio , faint ) dma M1 , m2 , m3 and m4 be complete . mission control ( on radio , faint ) copy that explorer . Dr stone- Houston , request status update ... a fizz of static and then the voice continue with sudden , starling clarity . ryan installation ninety - five percent complete . running level one diagnostics on circuit , sensor , and power . standby . mission control ( on radio ) stand by . look like we be on schedule . Dr. Stone , Medical be concerned about you ecg reading . ryan I be fine Houston . mission control ( radio ) well , medical do not agree doctor . be you feel nauseous ? ryan not any more than usual , Houston . diagnostics be green . link to communication card . ready for data reception . if this work , when we touch down tomorrow , I be buy all you guy a round of drink . mission control ( radio ) that 's a date , doctor . just remember , Houston be partial to margarita . ryan ok , here we go ... boot comm card now . please confirm link . ( beat ) Houston , please confirm reception of data . mission control ( on radio ) negative . we be not see any data . ryan stand by , Houston . I be gonna reboot the comm card . mission control ( radio ) stand by . a astronaut - matt kowalski - float thirty meter away from the shuttle wear a bulky white space suit and a full , bubble - like helmet . astronaut Houston , I have a bad feel about this mission . mission control please expand . matt okay , let I tell you a story . it be ' 96 . I would be up here 42 day . every time I pass over Texas , I would look down , know the second Mrs kowalsky , be look up , think of I . six week I be blow kiss to that woman . then we land at Edwards and I find out she would run off with a lawyer before I be off the launch pad , so I pack my car and I head to ... mission control Tijuana . you have tell this story , kowalsky . as Houston recall , she take off in you ' 74 gto . Engineering request fuel status on the jet pack prototype . Matt smile , check the monitor of the sleek device strapped to he back . matt five hour off the reservation and I show 30 % drain . my compliment to Engineering . except for a slight malfunction on the null of the roll axis , this jetpack be one prime piece of thrust . mission control ( on radio ) Engineering say thank you . matt tell they I still prefer my ' 67 corvette though . speak of which do I ever tell you the -- mission control ( on radio ) we know the corvette story , Matt . matt even Engineering ? mission control especially engineering . we be go to miss you , Matt . Matt grin , fiddle with a control and propel himself away from the shuttle . station around the telescope be two astronaut carry out a repair mission . they be also wear space suit but unlike Matt , they be not wear manned maneuver unit . safety tether be the only thing stop they from float away into space . ryan comm card reboot in progress . mission control ( on radio ) thank you doctor . shariff , what 's you status ? shariff nearly there . replacing battery module A1 and c. shariff dasari be a indian engineer in he mid-thirty . he be attach with tether to a platform on one side of the hubble . this be he second mission into outer space . mission control ( on radio ) could you be more specific ? indeterminate estimate make Houston anxious . shariff no ... no ... no Houston , do not be anxious . anxiety be not good for the heart ... the system be ready to be - activate . mission control ( on radio ) hubble telescope engage . upgrade fully functional . that applause you hear be for you , shariff . congratulation . kick back , take the rest of the day off . shariff cheer and begin sing a pop tune in Hindi , burst into a Zero-G bollywood choreography that be repress by the stiffness of he space suit . shariff ( singing ) woohoo ... jaise baadal paani ka , yaarana Hai oh jaise paani ka , yaarana hai. mission control ( on radio ) Matt , please advise as to Mission specialist shariff 's current activity . matt he appear to be do the macarena of some sort . though that would merely be a best guess scenario on my part . Matt be now approach the explorer , skillfully maneuver he thruster . the other astronaut stand perch on a robotic arm attach to the shuttle . the arm be a crane- like move platform remotely operate from inside the shuttle . we track in on the astronaut as she work intently alone . mission control Dr. stone. Houston . Medical now have you with a temperature drop to 35. 9 and heart rate rise to 70 . how be you do ? ryan Houston , I be fine , it 's just ... ( she swallows ) ... keeping you lunch down in zero G be harder than it look . mission control Doctor Stone ? Medical be ask if you want to return to explorer ? Ryan hum as she jiggle the card . ryan no , we have be here for a week Houston , let 's just finish this . ryan stone be a medical engineer , specialize in hospital scan system . she 's focus on she work as though she 's all alone in the world . this be she first mission . Ryan eye the Card , then ... ryan ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) Card be up . mission control ( on radio ) that 's a negative . I be afraid we be get nothing on this end , doctor . Ryan eye the Card , then ... ryan try again . mission control ( a beat , then ... ) still nothing . ryan Houston , could you please turn that music off ? mission control ( on radio ) kowalsky ? matt not a problem . Matt toggle a switch and the music stop . ryan thank you , kowalsky . Ryan move the Card around . ryan ( cont 'd ) now , Houston ? mission control negative . ryan could Houston be misinterprete the data --? mission control ( on radio ) we be not receive any data . Engineering be recommend a vis - check for component damage . again , as if to herself - ryan mmmm . let I see what 's go on . she start to disengage one of the panel . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) what have you get here ? Ryan take out a card from under the plate and begin to examine it . Matt begin to approach she . ryan ( cont 'd ) Visual examination do not reveal any damage component . the problem must be originate in the comm panel . mission control ( on radio ) that seem to be the case . Engineering admit that you warn we that this could happen . that 's as close to a apology as you be go to get from they . we should have listen to you doc . without lose any time , Ryan put the card back into the telescope - ryan I be on it . mission control ( on radio ) copy that . how long do you think it will take you ? Matt begin a wide loop around the telescope . ryan a hour . mission control ( on radio ) outstanding . we appreciate you patience , Doctor . installing you system in the hubble be the main purpose of this mission . Ryan do not respond , continue to work . Matt close in as he circle the telescope . mission control ( cont 'd ) Houston trust Mission Commander kowalsky realize that this delay be not of sufficient duration to enable he to surpass anatoly 's solovyev 's spacewalk record , as most recent calculation indicate that he will be leave ... matt seventy - five minute shy . never cross my mind . mission control ( on radio ) Matt , it 's be a privilege . Matt hesitates ever-so-briefly , then ... matt right back atcha , Houston . mission control ( on radio ) enjoy you last walk ... matt be I a go to assist Dr. Stone in remove the panel ? ryan Assistance appreciate . mission control ( on radio ) permission grant . matt thank you , Houston . ( to ryan ) mind if I join the fun ? ryan certainly . Ryan begin unbolt . Matt land right next to Ryan and grab onto the telescope . she be frustrated , determine . matt how be you feel ? ryan like a Chihuahua that 's be tumble dry . Matt take out he pistol grip , and with fast precision put its head to a bolt and begin unscrew . Matt remove the bolt with confidence . matt it 's be a rough week . if it make you feel any better , I puke up everything but my kidney on my first ride . Ryan be not as precise with she pistol grip , and when a bolt come off - she drop it . ryan whoa ...! awol ! the bolt spin float away . she try to grab it but miss , barely touch it but brush it just enough to give it a push that make it change direction .... she turn and reach out to grab it , but she be strapped to the robotic Arm . the bolt spin out into the emptiness of space when - a hand grab it before it have go too far . it be Matt 's . Ryan look at he , embarrassed . ryan ( cont 'd ) thanks . sorry . in my basement lab thing usually fall to the floor . Matt put the bolt away . he begin to unscrew another bolt . matt hey -- you be the genius up here . I just drive this bus . ryan call I a genius if I can get this board initialized in the next hour . mission control explorer , this be Houston . explorer cap go ahead Houston . mission control norad report a satellite have incur a missile strike . the impact have create a cloud of debris orbit at 20,000 mile per hour . current debris orbit do not overlap with you trajectory . we will keep you post on any development . Ryan glance at Matt . ryan should we be worried ? matt let the boy down there worry for we . ryan explorer , engage arm and pivot to cargo bay . explorer cap ( on radio ) standby for arm maneuver . the robotic arm move very slowly , pull Ryan along while Matt begin to unharness from the telescope to shift he position . matt so doc , now that you work for NASA , how do you like it ? shariff kinda like win the lottery , be not it ? she grin at the memory , glance at he . confess : ryan I be just happy that they do not cut the funding to my research . matt how long be you training ? ryan six month . shariff include holiday ? matt so , what be this scan system ? shariff nothing rad , it 's just a new set of eye to scan the universe . ryan assume it work , it 's just for hospital use . this one be a prototype . explorer cap standby for mark . matt listen , they do not bankroll prototype , even for you pretty blue eye . she give he a look . ryan my eye be brown . Matt stare at she , a faint smile on he face . matt right now you eye be blood shut . she grin , look away -- he get she . then ... shariff kowalsky ! Matt turn . shariff raise he arm again . shariff ( cont 'd ) be this great or what ?! shariff jump and float away from the shuttle , scream and flap he arm . a long safety tether attach to he waist tense and - bring shariff to a abrupt stop , snap he back like a bungee cord . matt ( for Ryan 's benefit ) and to think he go to Harvard . Ryan do not react to this , too consume as she be with the panel . Matt look out . a sad smile be on he face . matt ( cont 'd ) you gotta admit one thing . you can not beat the view .... matt enjoy the view the earth , with its ever - change surface of blue and white , green and brown , be massive and serene below he . ryan mm-hm . matt " mmm ? " so what do you like about be up here ? she hesitates -- try sincerely to articulate she feeling as we gaze down at the silent planet below . ryan the silence . ( beat ) I could get use to it . Matt laugh softly . we arrive back on he as he turn back to look at Earth . something flicker briefly in Matt 's eye -- something complicate -- matt hmmmm . terrific . Ryan inspect a panel inside the telescope , study it with a small mirror . ryan Houston , from first inspection comm panel appear to be dead . be I a go to cut link to auxiliary ? mission control you be the expert , doctor . it 's you call . Ryan take out the small mirror and Matt stretch he arm , offer assistance , but - she do not want any help and put the mirror away in she toolbox , leave Matt with he arm outstretch . Ryan start look for another tool , but Matt be one move ahead of she , offer she a pair of tweezers . Ryan hesitates and take the tool . she start work on the panel . matt Houston , I have a bad feel about this mission . mission control please elaborate . matt it 's the same feel I have at mardi gras in 1987 ...? he wait , let the moment hang knowingly . then : mission control that be affirmative . surprisingly , control have not hear the mardi gras story . please proceed . matt well , it 's day one and I be bump my way down bourbon Street look for the sister of a friend of mine . the street be swim with people , I be think there 's no way I be find this girl ... Ryan roll she eye and mumble to herself - ryan proceed to over ride . Matt continue he story without miss a beat - matt then all of a sudden I look up and -- there she be . ( more ) matt ( cont 'd ) I be about to yell out when I notice she 's hold hand with a short hairy guy in board short and a margaritaville T-shirt . then I realize , the guy 's no guy . my sister 's friend be hold hand with a -- Mission Control interrupt on the radio . mission control ( on radio ) ISS , this be Houston . space station cap ( on radio ) Zlotze Houston . Ryan insert the plate into the hubble . mission control ( on radio ) explorer , this be Houston . explorer cap ( on radio ) go ahead Houston . mission control ( on radio ) Mission abort . repeat : mission abort . initiate emergency disconnect from hubble . all the astronaut stop what they be do and anxiously await further instruction , except for Ryan who keep work . mission control ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) begin re-entry procedure . start deorbit prep for pls at Kennedy . ISS , initiate emergency evacuation . Matt be immediately flung into action and rapidly unharness himself from the hubble . explorer cap ( on radio ) copy all Houston , and in work . Matt , immediate return to explorer . repeat , immediate return to explorer . matt Roger . explorer , prep airlock ! explorer cap ( on radio ) airlock engage -- ready to receive . Ryan be work on the panel . matt Houston . elaborate . mission control ( on radio ) debris from the impact have cause a chain reaction , hit other satellite in its path and create new debris . norad report that orbital and ballistic effect be drive the cloud of debris up toward you altitude . how copy ? matt copy all Houston . ( to ryan ) put a bow on it Dr. Stone . ryan I can not . if I turn it off now we will lose the whole system . she keep on furiously tweak . matt I be not go to ask you again . ryan one second -- matt not one second . now ! shut it down ! that's a order !!! she look up , see Matt glaring . look he in the eye . ryan sorry . I be sorry . it 's do . the robotic arm slowly withdraw , carry Ryan back towards the shuttle . Matt watch she go , then : explorer cap ( on radio ) kowalsky , initiate emergency disconnect from the hubble . matt alright shariff , let 's do this . shariff Roger . shariff turn and head toward the base of the telescope hold onto the hangar 's handrail . matt Houston . update . Matt propel himself to the base of the hubble use the propelling unit on he back . mission control we have a full on chain reaction . it 's be confirm that it be the unintentional side effect of the Russians strike one of they own satellite . shariff arrive to the base of the telescope . shariff they shot down they own satellite ? matt right of disposal . most likely a spy sit go bad . now it 's space junk . Matt grab onto the base of the telescope - matt ( cont 'd ) explorer , ready to disengage hst . explorer cap ( on radio ) lock release in three ... two ... one ... the lock attach the hubble to the explorer release . Matt and shariff give the hubble a push away from the hangar . push the huge telescope be not a difficult task in zero gravity . mission control explorer , new data come through . as it float away , Matt give the telescope a small spin . matt what 's the blowback , Houston ? mission control it 's not good . most of we system be go down . debris chain reaction be out of control and rapidly expand . multiple sat be now down and they keep on fall . Matt eye the arm as it slowly retract , carry Ryan back . matt define " multiple " sat . mission control most of they . telecomunication system be go . expect a communication blackout at any moment . ryan kowalsky , visual of debris at nine o'clock . Matt 's eye shift , watch a large object , a piece of a bse satellite , spiral toward they . matt half of North America just lose they Facebook . the sit glide by at tremendous speed . mission control you be a go for th1138 . repeat you be a go for th1138 procedure . explorer cap copy that Houston . matt explorer , this be kowalsky . confirm visual contact with debris . debris be from a bse sit . to repeat -- shariff head up ! matt to repeat I have - another object , part of a weather satellite , hurl by they , a little bit closer than the previous one . ryan Dr. Stone request faster , faster transport . it be follow by a SMALL piece of debris . it zoom by faster than the previous one and hit the bse satellite . the satellite explode into hundred of piece and - a chain reaction take place . matt we have to go . go , go ! go! the debris from the bse satellite hit the weather satellite , and it explode , send debris in all direction . mission control attention . New data suggest immediate evacuation absolu ... a high frequency of interference and - the communication be lost . the arm transport Ryan be move very slowly . ryan Dr. Stone request faster transport to the bay area . explorer get I down . matt explorer permission to retrieve Dr. Stone . explorer cap ( on radio ) you be a go , kowalsky . Matt thrust himself over to Ryan . explorer cap ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) Houston , this be explorer . copy ? but there 's no answer . explorer cap ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) Houston , this be explorer . copy ? still no answer . explorer cap ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) we lose Houston ! Matt stop next to Ryan . matt unstrap ! you can not tune out the world up here . she reach for the last clip and begin to undo it . ryan I be try ... matt try release the safety clip . shariff make he way back toward the airlock as - a piece of the debris hit the hubble 's solar panel , make a 12 -inch hole in its golden surface . a piece of debris pass , nearly hit they . shariff need some help there Matt ? matt no , do not wait for we . get inside . ryan it 's stick ! further back , another piece of debris collide with a bigger one . the two chunks of debris explode into a million piece of shrapnel , one of which - hit shariff 's helmet , break through the glass and hit he head like a expansive bullet . matt man down ! man down ! Matt propel himself toward shariff , who be float away from the shuttle unconscious . matt ( cont 'd ) ( to ryan ) disengage !!! a impact . a piece of debris pierce through the right wing of the Space shuttle , create a five - foot hole . the space shuttle roll . the arm , with Ryan attach to it , roll with the shuttle . matt ( cont 'd ) explorer have be hit . explorer do you read ? explorer , over . explorer -- another impact . a piece of debris hit the robotic arm like a cannon ball and detach it from the shuttle . the break piece of the arm spin away from the explorer at a great speed with Ryan attach to it . she pass next to - the hubble as a big piece of debris hit the telescope . the top of the cylinder explode into more debris , which be expell in all direction , barely miss Ryan as she spin away attach to the arm . on the arm - Ryan 's panic grow as she spin further into the nothingness of space . matt ( cont 'd ) astronaut off structure ! Dr. Stone be off structure ! with every spin , the shuttle , be punish by debris , diminish into a tiny dot in the distance . matt ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) Dr. Stone , detach ! ryan nooooo ! matt ( on radio ) you must detach ! ryan no . matt if you do not detach that arm be go to carry you too far ! ryan ( frozen ) I can not ! matt ( a brief beat , then ) listen to my voice . you need to focus . I be lose visual of you . in a few second I will not be able to track you . ryan ( she pull herself together ) ok . ok . matt you need to detach . I can not see you anymore . the robotic arm keep on spin and star orbit wildly in she field of vision . ryan I be try . I be try . matt do it . now ! ryan ok . I be try ! I can not it 's stick , hold on . Ryan 's hand be tremble and she can not get a grip on the hook . matt Houston , I have lose visual of Dr. Stone ... Houston , I have lose visual of Dr. Stone . as Matt 's voice be lost to static , Ryan squeeze the hook and be ... ... go , kick herself away from the robotic arm and flying free of the rotate arm . she catch a brief glimpse of the arm as it helicopter away , then lose sight of it as she rotate end over end in endless free fall . a primal scream of God forsaken fear erupt from she lung . the radio crackle and Matt 's voice return . matt ( cont 'd ) Dr. Stone ! do you copy ?! repeat ! do you copy ? ryan yes . yes . I copy . I be detach ! Ryan slowly spin , drift into the empty darkness of space . matt ... give I you position ! ryan I do not know . I do not know ! I be spin . I can not . I can not . matt report you position . tumble end over end , Ryan fix she gaze on she wrist . the effort make she nauseous . she look away . ryan gps be ... down . I can not , it 's down , I can not . matt give I a visual . Matt 's faint voice be hear on the transmission under a lot of static . Ryan be panic and begin to hyperventilate . her eye rake the dark sameness of she surroundings . ryan I tell you ! nothing . I see nothing ! matt do you have a visual of explorer ? ryan no -- matt do you have a visual of ISS ? ryan no -- as Matt 's signal grow fainter she breathe become more labor . matt I need you to focus . give I a visual ... anything . Ryan 's eye flutter , then roll up into she socket ... ryan it 's too fast . inside the helmet - Ryan swallow harshly , she throat suddenly dry . ryan ( cont 'd ) I can not breathe . I can not ... breathe ... she inhale and exhales with quick short breath - ahhhh ... ohhhh ahhhh ... ohhhh Ryan 's eye be wide open and desperate as she breathe accelerate . ahh ... ohh ... ahh ... ohh ahh ... ohh ... ahh ... ohh her limb look fragile against the black and incalculable void . ahh ... ohh ... ahh ... ohh she inhale . ahh ... and she throat close . HH ... her mouth be open , but she cannot exhale . not a breath . Ryan 's choke . the lack of oxygen be make she vein pop out and she lip turn blue . her eye open wide , and - she exhales . ohh ... and begin breathe deeply . ahhhhhh ... ohhhhhh .... as she breathe steady , she begin to focus , she eye search the distance . through the helmet - Ryan can see she face reflect against the visor , light by the control panel . she dim the light and she can see - her leg and arm float against endless space as she drift towards the empty void , break only by lonesome star whose position change as she rotate , give way to - the earth , very still and very distant . night be creep across the sphere as the sun set , a sliver of light on the western hemisphere . a metallic object float over the Earth be hit by a ray of the sink sun , and it gleam like a tiny star . her eye blink in recognition , gleam with alertness . her intellect engage and she gain a new sense of calm . ryan ( cont 'd ) Houston , this be Dr. Ryan Stone .. I be drift but I have a visual of explorer . her eye scan the envelop darkness , try to get a fix on the gleam orb that be earth , she face alive with concentration as she make calculation . ryan ( cont 'd ) with North at 12 o'clock , the shuttle be at the center of the dial . she frown as she tumble backward again , recalculate . the sun be slip behind the Earth . she study the rim of fire until it too slide from view . ryan ( cont 'd ) I can see the chinese station . no , no , no , it 's the International Space Station . the sun 's glow illuminate another object in the distance , a bright spec hover over the horizon - the INTERNATIONAL space station . ryan ( cont 'd ) ISS be at 6 , no , 7 o'clock . just then , the sun 's ray recede and the Station dim , become one with the darkness . Ryan blink , mildly alarmed . inside the helmet - ryan ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant kowalsky , do you copy ? silence . ryan ( cont 'd ) explorer , do you copy ? silence . slowly , the sun recede further behind the earth and the light bathing Ryan 's face evaporate . as she be swallow by the darkness , she speak once again : ryan ( cont 'd ) Houston , do you copy ? the whole face of the earth be in shadow . and so be Ryan . her eye dart . it be utterly silent . she spin in the darkness , wait . ryan ( cont 'd ) Houston , this be Mission specialist Ryan Stone . I be off structure and I be drift . there be only the silence , complete and absolute . ryan ( cont 'd ) do you copy ? nothing . she watch the earth slip from view yet again . when next she speak , the word be as delicate as snowflake , trip off she tongue like a prayer ... ryan ( cont 'd ) anybody ...? anyone ...? please copy . a soothing light hit Ryan 's face . the moon be rise over the Pacific Ocean . it 's almost full and its soft cool light pour over the globe , brighten the deep blue water and - in the distance - a light , not bigger than a star , be flickering . Ryan 's eye focus on the light . her pupil dilate . something like tear glisten as she stare at the flicker light , afraid to blink as she watch the ... ... star draw closer , smile as the faintest thread of a radio transmission stitches its way through the silence , listen as static sing through she helmet , sting she ear with the sound of ... her name . matt ( on radio ) ... Stone . do you copy ? ryan ( almost to herself ) Lieutenant kowalsky ?... the flicker star begin to thicken ... matt ( on radio ) repeat . do you copy ? ryan yes ! yes ! I copy ! I be here ! as she watch the figure of a astronaut take shape . matt ( on radio ) flash you light . ryan my light ? matt ( on radio ) so I can see you . ryan here ! here ! Ryan open a pouch in she suit , fish out a flashlight . hand tremble she shine it toward the approach dot . matt ( on radio ) there you be . hang tight . report you status . ryan I be ... I be alright ... I be fine . matt ( on radio ) you status ! give I you reading ? ryan 3.6 psi , I think . matt you o2 . give I you o2 . ryan steady at eight percent ... no seven ... matt ( on radio ) you be breathe too fast . you be burn oxygen . we do not want to do that . we want to relax . copy . ryan copy . matt nearly there . ryan please hurry . Ryan can see Matt quickly grow in size . she continue to flash her light . matt ( on radio ) you can holster that torch , Dr. Stone . ryan oh. sorry . she slip the light back into she side pouch just as Matt appear as if from nowhere and grab her . matt gotcha . ryan arghh ! Ryan hold on to Matt . instantly , they begin to spin together . Matt take out a tether . matt now , I be go to tether you to I . Ryan be paralyze , hold onto Matt tightly and look at he in fright . he stare back . matt ( cont 'd ) I know . you never realize how devastatingly good - look I be . Matt grin . matt ( cont 'd ) but I need you to stop stare and help I with the tether . okay ? ryan okay . okay . okay . okay , ohh I get it . he run the other end of the tether to the harness on Ryan 's suit and attaches it . matt ok . so far so good . now listen . I be go to give you a little push , just so you be clear of the jet -- ryan no -- matt sorry . not a push , more like a nudge . ryan no ... no ... no ... wait ... do not . Matt place he hand on she breastplate and give she a gentle nudge . drifting again she begin to freak . ryan ( cont 'd ) nooooooo !!!! dammit !!! the tether tense and she stop nine foot away from Matt . Matt ignites the thruster , tug Ryan behind he . but this prove a difficult endeavor as she momentum drag he , change he direction . matt see ? where you go , I go . Matt ignites a new thrust to re-direct he position . as he do so Ryan 's change of momentum make he swing again . matt ( cont 'd ) better . let 's get out of here . use he thruster , Matt negotiate a new position and , ignite a long thrust , he jet away . Ryan can not repress the anger boil up , and she scream - ryan ahh dammit ! matt I know what you mean . ryan ahhh dammit . matt you be burn oxygen , we be go to go back to the shuttle . how 's that for a plan . copy ? ryan fuck matt right copy that . as Matt accelerate toward a lower orbit , he momentum take over , steadying Ryan 's swing . matt ( cont " D ) ( cont 'd ) Houston in the blind , this be kowalsky . Dr Stone and I be make we way to base , please prepare airlock for arrival . copy ? they descend , glide through piece of debris . among the space junk , a solar panel from the hubble be distinguished . Matt eye a small dot in the distance : the shuttle . matt ( cont 'd ) Houston this be kowalsky . how do you copy ? ryan why be not they answer ? matt it seem like communication be lose . ryan can they hear we on a alternate frequency ? matt we do not know . that 's why we keep talk . if someone be listen they might just save you life . set you watch for ninety minute . Matt reach for a digital watch strapped to he wrist and set up the timer for - 90 minute . ryan why ninety ? matt Houston clocked that debris at fifty thousand mile per hour . factore in we current orbit , I reckon we have get 90 minute before we play duck and cover again . Ryan set she watch , study the counter as it begin to count down . ryan 02 down to six percent . as they travel , the shuttle begin to take form . matt okay . pretty scary shit be untether up here , be not it ? ryan yeah . pretty scary shit . matt ( after a beat ) you do all right . silence . matt ( cont 'd ) ( to the shuttle ) Houston , in the blind . this be kowalsky . we current location be approximately 900 meter out from the explorer . Dr. Stone and I would like to retrieve the body of Mission specialist shariff and return it to shuttle . be I a go to retrieve ? silence . matt ( cont 'd ) Roger that . Matt change direction and approach shariff . he have to ignite several small thrust to try and steady he direction , fight against Ryan 's momentum . ryan where be he ? where be he ? shariff 's body be tethere to a panel that be rip away from the explorer . Matt approach the panel and ignites the thruster to slow down he course , and - he grab onto it . Ryan , continue she momentum , crash against shariff 's body . the contact slow she trajectory , but it throw shariff away , he tether tensing , pull the panel with he . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh , my God . oh , my god. Matt , hold on to the metal , spin with it . he detach shariff 's tether from the panel and attaches it to himself . he let the panel go and immediately ignites he thruster , pull the two tether behind he which , as they tense , bring Ryan and shariff closer together . matt grab he ! ryan I be try . I be try . matt Quick . you be pull I away . ryan I get he . I get he . Matt try to ignite a very long thrust in the direction of the shuttle , but this be difficult as the momentum of the other two body pull he in all direction . matt clutch he like he 's you Valentine . I can not gauge my thrust with you two yo - yoing around . tentatively Ryan extend she right hand to grab onto shariff 's body harness . and she see - shariff 's break helmet . a hole the size of a soft ball pierce through it and have leave a tunnel of freeze dry bloody mess . Ryan 's face be inscrutable . finally she look away , but this time something arrest she gaze : a laminated photograph float next to shariff , tethere to he suit via a small chain . in it , a young boy laugh with abandon , happy in the embrace of a man unseen save for he two strong arm . transfix , Ryan be unable to look away , something complicated confusing she eye . the photograph float in the empty space above Planet Earth . outer space . as they approach , the damage to the shuttle become apparent . explorer have be badly hit . matt ( under he breath ) Jesus ... the shuttle have suffer devastating damage . the tail be beyond repair , one wing be completely destroy , while the other waffle weakly , nearly shear from the fuselage . matt ( cont 'd ) ( grimly ) here 's hope you have get one monster insurance policy , Houston . damage to explorer be ... it 's totale . will commence search for survivor . ryan 02 down to five percent . Matt thrust to slow down he trajectory and slowly bump against the windshield of the cockpit . at the mercy of Matt 's momentum , Ryan hit hard against the nose of the shuttle , lose she grip on shariff . as she carom off , she grab onto what be leave of the cockpit 's window . matt all right , here we go . careful of the edge . Matt take he flashlight and look through the break window , lighting the cockpit . Ryan pull herself up and look - through the window - the cabin have be destroy . a disarray of object , smashed and devastate . at the end of the cabin , among the float object , a lifeless body drift among the wreckage . Ryan regards it silently , mesmerize . bang . the face of a second astronaut appear right in front of Ryan and crash against she visor . the eye be freeze , unblink . Ryan gasp , wheeling backward and away . Matt click shariff 's harness onto the shuttle . matt ( cont 'd ) Houston , in the blind . to confirm . Mission specialist Dr. Stone and myself , Mission Commander Matthew kowalsky , be the sole survivor of sts -157 . Matt turn to Ryan , who be stare at the dead astronaut inside . ryan I apologize for not comply . I should have stop work as soon as you instruct I to . matt we be go to be hit no matter what . there be nothing you could have do to change that . he begin to reach out , hesitates briefly , then lightly touch she shoulder . matt ( cont 'd ) hey . ryan yes ? she turn , no elbow this time . matt alright ... we have to get ourselves to the Space Station . there . Matt gesture vaguely to a bright dot in distance . matt ( cont 'd ) it 's a bit of a hike , but it 's we only ... ( catch himself ) it 's we best option . agreed ? she stare at the dot . matt ( cont 'd ) Dr. Stone ... ( as she turn ) agreed ? she study he face and then , finally , nod . ryan agreed . matt alright . after you . he gently push she into space . she slowly drift away from the explorer but be suddenly stop by the safety tether . Matt ignites he propeller and , give a couple of small thrust , he combat Ryan 's swing . and with a longer thrust - he shoot forward , pull Ryan behind he . the two astronaut push forward together , leave behind the shell of the shuttle and the remain of the hubble . matt ( cont 'd ) Houston in the blind , this be kowalsky . Dr. Stone and I have determine to proceed to ISS and use one of they soyuz for re-entry . ISS if copy , please send rescue mission . repeat please dispatch rescue mission . they be head toward a small point in the distance , the Space Station , which be in a lower orbit . outer space . 550 km above earth . we see the two astronaut crossing the distance - a thrust , and they coast ahead , and then another thrust . Matt pull Ryan behind he . two speck glide across the dark sky as a sliver of light grow on the darken hemisphere . the SUN be rising . watching the sunrise the SUN look brighter and clearer than ever outside of Earth 's atmosphere . the ocean and the continent brighten as its light spill over the Earth beneath they . warm ray of sun caress the two astronaut as they propel themselves across the empty expanse . ryan 02 down to two percent . matt we be get there . matt ( cont 'd ) beautiful , do not you think ? ryan what ? matt the sunrise . that 's what I be go to miss the most . but Ryan be not into the view right now . she 's stricken with fear . her jaw be clench and she eye be almost close . Matt look at the dark emptiness that engulf he and smile . matt ( cont 'd ) so , where 's home , Dr. Stone ? Ryan keep she eye close , do not answer . Matt , try to distract her - matt ( cont 'd ) Ryan . where 's home ? Ryan open she eye , but still she do not dare to look out of the helmet . ryan Home ? matt ah ha . down there . mother Earth . where do you pitch you tent ? ryan Lake Zurich . matt where the hell be that ? ryan Illinois . matt Illinois . Central time zone . that make it roughly ... 8 pm right now . what be the good people of Lake Zurich do at 8 o'clock in the evening ? Ryan try to overcome she fear and look out . she frown , terrify by the sight , and hide she face once more inside the helmet . ryan I do not know ... matt what would you be do ? she try again . this time she force herself and stare out at the Earth , which be over 500 kilometer below she . matt ( cont 'd ) come on . it 's 8 o'clock . you have just clocked out of the hospital after put in you customary 18 - hour shift . you be drive home ... Ryan 's wide open eye be transfix on Earth , like a deer in headlight . ryan the radio . I listen to the radio ... matt there we go . let I guess . NPR ? classical . top for -- ryan anything . do not matter . as long as they do not talk . I just drive ... her glassy eye reveal a strong emotion grow inside of she , take over she body . it be not fear , it be something deeper and more painful . Matt study she curiously . matt what do you miss down there ? Ryan look at the Earth . it never feel so far away . a long silence without a answer . matt ( cont 'd ) be there a Mr. Stone ? she frown , unable to comprehend this initially , as if it be a particularly complicated bit of math , then shake she head . ryan no ... matt nobody special ? someone down there , look up , think of you ? Ryan close she eye . she remain silent . a silence that can not hide a unspeakable pain . ryan I have a daughter . her eye flutter , then open . she be freeze in this moment , as if stunne . her gaze shift and find - Matt , study she in he mirror . matt what be she name ? ryan Sarah ... she be four . stupidest thing - a school trip to the swim pool . she be play tag - she slip , hit she head , and that be it ... she love tag . I be sure she be laugh . she look away , toward Earth . it look small . remote . ryan ( cont 'd ) when I receive the call I be drive and ever since that 's what I do . I wake up , I go to work and then I just drive . Matt finally avert he eye . he roll he wrist over , consult the timer , watch the number slowly count down . ryan ( cont 'd ) 02 down to one percent . matt well , well , what d' you know . I have good news and bad news . ryan uhuh ? matt the good news be we be five minute from the ISS and I know where the Russians stash they vodka ... and that 's a good thing cause I be run out of fume . bad news be I be gonna be ten minute short of ...... break anatoly 's record . suddenly , coming from inside ryan's helmet - beep . beep . beep . ryan mmm ... mmmm . matt what ? ryan I be red lining ... my o2 tank pressure be low ... matt the tank may be empty but there 's still oxygen in you suit , so sip , Ryan . do not gulp . it 's wine , not beer . sip . we will get you there . she nod . matt ( cont 'd ) let 's go . Matt give Ryan a gentle push , wait until the tether go taut , and - he give a SMALL thrust to position himself in the right direction . he hold this single thrust for longer than all of the previous one , immediately gain speed , descend towards - the space station - which be half a mile away , and now all of its module be clearly visible . it also become clear that - it be hit by the debris . matt ( cont 'd ) Houston in the blind we have visual of the ISS . Station must have be evacuate because first soyuz be miss . second soyuz exhibit surface damage and chute have deploy . it 's use as escape pod for re-entry to Earth be impossible . the surface of a module be badly scratch and some solar panel have be rip . the second soyuz become visible , attach to the Station 's dock module . a piece of red and white fabric float around the spherical capsule . Ryan 's lose she breath . ryan should not we be turn ? we be drifting again -- matt sip , Ryan . sip. drifting be good . we want to drift . I be not kid about that fume . this can have one or two good thrust leave . if we be lucky .... they approach the Space Station , which be just ahead of they and a hundred meter below . she 's sweat and start to hyperventilate . matt ( cont 'd ) steady ... she look down , eye the Station pass beneath they . matt ( cont 'd ) ready ... aim ... it look as though the Station be go to slip away altogether . matt ( cont 'd ) ...fire . Matt triggers he thruster , turn sharply . Ryan 's trajectory carry she in a straight line , until the tether tense , break Matt 's direction . he fire again to counter she momentum . a very long thrust send both of they in the right direction , straight down toward the Station , but at great speed . the Station be get very close , and they be go very fast . Matt ignites the frontal thruster , which begin to slow he down , but the thrust stop . Ryan , follow she own momentum , begin to pass Matt . ryan break ... you have to break . matt I can not . can 's empty . we be come in fast and we be go to hit hard . grab onto anything you can and hold tight ! just then Ryan crash against the solar panel , but be unable to grab hold . as she tumble past , the body of the Station loom . Matt miss the solar panel , and collide against the Station . as he begin to drift past , he reach out and snare a railing . Ryan pass fly above he . the tether tense , pull Matt . the momentum be to great and he lets go of the railing . Ryan float over the roof of the Space Station , try to grab hold of the handle and rod that stick out of the module , but she 's float too high . she 's quickly reach the end of the Station , there be only one handle leave ahead , she last chance before float away into the black void . she extend she arm and grab the handle tightly for dear life and - she stop . she 's hold onto the handle . ryan I get it . I get it . inside the helmet - she look up and see - Matt be float straight toward she and - he collide against she . for a moment they be face to face , only the glass of they headgear separate they face . but she lose she grip on the handle and the impact project she into the emptiness . her drift be intercept by a solar panel . she crash against it , shatter it , as Matt roll above it . Ryan bounce down towards the Earth , tensing the tether , pull Matt , make he descend over the other side of the panel . the sharp edge of the break panel cut the tether in two . ryan ( cont 'd ) the tether break . I be detach . I be I be detach . matt grab a hold . grab anything . Ryan be drift away from the Station . she see the infinite black void ahead of she and - her foot get stuck in the parachute . it become tangle in the string and fabric , slow she down . Ryan be panting , she face cover in sweat . she turn back and sees - Matt roll , drift in she direction . she stretch out she arm . Matt 's arm be also outstretch . matt ( cont 'd ) ( a edge ) give I ... give I five here , Ryan . he 's try to make light of it , but he 's really struggle to reach she . Ryan stretch farther . Matt 's hand come closer to hers . the tip of they finger be almost touch . ryan I have get you . I have get you -- the very tip of they finger touch -- but they miss . as Matt drift past . matt shit ... shit ... ryan no. no. no . do not you . no . do not you . do not . do not . no as the parachute tense , she stop . the tether attach to Matt 's suit pass two foot away from she and - Ryan grab the tether . it slide through she close fist , until - her grip tighten and the tether stop . ryan ( cont 'd ) gotcha ! Matt 's momentum be now pull Ryan , drag she loose from the parachute . matt you have to let I go . ryan what ? no -- matt you have to . ryan no ! matt that rope be too loose , I be pull you with I . you have to let I go or we both die -- ryan I be not let you go ! we be fine . her leg slide through the loose rope and she float further out , be snag at the last minute by a tether around she foot . ( we move from high - angle to low angle two shot ) . as this happens : matt Ryan ! ryan you be not go anywhere , you be not go anywhere -- matt it 's not up to you . Matt begin to unharness the tether . ryan please do not do this . Matt have unhook the tether and be hold it in he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) please do not do this . please do not do this . matt you be go to make it Ryan . ryan ( o.s. ) no ! he open he hand , let go of the tether , and begins to float away . relieved of Matt 's pull , the parachute begin to retrieve , pull Ryan closer to the Station . ryan ( cont 'd ) I have you ! I have you . Matt drift away from the Station into the empty space . Ryan bump against the station , pull by the parachute , and she twist and turn before finally grab hold of a rail . matt ( on radio ) Ryan do you copy ? do you copy ? a alarm goe off . ryan my co2 alarm go off . my co2 alarm go off . matt you need to board the station . can you see the airlock ? she turn , look for the Station 's airlock . mat do you copy ? ( p.o. V shot - beginning to blur ) ryan yes . yes . I see it . I see it . matt ( on radio ) good . that 's where you want to go . you be lose focus , right ? ryan yes . matt that 's because you be breathe co2 and you be lose consciousness . you need to board the Station . her eye flutter ... matt ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) move ! Ryan blink , turn off the alarm , and begin climb over a module of the Station . ryan ok . the transmission become weaker , fill with static . matt ( on radio ) now listen to I . that second soyuz be too damage for re-entry , but it 's perfectly fine for a little Sunday drive . ryan Sunday drive ...? matt ( on radio ) look to the west ... you see that dot in the distance ? that be the chinese Station . you be go to take the soyuz and cruise over there . the chinese lifeboat be a shenzou . ryan I have never fly a Shenzhou -- matt ( on radio ) that do not matter . its re-entry protocol be identical to the soyuz 's -- she nod , already look . ryan ok . matt ( on radio ) you have never fly a soyuz either . ryan only on a simulator . matt ( on radio ) so then you know . ryan I crash it . I - - matt ( on radio ) it 's a simulator . that 's what it 's design for . ryan every time . I crash the simulator every time . matt ( on radio ) it 's not rocket science . just point the damn thing at earth and by this time tomorrow you will be back in Lake Zurich with one hell of a story to tell . you copy ? Ryan . you copy ? ryan I be go to take the soyuz and come get you . matt no you be not . . I have too much of a head start . that ship already sail . ryan no. I be come to get you . matt Ryan , you be go to have to learn to let go . ryan but ... I ... matt ( on radio ) I want to hear you say you be go to make it . Ryan be struggle for breath . matt ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) Ryan ! say it ! ryan I be ... I be go to make it . matt alright . keep go Ryan stare at Matt 's tiny figure in the distance . matt ( cont 'd ) what kind of name be Ryan for a girl ? ryan dad want a boy . matt be you close to the airlock ? ryan not yet . matt keep go . Ryan continue to the airlock . matt ( cont 'd ) so , now that we have some distance between we - you be attract to I , be not you ? ryan what ? matt well , people say I have beautiful blue eye . ryan you ... you have beautiful ... you have beautiful blue eye . matt I have brown eye ... that hurt . she look at Matt 's figure recede . matt ( cont 'd ) ( on radio ) you wanna know the good news ? ryan what ? matt ( on radio ) I be go to break anatoly 's record , and I think mine 's go to stand for a long , long time . ryan no ... I be come to get you . matt you know , Ryan be a nice name for a girl . wow , you should see the sun on the gange . it 's amazing . Ryan start to respond , then falter , watch Matt 's figure grow ever smaller . the sad crooning of hank william crackle through the die radio . ryan ( in a daze ) Matt ... only static hiss ... ryan ( cont 'd ) Matt ! static again as Matt fall deeper into the distance , become lose in a sea of white speck and - the transmission end . silence inside the helmet - Ryan be dizzy , sweat , and have trouble focus . she see matt - nothing more than a dot . she stretch she hand toward he , as if try to touch he with the tip of she finger . but the dot have already vanish into never-end darkness . everything be blurred . Ryan be about to lose consciousness , when - a new alarm goe off . she take one deep breath as she open she eye widely . if she do not move , she will die . Ryan pull herself forward , reach for a handle on the soyuz . she grab it and reach for another , climb she way toward the Station 's airlock . but she 's lose focus . as she right hand be reach for a handle , everything become a blur , and she miss . inside the helmet - her brain be shutting down from lack of oxygen . she struggle to open she eye and mumble word that be unintelligible . she reach up again , almost blindly . her hand grip the handle , and with one huge effort - she sprint across the dock module , swinging from handle to handle , in one continual push , until she reach the - airlock . she stop , take one deep breath and - she turn the latch and open the re-entry hatch . the hatch blows OPEN as the air inside the cabin escape into the vacuum , almost throw Ryan back into space , but she hold tightly onto the latch . she hang outside , try to gasp the last breath of oxygen inside she life system . she see she foot dangle against the emptiness of space and - with one last effort , she pull herself into the airlock . airlock module . INTERNATIONAL space station . 500 km above earth . as she enter she do a 180 - degree flip . as soon as she leg be in , she grab onto the latch , and - close the hatch . she turn the latch and - the cabin be sealed off . inside the helmet - Ryan be suffocating . with very little oxygen and she body intoxicate by the nitrogen in she blood , she breathe be coarse and painful . she can hardly keep she eye open , and she push herself through the cabin , a empty cylinder light by two circular mercury light . she reach the - control panel , a small computer with a screen that monitor the atmospheric and temperature level inside the airlock . she press a button on the panel and - the cabin begins to pressurize . a low hiss sound can be hear as the tank in the Station begin pump pure oxygen into the airlock . the control panel 's monitor show the atmospheric level slowly rise . inside the helmet - Ryan gasp for air , but there be none . she stare at the red-orange - green graph on the control panel show the atmospheric level . it read red . her pupil begin to dilate as - SOUND begins to surface - in the vacuum of space there be nothing to carry sound wave , but now sound begin to travel through the oxygen that slowly fill the cabin . the sound be muffle , like the sound of the outside world hear from within the womb . a beep sound intermittently penetrate the airlock , anxious and halting . the Control system 's graph slowly move from red to orange . the cabin be still not fully pressurize . but that will have to do . with one sharp motion - she take off her helmet - and push it from she head . she gasp for air and cough . she contort and shake , fight to breath in the thin atmosphere of the airlock . her helmet bounce around the wall of the cabin , float . the beep sound have become clearer and recognizable - it be a alarm ringing out across the Station . Orange be turn to green . her lung begin to absorb the oxygen and she breath become more even . her body float , relaxed in the confine space of the airlock . she float . Ryan bring she hand together and remove one glove . and then the other . desperately , she begin to unscrew the lock near she waist . she squirm under the suit and push off the upper half . then she throw off the lower half , squirming out of it as if shed she old skin , desperate to free herself from the claustrophobia of the suit . wearing only underwear and a t-shirt , she float in mid-air , relieved and exhaust . the hum of the Space Station surround she . then , slowly , she pull she knee to she chest and enfold they in she arm , float in a fetal position . for a moment , Ryan simply hang in suspension , a fly in amber , surrender to the poetry of the planet , rotate slowly in the cabin 's womb . outer space . 500 km above the earth . silence . the International Space Station , with its module , its tear solar panel , and the soyuz with its parachute billow out from its center , be dwarf against Earth 's orb and the infinite universe stretch out beyond . the Station look frail and secluded , lose somewhere between the grandness of the heavens and the Earth below . everything be still . INTERNATIONAL space station . zvezda module . the module be like a wide corridor fill with cabinet , a small eat area and a small gym . a hum reverberate across the station . at the end of the module there be a open circular hatch lead into the - unity node 1. a spherical space with three hatches , each lead into different module . a hatch open and - Ryan float in . she stop at the center and hold onto a handle . she look in all direction and launch to she right , towards the - zarya module . there be sleep bag fastened to the wall . clothes , shoe , a strip of three condom -- all kind of personal object float in chaos around the module . it 's clear that someone leave in a hurry . Ryan pass a stationary bicycle and reach for a metal cabinet on the wall . she open drawer , look for something . ryan come on , come on . she find what she 's look for : a bag of water with a straw at one end . she unscrew the top and begin to drink from it . she drink in long gulp , squeezing the bottle , try to quench she thirst . drop float out of she mouth as the water overflow . they float around she face like perfect pearl of different size . she take a pause from drink to catch she breath . the water be cool she down , but she still take another long , thirsty gulp and empty the bag . she check the count on the stopwatch - 14 minute and count down . she take a new bag of water from the drawer , and push herself off of a wall , she dive into the - unity node 2 - ryan ( cont 'd ) ok . where be you ? where be you ? comms. comm ... there you be ! without stop , she go through one of the open hatches into the - zvezda module . the wall be fill with electrical equipment and wire . without slow down she momentum , she float to the - MAIN console - a large deck which house all of the communication and navigational system . on the opposite wall there be a large porthole through which Earth be clearly see . she begin to push button . computer come to life and Ryan put on a communication headset . static crackle . ryan Matt . this be Ryan . copy ? she wait . ryan ( cont 'd ) Matt . this be Ryan . copy ? nothing ... only static . ryan ( cont 'd ) Matt , I make it . I be here . I be inside the Station ... do you copy ? she drift along the module , listen intently through the headset . ryan ( cont 'd ) come on Matt . talk to I . ( nothing ) tell I where you be . ( nothing ) give I you position ... no voice . just static . ryan ( cont 'd ) where be you ? give I a visual ... tell I what you see . nothing . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh , come on . you have be yammer nonstop since we leave cape canaveral , and now you decide to shut up ? she wait one second , two second - ryan ( cont 'd ) come on Matt , talk to I ! the signal cut in and out , but remain indecipherable . there be something unnerve about it . she drop she head and continue drift toward the porthole , listen as the static sputter . ryan ( cont 'd ) say something ... anything . ryan ( cont 'd ) tell I about mardi gras . tell I about the hairy guy . what happen ? wait for he to respond , and in a softer voice , completely resigned - ryan ( cont 'd ) oh Matt . I be not ready for this . she bump against the porthole , and glance out - the Earth glimmer brightly . a third of the hemisphere be in complete darkness . her face reflected in the glass be superimposed over the earth . her eye glisten briefly , but she fight it back . then she pull herself together , and begin report - ryan ( cont 'd ) Houston in the blind . the way Matt would have do it - ryan ( cont 'd ) this be Mission specialist Ryan Stone report from the ISS ... all communication with Mission Commander Matthew kowalsky have be lose . Radio transmission be absent . Visual be nonexistent . ( a beat ) to confirm , I - - Ryan Stone - - be the sole survivor of sts - 157 . Ryan hover by the porthole , look hopeless . all be silent save for the radio static and the hum of the Space Station . outside the aurora borealis perform its ghostly dance over the Earth 's Northern hemisphere . silence . only the hum and the static , when - a alarm chirp , red light flickering across the module . Ryan twist , swim back to the control panel , study a flashing grid of leds : graph of the station - ... where a blink light indicate the japanese module be on FIRE . ryan ( cont 'd ) what now ? and then - the destiny Lab begin blink . the FIRE be expanding she push herself toward the hatch , swim through the few piece of paper still hover as she exit into the - unity node 1. the alarm staccato be blast in synchrony with the emergency light blink across the station . smooth blue flame ribbon eerily across the skin of the destiny Lab . they be spread , expand with a dense cloud of smoke . Ryan enter and snatch a FIRE extinguisher on the wall of the module , and - she point the nozzle at the fire and sprays . with no gravity to hold she down , the force of the spray send her flying back and - she crash against a wall . the fire extinguisher bang against she face and cut her lip . the impact be so strong that it almost knock she out . her eye fill with tear but she react . there 's no time to lose . she fasten she foot to a strap on the floor , and - sprays the extinguisher at the fire . but the extinguisher be no match for the fire , which have gather in a gigantic smooth blue ball and be expand , come at she . Ryan make a fast turn and launch herself in the opposite direction into the - unity node - dash straight into the - zarya module - she dart across the module , behind she - the expand fire ball have swallow the Unity node and be make its way towards she , chase she into the - unity node 2 - where she make a quick turn and dart down into the - docking module - just in time . above she , the flame cross the node as they spread into the rest of the Station . they quickly spread downward , into the dock module . Ryan , the flame caress she foot , dive through a hatch into the - soyuz . airlock . Ryan crash against a Space suit float inside and turn to close the hatch . the FIRE be spread outside in the module , suck the oxygen out of the soyuz . a incandescent blue bubble that charge at she . Ryan , faster than fire , close the hatch . the soyuz be sealed off . she close a second hatch , and the soyuz be safe . she exhales in relief . a rumble in the Station make the soyuz quake . the extinguisher be block she path to the hatch and Ryan have to push it into the cabin as she dart toward the - soyuz . control cabin . as soon as she make it through the hatch , she turn the cabin light on . there be just enough space for three astronaut to sit surround by the control panel that navigate the vessel . she sit down in the command chair . she fasten the safety belt , and look around , try to recognize the different button on the panel , which be all label in Russian . ryan ok ... where be it ?... where be it ? she move she finger across the different button , search . ryan ( cont 'd ) where be the power ?... here you be . her finger stop on a button , which be label - bkn she press on it and the control panel turn on . all the button light up and with a hum , the soyuz 's system start to run . ryan ( cont 'd ) good ... good ... just like training ... Ryan reach to the right , where next to the panel , there be several binder , each a different color . ryan ( cont 'd ) undock ... undocking ... yes ... red ... and she take out a red binder . it 's all write in cyrillic . she turn the page until she see a graphic represent the undocking procedure . ryan ( cont 'd ) ok ... ok ... I remember this ... undocking ... she use the cursor on the panel and select a function on the computer screen . she press another button and - on the screen , a countdown - 4:30 ... 4:29 ... 4:28 ... another rumble in the Station . ryan ( cont 'd ) we do not have four minute to spare . we be go manual ... she flip through the binder to another page . she look at a diagram and use the cursor on the panel to change the function on the screen - ryan ( cont 'd ) okay . arming the system ... she release the safety lock on a button . a explosion in the Station make everything shake . the vibration pass through she body , startling she , and - ryan ( cont 'd ) firing the pyros ... she presses the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) rezerv rasstyk ! the SOUND of a mechanism release reverberate throughout the vessel . outer space . INTERNATIONAL space station . 500 km above earth . silence . a spring mechanism push the soyuz away from the Station . slowly . very slowly . the spacecraft be make out of three module - the engine , the control cabin , and the airlock at the front . soyuz . control cabin . detach from the Space Station , the rumbling have cease , leave only the gentle hum of the cabin . on the periscope - the distance between the soyuz and the dock module grow little by little as the vessel drift away from it . Ryan sit tensely and check the manual and - she press different button , bring to life a new set of system . ryan I engage manual control - R o a k and ryd be activate . she grab the joystick with she hand , and - outer space . 500 km above the earth . the lateral thruster give a small thrust , and as the spacecraft move away from the Station it drag its parachute , which float lifelessly in space . another bigger thrust , and as the soyuz pull away from the Station , the parachute 's rope tense , and - a big jolt . soyuz . control cabin . her seat belt prevent she from be project forward as the soyuz be pull to a sudden stop . Ryan be very confuse , unaware of the reason for the sudden stop . she look at - the periscope - the Station be drift out of the scope 's sight . she turn to - the porthole - and through the glass she see that - the Station be come straight at she and it look as though - they 're about to collide . ryan oh , no . no , no , no . she press the joystick . outer space . 500 km above the earth . the soyuz be two meter away from the Station , about to crash , when - the soft jets ignite , launching the vessel upwards . the soyuz skim just over the dock module and pass three inch away from the solar panel , barely avoid a collision with the metal giant . and as the soyuz drift upwards , the Station pass under it . soyuz . control cabin . now Ryan can see through - the porthole - the parachute be tangle with a solar panel and the rope be tensing up , and - she' shaken by a new pull . outer space . 500 km above the earth . the soyuz stabilize over the Station , the parachute entwine with the solar panel . soyuz . control cabin . she look out at - the porthole - the rope extend from the cabin to the parachute tangle with the Station . ryan great . fantastic . perfect . outer space . 500 km above the earth . silence the Station hover below the soyuz like a large whale swim beneath a tiny lifeboat . the hatch of the soyuz open . Ryan come out of the craft into space . she 's wear the space suit she pack and she carry a large bag . she hold onto handle as she float , safely tethered to the inside of the cabin . she look around - the International Space Station be a loom presence float ten meter below . it be pull the soyuz by its parachute . a alarm on she stopwatch ring . it 's be 85 minute . she turn the alarm off and look around . ryan clear sky but with a chance of satellite debris . she hum a song , the tune be reminiscent of the hank Williams melody that Matt have play earlier . she begin to climb around the vessel . with plenty of oxygen in she pressurize suit , this be not a difficult task . she pull herself from handle to handle , make she way around the soyuz and reach - the parachute container - a impact have blow open the cover . Three rope float out of the container into space . Three meter away from the vessel each rope branch into dozen of parachute string . next to it - a second cover be also badly damage . harness herself to a handle , she inspect the rope . the three rope be bolt to the container 's frame . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay . we detach this and we go home . piece of cake . she harness the bag and resume she humming , louder this time . she unzip the bag and take out the pistol grip tool , without notice that behind she - dozen of piece of debris pass , zoom less than thirty meter away from the Station . a tiny piece of high - speed debris crash against one of the Station 's solar panel , shatter it and cause the Station to tremble . she place the tool against the first bolt , stretch she arm into the parachute container . it be a awkward position . she pull the trigger and the drill rotate , turn the bolt , but it slide out of the notch . she place the tool once more against the bolt and pull the trigger . the drill rotate , slower this time . she hum under she breath and sweat begin to drop down she forehead . she be very focus , unaware that behind she - debris hit the station solar panel , pierce hole through it . the bolt come off . as it float off into space , Ryan drop the pistol grip and use both hand to detach the rope from the frame . the rope float away from the soyuz , undulate like a long snake , but - Ryan notice that the pistol grip be also float away . she stretch she arm try to catch it , but it be out of she reach . she push herself towards the pistol grip , and barely manage to grab onto it when she see - ryan ( cont 'd ) oh shit . the tide of debris be float straight at her . she pull herself back to the container . debris hit the station . it crash in silence against one of its module , create a hole the size of a car wheel . the vacuum suck blue flame from the station that quickly die without oxygen to consume . Ryan bring the pistol - grip to the second bolt and pull the trigger . the bolt spin . Ryan be humming louder and louder . Ryan stare intently at the head of the bolt turn as the debris zoom by behind she . the second bolt come off . she quickly pull the rope loose from the frame and let it float away . shaken by the impact , the Space Station drag the soyuz with it . she brace herself as - debris wreak havoc - some piece hit the Station , other crash against one another . each collision create more debris that ricochet and fly away in all direction . the soyuz be pull by the remain parachute rope , as the Station spin out of control . Ryan start hum even louder , the bravado be full tilt now . her face be now cover in sweat , which pour into she eye , make it difficult to see as she unscrew the last bolt . behind she , a cluster of debris pierce the parachute . Ryan continue drilling as - more debris hit the station . it crash against the japanese Lab , which silently explode into million of piece . the piece expand away from the Station . the last bolt come off . Ryan manage to unhook the rope , freeing the soyuz from the collapse Space Station . she brace herself against the vessel , as she see - ryan ( cont 'd ) shit ! the soyuz be head straight towards the Station 's solar panel . ryan ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... no .. the soyuz ' solar panel collide with the Station 's , shatter into smaller piece of debris that almost hit Ryan . the soyuz spin away as - more debris hit the station . Ryan watch as a succession of satellite fragment pepper the slowly revolve Station segment . as the segment crumble , collide with additional debris , the fragment glimmer magnificently then join ... ... the thinning tide of debris orbit toward the dark side of the Earth . all of a sudden ... everything be calm . she pause , blink into the suddenly empty distance . her gaze remain fix on the vast nothingness -- for no good reason -- but nevertheless fix on something . ryan ( cont 'd ) I hate space . soyuz spacecraft . control cabin . a symphony of alarm shriek loudly . the hatch fly open and a helmet float in , follow quickly by Ryan . ryan shut up ! she press different button , and with each a voice of the alarm symphony die until they be completely silent . ryan ( cont 'd ) ok . she take a breath and begin fasten the seat belt . ryan ( cont 'd ) alright . that 's good . she put on the communication headset and - resets the stopwatch - 85 minute and count down . she check the temperature gauge - she exhales , the plume of she hot breath hang briefly in the frigid cabin air before evaporate . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's stabilise you . she take the joystick . Ryan look focus at - the periscope - where the western horizon come into frame and near the center crosshair . a small dot glimmer in the distance - the chinese station . ryan ( cont 'd ) ok. let 's visit the chinese station . Houston in the blind , tiangong be approximately 100 km ... to the west and I be off it 's course by about 3 degree . I will correct trajectory . she move the joystick , and the crosshair readjust . ryan ( cont 'd ) ok . she release the safety lock and place she finger on the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) ok . I will engage main thrust in five ... four ... three she release the safety lock . ryan ( cont 'd ) two ... one ... she push on the button . outer space . 300 km above earth . the soyuz float with its nose direct towards a bright star on the horizon , the chinese Station , but - nothing , not even a small flame , come out of its back thruster . control cabin . Ryan wait , expectantly , and give the button a new push , but - ryan one ... nothing . the thruster will not ignite . ryan ( cont 'd ) one ... one ... outer space . 300 km above earth . the vessel remain motionless , orbit over the Pacific which be already under night 's dark veil . control cabin . she push again , and again , and again - ryan come on . come on ! outer space . 300 km above earth . but nothing . the soyuz stay in place . control cabin . Ryan look at the fuel gauge - 30 percent . she tap on it and the freeze needle drop to empty . ryan you gotta be kid I . she tap on the freeze dial once more , as if try to get the needle to go back up , and once again - ryan ( cont 'd ) where 's you backup ? she tap even harder this time . ryan ( cont 'd ) where 's you goddamn backup ?! she bang down on the control panel in frustration -- ryan ( cont 'd ) fu -- outer space . 300 km above earth . Inside the capsule , through the portal , Ryan hit and hit , bounce around the confine space of the cabin and venting all she anger , until she herself be out of fuel . she grab the radio and - ryan this be Dr Ryan Stone , can you hear I ? Houston , this be Ryan Stone , can you hear I ? copy ? Houston , this be Ryan Stone , can you hear I ? copy ? the SUN sets . a magical cosmic act . as the sun near the edge of the Earth , the atmosphere brighten , shine with a luminous orange light that be reflect off the surface of the Pacific Ocean . at the soyuz 's orbit speed this do not last long . the sun quickly dip behind the edge of the Earth and the whole face of the planet be in shadow . the vessel be almost lose in the deep black of night . fluorescent green light pour out of the porthole , like a lonely firefly lose in the deep of night . control cabin . and the night have bring with it its cold grip . Ryan shiver and she voice be now weak , but she continue search for help - ryan Houston , this be Ryan Stone , can you hear I ? copy ? Houston , this be Ryan Stone , can you hear I ? copy ? she turn she neck stiffly , look at the - temperature dial , - 8 degree and drop . through the porthole the SUN drop . darkness descend . finally , a SOUND surface through the static : a crackling . the crackling SOUND be come from the communication headset . Ryan put it on and bring the mouthpiece to she lip . ryan ( cont 'd ) Houston . Houston ! this be Mission specialist Ryan Stone . do you copy ! this glimmer of hope give she a new burst of energy . she turn on the cabin light and attempt to tune into the frequency , turn one of the control panel 's dial . she frown . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( into the mouthpiece ) Houston , you be come in over the am frequency . please confirm identity . fragment word emerge through the static . transmission han ... no ... ts ... she turn the dial slowly , cling desperately to the waver thread of communication . ryan repeat . this be Mission specialist Ryan Stone from sts - 157 . do you copy ? word burst forth , ringing clear as a bell for a moment . transmission hannik ya itc ... pini . Ryan blink . the transmission be not in English . ryan be this the chinese Station ? be this tiangong ? copy ? as she tune in a faint voice be distinguished . it do not appear to be in chinese either . ryan ( cont 'd ) do you speak English ? transmission hannic ya itcitem pini ! ryan s.o.s . do you understand ? transmission uumaruq taigaa ! ryan mayday ! can you copy ? mayday ! mayday ! the voice on the transmission appear to be a man in a very jovial mood . he keep laugh . transmission mayday ! ryan yes ! mayday ! mayday ! transmission mayday ! aningang ! ryan aningang ? transmission mayday , aningang ! aningang , mayday ! the hoarse laughing of a man rise through the static . ryan ( to herself ) aningang ...? ( then , realize : ) be that you name ? aningang be you name ?! transmission aningang ! mayday ! suli , suli ! she start to speak again but the glimmer of hope fade from she face with the realization that this man do not understand she plea . ryan no , mayday 's not my name . I be Stone , Dr. Ryan Stone -- I need help . transmission mayday ! ieukpalliktuq uumaruq taigaa naabuqtuq . a noise in the background make Ryan smile . ryan ( softly ) dog ... ( into headset ) be that dog ? that be dog ! be you call from Earth ?! the bark of several dog can be hear behind the man 's voice . she grins . she listen to the man 's laugh voice , shake she head helplessly and sigh . ryan ( cont 'd ) where be you , aningang ? be the sun out ? be there bird ? be there tree ? can you smell the ocean ? transmission ieukpalliktuq naabuqtuq . ryan be it beautiful where you be ? here it 's colder than hell and lonelier than shit , but it 's beautiful aningang . utterly , terrifyingly beautiful . through the porthole - even under the darkness of night , it be possible to see the glacier spread over the green forest . it all look so fresh and full of life . ryan ( cont 'd ) make you dog bark again , aningang . will you ? please ... transmission suli aasrivak aatqatik niuruq ...? ryan dog ! woof. woof. woof . she make bark noise . the man begin to laugh and bark back at she . transmission auuu. auuu. oipmiq . oipmiq ! auuu . auuu . Ryan and aningang bark in unison . ryan woof. woof . transmission auuu ... auuu ... ryan and transmission auuu . auuu . woof. woof . Ryan begin to howl , give in to the mad joy of it all . moment later , through the radio , she be join by a chorus of canine -- aningang 's dog --tuning into her voice in a mad , crazy harmonic cacophony . Ryan smile , blissfully happy , howling with abandon . each howling reach deeper and be more cathartic , unlock emotion that have be fester over time , and - tear roll from her eye , clear as crystal , spilling from she lash and float into the AIR , glimmer like sapphire in the cool moonlight . they float away , like tiny satellite orbit she face . aningang can be hear intermittently , yelling , as if try to silence the dog . then the dog , one by one , cease they wail and Ryan be leave with nothing but she own voice . she stop , gaze at she tear suspend in the gloomy blue light . ryan I be go to die , aningang . the signal ebb , lose its battle with the static . ryan ( cont 'd ) I mean , we be all go to die . everyone know that . but I be go to die today ... the static waffle in and out . ryan ( cont 'd ) funny that . to know . the static break and aningang 's husky voice begin singing . ryan ( cont 'd ) and you know what aningang ... I do not care . I do not care if I die . I do not have anything ... not anymore . Ryan be float now over she seat . ryan ( cont 'd ) but the thing be ... I be still scared . I be really scared ... she roll in space and stare upwards ... ryan ( cont 'd ) no one will mourn I . no one will pray for my soul . will you mourn I , aningang ? be it too late to say a prayer ? I would say one for myself , but I have never pray in my life ... no one ever teach I how ... the tune be lyrical and soothing , tinged with a touch of melancholy . ryan ( cont 'd ) no one ever teach I how ... Ryan listen to aningang 's melody and smile softly , close she eye . Ryan 's face grow slack as she drift toward unconsciousness , buoy along on aningang 's sad soulful song . then ... ...a sputter cry cut through the static . a baby . Ryan 's eye pop open . ryan ( cont 'd ) a baby . there 's a baby with you . a beat . aningang stop sing , speak in a soft voice : transmission ieukpalliktuq upatimi ... ryan you be sing to you baby ? be that a lullaby ? that 's so sweet ! Ryan be transfix , listen to the gentle gurgle of the baby as aningang coo to it , then begin to sing again . ryan ( cont 'd ) I use to sing to my baby too . painful memory flash before she , haunt she . Ryan 's lump in she throat be wash away by a gentle sob . ryan ( cont 'd ) I hope I see she soon . she reach for a valve and open it . a hizzing sound be hear inside the vessel , and - on the screen - the oxygen in the cabin 's atmosphere begin to drop . she turn off the light . Ryan close she eye , simply listen to the lullaby as it grow fainter ... ryan ( cont 'd ) ( grow ever drowsier ) that 's nice . keep sing , aningang , just like that . sing I to sleep . I will sleep and sleep and sleep . sing to I , aningang ... sing ... sing .... the transmission grow fainter ... ... and fainter ... ... and then be ... ...gone . for a long beat Ryan merely sit there . she be gently hum a tune . it be a lullaby . she surrender . she weep . a quiet deep sorrow that silently grow in intensity and that finally explode into - a soft wail . tear float around she like tiny satellite . the cold and the gentle hum of the soyuz cradle Ryan . she close she eye , and as she breathe relax she begin to fall asleep , until - click click click . Ryan open she eye , startle . click click click . Ryan turn in confusion and look at - the porthole - through the glass , the helmet of a astronaut be look in . it be matt . he knock once more , this time louder . click click click . Ryan be still drowsy and do not understand what be go on , when she see that - the latch on the porthole begin to move . ryan ( cont 'd ) no ... no .. do not . but the latch continue to open . Ryan immediately strap herself to the commander chair . the latch keep turn . Ryan cover she eye and face with she hand when - the latch release and the hatch swing OPEN . the vacuum of space suck in one sharp gust all the air inside the cabin and with it every sound . the strap hold Ryan back as object gush out through the hatch . her hand press tightly cover she face . on the Control panel alarm begin to flash . a shadowy figure make its way in and with one sharp motion - turn and close the hatch . press a green button and - the cabin begin to pressurize . and sound re-emerges with the beep of the alarm as - the red-orange - green graph on the control panel show the atmospheric level reach green . Ryan uncover she face and stare from the shadow at the figure , who strap into the seat next to she . he unlock the ring around he collar and - take off he helmet . country western music escape into the cabin . matt ahhhh ! alright , check you watch . 13 hour , 11 minute . call anatoly , tell he he 's be bump . the figure glance around . matt ( cont 'd ) bit gloomy in here . how `bout a little light ? he tap a few button on the console and a face bloom : Matt . Ryan stare , mouth agape . ryan how do you ? matt trust I , it 's a hell of a story . ryan but how do you ? he reach out and effortlessly flick a myriad array of switch . instantly , the alarm go silent . matt that 's better . ryan how ? Ryan look at he wide eye , want to know how - matt I find a little extra battery power . I be just happy you be still alive . to be honest , I think you chance be slim to none . by the way , do you find the vodka ? ryan you never tell I where . Matt fish a SMALL flask from under he seat , spin off the cap ... matt oh well ... to anatoly ! na zdorovje . ... and take a big gulp . he offer the flask to Ryan , who appear to be doze off . she blink , shake she head . ryan no . he study she . matt no ? right , let 's get out of here . he look at the monitor , where the chinese Station be see . matt ( cont 'd ) we be `bout a hundred mile to the chinese Station . a little Sunday drive . ryan we can not . matt course we can . ryan there 's no fuel . I try everything . matt well , there 's always something we can do . ryan I try everything . matt do you try the soft landing jet ? ryan they be for landing so . matt well landing be launching it 's the same thing , do not you learn about that in training ? ryan I never get to land the simulator , I tell you . matt but you know about it . ryan and I crash it every time . Ryan be fall asleep . Matt study she as she doze off . matt listen you want to go back or do you want to stay here ? I get it , it 's nice up here , you can just shut down all the system turn out all the light , and just close you eye and tune out everybody . Matt start flipping through button on the console , turn the cabin light off . matt ( cont 'd ) there 's nobody up here who can hurt you , it 's safe . then what 's the point in go on , what 's the point of live ? when the cabin be in darkness , he turn and look at Ryan . matt ( cont 'd ) you kid die , do not get any rougher than that , but still it 's a matter of what you do now . if you decide to go that you have gotta just get on with it , sit back enjoy the ride . you have to start live life , Ryan . Ryan be have trouble keep she eye open . ryan how do you get here ? matt Ryan , you have to learn to let go ... hey ? Ryan be almost sound asleep . ryan what ? Ryan be asleep . matt it 's time to go home . her eye snap open . her gaze shift . the flask be float in front of she . but no Matt . she turn . the cabin be empty . she turn back . click click click . Ryan notice that the gate of the ventilation duct be shaking , make a percussive sound . a soft cool light shine in through the condensation that have freeze on the glass . it be - the moonlight caress Ryan 's face . ryan landing , landing . landing be launching . with a new surge of determination she turn on the cabin light . she pull the helmet float above she and put it on . she connect the umbilical to she suit , open the oxygen valve , and begin to breath . as the oxygen flow back into she brain a new surge of determination brighten she face . she open the valve of the other two umbilical , allow oxygen to flow , pressurize the cabin . she grab the manual . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay , landing , landing , landing be green . she open the green binder and browse through its index . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay , okay landing , alright . she stop , turn some page and stare closely at the manual . Ryan notice the Energy bar float by she . she grab it and as she open the wrapper , she stare intently at one page of the manual , where there be - a diagram - a illustration of the soyuz capsule two meter before landing and hit the ground . a thrust be shoot out from under its bottom , cushion its fall : the soft landing engine . ryan ( cont 'd ) Soft landing jet trigger automatically at three meter before landing . ... you be a clever son of a bitch Matt . so to land I need to get rid of the bo and engine module , okay ? she put on the communication headset . ryan ( cont 'd ) listen to I Matt . you be go to see a girl with brown hair . she 's Sarah , she hair be probably a mess . that 's okay , she do not like to brush it . she look out of the porthole , down at Earth . ryan ( cont 'd ) tell she mommy find she red shoe . she be so upset about that shoe Matt , but tell she it be right under the bed . she turn back to the console and place she finger over one of the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) you give she a big hug and a kiss for I and tell she mamma miss she . tell she she 's my little angel and that she make I so proud , so so so proud , and that I promise I will try and make she proud too . you tell she that I be not quit , that I be go to keep fight . you tell she I love she Matt ... I love she so much . Ryan smile , remember ... and then - ryan ( cont 'd ) tri module separation , go ... she press the button . outer space . the lock connect the three module of the soyuz release . control cabin , airlock , and the engine separate . a mechanism push the control cabin away from the airlock and the engine , and it slowly gain distance from they . control cabin . Ryan scan through the complicated chart and diagram in the manual . ryan okay Houston , here come the tricky part , the soyuz have to think we be only three meter above the earth . a pause , and then - ryan ( cont 'd ) let 's reset you then . use the manual as a reference , Ryan use the cursor to select the altitude display on the computer screen . the current altitude be - 2600 M. she use the cursor and press a button . a warning on the computer screen come on . she press another button , and - on the screen , the altitude go blank . Ryan punch a new set of command . the altitude now read - 3 meter . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay . I only have one shot at this . one shot ... she extend she finger ... ryan ( cont 'd ) what 's the point if we do not try ? she presses the button . outer space . a three second thrust ignites at the back of the cabin , push it at great speed toward the chinese Station . soyuz control cabin . the strength of the thrust push Ryan back in she seat . she look at - the periscope - the soyuz be approach the tiangong . the center of the crosshair be aim three degree above the chinese Station . outer space . the soyuz be make its way rapidly towards the chinese Station . control cabin . Ryan be look out of the window , at Earth - ryan wow ... you be right Matt ... it 's magnificent .... she then turn to - the periscope - the chinese Station quickly grow in size as the soyuz get closer and closer . altitude dial - 155 km and drop . ryan ( cont 'd ) you be lose altitude , tiangong . you keep drop and you be go to kiss the atmosphere . but not before I get to you . you have my last ride home . a new sense of urgency come up on Ryan 's face . she unhook the umbilical from she suit . she unstrap herself . she float over and look out of - the porthole - the chinese Station be approach , get closer . she disarm the emergency exit and hold on to the latch . she pause and turn to grab the fire extinguisher and hold it tightly against she chest with one arm . with the other arm - she reach for the latch . the Station be hover right next to she and the cabin be go to pass it . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay , I be do with just drive . let 's get go home . she turn the latch , and - pyrotechnics shoot the porthole into space . the brutal force of the infinite vacuum of space suck the AIR out of the cabin , and - Ryan be launched out of the cabin at a tremendous speed . she hit her shoulder as she go through the hatch into - outer space . a cannonball woman be launch up from the soyuz 's hatch . she pass the chinese Station as she twirl up toward the heavens . the soyuz continue its straight trajectory toward Earth . inside the helmet - Ryan be stunne from the impact and she shoulder be in pain . outside - everything twirl . Earth and heavens . a alarm in she stopwatch ring . it 's be eighty - five minute . and she spin and see - the tiangong , one mile below she . and below it - a bright comet leave behind a yellow scratch over the Earth . it be - the soyuz burning upon contact with the atmosphere . Ryan drift away . she hold tightly to the fire extinguisher with one hand , and with the other she check she right shoulder . it hurt . but there 's no time , the tiangong be get farther away . she point the nozzle of the fire extinguisher away from she and triggers a - spray - it act like a thrust that push she toward the Station . it help , but she be still off target . inside the helmet - she be in pain . the glass visor be steaming up . she begin humming as she look at - the Station drift ahead , less than five hundred meter away . from this distance the damage cause to the tiangong by the debris be clear . the solar panel be shred to piece , and several module appear to have be badly hit . ryan give - another spray - propel herself even closer to the Station . inside the helmet - she stop hum . her breath be fogging up the glass , give she a blurred view of - the Station , which be less than a hundred meter away . she can see that - the lifeboat , the shenzhou , a vessel very similar to the soyuz , be dock on a module . it 's now clear that she 's not fly straight toward the Station . Ryan attempt to correct she trajectory by give - another spray - but only a very SMALL thrust come out of the extinguisher , not enough to push she on the right track . she pull the trigger again - but only a few dust particle come out . the extinguisher be empty . she let go of it and it float away . she drift toward the Station , slowly . she be less than twenty meter away , and get closer . and closer . and she miss it by a hair . she drift , very slowly , two meter above the Station . her arm , outstretch , try to grab hold of anything it can . inside the helmet - Ryan wince in pain and look at - her outstretch arm reach toward - the station - she slowly drift across the module , the tip of she finger almost touch the surface of the tiangong . a handle pass under she , almost within reach , but she do not manage to hold onto it . inside the helmet - she 's struggle , but she know she 's not go to make it . she look ahead at - the station - a solar panel , follow the rotation of the Station , come into view . she stretch out she arm as she get closer to it . but the solar panel continue its rotation and she be approach very slowly . the panel be rotate away . she stretch , and - she grab onto a rod on the solar panel , stopping she momentum . Ryan hang from the Station . she hold she right arm tightly to she chest . inside the helmet - she catch she breath and be clearly in pain . ryan sees - a lonesome piece of debris . it hover above the Station and glow as the sunlight hit its surface . it pass very quickly . and there 's another one cruise farther above . she pull she right arm up . ryan ahhhhhh ! the pain be excruciate , but she grab onto the panel 's rod , and - she pull herself up , and cling with she leg , she secure herself to the panel . inside the helmet - she 's panting , and through the fogge up glass she can see , far away over the horizon - bright dot . piece of debris burn as they hit the atmosphere . a swarm of incandescent locust that - be come directly at she . ignoring she pain but use she right arm as little as possible , she climb up to - the body of the station . she go over the module and make she way across , pull herself from handle to handle . when she reach the end of it , with one last big pull she make it to the - hatch that lead into the airlock . with she bad arm she hold onto a handle . with the other , she pull on the latch and - open the airlock . a gust of AIR burst out , push the hatch wide open . Ryan hold on tightly to the handle . above her - cluster of debris pass by , fly at different distance and at great speed . piece collide with each other , explode into more debris . a big piece of debris be fly downward , miss the Station by ten meter as it continue its descent . and - 250 meter below , it burn like a shoot star . the Station be rapidly approach Earth 's atmosphere . and over the Eastern horizon - a cloud of dust be quickly approach . the tide of debris . tiangong . airlock . 150 km above the earth . Ryan secure the hatch . the airlock be smaller than the one in the International Space Station but , like the ISS , there be a small control panel on one side . inside the helmet - the glass be almost fogge up . she make she way to the - control panel - the red , yellow , and green graph be bright red . under it , two button with chinese ideogram on they . and her finger hesitates as she take a wild guess . she presses - a faint hissing SOUND be hear . the cabin pressurize . as oxygen fill the space - SOUND begins to emerge . unrecognizable at first be a rhythmic pattern under a syncopate murmur . but as air allow sound to conduct its wave , it become clear . a alarm be go off . over it a recording play in a loop . it be in mandarin . the voice in the recording be urgent . clearly it be not good news . loop she 's in pain and more tired than ever now , and she 's punchy . loop ( cont 'd ) she wait , float . inside the helmet - the glass be completely fogge up . through the condensation , she can only discern a red light filter through . she wait . ryan come on . come on . and when the red glow turn to orange - Ryan unlocks she helmet and , use only she leave hand , struggle to take it off . as the helmet float , bounce off of the cabin wall , Ryan massage she injure shoulder . she do this gently , as even the smallest pressure inflict pain . the orange light be turn green when - she feel the Station quake fiercely , reverberate through the handle she 's hold onto . the station rumble . outer space . the tiangong be plummete . the tip of a solar panel be already graze over the outer layer of the atmosphere , leave a trail behind it as it part the gas . debris pass under the Station burn up . tiangong node 1. everything shake . Ryan rush out of the airlock . a new intensity sparkles in she eye . her fearlessness and determination be border with madness . she inspect she surroundings . through a hatch she see a long corridor - like cabin that lead to another node . it be the lab module . the loop keep on play . loop she enter the hatch into the - tiangong lab module . the only light be come from flicker emergency light . object float in chaos . Ryan make she way , dodging the disarray of lab object - Scientific instrument : a plant drift by with its root expose , cluster of liquid float like wobbly sphere , two egg hover , one of which be break . the shaking intensifies as - she reach the end of the module and go into the - tiangong node 2 . she float to the center of the node . there be three open hatches - right , left , and - below - a dock module , very similar to the one in the ISS . at the far end of it a open hatch lead into the shenzhou escape pod . more rumbling shake the station . outer space . a solar panel , defeat by the friction with the atmosphere , break off from the Station and be throw farther down , where it quickly burn , dissolve into spark . the tidal wave of debris be catch up with the Station , a cloud of metal piece that sparkle with the sunlight . bright streak can be see as debris burn , scratch through the atmosphere . tiangong node 2 . Ryan spring into the - docking module . float through it and reach the open hatch at the other end , she toss the helmet inside the Shenzhou . a loud metallic roar . the Station be collapse . she dive through the hatch into the - shenzhou escape pod . airlock . it be almost identical to the soyuz 's airlock . she do a quick flip and - close the outer hatch . then she pull on another latch and - close the inner hatch . the Shenzhou be sealed off from the rest of the Station . she throw the helmet into the Control cabin and follow through , into the - shenzhou escape pod . control cabin . she struggle to turn around in the confine space , and then - she pull the hatch close . the control cabin be sealed . the Shenzhou be smaller than the soyuz and have only one seat . in this confine space , the shaking of the station be feel even stronger . she sit , buckle herself in , and look at the - control panel . it have more monitor than the soyuz 's panel , and the main board be arrange differently . all of the button be label with chinese ideogram . and it be shaking fiercely . ryan seriously ? through - the porthole - a thin bright yellow halo cover the whole window . outer space . the yellow halo envelop the whole Station as it glide over the outer atmosphere . friction . the remain solar panel resist break off from the structure , but still go up in flame , leave a trail of SPARKS . shenzhou escape pod . everything be shaking . ryan in the soyuz the power button be erm .... here ! she pass she finger over the board , try to make sense of the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) ah , ok ah undocking , undocking .... eenie , meenie , ... she presses a alarm ring , and under the ongoing loop , a recording , clearly warning . recording ryan ok . that do not sound good .... she glance around frantically , turn it off . it 's shaking very intensely but she 's wide - eye now , clearly close to be beside herself . ryan ( cont 'd ) miini ... moh ... she try a big button that say - a new alarm , follow by a new recording , also a warning - and with a horrible accent - ryan ( cont 'd ) no hablo chino . she keep search for the right button . ryan ( cont 'd ) Mini ... moh ... and she press a new one . the light on the Control panel go on . the cabin make a hum sound as system begin to activate . on the control panel light go on in pattern reminiscent of the switchboard in the soyuz . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay ....okay ... she begin go through the progression she use on the soyuz , only quick this time , jabbing button after button . ryan ( cont 'd ) good...good ... there . and this should be ... she press one more button and system turn to green . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay ... Houston in the blind ... she raise she voice to be hear over the growing rumble . ryan ( cont 'd ) this be Mission specialist Ryan Stone report from the Shenzhou . I be about to undock from the tiangong and I have a bad feel about this mission . she press a new button and the system go to green . and on the monitor a countdown appear . ryan ( cont 'd ) remind I of a story , Houston -- she react to a bad shake of the cabin . ryan ( cont 'd ) okay , you know what , Houston ? never mind the story ... she look around as the cabin start shaking even harder . ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's get hotter in here . she watch the countdown on the monitor - 3:59 ... 3:58 ... ryan ( cont 'd ) the way I figure it , there 's only two possible outcomes -- Ryan keep she eye fix on the countdown . raise she voice to compete with the rise chaos ... ryan ( cont 'd ) I either make it down in one piece and I will have one hell of a story to tell ... and now the noise and the shake be near they peak ... ryan ( cont 'd ) ... or I burn up in the next ten minute . Ryan smile , flip the safety lid of a button open . ryan ( cont 'd ) whichever way it go , no harm no foul . as the cabin rattle violently . ryan ( cont 'd ) because either way -- she close she eye , put she finger over the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) it will be one hell of a ride . Ryan press the button . ryan ( cont 'd ) I be ready . outer space . the Station be bounce over the atmosphere . one end of it be glow more brightly and catch FIRE . the tide of debris be get closer . not far off some piece be already burn . a large piece of debris have catch on fire and be fly at great speed and - collide with the station , tearing it into two part , which be send twist in opposite direction . the escape pod , attach to the dock , be spin towards earth . shenzhou escape pod . Ryan be shaken and rattled in she seat . ryan yeehaaa ! gravity be still minimal , but the force of the inertia be rough and it jerk she around . she see - a red lever above she , but she can only reach it with she bad hand . she stretch ryan ( cont 'd ) ahhhhhhhh ! she grab the lever - and pull it . outer space . the lock disengage - the cabin separate from the rest of the vessel and from the Station . it spin away , plummete toward the atmosphere . the two fragment of the tiangong follow , spin in a rage of spark and fire . shenzhou escape pod . the spin be punish . Ryan be shake violently . she be also mumble word to herself that we can not hear . it look like she rambling . some light go off . atmosphere . 130 km above the earth . the capsule 's aerodynamics slow down the spin , positioning the vessel nose up . it cut through the atmosphere at incredible speed . its metal be burn hot . smolder debris and the fragment of the station chase the Shenzhou in its descent . shenzhou escape pod . the porthole - a blind light pour in from outside the window . the spin be over , but the cabin vibrate with a loud rumble . as the G - Force restrain Ryan against she seat , she clenches she face and sweat . on the ceiling , condensation begin to form . atmosphere . 120 km above the earth . the Shenzhou be a ball of fire precipitate from the sky . it 's follow very closely by debris and the two fragment of the station . the two fragment collide and explode into a ball of fire that break into many piece . a avalanche of fire cascade towards the Shenzhou , rapidly close the distance . shenzhou escape pod . in the porthole - outside burn debris be pass by . the gravitational pull keep Ryan tense in she seat as drop fall on she face . she look at - the ceiling - where condensation be drip . atmosphere . 100 km above the earth . the avalanche be about to swallow the cabin when the burn debris disintegrate before reach the cool stratosphere . the capsule escape the inferno as the debris crumble in a final explosion expel - a very SMALL piece of debris that - shoot towards the Shenzhou and - skim its surface , tear one of the outer shield . shenzhou escape pod . the impact be feel inside and a panel fall off . a small smoke trail be form around its wire . Ryan be restrain against she seat by the gravitational force of the fall and - everything be shaking . lower atmosphere . 70 km above earth . the Shenzhou have leave the burn debris behind . as it touch the lower atmosphere , it immediately cool down , dimming its brightness , surround by a purple sky . it freefalls 9.8 meter per second and - a parachute release . the long fabric come out and expand as the air fill the red and white canopy . when it 's fully open it slow down the cabin' descent and let it glide in a diagonal path over the Earth . shenzhou escape pod . a breath of relief , as through the porthole - she see the rope of the parachute extend out to the large canvas cushion the fall . lower atmosphere . 10 km above the earth . a second parachute expands . it slow the fall even further , shifting the cabin into a more vertical descent toward the ground that be so close it now seem tangible . shenzhou escape pod . Ryan start coughing . the cabin be quickly fill with smoke , and - the white cloud of smoke overflow the small space be get thicker . lower atmosphere . 1 km above the earth . the Shenzhou drop , hang from the parachute , at a speed of thirty kilometer per hour . it be surround by a blue sky . it pass through a layer of cloud . shenzhou escape pod . she cough as the white smoke be become unbearable . she 's suffocating . lower atmosphere . 100 meter above the earth . the Shenzhou be rapidly approach the ground . it be fall straight toward a lake . two meter before hit its surface - the landing engine ignite , give the downward thrust mean to cushion the landing on a hard surface . the thrust part the water , create a curtain of steam , and the Shenzhou gently fall down - into the lake - make a wave that spread out in a circle . shenzhou escape pod . Ryan feel the cabin hit the water . she have land safely . but she cannot celebrate because she can not stop cough . she be asphyxiate in the thick cloud of smoke . she unstrap herself and - reaches a lever at the side of the hatch . she pull the lever . on the lake . with a small control explosion , the hatch cover be launch away from the cabin . smoke pour out through the open hatch . shenzhou escape pod . she begin to unstrap herself when - water pour in through the open hatch . she try to make she way out , fight against the strong current that be gush in , but the flow be too strong and - it push her back in . she struggle to force she way through the cascade rapidly fill the cabin , but it be too strong . the cabin be overflowing . the water have reach Ryan 's chin when - she manage to take one last deep breath of air before - water completely fill it . underwater the metallic capsule , which weigh almost three ton , sink quickly into the lake . as the rope of the parachute tense , the long fabric follow the cabin down . shenzhou escape pod . Air trap inside Ryan 's suit leak out through the collar and small bubbles float up . Ryan fight she way to the hatch , and pull with she good arm , she swim out . underwater . she push herself away from the cabin , swim away from the pod as - the shenzhou hit the lake bottom . a dark cloud of mud swell up around it . Ryan struggle to swim up to the surface , but she can only use one arm and the wet suit be dragging her down . she stroke rapidly , but she be not move up . instead - she' go down , and her feet sink into the lake bed . she look up and see - the ray of sunlight break through the lake 's surface be eclipse by the parachute , which float down toward she like a huge jellyfish about to engulf its pray . the frog cross in front of she , effortlessly swim on its way to the surface . small bubbles of air come out of Ryan 's nose as she struggle to open she suit . she take off the bottom part of the suit . above her - the parachute be getting closer , a net about to trap she . she struggle out of the top part of she suit . and squirming out from under it - she frees herself from the heavy garment and swim up as - the sinking parachute trap she foot and begin drag she down . but with a kick - she sets herself free , and - she swim up , stroking with she good arm . she be completely out of breath , only the tiniest bubbles rise from she nose . she be about to lose consciousness , when she see - the frog swim ahead of she , slide smoothly through the water toward the ray of sunlight diffract by the surface . Ryan 's eye be close as she float up , she body limp . the surface be come closer and closer . she reach the thin boundary between water and air and she come out to the - surface . and she take a enormous breath . ryan aaahhhhhh ! almost primal , like the first breath of a newborn child , it burn she lung but reclaim life . she only have enough strength to keep she face above water . she float , catch she breath and take long gulp of air . she look up at - the sky - where the cloud move , caress by air and light . and beyond they - outer space , but - she' back on earth . she turn around , and - taking a deep breath - she swim , break through the water and harness every last bit of energy in she . and soon she arrive to the - shallow edge of the lake she drag herself from the water , like the first amphibious life form crawl out of the primordial soup onto land . collapse on the shore . the water lap gently over she , wash in and out around she leg . she lie with she face against the muddy shore and she eye close , recover she strength . and she breathes . she breathes AIR . and as she breath steady - she smile . she push she face against the ground , enjoy the sense of weight , and - she open her eye . then she look at she surroundings , take in the almost unbearable beauty of the planet Earth . she 's breathe deeply and begin to cough . it 's not a cough , it 's a chuckle . ryan be cracking up . ecstasy overcome Ryan and - joyful laughter fill she body . she be alive . ryan thank you . she plant her palm against the ground and - with a effort , she push herself up . she feel her weight , and manage to rise to she hand and knee like a four-legged mammal . and she stand up . one foot fall heavily on the ground . it sink into the mud and then - another foot . Ryan 's feet be solidly plant on the mud . ryan ( cont 'd ) ahhhhh !!! one foot move forward and land on more solid ground , unstable , cope with the weight . and then - the other foot follow as - she begins to walk on planet earth , laugh . she be punch drunk . she be free .