fade in : ext . marsh , kent - dusk a boy run across the dark , flat wilderness of the North Kent marsh . a bitterly cold December evening , the misty light be fade and the boy race as if try to outrun the darkness . this be phillip pirrip - ' pip 's . he be eight year - old . ext . church , marsh - dusk a small , squat church sink on the boggy ground . a yew tree - pip snap off a twig and add it to the forlorn bunch of wintery stick he carry . a modest tombstone bear the inscription ; here lie phillip pirrip late of this Parish . also georgiana , wife of the above . also alexander , bartholomew , tobias , abraham , roger . five tiny lozenge - shape grave mark the child 's final rest place . pip lay he modest tribute and set about brush away the weed and dead - leave that clutter the grave - - as a immense figure loom behind he and snatch he up . pip go to cry out , but a filthy hand be clamp across he mouth as he be hoist , weep and struggle , into the air . the convict hold you noise ! hold you noise , you little devil , or I will cut you throat ! the convict be a formidable figure , immense and terrifying , he head and face brutally shaven and scar . his name be magwitch , though we will not hear this speak aloud for some time . magwitch tell we you , name ! Quick ! pip pip ! magwitch once more ! give it mouth ! pip pip ! pip , sir ! great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 2 . then pip be flip upside down , hold by he ankle , shake . magwitch get wittles on you , boy ? tell I ! pip no , sir ! - then upright again , he 's seat on a tombstone , he tiny face hold in massive , manacle hand . magwitch what fat cheek you ha ’got . darn I if I could not eat they . where 's you mother ? pip there , sir ! ( magwitch flinch -) ' also georgiana’ , with my father . ' late of this parish 's . my brother too . magwitch a orphan , eh ? who do you live with ? that 's supposin 's I let you live . pip my sister , sir - Mrs Joe gargery , wife of Joe gargery , the blacksmith , sir ... magwitch blacksmith , eh? ( a moment ) you know what a file be ? pip yes , sir . magwitch and you know what wittles be ? pip yes , sir , food , sir . magwitch ( breath hot on pip 's face ) now I be not alone , as you may think I be . there 's a young man hide with I in comparison with which I be a angel , have a secret way of get at a boy , and at he heart , and at he liver , so that they may be roast and eat . it be in vain for a boy to hide from that young man . a boy may lock he door , may tuck himself up , may draw the clothes over he head , and that young man will softly creep and creep he way to he and tear he open ... ( more ) great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 3. magwitch ( cont 'd ) ( whisper in the ear of the terrify boy ) you bring I tomorrow morning early , at yonder battery , that file and they wittles - never dare to say a word - and I will do what I can to keep that young man out of you inside . understand ? ( pip nod ) speak it out ! pip yes , sir ! magwitch now . get you home . pip turn , tumble away , pause just long enough to turn and see the convict disappear into the misty graveyard . ext . marsh , kent - dusk pip run towards home as fast as he can . his stride slow . a gibbet hang over the road , empty but still sinister in the gather gloom . pip step warily beneath , then start to run once again . ext . gargery house , marsh - night pip 's home adjoin the forge . make of wood , the house be modest but comfortable enough , and a safe refuge now . pip barrel towards the door , and straight into - int . kitchen , gargery house - night joe gargery , the blacksmith - a rich kentish accent . joe there you be ! you sister 's be out a dozen time look for you , old chap . and on cue , a ferocious cry come from outside . mrs joe ( 0.s. ) pip ! piiiiiip ! with practice efficiency , joe take a towel , wad it up , use it to pad the back of pip 's trousers . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 4 . joe she 's on the rampage , pip , and she 's get tickler with she . best get behind the door , old chap . i’1l do my best ... a closer look at joe - fair , curly hair , pale eye , he 's a large , powerfully - build man , devoid of aggression , incapable of malice . good-nature ; child - like almost . and then mrs joe be in the room . ferocious , black -hair , red-face with fury . mrs joe where have you be , you little monkey ! wearing I out with fret and worry ! I say where have you be ! she charge at pip , wield she cane , ' tickler 's . joe do he best to shield pip behind he large leg , but mrs joe simply beat he too . pip the churchyard ! as it be Christmas - mrs joe the churchyard ! if it be not for I you have have be to the churchyard year ago , and stay there ! who bring you up by hand ? pip you do ! mrs joe ! and why do I do it , I should like to know ! pip I do not know . mrs joe gargery - fetch the tar water ! joe no need for tar water ( she turn on joe ) it be Christmas , my love . mrs joe ( a moment then -) bad enough have to be a blacksmith 's wife , without have to mother you too . ha! churchyard ! ( saw at a loaf of bread ) you 'il drive I to the churchyard between you one of this day , and a precious pair you have be without I ! but you have like that I suppose , the both of you ... 6a great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 5 . and as she monologue continue , pip slide out from he hide place and exchange look with he ally joe . a mute conversation ; ' you alright , old chap ? 's , ' thank you , Joe '. joe ruffle he hair ; a understanding . but mrs joe be watch . mrs joe . table ! now ! they take they place at the table . pip eye the bread . the sound of a cannon in the distance distract joe , and pip snatch the bread , stow it beneath the table . joe hear that ? ( another distant explosion ) there 's a conwict escape off the hulk . pip what might he have do , this convict ? and mrs joe be on he again . mrs joe murder most likely . that 's why they be put in the hulk , because they murder - pip murder ? mrs joe - murder and rob and ask too many question ! ( point the knife ) where 's that bread go ? it 's in he hand , beneath the table - pip I eat it . a moment . mrs joe glare but pip hold he nerve and she turn . joe regards pip questioningly . pip shrug , and squeeze the bread into he pocket . int . pip 's bedroom - night 6 hungry , terrify , pip hide beneath the cover , think on murder . every object in the small , meek attic room seem menace , every creak seem to speak ' murder 's . pip pull the cover higher , squeeze he eye shut . ext . marsh , kent - dawn 6 a the sun rise on the new day . 10 11 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 6 . int . landing , gargery house - dawn 7 every floorboard creak as pip tip-to past joe and mrs joe 's bedroom . a glimpse through the door - he sister snore . int . larder , gargery house - dawn 8 pip lift the lid from a stoneware pot and remove a magnificent meat-pie . brandy be pour from bottle to flask , the flask cork , the bottle now half - full . pip think a moment , top the bottle up with a filthy viscous liquid - tar water . he shake the bottle in the hope of hide the deception . pip turn and jump ; a dead hare hang from the ceiling , its glassy eye glaring accusingly at the young thief . omitted 9 ext . battery , marsh - day 10 Christmas Day be damp and misty as pip hurry guiltily towards the old fort that be they rendezvous . a seat figure be visible through the mist - the convict be slump , cold and miserable , on a stone , inspect the wound cause by he manacle . pip approach , gather he nerve , and touch the man on he shoulder . the figure turn - but it 's a different convict ; gaunt , sinister , with cruel , brood eye and a livid bruise on he face . he swipe at pip with he chain hand , and pip turn and flee , the hunch figure hobbling after he , growl . ext . battery , marsh - day 11 breathless , pip stumble on , relieved to see that the cannibalistic young man have go , for the moment at least . but suddenly - magwitch well , do you bring it boy ? magwitch scoops pip up into the air . pip ( hand over the bag ) yes , sir . here , sir . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 7 . magwitch and what 's in the bottle ? pip brandy . back on the ground , pip watch magwitch drain the bottle of brandy , then set about the pie , scoop great handfuls into he mouth , glaring about he like a starve dog protect he food . magwitch you bring no - one with you ? pip no , sir ! magwitch and ask no - one to follow ? pip I would not do that , sir . magwitch 's eye burn into pip . finally - magwitch I believe you . a cold -heart hound you have be , at you time of life , to hunt down a wretch as near to death and dunghill as I . pip , despite himself , be encourage by the approval . pip I be glad you enjoy the pie . magwitch thankee , my boy , I do . pip there 'il be none leave for he ! magwitch for ' he 's ? who 's ' he ’? pip the young man you speak of . who want to eat my liver . magwitch oh , he ? ( laugh - ) he will not want no pie . pip he look as if he do . 12 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 8. magwitch look ? what do you mean , look ? pip I see he . magwitch when ? pip just now . magwitch where ? pip down by the river . magwitch dress like I ? bruise face ? here ? badly bruise ? ( pip nod ) give I the file , boy ! immediately magwitch be saw wildly at he chain , oblivious to the raw red wound about he ankle , mutter to himself . magwitch ( cont ’d ) pip hunt he down like a Goodbye , then sir . a merry bloodhound I will . let he Christmas to you ! go free ? let he make a Goodbye ... tool of I again and again ? that villain ? no , I 'il take he to the bottom of the river if I have to drag he there myself ... and get no response , pip shrink away into the mist . a Christmas carol , sung with great volume and little tune - int . parlour , gargery house - day 12 a squeeze - box wheeze away . the carol be perform by mr pumblechook and the gargery 's other Christmas guest ; mr and mrs wopsle and mr and mrs hubble . this clerk and tradesman be what pass as gentle - folk in the narrow confines of the village , and mrs joe be appropriately puffed -up . pip do he best to slip in un -notice , but mrs joe see he , and discreetly draw she finger across she neck . 12a great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 9 . int . parlour , gargery house - day 12a later . the Christmas dinner be laid . pumblechook dominate the festivity , a large man with dull eye and a mouth like a fish . pumblechook for the great feast that we be about to receive - thanks to you mar ‘am - may the good lord make we truly thankful . all amen . mrs joe do you hear that ? be grateful ! pumblechook - especially , my boy , to that as what bring you up by hand . mrs hubble why be it that the young be never grateful ? a moment 's contemplation of this devastating gambit . pumblechook naturally wicious ! mumble of ' true , true '! pip be in hell , but joe be there . jump CUT - meal underway , pip pick at fat and gristle . joe more gravy , old chap ? mrs joe oh , I nearly forget ! lady and gentleman , do leave a little room for the savoury pork pie so kindly provide for by dear Mr pumblechook . pumblechook no more than you deserve , mar ’am . mrs joe I will get it now . shall I get it now ? I ’11l get it now . murmur of approval . she head off to the larder to search for the treasure pie , now long go . pip shrink further in he seat . joe you look awful white , old chap . have some gravy — 13 14 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 10 . pumblechook mrs joe ( 0.s. ) I often say , a slice of it 's here somewhere ! savoury pork pie will lie on top of anything you care to mention and do no harm . mrs hubble Wise word , as always . pumblechook especially with a little brandy .... mrs joe return — mrs joe at least it be here . it 's go ! and now pumblechook explode into cough and retching . pumblechook tar water ! in the brandy ! it 's all too much . he bolt to the door , dodging mrs joe - mrs joe come here , you little monkey ! and straight into the arm of - a sergeant . a crowd of soldier stand behind he , rifle at the ready . in the sergeant 's hand , magwitch 's manacle -— omitted and incorporated into 12 13 int . forge , gargery house - day 14 joe 's hammer bang down onto glow iron . spark fly . the party guest and the soldier be cluster round the forge as the chain of the manacle be repair sergeant a nasty pair . two of the most vicious character you have care to meet . anybody here see anything of any such game ? ( with a great hiss , the mmanacle be plunge into the water ) thank you , sir . a fine job . ( examine joe 's handiwork , test they strength . ) we find they file clean through . no matter . we will have ’em back on he soon enough . ' course , if any of you gentleman fancy some sport ... 15 16 16a 17 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 11 . pip regards joe , and the possibility of lark - then mrs joe , still glaring dangerously . no contest - omitted 15 ext . marsh , kent - dusk 16 as night creep in , so do the fog . the soldier advance in loose formation , a long line almost lose to each other in the mist . pip and joe pass beneath the old gibbet , pip regard it with dread . a whisper -— pip I hope we do not find ‘em , Joe . joe I hope so too , old chap . ext . marsh , kent - dusk 16a the hunt continue . voice from the mist - voice ( 0.s. ) murder ! help ! help I ! murder ! soldier ( 0.s. ) over here ! they be over here . get some light . torch be light ablaze now , they sulphurous flame glow in the fog as the soldier , joe and pip head to - ext . river , marsh - dusk 17 a ferocious fight be take place , with magwitch loom huge and victorious over he slighter opponent . the second convict 's face be a mess of mud and blood , with a vicious gash down one side of he face , the fight so brutal that the soldier can only stand and watch , too frighten to intervene , spectator in a flame - light arena . the sergeant push through -— great expectation ( page 10/ 12 ) 12 . sergeant well what be you wait for ? move ! the soldier pull they apart , the two convict swear and claw at each other throughout . magwitch I take he ! take note , I take he and give he up to you ! sergeant handcuffs ! the convict be manacle . pip hide behind joe 's leg . convict he try to murder I ! magwitch try , and not do it ? I would have kill he if I want , but instead I drag he here . I take he ! let he go free ? let he profit from I , again and again ? sergeant enough of this ! Light the torch ! convict he try to murder I ! I should have be a dead man , if you have not get here . magwitch he lie ! he 's a liar bear and he will die a liar . look at he face , he grovel eye . look I in the eye , villain . look at I ! magwitch make another murderous lunge at he enemy , but be pull back and down by four of the soldier . and it 's only then , force to the floor like a wild animal , that magwitch meet pip 's eye , see the fear and alarm on the young boy 's face . for a moment , magwitch snarl , move towards the boy - but pip put he hand to he own chest , and shake he head . ' it be not I 's — a moment , then all the fight go out of magwitch . something almost like shame come to he face . and he allow himself to be haul to he foot and manacle once more . 18 19 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 13 . ext . marsh , kent - dusk 18 silhouett against the low winter sun , the chain man and the soldier march on . pip and joe bring up the rear , follow the trail of burn tar . on the estuary , sinister shape loom on the horizon - ext . hut , marsh - night 19 the prison ship ; menace hulk , lifeless , ghost ship almost , light by sulphurous torch - light . two row boat await to take the convict back to this hell . the second convict be already on he way , he bloody face full of fear . magwitch be about to be lead away too , but he turn a moment and , without look at pip , speak to the sergeant . magwitch I wish to say something . a man can not starve . I take - steal - some wittles up at the village . a file too , and I will tell you from where . the blacksmith 's . ( surprise from joe , nothing from pip ) brandy and a pie . sergeant have you miss such a article as a pie , blacksmith ? joe my wife do . magwitch so you be the blacksmith , be you ? magwitch step towards joe and pip , cause the soldier to stand . but joe do not flinch . magwitch then I be sorry to say I have eat you pie . joe God know you be welcome to it . we do not know what you have do , but we would not have you starve to death for it , would we pip ? magwitch look to pip . pip shake he head . magwitch pip. 20 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 14 . the ghost of a smile , as he place the large manacle hand on pip 's head . a benediction . then magwitch be haul away . seat in the bow of the boat , manacle , hunch and filthy , magwitch turn once more and steadily meet pip 's eye as he be row off towards that wick noah 's ark . fade to black . ext . battery , marsh - day 20 Autumn now . some time have pass , the marsh have lose some of they menace and the day be bright and clear as pip lie in the long grass with joe by he side , both concentrate hard on a slate , on which pip chalk letter with intense concentration . joe look on in wonder ; joe I say , pip old chap ! what a scholar you be ! pip I should like to be , some day . read it , Joe . joe read it . read it .... he 's hold the slate upside down . pip turn it and read ; pip ' mi Deer jo i ope U R krwite well i shal son B habell 4 2 teedge U jo a wot larx a bleve I infxn pip 's joe why there 's a ' J '! and a ' 0 's , best ' 0 's I ever see . astonish ! how interesting read be ! pip perhaps I could teach you one day , Joe . joe prrap . prrap . though I fear I be most awful , awful dull . not like you , young scholar ! when I think back to how small and flabby and scrawny you be when I first buy you to the forge - pip Joe - please ! great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 15 . joe ( a moment , then -) ever the best of friend , be not we , pip ? pip ever the best of friend , Joe . joe and when you 's apprentice to I - what lark . a bellow echoe across the marsh . mrs joe ( 0.s. ) pip ! joe ! get back here now ! joe she must be , what , two mile off ? ( pip laugh ) best get we back then , old chap . 21 omitted 21 22 int . parlour , gargery house - day 22 pip 's head be duck unceremoniously into a bucket of water . mrs joe now if this boy be not grateful , he never will be . ( pip come up , gasp for air ) I only hope he will not be pampere . pumblechook she be not in that line , mum , have no fear . joe ' she 's ? mrs joe well , miss havisham be not a he , be she ? even you be not as dull as that ! pumblechook well put , mar ’am . good indeed . mrs joe scrub at pip as if he be a stone floor . soaped , need , towelled , thumped ... great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 16 . pip be tug and pull into he best suit . mrs joe Mr pumblechook here - pumblechook - she tenant , do not you see . mrs joe - go to pay he rent and miss ' avisham say do he know a boy who might go and play there for she pleasure and Mr pumblechook , be always considerate and thoughtful of we - pumblechook - no more than you deserve - mrs joe - mention this boy , prancing here . he 's to go straightaway ! for all we know we fortune might be make and all he have to do be play ! pip but I do not want to ... the affect on mrs joe be startling . she redden , clutches at she heart . mrs joe listen to I , ungrateful wretch . d’you want to mix with people of quality and breeding , or stay here and rot with this great lumpen noodle ? pip stay here ? mrs joe what ! what ! what did you say ! pip look to joe , but there 's nothing he can do . pip nod in acquiescence , and the pummelling continue . omitted 23 ext . satis house - day 24 pip sit in pumblechook 's cart , scrubbed and truss up in he stiffest clothes , he suit too short . pumblechook eight time twelve ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 17 . pip ninety-six . through twisted , overgrown parkland pip see the grim , dismal hulk of satis House . pumblechook four time seventeen ? too slow ! sixty - eight . nine time thirteen - pumblechook keep up he stream of question as they step down from the cart and approach the gate , chain shut . pip one hundred and seventeen - pumblechook - minus thirty - two ? be you listen , boy ? Boy ? the garden of this once fine house be overgrown , the window be either brick up or bar , and from the outside it seem barely credible that the place could be inhabit . and yet ... voice what name ? a silhouette , call from a window in a clear voice . pumblechook pumblechook ! voice quite right . pumblechook now , boy , remember you station and let you conduct be a credit unto that which bring you up by hand . and now a strikingly pretty young girl approach , scarcely older than pip but proud , self - assure , fearless - - young estella . she regards pip with a judgemental eye , then produce a large bunch of key and open the gate . estella do you wish to see miss havisham ? pumblechook if miss havisham wish to see I ! 25 26 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 18 . estella she do not . ( the gate be close on pumblechook . to pip -) come along . and with a glance back at the indignant , exclude pumblechook , pip follow she into the house . int . satis house - day 25 the gloomy house be light by a great many candle . estella take one up and lead the way . portrait and drape furniture can be glimpse as they make they way up a fine staircase towards a door . they stop outside . estella be you frighten ? pip I do not know . estella go in then . pip after you , miss . estella smile scornfully and walk away . pip take a breath and push the door open ... int . master bedroom , satis house - day 26 the room be light with candle , with no glimpse of daylight . it be the bedroom , and miss eleanor havisham sit in front of the mirror of she dress table . she be quite the strangest lady he - or we - have ever see . the wedding dress , the glove , the veil be all decaye to a yellow - grey . the bride too have take on this ashen , sickly taint . miss havisham come nearer . let I look at you . pip approach gingerly , take in more of the room ; the still pendulum , the clock stop at twenty to nine , the half - pack suitcase , the once - fine clothes now dusty and decaye . miss havisham look at I ! ( he do so ) you be not afraid of a woman who have never see the sun since you be bear ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 19 . pip no , mar ’am . miss havisham then come closer . ( she hand on she chest ) do you know what I touch here ? pip you heart . miss havisham Broken ! the word be speak with a weird pride . miss havisham I sometimes have sick fancy and I have a sick fancy that I want to see some play . play . play ! ( pip stand , freeze ) be you sullen and obstinate ? pip no , mar ’‘am ! I be very sorry for you and sorry that I can not play . if you complain of I I will get into trouble with my sister , so I would play if I could , but it 's so new here .... she regards he . a moment . very quiet . miss havisham so new to he , so old to I , so melancholy . call estella ! estella ! estella be already approach , light by candlelight . she walk past he and straight to miss havisham . with a strange mechanical movement , a ritual almost , estella place she head on she lap . miss havisham pick a broach from the dress table and place it against estella 's dress , in she hair , watch how the jewel compliment she skin . miss havisham you own one day , my dear , and you will use it well . ( she fix the broach to estella , as if arming she ) now . let I see you play card with he . estella but he 's a common labour boy . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 20 . miss havisham well ? ( whisper , for estella only ) you can break he heart . they both look to pip . estella what do you play , boy ? pip nothing but beggar my neighbour , miss . miss havisham so. beggar he . 27 int . master bedroom , satis house - day 27 the card game . miss havisham look on . pip the jack of diamond . estella ' Jack 's ! he call the knave ' jack 's , this boy . ( miss havisham smile ) and what coarse hand he have , and what thick boot . he 's nothing but a stupid , clumsy labour boy . humiliate , fight back tear , pip look to miss havisham . miss havisham you say nothing of she . what do you think of she ? pip I do not like to say . miss havisham whisper in my ear . and pip approach , until he face be close to miss havisham - the yellow skin , the milky eye . pip I think she be very proud . miss havisham anything else . pip I think she be very pretty . 28 28a great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 21 . miss havisham anything else ? pip I think she be very insulting . I think I should like to go home . miss havisham what ? and never see she again ? and pip look to estella . beautiful . a whisper . pip I think I have like to see she again . miss havisham smile - she have win . miss havisham then you shall . but when , when shall I have you here again ? pip today be wedne ... miss havisham no wednesday , thursdays , Fridays here , no day of the week , no week of the year . come again after six day . estella , take he down . feed he . ext . satis house - dusk 28 pip wait in the yard of the derelict brewery as estella approach . she carry a tray of bread , a mug of beer which she place on the floor in front of the boy . it 's as if he be a dog in disgrace . the gesture be so hurtful and humiliate that tear start in pip 's eye . young estella see this . with a effort pip struggle to retain he dignity . estella merely smile and walk away . int . gargery house - night 28a pip 's slam into the wall , mrs joe hiss into he ear . mrs joe do you disgrace yourself ? pip no - mrs joe and do she pay you ? 29 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 22. pip no - mrs joe or say she have do something for we , a reward ? pip she want I to return - mrs joe then you will return , do you hear I , you 'il return and play nicely until she see we right . d' you understand ? and she let the shake pip go . joe look on , powerless . int . forge , gargery house - day 29 a shower of spark . pip watch from he usual spot , take in joe 's thick boot , he coarse , dirty hand , the grime on he face as he hammer to the dirge - like song ' Old Clem 's . pip hold up he own hand , examine they ; the dirt under the scruffy nail . suddenly , joe break off sing . joe something wrong , old chap ? pip I wish you have not teach I to call the knave jack . joe what 's that , pip ? pip pause for a moment . then , in a rush - pip and I wish my boot be not so thick and my hand be not so coarse and I wish I be not common ! he try to run but joe stop he , scoops he up - joe now , now old chap . that 's enough now , what 's all this talk ? ' common 's ? who say you 's common ? tell I - pip the girl , at miss havisham 's . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 22a. joe but you be not common in the least , old boy ! to my mind you be most uncommon . uncommon small and a uncommon scholar ... pip I be ignorant and backward , Joe . joe and what of that letter you write , with the fine ' J 's and the ' 0 's , the most uncommon ' o 's I ever see ... pip I know nothing ! you think much of I , that 's all . joe and be not that something , old sport ? ai not that something ? 30 omitted , incorporated into 29 30 31 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 23. int . village classroom / shop - day 31 pip read aloud from a scrappy Bible - pip ' , .and the Lord say unto Aaron ' thou and thy son and thy father 's house .. a apple core hit he on the forehead . a classroom descend into anarchy . pip look to mrs wopsle , the ancient village teacher but she lie face down on she desk snore , entirely unaware of the chalk , conker , shoe that fly through the air towards pip - rescue - biddy , mrs wopsle 's granddaughter , rush in to calm the chaos . biddy good gracious , what be go ! enough ! enough I say ! biddy be barely eleven , scruffy , more plain than pretty , but with a humorous , pleasant , open face . a orphan , like pip , who watch she closely now , with barely - conceal admiration . biddy back to you desk , pip. very good . now , let we read together - ( the sleep teacher ) quietly . ' and the Lord say unto Aaron - 32 33 34 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 24 . and while they teacher sleep the class read aloud in a monotonous whisper . biddy catch pip 's eye . she smile . int . village classroom / shop - day 32 the class file out . biddy look up . pip be wait there . pip I wonder if ... you might teach I . biddy teach you what , pip ? pip everything . I want to know everything . biddy ( she laugh -) everything ? goodness , well that might take a little time . pip , whatever for ? for this - ext . satis house - day 33 young estella , austere and beautiful , open the gate . wordlessly , pip follow . as they walk - estella do you know the name of the house , boy ? it be satis House . pip be that ... Greek ? estella Greek or Latin or Hebrew or all three , for ' enough 's . pip enough House . that 's a curious name . estella do not loiter ! it mean , when it be give , that whoever have this house , could want for nothing else ... int . hallway , satis house - day - continuous 34 estella they must have be easily satisfied . the shabby remain of the havisham and pocket family wait , and wait , and wait . 35 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 25 . Three woman , one man , shifty , unappeal , they regard pip as bird of prey might regard a sickly lamb . sarah pocket ( to estella ) be this he ? be this the boy ? estella ( still walk ) none of you business ... cousin raymond well ! of all the ... camilla will she see we today ? we have be wait ! mrs raymond wait all morning ! sarah pocket we only wish to help ! smiling conspiratorially , estella whisper to pip . estella miss havisham 's poor relation . she call they she vulture . ignore they . it drive they mad . pip glance back at the glaring relative and smile . a sense of mischievous solidarity with estella - int . corridor , satis house - day 35 pip and be they you relation too ? estella certainly not . I have no relation . pip then miss havisham be not you - estella ( stop suddenly , turn ) well ? pip well , miss ? estella be I pretty ? pip you be very pretty . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 26 . estella be I insulting ? pip not so much as last time , no . and estella slap he , very hard . pip gather himself . estella why do not you cry ? pip ( tearful , defiant ) because I do not want to - estella you cry last time , I see you - pip - and I ' will never cry for you again . estella raise she hand to strike again jagger whom have we here ? a large , well - dress man - jagger , miss havisham 's solicitor . powerful , immaculate , self - assure , he take pip 's chin in he large , manicure hand . jagger this be the boy , be it ? well I have a pretty large experience of boy , and you be a bad set of fellow . behave yourself . ( to estella ) he 's to wait in the ballroom . 36 int . ballroom , satis house - day 36 the door be close on pip . a fire have be light in the great , grand ballroom , but the smoke hang in the air like marsh mist . rising out of it be the great , long banquet table , cover with dust and mould . in the centre of the room stand the clock , hand stop at twenty to nine . both repell and fascinate by the sight , pip move towards the table 's centre-piece , a cake , now overhung with cobweb and black with fungus . pip peer closely , then recoil in disgust as a fat black beetle crawl from beneath the rotten icing . a voice - miss havisham what do you think it be ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 27 . pip a cake ? miss havisham a bride cake . mine ! take my hand , walk with I . he do so , start a slow steady circuit of the table . miss havisham today be my birthday - pip many happy ret - miss havisham I will not have it speak of ! on this day of the year , long before you be bear , this heap of decay - ( - the cake - ) - be bring here and we have wear away together . mice have gnaw at it and sharper tooth than mouse have gnaw at I . when the ruin be complete , when they lay I dead in my bride 's dress on the bride 's table , the curse will be finish on he . pip on who , miss havisham ? but estella , the havisham and pocket be wait in the doorway . sarah pocket miss havisham . how well you look ! miss havisham ( to pip ) ah , the vulture . estella - feed the boy . 37 ext . garden , satis house - day 37 eat he lunch , a hunk of bread , pip start to explore the strange , overgrown garden . - in a courtyard , a once fine coach stand derelict , a remnant of another era . - the stable , empty and sinister . - a once elegant greenhouse , twisted and shattered . - row and row of barrel , the source of the havisham fortune , now break and drain . there 's someone there . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 28 . - young estella , stand still , hold she face up to the warmth of the sun , eye close . a private reverie . pip hide , watch - - as now estella skip from barrel to barrel , sing quietly to herself . youthful , natural , exuberant , not at all the stern and harsh girl we have see before now . pip watch , sink deeper into love , when - young gentleman who be you ? pip turn . a pale young gentleman , he own age , lanky and puny . young gentleman who let you in ? who give you leave to prowl about ? pip estella . young gentleman estella ? that witch ! and now we see estella 's p.o.v , watch unseen . pip take that back ! young gentleman I will not ! pip you will take that back . young gentleman fight I then . ( and he start to take off he jacket ) regular rule . come to the ground ! and he start to prance like some absurd prize-fighter . in she hide place , estella stifles she laughter . pip , too , be not quite sure what to do until a feeble jab land on he arm , and he respond with a neat punch to the pale young gentleman 's nose . it 's as much fluke as skill , but he 's surprised to see the boy sprawling on the floor . the boy take the blow in very good spirit , dabbing at he nosebleed , spring to he foot . young gentleman that mean you win . honour be satisfied . much oblige . good afternoon ! 38 39 great expectation ( page 10 / 12 ) 29 . and pull on he jacket , the ridiculous young gentleman stride off . estella watch this all , she cheek flush , exhilated . ext . satis house - dusk 38 pip be show to the gate once more . estella you be to return the day after tomorrow at noon and alternate day after that . expect no reward . as she turn the key , estella pause . estella you may kiss I . if you like . pip what for ? she simply smile and offer she cheek . pip kiss it . a moment of pure bliss and utter confusion - and then he be somehow out of the gate , watch estella walk away . close on estella ; she private smile - ext . the battery , marsh , kent - day 39 - and then on biddy , smile indulgently as pip struggle . pip ...- Henry ii , Richard i. King John ? Henry III , Richard the ...? biddy Edward I , ii and III , Richard ii , Henry - pip how do you manage it , biddy ? biddy manage what ? pip to know so much . biddy I suppose I catch it . like a cough . they laugh . a moment , as pip pluck up courage . 40 4l 42 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 30 . pip May I tell you a secret ? biddy I suppose you may . pip I do not want to be a blacksmith . I want to be a gentleman . biddy oh I would not if I be you . be not you fond of the forge ? and Joe ? pip yes ... biddy then do not you think you have be happier as you be ? pip I have a particular reason . biddy to do with a certain young lady I suppose . you princess . ( pip say nothing ) and do you want to be a gentleman to win she ? or to spite she ? pip take this in ; the truth be he 's not sure . biddy once again : Henry III - pip Edward I , ii and III , Richard ii , Henry iv ... Music up . the wheeze of a harmonium - omitted cover shot in scene 29 . 40 omitted 41 int . kitchen , gargery house - day 42 pip scrub at he hand , in a attempt to get the filth off . wincing , he scrub and scrub until the skin be pink and raw . 43 44 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 31 . int . corridor , satis house - day 43 pip 's gentleman-hand be push a wheelchair as he sing ' Old Clem 's . miss havisham sing along in a quavering voice , as if sing in she sleep . estella ( v.o. ) once there be a certain gentleman , very handsome he be , and miss havisham love he and hope to marry he . and he desert she - int . ballroom , satis house - day 44 Music play on a old music-box . estella be teach a awkward , clumsy pip to dance - pip but why ? estella because he be a man of course . this be before I be bear . you be out -of-time . listen - pip so what do you remember ? estella I remember nothing . nothing before miss havisham . 1- 2-3 , 1-2-3 pip so be you name havisham ? estella of course , what other name might it be ? you ask a great many question . I do not ask you about you parent - pip my parent be dead . they die when I be a child . estella hesitates , just for a moment . estella then we be both orphan . and that be all we have in common . suddenly - miss havisham estella ! pip and estella start guiltily . 45 46 47 48 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 32 . miss havisham what be you do ? estella ( step away from he ) Teaching pip to dance . like a gentleman . miss havisham take this in . miss havisham you be grow tall , pip . bring the blacksmith to see I . omittedincorporated into 44 45 omittedincorporared into 47 46 int . corridor , satis house - day 47 joe , absurd in he Sunday best , look in the mirror , lick he hand and smooth down a stubborn tuft of hair as estella lead pip and joe towards miss havisham 's room . pip hold joe 's hand , reassuringly . but as they reach the door , he drop it . int . master bedroom , satis house - day 48 imperious , miss havisham survey the blacksmith who , in he anxiety and confusion , insist on address all he answer to pip . estella watch , amused . miss havisham you be the husband of the sister of the boy ? joe pip be that I hup and just say yes , Joe . just marry you sister , by ' yes 's . yes , miss havisham . which I meantersay - miss havisham and you have rear the boy with the intention of make he you apprentice ? joe you know , pip , as you and I ever be the best of friend , and it be look for’ard to betwixt we as be calculate to lead to lark - pip look to estella , and be mortify to see she laugh at joe . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 33 . miss havisham the boy have make no objection to the trade ? joe lark be the great wish of you heart , pip - miss havisham enough ! estella - ( she look up ) bring I that purse . reluctantly , estella do so . miss havisham pip have earnt a premium here . here be five and twenty guinea . give it to you new master , pip . you be now a blacksmith . Goodbye . pip be mortify ; this be not a reward , it 's a punishment . he look to estella , who be no longer laugh -— miss havisham you be not ashamed of be a blacksmith ? pip no , but ... miss havisham then you be a blacksmith . Goodbye . pip stand , freeze . he have think he place be here . now he must leave . a final plea ... pip but ... but be I to come again ? miss havisham ( a moment , then ) no. Goodbye pip . you have be a good boy . estella , show he out . Goodbye , goodbye .... pip look to estella . 49 ext . satis house - dusk 49 the gate clang shut for the last time . thrown out of paradise , pip be devastate . pip perhaps we shall meet again . one day ? estella be struggle to maintain she cold demeanour . but - 51 52 53 great expectation ( page 10/ 12 ) 34 . estella it seem unlikely . and with this she turn and , hold the lamp aloft , walk away . c.u. on estella - she private sadness . joe hold out he hand . a moment of hesitation , then pip take it and walk off into the darkness . fade to black : the sound of hammer , the roar of a furnace . caption . ten year later ... fade in : int . forge , gargery house - day 51 the noise , sweat and soot of the forge . face and hand black from the smoke , the adult pip hammer at the red hot iron . nineteen now , he have grow into a fine , handsome young man ; dark - feature , strong , determine . joe work nearby , well into middle - age now , but still retain he child - like gaucheness . he and pip eat a makeshift lunch , tear at bread with sooty hand . there 's a figure in the doorway ; adult biddy , now in she early twenty , carry a pile of book . more womanly , a little neater , but with the same pleasant , open face . pip Joe , may I ?... joe nod assent . ext . marsh , kent - day 52 pip and biddy run full pelt across the marsh . a beautiful summer 's day . ext . the old battery , marsh , kent - day 53 pip and biddy read . but biddy 's eye be not on the page . instead she be pluck up courage . her hand reach across and take pip 's hand ( or perhaps even a kiss ? ) either way , awkwardness have set in . pip biddy , I wish - 54 55 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 35 . biddy go on ... pip? pip I wish ... I wish I could fall in love with you . biddy oh. pip can I say this to you ? biddy do not mind I . pip I wish that I could love you and my work and settle down with Joe at the forge , and that we could all be sit here together , three completely different people . I wish that I could be content , but ... biddy you cannot . pip ( " no " ) might you be content with I ? biddy I might . but then I be easily pleased . a smile . pip take she hand , but in consolation now . biddy do you think of she very often ? ext . satis house - day 54 the house remain unchange . illicit , a trespasser , pip loiter at the chain gate , hope for a glimpse of a face at the window . no sign of life . int . forge , gargery house - night 55 pip hammer again , venting all he frustration on the iron . joe arrive , anxious and stiff ; frighten almost . joe gentleman to see you , pip. 56 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 36 . a figure step out of the shadow . a large , well - dress man with a dark complexion , a face from the past . miss havisham 's solicitor . jagger . int . kitchen , gargery house - night 56 jagger seem incongruous and uneasy in the humble kitchen . jagger you be Phillip pirrip , commonly know as pip , be I right ? pip yes , sir . jagger and this be you brother - in- law , Joseph , or ' Joe 's gargery . joe I be that man . jagger you wife , Mr gargery ? joe Dead , sir . bad heart . pass away this five year , sir , while on the rampage and I miss she every - jagger condolence . my name be jagger and I be a lawyer in London . I be pretty well know . I have unusual business to transact with you and I commence by explain that it be not of my originate . if my advice have be ask , I would not be here . it be not ask , and you see I here . do you understand ? ( nothing from pip and joe ) Joseph gargery , I be the bearer of a offer to relieve you of this young fellow you apprentice . I be here to inform you that he have great expectation ! ( pip and joe uncomprehend . ) he have come into a handsome fortune , and it be the desire of the present possessor of this fortune that he be remove from he present circumstance and bring up as a gentleman in London . pip , he heart beat fast , turn to joe . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 37 . jagger now . do you have any objection ? pip no ...no , I do not think so ... jagger there be , of course , condition . the first be that you always retain the name of pip . you have no objection I daresay . pip I ...have no objection . jagger the second stipulation be that the name of the liberal benefactor remain a profound secret until the person choose to reveal it . you most positively prohibit from make any enquiry on this question . do you understand ? pip I understand . jagger Mr gargery ? throughout the above , joe have go into a sort of trance . jagger Mr gargery , this be for you . ( a purse - ) twenty guinea . as compensation . for the loss of he service . he drop the money on the table . joe stare at it . joe if you think money can make compensation for the loss of the little orphan what come to the forge and be ever the best of friend ... jagger yes , the sentiment be touch , now do you want the money or no - and joe be stand suddenly , fist raise , red-face . joe pip if you be a man , come on ! enough , Joe ! please , enough bull -bait and badger - I in my own home . well come on ! come on I say ! and joe sit back down . gingerly , jagger return the money to he pocket . 57 58 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 38 . int / ext . gargery house - night 57 pip escort jagger from the house . jagger well Mr pip , I think the sooner you leave here the better . shall we say one week ? pip and what will I do in London ? jagger ' do ’? pip what will be my trade , my profession ? jagger a gentleman . you will be a gentleman . ( he offer he hand -) you will please consider I you guardian now . pip take jagger 's manicure hand . joe watch from the doorway . he see the handshake . int . tailor 's shop - day 58 pumblechook sit in he chair , eat a butter roll , even more red -face , complacent and madden than before . pumblechook Seven time sixteen , you answer please - pip mister pumblechook . pumblechook too slow , too slow -— pip Mr pumblechook , I have some news ... jump CUT -— bustle and fuss . a roll of fabric be unveil , and another and another as pumblechook , unctuously sycophantic now , talk pip through he finest linen . jagger ( v.o. ) you will need some new clothes - not work clothes . and you will want some money - shall we say twenty guinea ? 59 60 61 62 63 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 39 . pumblechook May I ? now this be number 4 , a very sweet article for light summer - wear , really top notch and extra super . May I ? feel the knap ? d' you feel it ? how it catch the light ? extra super fine and quite in vogue amongst London gentry . now , number 5 . pip be measure , fuss and fidgete over by pumblechook . omitted 59 int . kitchen , gargery house - day 60 biddy and joe wait for a unveil , a expectant audience . gentleman pip enter , transformed and slightly absurd . the country tailore be a poor imitation of already - date fashion , but he do he best to smile . biddy smile . joe have only one word . joe astonish . omitted now move to 65b 61 omittednow move to 65c 62 int . kitchen , gargery house - night 63 a awkward last supper . pip sit and eat , uncomfortable in he finery , and watch as joe swab he plate with a hunk of bread . later , pip take biddy to one side . pip can I ask you , biddy , to help Joe on a little ? ( she do not understand ) in he learn , and he manners . biddy oh , will not he manners do then ? pip ( joe lick he finger - ) they do very well here . 64 65 65 a great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 40 . biddy oh , they do very well here , do they ? pip but if , when , I choose to bring Joe into a higher sphere , they will hardly do he justice - biddy and do not you think he know that ? ( pip be take aback ) have you never consider that he may be proud ? pip proud ? biddy yes , proud , too proud to let anyone take he out of a place that he be competent to fill and fill well and with respect - I think you know this ! I think you of all people would know he best of all ! and biddy walk off briskly , leave a pensive pip . joe have be watch . he smile . int . kitchen , gargery house - night 64 late that night . joe sit in front of the fire as pip , dress in he old clothes , stand behind he and cut he hair . a scene that have take place many time before , but anxious now , joe frighten almost . until - pip you know I shall never forget you , Joe . joe ever the best of friend , old chap . joe lay he hand on pip 's . and they lapse into silence once more . omitted 65 ext . gargery house - day 65 a and now it 's time to say goodbye . pip be walk away , when he feel something hit he in the back . he turn to look - a shoe , throw by joe . joe sorry ! it be mean for luck . 65 B 65c great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 41 . another shoe come fly - biddy 's now . and another , all of they laugh , as pip dodge the hail of shoe , turn and leave . as biddy cry , joe comfort she . ext . satis house - day 65 B pip stand at the gate of satis House , practice he line , he elocution . pip miss havisham I wish to say .. good afternoon , miss havisham , I wonder if I might ... a figure approach with a lamp ; miss sarah pocket , one of the vulture . she regards he with undisguise contempt . sarah pocket what do you want ? int . master bedroom , satis house - day 65c miss havisham sit at she dress - table , as before , but older , frailer , more decaye . around she , wait on she word , be the vulture - camilla pocket , cousin raymond , mrs raymond , they face grim and resentful . sarah pocket show pip in . miss havisham pip ! pip ! come join we . how handsome you look in you finery . come closer ! ( with malicious relish ) you remember my cousin Sarah pocket . she work for I now . I employ she . sarah scowl , take she place amongst the pocket . pip ( choose he word ) I come to take my leave of you , miss havisham - miss havisham yes , I have see Mr jagger , I know all about it . you be adopt by a mysterious benefactor ? pip yes , miss havisham . miss havisham how mysterious ! who could it be ? but be not that wonderful news , everyone ! the pocket , the vulture , be speechless with rage , but powerless . miss havisham be positively gleeful . 66 67 68 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 42 . miss havisham go now . all of you , go - ( the pocket file past the usurper , glaring . the two of they now -) she 's abroad , pip , educate for a lady , far out of reach ; prettier than ever ; admire by all who see she . do you feel that you have lose she ? be patient , pip . I be sure you path will cross . pip I hope so . ( take she hand ) miss havisham , I wish to say how grateful I be for - miss havisham hush now , pip . you will always keep the name of pip , you know . ( jagger 's word exactly . she return to she mirror ) Goodbye , pip. Goodbye . int . smithfield meat market , london - day 66 and we be plunge straight into the heat and filth of the meat market on a summer morning ; no scenic view , no splendour , just the noise and bustle of a work city . clutch jagger 's address in one hand , a carpet bag in the other , pip alight from he coach and be immediately overwhelm by the clamour and chaos . ext . jagger 's office , smithfield - day 67 pip stagger to the door of jagger 's office , a unprepossessing ramshackle affair . he force he way through a crowd at the door ; a shabby , desperate lot , all await the lawyer 's return . int . jagger 's office , smithfield - day 68 two ghastly black plaster head sit on a high mantelpiece . a clerk stand on a chair , dusting they . short , pock - mark , square - face , this be mr wemmick . wemmick Mr jagger ' 1ll be with you shortly , Mr pip . he 's at the Bailey , get evidence together . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 43 . pip ( the head - ) whose likeness be they ? wemmick ' likeness 's ? this be they true selve ! cast make in newgate , fresh from the gallow . murderer , and a forger of will . very crafty in particular , this one but the evidence be too strong . ( to the death mask ) not so crafty now be you , my friend ? ( wemmick step down off the chair , show pip a ring on he finger ) this be he too . make a gift of it to I , just before the end . and with a shudder , pip notice that wemmick wear a number of similar ring ; dead mens 's jewellery , two handfuls of it . wemmick not worth much , but they be portable , and they be property . that 's my guide star , Mr pip ; get hold of portable property . ( a bustle at the door ) that 's Mr jagger now . and sure enough , jagger burst into the room , surround by a extraordinary gaggle of client and suitor . even as he address pip he keep up a run dialogue with the desperate client , who swarm around he , bee around a hive . ( the follow at great speed , italic address to pip , the rest throw out into the hubbub , like crumb to pigeon . ) jagger now I have nothing to say to you , and I want to know no more than I know - good - day Mr pip - and as for you , it 's a toss - up , I tell you it be a toss - up , have you pay Mr wemmick ? yes or no ? yes ? good . now let go of my coat ! - I trust you journey be satisfactory , Mr pip - one more word from you and I will throw in the case , do you hear ? ' feeling 's ? who speak of ' feeling 's ? we will have no ' feeling 's here - follow I , Mr pip , please - not another word , not one , or I will drop the case , now let go of my coat and get out of my way . follow I please , Mr pip ! this way - 69 70 71 72 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) int . jagger 's office , smithfield - continuous and the office door slam and they be in the relative calm of jagger 's private room . jagger you have meet Mr wemmick . he keep the money , so no doubt you will see a great deal of he . good gracious , be that you new suit ? here - ( Business card -) tailor , hatter , hosier , bootmaker , you will find you credit good with all of they . ( a purse -) here be you allowance , I trust you will find it generous . as he speak , jagger pour hot water into a washbasin ; jagger wash he hand and neck , wash away the work with perfume soap . jagger you temporary lodging be at barnard 's Inn , near here so that I might keep a eye on you and pull you up when I find you go wrong . you will go wrong , Mr pip , but that 's no fault of mine . ext . barnard 's inn - day pip stand outside the ramshackle board house , accommodation for single gentleman . jagger ( v.o. ) you will be lodging with Mr Herbert pocket , miss havisham 's great nephew ... int . stairwell , barnard 's inn - day pip climb the ramshackle staircase , unimpress . jagger ( v.o . ) Mr pocket be a clerk . he have no expectation , but will ensure that you can hold you own with gentleman of quality . a note on the door read ' return shortly ! 's int . chamber , barnard 's inn - day 44 . 69 70 rent 71 72 pip look out of a sooty window at a murky view of London . a bustle behind he , and herbert pocket be there , young , lanky , pale , laden down with parcel of food . 73 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 45 . herbert Mr pip ? pip Mr pocket ? herbert I be extremely sorry , but I think , come from the country you might like a little fruit . strawberry ! ( a red pulpy mess ) strawberry jam ! have you see you lodging ? it be by no mean splendid , but I be sure we sha not come to blow ... he stop in he track , stare at pip , then raise he fist and assume a absurd box stance . herbert put they up ! come on , come on ... be he mad perhaps ? pip I beg you pardon ? herbert take you ground ! regular rule apply ! and pip remember too . herbert the prowling boy ! pip the pale young gentleman ! int . chamber , barnard 's inn - day 73 serving boy lay out a meal in the small , comfortable draw room - a kind of early take - away . wine be pour and herbert tell he story = herbert I be there with my aunt Sarah on a trial visit . miss havisham fancie that she want to ' see I play 's . clearly she do not take a fancy to I . poor taste on she part but just as well , otherwise I might have be what - do you - call - it to estella . ( pip lean in ) affiance . betroth . engage . but it be not to be . pip I be very sorry . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 46 . herbert sorry ? the girl 's a tartar , hard and haughty and capricious to the last degree , bring up by miss havisham to wreak revenge on all the male sex . pip why should she wreak revenge ? herbert Lord , Mr pip , do not you know ? pip please - tell I . int . chamber , barnard 's inn - night 74 a little later . pip and herbert be eat now . herbert miss havisham be very rich and very proud , a spoil child . her mother die when she be young , and she father marry again , he cook would you believe , and they have a boy , Arthur , who be - how might I put this ? - not entirely legitimate and consequently nurse a terrible grudge .. at this point I might break off and mention that in London it be not the custom to put the knife into the mouth , for fear of accident - ( pip remove the knife ) also the spoon be not generally use over - hand , but under . do you mind ? pip not at all . I be grateful . herbert now , miss havisham meet a certain man and love this man devotedly , passionately , idolise he , and soon they be engage . he persuade she to buy she half - brother 's share in the brewery at a immense price , so that when he be she husband he could hold and manage it all . int . ballroom , satis house - day ( flashback ) 75 a wedding cake . extravagant , ornate , it stand at the centre of a long banquet table in a elegant , light - fill room . herbert ( v.o. ) well , the happy day arrive - 76 77 78 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 47 . servant buzz around the table in preparation for the wedding feast . life , activity everywhere . int . bedroom , satis house - day ( flashback ) 76 in the fine master bedroom , miss eleanor havisham sit in front of a mirror . it 's hard to see she face beneath the veil , but she 's a little older than one might expect for a bride in the last year of the 18th century . nevertheless , there 's no mistake the grace and beauty there - - nor the discontent and resentment in the eye of arthur havisham , the half - brother , sulky and malign . herbert ( v.o . ) the wedding dress be bring , the wedding tour plan out ... ext . satis house - day ( flashback ) 77 a letter , seal with crimson wax be hold in the hand of a unseen messenger — herbert ( v.o . ) ... the wedding guest be invite , my parent among they , the feast laid out , a great bride - cake make . we follow the unseen figure as he pass the great banquet , head through the bustle of preparation int . master bedroom , satis house - day ( flashback ) 78 a clock read twenty to nine . the unseen messenger gingerly approach the family wedding group . herbert ( v.o . ) the groom write she a letter ... arthur havisham beckon to he , take the letter from the messenger and regards it carefully . a moment of hesitation , of conscience . then a decision -— arthur havisham sister - ( eleanor havisham turn ) it 's for you . smiling , trustingly , she take the letter . arthur 's eye fix on she face as she break the crimson seal . the room fall silent . she scan the letter . scan it again , try to make sense of the word . the letter fall from she hand - 79 79 a 80 81 82 83 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 48 . reeling , she stumble backwards into the dress table . jar of powder , jewel fall to the floor . arthur look on in horror and shame . int . ballroom , satis house - day ( flashback ) 79 the servant hear a terrible cry . int . satis house - dusk ( flashback ) 79 a the wedding veil mask eleanor 's haunt face as she walk the corridor of the great house . herbert ( v.o. ) she receive the letter - pip ( v.o. ) - when she be dress for marriage - pip / herbert ( v.o. ) - at twenty minute to nine . a hand clad in white wedding - lace reach into a great clock and stop the pendulum . the time be turn back to twenty to nine - the wooden shutter on the high window be close against the summer evening light , the great curtain be draw - on the table , the glorious wedding - cake - a small figure in white retreat into the darkness of the house . the door slam shut . int . chamber , barnard 's inn - night 80 herbert it be a conspiracy between the groom and she brother to defraud miss havisham and break she heart . and in that they most surely succeed . ( a moment ) let 's step out , get some fresh air shall we ? omitted 81 omitted 82 omitted 83 great expectation ( page 10/ 12 ) 49 , omitted 84 int . tavern — night 85 pip and herbert , drunk and companionable now , be squeeze into the corner of a smoky smithfield tavern . herbert Trade - that 's where the money be . in the future I shall trade to Egypt for silk and spice , ceylon for elephant 's tusk - pip but for now ? herbert for now I be a clerk . in a count house , with a sweetheart whom I can not afford to marry . pip be there profit in be a clerk ? herbert none whatsoever . not a penny . ext . barnard 's inn - night 86 pip and herbert stumble home , pretty drunk now . herbert but you look about you , you know ? that 's the grand thing . you go to work every day , and look about you and one day you see you open and you swoop ! ( he arm around pip ) you know . I do not much care for ' Mr pip 's . I tell you what I should like . see as we be so harmonious , and you have be a blacksmith , would you mind ' handel 's for a familiar name ? ( pip do not get it ) the harmonious blacksmith ? it 's by handel ? ( he sing a phrase ) do you mind ? pip I would like it very much . and arm - in - arm , woozy with ale , they stagger on . 87 87a 88 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 50 . int . jagger office , smithfield - day 87 hungover , pip look on as wemmick unlock the cash - box . jagger be there , with a tell - you - so look . jagger back so soon ! very good , very good . now I have take the liberty of enrol you in a gentleman 's club ... ext . finch club , mayfair - night 87a the headquarters of - jagger ( v.o. ) the finch of the Grove . it 's quite the thing , apparently , for gentleman of distinction . int . dine room , mayfair - night 88 a dining room , heavy with cigar smoke , pack with drunken , bellicose young man in evening dress . startop as bullfinch of this Grove , and in the most honoure name of chaffinch - the finch fringillae ! startop goldfinch - the finch carduelis ! startop - and hawfinch ! the finch coccothraust ! startop - may the present promotion of good feel ever reign predominant among the noble finch of the Grove ! gentlemen - the finch huzzah ! huzzah ! for the finch of the Grove . glass be raise and dash down . on pip and herbert , bemuse . later , cigar be savour . pip cough , herbert whisper - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 51 . herbert hold the smoke in you mouth . pip do so , cough again . herbert pat he back . all of this be observe by one of the other finch , bentley drummle . pip and how do I sound ? ( put on a voice ) should I speak like this ? herbert just be yourself . pip the one thing I can not be be myself . and now they be join by startop and bentley drummle . startop pip , be not it ? pip - pip pirrip . startop pirrip . pip pirrip . how remarkable . and where be you people from ? pip ' my people 's ? herbert from Kent . they be the kentish pirrip . drummle you sound like some sort of apple . drummle be big -bon , sulky , a arrogant young baronet . he regards pip with barely conceal contempt , speak in a sluggish , fat- tongue drawl . drummle so what school do you go to , kentish pirrip ? pip well . I was..educate .. independently by a french governess . Mademoiselle ... just ' Mademoiselle 's . a puff of the cigar . silence startop so . how about some game ? startop and drummle head off . 89 90 91 92 92a 93 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 52 . herbert ' Mademoiselle 's ? and they collapse into appal laughter . and - int . dine room , mayfair - night 89 anarchy now , as the room be demolish in a mad , violent , brawling game , a version of the eton wall - game . bread fly through the air , wine sloshes onto clothes and carpet as servant look on in horror . bullingdon - style high -jink . instinctively , pip can not help but tidy - up a little . drummle watch ... omitted 90 omitted 91 omitted 92 int . hallway , mayfair apartment - day 92a herbert approach , a young woman on he arm ; small , pretty , a little fierce . herbert handel , this be Clara . my beloved fiancee . be not I the lucky one ? clara Herbert , please - pip so pleased to meet you . shall we - and they enter ... int . mayfair apartment — day 93 empty room , high -ceiling and refine , a far cry from barnard Inn . pip , herbert and clara look around . herbert seem a little wary , but pip 's mind be make up . 93a 94 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 53. pip what do you think ? it would be at my expense , of course . herbert look to clara , warily . clara you be a clerk , Herbert pocket . clara sigh , and bustles out . int . mayfair apartment - night 93a but pip have have he way , and they have move in now , half - unpack , a temporary feel . a private house - warming . two barley sister be there , clara 's giggle cousin , a pair of teenage pocket boy , a pair of pocket girl , one of whom be tuning up a fiddle . pip and herbert be roll up the carpet - herbert she 's a fierce little thing , I can not deny it , but what can I do ? I love she , handel , and we can not choose whom we love . pip no , we can not . herbert the thing be to marry she , but you can not marry , not while you be look about you . as soon as I have my capital ... clara gentlemen ! be we ready ? jump CUT to - a dance , a mad galop , herbert and the sister watch admiringly , as pip and clara charge from one end of the room to the other . one of the pocket girl play the fiddle as accompaniment . herbert goodness , pip , whoever teach you to dance ? and pip , woozy and drunk , remember . herbert cut in , sweep clara away . clara no , no more , please - my foot ! pip take a glass of wine , drain it , stagger , hurl the glass into the fireplace . omitted 94 95 96 97 98 99 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) omitted omitted omitted int . jagger office , smithfield - day wemmick open the cash - box once more . 54 . 95 96 97 98 jagger I would like to meet this extravagant finch of yours . pip but why ? jagger tomorrow evening , no ceremony , no dinner dress . shall we say six o'clock ? wemmick , pay he the money . and jagger be go . wemmick count out the money . pip what should I make of he , Mr wemmick ? wemmick he 's a deep one . deep as Australia . do not take it personal Mr pip . it 's professional . only professional . ( take pity ) and if tonight you have nothing better to do , I wonder if you would not mind come home with I to walworth . I have not much to show you but there 's a garden , a summer house , one or two curiosity -— ext . walworth road , london - day 99 wemmick and pip walk together to the village of walworth , a mean , muddy little suburb along the Old Kent Road . wemmick I know what you be think . it 's like live in the country ! ( pip smile politely ) now , here we be — 100 101 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 55 . and now they stand before the strangest house - a small cottage amongst garden and ditch , unremarkable in every respect except that castle 's crenelation have be add to the roof , the window give fake gothic frame , a flagstaff and miniature moat add . the result be absurd , but homely too . wemmick that 's a real flagstaff , and on Sunday I run up a real flag . my own do . look pretty , do not it ? winding a handle , a miniature drawbridge descend . wemmick now let I introduce you to the age P. int . wemmick 's parlour - day 100 in a chair sit a very elderly , very deaf , shrunken old man , grin away as wemmick nod vigorously at he . wemmick well , age parent , how be you ? aged p alright John , all right . wemmick this be Mr pip , age p , not that you can hear a word I be say . nod away at he Mr pip if you do not mind . nod and wink , nod ... and nod ... keep nodd ... one more .. ( as pip nod , he check he fob watch ) nearly time , age p! keep noddin , I '1l heat the poker . ext . roof , wemmick 's house - day 101 wemmick stand - with watch in one hand and red-hot poker in the other - at a small calibre cannon which sit on the wooden battlement . wemmick Mr pip , if you have care to do the honour ? bang ! the house shake , the aged grin and wriggle with glee . wemmick now . who want some salad ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 56 . 102 int . wemmick 's parlour - day 102 they sit down for a simple , pleasant supper . wemmick I be my own plumber , my own gardener , my own carpenter , it 's all mine . we be as proud of it as punch , be not that right , age ? aged p all right , John my boy , very good . pip do Mr jagger admire it ? wemmick never see it , never hear of it , never see the age , never hear of he . when I come into the Castle I leave Mr jagger behind and if it 's not in any way disagreeable , you will oblige I by do the same . pip of course . I quite understand . wemmick though I will give you one piece of advice , Mr pip . when you dine with Mr jagger tomorrow , look at he housekeeper . pip his housekeeper ? why ? wemmick I will say no more here , not here . but mark my word - look at he housekeeper , and see a wild beast tame . 103 int . dine room , jagger 's house , gerrard STREET - night 103 molly the house -keeper stand sentinel in the corner of the room , impervious to the chatter of the finch . pip be fascinate by molly , watch she intently . tall , lithe , nimble , early - forty , there 's something compelling about she , something familiar . the finch complete they absurd ceremony . startop - may the present promotion of good feel ever reign predominant among the noble finch of the Grove ! gentlemen - 104 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 57 . the finch huzzah ! huzzah ! for the finch of the Grove . throughout this , drummle sneer and roll he eye , and jagger see he do so . jagger pip , tell I , who 's the spider ? blotchy , sprawly , sulky fellow . bentley drummle lounge on a chair alone , examine jagger 's glassware with a snobbish eye . pip that 's bentley drummle . the richest young man in England . jagger be he now ? pip own most of derbyshire apparently . jagger bentley drummle , be it ? very promise . jagger cross to drummle , and pip look back to molly . suddenly she return he gaze ; a challenge , startlingly ferocious . disturb , pip look away . int . dine room , jagger 's house , gerrard STREET - night 104 the young man be seat , drunk , boorish and loud , thier sleeve roll - up as pip take on drummle in arm - wrestle . pip , unsurprisingly , win . drummle a fluke . pure chance . startop come , come , bentley , concede defeat , pip beat you fair and square . the finch admit it , drummle ! / Fair 's fair . drummle I be under the impression that the finch be a club for gentleman . I can not be expect to compete against country boy . a tense silence . herbert place a placatory hand on pip 's ; ' do not rise to it ’... great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 58 . pip what do you mean , Mr drummle ? drummle no slight , I assure you . in fact I salute you , kentish pirrip ! ( raise he glass ) you have the arm of a blacksmith ! pip look to jagger , impassive and blank , then stand suddenly . drummle stand too , ready for a fight , but jagger place a hand on he forearm . jagger you talk of strength . if you want to see strength , look at this - molly be serve behind he . in a flash , jagger grab she wrist like the snap of a trap . molly flinch , try to twist away — molly master , do not ! jagger Molly , let they see you wrist ! molly master ! please - jagger both you wrist . show they , Molly . come ! and with resignation , molly obediently show first one , then the other wrist to the table . jagger there 's power there . very few man have the power this woman have . both be horribly scar ; old , deep scar , scratch in the flesh . the bold young man recoil , but molly turn she eye defiantly on they , one - by-one . jagger that will do , Molly . you have be admire , and can go . the room be shocked into silence . jagger gentleman , I have like to propose a toast . Mr drummle , I drink to you ! surprise and flatter , bentley smirk . pip scowl . the toast be drunk . 105 106 107 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 59 . int . dressing room , jagger 's house - night 105 molly deliver the bowl for jagger to wash he hand . a little woozy , pip stand in the doorway . pip I apologise , if anything disagreeable ... jagger pooh ! it 's nothing , pip . I like that spider though . pip do you ? I do not . jagger no , quite right . do not have anything to do with he . keep as clear of he as you can . but I do like the fellow , pip . he have great promise . why , if I be a fortune - teller ... ( he catch pip 's eye ) but I be not a fortune teller . you know what I be , do not you ? goodnight pip. and , disquieted , pip head off . ext . jagger 's house - night 106 pip be leave when he become aware of a presence . molly stand on the street . jagger Molly ! jagger be in the doorway . molly lower she head , and follow he up . the ringing of a bell - int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 107 the bell continue , persistent and shrill , then the sound of voice . violently hungover , a bottle by he bed , pip struggle into consciousness , and see he newly - acquire manservant pepper - impertinent , fourteen year - old - slouching in the doorway . pip pepper , I have tell you , I be not to be wake unless ... pepper someone to see you , sir . 108 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 60 . and awkward , truss up in he Sunday best , joe enter . joe how be you , pip ? int . live room , mayfair apartment — day 108 clutch some sort of iron contraption , joe struggle to take in the grandeur of the bachelor apartment , while pip pull on he clothes and conceal the empty bottle . joe I have bring you a toast fork as a gift , for crumpet and the like - ( brandish the ugly contraption - ) - but it seem you have no need . pip ( take it politely ) it 's perfect , Joe . thank you . pepper tea or coffee , sir ? joe ( shaking pepper 's hand ) tea , sir , if you do not mind . coffee , I find a little ... powerful . ( with a insubordinate smirk , pepper go . ) we two be now alone , Sir ... pip ' Sir 's ? Joe , how can you call I ' sir 's ? there 's a unfortunate lack of patience in pip 's voice . joe we two be now alone , I might tell you my purpose for be here in the abode of a gentleman , which be that I ‘ave have communication from a certain miss a . pip miss a ? joe miss ' avisham . she wish to see you , Sir , on a matter of great import . pip take this in . herbert enter , tidy himself up . pip Joe , this be my good friend Herbert pocket . 109 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 61 . herbert ( more manic hand - shaking ) Mr gargery , I have hear a great deal about you . joe ( flatter ) you have ? but what be there to say ? pip a very great deal . suppose we have a celebration ? int . chop house , farringdon - day 109 pip , herbert and a mystify joe enter . not a restaurant exactly , but a fashionable eat house ; noisy , bustling . pip the finest place in London . the press duck be superb . ( waiter descend ) they know we here ... a waiter take hold of joe 's hat and coat . joe hold on tight , as if be rob . pip place a hand on joe 's arm . joe let go ... jump cut . waiter set dish . joe tuck the napkin in to he shirt collar as the other lay it on they lap . herbert how do you find London , Mr gargery ? joe London ! London - what a place ! what a place ! ' course , I would not keep a pig in it myself ... joe stare helplessly at the array of cutlery . pip indicate discreetly which spoon to use . herbert notice pip pass on the lesson . jump CUT to later . joe , a little drunk and garrulous now , be mop up he gravy with a hunk of bread , as pip look on , uncomfortable . joe -..and biddy 's ever right and ready , a teacher now , and a fine one too . she send she regards to you ... herbert Mr gargery - more wine ? joe pause to empty from he glass . before pip know what he 's say - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 62 . pip Joe , there 's really no need to be so conscientious in empty you glass . the rim should never touch you nose , Joe . and joe lower the glass , and attempt a smile . pip be mortify , but it 's too late . the damage be do . herbert gentlemen , if you 'il excuse I ... sense the discomfort , he leave . a silence , then - joe ( with false brightness ) well , business conclude , I ’11l be off ! fluster , he reach into he pocket for he purse . pip you be go now ? joe yes I be . pip put you money away , Joe . joe no , I insist .. pip you will not stay the night ? joe no , I will not . ( sorting through coin ) now , I have five bob here ... pip for God 's sake , put you money away ! his voice be too loud . people be stare . a terrible moment , as joe put he money away . ext . STREET , chop house - day 110 pip follow joe out into the street . pip at least let I walk you to the coach - joe I ' 1ll find my way . 112 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 63. pip but we have barely speak , Joe ! I wish to show you some sight - joe turn . with great dignity . joe pip , dear old chap , life be make of ever so many parting weld together . division must come and be meet as they come . if there 's be any fault today , it 's mine ... pip no , Joe , it 's ... joe you and I be not two figure to be together in London . it be not that I be proud , but that I want thing to be right , and you shall see I no more in this clothes . I be wrong in this clothes , I be wrong out of the forge , the kitchen or the marsh . come sometime and put you head in at the forge window and see Joe the blacksmith , and what lark we shall have ! but here , pip , here I be most awful dull . ( as he go ) God bless you , dear old pip , old chap . God bless you ! and he walk away , into the crowd . pip stand , stricken with guilt and regret as the crowd swallow he up . ext . satis house - day 111 the matter still hang heavy with pip the next day as he approach satis house a figure approach - miss sarah pocket , still grim -face with contempt . she open the door - sarah pocket you know the way . int . master bedroom , satis house - day 112 miss havisham be in she usual place at the dress table . miss havisham come in , pip ! how do you do , pip ! you kiss my hand as if I be a queen , eh ? pip you wish to see I ? 113 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 64 . but miss havisham be stare over he shoulder , gesture with she eye . pip follow she gaze , and see ; out of the darkness step estella , all grow - up now . startlingly beautiful and womanly . ext . garden , satis house - day 113 the garden be little change since pip and estella play there as child . estella I be to be send to London . I be to go on show - myself and the jewel . pip do you wish to go on show ? estella why ask ? we have no choice , you and I , but to obey instruction . they be at the old brewery ; the site of young pip and herbert 's fight all that year ago . estella step across the barrel - a echo of the past . for a moment , some of that old girlishness return . estella I watch you , you know . that day , fight for my honour . I must have be a strange little creature to hide and watch , but I do . I enjoy it very much . pip you reward I very much . estella do i? pip you kiss I . she regards he for a moment . not unkindly ; estella poor pip . you imagine yourself a young knight from a child 's story , tear away the cobweb and thorns , let in the sunshine . marry the princess . but you must know , pip -— ( a confidence ) - I have no heart . pip I do not believe it . how can there be beauty without a heart ? 114 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 65 . estella oh , I have a heart to be stab in or shot in , and if it cease to beat I should cease to be . ( she take he hand , place it over she heart ) but I have no softness there , no sympathy . sentiment . nonsense . I have be make that way . ( pip be about to speak ) I be serious , pip . if we be to be throw together you must believe I . for both we sake . pip I be sorry , I cannot . I will not . estella ( a moment . ) very well . it be say at any rate . come , miss havisham will be expect you at you old post . and she walk towards the house , pip follow on , he eye fix on she extraordinary beauty . int . great hall , satis house - day 114 miss havisham whisper in pip 's ear . a voice - miss havisham be she beautiful , graceful , well - grow ? do you admire she ? pip of course . miss havisham then love she , love she , pip . if she favour you , love she , if she wound you , love she , if she tear you heart to piece - as it get older , it will tear deeper - love she , love she , love she ... ( she arm be round he neck , pull he in -) I adopt she to be love , breed she , educate she , develop she into what she be that she might be love . you know what love be , pip ? blind devotion , self - humiliation , degradation , utter submission , give up you heart and soul to the smiter as I do to that man ... jagger miss havisham ! 115a 116a great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 66 . the lawyer stand in the doorway , estella a little behind he , breathless , disturb . jagger that be enough excitement for one day . pip , you be request to escort estella to London tomorrow morning . I suggest a early night . miss havisham , shall we take a trip ? once round ? and jagger begin to push miss havisham on one of she circuit of the wedding banquet . pip and estella share one last look . ext . gargery house - dusk 115 a pip approach the forge . he must apologise . omitted 116 int . forge , gargery house - dusk 116a joe be back , hard at work , he back to the door . pip watch for a moment . about to speak - but what could he possibly say ? unseen , he slip away without a word . ext . country lane -— dawn 117 next morning , and they carriage hurtle towards London . in she furred travel dress , estella be more beautiful than ever , and as pip drink she in , she lean out of the window , feel the sun and breeze on she face . exhilaration , a escape - ext . brandley house , richmond GREEN - day 118 estella 's luggage be unload at the door of the fine house of she chaperone , mrs brandley and she daughter miss brandley . estella Mrs brandley be to be pay a large sum of money to introduce I to society . the jewel and I . we be to be show to people and people be to be show to we . pip May I come and see you ? great expectation ( page 10/ 12 ) 67 . estella of course . miss havisham expect it . pip and may I kiss you again ? she think a moment . then step back and , in the shadow of the coach , offer up she cheek . pip kiss she , then search she face for some response . impassive , emotionless . nothing . estella Goodbye , pip. ext . london STREET - night 119 pip I love she , Herbert . I adore she . pip and herbert , a little drunk and sentimental . herbert you have always adore she . you bring you adoration and you luggage here together . pip if I adore she then , I adore she twice as much now . herbert lucky for you then , that you be pick out for she . ( pip look to he ) how can it be otherwise ? ( a deep breath -) May I say something , handel ? something disagreeable . be you ready ? one-two - three ... forget she ! detach yourself from she . think of she upbringing and of miss havisham , know that she will never change and only misery can come of loving she . forget estella . pip I can not . herbert you can not try ? pip it 's impossible . herbert well then . another drink ?. 120 121 121a 121b great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 68. int . jagger office , smithfield - day 120 hungover , pip look on as wemmick unlock the cash - box once more . jagger I see bill from vintner , bill from jeweller , bookmaker . I expect you to go wrong , Mr pip , but really you be excell yourself . pip I 'il endeavour to show more restraint - jagger do as you will , it be no business of mine . wemmick , give Mr pip the money he require . now if you will excuse I ... and he head off to he office . as he open the door , pip glimpsis a figure ; bentley drummle . jagger shake he hand warmly . drummle catch pip 's eye - a insolent grin . the door be close on pip - omitted 121 omitted 121a omitted 121b 122 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 69 . int . ball , richmond - night 122 slop wine glass clash together . a dining room , heavy with cigar smoke , pack with drunken , bellicose young man in evening dress . the finch huzzah ! huzzah ! for the finch of the Grove ! startop and the lady that they sigh for ! rowdy jeer and leer . pip , lose in drink , be barely listen . drummle watch , stand coolly , eye on pip . drummle I would like to raise a glass to a lady of my acquaintance , a lady of Richmond , a peerless beauty , miss estella havisham ! the finch miss estella havisham ! pip wake up , struggle to he foot . pip I know that lady - drummle do you ? oh , Lord ! pip - and you know nothing of she . drummle on the contrary , I have have the pleasure of dance with she . several time - pip you lie ! consternation from the fellow finch . herbert steady now , handel . drummle indeed . then perhaps you might care to follow I . and with a scrape of chair the finch rise and follow drummle , through dining room door ... 123 124 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 70 . int . staircase , ball , richmond - night spoil for a fight , the finch storm down the staircase into - int . ballroom , assembly room , richmond - night 123 a grand society ball be in full swing . the room be pack with young London 's brightest and finest . but none be more strike , more beautiful and startling than estella . she stand amidst a pack of love - lorn suitor ; handsome , high -society man . the finch storm in and , sense trouble , the crowd part . estella catch swagger drummle 's eye , and offer up a radiant smile . then she see pip . they eye lock , and for a fleeting moment , there 's a look of startling sadness and regret in estella 's eye - then it be go , and once again she be beautiful , cold , invulnerable . she take drummle 's hand . drummle a waltz ! the music begin , and estella and drummle start to dance . all this be observe by jagger , dispassionately observe the resolution of a plan . pip can take no more . devastate , he flee . estella spot this , stop dance abruptly and go to follow - - but drummle 's meaty hand grasp she bare arm . drummle the dance be not yet over . the other dancers see this confrontation . estella remove you hand , sir . they eye lock - a challenge . estella be unflinch . drummle concede . estella depart , leave she would - be lover stand alone , humiliate . jagger , watch , smile . omitted , incorporated into sc . 123 . 124 125 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 71 . ext . balcony , assembly room , richmond - night 125 a verandah overlook the Thames . alone , pip contemplate the view and he own misery , when ; estella oh , pip , pip . will you never take warning ? he turn . bejewel , silhouett in the doorway in she ball - gown , she look more beautiful than ever before . pip how can you do it , estella ? estella what ? pip give you affection to that man . estella all sort of ugly creature hover about a light candle . can the candle help it ? pip no , but you can . estella perhaps . if I care . pip but you must care ! to encourage a man as despise , as addle - head and unworthy and boorish as bentley drummle , a man who have nothing to recommend he except money ... estella pip , do not let it affect you so . pip I can not help it ! to give that man the look and smile you never give to I ... estella do you want I to deceive you ? pip do you deceive he ? estella yes ! yes , he and many , many other man . I deceive all of they but you . pip then why be I to be spare ? 126 127 128 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 72 . estella oh , pip . why do you think ? a moment . the music from the ballroom can still be hear and , without speak , estella cross to pip and take he hand . nervously , pip place he other hand on estella 's waist . a breathless , intimate moment , they face close as they dance . then a voice - jagger Lovely evening , be not it ? a storm later . so they say . estella - Mr drummle require you presence . ( estella hesitates ) urgently . ( she leave ) you should hurry home , pip . pip I think ... I be lead to believe ... jagger dangerous to presume anything , pip . and he leave pip in he agony . over the Thames , a crackle of thunder ... ext . mayfair apartment - night 126 pip hurry home from the ball . it 's a wild , wet and stormy night , and it 's all pip can do to unlock the door and stumble into the apartment building . int . mayfair apartment - night 127 pip enter he room , and hesitates -— pip Herbert ? you be back early ! hello ? a noise from the stair . pip head back - int . stairwell , mayfair apartment - night 128 pip peer down the stairwell , as a cloak figure hurry downward into the darkness - pip hello ! hello , who 's there ? no reply . he turn , return to he apartment and - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 72a . 129 int . mayfair apartment - night 129 - in a echo of the graveyard scene , a figure loom up behind pip , step towards he , arm outstretch . pip shout out - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 73 . pip ( cont ’d ) magwitch who be you ?! what be I startle you ! you ... pip magwitch what do you want ?! how do forgive I , master , I you get in here ? do not mean to startle you . pip get away from I ! pip look to the door , and magwitch brace himself , dangerous now - magwitch who 's there ? pip no-one . magwitch this here ' erbert - ? pip at he parent . away till tomorrow . magwitch sit . sit and give we half a minute . nervously pip sit opposite the stranger . he take in the face of the man , wet and exhaust , watch as he reach over and take pip 's hand , and kiss they with startling humility . and pip remember . the convict . pip good God - magwitch you act noble , my boy . Noble , pip , and I have never forget it . pip if you be grateful for I for what I do as a boy , if you have come to thank I , it 's not necessary . but you must understand ... magwitch what must I understand ? pip that I can not renew we acquaintance . my life have change since then . I be glad that you be well and that you have repent . but really , you must go . please , go , now . magwitch take this in . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 74 . magwitch how about a drink first ? 130 int . mayfair apartment - night 130 magwitch pour rum into glass . pip how have you be live ? magwitch a sheep farmer , stock breeder , in the New World , many a thousand mile off . pip you have do well ? magwitch I have do wonderful well . seem you have do well too . magwitch take in the apartment . pip I have , thank you , and I would like , if I may , to give you this gift - ( his pocket book - ) a token . for old time . before you go . here — and he hold out a one pound note to the convict . magwitch regards the money for a second ; not insulted , just a little amused . he fold the money lengthwise , give it a twist , hold it to the candle . as he watch it burn - magwitch might a varmint make so bold as to ask you how you have do well , since we be on that marsh ? pip I have come into some property . magwitch and might a varmint ask whose property ? pip I can not say she name . there be condition . magwitch condition . hm. could I make a guess as to you income ? might the first figure be ...5 ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 75 . and a terrible truth start to dawn for pip . in a great rush - magwitch and a guardian , you will have have a guardian , a lawyer maybe , with a name beginning with a ... j? ( pip stumble to the door ) a ' j’ perhaps who might have send I you address when I land in Portsmouth ? a Mr jagger p'rap ? ( and magwitch be upon he , embrace he ) yes dear boy , I have make a gentleman of you ! I swore that time as sure as I ever earn a guinea , that guinea should go to you . I live rough so that you should live smooth , I work hard that you should be above work . and when the blood horse of they colonist kick up dirt in my face , and they call I a convict , a common fellow , I say to myself ' I be make a better gentleman than you will ever be 's ( tear in he eye now - ) and pip - you be he ! I make you ! I be you father , pip . pip you be not my father ! magwitch you second father then , and you be my son , no , more to I than any son ! ( his hand be on pip 's face now , drink in the sight of he ) look at you , dear boy ! look at this lodging , fit for a lord , and this watch and this ring and you linen and you clothes . and you book too , hundred of they ! read ‘em all , have you ? you shall read ’em to I , dear boy , and I shall be so proud to think that I be the maker of such a man ! and magwitch 's arm be once again around he ' son , a son who feel nothing but fear and repulsion for this man . 131 int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - night 131 Dawn be break as magwitch lie in clean white linen , take in he boy . 132 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 76 . magwitch how good - look you have grow . be not there bright eye somewhere wot you love to think on ? ( pip nod . magwitch whisper ) then she eye shall be yours too , dear boy , if money can buy ‘em . ( pip try a smile ) now I must sleep , long and sound . a long time since I sleep . you will keep a watch , my boy ? pip I will . magwitch because , look here , caution be necessary . I be send for life . it 's death to come back . I should be hang if take . pip you risk you life to come to I ? magwitch that 's right , dear boy . pip but I do not even know you name . magwitch magwitch . abel magwitch . and now , I think that I will sleep . and he close he eye , and be almost instantly asleep . int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 132 Morning come . pip sit in the same spot , watch over the sleep convict , take in he coarse feature , the crease , scar face , the powerful , tattooe hand - he ' father 's . on the bedside table a jack - knife lie , huge and sinister , its blade expose , ready for use . on the mantelpiece , tightly - bound roll of cash , high denomination note , more money than pip have ever imagine . pip hold one in he hand . sunlight be on the pillow ; magwitch stir . pip return the money to the pile , cross to the curtain , and be about to pull it shut - outside , in the park , a silhouett figure in the dawn light . tall , thin , sinister , he stare implacably at the window . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 77 . pip pull the curtain close . 133 int . jagger 's office , smithfield - day 133 pip storm past wemmick into jagger 's office , to find he guardian on he foot , uncharacteristically defensive . jagger now , pip , be careful , be very careful ... pip be it true ? jagger and do not commit yourself , do not tell I anything I do not want to know ... pip be what I have be tell true ? jagger ' told 's imply verbal communication , you can not have verbal communication with a man in New South Wale . ( wemmick loiter ) wemmick , the door . wemmick pull the door close , and take a seat . pip I be lead to believe - jagger - nothing , pip . you believe what you choose to believe . I be not responsible for that . now , have a uncle stay with you at present , be that right ? ( pip nod ) perhaps you might buy he some new clothes and advise he to reside in you room as much as possible . perhaps you uncle might cut he hair . in the meantime - ( - a piece of paper -) - in write to the gentleman in New South Wale , you might give he this . the balance of we account . my service be at a end . good day , Mr pip . but pip do not move . with measure fury - pip all that time , in satis House I be just a mechanical heart to practice on . estella be never mean for I at all . and you , my ' guardian 's , have know this all along . 134 135 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 78 . wemmick clear he throat - a look to jagger . jagger well , I suppose you might as well hear it from I as anyone . the spider have play he hand , pip . ext . satis house - day 134 pip , on horseback this time , arrive breathless and agitate at satis House . he ride up to the front gate , dismount , pull urgently at the bell . a figure saunter towards the gate with a arrogant swagger . bentley drummle , a supercilious grin plaster all over he face . drummle can I help you ? pip open this gate , drummle , or I swear ... drummle why , it 's the ' smithie 's boy ! do not lose you temper , ' smithie 's boy . seem to I you have lose quite enough already ... and he open the gate . pip barge past he , drummle 's mock laughter ringing out behind he . int . master bedroom , satis house - day 135 miss havisham and estella be in they usual place , the old lady petting the beautiful girl who , nevertheless , seem to carry a extra weight of sadness with she today . miss havisham pip ! what wind have blow you - pip enough ! estella look up , startle at pip 's defiance . yes , there be something of the knight - of - old about pip this time . pip what I have to say to estella I will say before you . but miss havisham ; when you first take I from my home , I come as a kind of servant , to gratify a whim and be pay for it . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 79 . miss havisham ay , pip - pip and when I fall into my mistake , of imagine that you be my benefactor - miss havisham - I let you go on . pip be that ... kind ? miss havisham kind ! ( with real rage ) who be I , for God 's sake , to be kind ? it amused I , do you hear ? to punish my relation . you be adequately pay I believe . what else do you want , pip ? and now pip gather himself , and turn to estella . pip estella , you know I love you , have love you ever since I first see you in this house . foolishly I have hope that miss havisham have mean we for each other . clearly the idea be absurd , and I hope miss havisham will take what pleasure she can from know that I be as unhappy as she ever mean I to be . miss havisham flinch , put she hand to she chest . estella stand , speak in that steady voice of hers . a beat . estella it seem this be sentiment , emotion , that I be not able to comprehend . when you say you ' love I 's , I understand it as a form of word - ( she heart -) - but it touch nothing here . pip I do not believe you . estella do I not warn you ? pip yes . estella do you think I do not mean it ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 80 . pip no . it be not natural - estella ( a flash of anger ) it be natural in I ! pip and yet still I love you . I know that I nil never call you mine , estella , but still I love you and beg you - do not marry bentley drummle . someone else , anyone , but not that brute ... estella too late . a beat . estella look to miss havisham , then back to pip . estella it 's too late . I be go to marry he . the preparation be already under way . pip you can not let miss havisham ... estella it be my own act . miss havisham have urge I to wait , to reconsider - she look to miss havisham , who look away with what might well be shame . with a defeat shrug - estella - but I be tired of my life . we will do well enough ! ( she hold out she hand ) give I you hand . ( he do so . there be tear in both they eye . a whisper ) be happy , pip . this will pass in time . i‘1l be out of you thought in a week . pip out of my thought ? you be part of my existence , part of I . you be in every think , in every line I have ever read since I first come here . you be in the river , the sail of ship , the marsh , the cloud , the sea , the stone of London . until the last hour of my life you will remain in I , part of the little good , part of the evil . ( he face next to hers ) and I will always think of the good . ( a kiss ) Goodbye . God bless you . 136 137 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 81 . pip be about to walk from the room , when - miss havisham so proud , so hard . and , with startling ferocity , estella turn on she . estella I be what you make I ! ( eye blaze ) you be my mother , and yet I have never see you face by daylight . since I be a baby you teach I that be no such thing as daylight , that it have blight you and would blight I too , if I let it . well , I be what you make I . this be what you have make I ! miss havisham sit rigid , terrify beneath estella 's gaze . pip speak , break the spell . pip estella - come with I now . a moment , and estella turn and walk towards he . but she step slow and stop . miss havisham be weep , whimper in she chair , pathetic , never more alone . pip hold out he hand to estella . her choice - but it 's no good . it 's too late . she look back - and she return to miss havisham , place she head in she lap once more , in that same mechanical movement . pip watch the strange scene for a moment , then close the door . ext . wemmick 's house - day 136 the castle drawbridge descend , and wemmick stand in he nightshirt , take in the dishevel , confuse pip . wemmick Mr pip , step inside sir , please - int . wemmick 's parlour , walworth - day 137 as the aged p nod away - 138 139 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 82. pip I would like to help Mr pocket . he have be a loyal and decent friend and I have like to use the money that remain to do one good thing . I have like to purchase a position for he . without he knowledge . wemmick allow for debt , which be considerable I might add , that 's five hundred pound , sir . all invest in a friend ? pip every last penny . what be you advice ? wemmick well , if I be in the Office , sir , I would suggest that you should take the five hundred pound , choose you bridge - there be six to choose from up as high as chelsea reach - and throw the money off it . you ’1ll lose it just the same , but it will be quick . that be my sentiment , in the office . pip but you home sentiment , you walworth sentiment ? wemmick my walworth sentiment would be - I '11 see what I can do . ai not that right , age p ? aged p yes , John , my boy . and pip watch as the father and son nod and wink , nod and wink . ext . mayfair apartment - night 138 it 's very late now as pip return . he look anxiously up at the window of he apartment . he have be away too long - he must hurry . int . mayfair apartment - night 139 he rush into the room , and hear a faint knock , a muffle moan , a whisper . tentatively , he walk down the hall and discover - herbert , hold high against the wall , he heel kick the floor , magwitch 's big hand cover he mouth , the jack - knife in the other . terror in herbert 's eye - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 83 . 140 ext . balcony , mayfair apartment - night 140 pip and herbert sit in they usual spot , herbert drink a medicinal brandy with a tremulous hand . pip he wish to buy we a house ! in hyde Park ! a coach , horse ... herbert can not you ... accept ? pip how can i? 141 int . live room , mayfair apartment - continuous 141 magwitch be listen in ; thoughtful , sad . pip ( 0.s. ) I have see he try to murder a man . he might have murder you - herbert ( 0.s. ) and yet he risk he life to find you . pip ( 0.s . ) he say ... he say I be the son he never have . magwitch frown . the contempt in pip 's voice be plain to hear . 142 ext . balcony , mayfair apartment - night 142 pip ... the idea appal I , Herbert , but even so , he must not be capture , not on my behalf . he stop speak . magwitch be there . magwitch gentlemen - 143 int . live room , mayfair apartment - night 143 magwitch now , dear boy , and pip 's comrade , I be not go to tell you my life like a song or story - book , but to give it to you short and handy . in jail and out of jail , in jail , out of jail . that 's my life - until I meet my boy here . ( a proud look ) ( more ) 144 145 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 84 . magwitch ( cont 'd ) I have be do everything to except hang . I have tramped and begge and thieve and poach , anything that do not pay and lead to trouble . and then a matter over twenty year ago , when I be out of money and out of luck - not that I have be in it much - I meet a man . at epsom race . his name be compeyson and if I have he here I have crack he skull like the claw of a lobster . herbert start . magwitch look to he . herbert compeyson ? magwitch compeyson . herbert I be sorry . go on . int . tavern - night ( flashback ) 144 in the corner sit compeyson , good-look , saturnine . magwitch a gentleman be compeyson , a smooth one , and good - look too , go to board school . he and he missus have a plan ... cling to he arm be he wife , mrs compeyson , beautiful , elegant , dark . magwitch and another unseen man listen in . magwitch ( v.o. ) ... involve the defraud of a certain lady by she half - brother ... reveal the other man be arthur havisham . int . ballroom , satis house - day ( flashback ) 145 a wedding cake . extravagant , ornate , it stand as the centre-piece of a long banquet table in a elegant , light - fill room . magwitch ( v.o. ) be not much of a plan to my mind , but I play my part in a small way ... servant buzz around the table in preparation for the wedding feast . life , activity everywhere . the messenger walk past all this , as before - 146 147 148 149 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 85 . magwitch ( v.o. ) I play my part , though I can not say I be proud of it ... - only now reveal the carrier of the letter to be magwitch . ext . satis house - day ( flashback ) 146 watch from a carriage at the end of the drive , compeyson and mrs compeyson . magwitch join they . compeyson well do , abel . from satis House , a terrible scream . magwitch , uncomfortable , ashamed . magwitch ( v.o . ) oh , for a while , there be money . a whole lot of money , and we betted and game and drank we way through it ... int . lodging house , london - day ( flashback ) 147 a squalid rent room . arthur lie shiver on the filthy mattress . magwitch ( v.o. ) +..’ till one of we number go to the bad , turn to drink , opium , lose he mind ... c.u. on arthur havisham as he take a deep breath , close he eye , mumble something - arthur havisham forgive I . - and drop out of sight . int . mayfair apartment - night 148 on magwitch , a haunt look in he eye as he recall . magwitch bad conscience , I s’pose . ext . alleyway , smithfield ( flashback ) 149 arthur havisham hang dead from a home - make noose . 150 151 152 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 86 . magwitch ( v.o. ) ' course conscience be not summat that would trouble compeyson . cold as death he be . reveal compeyson , mrs compeyson and magwitch regard the dangle corpse . compeyson cut he down , abel . int . sitting room , mayfair apartment —- night 150 magwitch that be a dark time , the time wi’ compeyson . always in debt to he , always under he thumb , always work , always a- get into danger , for year and year , until I be he black slave . he be young than I , but he have get craft and he would get learn . I have a missis at that time - pip you be marry ? magwitch ( he hesitates ) no matter . the short of it be . we get commit for felony , put forge note into circulation . ' Separate defence , 's compeyson say , ' no communication 's . int . court room - day ( flashback ) 151 in the dock stand magwitch , a forlorn sight . magwitch ( v.o. ) I sell everything , all but the clothes on my back , so I could get jagger ... as jagger hold forth , magwitch 's eye drift up to the public gallery , where a baby cry . mrs magwitch greatly upset , press she face to the weep child . we do not see her face yet . magwitch ( v.o . ) --.- for all the good it do I . int . court room - day ( flashback ) 152 compeyson in the dock ; well - dress , penitent , respectable as he lawyer hold forth . 153 154 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 87 . magwitch ( v.o . ) say the counsellor for compeyson , be not he the young and well bring - up and of a good school ? be not he a gentleman ? jump cut ; the judge be speak now . judge magwitch ( v.0 ) abel magwitch , you have , and when the verdict come almost since you infancy , war not it compeyson as be be a offender against recommend to mercy on we law despite repeat account of good character imprisonment and and bad company and all the punishment . give you damn '' lie he give up persistence and you malign against I and war not it I influence on you gentleman as get never a word but accomplice here , I have no guilty , guilty , guilty ! choice but to find you guilty on all charge and to sentence you to fourteen year imprisonment ... as the judge pronounce the sentence magwitch fly at compeyson , who grin back , maddeningly , infuriatingly as magwitch be drag from the dock by the turnkey . one last look to the gallery . mrs magwitch , face obscure , hold up the baby . it 's the last thing magwitch see before he 's drag into blackness . int . sitting room , mayfair apartment - night 153 a shake magwitch wipe he brow , and gather himself . pip for how long - ? magwitch fourteen year . he get seven . then five year on , he turn up on my prison ship . I swore to the Lord I have smash he face in , and I do - ext . prison hulk - day ( flashback ) 154 a blow strike convict compeyson full in the face . the deck of the hulk act as a exercise yard for the desolate prisoner , who stand now , shouting and jeer , as magwitch assault a terrify compeyson . a lash of he chain slashes compeyson 's cheek , and now the chain be round he neck . compeyson be in he grasp - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 87a . a guard draw a pistol , another a rifle . magwitch and he hostage back away . magwitch 's back be against the bulwark . the guard raise they gun ... a moment . then with a push of he powerful leg , magwitch pitch backwards , drag he hostage with he . they tumble towards the black Thames far below - 155 156 157 great expectation ( page ext . underwater - day ( flashback ) magwitch peer through the gloom of grapeshot break the surface as the glimpse of compeyson , eye bulg , darkness ... 10/12 ) 88 . 155 the dank water . guard open fire . a sink away into the int . sitting room , mayfair apartment —- night 156 magwitch think , hope , that he have drown I swim to the shore and be hide among the grave there , envy that that be in ‘em - ( he take pip 's hand ) - when my boy here find I . my boy . pip finally speak . pip be he dead ? magwitch who ? pip compeyson . magwitch he will wish I be , if he 's alive . and he 'il wish he be , if I find he . pip and the lady he defraud . her name be - magwitch ' avisham . miss ' avisham . int . mayfair apartment - day 157 the next morning . magwitch sit in front of a mirror , a towel drape around he shoulder , as pip cut he long grey hair , still wary , but with a new sympathy . pip I be think , perhaps , we might take a trip abroad . until we can be safe here . magwitch together ? pip of course . be sure that it 158 159 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 89 . magwitch reach up and take the hand that hold the scissors . magwitch the idea do not ' appal 's you ? and pip realise that he must have be overhear . pip of course not . a beat , and the haircut continue . ext . soho - day 158 a black - clad figure march through the crowd . his collar be raise , though not so far as to disguise a livid red scar on he sallow cheek . compeyson . he 's in pursuit of - pip , push through the morning crowd , glance behind he as he go . anxious , troubled , pip arrive at jagger 's home . the door be open by molly . int . dressing room , jagger 's office - day 159 jagger stand at the basin , wash he hand with more than usual thoroughness . pip I need you to tell I about compeyson . without turn round , jagger be still , just for a minute , before regain he composure . he dry he hand . jagger compeyson . yes , I remember a compeyson . clever fellow . dangerous . pip and be he still alive ? jagger to my knowledge , yes he be . ( he turn to pip ) I do the best that I could by you friend . the penalty for pass steal note be life . he be lucky to get fourteen year . pip ' lucky '! great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 90 . jagger as to compeyson , I would strongly advise you uncle to pack he bag . if he 's find , he will hang , and it 's safe to presume that Mr compeyson do not wish he well ... and jagger freeze . someone have enter the room . molly stand shaking , a terrible mania in she wide eye . molly he 's back . abel 's come back . you tell I he have never come back . jagger calm now , Molly - molly he must not find out , ever . poor , poor abel . what do you make I do ! it be wick , wick - jagger abel will not find out , I 'il make sure of it . do not I swear to you he would never - she 's on jagger now - molly you swore that she have be safe ! you swore she would have a brand new life and now he 's back and compeyson too . that man will kill I if he find I ... jagger shhh , now , that 's enough . no - one will ever find you , or she . she 's safe , no - one can touch she now , you have my word . molly you word ! damn you soul , jagger , damn it to hell ! and all of a sudden all the strength go out of molly , and she fall to the floor , weep . pip look on at the strange sight , and a terrible truth dawns . jagger look to he , shake . no choice now but to tell the story . 160 ext . coach - dusk 160 a private coach head through the countryside at great speed . 161 162 163 164 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 91 . int . coach - day 161 the darken coach have something of the air of a confessional . c.u. of a visibly shake jagger . jagger magwitch and Molly have a child . a girl . a pretty thing . int . court room - day ( flashback ) 162 magwitch be drag down into jail , steal one last glimpse of the baby , be hold aloft to he by the weeping woman - molly . jagger ( v.o. ) but Molly be a fierce one , wild and passionate like she husband , and not a girl to let injustice go unpunish . it 's the last time magwitch will ever see he child . int . boarding house - night ( flashback ) 163 a figure watch as mrs compeyson sleep comfortably in she bed . but something make she stir . she open she eye and see ; molly magwitch . before she can scream , molly 's hand be around she neck . mrs compeyson 's hand claw at molly 's arm , the nail digging deep into she attacker 's wrist - the source of the scar . but she attacker be too strong . mrs compeyson 's eye bulge in she head , she tongue swell horribly in she mouth . molly watch this , implacable , cold . and soon mrs compeyson lie dead . int . coach - day 164 jagger a terrible crime , cold - blooded and ruthless . assume of course that Molly do it . pip and do she ? jagger to be guilty and to be find guilty be not the same thing at all . ( more ) great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 92 . jagger ( cont 'd ) ( a deep breath ; almost a confession ) put the case that a woman , accuse of murder , come to she legal adviser , and put the case that this same legal adviser hold a trust to find a child for a eccentric rich lady to adopt and bring up . put the case that he live in a atmosphere of evil where child be generate in great number for certain destruction , habitually whipped , imprison , transport , neglect , abuse in way that you can hardly imagine . put the case that there be one pretty little child out of the heap who could be save . put the case that the legal adviser say to the mother - 165 int . jagger 's office , smithfield - night ( flashback ) 165 late at night , jagger interrogates the weep molly . jagger give the child into my hand , and I will do my best to get you off . if you be save , you child be save ; if you be lose , you child be save too . jagger speak in the moment now , whisper in she ear . and molly make she decision . 166 int . coach - day 166 pip and the child be you fee ? ( jagger say nothing ) and what of magwitch ? jagger the father be tell ... pip say he name ! jagger magwitch be tell that he child be dead . Consumption . ( pip regards jagger with utter contempt ) put the case that the child be now safe . wealthy . soon to be marry to one of the richest man in England . pip and one of the vilest . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 93. jagger estella be not the spider 's reward . estella be he punishment . pip and you arrange it . jagger as instruct by my client . only as instruct . the coach come to a halt . pip and what do miss havisham want with the child ? jagger that - ( open the coach door ) - you must ask she yourself . reveal - 166a ext . satis house - day 166a satis House stand before pip , gloomier than ever . pip step down from the coach and approach the house . 167 omitted 167 168 omitted and incorporated into 166 168 169 ext . satis house - night ( flashback ) 169 the exact spot , sixteen year before . jagger step down from the coach and approach . he carry a bundle in he arm . a three year - old child , beautiful - the infant estella . 170 int . staircase , satis house - day - ( present ) 170 pip climb the gloomy staircase . 171 int . staircase , satis house - night ( flashback ) 171 the infant estella step climb the gloomy staircase , she tiny hand in jagger 's well - manicure fist . 172 173 174 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 94 , int . hallway / ballroom , satis house - day - ( present ) 172 pip stand at the door to miss havisham 's room . he push at the door and - int . ballroom , satis house - night - ( flashback ) 173 miss havisham , some sixteen year young than in the present , be seat at she place at the bridal banquet . a fire throw strange shadow onto the wall . alone in this black - out room , with the strange veile figure all in white , the infant estella be terrify . she glance towards the banquet , already moulder and corrupt after six year of decay . infant estella look to jagger for aid , but he be already step backwards towards the door . he look shake . and now the woman in white be hold out she hand . a glimpse of she face beneath the veil . miss havisham come nearer . do not be frighten - ( estella step forward ) come nearer . let I look at you - in voice - over , we hear ... miss havisham ( v.o. ) I want a little girl , to rear and to love and save from my fate . one night he bring she here and I call she - miss havisham estella . miss havisham ( v.o. ) oh , pip , she be so gentle , so beautiful . and the infant estella move towards the outstretch hand . int . ballroom , satis house - day - ( present ) 174 back in the present , miss havisham lean forward , speak in a urgent whisper . a fire throw strange shadow on the wall - miss havisham pip , my dear , believe this : when she first come to I I mean to save she from misery like my own - 175 176 177 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 95 . int . ballroom , satis house - night ( flashback ) 175 the infant estella reach she tiny hand out to miss havisham . behind she veil , miss havisham smile . int . ballroom , satis house - day 176 miss havisham ...- but as she grow more beautiful , I gradually do worse , and with my praise and my jewel and my teaching , I steal she heart away and put ice in its place ! ( pip have have enough . he walk away ) oh pip , be you very unhappy ? do you hate I very much ? I know that you must hate I , but if you can ever bear to forgive I , pip ... she follow he . but the long train of miss havisham 's wedding dress be uncoil behind she , knock a table . a candle fall , ignite the desiccate material . it burn , the flame catch with startling speed , burn through the dress like a fuse . and now miss havisham become aware of the flame behind she , writhe as they catch the dry silk and organza and lace , the flame burn around she as she scream and grab the table - cloth . the rotting wedding - cake , the glass and crockery , the rat and beetle and spider , fall to the floor . helplessly , pip swat at the flame , burn he hand , then grab the curtain , tear they down , the dawn light pour in , rat and spider flee the light . he wrap the fabric round miss havisham , hold she tight until the flame be extinguish . the wedding - cake lie shattered on the floor . and now jagger burst into the smoke- fill room . ash float in the air like confetti , and pip sit and cradle miss havisham as she lie , freeze in shock , she breath come in short burst . int . bedroom , satis house - day 177 pip sit in miss havisham 's old chair as jagger carefully bandage he burnt hand . in a low voice , all swagger go ; jagger I do not deny that there have be .. too many secret . but who do the truth serve ? ( more ) 178 179 180 great expectation ( page 10 / 12 ) 96 . jagger ( cont 'd ) if she be to discover that she father be a convict , she mother a murderess ? would she thank you , do you think ? int . master bedroom , satis house - day 178 miss havisham lie in she room . a surreal sight , she have be wrap entirely in cotton wool and bandage , a strange mummy - like creature , only she face expose . her thin lip mutter the same word over and over again . pip approach to hear better . her incantation ; miss havisham .-.- forgive I forgive I forgive I forgive I forgive I ... pip bend and gently kiss she hairline . still the incantation do not stop . pip walk away , never to return . ext . mayfair apartment . day 179 his burnt hand bandage , pale and deprive of sleep , pip head back to he mayfair apartment . he be walk across the courtyard when a voice call out to he ; the porter . porter Sir ! a note for you . most important the gentleman say . pip take the note . it read ; don ’t go home . W. pip glance towards the apartment . sure enough , two figure stand menacingly by the door . they meet he gaze . plain-clothes policeman ? criminal ? pip do not wait to find out . stepping backwards , he turn and run . ext . smithfield STREET . day 180 thick fog . pip walk behind a shifty - look wemmick . wemmick do you destroy my note ? pip I do . wemmick best not to leave any evidence . they be on to he , Mr pip . ( more ) great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 97 . wemmick ( cont 'd ) the reward on he head be substantial . every copper and cut-throat in London be on the hunt for you antipodean uncle . it be all you Mr Herbert and I could do to get he out in time - 180a ext . smithfield street - day 180 a wemmick there 's a steamer leave for Antwerp tomorrow at midnight . I suggest you and you uncle find a way onto it - ( in a low , discreet voice ) portable property , Mr pip . try and lay hold of the portable property . and with a shiver , pip take in wemmick 's hand ; the dead mens 's ring on he finger . 181 int . boat - house - day 181 pip enter the strange , tumble - down building and be immediately embrace by herbert . clara 's there too . herbert all be well , handel , he will be quite safe here , though he be keen to see you . goodness I , what have happen to you hand ? pip where be he ? the father of the woman he love stand . on see pip , magwitch 's face light up . a look of immense , paternal pride . pip the steamer depart at midnight , we will intercept it shortly after . the further from the city we can get , the safer it will be . not long now . magwitch thank ‘ee , my dear boy . clara be say goodbye to herbert . pip Clara , I will return you fiancé safely , I swear — but clara turn and walk briskly away - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 97a . herbert apology , handel . the fact be - well , she think you be rather a malign influence on I . pip and she 's right . Herbert , be you sure you want to ... herbert handel , I do not think I have ever be more excited in my life ! 182 omitted 182 183 omitted 183 184 185 186 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 98 . ext . boat -house day 184 afternoon now . the fog have lift . pip , herbert and magwitch walk down the muddy shore towards a row boat . ext . rowing boat , thame - day 185 as magwitch sit in the prow , pip and herbert row with all they might . the city be behind they now , the river open out into a estuary and marshland . pull hard at the oar , pip glance down at he burnt hand . the blister have burst , and blood be seeping through the bandage . he hold on to the oar , and row on . ext . rowing boat , thame - dusk 186 the journey continue , past gravesend now , the spring day fresh but bright . pip glance to he side ; the prison hulk be there , menace and dark . pip glance to magwitch , who also watch the hulk . a look to pip , a acknowledgement between they . herbert glance over he shoulder . herbert we seem to have lose they - ( pip 's look - who ? ) I think I see another boat . ( pip look round anxiously ) go now . ( more ) great expectation ( page 10/ 12 ) 99 , herbert ( cont 'd ) ( herbert see the blood on pip 's hand ) let 's rest by the bank . they row towards the reed-bed . 187 ext . rowing boat , reed - beds , marsh - dusk 187 the boat nestle in a quiet bay , they hide place until the steamer arrive . while herbert keep watch , pip read to magwitch , who sit smoking in the spring sun , silent and introspective . pip you seem despondent , abel . magwitch not a bit of it . to sit here and have my smoke alonger my dear boy ... ( he break off . ) I have a little child once . I do not tell you afore . pretty little thing , a girl . die while I be in prison . ' appen often enough , but I tell you dear boy , there be not a day as I be rotting on that hulk when I do not think on she face , and what a dear pretty thing she be . and when I see you on that marsh , well , you bring she to my mind , and p'rhap that 's why I take to you so strong . you two would be about the same age . now I know I be no father to you , my dear boy . you have a father and lose he , and a old varmint like I be not about to replace he . but I hope as I have be a friend to you this little time we have have . pip you speak as if we be parting . in a hour we will be safe again . magwitch well perhaps we will and perhaps we will not . he place he hand over the side of the boat , and let he fingertip run through the water . magwitch we can no more see to the bottom of the next few hour than we can see to the bottom of this river , no more hold they tide than I can hold this . and it 's run through my finger ... ( hold up he hand ) -.- and go . you see ? 188 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 100 . they say no more . a moment pass . herbert listen ! can you hear ?... ext . rowing boat , thame - night 188 herbert and pip pull as hard as they can to the centre of the river . sure enough , the steamer be approach , paddle churn the water , the mean of they escape . but before it , a dreadful sight . the Thames River Police , twelve strong uniform man , give they boat a formidable pace . pip shoot a look to magwitch , who seem resign . nevertheless , pip and herbert continue to row into the path of the steamer - - which now sound its horn in warning . the Police Boat be make fast progress too . a officer stand at the helm ; river police you have a return convict there ! his name be abel magwitch . I apprehend the man , and call upon he to surrender ! against all hope , pip and herbert continue to row . pip glance back at the advance boat , and the steamer behind it , its horn sounding once more . in the Police Boat , a black - clad figure cower . compeyson , the dark , scar face clearly visible . magwitch see he too . pip see a momentary glimpse of the jack -knife , clench in magwitch 's hand , the brutality of old return to he face . and now the police boat be beside they , policemen cling on to the side in preparation for the arrest . but too late . with a terrible cry , magwitch hurl himself onto a terrify compeyson , knock he backwards into the water - horn blare - and now the steamboat be suddenly upon they , great paddle chew through pip 's boat like matchwood . pip and herbert hurl themselves into the water , turn just in time to see a furious thrashing , a glimpse of a scream face , as magwitch and compeyson be drag beneath the steamer 's churn paddle . 189 190 191 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 101 . strong arm haul pip into the police galley . he try to break free , to throw himself after magwitch , but the policemen hold he tight . int . police galley , thame - night 189 the steamer have sail on . the water be calmer now , and cover with debris . as pip scan the surface , hope fade , he reach for some of the debris ; paper. money . five , ten pound note , hundred of pound - worth , sodden and useless . policeman over there ! and a black shape bob on the surface ; magwitch . he be haul into the boat . blood seep from a gash in he head , and he breathe be painful and labour . pip place he arm round the man 's shoulder , as he eye flicker open . a impassion whisper - pip I will not leave you , do you hear I ? whatever happen from now on , I will be by you side . and magwitch grasp pip 's hand and hold it tight . ext . police galley , thame - night 190 as the sun set , the galley head back towards the city . his breath come in gasp , magwitch lie in pip 's arm . int . prison —- day 191 magwitch lie in he cell , he chest and head bandage , as jagger confer with he . pip , bruise and pale , watch . jagger all 's go . all 's lose . you have let the whole thing slip through you finger ... pip will he be try ? jagger yes , he will be try and find guilty too , and hang . the best that we can hope for be that he die before it come to that . ( more ) 192 193 194 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 102 . jagger ( cont 'd ) the money , the land be all forfeit to the crown . you have nothing , pip . not a penny . pip can we keep that from he ? ( a look from jagger ) I would like he to think that I ’ma gentleman still . int . prison cell - day 192 another day . pip sit in magwitch 's cell , read Shakespeare . magwitch lie quietly , he breath come in gasp . int . corridor - day 193 pip push magwitch in he wheelchair along a corridor . he 's in he respectable best , but nothing can disguise the deterioration in he condition . magwitch best a gentleman should not be know to belong to I now . sit where I can see you and I do not ask no more . pip nonsense . I will be right by you side . magwitch smile , and we reveal - int . royal court of justice - day 194 - the dock of the courtroom , where magwitch join thirty or so other prisoner , man and woman , all await sentence . a spring rain fall on the great high window of the court room . as the judge take he place , pip take he seat just to the side of the dock . judge I must , amongst you , single out a miserable man who , after many year of live a peaceable and honest life in exile decide , in a fatal moment , to return to the country where he be expressly proscribe . whatever the motive for he return , there can be only one punishment , a punishment which he shall share with all of you here before I today ... + HH hhh HH great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 102a . the judge solemnly reach for the square of black silk which he place on he head . we see the face of the guilty ; some defiant , some sobbing and weep , some cover they face , some stare morosely as the judge deliver the communal sentence . judge by the power vested in I by this court , I sentence you all to death by hang ... great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 103 . gasp , sob , scream , sigh from the thirty - two convict man and woman . but with immense dignity magwitch keep he eye fix forward , he great hand clasped in pip 's . 194a ext . STREET - day 194a herbert dear handel , I be very much afraid that I must leave you when you most need I . pip Herbert ? herbert the fact be it seem that I have ... expectation . 194b ext . coach - day 194b herbert be about to board he coach . herbert it 's a small firm , run by a Mr clarriker , of Liverpool , and I be to be give a partnership ! completely out of the blue ! Clara be most excited . we can marry now , at last . pip I be delighted for you , Herbert . it 's wonderful news . herbert and what of you , pip ? do you have any plan ? because in this branch of ours I be go to need a ... ( here go -) one , two , three — pip a clerk ? herbert say that you will think upon it , in a few month , when ... this be over . pip I will . herbert ( they embrace ) we do have some adventure , do not we ? great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 103a . pip we do . we do . 195 196 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 104 . int . prison cell - day 195 another visit . magwitch be lie on he bed , eye fix on the ceiling , breath come in gasp . pip look to the warder , who shake he head - ' not long now . 's pip crouch close . pip be you in much pain today ? magwitch I do not complain , dear boy . pip you never do . ( pip be cry now . ) if you have stay away - magwitch and not see this face , dear boy ? pip I wish ... I have be more deserve of you love . magwitch hush . a gentleman . my very own . his breath be very labour now . pip lean in - pip magwitch , I must tell you . you have a child once , whom you love and lose - magwitch turn he eye to pip . pip she live . she live , and find powerful friend . she be live now . she be a lady and very beautiful . and I love she . magwitch 's eye be wet now . a profound joy . with one last effort , he lift pip 's hand to he lip and kiss it . magwitch close he eye ... int . bedroom , boarding house - day ( flashback ) 196 a wordless scene . a bright spring Sunday morning twenty year before . magwitch and molly lie in tangle sheet , molly 's sleep head upon she husband 's shoulder . 197 198 199 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 105 . in magwitch 's arm be the baby estella , laugh , gurgle , she small hand reach for she father 's face . magwitch press he face against he beautiful baby daughter , take in the smell of she . he smile , and laugh and laugh ... int . prison cell - day 197 magwitch lie dead . pip sit in silence , hold he hand , unwilling now to let go . fade to black . omitted 198 int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 199 pip , in the throes of fever , open he eye with some effort . two burly men stand over he : debt collector . pip I do not know you . bailiff one concern a debt , sir , of - bailiff two one hundred and twenty - five pound , fifteen and six . bleary -ey , pip look around . the place have be stripped of all furniture , all painting , even the curtain . pepper , the vengeful man -servant be nonchalantly fill he pocket with silver cutlery . merry whistling accompany the burglary . pip I do not have it . bailiff one no , we think not , sir - bailiff two - so we have come to arrest you . bailiff one if you would like to come with we , sir . pip yes . yes , of course - great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 106 . and pip pull back the sheet , and try to stand , and promptly faint away . fade to black : voice pip ? oh , pi-ip ... fade in : 200 int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 200 pip open he eye , and stare at the ceiling a moment . he turn he head on the pillow and see - joe gargery , he large head on the pillow next to he . joe hullo there . pip be it ... Joe ? joe which it be , old chap . and he smile he old smile . pip oh , Joe , you break my heart . forgive I , will you Joe ? for my ingratitude ... joe dear old pip , old chap , you and I be ever friend . now you sleep , old chap , and when you be well enough - what lark ! and pip smile , close he eye and sleep again . 201 int . dine room , mayfair - day 201 a frail pip and joe sit at a makeshift tea-chest table , eat chunks of bread and butter . pip how long have I be ill , Joe ? joe it 's the end of May . matter of a month or so ? pip and you have be with I all that time ? joe a good part of it . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 107 . pip miss havisham , Joe - be she dead ? joe I would not go as far as to say that , but she be not ... pip ...- live , Joe ? joe she be not live . pip do you know what happen to she property , Joe ? joe it go to miss estella and she - pip her husband . joe that 's the one . her husband . and there it be . pip rise slowly and retreat to the bedroom . a moment , then joe follow on - 202 int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 202 pip sit and stare at the wall of the barren room . pip I have nothing , Joe . no money , no profession , no expectation or hope for the future . everything of worth have slip through my finger . joe not everything I hope , dear chap . and joe nudge he with he shoulder . pip manage a smile . pip we have have time together , Joe , that I can never forget . I do for a while forget , but not any more . joe pip , there have be lark . and what have be betwixt we - have be . and the two friend continue to sit in silence . 203 204 205 206 207 208 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 108 . int . bedroom , mayfair apartment - day 203 pip wake once more . the apartment be empty - something be wrong . int . live room , mayfair apartment - day 204 on the mantelpiece , a pile of papers . bill and invoice , all pip 's debt . all mark with the same word - ' paid in full 's . and a note , write in a rudimentary hand . ‘have depart fur you be well dear pip join I sunday for lark ever best of friend J 's omitted and incorporated into 194a 205 omitted and incorporated into 194b 206 ext . marsh , kent - day 207 in sturdy , sensible boot , pip stride across the marsh of he youth towards he old home . it 's a beautiful June day , and he carry everything he own in a back - pack . the gibbet hang over the road . pip hesitates , but only momentarily . then he march beneath it , fearless now . in the distance , smoke rise from the forge . pip break into a run ... ext / int . gargery house - day 208 pip be about to enter the kitchen , when he see a figure through the window . he hesitates ... biddy , he childhood sweetheart , be arrange flower on the table . pip watch for a moment , smile affectionately , the ghost of a romantic feel revive within he . biddy wear she Sunday best , and have a glow about she that he have not see before . pip step into the doorway . 208a 209 210 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 109 . pip biddy ? I come to see you as quickly as I could . I want to tell you , biddy - she turn , put she hand to she mouth , startle , the flower still clasped in she other hand ; a bouquet . and pip realise - biddy oh , pip - it 's my wedding day ! for one tiny moment , there 's a flicker of disappointment on he face . but then joe be there , beam in he Sunday best , and pip rush in , embrace they both and laugh , laugh ... ext . the old battery , marsh , kent - dusk 208a after the ceremony , the newly wed and they only guest head for they old spot . joe give biddy a piggy - back , pip follow on , watch they with pleasure . perhaps she even throw he she bouquet ... ext . the old battery , marsh , kent - dusk 209 as the sun go down , the three friend sit side - by-side in they old spot , biddy and joe still in they wedding finery . pip you life savings , Joe ! joe it 's only money , pip . pip nevertheless , I will work and work and I will pay you back , every last penny , if it take I ... joe enough now . biddy smile , take joe 's hand , look to pip . and the three friend sit there , watch as the sun go down . fade to black : ext . alleyway , liverpool - day 210 a letter , seal in red wax . 211 212 213 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 110 . it be hold in the hand of a young english boy , seven year - old , clutching it tightly as he hurtle through the back street . ext . alleyway , liverpool - day 211 the boy find a staircase in amongst the tangle of alley , and clamber up the stair to - int . office , liverpool - day 212 the modest , somewhat ramshackle office of clarriker - pocket import-export limite . the boy push open the door , and rush in . silk , rug , import from the East festoon the room . herbert knock ! goodness , Charles , how many time have I tell you , this be a place of business , not a nursery ! herbert scoops he son up onto he lap . charle I have a message . from a lady ... herbert a lady , how intrigue ! ( call out ) it 's from a lady , handel ! and pip enter the room . older , darker , more mature , he smile and take the note from charle , open it , read it . and sit down in silence . herbert what be it , handel ? handel ? ext . park - day 213 pip stride through the wintery park , full of anticipation . she stand at they meeting place , she back towards he . pip watch for a moment , too scared to approach , gather he nerve . but she sense he be there , and turn . she be still beautiful , but the once proud eye have a sadden , soften quality . * 214 great expectation ( page 10 / 12 ) lll . estella smile - a smile that 's also sad , soften - and hold out she hand to pip . ext . park - day pip and estella sit . a comfortable silence , break eventually . estella he die . two year ago . he be beat he horse , and the horse have the good taste to kick he in the head . pip I be sorry to hear that . estella pip , I know you too well for you to pretend a sorrow you do not feel . pip I be sorry for anything that bring you sorrow . estella then rest assure I feel none . my husband and I make each other perfectly miserable , just as intend . ( a shrug , a wry smile ) I have be bent and break , but I hope into a better shape pip do you think that you might ... marry again ? estella do not answer . estella I have be abroad a great deal , travel through the East , Africa , Arabia . I have hear that you be here , and thriving and I have a desire to see ... my old friend . my only friend . ( she take he hand ) when we last meet , you say that you would always think of I - pip and I have - estella - that you would always think of the good in I . 214 great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 111a . pip I do . always . you be a part of I , estella . great expectation ( page 10/12 ) 112. estella ' you be in the ship 's , you say , ' and the river . 's she look at he for a long time . pip I love you , estella . a moment . estella I be glad . fade to black . end title