GREEN book written by Nick vallelonga & Brian currie & Peter farrelly '' 2018 storyteller distribution co. , LLC all rights reserve fade in : title card : '' New York City , 1962 '' ext . copacabana - 10 east 60 th ST . - NYC - night the famous red awning with copacabana in white block letter hang over the entrance of the world - renowned nightclub . a long line of well - dress customer fill the sidewalk wait to get in . over this - we hear the open horn of Bobby rydell 's version of '' that old black magic '' ... int . copacabana - MAIN room - continuous the vibe be electric . six hundre patron pack the table in the main room . brazilian in theme , the copa décor be art deco throughout , fill with palm tree illuminate by blue and pink hue . pure elegance . pepper the crowd ... gorgeous copa girl , white - jackete waiter , maitre d’s in Black tuxedo jacket , captain in Blue tux jacket , and bouncers in Red tux jacket . on stage in front of the orchestra , tuxedo - clad bobby rydell . the crowd applaud . bobby rydell thank you very much ! welcome to Jules podell 's copacabana ! I be Bobby rydell and I be happy to be here ! ( sing ) that old Black Magic have I in its spell ... the song continue through this entire sequence ... frank '' tony lip '' vallelonga , 40s , copa bouncer , move quickly through the crowd . lip be impose with a charismatic presence . you do not mess with this guy . follow lip , a attractive couple . lip lead they to a table near the front of the stage . the man slip lip some cash . the orchestra kick in big , the room be jump ... at a back booth , jule podell , 60 , copa owner , a tough - as - nail bulldog of a man . he tap he diamond ring on the table to the beat of the song . int . copacabana - coat check - continuous lip troll for customer who will tip he for a table . he notice ... joey loscudo , 5as , a mob boss , enter the club follow by he crew . loscudo walk over to the coat - check girl , take off he coat and hat , hand they to she . loscudo Guard this hat with you life ... my mother give it to I . he wink . coat -check girl yes , Mr. loscudo ... he hand the coat - check girl some money . the maitre d' , carmine , walk over . carmine joey ! loscudo hey , carmine ! carmine slip lip some cash . carmine that 's not necessary ... loscudo come on . you know I see this kid rydell last year in Philly . nobody know who he be . carmine well they know he now ... they hug , then carmine escort loscudo and he entourage into the main room . lip approach the coat - check girl . lip gimme loscudo 's hat . coat -check girl but he say ... lip I know , just give it to I ... he bang she a couple buck , she turn the hat over to he . int . copacabana - MAIN room - continuous rydell 's still singing , the joint 's rocking ... a fight break out ... four goombah pound each other . tables flip , glass break , patron scream ... angle on podell as he jump up ... podell tony liiiiiiiiiiiiip !!! lip be already on the move , run to the fight ... it 's pandemonium , but rydell do not stop . he and the orchestra building the speed and intensity of the song ... lip be join by carmine , and some bouncers , all of they grapple with the goombah . they quickly rush they out of the room .... ext . copacabana - night - continuous everyone come crashing out the front door . lip throw the goombah down the step to the street . he jump up . goombah you put you hand on I , you punk ? ! lip do yourself a favor - - go home with you friend . goombah do not you tell I where to go ! do you know who I be ?! I be goin’ back in there ! lip Nah , you be not . the goombah take a swing at lip and it 's on . lip knock he on he ass , then jump on he and start to bash he face in . close on - lip , brutally punch , he fist bloody , as we hear o.s. applause and smash CUT to int . copacabana - stage - continuous the band 's swinging as Bobby rydell deliver the big climax to the song ... ( continued ) continued : bobby rydell ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) .-- whoa , that old Black Magic call looocooccocve ! smash CUT to : int . copacabana - coat check - later - night a line of people wait behind mob boss joey loscudo as he scream at the coat - check girl . carmine stand by . loscudo in 1l burn this place down ! where 's my hat ! coat -check girl I be sorry , Mr. loscudo , I go to the lady room , I be only go a minute ... loscudo someone better find it ! carmine it all turn up , I swear it will turn up . loscudo really ? you tell that fat Jew bastard podell that if it do not turn up , I will burn this place down ! you hear I ? I will burn the copa down ! ext . copacabana - entrance - night - later lip , carmine , and another bouncer , danny , smoke cigarettes , lean against a dinge - up ' 55 buick sedan . a poster at the copa entrance read : bobby rydell - sold out ! a worker pastes a banner over it : copa close for renovation november / december -— see you in JANUARY with sammy davis , JR .! carmine Jesus Christ . loscudo be out of he mind . danny we earn we money tonight . ( continued ) continued : carmine lip , I think you be gonna kill that guy . lip better he than I . what be you gonna do while we be close ? danny I do not know . maybe work at my uncle 's pizza joint . lip ( to carmine ) what about you ? carmine I be gonna drink for two month . the man straighten up as Jules podell exit the club . jule podell take I home , lip . smash CUT to : int . jilly 's SALOON - night loscudo 's hat get plopped in the middle of a table ... pull back ... luscudo sit in the corner booth , hold court with jilly and friend . loscudo my hat ! Jesus Christ , if you have tit , I have kiss ya ! how the hell have you find it ? angle on lip stand in front of the table . lip Heard it be miss , so I look into it . loscudo I want to kill that broad . lip be not she fault . jilly rizzo who have the ball to clip it ? ( continued ) continued : lip do not worry about it , I take care of he . loscudo I hope you give he some beat . loscudo pull out a wad of cash , peel off a C -note . lip no , I can not . it be my pleasure , Mr. loscudo . loscudo slam the money into lip 's hand . loscudo bullshit . and from now on you do not have to call I mister loscudo , ya hear I ? lip smile . ext . lip 's apartment - bronx - dawn a six -story brick building with fire escape frame the window . park car fill both side of the street . lip 's car pull up and park in front of a FIRE hydrant . he get out , grab a garbage can , and put it over the hydrant . int . lip 's apartment - morning lip enter the small one - bedroom apartment . he move to the kitchen , open the refrigerator , chug half a bottle of milk . int . lip 's apartment - bedroom - morning lip enter . sleep in the bed , lip 's wife dolore , late 30 , pretty . beside she , nick , 9 , and frankie , 7 . lip take off a ring , he watch , place they on top of the bureau . empty he pocket of crumpled wad of cash . lip strip down to a t-shirt and boxer short , get in bed , snuggle up to dolore . she wake , kiss he . dolore ' Morning ... lip ' night ... int . lip 's apartment - live room - day close on - a black and white tv , the yankee play the san francisco giant , game 6 of the world series . phil rizutto ( v.o . ) '' Roger maris at the plate , pierce check the sign ... '' pull back -- on the couch watch the game , lip 's Father , nicola , 70 , brother rudy , 30 , dolore 's father , ANTHONY , 70 , and she two brother johnny , 40s , and louie , 30 . johnny come on , Roger ! hit one out ! rudy be quiet , you be gonna jinx it ! lip enter still wear he t-shirt and white boxer . lip ( sarcastic ) johnny , think you can yell a little louder ? johnny maris be up ... lip yeah , so be I now . what the hell be you guy do here ? johnny discreetly nod toward the kitchen where we see two black workmen lay down linoleum . the kid , Nick and Frank , play with plastic Green Army soldier in the corner . johnny figure we would come up and keep dolore company ... back to scene - lip get the point . ANTHONY ( in italian ) you should not be sleep in the middle of the day , leave my daughter here alone with this sack of coal . nicola ( in italian ) and why do you hire they to do a italian 's job ? it 's a disgrace . ( continued ) continued : lip ( in italian ) I do not know who they be gonna send . on dolore - she pour a couple glass of lemonade and hand the drink to the Black Workmen . black workman thank you , mar ’am . lip watch as the Workmen drink the lemonade , then dolore take the glass and put they in the sink . as she lead the man to the door , we go ... on the tv - maris swing ... crack ! phil rizutto ( v.o . ) '' deep to center field , holy cow he do it ! a home run for Roger maris ! Holy cow ! '' johnny jump up , they all cheer ... except lip , whose eye keep darting toward the glass in the sink . dolore come back and lip join she in the kitchen . he pour himself a glass of water , dip he finger in the sauce she 's cooking . dolore slap he hand away . dolore get dress , tony , we be gonna eat . she pick up a big platter of meatball and sausage and take it into the dining room . lip glance into the sink . close on - the Black Workmen 's two empty lemonade glass . lip take the glass out of the sink , drop they into the garbage . CUT to : int . lip 's apartment - dinette - later lip 's at the table , dress now . wine and plate of rigatoni . join they for lunch be fran , johnny 's wife , and lynn , louie 's wife . dolore make the sign of the cross . dolore bless we we Lord , for this thy gift , which we be about to receive , from thy bounty through Christ we Lord , amen . ( continued ) continued : they all make the sign of the cross . nicola salute . they start stuff they face . dolore if anyone hear about a job for tony , let we know . lip ( nobody 's business ) dolore ... rudy what happen , you get fire ? dolore no , copa 's close for repair . he need something for just a couple month . johnny i’1l ask around . nicola ( in italian ) mister big shot . always spend , spend , spend . no job , he get himself a new kitchen floor . lip ( in italian ) come on , pop . the kid be gettin’ splinter in they foot . fran all the people he know , he will find something . johnny he have a great job at the sanitation department . ( to lip ) you should not have punch out the foreman . lip he should not have wake I up . everyone laugh . CUT to : 10 . int . lip 's apartment - kitchen - day - later dolore be clean up . she 's scraping a plate into the garbage can when she notice something 0o.s. dolore 's Pov - two empty glass in the garbage ... she sigh , disappointed in she husband , then pick up the glass from the garbage pail and put they back into the sink . CUT to : int . gorman 's hot dog - day johnny , lip , and lip 's youngest boy , frankie , enter . johnny I be tellin’ you , this be gonna be the easiest fifty buck you ever make . they walk over to a table where fat paulie , 40s , be wait with the owner , gorman , and a couple other customer . fat paulie johnny tell I you eat forty - eight White Castle burger in one sit . frankie cheeseburger . fat paulie I do not believe you . lip what do I care if you believe I ? ( beat ) Gorman , who 's get the record for hotdog here ? gorman fat paulie . Fifteen . johnny why be not lip in on that contest ? fat paulie what contest ? I be hungry . the guy chuckle . ( continued ) 11 . continued : gorman Bet 's simple . half a C -note . most hotdog in a hour win . with topping . lip size he up . lip what the hell you weigh ? fat paulie two-sixty . johnny aaaaay . you leave ass weigh two - sixty . fat paulie raise he right hand . fat paulie May my mother - in - law drop dead on the spot if I be lyin’ . they all laugh . lip okay , you be on . smash CUT : int . gorman 's hot dog - later the table fill with a assortment of hot dog . everyone cheer , clap , as lip and fat paulie STUFF there face . johnny come on , lip , pick it up ! the baby elephant just hit nineteen ! lip sweat , slow down , look like he 's gonna puke . the crowd cheer as fat paulie calmly take a big bite of another dog . CUT to : int . lip 's apartment - live room - day lip and frankie enter . frankie run over to Nick who be do homework . lip nicky , you doin’ you homework ? ( continued ) continued : nick yeah . dolore where be you ? lip plop down in a chair , exhaust . lip Gorman 's . fat paulie bet I fifty buck he could eat more hot dog than I . he knock off twenty - eight . guy 's a animal . dolore be you crazy -- you lose fifty dollar ?! lip dolore , please . I eat thirty . 12 . lip pull out the winning . she pluck the bill from he hand . dolore thank God . the gas bill come in today . the phone ring . lip answer . lip yeah ? int . copacabana - day - same Jules podell sit at he table in the empty copa . he sip a cup of coffee as worker clear tablecloth , flip chair onto table , etc . jule podell ( into phone ) hey , lip , some guy call over here -- a doctor 's lookin’ for a driver . you interested ? intercut conversation : lip yeah . jule podell they be interview guy tomorrow afternoon . here 's the address . 13 . ext . carnegie hall - 881 seventh avenue - NYC - day lip , wear black slack and a bowl - style shirt , stand at the front of ... carnegie hall ... he take out a piece of paper , look at it . this can not be the place ... int . carnegie hall - concert hall - day magnificent . lip enter , move down the aisle . he take in the spectacle . woman 's voice ( 0o.s. ) Excuse I . we be not open right now ... lip turn to face the BOX office manager across the room . BOX office manager but you be welcome to buy ticket to tonight 's performance . lip ' there a doctor 's office ' round here ? I think I get the wrong address . lip hold up the paper . BOX office manager you have the correct address . Dr. shirley life upstairs , above the hall . int . don shirley 's apartment hallway - day lip walk down the hall . two english butler-type sit in chair outside a door . the door open and a asian man , black suit and tie , carry a briefcase , exit . at the door stand a indian valet , amit , white Nehru shirt , white linen pants , clipboard in hand . lip I be here for the driver job . tony lip . amit check the list , flip a page , can not find it . lip ( cont 'd ) I should be on there . ( continued ) 14 . continued : amit no tony lip . I do have a tony Val ... valle ... lip vallelonga . that 's I . amit fill this out while you wait . lip what ? amit fill . it. out . while you wait . amit hand he a clipboard and a pen , then lip take a seat next to the butler . int . shirley 's apartment - day - later amit escort lip in . classical music plays . amit take a seat . lip sit in a leather chair and amit exit . lip look around . never see anything like it . thirty - foot ceiling , giant skylight , enormous french window overlook Manhattan . it 's fill to the rafter with painting , African art , sculpture , chinese lantern , a giant gold buddha , and two six - foot elephant tusk . a crystal chandelier hang above a black steinway concert Grand piano . a throne ... a actual King 's throne ... sit on a riser , back against the glass window . voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. vallelonga , sorry to keep you wait ... lip turn ... stand before he be dr . donald shirley , late 30 , black , resplendent in a traditional African robe . he 's bedeck in assort chain necklace , bracelet , watch , and ring . Dr. shirley speak in a clipped , refine manner . dr . shirley I be Dr. Donald shirley . lip 's take aback . not what he expect . he stand . ( continued ) 15 . continued : lip hi. tony . shirley extend he hand . they shake . dr . shirley please , have a seat . lip sit . shirley sit on he '' throne , '' look down at lip . lip this be some place you get here . motion to the elephant tusk . lip ( cont 'd ) they horn real ? dr . shirley elephant tusk . yes . lip nod , point to the chain around shirley 's neck . lip what about that ? that a molar ? dr . shirley a what ? lip a molar . lip point to he side tooth . lip ( cont 'd ) like a shark tooth ? or a tiger 's ? dr . shirley um , no . it be a gift . lip oh. ( look around ) I think I be go to a office . they say a doctor need a driver . dr . shirley that 's all they tell you ? lip shrug . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) actually , it 's a bit more complicated than that . have you ever drive professionally before ? lip sanitation . ( beat ) garbage truck . off shirley 's unimpress look . lip ( cont 'd ) plus I drive my boss home at night . I can drive anything . dr . shirley I see . what other experience do you have ? lip I work a lot of joint . the wagon wheel , peppermint Lounge , copa ... dr . shirley in what capacity ? lip what do you mean ? dr . shirley what do you do there ? lip chew on that . you can smell the wood burn ... lip Public relation ... shirley nod , understanding . dr . shirley well , first of all , tony , I be nota medical doctor . I be a musician . lip you mean like song ? dr . shirley yes . I be about to start a concert tour , the majority of which will be down South . lip Atlantic City ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) dr . shirley the deep south . we start in the midwest , but then we be take a hard leave . kentucky , North Carolina , Tennessee , and on down through the Delta . ( beat ) do you foresee any issue work for a black man ? lip no , no ... ' fact just yesterday I and the wife have a couple color guy over the house . for drink . shirley take a beat . dr . shirley oh , I see . you be marry . lip yup . two kid . dr . shirley I do not know if this be the proper job for a marry man . lip why , we bring broad ? shirley shoot he a look . dr . shirley my point be , you will be go for eight straight week -- with no break -- right up until Christmas . you be quite sure you can leave you family for that long ? lip depend on what you be pay . dr . shirley ninety dollar a week , plus room and board . but let I be crystal clear ... I be not simply hire a chauffeur . I need someone who can handle my itinerary . I need a personal assistant . I need a valet . I need someone who will launder my clothes , shine my shoe ... lip good luck , doc. ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 4 ) lip stand , head for the door . shirley step down off he throne . dr . shirley tony ... lip turn back , face shirley . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) I have my record label ask around town to find I the right man . you name come up more than once . you have impressed a lot of people by the way you handle ... trouble . that 's why I call and ask about you availability . lip think about it . lip look , I get no problem be on the road with you . but I be not no butler , I be not irone shirt , and I be not shine nobody 's shoe . you need someone to get you from point a to point B ? you need someone to make sure there 's no problem along the way -- and you go through the deep South , believe I , there 's gonna be problem . so if you want I , it 's gotta be a buck and a quarter a week . or go hire the little chink that just prance out of here and see how far you get . shirley stare , stone - face . dr . shirley well , Mr. vallelonga ... thank you for come in . as lip turn and walk out , we -- CUT to : ext . joe & joe restaurant - bronx - late afternoon a tired lip come walk down the sidewalk and enter . int . joe & joe restaurant - bar / dine room - continuous smoky , pack , loud ... lip snake he way to bobby , 40s , chinese , who 's behind the bar . ( continued ) 19 . continued : lip Bobby , give I a rheingold . Ice cold . Bobby pour a draft of rheingold , slide it in front of he . bobby ( concerned ) mister tony . augie ask about you . lip be not happy to hear this . a customer pound on the bar . customer come on , I be die of thirst over here ! bobby shut up , I be talk ! he turn back to lip . lip when ? bobby now . he in he box . lip drain the beer , leave the bar area , weave he way through the crowd to a enclosed , private booth with a curtain block the people inside . lip hesitates , then open the curtain . he Pov - augie , rough -look , dead eye , sit there stuff he face with linguini and clam sauce . two psychopath sit with he . the psychos look on blankly . a lesser man would shit he pants . augie ( intense ) tony lip . what the hell happen at the copa ? I hear you split a guy 's face open . lip shrug . augie ( cont ’d ) that guy you hit . he be one of Charlie the Hand 's crew . lip then he shoulda know better . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 20 . augie mad-dogs he , never lose eye contact as he stuff he face . lip do not blink . augie the Hand want I to look into it . I speak to podell . Whole thing be over a piece of ass , right ? lip shrug . augie ( cont ’d ) a beef like that should never happen in the club . they be out of line . so we squash it . he wipe olive oil off he chin . augie ( cont ’d ) sit down . have something to eat . lip thanks , but I already eat . augie chew away , not sure if he believe he . augie you look to earn some extra scharole ? I could keep you busy while the copa 's down . lip what I gotta do ? augie thing ... lip think about it . lip appreciate it , but I be gonna spend some time with the family . augie do not be stupid . you can make a few buck , buy something nice for you wife . lip I be good . I be flush right now . cur to : 21 . ext . white plain road - bronx - early evening the EL train thunder above lip as he enter a pawn shop . int . pawn shop - bronx - early evening close on lip 's wristwatch on the counter . the pawn guy , charlie , look up at lip , concerned . reluctantly , he hand lip cash and a ticket . pawn guy here 's fifty . give I sixty before Christmas , you get it back . lip turn to leave . pawn guy ( cont ’d ) hey , lip ... everything okay ? lip ( offended ) you get beak trouble , Charlie ? mind you business . lip walk out . int . lip 's apartment - live room - night lip sit watch tv as dolore hand he a bowl of spaghetti . dolore so what happen with the doctor interview ? lip he be not a real doctor , he 's a piano player . lip dig in , start stuff he face . dolore I do not understand -- why have they say he be a doctor ? lip I do not know . I think he 's like a doctor of piano- play or something . dolore you can be that ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : lip I guess . he life on top of Carnegie Hall . you shoulda see this place , Dee -- it be fill with statue and all kind of fancy crap . and he be sit on a friggin’ throne all dress up like the king of the jungle bunny . dolore he 's color ? you would not last a week with he . lip for the right money , I would . as lip continue eat , we go ... int . lip 's apartment - bedroom - early morning lip and dolore be asleep in bed , the kid asleep in another bed across the room . the phone ring . lip and dolore wake up . lip look at the clock -- 8 a.m . he answer the phone . lip ( into phone ) hello ... yeah ... really ?... why ?... okay , hold on . lip put he hand over the receiver . dolore everything okay ? lip it 's he . dolore who ? lip Dr. shirley , the piano guy . he want to talk to you . she sit up . dolore ( whisper ) me? what ? why ? lip shrug . he hold out the phone , dolore take it . ( continued ) 23 . continued : dolore ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ... good morning , Doctor , nice to talk to you , too ... she glance at lip . dolore ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yes , that be a long time ... dolore look at lip as shirley talk on . dolore ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it be ... yes , I be sure ... thank you for call ... Goodbye . dolore hang up . lip what he say ? dolore look stunne . dolore he want to know if I would be okay with he take my husband away from he family for two month . he say he would pay you what you ask for . lip look surprised . she roll away from he . lip it 's good money , dolore . you know we need it . I can not be eatin’ thirty hot dog every day . dolore well up . dolore I know ... I say it be okay for you to go . ext . lip 's apartment - morning dion 's '' runaround sue '' drift lazily from a transistor radio ... Laundry hang from fire escape . old italian women sit in fold chair chatting while grandpa nicola , grandpa Anthony and rudy watch Nick and frankie play . a 1963 chrysler new yorker and a 1961 cadillac sedan be park in front . ( continued ) 24 . continued : lip , wear a well - wear black suit , stand next to the Chrysler talk to a record exec , 40s , sharply dress , no - nonsense , and he nebbishy assistant . the record exec hand lip a check . record exec here 's the first half of you pay . you 's 1ll get the rest when the tour 's over . lip uh-uh , I gotta get pay every week . record exec sorry , that 's not how the record company do it . lip glare at he . record exec ( cont ’d ) we gotta have some guarantee you 's 1ll finish the job . lip why the hell would not I finish the job ? I take it , do not I ? the record exec glance at he assistant , then back at lip . record exec then you have get nothing to worry about . the exec hold out the car key . as lip reach for they , the exec pull they back . record exec ( cont ’d ) here 's the deal , Mr. vallelonga . it 's you job to get Don to all he tour date on time . if he miss any show , you be not get you back - end . lip take the key . lip he 's not gonna miss any show . record exec good . and you be go to need this . he hand lip a small GREEN book . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) record exec ( cont ’d ) it 's the book I tell you about . sometimes you be stay in the same hotel , and sometimes you be not . as lip glance at the book , we -- angle on lip 's brother - in - law , johnny , exite the building . he carry a suitcase over to the cadillac . as the record exec and he assistant drive off in the Chrysler , lip walk over to johnny . johnny ( be : caddy ) madonne . this the new one ? lip the record company rent it . lip open the trunk , johnny put the suitcase in . johnny so what would my sister say about you be go for three week ? lip eight week . johnny smirk . johnny yeah , right . ten-to- one you slap the moolie out and come home under a month . lip smile , shove johnny . dolore approach with the kid . dolore come here . say goodbye to you father . Nick and frankie run to lip , hug he . they get emotional . lip stop that . you gotta be big boy , take care of you mother ... he give the kid kiss , then they run away . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) dolore do you go to the a-a-a for the map ? lip the record guy give I map and direction with the itinerary thing . and this . lip pull out the small green book that the record exec give he . dolore ( read ) the negro motorist green-book ? lip list all the place colored can stay down south . like if you be travel while black . dolore travel while black ? lip yeah . like if you be black but you gotta travel for some reason . dolore they get a special book for that ? lip I guess . dolore do you pack a iron ? lip I be not lug around no iron , dee. dolore how you gonna keep you pants press ? lip i’1ll put ‘em under my mattress . dolore take lip 's hand . dolore I want you to write I a letter every chance you get . ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 4 ) lip aw , come on , Dee , I can not write letter . dolore take you five minute . promise I . lip I can not write , it 's embarrassing -- they be not gonna be no good . dolore it 's a lot cheaper than callin’ long distance , tony . promise I you will write . lip sigh . lip okay . I promise . i’1l try . she look at he . lip ( cont 'd ) yeah . lip hug and kiss she . he give she the check . lip ( cont 'd ) put this in the bank today . she take it and hand he a brown paper bag . dolore I make a couple veal - cutlet sandwich for you and Dr. shirley . be careful . I love you . lip Love you , too . dolore you better be home at Christmas or do not come home at all ! as they kiss , grandpa nicola call out to lip : nicola ( in italian ) he who arrive late have no bed ! lip wave goodbye to everyone . we stay on dolore as he drive away ... 28. ext . carnegie hall - 881 seventh avenue - NYC - day lip park shirley 's rent cadillac in front of a identical cadillac , get out , open the trunk . smoke next to the other cadillac be oleg malakhov , 30 , Russian , wear glass , and GEORGE dyer , 30 . lip take out a cigarette , be about to light it , then notice oleg smoking . he put the cigarette back in the pack , then walk over to oleg and George . lip bum a smoke ? oleg size lip up , then reluctantly hand he a cigarette . lip ( cont 'd ) I be tony . you the band ? oleg ( Russian accent ) oleg. cello . GEORGE George . bass . and we be not a band , we be a trio . Dr. shirley exit the building , impeccably dress in a silk suit . he 's follow by he valet , amit , who awkwardly carry three large piece of shirley 's expensive luggage . lip open the back door of the car . shirley get in . amit drop the bag he be carry on the sidewalk . shirley sit in the back seat . amit lean in , place a red cashmere blanket over shirley 's leg . dr . shirley thank you , amit . amit have a wonderful trip , Doctor . amit shut the car door . the luggage sit on the sidewalk between lip and amit . lip smoke he butt , shoot amit a '' it be not my job " look . standoff . amit cave , pick up the three bag , one at a time , put they into the trunk . lip slam the trunk shut . 29 . ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - day bird ’s- eye view of the westside highway in 1960 's Manhattan and the glisten Hudson River as the two cadillac cross the upper-level of the George Washington Bridge surround by hundred of period car . ext . route 80 west - new jersey - later - day Dr. shirley 's cadillac drive west on Route 80 , follow by oleg and George . int . cadillac - day lip 's drive fast , smoking faster . shirley choke on the blue haze fill the car , crack he window . lip reach into the brown paper bag , pull out a wax - paper - wrap sandwich with '' tony '' write on it , peel back the foil . veal cutlet and pepper sandwich on a loaf of italian bread . still smoking , lip start to eat . dr . shirley tony , when we arrive in a city , the first thing I have like you to do be check the piano where I be play . make sure it 's a steinway as per my contract . lip pull out a pen , write '' stain way '' on the map . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) and could you see to it that I have a bottle of cutty sark in my room every night . lip every night ? lip smile . lip ( cont 'd ) well if you ever need any help with that ... DR. shirley I will not . and ten -and - two on the wheel , please . tony lose the smile . shirley slide over in he seat so that he 's directly behind lip . ( continued ) 30 . continued : lip Doc , I notice on the itinerary thing there that the last show 's December 23rd . dr . shirley Birmingham , yes . it 's a Christmas show . lip any way we could hit the road early the next morning so we could be back home in time for Christmas Eve ? dr . shirley we will see . could you please put the cigarette out ? lip why ? dr . shirley because I can not breathe back here . lip what be you talk about ? smoke 's go into my lung . I be do all the work here . dr . shirley thank you . lip think about it , defiantly take one long last drag off the heater , then another , then finally flick it outside . lip roll up he window , shoot a look at the second sandwich , '' Dr. shirley '' write on it . fuck this guy . he open it , stuff shirley 's sandwich in he mouth , look straight ahead . CUT to : ext . pennsylvania turnpike - later - day close on a sign - pennsylvania turnpike . ext . pennsylvania turnpike - continuous oleg 's car speed up , pull next to shirley 's cadillac . oleg roll down he window , motion to shirley , who roll down he window . ( continued ) 31 . continued : oleg ( in Russian ) everything okay ? dr . shirley ( in Russian ) yes . everything 's fine . lip look back over he shoulder , stunne to hear shirley speak in another language . oleg ( in Russian ) good . we will meet you at the hotel in Pittsburgh . dr . shirley ( in Russian ) make a reservation for dinner . we will rehearse immediately after . see you there . oleg give lip the hairy eyeball , blow past he . lip ( to himself ) Hell 's he look at ? lip look in the mirror at shirley . lip ( cont 'd ) you speak german , huh ? dr . shirley that be Russian . lip yeah , I be station in Germany in the army . I can pick up a little of what you be sayin’ . be careful , kraut be all sneak . Kennedy shoulda bomb ‘em when we have the chance -- plus now they Cuban bastard . shirley roll he eye . lip ( cont 'd ) where they go anyway ? ai not they suppose to be follow we ? ( continued ) continued : 32 . ( 2 ) dr . shirley they have the itinerary . as long as they make it to the show on time , I do not worry and you should not either . lip ( offended ) I be not worried about nothin’ . CUT to : int . diner - day lip and shirley sit in a booth eat lunch . shirley pick at a tuna salad while lip chow down on a pot roast . shirley watch lip , amaze at the ferocity with which he attack he meal . dr . shirley how be that ? lip think about it . lip salty . lip continue to stuff he face . lip look lip feel dr . shirley have you ever think of be a food critic ? up , hopeful . lip not really , but ... why ? be there money in that ? dr . shirley I be just say , you have a marvelous way with word when describe food . salty . so vivid . one can almost taste it . the jab . lip I be say it 's salty , and salt 's cheatin’ . any cook can make thing salty . but to make it taste good without the salt , with just the other flavor , that 's the trick . see , when you -- ( continued ) 33 . continued : dr . shirley we should be go soon if we expect to get to Pittsburgh by dinner . lip you know , when I be in the army I know a guy from Pittsburgh , but he call it titsburgh because he say all the girl there have big tit . dr . shirley that 's absurd . why would woman in Pittsburgh have larger breast than , say , woman in New York ? lip shrug . lip ' the hell I know ? guess we will find out , huh ? lip go back to he plate . lip ( cont 'd ) by the way , when you hire I , my wife go out buy one of you record - - ' one about the orphan . dr . shirley orphans ? lip yeah . cover have a bunch of kid sit around a campfire ? shirley have to think a moment . dr . shirley orpheus . lip what ? dr . shirley orpheus in the underworld . it 's base on a french Opera . and that kid on the cover ? they be demon in hell . lip no shit ? must of be naughty kid . CUT to : 34 . int . cadillac - day - later they have be drive awhile now . lip start to pull the car over to the side of the road . dr . shirley what be you do ? lip I gotta take a leak . dr . shirley here ? now ? lip what , you want I to piss my pants ? ext . highway - day - continuous the cadillac stop on the shoulder of the road next to some tree . lip get out , take a few step ... then realize he forget something ... lip go back , open the driver 's side door and grab he wallet off the dash . shirley and lip 's eye meet for a moment . then , wallet in hand , lip head to the wood to pee . CUT to : int . penn -sheraton HOTEL - lip 's room - night lip wear a guinea T-shirt . he step out of the bathroom , dry he hand with a towel , open a slide glass door that lead to ... ext . lip 's room - 2 nd floor balcony - continuous - night from this perch , the courtyard be illuminate by the reflection of the pool light . lip step out , fire up a smoke , take in the cool breeze . lip 's Pov - oleg and George be at a table poolside , play grab-ass with two women , drink , laughing ... lip peer across the courtyard , find Dr. shirley sit on the patio outside he room , drink in hand , a half - empty bottle of cutty beside he . lip observe a moment , go back into he room . CUT to : 35 . int . penn sheraton HOTEL - lobby - day lip , wear a black suit , sit read a paper . shirley wear a tuxedo , enter , cross to lip . shirley pull a roll of cash out of he pocket , peel off some bill , give they to lip . dr . shirley take this for any incidentals we may need . if you want something for yourself , you do not have to ask I , just make sure you keep the receipt . when it run low , let I know . lip nod . they walk towards the exit . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) one more thing -- we will be attend many event before and after the concert , interact with some of the wealthiest and most highly - educate people in the country . it be my feel that you diction , as charming as it may be in the tri-state area , could use a bit of finess . lip like you mean diction in what way ? dr . shirley in the only way the word '' diction '' be ever use . lip ( unsure ) okay ... dr . shirley you intonation , inflection , choice of word -- lip ayyyy , I get my own problem , I gotta worry what other people think about the way I talk ? dr . shirley there be simple technique I can teach you that be quite effective . I can help you . ( continued ) 36 . continued : lip be frustrated . lip I do not need no goddamn help . if people do not like the way I talk , they can go take a shit . dr . shirley the profanity be another issue . lip a fanabla , why you breakin’ my ball ? dr . shirley because you can do better . and here 's another thing -- as guest of honor , I will be announce when I enter this intimate event . you will be announce as well . vallelonga may be difficult to pronounce . I be think '' valle '' would be more appropriate . tony valle . it 's short and simple . lip nuh-uh . if they get a problem with vallelonga , they can call I tony lip . shirley wince . dr . shirley this be genteel people . that might be a little ... worldly for they . lip then it 's tony vallelonga . all this high - class people that be so much smarter than I , with all they intelligence and speakin’ ability , you be tell I they can not pronounce my name ? dr . shirley I be just tell you , valle will make thing easier . lip my last name be vallelonga and I be not change it for nobody . they do not like it , they can shove it up they ass -- I '1ll just wait outside . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) Dr. shirley consider this . dr . shirley a sound compromise . CUT to : establishing shot - pittsburgh mansion - evening ext . mansion - back parking lot - evening - same fill with black chauffeur kill time next to they car . waiter , busboy , Waitress , cook , all black , move in and out of the home . lip light a cigarette , look around ... close on - lipus expression as he realize he 's the only white help . lip notice a chauffeur try to watch the show from a wide - OPEN side - window . he join he . from here , he can see inside the ballroom . he Pov - a well - dress white audience pack the lavish room . on stage , a steinway piano , a cello , and a stand - up bass . a distinguished - look woman , mc , 40s , step up to the microphone . mc lady and gentleman , tonight we be privileged to present a great american artist . he give he first public performance at the age of three . at age eighteen , at Arthur fiedler 's invitation , we guest make he concert debut with the Boston pop . he hold doctorate in psychology , in Music , and in the liturgical Arts , and have perform at the White House twice in the last fourteen month . he be a true virtuoso . back on lip as he lean toward a chauffeur , 60 , beside he . lip virtuoso -- that 's italian . means he 's really good . back to scene -- mc lady and gentleman , please welcome the Don shirley Trio ! ( continued ) 38 . continued : as the audience applaud , Dr. shirley , oleg , and George take they place at they respective instrument . the Trio open with the Irving Berlin standard '' blue skie . '' shirley , use he own prodigious technique , be elegant . the audience be mesmerize . angle on lip as he step closer to the window . close on dr . shirley - his hand glide over the steinway 's ivory like a bird in flight . each finger be center key , each note pluck perfectly . he 's a virtuoso at the peak of he craft . push in on lip as he realize that he 's not drive a piano player , he 's drive a genius . CUT to : ext . mansion - driveway - night close on - dice rolling ... a four and a six ! pull back - a crap game be played out between parked car ... dice , dollar bill , and quarter on the ground . lip roll the dice . he 's surround by the chauffeur , busboy , waiter , cook . everyone scream as lip ... roll four and four . more cheering , money laid down ... lip roll again ... five and five ! winner ! cheer and moan ... lip grab the pile of money . busboy shit ! he win again ! lip hey , it 's you dice , I be just have a lucky day . dr . shirley ( 0.s. ) tony ! lip turn to see shirley at the end of the aisle of park car . chauffeur boss man 's callin’ . lip he be not my boss . I work for the record company . ( continued ) 39 . continued : lip scoops up he winning , walk away to the crowd 's dismay . busboy ( call after he ) come on ! give we a chance to win back we loot ! lip sorry , fella , duty call ! lip join shirley at the car . dr . shirley I have be look for you . lip sorry . the guy be have a little game . dr . shirley if you need extra money , next time , ask I . lip it 's more fun win it . they reach the cadillac . lip open the back door . dr . shirley what if you lose ? lip ( smile ) crap and card , I do not lose , Doc . I do not lose . dr . shirley and stooping down in the gravel throw dice for pocket change make you a winner ? lip what be you give I shit for ? everybody be doin’ it . shirley eyeball lip. dr . shirley they do not have a choice whether to be inside or out . you do . this hit a nerve with lip . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) let 's go . and wipe you knee , you have get dirt on they . shirley get in , pull the car door shut . lip , embarrassed , brushes the dirt off he pants . establishing shot - motel - ohio - night int . motel room - same modest , dimly light . lip sit at a desk , pen poise . he stare down at a blank piece of paper , take a breath , start to write . lip ( v.0o . ) ( slow , simple ) dear dolore ... how be you ? I be fine ... int . lip 's apartment - day Nick and frankie be eat lunch as dolore sit , read : dolore ( read ) '' I be eat real good -- hamburger mostly -- so do not worry about I not eat good . we be do lot of drive around , and we talk a lot in the car . I see Dr. shirley tonight play piano . he do not play like a color guy . he play like liberace but better and I be not lie . he 's like a genius I think . when I look at he in the rear-view mirror , I can tell he 's always think and work stuff out in he head , I guess that 's what geniuse do . but it do not look fun to be that smart . I miss you very very much , baby . Love , tony . p.s. -- I tell you I can not write letter , ha ha ! regards to you father and brother . I be go to get a haircut tomorrow . p.s. -- kiss nickie and frankie both for I . '' as dolore smile , we -- CUT to : ext . highway - ohio - day shirley 's cadillac drive along . int . cadillac - day lip drive . next to he , a couple of map , soda bottle , empty candy wrapper . shirley sit comfortably in the back , read glass on the edge of he nose , read allan drury 's a shade of difference . lip fiddle with the radio , change station . stop on the song Lucille . lip turn it up . shirley take notice . dr . shirley who be this ? lip what ? dr . shirley on the radio . lip lil 's Richard . Dr. shirley listen , surprised . dr . shirley this be Little Richard ? lip yeah , he 's good . think you could play somethin’ like this , Doc ? dr . shirley ( of course he could ) I do not know . sound very complicated . shirley lower he book . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) so where do this '' tony the lip '' moniker come from ? lip not tony the lip . tony lip -- it 's one word . I get it when I be a kid . my friend say I be the best bullshit artist in the bronx . ( continued ) 42 . continued : lip smile into the rear-view mirror . dr . shirley why be you smile ? lip huh ? dr . shirley you do not mind that you friend -- the people close to you -- consider you a liar ? lip ( offended ) I never say liar , I say bullshit artist . dr . shirley what 's the difference ? lip I do not lie . I be just good at , you know , talk people into doin’ thing they do not wanna do . by bullshittin’ ‘em . dr . shirley and you be proud of that ? lip shrug , smile . lip well it get I this job . CUT to : ext . highway - ohio - day - later the caddy whip by . int . cadillac - day - same slow twistin 's by chubby checker play on the radio . lip be look back at shirley , annoyed . lip you be full of shit ! you never hearda chubby checker ? dr . shirley of course I have hear of he , I just never hear he music . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 . continued : dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) but I like this . he 's get a silky voice ... smooth . lip this be what everyone dance to now -- dr . shirley eye on the road please . lip flip the station . aretha Franklin 's wo not be Long plays . lip how about this ? you know this song . dr . shirley I do not think so ... lip look back at Dr. shirley in disbelief . lip how could you not know this music ? chubby checker , lil 's Richard , Sam cooke , aretha - - this be you people ! shirley wear a strain smile . CUT to : ext . gas station / novelty shop - day lip and shirley 's car , follow by oleg and George 's car , pull into the gas station and park . lip get out , shirley wait in the car , window open . oleg and George also get out of they car , stretch , smoke . lip walk to the novelty shop , which have a outside porch area with multiple display , knick - knack , etc . one of the box be fill with a assortment of polished stone of various shape , size , and color . lip go to the box of stone , pick up a few , check they out , put they back . oleg watch as lip spot a large jade - colored stone on the ground . he pick it up , look it over ... put it in he pocket ... on dr . shirley 's car - moment later oleg speak to shirley through the back window . lip exit the store , light a smoke , head toward shirley 's cadillac . oleg go back to he car . lip get in , start the car . ( continued ) continued : 44 , dr . shirley before we pull out , tony , we need to talk . I just hear something that disturb I a great deal . I give you petty cash . lip yeah , so ? dr . shirley oleg tell I what you do . lip what I do ? dr . shirley you steal a jade stone from the store . lip no I do not . dr . shirley he watch you do it . lip I do not steal no stone . dr . shirley you pick it up and you put it in you pocket . lip yeah , I pick a rock up off the ground -- I do not steal one from the box . dr . shirley why would you pick up a rock off the ground ? lip ' Cause that be not stealin’ . it 's just a regular rock . dr . shirley ( frustrated ) but why would you want a regular rock ? lip ( search ) I do not know , just to have . like for good luck maybe . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . shirley a lucky rock ? let I see it . reluctantly , lip pull out the jade stone . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) I want you to go back and pay for it . lip be embarrassed , angry . lip I tell you that kraut be a sneak . rat I out for something I do not even do . dr . shirley pay for the stone , tony , you will feel better . lip I feel fine , and I be not pay for no regular rock I find in the dirt . lip put the car in drive . dr . shirley do not drive , Mr. vallelonga . lip stop , put it in park . they sit in silence . finally ... lip get out , slam the door , storm off . shirley wait . a few moment later , lip get back in the car , throw it into drive . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) feel better ? lip no. dr . shirley tony , if you have like , I will happily buy you that stone . lip do not bother . you take all the fun out of it . as shirley 's cadillac pull back onto the highway , we go ... establishing shot - college campus - indiana - day shirley 's cadillac pull in front . lip get out . 46 . int . indiana college campus - concert hall - afternoon the place be empty except for oleg and George set up they instrument on stage . as lip enter , oleg start to play a song on the cello . lip go to a broken down piano on the stage . he look it over . this can not be right . he open the top , inside ... garbage ... crumbled paper , a coke bottle , dirty napkins ... lip see the stage manager off to the side of the stage . lip Excuse I ... I be with the band . stage manager you be all set up . lip this be not the piano , right ? the stage manager approach . this guy 's big , Duke Wayne with a hammer holster . stage manager that 's it . lip this be not a steinway ...? stage manager so what ? lip Dr. shirley only play on steinway - brand pianos . it 's in he write contract . stage manager who 's Dr. shirley ? lip Dr. shirley -- the Don shirley Trio ? stage manager do it really matter ? lip yes , it do . it 's in he contract . the stage manager roll he eye . ( continued ) 47 . continued : stage manager come on , what 's the difference -- this coon can play on anything . close on oleg and GEORGE as they stop what they be do and take notice . back on lip as he look closely at the filthy piano . lip but there 's garbage in this thing . stage manager so , take it out . lip stiffen . lip what have you say ? stage manager you hear I . lip get a clean steinway in here . stage manager there 's no steinway on campus . lip not my problem . stage manager I bet there be not two steinway in the whole state of Indiana . lip then you better move you ass and start lookin’ . oleg and George exchange a glance . the stage manager puff up . stage manager who you think you be talk to , greaseball ? without warning , lip lash out with a brutal OPEN -hand slap to the stage manager 's ear . the stage manager stagger back and sideways . he stare at lip , daze . smash CUT to : the steinway emblem ... 48. int . indiana college campus - concert hall - night Dr. shirley 's finger tinkle the ivory on a steinway , perform '' happy talk '' to a sell - out house . close on the wing of the stage where lip be listen to the music , satisfied . the stage manager stand a few foot back from he , look sheepish and a little scared . dissolve to : quick montage as '' happy talk '' continue ... -- lip sit in a diner writing a letter . shirley be across from he , reading a newspaper . lip ( v.0 . ) '' dear dolore ... this morning I have steak and egg . for breakfast . '' -- dolore reading the letter and smiling . lip ( v.0 . ) '' the band have be play at very ritzy joint . Dr. shirley and I be get along pretty good , but sometimes I think he get depressed and drink too much . " -- close on dr . shirley playing at a high - society party ... lip ( v.0 . ) '' I never know how very beautiful this country be . now that I be see it I know . you would not believe how beautiful nature be -- it be as beautiful as they say . I wish I have a camera and take some picture , they would be collector 's item , I wish I know how to describe it to you . '' -- dr . shirley 's car drive on various highway , with amazing view of the countryside ... sign for neenah , wisconsin ... muscatine , iowa ... indianapolis ... ST. louis ... lip ( v.0 . ) '' and the traffic out here in the country be nothing , which be fine by I . " 49 . -- back in the diner where lip be writing the letter . lip ( v.0 . ) '' right now I be eat spaghetti and meatball in a diner that taste like ketchup on chinese noodle . I miss you cooking ... '' -- shirley lower he newspaper , glance at lip 's chicken - scratch penmanship , shake he head . -- shirley trio performing for several hundre people ... lip '' we be head down south now ... I will write you another letter when we get down south . I love you ... you husband tony ... p.s. -- kiss the kid for I ... '' -- dolore sit alone in bed , finishes reading the letter . '' happy talk '' end . ext . kentucky highway - day shirley 's car motor past a '' welcome to kentucky '' sign . int . cadillac - day on the radio , '' whole lotta shakin 's go on , '' Jerry Lee Lewis attack the piano . lip get any family , Doc ? dr . shirley not really . lip not really ? either you do or you do not . dr . shirley it 's a long story , tony . lip what , we be in a rush now ? shirley take a beat , reluctantly open up . ( continued ) continued : 50 . dr . shirley I have a brother somewhere . we use to get together once ina while ... but it get more and more difficult to keep in touch . that 's the curse of be a musician - - you be always on the road , like a carnival worker , or a criminal . ( beat ) it take a toll on my marriage as well . lip glance in the rear-view mirror . lip you be marry ? dr . shirley be . they drive for a moment . ext . road dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) June be a good person -- terrible grammar , but a kind soul . unfortunately , I do not have the constitution to do a husband act as well as a concert pianist act . I could not balance both world . - kentucky fried chicken - day - later angle on kentucky fry Chicken sign , then we ... pan to the caddy approach . int . caddy - continuous lip sit up , excited . lip kentucky fry Chicken ... in kentucky ! when 's that ever gonna happen ?! ext . kentucky fried chicken - day - continuous the cadillac pull into the parking lot . int . cadillac - day - continuous lip look over the seat-back . lip what do you want ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : dr . shirley I be fine . thank you . smash CUT to : int . cadillac - day they're back on the road , a bucket of kentucky fry Chicken in the front seat next to lip . he wolf down a chicken leg as he drive . lip this might be the best kentucky fry Chicken I ever have . but I guess it 's fresher down here , right ? Dr. shirley shrug . dr . shirley I do not think I have ever meet anyone with you appetite . lip no , I buy the bucket so you could have some . dr . shirley I have never have fry chicken in my life . lip who you bullshittin’ ? you people love the fry chicken , the grit , the color green ... I love it , too . the negro cook use to make it when I be in the army . dr . shirley you have a very narrow assessment of I , tony . lip ( pleased ) yeah , I be good , right ? dr . shirley what ? no . no , you be not good , you be bad . I be say , just because other negro people listen to a certain kind of music do not mean I have to . nor do we all have to eat the same food . ( continued ) continued : lip look lip hold lip take lip take 52 . at shirley in the mirror . lip ( cont ’d whoa , wait a minute . if you say all guinea like pizza and spaghetti and meatball , I be not gonna get insulted . dr . shirley you be miss the point . for you to make the assumption that -- lip Doc , you want some or not ? up the bucket . dr . shirley no . another big , juicy bite . lip tell I that do not smell good ? dr . shirley it smell okay , but I do not want to get grease on my blanket . lip oooh , I be gonna get grease on my blankie- - have a piece . it be not gonna kill ya . a piece of chicken , hold it out to shirley . lip ( cont 'd ) just grab it and eat it ! dr . shirley no . lip I be gonna throw it in the back seat . dr . shirley do not you dare ! lip then you better take it . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . shirley how ? do you even have utensil ? plates ? lip bah fongool ! eat it with you hand , that 's how you be suppose to . dr . shirley I can not do that . lip I swear I be gonna throw it ! shirley reluctantly take the chicken . dr . shirley I ... I really can not do this . lip eat_ the goddamn thing . shirley take a bite . lip can see he 's enjoy it . lip ( cont 'd ) what , no good ? very good . dr . shirley I just ... this seem so ... so unsanitary . lip ' give a shit ?! relax and enjoy it . my father always say , whatever you do , do it hundred percent . when you work , work , when you laugh , laugh , when you eat , eat like it 's you last meal . shirley be clearly enjoy the chicken . lip ( cont 'd ) want another piece ? have a leg ! lip hand shirley a leg . dr . shirley what do we do about the bone ? lip we do this . ( continued ) 54 , continued : ( 3 ) lip throw he bone out the window . after a beat , shirley roll down he window and do the same . they smile at one another for the first time . then lip finish he Coke and toss the cup out the window . as shirley lose he smile , we : CUT to : same scene - moment later the caddy be back up in the breakdown lane . it stop next to the discarde cup , lip 's door open , he pick it up , and they drive on . CUT to : ext . downtown louisville motel - early evening the caddy pull up in front of a run - down motel with a '' for colored only '' sign . low -end , one - level on the edge of downtown . nothing like the upscale hotel they have be stay in . lip behind the wheel , reading the GREEN book ; shirley in the backseat . lip this can not be it . say right here ... ( point to Green Book ) «+. cozy as you own home ... this place look like my ass . dr . shirley this be the place . the guy get out of the car . lip take shirley 's bag out of the trunk . lip if you need anything , I 'il be up the street at the easton Inn . so ... see you tomorrow . Dr. shirley take he bag , walk up the rickety front step . dissolve to : ext . downtown louisville motel - evening - later music from a transistor radio . black family sit at table outside the motel . ( continued ) 55 . continued : shirley , smartly dress in a dinner jacket , sit away from everyone on the ramshackle porch nursing a glass of cutty sark . shirley ’'s Pov - the family be eat , drink , enjoy the night . child run around , play game , have fun . three men be set up a game of horseshoe in the yard . one of the men call to shirley . man # 1 hey , fancy - pants , you wanna play ? dr . shirley um ... no , thank you . man # 2 come on , we short a man ! shirley shift in he chair , uncomfortable . dr . shirley I ... I would rather not . man # 1 what , you too high and mighty ? man # 3 he 's just afraid of get that butler uniform all dusty ! the man laugh . dr . shirley I be just ... I be on my way out to meet a friend . shirley drain he scotch , stand , and walk into the night . int . lip 's HOTEL room - night close on bedside table where we see a wallet , a pack of smoke , and , surprisingly , the jade rock that we think lip have return . pull back to reveal lip , in boxer , sit up in bed , flipping through the GREEN book . he put the book aside a moment , open a pizza box on the bed beside he . he take out the entire uncut pizza , fold it in half and take a bite . ( continued ) 56 . continued : he go back to the book . close on the cover - up top it say negro motorist Green Book . down below read : '' for vacation without aggravation . '' lip ( read to himself ) vacation without aggravation ... vaffangool . he flip through the book . close on a page - it read : '' assure Protection for the negro traveler . " below it there 's a ad for '' Gerald 's Restaurant in buffalo , New York - delightful dinner for particular people -- open 24 hour . '' lip turn to another page . close on page - a photo of Mrs. ressie Harris , the owner of quinn 's Hotel - '' the most fabulous hotel for color . " there 's a urgent knock on the door . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) tony , it 's George ! wake up ! hurry up ! lip get up , open the door . it 's George , sweat and out of breath . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Dr. shirley 's in trouble . ext . STREET - night George and lip hustle down the street . GEORGE ( panicked ) I go out for a drink , I walk into this bar , and there 's shirley get bounce around ! I do not want to leave he , but I do not know what to do ! int . dive bar - night a shit-hole . drunken redneck surround a even drunker shirley . laughing as they shove he , smack he around . lip ( 0.s. ) get you hand off he ! the redneck stop they fun . bar go quiet . they turn toward lip and George . ( continued ) 57 . continued : redneck # 1 what the good goddamn we get here , fella ? lip Hand he over , we walk out , will not be a problem . redneck # 1 already be a problem , mister . dr . shirley ( slurring ) I just come in for a drink . redneck # 1 you come in here for a drink ? then you must be tired of livin’ , boy . lip I tell you , hand he over , we ’l1l leave . redneck # 2 roughly rub Dr. shirly 's head . redneck # 2 he be not go nowhere , we need this brillo pad to wash they dish with ... lip hey , do yourself a favor and let he go . now. tense beat . redneck # 1 say it nice . lip I just say it nice . the bumpkin spread out , advance a step . redneck # 1 pull out a buck knife . redneck # 1 this boy 's gonna get what 's come to he , and you be not get no say ! lip calmly reach behind he back , under he suit jacket . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) lip maybe . but , whatever happen , I be gonna put a bullet right in the middle of that thick skull of yours . beat . redneck # 2 he be not get no gun , Ray . let 's get he . he 's fulla shit . redneck # 3 what if he be not ? redneck # 1 try to read lip 's face ... impossible . lip can stare down a army . man' voice ( 0.s. ) well , I sure be not . angle on - the barkeep , 60 , hold a shotgun , point it directly at lip and George . barkeep and I will not be have none of this come to pass in my place . let the spook go . I want this yank off my property . after a beat , the redneck reluctantly open a path for shirley . shirley stagger toward lip and collapse against he . lip motion for George to exit , then lip throw shirley over he shoulder and back out the door , he eye peel for trouble . ext . downtown louisville motel - night - later a irate lip walk a inebriated shirley throught the parking lot of the motel . lip what the hell 's wrong with you ?! you go in there alone ? a unsteady shirley lean against a car . dr . shirley ( still slurry ) I apologize for put you in that position , tony . ( continued ) continued : 59 . lip I do not understand you , Doc , honest to God . why could not you just drink here -- you get a whole bottle ? dr . shirley I need some air . lip Air ?! do not you know where you be ? shirley look at he oddly . dr . shirley do the geography really matter ? lip what ? dr . shirley if I walk into a bar in you neighborhood , would this conversation be any different ? lip dodge the question . lip from now on you do not go nowhere without I . nowhere ! dr . shirley tony ... do you really have a gun ? lip ' course not . now get some rest . you get a big show tomorrow night . now where 's you room doc ? shirley point , lip help Doc to he room . CUT to : int . louisville concert hall - night lip stand off to the side as a all - white audience watch the Don shirley Trio give a magnificent performance of they hit , '' lullaby of birdland . '' when they finish , the crowd erupt in a stand ovation . dr . shirley thank you , louisville , for you warm hospitality ! 60 . ext . country road - NORTH CAROLINA - day shirley 's cadillac pass a billboard that read : '' welcome to raleigh - home of the n.c. state university wolfpack '' int . cadillac - NORTH CAROLINA - day lip and shirley drive along look through bug-smeared window . mile and mile of sweet potato field . lip ( struggle ; slow ) '' Betty buy ... a bit of buttah ... but she find the buttah bittah ... '' dr . shirley not buttah ... butter . say the '' er . '' lip dr . shirley '' so Betty buy a bit of better butter to make the bitter butter better ... '' lip '' so Betty bit a buttah ... '' dr . shirley do not be lazy -- enunciate . '' so Betty buy a bit of better butter ... '' lip '' so , Betty bit a better buttah - - '' this be bullshit . dr . shirley no , you need to start somewhere . athlete stretch to warm up before a event . a singer do vocal exercise . this drill will strengthen you speech muscle . we hear a nasty '' ping '' from the engine o.s. steam rise from under the hood , splashes against the windshield . ext . country road - NORTH CAROLINA - day the caddy pull over and lip step out into the blaze sun . heat wave ripple off the scalding asphalt . lip remove he jacket , toss it onto the front seat . he roll up he sleeve , lift the heavy cadillac hood . ( continued ) 61 . continued : shirley roll down the back window , observe dozen of black worker labor in the sun . Men , woman , child , bent to the waist , fill woven basket with sweet potato . shirley step out of the cadillac , walk to the front of the car where lip be thigh - deep under the hood . while shirley lean on the fender , lip walk to the trunk , pull out a jug of water and a rag . he go back to the engine , open the hot radiator cap , pour the water in . Dr. shirley wipe the sweat bead off he forehead with he suit- pocket handkerchief , look out onto the field . one by one the picker stand up and stare back at he from both side of the road . they have never see a black man like he before . lip crawl out from under the hood , wipe he hand with a cloth . he notice the picker stare at shirley . lip slam the hood , get in the car . shirley take a reflective beat ... follow . CUT to : establishing shot - NORTH CAROLINA plantation - late day close on a stuff - shirt , morgan anderson , 5as , stand on the veranda . morgan anderson lady and gentleman , we very special guest from the far north ... Don shirley ! applause . pull back to reveal a elite Southern crowd surround he . classical music drift from the stereo inside . black waiter carry trays fill with champagne and hor d'oeuvre . angle on a wide - eye lip stand with shirley , oleg , and George . morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) accompany Mr. shirley , the member of he trio ... ( read a small program ) oleg malakhov , George dyer , and he associate , tony vallla ... valleg ... valle ... ( continued ) 62 . continued : shirley , embarrassed , shoot lip a vague I - tell - you - so look . lip shrug , he 's not help . morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) Valley ... lohnja . lip smirk as the partygoer clap . afterwards , Anderson turn back to oleg and George . morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) gentlemen , if you do not mind , I be go to steal donnie away for some introduction . as Anderson walk shirley into the house , oleg and George grab glass of sugare bourbon and mingle . lip look around , take it all in . a waiter approach with a tray . lip what 's this ? waiter pimiento - cheese sandwich , sir . lip take one off the tray , try it . lip oot. lip spit into a napkin , plop the ball - up napkin on the tray . smash CUT : int . plantation - dine room - night - later guest sit around a immense dining table . lip sit between the well - coiffed woman and a elderly woman . Dr. shirley sit in the seat of honor to the right of Mr. Anderson , at the head of the table . White -glove black waiter place sterling - silver - cover platter down the length of the table . morgan anderson earlier this week , we ask we help what Mr. shirley might like for supper . so the boy in the kitchen whipped up a special menu in honor of we guest . they lift the platter cover , revealing : corn on the cob , baked bean , collard green , grit , and the main course ... ( continued ) 63 . continued : fried chicken ... lip shoot Dr. shirley a look ... see ? morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) Don , I do hope you enjoy it ! dig in , everyone ! shirley nod and bite he tongue as a waiter pile fry chicken onto he plate . we hear the beautiful chord of '' water boy '' as ... int . NORTH CAROLINA plantation - ballroom - later that night the Don shirley Trio give a magnificent performance of they biggest hit . as shirley finish the song , the room erupt in applause . Dr. shirley bow . dr . shirley thank you ... thank you . we will return after a brief intermission . int . NORTH CAROLINA plantation - hallway - moment later shirley walk down the hall . he see a bathroom and start to enter . morgan anderson ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Don ! shirley turn to see Anderson come down the hall . morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) Lovely work in there ! dr . shirley thank you . morgan anderson be you look for the commode ? here , let I help you . he lead shirley to a back door , open it . morgan anderson ( cont ’d ) it 's right out there ' fore the pine . shirley look out , see a old outhouse at the edge of the wood . dr . shirley I have rather not use that . ( continued ) continued : 64 . morgan anderson do not be silly , Don . it look a lot worse from the outside . dr . shirley I understand . but I be not go in there . there 's a awkward standoff . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) I could go back and use the facility at my motel , but ... that 's go to take at least a half a hour . Anderson consider this for a beat , then give a friendly smile . morgan anderson we do not mind waitin’ . smash CUT to : quick shot of the caddy whipping down a country road . int . cadillac - night - same shirley stew in the back seat . lip why do not I just pull over -- you can piss in the wood ? dr . shirley animal go in the wood . lip but it 's twenty minute if we go back to you motel . dr . shirley so let 's just get there so I can go back and finish the show . lip ayyyy - . see , that 's the difference between you and I . I have have zero problem goin 's in the wood . dr . shirley I be aware . ( continued ) 65 . continued : lip glance in the mirror . lip why you sore at I ? I do not make the rule down here . dr . shirley no ? who do ? lip get the subtext . lip ay be you sayin 's that just ' cause I be white and they be white ? that 's a very prejudice thing you just say there , a very prejudice thing . I get more in common with the hymy at second Avenue deli than I get with this hillbilly prick down here . dr . shirley eye on the road . lip you know , you always say that when you do not like what I be say . dr . shirley eye on the road . CUT to : ext . NORTH CAROLINA plantation - night - later show 's over , guest be depart . as Dr. shirley accept congratulation out on the step , lip stand by the cadillac , smoking with George . lip how do he smile and shake they hand like that ? if they try to pull that outhouse shit with I , I would piss right on they dining room floor . GEORGE do not do that ... oleg hear this , approach . oleg we have many concert date leave . ( continued ) continued : 66 . lip yeah ...? oleg you realize we be contractually oblige to play they ? lip of course I do . if he do not play ‘em , I do not get pay . what 's you point ? oleg light a butt . oleg Ugly circumstance be go to happen again ... so control yourself . lip kick he cigarette out in the dirt . lip do not lecture I , you rat . oleg Dr. shirley could have stay up north get rear - end kiss at Park Avenue party for three time money , but he ask for this . lip why ? oleg take a pull off he cigarette , walk away . CUT to : ext . stuckey 's restaurant - south CAROLINA - day lip and Dr. shirley sit at a table outside . lip eat potato chip as he work on a letter . shirley can see that he 's struggle . dr . shirley what on God 's green earth be you do ? lip a letter . dr . shirley look more like a piecemeal ransom note . ( continued ) 67 . continued : shirley hold he hand out . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) May I ? lip reluctantly hand he the letter . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) ( read aloud ) '' dear , dolore - - I be meeting all the highly lead citizen of the town , people who use big word , all of they , but you know I , I get by , I be a good bullshitter . '' ( to lip ) two '' t "s in '' bullshitter . '' ( continue read ) '' as I be write this letter , I be eat potato chip and I be start to get thirsty . I wash my sock last night and dry they on the tv . I should have brung the iron . " ( to lip ) you know this be pathetic , right ? lip shrug , embarrassed . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) tell I what you be try to say . lip look up . lip ( embarrassed ) I do not know . just ... you know , how I miss she and shit . dr . shirley then tell she that . but try to say it in a manner that no one have ever say it . lip shit ... dr . shirley and without profanity . shirley give the letter back to lip , then start to pace . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) put this down . '' dolore , when I think of you , I be remind of the beautiful plain of Iowa . '' lip stare at he . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) put it down . lip start to write . lip ( repeat ) '' when -I - think -of-you - I be -remind - of -the-beautiful ... " lip look up . dr . shirley Plains of Iowa . lip what plane ? dr . shirley the plain . p-l-a-i-n-s . that big field we see . lip oh , that be nice . ( write ) '' , .. plain of Iowa -- which be what they call big field around here . '' dr . shirley ( annoyed ) tony , no expound . lip look up , confuse . lip no what ? dr . shirley just write what I say . shirley keep pace as he think . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) '' the distance between we be break my spirit ... my time and experience without you be meaningless to I . '' ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 3 ) lip write feverishly to keep up . lip ( repeat ) '' , .. be meaningless to I . '' lip start to write again . dr . shirley now this ... '' falling in love with you be the easiest thing I have ever do . '' eye glue to the page , lip scribble away furiously . lip '' falling in love with you be the easiest thing ... '' ( look up , smile ) this be very fuck romantic . as lip continue write , we go ... int . lip 's apartment - live room - night dolore sit on the couch read the letter , the kid asleep next to she ... in she head , she hear lip 's voice . lip ( v.0 . ) nothing matter but you . I be the luckiest man alive , and every moment I be without you , I realize this . dolore can barely believe the poetry pour out of she husband . lip ( v.0 . ) I love you the day I meet you , I love you today ... dolore be practically in tear and we go ... back on shirley as he finishes dictating the word . dr . shirley be it okay if I say , '' p.s. , kiss the kid '' ? shirley break from he trance . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) a p.s.? ( continued ) 70 . continued : lip yeah , at the end . dr . shirley that 's like clanging a cowbell at the end of shostakovich 's 7th . lip nod as if he know what shirley 's talk about . lip ( hopeful ) so it 's okay ? Dr. shirley can not say no to the child in front of he . dr . shirley it 's perfect , tony . lip smile and write ... CUT to : ext . macon , georgia - day lip and shirley walk down the street . they pass by a menus clothing store and shirley stop to look in the window . angle on store window -- a white mannequin don a high - end british - style suit and vest . lip that guy look just like you , Doc . dr . shirley he do ? lip ( realize ) size-wise . shirley study the suit , consider it . lip ( cont 'd ) go in and try it on . what , you always gotta wear a tux on stage ? mix it up a little . int . men 's clothing store - day - moment later as lip and shirley enter , a couple businessmen be try on suit . a tailor approach lip . tailor May I help you , sir ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : lip we want to try on that suit in the window . tailor of course . the tailor pull a suit off the rack , hand it to lip . tailor ( cont 'd ) dress room 's in the back , sir . lip hand shirley the suit . dr . shirley thanks . i’1l just be a moment . lip take you time . i’1l check out some tie for ya . the tailor react , follow shirley toward the dress room . tailor uh , excuse I , you be not allow to try that on . dr . shirley I beg you pardon ? the tailor take the suit from he . tailor if you would like to purchase it first , we will be happy to tailor it to you need . shirley stare at he a moment , get it , and head for the door . angle on lip at the tie rack , watch all this . frustrate , he glare at the tailor and follow shirley out . CUT to : int . capitol theatre - night - same the Don shirley Trio be in top form as they finish play a spirite rendition of blue skie . the song reach a crescendo , the crowd burst into applause , and we CUT to : 72 . int . lip 's HOTEL room - night lip 's in the bathroom wash he sock in the sink . we hear alfred hitchcock present come from the 0.s. television . the phone ring o.s . lip go to the bed , pass the television . we see black sock hang on the rabbit ear antenna and some underwear drying on the vent of the tv . lip answer the phone . lip yeah ... ext . macon ymca - night lip enter the ymca . int . macon ymca - pool area - moment later lip approach policeman # 1 stand beside a swim pool . lip I get a call about Dr. shirley . policeman # 1 come on ... lip follow the policeman . int . macon ymca - locker room / steam room - night policeman # 1 enter the locker room follow by lip . Dr. shirley , bruise , be handcuff , sit on the floor , naked ( also see from the side ) . his skin still wet from the steam room and sweat . next to he also naked and cuffed to the radiator , be a white man . policeman # 1 walk lip over to policeman # 2 , African american . policeman # 1 this be he . lip can you give the guy a towel , for chrissake ? no one move . lip grab a towel off a rack and throw it to shirley , who cover himself as best he can . policeman # 2 you a lawyer ? ( continued ) continued : 73 . lip no. policeman # 2 well you should call one . we be take you auntie in . lip for what ? policeman # 1 manager catch he and the other guy ... the cop motion to the caucasian man in cuff . lip glance over at the daze and humiliate shirley . beat . lip can not we get the cuff off he , let he put he pants on ? policeman # 1 sure we can . but we be not . lip look , we be out of here in the morning , you will never see we again . there 's gotta be a way to work this out . ( scramble ) what if , uh , you let he go , and I give you something to thank you ? policeman # 1 you bribe we ? lip no , no ... a thank you . policeman # 1 what kind of thank you ? lip like ... a donation to the police force . to you guy . whatever you want . ( think ) you like suit ? ( more ) ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) lip ( cont 'd ) I be walk through you nice town today , I see a store that be sell suit . Nice suit . the cop glance at one another . lip ( cont 'd ) how about , as a thank you - - a donation -- I buy you guy each a suit ? you get dress up nice , take you wife out to dinner . guy like you , you deserve it . the two policeman glance at each other . smash CUT to ext . macon ymca - night shirley trail lip as they exit the ymca and walk toward the parking lot . no one speak . then ... dr . shirley ( subdued ) they be wrong for the way they treat I , and you reward they . we see that shirley 's eye be bruise , he lip slightly swollen . lip I be hire to make sure you get from one show to the next . how I do it should not matter to you . dr . shirley I just wish you have not pay they off . lip I do what I have to do . you know , if this get out it would kill you career . dr . shirley okay , tony , quit you phony altruism and concern for my career . lip what the hell do that mean ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : dr . shirley you be only think about yourself back there , because you know if I miss a show , it come out of you pocket . lip of course I do not want you to miss a show , you ungrateful bastard ! you think I be do this for my health ?! tonight I save you ass , so show a little appreciation . besides , I tell you never to go nowhere without I ! dr . shirley ( calmly ) I assume you would want this to be the exception . lip get in the car without open shirley 's door . shirley stand alone a moment , then open he own door . CUT to : ext . highway - next day the cadillac drive past a welcome to tennessee sign . CUT to : ext . peabody HOTEL - memphis - front entrance - day shirley 's cadillac pull up . the window be close . int . cadillac - day - continuous lip and shirley sit for a moment . it 's clear they have not speak for a while . lip ( be : bruise ) should I try to find you some make - up or somethin’ before the show ? dr . shirley I be fine . lip you sure ? dr . shirley I say I be fine . 76 . ext . peabody HOTEL - day - continuous lip get out of the car , open shirley 's door . man' voice ( 0.s. ) tony lip ! lip turn to see two new york wiseguy stand out front wait for they car . the mouth of the group be pug-nose dominic . lip dominic . the hell you doin’ here ? wiseguy # 1 Brooklyn send we down to take care of a few thing . he glance at shirley , who 's wait by the hotel entrance . dominic ( in italian ) who 's the eggplant ? close on - shirley , wait for lip by the hotel entrance . lip ( 0.s. ) ( in italian ) I be work for he . back to lip and dominic . dominic ( in italian ) what have you lose a bet ? one of the wiseguy laugh . dominic ( cont 'd ) ( in italian ) what 's wrong with you ? you need work , you come to I ! I will always find work for you . matter of fact , I can use you this week . gotta hit a few joint , straighten some people out -- you will make some real money . lip ( in italian ) I be make money . ( continued ) 77 . continued : dominic ( in italian ) whatever he 's pay you , I 'il double it . lip glance at shirley . lip ( in italian ) this be not the place to talk about it . dominic ( in italian ) meet I in the bar at eight o'clock sharp . forget this guy . CUT to : int . peabody HOTEL - room - night a concerned - look Don shirley sit in front of the mirror in he room . he take make - up from a SMALL kit and dab at he lip and bruise cheek . CUT to : int . peabody HOTEL - bar - night dominic sit at the bar , have a drink . wiseguy # 1 enter , walk over to dominic . wiseguy # 1 I just call he room . he 'il be down in a minute . int . peabody HOTEL - hallway - night lip come out of he room , lock he door . dr . shirley ( 0.s. ) where be you go ? lip turn to see shirley behind he in the hallway . lip oh. hey. just ... downstairs . for a drink . dr . shirley ( in italian ) to meet you friend , dominic ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : lip be take aback . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) ( in italian ) before you decide whether or not to take he up on the job offer , I think we should have a word . lip realize that shirley understand the earlier conversation . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) tony , I think you be do a wonderful job . lip shrug , not use to shirley be so solicitous . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) so I would like to formally offer you the position of my road manager . with the title come more responsibility and , of course , there will be a raise in pay . lip think about it . lip no , thanks . shirley nod , disappointed . lip ( cont 'd ) you and I , we agree on a hundred and twenty - five a week , plus expense . that 's we deal . I be not goin’ nowhere , Doc . I be just goin 's down to tell ‘em . a surprised shirley watch lip walk to the stairway . dr . shirley tony ... lip stop , look to shirley . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) sorry about last night . lip nod . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) lip do not sweat it . I be workin’ nightclub in the city my whole life ... I know it 's a complicated world . as lip head downstairs , we push in on shirley . CUT to : int . peabody HOTEL - lobby - later that night Dr. shirley and lip sit at a table in the lobby . shirley pour they both a drink from a bottle of cutty sark . lip so , how would you learn how to play so good , Doc ? dr . shirley my mother . she teach I how to play on a old spinet . soon as I could walk , we have travel around the Florida panhandle and I would put on little show in parish and hall . a man who have see I play arrange for I to study at the leningrad conservatory of Music . lip so that 's where they teach you all they song you play ? dr . shirley actually , I be train to play classical music . brahm , franz liszt , chopin - - it 's all I ever want to play . ( smile fade ) but I be persuade by my record company to pursue a career in popular music instead . they tell I audience would never accept a black pianist on the classical stage . want to turn I into just another '' color entertainer . '' you know , the guy who smoke while he 's play , who put a glass of whisky on the piano and then get mad when he 's not respected like Arthur rubinstein . well , you do not see Arthur rubenstein smoking and put a drink on he piano . ( continued ) continued : 80 . lip personally , if you stick to that classic stuff I think it would have be a big mistake . dr . shirley a mistake ? perform the music I train my entire life to play ? lip train ? what be you , a seal ? anyone can sound like Beethoven or Joe Pan or they other guy you say . but you music , what you do , only you can do , and nobody can train for that . shirley think about this . dr . shirley thank you , tony. ( beat ) but ... not everyone can play chopin ... not the way I can . CUT to : ext . country store - day the weather have cool . lip sit on a bench scribbling while a bundle - up shirley pace and wax poetic . dr . shirley ( dictating ) '' , .. the tree have shed they leafy clothing and the color have fade to gray and brown , but my heart burst with red and blue and green from the love I hold inside for you ... '' int . lip 's apartment - night dolore read the letter aloud to louie 's wife , Lynn , and johnny 's wife , Fran . in the b.g. , we see the guy -- grandpas nicola and Anthony , louie , rudy , johnny - - at the kitchen table playing card . dolore ( read aloud ) '' it 's get colder as we travel , but the country be still beautiful . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : dolore ( cont 'd ) I see million of tree , all dust with snow , just like out of a fairy - tale ... '' Lynn and Fran be enthralled . lynn he 's so expressive . dolore smile proudly . dolore '' we have only a few more show before we Christmas concert in Birmingham , Alabama on the 23rd . I will count the hour , minute , and second until you be in my arm . I love and miss you more than I can explain . tony . p.s. -- kiss the kid . '' close on the guy play card in the kitchen . they could not help overhear dolore . louie gotta admit , lip 's letter -- they be not bad . rudy well , it 's in the family . they say we have a great , great , great grandfather help Da vinci with the sixteen Chapel . johnny you mean Michelangelo . rudy right . and that 's a true story , right , pop ? johnny what the hell 's that get to do with writin’ letter ? rudy I be just sayin’ , we be a arty family . france yell to John . france John , I want a letter . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) johnny yeah , soon as you make a meal ... as the guy chuckle , shirley 's song '' the lonesome road '' begin playing , and we go to ... a montage of the next couple week ... -- shirley 's cadillac barrel down a southern highway . the bare tree along the road show sign of the coming winter . -- the don shirley trio performing at a medium - size concert hall . -- lip and shirley 's car stop at a light . a car pull up next to they . the couple inside , 30 , start to stir , as they notice that lip , a white man , be chauffeur a black man . the couple gawk rudely at they . lip look over , smile , and flip they the bird . dr . shirley ( admonish ) tony ... as they drive off , we angle on shirley , who crack a tiny smile . --shirley 's cadillac drive through a rural landscape dusted with snow . --dolore and the kide decorate a christmas tree . she plug it in , the tree light up . --a man in a white tuxedo introduce don shirley to a SMALL gathering . tuxedo man let 's give a fine Louisiana welcome to Don shirley and the Don shirley Trio ! the group give he rouse applause . CUT to : ext . MISSISSIPPI road - night rain pound the pavement , thunder . the cadillac 's headlight fight to cut through the darkness . 83 . int . cadillac - night the torrential rain hammer the roof of the car . visibility be zero , the wiper be not help . frustrate , lip wipe the windshield with he hand . lip you mother 's ass ... through the rear window , a pair of headlight . shirley look back . the car follows they . lip step on it . the light from the tailing vehicle get closer and brighter , illuminating the backseat . lip flip up the rear - view to CUT the glare . lip ( cont 'd ) ' Hell 's this guy doin 's ? suddenly red light flash . ext . MISSISSIPPI road - continuous - night steady rain ... shirley 's cadillac pull over , stop . the highway patrol car tuck in close behind they . two highway patrolmen in rain gear exit they cruiser , approach shirley 's cadillac , shine flashlight into it . int . cadillac - continuous - night patrolman # 1 ' 's flashlight beam through the driver 's window , almost blind lip . a tap on the window . lip open it . patrolman # 1 license and papers ? lip glad to see you guy . I be a little lose . lip hand patrolman # 1 he papers . angle on shirley sit quietly in the back as patrolman # 2 , 20 , fresh - face , shine he flashlight through the window . patrolman # 1 ( to lip ) step out of the car . lip in the rain ? what I do ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : patrolman # 1 out of the car . patrolman # 1 open the door , lip get out . lip stand in the dark , muddy road , the red police light flicker off he drench face . patrolman # 1 ( cont ’d ) why you on this road ? lip I tell you , I have to detour and I be lose . we be not from around here . patrolman # 1 no , you be not . so I be gonna ask you again ... what the hell you doin 's out here ? ( glance at shirley ) and why you drive he ? patrolman # 2 keep the light shine on Dr. shirley . lip he 's my boss . the patrolmen look at one another . patrolman # 1 he can not be out here at night . this be a sundown town . lip what 's that mean ? patrolman # 1 ( to patrolman # 2 ) get he out of the car . check he i.d. lip come on , it 's pour . the young patrolman look to he senior partner . patrolman # 2 I can just get it through the window . patrolman # 1 get he out the goddamn car ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) patrolman # 2 open shirley 's door . patrolman # 2 out . shirley get out in the rain . patrolman # 1 study lip 's license . patrolman # 1 what 's this last name say ? lip vallelonga . patrolman # 1 ' Hell kind of name be that ? lip italian . patrolman # 1 oh , now I get it . that 's why you drive this boy around ... you half a nigger yourself . lip slam patrolman # 1 with a uppercut , dropping he like a stone . patrolman # 2 pull he revolver on lip . policeman # 2 ( shaking ) hand in the air , now ! CUT to : int . mayersville , MISSISSIPPI police station - night lip sit on a concrete slab in a small cell . shirley peer through the bar out at patrolmen # 1 , # 2 , and the grizzle police chief , 5as . dr . shirley Excuse I ! ( no response ) Excuse I , sir . I quite understand why my associate be be hold , but what exactly be I be charge with ? not a glance in he direction . ( continued ) 86 . continued : dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) you seem like reasonable men-- can you let I out so we might discuss the situation please ? patrolman # 1 put the apple butter away , boy -- you be not goin’ nowhere no time soon . Dr. shirley 's demeanor harden . dr . shirley you can not hold I without cause ! patrolman # 1 I get cause . ' Cause you let the sun set on you black ass ! the Chief laugh . dr . shirley I want to speak to a lawyer , I want my phone call ! this be a flagrant violation of my rights ! I demand my phone call immediately ! the young officer look to the Chief , uncomfortable . patrolman # 2 he do have ... rights . the Chief glare at he . finally , the Chief look at patrolman # 1 . police chief give the negra he goddamn call . reluctantly , patrolman # 1 go to the cell , unlock it , walk shirley to a side office . the cop pick up the phone , hold it out to shirley . patrolman # 1 you know a lawyer ? call he . as the cop step away , shirley pull a SMALL black book out of he jacket pocket , flip to a page , dial ... smash CUT to : 87. int . jail cell - night - later lip sit on the floor , stone - face . shirley pace the room , increasingly annoyed . dr . shirley as my mother always say , '' what kind of brand new fool be you ?! '' lip do not respond . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) look out there , tony . take a good look at the officer you hit . lip do not move . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) look at he . lip raise he eye . he Pov - patrolman # 1 be sit in the bullpen , drink coffee , horsing around with the other cop . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) he 's have a grand old time , chat up he pal , have a nice cup of coffee . and where be you ? in here . with I . who do nothing . yet I be the one who 's pay the price . I be the one who 's go to miss the Birmingham show . lip hey , I be losin 's a lot of money , too , if you do not play Birmingham . shirley step in front of lip . dr . shirley so you little temper tantrum ... be it worth it ? ( beat ) you do not win with violence , tony , you win when you maintain you dignity . dignity always prevail . and tonight , because of you , we do not . the station phone ring and patrolman # 2 answer . patrolman # 2 mayersville po-lice . ( continued ) 88 . continued : the young cop straighten up , color drain from he face . patrolman # 2 ( cont ’d ) ( into phone ) no , sir . not I , sir . yes , sir , he 's right here , sir . he hold the phone out to the Chief . police chief what ? the rookie be too stunne to speak . finally , the Chief grab the phone . police chief ( cont 'd ) Chief Pratt -- who 's this ? ( beat ) bull-oney . patrolman # 2 wave frantically and the Chief start to sweat . he stand , start to pace . police chief ( cont 'd ) okay , yes , now I hear it , Governor . I be sorry . yes , of course I recognize you voice . ( shrink ) I - I 's be sorry , you sayin 's the boy we get lock up call who , sir ? ( beat ) and he call you ? the rattle Chief glance at shirley and lip -- who the hell be this guy ? we hear the 0.s. Governor scream at he over the phone . police chief ( cont 'd ) but a officer be assault in the line of ... ( back down ) no , no , I do not want no National Guard down here , neither , sir . ( wilting ) yes , Governor , immediately . and good night to you and the missus . the Chief hang up , turn to patrolman # 1 . police chief ( cont 'd ) let ‘em go . patrolman # 1 what ?! ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) police chief cut ‘em loose , goddamnit ! angle on shirley and a stunned lip watch all this . patrolman # 1 ( 0.s. ) but that dago - wop hit I ! police chief ( 0.s. ) now ! back on cop - defeat , patrolman # 1 hurry over to the cell , open it up . lip turn to shirley , amaze . lip who the hell have you call ? smash CUT to : ext . highway - rainy night the cadillac fly past a sign read : '' white only within CITY limit after dark . '' int . cadillac - night - same lip wear a mad , shit -eate grin as he drive through the slashing rain on the way out of town . lip Bobby Kennedy just save we ass ! maddon ... how great be that ?! dr . shirley it 's not great -- it 's not great at all -- it 's humiliate . lip glance in the rear-view . lip ' the hell you talk about ? we be screw and now we be not . dr . shirley and I just put the Attorney General of the United States in a incredibly awkward position . lip so what ? that 's what the guy get pay for . what else he get to do ? shirley glare at lip . ( continued ) continued : 90 . dr . shirley that man and he brother be try to change this country -- that 's what else he 's get to do ! now he think I be garbage . Calling from some backwood swamp jail , ask if he can help attenuate assault charge ... who do that ? garbage , that 's who . this sting lip . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) you_should not have hit he ! lip I do not like the way he be treat you , make you stand out in the rain . dr . shirley please . you hit he because of what he call you . I have have to listen to that kind of talk my entire life , you should be able to take it for one night . lip what , I can not get mad when he say that stuff ' cause I be not black ? Christ , I be blacker than you . shirley react to this . dr . shirley you be blacker than I ? lip you do not know shit about you own people ! what they eat , how they talk , how they live -- you do not even know who lil 's Richard be ! dr . shirley so know who Little Richard be make you blacker than I ? I wish you could hear yourself sometimes , tony -- you would not talk as much . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) lip bullshit ! I know exactly who I be . I be the guy who 's live on the same block in the same bronx my entire life , with my mother and father and my brother , and now my wife and kid . that 's it -- that 's who I be . I be the asshole who 's gotta hustle every goddamn day to put food on my table . you ? Mr. Big shot ? you travel around the world and live on top of a castle and do concert for rich people ! I live on the street , you sit on a throne -- so yeah , my world be way more blacker than yours ! dr . shirley pull over . lip what ? dr . shirley pull ! over ! lip I be not pullin’ over ! dr . shirley stop the car ! ext . country road - night - continuous lip steer the car to the side of the road . shirley open the door , get out in the rain . lip look out the window as Dr. shirley walk down the drench , muddy road . lip what be you doin 's ?! when shirley do not stop , lip get out , hustle after he . lip ( cont 'd ) get back in the car ! shirley keep walk . lip catch up , grab he arm . shirley turn , he face drench ... ( continued ) 92 . continued : dr . shirley yes , I live in a castle ! alone . and rich white folk let I play piano for they , because it make they feel culture . but when I walk off that stage I go right back to be another nigger to they -- because that be they true culture . and I suffer that slight alone , because I be not accept by my own people , because I be not like they either ! so if I be not black enough , and I be not white enough , and I be not man enough , what _am I ?! tony do not know what to say . they stand in the rain while shirley try to compose himself . lip awkwardly touch shirley 's shoulder . shirley turn and walk back to the car , leave tony stand alone in the downpour . int . cadillac - night - later back on the road , both of they dishevel and wipe out from the evening . nobody speak for a while . dr . shirley I need sleep . lip okay , I x11 pull over at the next place we see and I 'il sneak you into my room . dr . shirley no . no . I refuse to stay at a establishment that do not want I . lip okay . lip pick up the negro moterist Green book from the seat next to he . CUT to : ext . alabama - GREEN book motel - night close on a colored only sign out front of a ramshackle brick building . pan to the caddy pull into the dirt parking lot full of puddle and beat - up car . 93. int . motel room - night - later lip lay in a sink twin bed in he t-shirt and underwear writing a letter . shirley , in silk pajamas , fold he clothes and place they into he suitcase . dr . shirley you realize you be go to be home before that letter get there ? lip yeah , I be gonna just bring it with I . save on stamp . shirley roll he eye . dr . shirley give it here , I will fix it . shirley reach for the letter , but lip pull it away . lip no offense , Doc , but I think I get the hang of it . for a moment , shirley 's offended . then he snatch the letter out of lip 's hand . dr . shirley ( read ) '' dear dolore , sometimes you remind I of a house . '' shirley glance at lip ... what the hell ? dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) ( read ) " rk house with beautiful light on it where everyone inside be happy . '' shirley hand the letter back to lip . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) yeah , you get it . shirley get in bed , try to sleep . we hear o.s. car ; occasionally a dog bark in the distance . lip Doc ... dr . shirley yes ? ( continued ) 94 , continued : lip thanks for help I with the letter -- you be really good at writin’ ‘em . ( beat ) maybe when you get home you should write one to you brother ? dr . shirley he know where I be if he want to reconnect . lip nod . he put he letter down , turn out the light . lip do not wait for he , Doc . this I know ... the world 's full of lonely people afraid to make the first move . shirley think about this , then roll over . lip ( cont 'd ) you know , something 's be eat at I the whole trip . dr . shirley hmmm ? lip that tittsburgh be a real disappointment . I do not notice any difference at all . dr . shirley good night , tony . CUT to : ext . highway - day the caddy motor by on its way to Birmingham . dissolve to : ext . birmingham , alabama - CITY street - evening shirley 's cadillac drive through the city . 95 . ext . birmingham HOTEL - evening - continuous a banner across this large wooden hotel read : '' christmas concert tonight -- don shirley trio '' . the caddy pull up front and park . lip and shirley get out . wait for they be graham kindell , 40s , blue blazer , press slack , friendly as hell . graham kindell ( deep southern accent ) welcome , Mr. shirley ! Graham kindell , I be the general manager . so nice to meet y'all ! dr . shirley thank you , Mr. kindell . this be tony vallelonga . graham kindell pleasure , tony . right this way . int . birmingham HOTEL - kitchen / dressing room - evening lip and shirley ( carry he tux ) follow the affable kindell through the large work kitchen . cook , busboys , dishwasher , all black . they continue down several busy hallway to a backstage dress room . graham kindell if you need anything -- anything t’all -- you let I know . dr . shirley thank you . int . birmingham HOTEL - dressing room - continuous kindell lead shirley and lip into the modest room . a small table , one chair , a mirror . graham kindell here you be . we have about a hour before show time . any question ? lip where 's the restaurant ? graham kindell continue down the hall , tony , to the right , across the lobby . ( continued ) 96 . continued : kindell exit . lip we have get a hour . I be starve . dr . shirley go ahead . i’1l meet you there . int . birmingham HOTEL - dine room / concert hall - night a cavernous dine room / hall . ornately decorate in red and green ribbon and wreath . a twenty -foot Christmas Tree tower behind the Trio 's instrument onstage . fill in fast with well - dress white customer . lip enter , sit at a table . he Pov - across the room , oleg and George eat dinner , drink wine . George call out : GEORGE tony ! George wave he over . lip join they . lip shirley 'il be here in a minute . a waiter approach . birmingham waiter cocktail , gentleman ? oleg Three shot vodka . tony look at oleg. oleg ( cont 'd ) last show . cold war over . time for truce . lip nod , smile . the waiter leave to get the drink . GEORGE be shirley in he dress room ? lip more like a broom closet . I do not understand why he put up with this shit . oleg take a sip of wine , glance at George . ( continued ) continued : oleg six year ago , 1956 , nat King Cole be invite to perform at Municipal auditorium right here in Birmingham . Mr. Cole be very first negro ask to play at a white establishment in this city . lip butter a roll , take a bite . oleg ( cont 'd ) soon as Mr. Cole start play , a group of man attack he for play white people 's music . pull he off stage and beat he badly . lip stop chew . oleg ( cont 'd ) you ask once why Dr. shirley do this ? I tell you . because there be no genius without courage . 97 . the waiter return with the drink . they clink glass , down the shot . lip notice shirley ( now in he tux ) and the maitre d' have a conversation at the entrance . lip walk over . lip what 's the problem ? dr . shirley this gentleman 's say I can not dine here . lip ( to maitre D 's ) no , you do not understand , this guy 's play here tonight -- he 's the main event . maitre d' I be sorry . it 's the policy of the restaurant . Graham kindell , the congenial GM , join they . graham kindell everything all right ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) lip no , it 's not all right . Dr. shirley 's be tell he can not eat here . graham kindell ( to shirley ) I apologize , but this be ... long - stand tradition . I be sure you understand . dr . shirley no. I do not . in 45 minute I 'il be entertaining you guest up on that stage , but I can not eat here ? Graham kindell shift uncomfortably . lip wait a minute . you be tellin’ I the bozo in he band , and the shlub that come to see he play can eat here , but the star can not ? customer take notice . it 's get embarrassing . graham kindell I be afraid not . lip look to the stoic shirley , then back to kindell , search for a compromise . lip well he 's gotta eat . can you at least bring he food from the restaurant to he dress room ? graham kindell of course . we will be happy to send he anything he would like . ( to maitre d' ) John , show he a menu . dr . shirley no . I be not eat in a dress room . there 's a brief standoff . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) graham kindell okay ... if you have prefer , there 's a very popular establishment right down the road -- the Orange Bird - - they will be happy to feed you . lip turn to shirley . lip food 's probably better there anyway -- the dinner roll here be like rock . come on , we can be back in 45 minute . when shirley do not respond , lip pull he aside . lip ( cont 'd ) Doc , it 's the last show . let 's just get through this and we can go home and get away from all this asshole . Dr. shirley think about it . dr . shirley no . not this time . I be eat in this room or I be not play . kindell 's frustration grow . graham kindell ( to lip ) May I have a word with you ? lip follow kindell through a door , into a side parlor . int . birmingham HOTEL - restaurant - parlor - continuous kindell try to pour on the Southern charm . graham kindell Mr. villanueva , you have to talk sense to Mr. shirley . please explain that we be not insulting he personally , this be just the way thing be do down here . lip yeah , well he be not from down here . ( continued ) 100 . continued : graham kindell just ask he to be reasonable . I have 400 guest out there who expect to be entertained tonight . lip and Dr. shirley expect to eat tonight . why can not you just make a exception this one time ? kindell sigh . graham kindell lemme tell you a story . you ever hear of the Boston celtic basketball club ? that boy come through here a couple year ago on a barnstorm tour . now , see as they be World champion of the league and all , we be tickle to have ‘em eat here and we roll out the welcome wagon . so you know what table they big coon eat at that night ? lip no. graham kindell I do not either . but it be not one of ours . kindell drop the genteel demeanor . graham kindell ( cont 'd ) now let 's cut the bullshit . tell I what it 's gonn 's take . kindell take out he wallet . graham kindell ( cont 'd ) say one hundred dollar and you get you boy to play ? the vein on lip 's neck rise . lip you think you can buy I ? graham kindell all do respect , sir , but you would not be do a job like this if you could not be buy . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) lip grab kindell by the collar , raise a fist . dr . shirley ( 0.s. ) stop ! they turn to see shirley in the doorway . Graham kindell pull away from lip , fix he collar . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , tony . i’1l play ... if you want I to . Graham kindell sigh , clearly relieved . lip be relieved , too . but only for a moment . something come over he . he glance at kindell , then back at shirley . lip finally see the big picture , and realize that , for he and shirley , this be the moment of truth . then ... lip Nah , let 's get the fuck outta here . CUT to : int . birmingham HOTEL - dine room - moment later lip escort shirley through the crowded ballroom toward the exit with Graham kindell on they heel in a panic . graham kindell Don , do not do this ! shirley and lip keep move at a brisk pace through the surprised and bewilder crowd . graham kindell ( cont 'd ) we have a contract , and I know you be the kind of man that honors a contract ! angle on the black server watch they boss grovel . they maintain deadpan expression , but we can see the approval in there eye . graham kindell ( cont 'd ) you get a show to do , mister ! scatter boos and catcall from the diner as the furious Graham kindell follow they out the front door ... CUT to : 102. int . cadillac - night - continuous they pull onto the street and drive in silence , both in shock about what just happen . shirley look at lip in the rear-view . dr . shirley you hungry ? CUT to : ext . the orange bird - night - establishing shot int . the orange bird - night this be a blue bar / Restaurant . lip and shirley enter . a small band in the corner -- piano , drum and guitar - - play the blue . lip 's the only white guy in here and he do not go unnotice , especially stand next to shirley in a tuxedo . they make they way to the bar , sit . a female bartender give lip the once-over . orange bird bartender you a cop ? lip I look irish ? she smirk . orange bird bartender what you want , baby ? dr . shirley two cutty 's , neat . shirley take out a big wad of cash . a couple drunk at the bar take notice . orange bird bartender comin 's up . she grab a bottle of cutty , pour the drink . dr . shirley whatever you specialty be , we will take it . she call back toward the kitchen : orange bird bartender two orange bird ! smash CUT : 103. same scene - later lip and shirley be devour two barbecue chicken , they hand and face cover in orange sauce . lip I like what you do back there , Doc . you stand up for yourself . it 's like you friend the President say -- '' do not ask what you country can do for you , ask what you can do for yourself . '' shirley smile . the bartender approach . orange bird bartender ( to shirley ) so , darlin’ , what you do , all dress up like that ? he shrug . dr . shirley nothing important . lip he 's only the great piano player in the world . she smile . orange bird bartender that right ? you good ? lip do not be shy , Doc . tell she who you be . orange bird bartender do not tell I nothin 's -- show I . shirley think a moment , glance at the beat - up piano . he get up , walk to the stage , sit at the piano . he notice a drink on the top of the piano . shirley take the drink , put it on the floor . shirley place he hand on the keys , take a moment ... and then ... shirley start to play . this be not a catchy jazz solo or a Christmas ditty . it be , instead , a explosion of sound , the eye-popping machination of chopin 's etude op. 25 no. 11 , one of the most difficult piano solos ever write . the crowd lower they fork and gaze up in disbelief . ( continued ) 104 . continued : angle on lip watch this in awe . Black kitchen worker stop what they be do to watch . a cook step out of the kitchen , wiping he hand on he apron . back on shirley as he negotiate the eight - finger chord combination with the mastery of the maestro that he be . he build and build and build until he finger become just a blur on the keys . shirley finishes , the room be quiet . then the place erupt in applause ! close on lip . he 's as blow away as the audience . shirley look toward a stunne lip and wink . the guitar player , drummer , and sax join shirley on the stage . they start a cool up tempo rockin’ blue number . shirley effortlessly join in , take the music to another level . the entire room begin to pulsate . the crowd eat it up . shirley play as if Little Richard have take over he body . obviously this man can play anything . a true musical genius . angle on lip as he look on , really get into it . back on shirley , the happiest we have see he . dissolve to : ext . the orange bird - parking lot - night a exhaust shirley and lip be drag themselves across the parking lot toward the cadillac . dr . shirley if we leave right now , I think you can make it . lip make what ? dr . shirley Christmas Eve . lip stop walk , hold he hand in front of shirley . lip reach behind he back , pull out a gun , shoot into the AIR . ( continued ) 105 . continued : on cue , one of the runk from the bar , knife in hand , jump out from behind the caddy and sprint off , follow by the other drunk . they high - tail it out of there . shirley look to lip , shocked . lip do not ever flash a wad of cash ina bar . as lip walk to the car ... dr . shirley I know you have a gun ! CUT to : ext . highway - morning the cadillac breeze down the highway in a light rain . dissolve to : int . cadillac - day - later a light snow flick against the windshield . lip check out the ominous sky . lip this could get bad . dr . shirley yes , it 's a shame we do not have something to protect we on we journey . Dr. shirley think , then snap he finger . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) why do not you put you lucky rock up on the dash , tony ? lip stare at he in the mirror for a long beat . finally , he reach in he pocket , pull out the jade stone that we thought he have return , place it on the dash . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) thank you . I feel safer already . lip wear a tiny smile . lip you be a real prick , you know that ? 106 . ext . highway - day it 's snowing heavily now and condition have worsen . the caddy be one of the only car on the road . dissolve to : ext . highway - night the caddy pass by , blowing up a sheet of snow . int . cadillac - night - same lip squint , try to focus , wiper flapping violently , visibility awful . lip Doc , my eye be stingin’ , I might need to pull over . dr . shirley keep go as long as you can , tony . dissolve to : ext . highway - night the lonely cadillac fight through the northeaster as condition get more and more treacherous . int . cadillac - night - continuous a tense-looking lip struggle to keep the car on the road . suddenly a blur of red light fill the car from behind . lip glance in the mirror . lip shit ... ext . highway - night - continuous the cadillac pull over in the slush , a maryland state police car right behind it . int . cadillac - night - continuous a annoyed lip sit wait for the cop . a light beam through the window . lip roll it down , revealing a maryland state trooper . state trooper what be you do out here ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : lip we be try to get to New York . the trooper flash he light on shirley in the backseat . dr . shirley be there a problem , Officer ? tense beat , then ... state trooper yeah . I notice you car be tilting to the leave . look like you back tire 's flat . lip open the door , glance back at the snowy flat tire . CUT to : ext . highway - night - minute later the State trooper direct traffic safely around they as lip jack up the car in the storm . CUT to : same scene - later lip shut the trunk and get back in the car . the trooper approach he window . state trooper okay ... be careful , gentleman . merry Christmas . this be the first flicker of humanity they have experience in a while . as the trooper walk away , lip and shirley glance at each other , smile . dissolve to : ext . cadillac - night the caddy drive through a blizzard . int . cadillac - night - continuous lip blink repeatedly as he try to concentrate on the road . from the 0.s. radio , we hear : ( continued ) 108 . continued : newscaster ( v.o . ) '' weather advisory warning this Christmas Eve , as a major snowstorm be hit the eastern seaboard with the severest weather in eastern Pennsylvania , northern New Jersey and the five borough . traveler be advise to stay off the Jersey Turnpike , as well as the bridge and tunnel lead into New York City , due to possible road closure ... '' lip that 's it . I be pull we into the next motel . dr . shirley keep go , tony , you can make it . lip I can not keep my eye open , Doc -- I be gettin’ hytnotize by the snow . I think my brain 's gonna explode . as we push in on a disappointed shirley , we ... CUT to : int . lip 's apartment - night close on - a needle as it drop onto the groove of a spinning album ... '' have yourself a merry little christmas '' from the frank sinatra christmas album play on a record player . sinatra ( v.o . ) '' have yourself a merry little Christmas ... '' the tiny apartment be fill with christmas decoration , christmas light around the window , a SMALL christmas tree with twinkling light in the corner . the dining room table have be move into the live room to accommodate all the guest . grandpa Anthony , grandpa nicola , rudy , louie with he wife Lynn and they baby , johnny with he wife Fran , they two little daughter , and Nick and frankie . ( continued ) 109 . continued : everyone 's in good cheer , talk , drink wine , eat appetizer . dolore be busy put platter of the feast of the seven fish , all fish dish cook italian style , on the table . stuff calamari , bake clam oreganata , fry Filet of sole , fry calamari & shrimp , linguini with clam , etc . kitchen - dolore move into the kitchen , now alone . she brace herself on the counter , try not to cry ... ext . bronx , new york street - night snow and sleet pound the empty street . the snowflake reflect red , white , and green from the light that adorn the building . there 's not a move vehicle in sight . then ... in the distance , one lonely set of car light appear . push in slowly , slowly until the light get closer and we can make out that it 's the caddy . int . cadillac - night - continuous lip 's stretched out in the back seat , sleeping . pull back to reveal dr . shirley at the wheel , focus intently . we can hear the 0.s. SOUND of the cadillac 's wheel spinning as shirley negotiate the slippery street . int . cadillac - night - moment later lip still sleep in the back seat . he 's jolted awake by someone banging on the window . dr . shirley ( 0.s. ) tony , wake up ! the snow continue to fall ... the caddy be park in front of lip 's apartment building . shirley stand on the sidewalk , lip 's bag on the ground beside he . shirley open the back door . lip look up , groggy . he realize he 's home . lip what ... Doc , whadja 's do ? shirley help lip climb out of the car . he hand tony he suitcase . dr . shirley you be home . go inside . lip Doc , why do not you come up , meet my family ...? ( continued ) 110 . continued : dr . shirley merry Christmas , tony . shirley get in the car . lip 's stunne , this can not be how it end . lip Doc , wait up ! hey ... lip watch as the car drive off , the tail - light of the caddy disappear into the snowy night . int . lip 's apartment - live room - night Jimmy roselli 's '' buon natale ( means merry christmas to you ) '' plays on the stereo . dinner be wind down . everyone at the table be stuff and have a festive time , except ... dolore , who fight the good fight for she guest . the kitchen - dolore come in , start put dirty plate in the sink ... she hear a commotion come from the live room ... the live room - everyone jump up from they seat as lip enter , brush snow off he coat , sing a italian song . johnny hey , look who it be -- Shakespeare 's home ! the kid run into they father 's arm . everyone crowd around lip , hugging , kissing ... dolore enter from the kitchen , stand watch ... dolore and lip gaze at each other ... she move to he , wrap she arm around he neck , they kiss . the family break into applause . dolore you hungry ? lip you kiddin’ ? I be starve . they all laugh , sit at the table . CUT to : establishing shot - carnegie hall - night we can barely see the building through the snowfall . 111 . int . shirley 's apartment - night - moment later shirley enter he apartment , follow by he valet , amit , who carry shirley 's luggage . amit welcome home , Dr. shirley . dr . shirley thank you , amit . amit I turn down you bed , sir . will you be need anything else ? dr . shirley no , thank you . go home to you family . amit thank you , Doctor . merry Christmas . amit exit . suddenly shirley be all alone . he glance around he apartment at the throne , the elephant tusk , all he possession . the room be quiet . Dr. shirley reach in he pocket , take out the jade stone . he place it on he mantel , next to some other artifact . CUT to : int . lip 's apartment - live room - night lip and stuff pick talk the entire family be at the table . lip have a over - cannoli in front of he while everyone else be away at a large assortment of dessert . everyone 's except for lip , who seem happy but distant . johnny tony , s’matter with you ? you have not say a word . lip yeah , sorry , just tired . Long trip . ( under breath , to johnny ) you take care of that thing ? johnny yeah , yeah . he pull something out of he pocket and hand it to lip under the table . ( continued ) continued : 112 . angle under the table - we see that it 's tony 's wristwatch . lip put the watch on . lip thanks . johnny you owe I seventy - five buck . lip react . lip Charlie say sixty . johnny what , I be do this for nothin’ ? lip shoot johnny a look . louie hey , lip , tell we about the trip . rudy yeah . so how be he , the tootsune ? he get on you nerve ? lip shoot he a look . lip do not call he that . rudy 's take aback . embarass . rudy okay ... angle on dolore watch this . she look surprised by lip 's reaction to the slur . a pleasant surprise . the family 's surprised too . everyone 's quiet . dolore change the subject . dolore tony , you should have see the day last week when frankie grab onto the tv and climb up on it ! I take a picture ... fran be you nut , Dee ? with all that tube back there , and the cord -- he could have get electrocute ! ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) johnny you be thinkin’ of toaster . no one 's gettin’ electrocute from a tv . as everyone start to argue about toaster and tvs , there 's a knock on the door . lip get up , go to the door . he open it , react . Charlie from the pawn shop stand in the doorway with he wife , Marie . lip Charlie ! pawn guy hey , lip . johnny invite I . lip come on in . pawn guy you remember Marie . lip hi , Marie , merry Christmas . johnny get up from the table , greet Charlie and Marie . johnny Charlie , you come ? I be kid ? and you bring the wife , too ? he take they to the table . johnny ( cont 'd ) hey , everybody , Charlie from the pawn shop . can you believe it ? Christmas , he do not bring nothing ! Charlie , I be kid , sit down ... lip turn to shut the door and see - Dr. shirley , stand in the doorway , hold a bottle of champagne , look unsure . tony lip smile and hug he , walk he in . lip turn to he family , excited . lip everyone , this be Dr. Donald shirley ! ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 3 ) dr . shirley merry Christmas . reverse angle reveal johnny , nicola , rudy , louie , Anthony , everyone ... watch they , stunned and speechless . no one budge . shirley smile nervously . long beat . then finally johnny stand . johnny well , come on , make some room ! get the man a plate ! dolore approach shirley . dr . shirley you must be dolore . she smile and he hand she the champagne . dr . shirley ( cont 'd ) buon natale . thank you for share you husband with I . lip smile . dolore hug shirley and whisper in he ear ... dolore and thank you for help with the letter . shirley , surprised , laugh . close on dolore - she smile , and we -- CUT to black . the end epilogue Dr. Donald shirley continue to tour , compose , and record . he be award the Isaac stern medallion , and be the only other Carnegie studio resident , besides Leonard bernstein , who perform annually at Carnegie Hall . during he prolific career , he compose three symphony , two piano concerti , a cello concerto , three string quartet , a one - act opera , a symphonic tone poem base on finnegan 's wake , and a set of " variation " on the legend of orpheus _in the underworld . ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 4 ) Frank '' tony lip '' vallelonga go back to he job at the copacabana , eventually become maitre 's D , until its close in 1973 . it be at the copa where he meet Francis Ford coppola , who cast he in a small role in the godfather . this lead to a impressive act career , include role in rage bull , the Pope of greenwich Village , donnie brasco , and goodfella . lip be best know for he portrayal of New York crime boss carmine lupertazzi in the HBO series the sopranos . tony lip and Dr. shirley would remain lifelong friend until they death within month of each other in 2013 .