forward . to whom it May concern , | write this script in the spring of 2009 when | be 22 , about to turn 23 . | want to make a movie utilize my dad 's law office in Phoenix , Arizona , and so | come up with this story about stockbroker create a ponzi scheme . this be around the time that the bernie madoff scandal break and it be everywhere . | finish the first draft in two week and six month later we be shoot . | constantly read script online and think it be only fair to '' pay it forward '' by posting my own script as well . it be my first produce feature screenplay and although I have improve as a writer since then , I be still very proud that we get this make . ( it 's currently available on itune and | now like it to a micro budget '' Wolf of Wall Street '' ) enjoy and please look out for my new work as well . sincerely , Cole Mueller . Sunday , March 30th , 2014 . GREEN guy by Cole Mueller fade in : extreme close - up on a few bullet be load into a chamber . int . office -- night we be wide on this darkly light office . a giant glass wall overlook the bright , city light of Phoenix , Arizona . stand in the middle of the room be a man that we can not identify . he hold a gun in he hand , clutching it tightly . int . white hallway -- night we be centered on a white hallway -- three men , f.b.i. official , suddenly rush around the corner . they be hold a few folder , walk briskly ... official # 1 he 's ready - official # 2 - full confession ? official # 1 full confession . official # 3 he want total immunity . they turn the corner and enter a small dark room , where a single light shine over a man at a table . we never see the man 's face . the three man pull up chair across from he . one of they pull out a small recording device , set it up in front of the man . official # 2 someone go to work on that eye . the man do not respond . official # 2 reach over and hit record on the recording device . official # 2 ( cont 'd ) okay ... tell we what happen ... int . office -- night the other man continue to clutch the gun , stare out at the city . finally , in one swift movement , he raise it to he head and fire ... roll open credit . cut to : int . office build -- day we guy , levi charle , travis howard , andrew thomas , and billy adam sit around a conference table , talk to jeff reynold , a older man in he late 50' with short , white hair . levi we be a exclusive group here , Jeffrey . do you realize that ? jeff I guess so - levi - how long have I know you ? jeff about ... four year . levi okay . no offense , but the only reason we be talk right now be because I have build a rapport with you . andrew we have twenty other people that want to meet with we but we be sit here with you . billy we do not let just anyone invest with we . travis we be try to maintain a image . jeff yes , of course . travis someone 's gonna get rich . it might as well be you . levi do you understand what this opportunity be ? I mean , do you truly understand what this opportunity be ? jeff um ... levi tell them billy . billy we will all but guarantee ten percent back on you investment in the first month . jeff in the first month ? levi the first month , Jeffrey . you have to realize ... there be a reason that we be some of the most seek after broker in the country right now . it 's because we have create we brand . the Phoenix Group brand . and it stand for strength , reliability and consistency . jeff I just do not like how the minimum - andrew - there 's only a minimum so we can know that you be serious about the investment . serious about the commitment . jeff well ... andrew look - if you feel uncomfortable after a few month and you want you money back , you can just pull out , and that will be it . travis but you will not . because after you see the return you be get in the first two month , you will be die to give we more money . levi do you know how we site work , Jeffrey ? jeff not really . levi well , let I break it down really quick . we have implement a system , utilize the internet , that allow we investor to constantly keep track of they net gain . billy here be the computer whiz that create it . billy it 's set up so that you can look at you account at any time , and actually see where you money be go . you will be fully aware of any fluctuation . complete transparency . jeff and I '1l have access to that account ? he look at each man and then over to Levi . he flash a big grin . levi no , Jeffrey . but let I assure you ... it 's in safe hand . CUT to : int . luxury apartment -- night luxurious high -rise , overlook the light of Phoenix , Arizona . close - up on a cigar be lit -- we pull back to see our four men lighting cigar , smile , wear expensive cut Levi admire he cigar and proclaim ... levi welcome to the twenty - first century , gentleman . supertitle appear at the bottom of the screen that January 1st , 2000 . andrew feel good . levi this be we time . this be we time to define what the twenty - first century be go to represent . wecan shape it . billy the first outlaw of the new millennium . andrew I get to be Wyatt earp . travis fuck that , Andrew . I be Wyatt . andrew no , you be more of a side kick . you be more of a Doc holliday . billy I get to be billy the kid...cuz ... well ... my name 's billy ... he grin . travis Nice reason , Bill . andrew well , billy the kid die when he be twenty - one . you still wanna be he ? billy suit . read : well I be still alive , be not I ? travis no way I be Doc holliday . andrew just live with it , Travis . Levi step back and grandly say ... levi ( smile ) I be jesse James . billy jesse James be not black . levi so ? andrew you can not be jesse James . levi I be the black jesse James . billy do not work like that . levi fuck yourselves . travis yeah , you be gonna have to be ... well ... you be fuck . levi I be jesse James because I say I be . travis whatever , Levi . andrew so we have decide ? billy be billy . Travis be doc. Levi be jesse James . billy Black jesse James . andrew Black jesse James . and I be Wyatt earp . travis and what be we call ? andrew I do not know . billy I think we be more of a Rat pack if you ask I . andrew that 's not gonna work because everyone want to be Sinatra . billy and Levi will not wanna be sammy Davis . levi I would be Sinatra . travis Black Sinatra ? levi look -- how about we just all shut the fuck up and get down to business , huh ? I wanna get back to the point I be try to make . everyone quiet down ... levi ( cont 'd ) gentlemen -- we can define this century . the internet be allow we to do thing we have never do before . it 's allow we ... to do what we be do . andrew scam the shit outta people . levi we be not " scamm " people . billy how be it different ? levi because ... this people will never feel the affect of lose they money . all we be do be search for oil , and when we find it , we extract a small , insignificant share . billy well , insignificant to they . levi this people . .how many people we have already ? andrew seventeen . levi seventeen ! okay , clearly , they be all fuck millionaire . they give we that one hundred thousand ... like Peter Williams do ... they give we that one hundred thousand know its just go to sit in that account and accumulate cash flow . it 's money they never plan on touch in the first place ! billy good point . andrew yeah . levi we be take money from people that already have it ... people that plan on die rich ... and we be give it to the new generation ...us ! travis gotta keep it go be all . levi gotta keep it go . andrew gotta stay out of trouble . levi we will ... as long as we communicate ... collaborate ... and continue find investor . this be not go to work if we let up . seventeen be good . it be . but it 's not eighteen . and eighteen be not nineteen . and nineteen be not motherfuck twenty . travis I think get that call room be a good idea . levi we hire anyone yet ? travis we hire the main manager , not the telemarketer . levi okay , well we gotta get on that . andrew I be still against it . levi what do you mean ? andrew well , before it be just private investor we meet through connection . now it 's cold call ? I do not know . billy but the problem be we run outta connection , Andrew . levi it 's fine . anything get fishy ... ever ... all we do be get rid of the call room . andrew yeah ... levi okay , gentleman . time to roll . let 's go . slow -motion -- we dolly back with they as they all walk across the room and over to the front door . the screen split into four separate frame , each frame with a shot of each man as they walk . cut to : we show a quick scene from each man' individual life and there conflict : int . casino -- night pack casino . Travis be sit down at the Texas hold them table , look over he card . finally ... travis fuck it . I be all - in . he push he chip into the middle of the table , and pull out a cigarette . he whip out a lighter but before he can light it ... dealer no smoking , sir . travis the most nerve-rack game in the world , you can not fuckin ' smoke ? the man across from he , contemplate he call , and ... gambler I call . Travis look shocked . the man flip he card over and show pocket king . Travis be beat . he freak out ... travis fuck ! you be slow play king ! you fuckin ' bitch ! Travis have a gambling problem to say the least ... cut to : int . office build -- day billy , dress in a suit and tie , sit across from he father , mr . adam , a forebode man of great stature . mr . adam you be do well for yourself , son . billy thanks , father . mr . adam but you know , you line of work can fluctuate immensely . billy grin ... billy well ... not necessarily ... mr . adam what I be try to say be ... I want you to go to Law School . billy Law School ? mr . adam everyone in we family ... it 's you rite of passage , Bill . billy that 's not gonna happen . mr . adam look at you brother . you know how much money he 's make right now ? CUT to : int . andrew's home -- night Andrew be sit indian - style on the bed with he new girlfriend , heather . they be play a card game and also play " would you rather " at the same time . andrew would you rather have one arm or one leg ? she respond quickly ... she slap she slap heather one arm . a card down ... andrew Higher . the next card down . heather fly or teleport ? andrew fly , no question . lower . you know , we be suppose to be take shot in this game I think . heather not necessarily . andrew eight foot tall or two foot tall ? she laugh . heather two foot ?! umm .... eight foot tall , easy . andrew how be that easy ? heather it just be . andrew Higher . heather okay , I have a good one . andrew I be ready . heather would you rather ... be rich and die young ... or be break and die old ... he look at she closely ... andrew good question . cut to : int . levi's apartment -- night we be close - up on a stereo system -- a hand come in and turn up the volume . Levi step back from the stereo , wear a wife - beater , jeans . he look really high , and be nodd he head to the beat of the music with he eye close . he do that for a moment and then come back over to the couch and plop down . he lean over the coffee table and start roll a blunt of weed . he continue nodd he head , the music flow through he . he zone out . we pull back ... leave he alone ... in isolation ... and finally ... fade out : cut to : int . conference room -- day we four guy be shaking hand with two asian businessmen . they exchange " goodby . " ext . parking garage -- later the four man walk out of a doorway and wander through the parking garage ... levi great work , gentleman . andrew you think they be in ? a beat . levi of course . andrew I do not know . they seem pretty damn skeptical . levi no , no , no . we get ‘em . trust I . we wait two day , then call they back . we will get it . billy , I like that thing you say about " risk . " billy thanks . travis guy ... I just do not ... I do not know ... I feel like we should be go after some bigger fish here . I mean ... this guy ... maybe they invest we minimum ... but I be not try to nickel and dime this shit . I want the big run , the big hit . andrew the big hit be how we get fuck ! the big hit be how we get the SEC all over we back . levi hold on , holdon . Travis -- do you have something in mind ? travis well ... billy you get someone , do not you ? travis I do . andrew who ? Travis contemplate bring this up , but finally ... travis this guy ... tan'el . levi tan'el ? travis tan'el Garcia . andrew be this that Mexico City connection ? travis yes . andrew no -- screw that guy ! levi what ? I have not hear about this . andrew Travis meet some guy play - travis - can I speak for myself ? Andrew bite he lip , step back . Travis prepare he story and then deliver ... travis ( cont 'd ) okay . well , I be play in this underground hold them tournament , exclusive shit , fifty thousand dollar buy in . Atlantic city about two month ago . well , I be hot , seriously fuckin ' hot . I be check raise blind before the flop and hit . just pure magic , man . as he be telling the story , we show a flashback of the actual incident . travis ( cont 'd ) well , I be the chip leader and people be start to take notice . after awhile , they combine a few table , and I get put next to this big fuckin' carlos santana motherfucker , chest hair , gold chain , sunglass , the whole damn archetype man . this guy just smell like money . so , we start this little convo . and the whole time , I be pitching myself as a broker , play it off like I be fuckin' Gordon gekko and shit . but , we be not play against each other , until finally I hit big and go all - in . well , this fucker call I , flip over a damn straight flush . a straight fuckin ' flush . I lose everything . as I be walk away , he pull I aside and say ... " i' 1ll give you a chance to make some of that back . " he slide I he card and say '' you make it to my city , we will talk business . " talkin ' about Mexico City . levi perfect . great lead . andrew finish the story , Travis . travis well , it turn out , this guy run the large drug operation in Mexico , and be not even allow in the U.S . billy geez , Travis . travis but this guy ... he 's a big fish . fuckin ' moby Dick , man ! andrew scam this middle - age Republicans be one thing but you gotta be insane to fuck with a drug lord . we could be negotiate , and out of nowhere this guy could think somethin' up and fuckin ' kill we ! dream sequence : tan'el sit across from we four guy . he give a scowl and in slow-motion whip out a 'mm , stand and blast all of our guy in the chest , one by one , blood igniting from there body and quickly CUT back to reality ... int . parking garage -- levi well , that 's the debate then , be not it ? billy , wat would you say in there about risk again ? billy basically just ... no risk , no reward . no big risk , no big reward . levi no big risk , no big reward . he smile . Andrew look around at the other and notice he 's the only one who be nervous about this . they stand in silence for a moment . music cue taking US to ... CUT to : int . airplane -- day the guy be sit on a private plane , wear suit , cool sunglass , travel to ... Mexico City . ext . runway -- day the plane land on a private runway outside of Mexico City . the four man be meet by a private limousine . they get in . ext . ranch -- day the limo pull up to a huge ranch estate . the four man get out , wear they suit , look sharp . billy take off he sunglass ... billy Holy shit . levi chill Bill . int . white surveillance van -- same time large surveillance van probably two mile away . there be three f.b.i. official sit around a tracking and recording device , surveillance video . they be drink coffee . one of the man sip he drink and burn he mouth ... official # 1 fuck that 's hot ! mike northcutt , a strong , intelligent man , will become a central figure in the story ... mike I tell you . official # 1 whaddya mean you tell I , you do not say shit . mike I tell you ! do not I say something , Dan ? I say " cool it off . " official # 1 I do not need any advice froma fuckin’ rookie . mike rookie ? where ? official # 1 right .. ( he point at he ) there . mike please .. I be in the field for ten year before they begge I to help out on you unit . official # 2 whatever you say , Mike . mike that 's not subjective , that 's a mother fuckin’ fact . he reach into he pocket and take out some nicorette gum . he pop a piece into he mouth . official # 2 nicorette ? mike yeah . official # 2 you be really lose you edge . Mike do not react . int . ranch -- day we guy be be lead through the house by a hire assistant . this place be a palace , the product of drug money . billy and Andrew be look around , admire the place . Levi and Travis walk ahead of they , stare straight forward . they turn the corner to see tan 'el garcia , 40' , overweight , watch a movie , hold he young nephew in he lap . he hear they footstep and turn ... tan'el gentlemen ! he move he nephew to the side and get up ... travis good to see you again , Mr. Garcia . levi great to meet you . they all shake hand . int . dine room , ranch -- later they all sit around this huge dining room table . tan'el 's assistant wander around with a cigar box and offer one to each of they . they each take one and put it to they lip . travis be hittin ' any of the table lately ? Tan 'el laugh . tan 'el of course ! and if you want you money take again , lemme know . travis ( grin ) any time , any place . tan'el laugh again . the assistant wander around once more and light each cigar . he grow serious , want to get down to business . tan'el so talk to I , talk to I , talk to I . levi well , how much do you know about we ? tan'el nothing . levi we job be to make you money . andrew you provide the capitol , and we provide the interest . billy heavy interest . levi we guarantee return . tan'el guarantee ? levi ask any one of we partner and you ' 11l hear the same thing . we do not bullshit . we be in the business of make money . int . white surveillance van -- same time Mike have he headphone on , listen intently to the conversation . he turn up the volume on he mixer . official # 1 who be this guy ? int . dine room , ranch -- day levi we have connection , relationship we have develop , that allow we and help assist we to predict the market and make the calculate decision necessary to put benjamin in you pocket . int . white surveillance van -- same time mike fuckin ' insider trading ? int . dine room , ranch -- andrew you at least know we track record , right ? Travis fill you in ? tan'el yes , yes . he pump you guy up . andrew so , you be aware of we reputation then ? tan'el I be . andrew okay , then before we go further , what kind of question and concern do you have about the process ? a beat . tan'el well ... you know ... I work hard for my money . I work for twenty year to get to where I be . twenty year . twenty year of gather , accumulate ... wealth , power ... to get to where I be today . to get all of this ! so , now that I be here , now that I be on the pedestal , as you will , I do not plan on jump off . I plan on stay up on my fuck pedestal . andrew of course - tan'el - do you know how I stay on my pedestal ? by make good decision . by make the right decision . I do not partner with people , rule number one . I do not trust anyone . I do not get fuck , rule number two . travis that 's a pretty good rule . tan'el I expect my money to grow ... if I be with you guy ... I expect straight forwardness ... I expect honesty - billy - you can trust we , sir . tan'el sit back in he chair . he slowly take out a gun from he belt and set it on the table . tan ’el every man 's gun be like a extension of they dick . this right here ? this be my dick . do you know what I do with it ? I fuck with it . and I fuck people up with it . you guy try to pull something on I ? you guy lose my money ? you get fuck . levi i..understand . he grin , the guy do not know if they should laugh or not . tan'el lemme show you something . int . dine room , ranch -- later they all stand around a huge , frame painting on the wall . tan'el be stand in front of they , admire it . tan'el see that ? guess how much that cost . travis um ... sixty buck ? Levi hit he in the arm . tan'el that painting right there cost I one hundred thousand dollar . but , it be a investment . because now , I have people come over , look at the painting , I tell they how much it cost , and they be impressed . it reflect positively on I . I pay to impress people ... and it continue to pay off . I want the same thing in all of my investment . levi of course . tan'el I like you boy . I would not have give Travis my card if I do not like he . I feel ... guilty about take he money . travis okay , okay . tan'el my point be that I take risk . I realize that it take money to make money . but if I do not make money , if I lose money , someone be go to get they ball cut off . if I invest with you gentleman , and I lose money , which one of you be go to get it ? andrew what ? Tan 'el whip out a pocket knife ... they look tan'el which one of you be go to get they ball cut off ? at each other strangely . tan 'el ( cont 'd ) you want my money ? I could make it all of you ...? travis billy volunteer ! billy what ?! travis c'mon , Bill ! take one for the team here ! billy this be not fuckin ' dodgeball ! he 's talk about cut off my ball , man ! dream sequence : quick CUT to billy be hold down onto a table , he struggle , scream . hold a tan'el walk up with a huge smile on he face , long knife and we quickly CUT back to reality ... int . dine room , ranch -- billy look extremely nervous . andrew not I . I get a girlfriend . I need mine . levi I will fuckin ' voluntee , damn . put it on I . and you wanna know why ? cuz you be not lose shit . you have my word . tan'el okay ! he shake he hand . tan'el ( cont 'd ) hopefully we will both keep what we get . he flash a big smile . tan'el ( cont 'd ) I ’ma gambler , a risk taker , it 's what I do , it 's how I survive , it 's why I be where I be . but I be also a little crazy . ( a beat ) alright ! I will invest in you boy ... I will invest ... I have a small account that just sit there ... doin ' nothin ' but sittin' , gettin ' cobweb ... I will invest that ... Levi lean in ... levi how much ? tan'el ten. billy ten what ? tan'el million . the other look shocked , but immediately try to hide it ... levi well , great ! tan'el do you know who 's on the million dollar bill ? billy um - tan'el - I ! keep it that way . he toss he pocket knife to Travis ... tan 'o EL ( cont ’d ) and keep that as a reminder . Travis look down at the knife and clutches it tight . int . white surveillence van -- same time Mike listen carefully , press the headphone up against he ear . ext . ranch -- later the four man walk out of the ranch , smile , laugh ... a big score . int . private airplane -- later they pile into the small aircraft . andrew can you believe this ?! billy ten million ! billy start hyperventilate .. billy ( cont 'd ) that 's a lot of .. pressure ... Travis give he a strange look ... travis will you chill out please ? Travis sit down , start to light up a cigarette ... andrew ( cont 'd ) this be the biggest score we will probably ever get ! levi relax , relax . everyone just relax . travis Levi 's just on edge cuz he put he ball on the line . levi well that 's part of it ! they all laugh . levi ( cont 'd ) but do you guy realize ... with a investment like that ... for the scheme to work ... we need more investor to keep it go . andrew yeah but - levi - we get more work to do fella . cut to : int . restaurant -- night Andrew and Heather be have dinner , celebrate over some champagne . they hold up they glass to toast ... andrew a toast ! heather to what ? andrew you have to toast to something ? heather of course ! andrew we can not just clink we glass together ? heather no silly ! andrew okay , well , toast to Mexico ! heather si! andrew Si ? I bet that 's the only Spanish word you know . heather nu uh . andrew okay . what else you know ? heather gracias . and ...fiesta ... andrew wow , be you bilingual or something ? heather shut up . they smile and sip they wine . heather ( cont 'd ) so tell I about this deal ? andrew we get a really big investment . heather how much ? andrew I do not wanna go into detail , babe . heather that 's not really a detail . andrew that 's definitely a detail . I will tell you that ... it 's alot ... and it 's go to make we life better . heather well , that 's good then . andrew yeah . heather how about I guess how much the investment be ? andrew no . heather c'mon ! andrew geez , fine . heather okay ... she ponder ... heather ( cont 'd ) fifty million ?! Andrew cough on he wine , and spit some of it out . andrew dear lord , I wish ! they start laugh . heather well ... now that you be gonna be make a lot of money , how be you gonna protect yourself ? andrew what do you mean ? heather Andrew , it 's the year two - thousand now . you know how many scam they have this day ? Andrew shrug . heather ( cont 'd ) I just hear about some guy steal people 's identity online and get into they account and thing like that . andrew baby , you do not have to worry about that - heather - you be gonna feel pretty stupid if some computer hacker take all you money , you hard earn money - andrew that 's not gonna happen . you be crazy . heather why risk it though ? andrew so what be you say ? that I should not have a bank account ? heather I just think you should have some type of backup plan in the time we be live in . andrew I be pretty sure all my money be insure . heather I think you should just keep a little nest egg in cash . andrew and what ? bury it in we fuckin ' backyard ? cut to : ext . backyard , andrew's house -- later Andrew finish shoveling some dirt over a hole as Heather stand a few foot behind he , wait patiently . Andrew 's sweat hard and stop to wipe the sweat off of he forehead ... heather one million in cash ... completely safe ... she turn and head back toward the house . Andrew turn around and glare at she . cut to : int . office — day close - up on a piece of nicorette gum — Mike take the piece and pop it into he mouth . wider now — we see Mike be sit in he office — he check he watch , grab a few folder and walk into the hallway . we follow he , he pass a few people . no one say '' hi '' to he . int . f.b.i . -- later Mike be sit around a conference table with a bunch of other f.b.i. official . peter donnelly , late 50' , high official , booming voice , stride into the roonm .. peter what 's f.b.i. stand for people ?! he 's drink coffee , walk quickly . a young official start to respond until Peter cut he off ... peter ( cont 'd ) Fidelity , bravery , and motherfuck integrity . that 's what you should say to yourself before you start every day . that five little word that just roll off the tongue and make you wanna do you fucking job . ( overemphasize ) say it with I people . the group follow unenthusiastically .. all fidelity..bravery ..and mother..fuck .. integrity . peter fantastic . he sip he coffee . another young official walk in late ... young official sorry I be late . peter the only person that can be late in this room be I . do it again and I 'il pour this delicious coffee down you pants .. and that 's not a threat . okay ! who 's gonna start ?! he glance over at Mike ... peter ( cont 'd ) northcutt -- brief we on the Garcia operation . mike we be still do investigation . peter anything substantial ? mike it 's no secret the kind of ring that he have go on down there . but , this be not like raid a crack house in compton . we make the wrong step , and this set up a war . peter you have funding to continue you program . mike I actually have something else ... that ... be now kind of interesting ... peter what ? mike tan'el meet with some broker but ... peter who would have think the fat fuck would play Wall Street ? he smile . mike it 's more than that . this guy he meet with ... there 's something off about it ... peter we be try to bring down a drug lord , not some yuppy , stock broker . mike but - — peter - do you get name ? mike just they business title . the Phoenix Group . peter SEC on they yet ? mike they be audite last year , no red flag but ... peter well tell them to do another . Mike scribbles something into a notebook , he seem frustrated . peter ( cont 'd ) who 's next ?! CUT to : int . office build -- Levi and billy walk out of a elevator , wear sharp suit . they rush quickly through the hall and turn the corner into the call room . int . call room , office build -- the room be line with desk , where telemarketer be sit down , talk on the phone , look over they cold call list . at the head of the room be richard martin , mid - 20' . everyone stop and look at billy and Levi as they enter the room . Richard see they and dart over , shaking they hand ... richard gentlemen , hey . billy lookin ' good in here . richard thanks . I get everyone work really hard . gather a shit load of lead . levi how be the pitch come ? richard good . it 's the first week . some be better than other . levi no , no , no . fuck that . everyone 's pitch need to be fire . if there 's someone who 's weak on the phone , not get lead , you fuck fire they ! no weak link . he shout out over the room ... levi ( cont 'd ) hear that boy ! no lead , no fuckin ' job ! Levi walk over to the nearest telemarketer and kneel down next to he . levi ( cont 'd ) let 's hear you pitch . the telemarketer look nervous , do not move ... levi ( cont 'd ) wanna take a picture ? c'mon , make a call ! the young man dial a number from he call sheet , wait for a answer and get it ... telemarketer hi ! how be you , sir ? oh , I mean , maam . no , I be sorry , I ...well ... I be from the Phoenix Group and - Levi rip the phone out of he hand and hang it up ... levi what the fuck be that ?! telemarketer uh ... levi you be a fuckin ' salesman man ! do you sound like a salesman there ? telemarketer uh ... levi no , you do not . you know what you sound like ? you sound like a fuckin ' pussy ! be you a pussy ? telemarketer um...no . levi no you be not . you know why ? because we do not have pussy in this room , sir . we have salesmen . and you be in this room because that 's what you be ! telemarketer yes , sir . levi okay , you first mistake . you can not ask they how they be right off the bat . someone call up and ask how you be you be gonna say who the fuck be this ? the suspicion grow immediately . so , you have to hit they with you identity immediately . " hi , sir . this be Big fuckin ' pussy at the Phoenix Group . I 'mcurious , have you hear of we ? " of course they have not hear of we , but this give we a little bit of credibility as if they should know we . after they say no , you say '' okay , great . well , let I tell you a little bit about what we do . " never tell they it 's a sale call . they will fuckin ' hang up . and never tell they you be go to make they money . they ' 11 hang up . all you do be tell they that you would like to inform they about we service and that if they would like more information then you can connect they directly to a broker for a consultation . you book the consultation , that 's a lead . that 's how you get commission . telemarketer ( sheepishly ) we get commission here ? Levi glance over at Richard ... richard I tell he ! Levi look at the telemarketer , then back at Richard . levi can I talk to you outside for a minute ? billy I will be right back , Levi . levi okay , Bill . Richard , come here . Levi and Richard walk out into the hallway ... int . hallway -- levi Richard , we hire you to be the captain of we ship in there . but you be not . you need to step up . richard I have be teach that guy none stop how to pitch . I 'mon they back constantly . levi you be a salesman , right ? that 's what you resume say . be you resume lie ? richard no , of course not . I have year of - levi okay , okay , I do not need to hear any bullshit . just do better , alright ? richard yeah , yeah . he pat he on the back . levi okay . we be count on you . can we count on you ? richard of course . levi good . int . bathroom , club — night quick cut of travis do cocaine . int . club — we follow travis as he walk through the club and over to the bar ( director note : shot when actor stand on dolly and look like he be floating ) the music be blast , the place bump . Travis and billy be in the club , take shot with a few attractive woman . Travis be hammer . Levi walk by , be lead by monica , he ex-girlfriend . levi ( to the guy ) I be in trouble . see you later . travis oh fuck ! they laugh as monica lead Levi to a booth in the corner . billy turn to Travis ... billy that 's my last shot , Travis . travis fuck that ! it 's only ... he look at he watch ... travis ( cont 'd ) - one fifteen ! we get forty - five more minute ! billy you need to slow down . travis that 's my fuckin ' point , Bill ! why slow down ! why the fuck should I slow down ! I '11 slow down when I be dead ! billy that 's not the best philosophy . travis we be rich , man ! we be fuckin ' rich ! and you know what , this be just the beginning . we be gonna make more . we be gonna make a lot more ! billy yeah ... travis see ...we can not stop ... do you realize that ? this be set up to go on forever . billy that do not mean we have to floor the gas pedal . travis billy , I be go ninety in a thirty five ! int . booth , club -- same time monica continue to lecture Levi ... monica I hear about fuckin' Angela . levi so ? monica so ?! I hear you let that skank put she hand on you . levi that 's none of you business monica I be not lettin ' some slut get on my man . levi we break up ! monica we do not break up . levi what be you talkin ' about ?! get out of monica World for just one moment so you can listen to what I be say ... so you can absorb this shit . this ... this be nothing . monica no it 's not . levi yes it be . monica no it 's not . levi yes it be . they stare at each ... and then start make out . back to ... int . club -- same time Travis and billy still talk at the bar . Travis take out a huge wad of twenty ... travis bartender !!! the bartender come over ... travis ( cont 'd ) get this lady whatever they want ! they laugh , Travis smile and turn back to billy ... billy you gotta be a little more low key , man . travis low key be not in my nature . billy yeah but ... travis we gotta live fast . billy die young , huh ? you tryin ' to go out in a blaze of glory , Travis ? CUT to : dream sequence : we see Travis run down a hallway , look over he shoulder , dress in a suit . we see three cop run after he . he turn the corner and continue run . the cop turn the corner , pull out they gun and unload bullet into Travis ' back . slow -motion as the bullet penetrate he flesh and he fall to the ground . CUT to : int . booth , club -- same time monica and Levi stop kissing . he look at she ... levi you do not want to be associate with I . monica why not ? levi because I 'ma bad man . I 'ma bad man and I do bad thing . monica so ... levi so ? that do not scare you ? monica nothing scare I . levi nothing scare you ? I doubt that . monica I know the real Levi ... I know you be not as bad as you pretend to be . levi be you sure about that ? monica pretty sure . levi do you know what I do for a live ? monica yeah . levi what ? monica you sell stock or something ... levi wrong ! he run he finger down she arm and over to she necklace . levi ( cont 'd ) I look for thing I want ... and I take they . she smile ... int . club -- Travis sip he beer , take a deep breath , turn ... travis dying young make you a legend . James Dean , JFK , Marilyn Monroe , kurt cobain , Jim morrison , tupac ... what 's wrong with that ? CUT to : int . billy apartment -- morning billy slowly wake up , rub he head , have a huge hangover . he get out of bed . he wander into the next room to see Travis pass out in the middle of the room , snore , face down . billy shake he head . ext . coffee shop -- day cut to : billy walk up the sidewalk and enter a coffee shop . across the street we see Mike , sit in he park car . get out and wander toward the shop . int . coffee shop -- he billy sit down in a booth , sip coffee ... suddenly ... Mike slide into the seat across from he . billy look startle , Mike immediately whip out he f.b.i . badge ... mike Mike northcut . f.b.i. billy hi... be there a problem ? mike no . just want to ask you question . billy about what ? mike the Phoenix Group . billy well , we be a brokerage . mike some why do not you live in New York ? billy we have not make the move yet , but with today 's technology we can handle business all over the world here . from a beat . mike what do you know about insider trading ? billy I know enough . mike what about front-running ? billy be you investigate we ? mike just pickin ' at the scaba little bit . I will keep this brief . you give we any information that may lead to a arrest , you obtain complete immunity . he take out a business card and slide it over to he . mike ( cont 'd ) that 's my number . billy take it . he calmly mike ( cont 'd ) I do not know what you guy have go on ... but whatever it be , you can be sure that you will be catch eventually - billy - let I cut you off right there , sir . sip he coffee . billy ( cont 'd ) we profession be legitimate and we have the referral to prove it . there 's a reason the SEC be not on we back . mike they have thousand of register trader to worry about - billy - you want my contact list of investor ? you can have it . every one of they will tell you about the deposit they get from we every month . mike but be it bigger than they investment be my question . billy well , Mr ... mike northcut . billy northcut . why do not you write I a check and find out ? mike billy no ? okay , then , if you wanna talk further , you know where to find I ... at the fuckin ' coffee shop try to fuckin ' relax . good day to you . he slide out and walk away . Mike seem frustrated . ext . coffee shop -- billy walk quickly down the street . he 's think hard , breathe hard , stop in he track , and look back in the direction of the coffee shop . he bite he bottom lip , annoyed . int . andrew's office -- day Andrew be on the phone , have a consultation with a lead ... andrew Sir , we be in the business of make money . that 's what we do . would you like to talk to some of my other client ? to confirm the return they be get as we speak ? billy walk in , Andrew hold up he hand . andrew ( cont 'd ) I understand . well , then let I talk to you wife about it . ( pause ) yes , that 's fine . call anytime . ( pause ) but Rick , remember , you be deal with the champ here . you be deal with Andrew Thomas ! if you be smart , you would tell you wife that if she want that anniversary in the Bahamas this year , you should do something with you money and allow we to help you . ( pause ) okay , Rick . i'1l have my phone on I at all time . bye now . he hang up , then hold he cell phone like a gun , point it at billy . andrew ( cont 'd ) we be in the old west , billy . and this here , be my damn pistol . he spin it around in he hand . andrew ( cont 'd ) we be the cowboy , baby . modern age cowboy . billy come over and sit down across from Andrew . Andrew sit down and start do some paperwork . billy we be in the desert . andrew and I have the quick draw in the West . levi faster than Levi ? andrew eh . so what 's up ? a beat . billy Andrew ... I be down gettin ' some coffee this morning ... and some f.b.i. official approach I . Andrew freeze , look up at he . andrew what ? billy he want I to give he information and say that I would get total immunity and all this shit . he take out Mike 's business card and flip it onto Andrew 's desk . billy ( cont 'd ) they be investigate we , man . they be onto we ! andrew calm down . ( a beat ) see , we be make money now . lot of money . and people do not like that . they do not wanna see young guy make more than they do . billy he be like " you be gonna get catch . " Andrew ponder ... andrew this be okay . he want to talk to someone ? send he up to my office next time this guy approach you . billy you sure about that ? andrew yes . there 's nothing to pin on we . billy this just get I think ... I do not know ... how long ... he stop . Andrew lean in ... andrew say what you wanna say , c'mon . billy I do not wanna get catch , Andrew . andrew knock that off , right now ! billy I just - andrew - first off , you know what you be get into when you get involved . you have to believe one hundred percent in this or it fall through ... or the pyramid crumble . billy I know , I know ... this guy ... just kind of shook I up a little bit . before I think we be untouchable - suddenly , Levi walk in ... levi Andrew , you call that last lead ? he see the mood ... levi ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? andew ( bluntly ) billy want to quit . what ?! no ...i ... Levi look at he sternly ... levi you wanna fuck quit ? billy no , I just say ... andrew tell he what you just tell I . billy nervously stand up , take a deep breath ... billy the fuckin ' f.b.i. talk to I , man . f.b.i. Levi contemplate ... levi what would you say to they ? billy it be just one guy . I tell he to fuck off , what would you think ?! lev okay , okay ... this be fine . I do not know what trigger this but this be fine . billy and I do not say I wanna quit , I just say ... levi well , I will clear that up for you right now ... this be amafia , Bill . and like all mafias , you can not quit , you can not ... it 's for life . blood in , blood out kind of thing . billy I would never think about quit . levi remember , we be define the 21st century right now , as we speak . we be define the age of technology with this . jesse James , remember ? billy I know , I know . levi so be you cool ? billy yeah . levi you be cool ? billy yeah . levi okay...now ... let 's make some phone call , huh ? billy yeah . billy get up and walk out of the room . levi and that f.b.i. official approach you again , you tell he Levi want to talk to he ! Andrew pick up Mike 's business card on he desk and stare at it . cut to : ext . northcutt 's modest home — evening Mike park he car in the driveway , grab he briefcase and wander over the front door . int . northcutt 's modest home — mike Becky ?! he toss he suitcase onto the live room couch , take off he jacket and head into the kitchen . he call out again ... mike ( cont 'd ) Becky ?! you home ?! he pause , wait for a answer , and then quickly open up a cabinet drawer and take out a handle of Jack Daniels . he grab a glass and start pour . a smile come on he fact , he stop pour , take a big swig . it do not go down smooth and he wince . we hear footstep from the other room ... Mike quickly try to hide the alcohol but Becky turn the corner and see he . becky hey , honey , be - Mike freeze . becky ( cont 'd ) I think you be quit ? mike baby ... I have a rough , rough , day . a tough , tough day . becky a promise be a promise , Mike . mike I know , I know . look — I have not have a cig in week . can not we take this one at a time ? becky it be you idea to quit ! I agree of course , but you can not just back out of it . mike you right . well , how about I quit next week ? I need something to keep I go . I need something to keep my blood boil . he walk over to she and put he hand on he shoulder . mike ( cont 'd ) I be chase some bad people right now . but I do not think anyone believe I . they think I be wrong .. but I be not .. and I be gonna prove it . becky so you get to drink because of that ? mike ( smile ) yes. int . casino -- night Travis be play hold them . billy wander up behind he ... billy hey Travis , I think I be take off , okay ? travis yeah , yeah . billy you gonna taxi home ? travis sure. ( to the table ) ten thousand . Travis stack some chip and slide they into the middle of the table . a few other player fold , but finally , this other guy call he ... travis ( cont 'd ) get some action , okay . the dealer start flipping over the card , and finally , Travis win . travis ( cont 'd ) fuck yeah ! Travis jump up and start pump he fist , celebrate way more than he should . travis ( cont 'd ) too bad , baby , time to walk ! the other player be get annoyed by this taunting . player go fuck yourself ! travis oh , you gonna cry little baby ? you a little baby ? c'mon , you set yourself up for that shit . the player make a bee line for Travis and get up in he face . travis ( cont 'd ) chill the fuck out . player you be lucky I do not break you nose right now . Travis scowl and look away ... travis can someone get this guy a piece of gum , fuck . the player shove Travis in the chest and he fly back ! the rest of the player get up and try to break it up . Travis fly back at he but be stop by billy . travis ( cont 'd ) you better watch you back ! I fuckin ' know people man ! I could buy you right now ! you know how much money I have ?! huh ?! the scuffle continue , billy throw in the middle of it . int . billy car -- later billy drive down the road . Travis in shotgun . they be not say anything to each other . cut to : ext . mansion — day a young female real estate agent lead Andrew and Heather up to a beautiful home ... real estate agent I think you will love this one . Andrew grab heather hand , they smile at each other . int . mansion — they wander into the home and it be gorgeous to say the least . real estate agent this be actually just put on the market . perfect for a young , rich couple like yourself . she laugh . andrew how do you know we be rich ? do I smell like money or something ? he smile and sniff he shirt as a joke . real estate agent I think I know when you ask to look at house in the two to five million dollar range ! andrew yes of course . real estate agent how long have you be marry ? andrew we be not . real estate agent oh , how long have you be engage ? they do not say anything , awkward moment , until ... heather this place be beautiful . Heather walk out and over to the kitchen . Andrew follow ... real estate agent I 'il give you a chance to check it out . they wander away from she and over into the kitchen . int . kitchen , mansion — heather do you like it ? andrew I like the kitchen . but if this place have any secret passageway I be signing today ! suddenly , he phone ring . andrew ( cont ’d ) I gotta take this . heather I think you say you be not gonna answer you phone ? andrew baby , please , I have to . this be important . heather well so be this ! Andrew look back and forth at Heather and then he phone , back and forth and finally he whip open he phone . andrew hey ... yeah .. what 's up ? int . conference room , office build -- Levi , Andrew , and billy sit around a conference table ... all look very serious . suddenly , Travis walk into the room , kind of dishevle , wear he suit . travis sorry I be late . the other look at each other . Travis take he seat . they all look at he . Travis feel uncomfortable ... travis ( cont 'd ) what ? no one say anything . travis ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? Levi lean forward . levi we need to talk to you . travis yeah , about what ? levi you be draw too much attention to yourself ... to we . travis what be you talk about ? levi I do not wanna lecture you , Travis ... but ... we do not need any extra attention from anyone . people hear you talk about how much money you have , they be go to start get interested into where that money be come from . travis we cover be completely credible . andrew it do not matter , Travis . we can not seem reckless . travis you a little tattle - tale , Bill ? levi leave he out of this . travis okay , so what do you want I to say ?! levi just take it easy for a little bit . andrew just be smart . use common sense . Travis take a deep breath . travis shit ... alright , fine . you gonna take my gambling priviledge away too ? levi gamble all you fuckin ' want . lose you entire share if it make you happy . travis you know what , fuck you , Levi . you always act like you be the leader , but let I tell you something , there be no fuck leader ! int . hallway , office build -- as they be argue , Richard wander up the hallway , go over to ask they a question . he hear Travis shouting , and stop by the door . int . conference room , office build -- levi you wanna be in charge , Travis ? travis that 's my fuck point ! no one be in charge ! we be a fuck team ! andrew Travis , just chill out . travis we get bust , we all go down together . together . no one be different here . and I might as well point something else out ... this whole fuck scam be my idea ! the fake account , the ponzi scheme ! billy quiet down . levi sit you ass back down and shut you mouth ! travis I be the one who think this shit up , man ! and do not forget it ! int . office build -- Richard be listen closely now , look confuse , squint . he pass over the doorway , block a little bit of light go into the room . int . conference room , office build -- the guy continue to argue as billy watch the doorway ... see the light in the doorway kind of flicker because of Richard . he watch more closely and finally jump up and rip open the door . he see Richard , grab he and throw he into the room . travis what the - immediately Andrew and billy toss he into a chair . they all gather around he ... levi what the fuck do you just hear ?! Richard be freak out ... richard nothing , nothing . I be just walk by . levi bullshit ! Travis wander away , rub he head in frustration . andrew Richard ... be smart here ... tell we what you hear . richard I ... I do not ... hear anything . billy you be lie , Richard . levi how long be you stand there ? richard just for like ... a minute . levi a minute ! you can hear a lot ina minute , Richard . andrew dammit ! Andrew walk away . Levi contemplate ... levi we gotta kill he . richard what ?! he try to jump up but billy and Andrew grab he again and hold he arm behind he back as he continue to squirm . Levi bend down right in front of he face . levi Richard ... tell I ... what would you do right now ? richard I ...i... do not ... levi I be sorry . we have to kill you . richard I do not care what you be do , I dont ... I will not tell anyone ... andrew so you do hear something ! richard just the end . levi tell I what you hear , Richard . tell I what you hear and we will think about not kill you . richard I just ... andrew time to talk , c'mon . richard I just hear Travis , say , the thing about the fake account . Travis turn to the group ... travis you be right ... we do have to kill he . richard guy , guy , please ... levi I be gonna go get my gun , I will be right back . he turn for a moment ... andrew wait a second . billy you have a gun ? levi Hell yeah I have a gun . billy why ? levi for shit like this , what you think ? billy you be just gonna shoot he right here ? levi yes ! one shot and it 's do . he hold he hand like a gun and point it at Richard and fire it like a gun and we see richard in a dreamlike sequence be shot , but then we quickly CUT back to reality and see he's still alive . andrew what would we do with the body ? levi we will carry he ass outta here and dump it somewhere . CUT to dream sequence -- the four guy carrying richard's dead body through the hall -- quickly CUT back to reality . andrew hold on . let 's figure this out first . levi there 's nothing to figure out ! he know ! he know ! he know ! he know ! he leave this room and we be all dead ! richard who be I gonna tell ? - levi - Richard , shut up ! billy how about we just ... levi just what ? billy I do not know . this be tough . levi no , this be not tough . this be a easy decision in my book . andrew you do not think anyone 's gonna be curious why he disappear ? levi not if we do it right . richard everyone know I work here ... people will know what happen ... Levi jump back over to Richard and talk a inch from he face ... levi say one more word ...c' mon ... say one more ... Richard freeze . Levi go back over to Andrew . andrew we can not kill he . the f.b.i. 's all over we right now anyway , we do not need to give they another reason to talk to we . Levi look back over at Richard ... levi how about this ... he walk over to he , talk in a quiet , calm voice ... levi ( cont 'd ) if you tell anyone , if ...if...if ... you better fuckin ' run ... you better find a fuckin ' rock and hide behind it for the rest of you life because I will hunt you down ... I will hunt you down Richard ... get it ? richard get it , yeah . levi you gonna say anything ? richard no , of course not . levi no ? richard no . levi no ? richard no . levi alright ...now ... go back to work . Richard get up and run out of the room . they all look at each other . billy this be a problem . andrew I think we should like ... tap he phone or something ... Levi nod ... levi not a bad idea . a beat . Travis look over at they ... travis sorry guy ... nothing like that will ever happen again ... levi damn right . there 's a awkward tension in the room . CUT to : int . kitchen , andrew's house -- night close - up on -- a stereo play a song . Heather be in the kitchen , move to the beat as she reach into a cabinet and pull out a bottle of wine . she hum to the song , uncork the bottle , and pour a glass of wine . Andrew wander in behind she , watch she for a moment ... she turn and be startle by he ... heather oh shit , Andrew . you scared I . Andrew be still wear he suit , but he tie be undone . he smile at she . andrew what 's that ? heather wine . andrew I know it 's wine . what year ? heather oh . she examine the bottle . heather ( cont 'd ) ninety five ... Napa Valley ... pinot . I think it would add a little something to the meal . she nod toward the kitchen table . she 's prepare a nice dinner for both of they . Andrew smile , but clearly exhaust from the day . int . dine room , andrew's house -- later they sit across from each other , not say much , but make eye contact here and there . heather how be work today ? a beat . andrew okay . heather just okay ? that 's it ? andrew it be ... interesting . everyday be interesting work with that guy . heather work with that psychos ? andrew hey , that be my business partner you be talk about . heather I have meet you business partner ... and they be psychos . andrew as psycho as want to bury a million dollar in the ground ? heather no , that 's strategy . andrew Strategy ? heather yes ! you be gonna thank I for that one day ! andrew yeah , okay . heather be you in a bad mood ? andrew no . heather no ? andrew no . I be fine . heather well , be something wrong ? andrew I be just stress out ... very , very stress out . heather I be sorry . andrew it 's get harder and harder to kind of ... turn off work ... in my head . it 's hard to come home and not think about all the stuff I have to go through ... and all the stuff I have to deal with tomorrow ... and the next day ... it just keep ... building ... heather do you need help with anything ? andrew ( smile ) no , but thank you . heather so why do not you take a little vacation ? andrew I can not ... this job ... make the type of money I be try to make ... be a all - day , everyday endeavor ... it never stop ... they look at each other and sit in silence ... music come in and continue to play over ... CUT to : montage : we show a bunch of scene where all of we guy be talk on the phone with investor , close deal , Levi pace the call room , monica half - naked in bed as Levi walk into the room , Andrew and billy shaking hand with other investor , Andrew and Heather kissing in bed , Travis collect more chip at the casino , the montage end with the four guy sit in chair , smoking cigar , the image of success . take we to ... int . cigar lounge -- day they be all sit in oversize , brown , leather chair , smoking cigar at this low key lounge ... levi gentlemen -- we have triple we client roster . andrew now be smart with what you spend you money on . billy yeah . travis why you look at I ? andrew nothing . travis yeah I bet . well , when we first start this thing , I honestly think it would be difficult . levi sayin ' shit like that 's gonna fuckin ' jinx we , man ! travis what ? levi you could have just jinxed we right now ! travis please . levi you do not believe in a jinx ? travis no , I do not . levi do you billy ? billy yup . levi Andrew ? andrew yeah . levi see ! travis well , I hope you do not believe in karma too , cuz then we be all dead man walk . he smile . levi I be more inclined to believe ina jinx then some motherfuckin ' karma . travis how be it different ? levi it just be ... billy it 's not that different , Levi . levi okay , I be sorry I bring it up . travis so ... what would you say we fly out to Vegas this weekend ? andrew I would be down . billy yeah ! levi I do not know . we gotta lot of work to do . travis do we though ? honestly ? levi you wanna go to Vegas ? go. I do not care . I be gonna work . travis okay , fine . andrew actually , I can not . travis why not ? andrew Heather 's parent be visit . billy that 's gettin ' pretty serious , huh ? andrew I be not gonna lie ... but ... I think I want to marry she . levi okay , okay , we do not need to hear this shit , Andrew . andrew I be just tell the truth . you do not wanna hear about my personal life ? levi no , I do not . billy well , I say congrat , Andrew . andrew thanks , billy . travis yeah , Levi 's just jealous cuz ' he want Andrew all for himself . Levi flick he off . the other laugh . cut to : int . casino -- night Travis wander up to the outside of the casino , smoking a cigarette . he put it out and walk inside . he head over to the cashier ... and slap down a huge wad of money , wrap in a rubber band . the cashier look at it , look up at he strangely ... Travis smile . int . office build -- day Mike and charle downs , another f.b.i. agent , be briefing walter jacob , a former official , on a meeting with the Phoenix Group . Charles be strapping a recording device to walter 's chest . mike make sure you stay calm and keep ask question . walter just because I be retire do not mean I do not remember how to do this shit . charle you name be Jonathan Mitchell . walter Jonathan , okay . walter have a cocktail on the table next to he , grab it and take a swig . charle should you be drink before this ? walter I 'mfine . I need to loosen upa little bit . take the edge off , the fuckin ' nerve . mike try to see if they will let you onto a trial account on they website . walter at what point do I cut off the conversation ? mike keep it go as long as possible . try to set up another meeting . try to get some referral . charle you need to get referral . try to get a list of everyone they have invest . walter why the fuck would they give I that ? mike because ... they be try to gain credibility . they be try to get you to trust they . charle at least get one . mike say you want to follow up and get a first hand account of they service . walter chug the rest of he drink . walter showtime . elevator , office build -- Levi , billy and Andrew all walk into the elevator . levi where 's Travis ? they all look at each other ... billy I do not know . levi fuck . andrew it 's fine . we do not need he . levi who do we get right now ? andrew some ceo of ... a accounting firm ... Jonathan Mitchell . levi we background check this guy ? they do not respond . levi ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! we let anyone walk up in here now ? background check , background check ! andrew he seem credible and usually that 's Travis ' job . levi Travis be a fuck up , so let 's not use that excuse . the elevator door open and they quickly rush over to a conference room . int . conference room -- they walk in and sit down be walter . he get up and shake they hand ... walter gentlemen , how do you do ? everyone good . they all shake . int . white surveillance van -- same time Mike and Charles be sit in front of a large recording device , each listen on headphone . int . conference room -- levi so how you feel today Mr. Mitchell ? walter good , good ... levi you feel like make money today ? walter today ?! levi well , be you ready to start the process of make money ? cuz ' that can happen right now , yes . walter ( smile ) you gonna buy I dinner before you try to fuck I ? andrew walter ...how much do you know about we and what we do ? walter a little ... I see the website . billy the website do not let you know who we be . how we work . you can only determine that by meeting like we be right now . walter what be you name again ? levi Levi , Andrew , and that 's billy . we be basically brother here . walter Brothers , huh ? do not look like brother . levi as far as you be concerned we be . we company be a family of like - minded individual dedicated to prosper in a vicious and competitive world . we look out for each other ... like brother ... we have each other 's back ... like brother ... and we trust each other ... like brother . if you invest with we , you will be treat in the same fashion . walter well , what concern I be ... I want to know where my money be go . levi we do not reveal who we invest with , or what stock we buy , but you can see the allocation of fund , per month , and also track the return . walter why can not I see where my money be go ? andrew because then you become a critic , a referee . we do not want you to judge we expertise , or for that matter , spread any information about what stock we feel be quality . walter I guess that make sense . billy of course it make sense . walter I be still skeptical though . levi there 's nothing to be skeptical about , sir . it 's not like we be gonna take you money , kidnap you , carry you into the wood , chop you body up into little piece , cover each limb with honey and then wait for the wolf to show up . walter look at he strangely ... a awkward moment ... until everyone start laugh . cut to : int . office build -- later Mike pace the room . Charles be sit down ona stool . walter be take off he recording device . Mike rub a beat . walter you know , there 's a chance they could be legitimate . mike no way . walter why be that not possible ? mike trust I . walter I wanna know , Mike . why be that not possible ? what 's with the vendetta ? mike there 's no fuck vendetta ! alright , yeah , I be skeptical sometimes , but you know what I be gonna do ? I be go to Mexico ... I be talk to tan'el . charle you gonna call up he secretary and ask for a fuckin ' appointment ? forget it . he head , take a deep breath . mike I know what they be do ... I know . and I be not stop until all that guy be in fuckin ' cuff . dream sequence : Travis , Levi , Andrew and billy be all walk through a courthouse , hand cuffed behind they back . slow -motion as they pass mike , he stare at they . int . office build -- Mike stare straight forward , concentrate , determine . CUT to : ext . HOTEL -- day a brand new Ferrari pull up to the valet at this fancy hotel in Scottsdale . Levi and monica step out . the valet help monica out . Levi walk around and they proceed into the building . monica what be I suppose to do during this thing ? levi I do not know . monica how long be it gonna be ? Levi stop and turn to she ... levi just hang out in the lobby or something . monica I be not hang out in the fuck lobby , Levi . he quickly whip out he wallet ... levi alright , just get a room and sit there . he hand she he Black amex . she smile ... monica see ya . he turn and head to ... int . HOTEL conference room -- day Levi walk into the conference room where a small camera crew have set up two chair , clearly prepare for a interview of some kind . a young journalist greet he , wear a slick suit . journalist Levi Charles -- thank you so much for agree to this . levi my pleasure . journalist lot of business major die to hear some of you secret . levi well , I do not think I be give away too many of that today . he laugh . journalist it would be a good story . levi but seriously . I love reach out to people and I 'mthrill to do this . journalist well , in that case , let 's get go . CUT to : int . HOTEL conference room — moment later they begin the interview ... journalist where do you go to college ? levi Cornell , Business School . journalist how old be you ? levi people think I look young .. and that 's because I be . I be twenty eight year old . journalist and that 's what make you story so intrigue . int . andrew's apartment -- day Heather be sleep in bed . Andrew crawl up next to she . he 's hold something in he hand . he kiss she on the cheek , waking she up . she readjust herself toward he . she open andrew baby ... wake up ... I have something I want to tell you . heather tell I . andrew you have to look at I . she eye and roll over . heather yes ... cut to : int . HOTEL conference room -- day Levi and the journalist have start they interview ... levi success be a product of desire . a desire to have the thing you want , to live the way you want to live , to be the person you want to be . the people that succeed , that fight for that success , they have that quality . int . andrew's apartment -- andrew I be do really well right now ... as you probably know ... everything in my life be perfect . in this moment everything be exactly how it should be ... except for one thing ... one thing be not complete yet ... one thing be not right yet ... yet ... heather yet ...? andrew I wanna give you my last name ... he take out a massive diamond engagement ring ... she roll andrew ( cont 'd ) will you marry I ? heather oh my god ! andrew ( laugh ) be that a yes ? over onto he and they start kissing . levi ( v.0 . ) I believe the new generation , the eighty baby , we have that strong desire flow through we vein . int . f.b.i. office -- night Mike sit at he desk , read over a bunch of document about the Phoenix Group . he lean back in he chair and stretch . he look exhaust . levi ( v.o. ) we be a spoiled generation and we want to keep it that way . we parent do not have fuckin ' cell phone , the internet ! ext . adam ' home -- day billy , he father , and he mother , mrs . adam , wander out of the house . both he parent have they eye close and billy be lead they outside . billy keep they close ! mr . adam fuck , Bill , I be gonna hit something . he lead they over to the driveway and set they up in of a brand new mercede with a giant bow around it . levi ( v.0 . ) we have a new way of life that we be try to sustain . billy okay ...open ! mrs . adam oh my god ! billy you like it ?! mr . adam what 's this ? billy a gift . ( a beat ) I buy this for you . mrs . adam you do not have to do this , billy ! billy I want to . mrs . adam be not that sweet ? front mr. adam you afford this ? billy yeah . I want to do something ' special for you guy . mr . adam well , thank you , thank you ... billy I expect a little more excitement outta you . mr . adam I be excited ... yeah ... I mean ... I have my suv ... I love that thing ... but ... momma will drive it ... will not you ? mrs . adam of course I will ! billy well , good . mrs . adam maybe we should start invest with you , huh ? billy sheepishly grin ... billy yeah , maybe ... levi ( v.0 . ) and yet , it 's survival of the fittest . int . HOTEL conference room -- day levi you have to fight for every breath out there . everyone in business be out for themselves . include I . journalist well , you have business partner , do not you ? he pause he break levi everyone in business ... be out for themselves ... that 's a fuckin ' fact . journalist what advice do you have for the young business major of the world who be try to achieve a similar success as you ? until ... levi ethic be overrate . into laughter . levi ( cont 'd ) I be just kid . no I 'mnot . yes , iam . okay ... my advice ? find you niche . journalist do it ever get stressful know that you be in control and in charge of million and million of dollar ... of other people 's money . Levi stare back at he , a slight grin on he face ... the journalist stay relentless ... journalist ( cont ’d ) and how have you manage to stay so consistent in you investment ? be it true you guarantee return ? levi there be no way to guarantee return . who tell you that ? int . conference room , office build -- day Mike be stand in front of a projector screen in this small conference room . Peter donnelly be stand in the back of the room with he arm cross . Mike be explain what he think we guy be do ... mike basically ... what I believe ... be that it 's a form of online banking , but they use they own program and they own database . for instance , if someone give they one hundred thousand dollar , they create a '' account " for this person . with this " account " the investor can check they balance , can check they gain , loss etc . but what I believe they be do ... be set up invisible money . this account ... this number ... be just that ... a number . it have no monetary representation . they actually deposit the investment into they own account . official then how do they give return to they investor ? mike well , that 's it right there . they be feed money from investor to investor . in achain . so when they give they investor the return , they be actually deposit money into that person 's account , but it be only a small percentage of what that person invest . so technically , as long as the investor never decide to walk away , they could be funnel they own money back to they forever . the group peter now , be any of this information back up ? confirm ? mike it 's just speculation at this point , sir . sigh . peter do not bother we anymore with speculation ... get some fact . alright , who 's next ?! Peter walk down the aisle toward the front of the room . Mike start breathe hard , get more and more frustrated until he burst out ... mike I be not do ! Peter pause in he track . peter what ? mike I be not do ! this be priority ! this be a high - technology crime ! maybe you be not brief enough on this material Peter but let I tell you .. this be the twenty - first century and the biggest war we have be the cyber-war ! address the rest of the official in the room ... peter please cover you ear -- I be about to start cussing now . ( a beat ) sit you fuck ass over in that motherfuck chair northcutt ! Mike pause and then walk over to he chair and sit down . Peter wander over to the projector screen , examine it and turn around . peter first off , you ever call I Peter again and I will rip you nose off you fuck face . you address I as '' sir '' or you address I as mister donnelly . I may be attractive and youthful but I have earn my status as '' mister . '' you get that ? Mike do not react . peter issue number two .. we be not in the business of skepticism Mike . we be in the business of fact . and I like fact . fact do not fuck lie , and the only fact you have right now , Mike , Mike northcutt , be that you be a novice fuck official that enjoy raise he voice to head of criminal investigative division . ( he begin pace the aisle ) a man be shot with a bullet equal fact . a car crash into a telephone pole equal fact . tear be wet , fire be hot , ice be cold , fact , fact , and fact . you have no fact son , you have skepticism and the world be not run that way and neither be the Federal Bureau of investigation . this may be the wrong unit for you . maybe you should transfer to cyber division and handle internet fraud ? you know where they be station ? ( change tone ) do you wanna know where they be station ? you want to be in the criminal investigative division ? this division ? you need to do some criminal investigate . you need to get tangible evidence . so let I say it one more time , mikey , and I hope you can contain you tear . do not bother we again with speculation — get some fact . ( he head toward the door ) now all of you go turn you tooth into fuck fang and start make some arrest . cut to : int . call room -- day we travel around the call room , listen to different pitch from telemarketer . we end on Richard , as he sit there , stare forward , look kind of nervous . behind he ... Levi stand in the doorway with he arm cross . after a moment , we suddenly see Andrew rush down the hallway ... andrew levi! Levi turn . levi what 's wrong ? andrew tan'el 's on the phone ... it 's not good . int . office -- Levi rush into Andrew 's office , pick up the phone ... levi Mr. Garcia ! how be you ? int . ranch -- same time tan'el pace back and forth in he live room , talk to they on he cell phone . tan'el not good , not good . levi why ? tan'el I know I promise to invest but ... I be sorry ... I need my money back ... int . office -- Levi mouth " shit " and sit down in Andrew 's chair . levi can you explain why ? tan'el I understand if you have already invest some of it ... that 's fine ... keep it ... but ... the rest of the capitol I need back . levi you gettin ' cold foot ? c'mon , what change ? tan'el I have a few ... deal ... that ... get fuck up ... I lose some money . I be not try to dance around this , I need my money back . levi well , just so you know , we be look at some big return very soon for you . we plan on tripling you money ! tan'el that 's all good , but , at this moment , I be put together something that require the extra money ... I will eventually be able to reinvest with you gentleman , but right now ... levi okay , okay . how about this ? let I and my partner come back down there , down to Mexico - Andrew shoot he a awkward look . levi ( cont 'd ) and we will sit down with you and work out how we can continue we business together . tan'el take a deep breath ... tan'el well ... I do not know if it will change anything ... but ... you wanna come down to my city ? I will not turn you away . levi then we be get on a plane right now . you be important to we Mr. Garcia . you be we most important client and we do not want to lose you business . ( pause ) okay , sir . see you soon . bye . he hang up , rub he head , Andrew be silent . ext . runway -- day Levi and Andrew walk down this private runway and over to they private plane . they be dress in nice suit . Andrew be talk to Travis on the phone ... andrew where be you ? ( pause ) no , we can not wait ! you suppose to be here thirty minute ago ! ( pause ) just stay there with billy . ( pause ) bye . he hang up . andrew ( cont ’d ) Travis be not come . levi what be we gonna do with that kid ? andrew he be we connection to Tan 'el . levi do not matter now . int . billy office -- same time billy be lean back in he chair , zone out . he 's take piece of computer paper , crush they into little ball and try to shoot it into the waste basket near the door . he shoot a few time and miss . he stretch , take a deep breath , bored . ext . runway , mexico -- day the plane come to a smooth stop on the runway . we guy get out and be meet with tan'el 's assistant , stand next to the same limousine as before . they all shake he hand and get in . ext . ranch -- day tan'el be sit in a lawn chair in the back of the ranch . he 's wear a wife - beater , smoking a cigar , and shoot a rifle at a few target . he fire ... bang ! miss . he reload . bang ! bang ! he miss again . he squint , try to see if he hit it or not . after a moment , we guy turn the corner , be lead by the assistant . tan'el hear they and turn ... tan'el oopa ! levi how you doin ' sir ? tan'el good , good . where 's Travis ? andrew he 's back home . change subject ... levi you a good shot ? tan'el look down at he rifle . tan'el one of the best ! he clearly be terrible . levi can I try ? tan'el sure , sure . he hand the gun to Levi . Levi grab it , seem comfortable with the rifle , walk over in front of the lawn chair , quickly cock it , point it at a target ... bang ! bang ! bang ! he hit three straight target . tan'el try to not look impressed . tan'el ( cont 'd ) good , good . almost as good as I ! levi I be try . int . billy office -- same time billy be still hang out in the office . he look at he watch , then get up , grab he jacket , and leave . ext . ranch -- day Andrew be hold the gun now , look down the sight . he fire ...miss ...fire ... miss . levi you suck , Andrew . andrew shut up . he lower the gun ... andrew ( cont 'd ) this seem like a pretty good bargain tool . tan'el it be , it be . I use it in all my negotiation ! they laugh . tan'el ( cont 'd ) so ... you have my money ? silence ... a beat . finally ... levi well , that 's why we want to come down here . andrew we really want you to continue to work with we . tan'el I already explain this . I need that money . levi let 's try to figure something out that work for both of we . tan'el calmly reach out for the rifle . tan 'el ( quietly ) can I see that for a moment ? andrwe hand it to he . tan'el quickly grab it and point it right at Levi 's head . tan'el ( cont 'd ) give I my money . Levi nervously smile . CUT to : ext . STREET -- same time billy , hand in he pocket , wander down the street . he pass a deli , stop , and head inside . int . ranch -- same time tan 'el everyone be a good shot when they be stand a inch from they target . I do not think I can miss from here . andrew just calm down , calm down . levi let 's talk about this . tan'el I make a mistake . I be too quick to invest with you gentleman . too stupid . andrew we can make you money . just give we time . tan'el no ! if my money be not in my account by next weekend ... I will kill you . be that clear ? be that English ? I can tell you in Spanish if you want ? levi well , this be not much of a negotiation , be it ? tan'el no ... andrew give we two week . and just the rest of the capitol . tan'el why two week ? why more time ? andrew we have to organize we account . levi yeah , crunch some number . tan'el okay , two week . he lower the gun and smile . int . deli -- same time billy look over the menu , order , pay , and take he seat at a table about ten foot away . he 's look at he cell phone . as he 's look at he phone , a man enter through the front entrance . billy hear he , but do not look up . cashier hey , walter , how ya doin ' ? billy finally look up , see walter and do a double take . he recognize he and realize he 's go by a different name ... billy ( smirk ) hey , Jonathan ... walter snap he head over to he , give a surprised expression and quickly turn back to the cashier . billy flash a huge smile , know he be spying on they . billy ( cont 'd ) Nice one . CUT to : ext . runway -- day Andrew and Levi walk down the runway . Levi have he phone to he ear ... levi billy , what 's up ? int . billy house -- same time billy you guy land yet ? levi we be just take off . be there in a few hour . billy okay ... well ... when you land ... I need you guy to come over to my house . levi why ? billy I will explain when you get here . he hang up . Levi lower the cell phone , look oddly over at Andrew . ext . billy house -- they walk up to the front door and knock . after only a moment , billy rip the door open , he 's bite he nail . billy hey . andrew so what 's go , billy ? billy I have to show you something . the guy look confuse . billy turn and lead they through he house and over to a bedroom . they open the door next to he ... int . bedroom - sitting there on the far side of the room be walter , a blindfold around he eye , he mouth bleed , and he arm tie behind he back . Andrew quickly slam the door shut again ... andrew what the hell be that ?! billy that 's walter , man . levi walter ?! billy he 's f.b.i . he be spying on we . andrew what be you talk about ?! billy remember Jonathan Mitchell ? the investor of that accounting firm we meet last week ? andrew yes . billy that 's he ! andrew so why the hell be he tie up in you house , billy ? billy I do not know what to do . andrew oh my god . Andrew walk away , rub he forehead . levi billy , billy ... listen to I for a second . do anyone see you bring this guy here ? billy no way . levi be you sure about that ? billy yes , positive . andrew what the hell be you think ? billy I be think I be gonna save we ass by catch a spy ! andrew this be insane . levi but billy ... what do we do now , huh ? billy I do not know ! levi dammit . andrew where 's Travis ? do he know about this ? billy he do not answer . levi billy ... I appreciate you look out for we . I know you think this be the right thing to do , but this be not the right thing to do . this be the wrong thing to do . billy rub he eye . Andrew open the door again and study walter ... andrew be he knock out ? billy yeah , I think so . I hit he pretty hard . levi so let 's just dump he somewhere . andrew then he will just come back and arrest we . billy no , no . I blindfolded he right away , he do not know where he be . andrew will he recognize you from we company ? billy I do not think so . andrew you do not think so ? billy yeah . he only see I for a moment . he probably will not remember anything . Andrew close the door . andrew we need to worry about tan'el right now , we do not have time to think about a freaking hostage ! levi billy 's gonna handle this . billy how ? levi how ? billy yeah . levi you be gonna fuckin ' dump he back off somewhere , somewhere in this desert so no one see you ass do it . billy walright ... okay . levi get it ? billy yeah , get it . andrew somebody call Travis ! ext . desert -- evening all be quiet until ... billy 's fly by and screech to a stop . no one be around . billy quickly jump out and walk around to the side of the car . he open the door , grab walter by the arm and drag he out into the desert . walter what the hell ?! you better run ! you be go to jail for a long time , son ! his blindfold be still on , he have no clue who billy be ... billy sure about that ? billy jump into the driver 's seat and take off . walter try to get to he foot , but trip and fall . CUT to : int . conference room -- night we guy sit around the room . Andrew 's pace back and forth . Travis be there . levi tan'el ... no one say anything . andrew there 's nothing we can do with he . we have to bite the bullet on this one . cut we spend and continue to push forward , find more people . we have not even ask any client to refer we yet . we should work that connection more . a beat ... travis tan'el ... what if ... what if we kill he ... keep the money . andrew be you fuckin ' serious ? Levi get you on that coke or what ? levi first of all , fuck off . secondly , that 's not a bad idea , Travis . billy do not say anything . andrew be you insane ?! travis you would not kill he for ten million dollar ? andrew no ! what the - where the hell be I ? levi it 's definitely intrigue . andrew intrigue ?! you plan to just walk in there , say " hey , howya ' doin ? " and then cap he ass ? you do not think anyone 's gonna have a problem with that ? levi well , obviously , we would be smarter about it than that . travis what would you do for ten million dollar , Andrew ? he do not respond . travis ( cont 'd ) ( overly articulate ) what would you do for ten million dollar , Andrew ? tell I . andrew shit ... I do not know ! not murder ! travis then I will do it , or Levi , or billy . dream sequence : we see tan'el smoking a cigar , laugh , and then Levi , Travis and billy come up behind he . Levi draw a gun and point it at he . on the SOUND of the trigger we CUT back to ... int . conference room -- silence . silence . travis you stay here , be a pussy . andrew I do not consider that be a pussy you head -case . I consider that rational think . levi Travis be right though ... you do not have to be involved . andrew I be involved no matter what , so stop say that . if I know about it , and I do not stop it , I be involved . travis I just do not see any other way . andrew how about give he he money back ? ( a beat ) we wire he he ten mill , we suck it up , and move on . we have not spend that much of it any way . andrew ( cont 'd ) right ? andrew ( cont 'd ) look , I gotta get out of here . I be not have this conversation . levi now you quit ? Andrew stop ... a beat . andrew ( mockingly ) you can not quit , right ? this isa mafia ... blood in ... no one respond . he leave . billy you do not really wanna murder tan'el , do you ? Travis lean back in he chair . travis I think it should be a option . billy I be worried about Andrew , I be . levi you do not need to be . billy I do not know ... I mean ... I think I be feelin ' skeptical but Andrew ... I think everything 's start to get to he . what if he tell someone ? levi well , then we will probably know about it . travis what do you mean ? levi ( frankly ) I tapped he phone and mike he house . travis what ? be you kid ? levi no. I be serious . billy why ?! travis wait - you tap my shit ? levi no . travis you be a liar . levi I do not , Travis ! I trust you . Andrew , I do not trust . not lately . billy I do not like that , man . that 's fuck up . levi I be lookin ' out for we , okay ? billy when do you tap he phone ? levi same time I do Richard 's . if he 's so trust worthy then we should have nothing to worry about , right ? Levi 's point kind of make sense . the group sit in silence . CUT to : int . live room , andrew's house -- night Heather sit on the floor , look at some CD 's . she pop one into the stereo and turn it upa little bit ...as ... Andrew walk in the front door . he 's slouching , look tired . Heather hear he ... heather hey baby . he wander into the live room ... andrew what be you do ? heather just listen to some music . he collapse onto the couch . andrew some day , I bet we will not even have CD 's . heather what do you mean ? andrew well , first we have record , then tape , now CD 's , I mean it 's the year two thousand , I be sure they be gonna think of something . heather maybe like a little CD player , but it have all you music without put any CD 's in . andrew that 's just crazy . she laugh . heather whatever . andrew be not it weird how everyone think y2k be gonna be the end of the world ? everyone buy all this can food , searched for bomb shelter , and then the clock strike midnight and nothing fuckin ' happen . nothing . how can people be so wrong about something ? just completely wrong . heather I be worried . andrew no way ! you be ? heather a little bit . you be not ? andrew nope . heather you know , you think you be a tough guy , but I know you be really just a big baby . andrew ( playfully ) dem 's fightin ' word . heather I could take you . andrew really , huh ? she get up and jump on he . they wrestle for a moment and it end with Andrew hold she . heather so , where be we have the wedding ? we have not even decide yet . Andrew grow serious ... andrew well ... heather how about ... Jamaica ? he do not respond . heather ( cont 'd ) okay , not Jamaica . he take a deep breath . andrew we might have to push it back for awhile . she perk up and turn to he ... heather why ? andrew well ... we have some ... problem ... at work . heather what kind of problem ? andrew we lose some money . Heather look concerned . heather what happen ? andrew I do not wanna get into it ... but ... I just want you to know that I be try to give you the wedding of you dream ... I wanna make sure it 's perfect . so I be go to need more time . heather can you tell I what happen ? he take another breath ... andrew remember that big investment we get ? well , we lose it . heather you lose it ? how ? andrew we have to give it back . he get up and start pace , get increasingly stress out . andrew ( cont 'd ) I really do not wanna talk about this . heather if we be go to get marry , I deserve to know everything about you life , do not I ? andrew yes , but ... heather you can talk to you wife , Andrew . what be you hide ? andrew I be not hide anything . heather sure sound like it . andrew it 's just ... complicated ... heather I want to trust you . I have to trust you ... you have to trust I . andrew I trust you . heather then tell I what 's go on . he turn to she . he 's about to crack . andrew everything I do ... I be not perfect ... I have make mistake ... but I think ... I do not know ... I be sick of be the bad guy . heather bad guy ? andrew what I be about to tell you , you can not repeat , you can not question , and I want you to know that I be try to make it right . okay ? heather okay . you can trust I . andrew I can trust you ? heather of course . I love you . andrew well , I be tell you this because I love you too . I love you more than anything . heather just tell I . he walk over and sit down next to she ... andrew we company ... baby ... we company be a fuck fraud . we do not invest , we be not stock broker , we be fraud ! what we do ... we take people investment and then pay they back small portion of they own money pretend it 's they interest . but there be no fuck interest ! we be spend they money ! heather but...how ... would not you run out ? andrew not if you keep get investor ! especially if the investment keep get bigger ! and we keep get they ! baby ... we be steal they money ! this house be steal ! everything in here ! everything I buy you ! it 's all a scam , baby ! he get up and start pace . he notice she 's start to get nervous . andrew ( cont 'd ) but Heather ...see ... the only reason I be tell you this be because I be gonna stop , I be quit , I be not gonna be a criminal anymore . heather what if someone find out ? andrew no one 's gonna find out , ever . no one know . no one will ever know . heather I think you should tell someone . andrew and go to jail ?! be you insane ?! heather be they gonna let you just walk away ? Andrew ponder ... andrew no , not exactly . I be still figure that out . Heather start to tear up . andrew ( cont 'd ) Heather -- do not cry . everything 's gonna be fine . really . I promise . heather I do not want anything to happen to you . andrew nothing 's gonna happen to I . we be go to be alright . heather how be you gonna protect yourself ? a beat . andrew there be one option ... a backup plan ... heather what be it ? andrew if all else fail , and I have to get out , if I need to do something drastic ... heather what ? andrew there 's this f.b.i. agent that 's be try to get information from we . he tell we ... he tell billy ... that ... he would grant immunity to anyone who disclose information about we company , if it lead to indictment . CUT to : int . office -- same time ! we be wide on -- levi's office -- he sit behind he desk , headphone on . we dolly in on he -- he's frozen with SHOCK , anger , awe ... he be listening to there conversation through the microphone he planted in andrew's house . we faintly hear andrew and heather continue to talk . we get a sense that levi be go to have a problem with this ... int . andrew's house -- night Andrew and Heather lie in bed -- Andrew be awake and stare up at the ceiling . cut to : ext . office build -- night Levi be sit under a street light , wait . after a moment , Travis and billy wander up . travis so what 's this about ? Levi pause for a moment . Travis look around ... travis ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be goin ' on ? levi we have a problem with Andrew . billy what kind of problem ? levi a big problem ... a really big problem . travis like what ? levi I have something I want you to hear . Levi walk toward the office building . Travis and billy look at each , and finally , follow Levi toward the building . CUT to : int . bathroom , andrew's house -- day he brushes he tooth in front of the mirror , get ready for a day of work . he take a extra long look at himself in the mirror . ext . parking garage -- later Andrew , dress in he suit , hold he suitcase , cross through the parking garage . he seem nervous , breathe hard . int . elevator -- long take -- he get into the elevator , ride it up , get off , and walk through the entire office . he pass Levi 's office , empty , pass Travis ' office , empty , billy 's office , empty . he head over to the conference room and open the door ... int . conference room -- Levi , billy , and Travis sit around the conference table with serious expression . they turn and stare at Andrew . andrew we have a meeting ? Levi nod . Andrew sense some tension in the air . andrew ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? travis ( calmly ) can you close the door ? Andrew close the door . as he do , Levi stand up and smoothly take out a gun and point it right at Andrew 's back . he turn around to see the gun and freeze . andrew what the fuck ? levi sit down . Andrew put he hand up and wander over to a chair . he sit down and Travis immediately whip out some duct tape , rip off a large piece and slap it across Andrew 's mouth . he jerk up but billy grab he arm and hold they behind the chair . Travis take the rest of the duct tape and start wrapping it around he body and the chair . Levi lean in ... levi ( cont 'd ) Andrew , Andrew , Andrew . we have a problem . Andrew fight for a moment ... levi ( cont 'd ) do you know why we be do this ? he obviously can not respond ... levi ( cont 'd ) I think we be brother . I think we be family . we have a circle of trust here , Andrew . but you know what you do ? you break that bond . you break the motherfuckin ' trust circle , Andrew . Andrew 's eye look confuse . levi ( cont 'd ) you be gonna sell we out . you be gonna tell the f.b.i. and fuck we ! he shake he head furiously . levi ( cont 'd ) you can not deny that ! i...hear ... everything . I have tiny little eyeball everywhere . this be not easy for we , Andrew . this be hard .... very , very hard . we do not wanna have to kill you ... but ... I think we have to . I think we have to kill you girl too . Andrew be breathe heavily , and in one big burst of strength try to rip out of the duct tape . he kind of break some of it , and Travis and billy hold he back down . billy shit . levi use more duct tape , shit . billy hold he down as Travis apply more tape . levi ( cont 'd ) maybe I be wrong here . maybe I should not kill you . do you have a better idea ? a better option ? cuz we do not . we be not go to jail , Andrew . we be not gonna let you sell we out . Andrew be try to say something , we hear it muffle by the tape . billy maybe we should let he say something . Levi think about it ... finally ... rip the duct tape off of he mouth . Andrew yell out in pain . levi talk , talk , talk . andrew ( through breath ) I do not ... know ... what the hell you be talk about . levi Andrew ... I mike you house . andrew huh ? levi i...mike ...your ... house . you be go to rat we out . andrew what ? no ! no , I be not ! levi we fuck hear you . andrew I be not serious ! I would never do that ! he motion to Travis to cover he mouth up again . Travis quickly do ... levi no deny it now , sir . I be sorry . Levi wander over to the window . levi ( cont 'd ) you have put we in a very difficult position . he clutches he gun in he hand , calmly walk over to Andrew , and whack ! he hit he in the face with the back of he gun and knock he out . fade to black : we hear a rustling around , breathing , finally , brightness ... ext . parking garage -- day Andrew be in the back of a trunk , he face bruise and cut . his hand be tie behind he back and he still have duct tape over he mouth . billy have just pop the trunk . they're on top of a parking garage , no other car around . billy be lean up against the car . he take out a cigarette and light it . Andrew squirm for a moment and then realize he can not free himself . billy I do not know how we get here , man . I feel like I be in a fuck nightmare ... and I be just wait to wake up from this shit . ( a beat ) they be look for Heather right now , Andrew . and I ? I be suppose to get rid of you . I be suppose to kill you . I be suppose to kill one of my best friend ! billy rub he head . Andrew fight harder to untie himself but it 's useless . billy ( cont 'd ) the first outlaw of the 21st century , huh ? it sound romantic ... but ... all this shit ... everything we have be do for the last two year ... it 's all fuck up . we be all insane , you know that ? to do what we have be do ? you have to be wire a little differently up here to go through with any of this stuff . you know ... my goal ... be always just about make money ... make as much money as you can ... make all the money in the world ... prove to people and myself that I could do it . why ? probably cuz it be important to my parent , I guess . but , one day I finally realize that be not what make I happy . I still do not know what do though ... I be still try to figure that out . ( a beat ) you be one of my best friend , Andrew . I could never kill you ... I could never kill anyone . Levi ? Travis ? they could kill . they might have already kill she . I do not know . but ... that 's for you to figure out I guess . he toss he cigarette away , reach over and help Andrew out of the trunk . Andrew 's foot and hand be tie and he collapse onto the ground . billy stand over he ... billy ( cont 'd ) I be leave , Andrew . billy the kid be not gonna die young . billy the kid be run off into the sunset . you guy ? I do not know what 's go to happen . I do not wanna know . I do not wanna be here anymore . I wanna change , I wanna be somebody else , have a different life . he take out a small knife and unty he foot and hand . billy ( cont 'd ) Wyatt earp , huh ? good luck , man . take care of yourself . he toss Andrew 's cellphone into he lap , rush over to the driver 's seat and get in . Andrew jump up and rip the duct tape off he mouth ... andrew billy ! wait ! where be they ?! where be they ?! he jog after the car but billy quickly peel away and be go . he stop and look down at he cellphone . CUT to : int . parking garage -- later Andrew dial Heather 's number , and rush down the stair . he listen for a moment , but the answer click on ... andrew fuck ! he continue down the stair . dial again ... answer machine . he reach the bottom of the stair and take off into a full speed sprint . mid-stride , he dial again ... no answer . CUT to : ext . CITY street -- later Andrew run along the city street , breathe hard , sweat , scan the area for a taxi . he see one and dart into the street to flag it down . he wave he arm wildly into the air . the taxi slam on its brake . cut to : ext . andrew's house -- later Levi and Travis be park across the street wait in they car . Travis light a cigarette . they wait , not talk to each other , Levi 's eye fix on the front door . cut to : int . taxi -- evening Andrew be breathe hard , continue to dial she number and still no answer . he reach into he pocket , grab he wallet and open it . he take out Mike 's business card and look at it . finally , he dial the number . andrew hello ? Mike northcut ? ( pause ) yes , this be Andrew Thomas with the Phoenix group. ( pause ) I have something to talk to you about . ext . andrew's house -- evening the taxi pull up to he house and Andrew jump out . he do not pay the driver and just run toward the house . driver hey ! you owe I ... he trail off as Andrew reach the front door . he open it ... it be unlock . andrew Heather ?! he jog into the kitchen , no one . he jog into the live room ... int . live room , andrew's house -- Levi and Travis be stand there , Levi hold a gun ... Andrew see they and freeze ... levi what the ... travis shit ! I tell you I should do it ! Levi do not respond to he . andrew where 's my wife ? levi you tell I . we have be wait for she . travis where 's billy ? andrew he leave . levi what would you mean " he leave ? " andrew he 's go ! he bail ! he do not wanna be a part of this anymore ... just like I . Levi raise he gun to Andrew ... levi too bad . Andrew put he hand up ... Levi kind andrew you think I and billy be the only one who want out ? Travis be gonna do the same thing I be ! travis shut the fuck up . andrew I be serious , Levi ! he say you be get out of control . of look over at Travis ... travis shoot he , please . andrew he tell billy too ! he always hate that you be the leader ! remember ?! travis gimme the gun , please , I will shoot he . levi what 's he talk about ? travis he 's try to save he ass , what would you think ?! Fucking kill he , man , and let get outta here ! andrew it 's the truth , Levi ! ask billy ! it 's true ! he always hate how you be jesse James and shit , the leader ... be not that right Travis ? travis shut you fuck mouth , Andrew . Levi ! gimme the gun ! he lunge for it , but Levi step back and point it at he . they freeze there for a moment . travis ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? levi maybe I should just kill both of you ? travis yeah , fuckin ' maybe . ( a beat ) you really gonna let he manipulate you like this ? be you that weak ? levi I forget ... do I trust you ? travis you be so fuck paranoid , man . Travis take out a cigarette and light it . travis ( cont 'd ) you need to figure some shit out for yourself , because if you can not trust I , you can not trust anyone . levi yeah , maybe I can not trust anyone . travis you know ... I always think I have some problem ... but ... compare to you ... ext . andrew's house -- same time a car pull up to the side garage ... and out step Heather . int . live room , andrew's house -- travis be this what you want , Andrew ? you want this thing to self - destruct ? we be on top of the world , you realize that ? levi we still be ... suddenly , Heather cross into the live room , see they stand there , and scream ! her high - pitch scream startles Levi and he shoot travis ! bang ! the bullet slice through Travis ' chest , he cigarette drop from he mouth . in this instance , Andrew spin around , and grab Heather ... andrew run ! Levi look over at they but rush over to Travis ... levi shit ! shit ! Travis be cough up blood , as Levi lean down next to he . levi ( cont 'd ) I do not ... mean ... travis ( cough ) this feel ... pretty real . ext . andrew's house -- Andrew and Heather run out to she car ... andrew gimme the key ! she toss the key to he , and they pile in . he fire up the car and they peel out . int . live room , andrew's house -- Levi get up and run out of the house . ext . andrew's house -- Levi make it outside in time to see Andrew and Heather drive down the street . int . car -- later Andrew and Heather drive down the street , Andrew pull the car over on the side of the road . he unbuckle he seat belt , reach over and they hug ... andrew baby , I love you . heather I be scared ... what 's go on ... andrew it 's okay ... everything be take care of now ... we be gonna be alright ... fade to black : CUT to : extreme close - up on a few bullet be load into a chamber . int . office -- night ( scene from the beginning of the movie ) we be wide on this darkly light office . a giant glass wall overlook the bright , city light of Phoenix , Arizona . stand in the middle of the room be a man , that we now identify as Levi . he be hold a gun in he hand ... clutching it tightly . int . white hallway -- night we be centered on a white hallway -- three men , f.b.i. official , suddenly rush around the corner . we now identify one of the man as Mike northcut . they be hold a few folder , walk briskly ... official # 1 he 's ready - mike - full confession ? official # 1 full confession . official # 3 he want total immunity . they turn the corner and enter a small dark room , where a single light shine over a man at a table , that we now identify as Andrew . the three man pull up chair across from he . one of they pull out a small recording device , set it up in front of Andrew , and hit record . mike someone go to work on that eye . he do not respond . mike ( cont 'd ) I have be chase you guy for awhile now , huh ? still no response ... mike ( cont 'd ) but I always know .. I always know . he reach over and hit record on the recording device . mike ( cont 'd ) okay ... tell we what happen ... int . office -- night Levi continue to clutch the gun , stare out at the city . finally , in one swift movement , he raise it to he head and fire . CUT to : int . interrogation room -- Andrew lean into the light ... andrew well , first , I wanna know I have immunity . Mike look around . mike Sir , we actually can not promise that at this time , but I assure you , that you cooperation will favor you in court sentencing - andrew - what if I tell you that I could help bring in another person too ... someone you might be very interested in bring in . would that give I immunity ? mike who ? ext . desert -- day there be two suv 's park in the middle of the desert . after a moment , we see Andrew get out of one of the car . he walk out into the middle of the two car and wait for a moment , until the door of the other car open and out step tan'el and he assistant . Andrew flash a huge fake smile . tan'el my favorite broker ! Andrew toss they a duffle bag ... andrew ten million . back like we tell you . tan 'el my man ! and do not think I will not want to invest with you guy again . andrew I do not think that 's gonna happen . tan'el why not ? andrew I be quit the business . move away for awhile . tan'el too bad . well , I hope you live a good life my friend . andrew you as well . they shake and Andrew turn and head back to he car . he get in as tan'el wander back to he car . Andrew peel out and dust fly up . before tan'el be even in the car , Andrew be already book out of there . finally , after Andrew 's car be about fifty yard away , we see four black suv' appear from each angle heading right toward tan 'el' vehicle . tan'el look around , scared , not know what 's go on . int . f.b.i suv -- Mike be in shotgun of one of the car , stare straight ahead , clenching he jaw . CUT to : ext . backyard , andrew's home -- same time we slowly move in on a hill of dirt ... and see that next to it be a big hole ... where Heather and Andrew bury the one million dollar in cash ... it 's go now . cut to : int . andrew's car -- Andrew let out a scream of excitement . Heather appear from the backseat , she be ducking down . andrew we do it baby ! heather Home free , huh ? andrew yeah , we just gotta find where that home be now . he smile . heather well , what be you think ... Vegas ? andrew can we afford Vegas ? Heather reveal the duffle bag with the one million dollar in cash ... heather we get about one million , so how long can that last in Vegas ? andrew I guess we will find out . they both laugh . ext . desert -- they fly through the desert and finally reach a pave road . we watch they disappear into the distance . we hear a voice over from a earlier scene as they drive away and we see the desert , old west landscape ... levi ( v.0 . ) welcome to the twenty - first century , gentleman . andrew ( v.o. ) feel good . levi ( v.0 . ) this be we time . this be we time to define what the twenty - first century be go to represent . wecan shape it . billy ( v.o. ) the first outlaw of the new millenium . fade out : the end .