GREEN room screenplay by Jeremy saulnier script status September 7 , 2014 over black . the SOUND of a engine , sputter dead . card : GREEN room fade - in : int . conversion van - dawn 1 local radio quietly rattles through blow speaker . four young men lie contort within , sound asleep . a mute sunbeam cut through they hang breath and find PAT ( 20 , a doe - eye vandal ) in the rear cargo hold . he blink awake and sit up , grasp for equilibrium . he turn and wipe the fogge porthole window behind he . through the porthole : batter GREEN stalk tight against the glass . PAT shit . ext . corn field - sunrise 2 from way up high : the weathered conversion van sit in a cornfield , a wake of trample stalk mark its thirty yard drift from the road . the landscape be vast , coastal . int . conversion van - sunrise 3 Pat crawl between the bucket seat and put a hand on SAM ( late 20 , scruffy ) , asleep in the front passenger seat . PAT Sam . wake-up . reece ( 20 , a natural athlete ) , sit up from between equipment case , encase in a sleeping bag . reece what 's wrong ? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 2 Sam wipe the windshield clear , see the wall of corn . SAM ( slapping the driver ) what have you do , Tiger ? the driver , TIGER ( 20 , a wiry mutt with dyed blue hair ) jolt alert and survey the scene . TIGER do we crash ? SAM you tell we , asshole . TIGER guess I fall asleep . PAT with the engine run . the fuel gauge needle sit below ' E '. reece well do . Sam disconnect he cell phone from a cigarette lighter adapter . it chirp . SAM full charge . do you kill the battery too ? TIGER you hear the radio ? Pat reach over , yank the key and kill the local radio . ext . conversion van —- cornfield - day 4 tracking SAM , swiping he phone , round the open rear door of the van as reece and Tiger unload sticker - up case . we see they now . rock shirt , tattoos , shitty haircut - they 're a punk band . SAM there 's a skate rink eleven mile from here . Big parking lot . Pat hop from the van , drag out a batter bmx bike . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) PAT Ice skate or roller skate ? SAM just say they be open . why ? Pat pull a duffel bag and gas can from the van . reece hockey player whoop more ass . TIGER dunno , dude - I have see some pretty badass roller skater ... SAM at 7 be ? i’1l come with . Pat nod , shrug the duffel over he shoulder . ext . highway - day Pat pedal the bmx down the highway , Sam sit atop mount luggage rack transfix by he phone , foot the back wheel pegs . PAT that thing ruin everything . SAM ..- huh ? PAT if we do not know where we be go , we would be on a quest . but we do ... so it 's a errand . it 's a serene morning , Sam yawns . ext . skating rink —- parking lot - day a rear rest on pushing in on a gravel lot . the unmanned bmx wheel down a drainage ditch and fall over . Pat and Sam follow its path , take cover in the ditch . Sam scan the lot as Pat remove a siphon kit from the duffel : 1 /4 " clear tubing , a length of black rubber hose , and a stain rag . SAM thar she blow ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 4 near the edge of the lot sit a monster suv . ext . skating rink - parking lot - suv - moment later 7 Pat and Sam scamper to a crouch beside the suv . Sam unscrew the gas cap . Pat feed one end of the clear tub into the tank , the other into they canister . he shove the rubber hose into the tank and press the rag down as a seal . Pat blow two hard breath into the hose . Gas trickle then pour into the canister . share grin . a metal clank . echoes from a cavernous interior . Pat spring up and peer through the tinted suv window , see parent corral pee - wee hockey player from a rink access door into the lot . Pat crouch , signal to pack it up . Sam pull the rig . ext . highway - day 8 Pat pedal up the highway , Sam on the rack , hunch over he phone . a suv round the corner , its rpm break the quiet . SAM ( look up ) uh oh . Pat turn to see the suv gain , curse . SAM ( cont 'd ) what be we do ? PAT cover the gas . get ready to run . Sam hastily cover the gas canister with he jacket as the suv slow beside they . they look ahead , play it not - so - cool . the suv window roll down , revealing a hockey mom . hockey mom not safe , what you boy do ... SAM ( half - ass ) we do not do anything , mar ’am . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) hockey mom I can smell it . ( point ) that 's it , there . Pat drag he foot to a stop . hockey Mom follow suit . now visible be two pee - wee hockey player press to the back - seat glass . PAT we be sorry . hockey mom it 's dangerous . if you boy need gas , I would have give it to you . SAM oh . thank you . her scolding eye . PAT ... sincerely . hockey mom next time , you ask . SAM yes mar ’am . Pat nod earnestly . hockey mom you break down ? I can give you a ride . PAT we will be fine . hockey mom alright . be safe , now ... and you go with Christ . the suv cruise off . Sam glance to Pat , who make the sign of the cross and resume pedale . Sam sign the cross with he right hand - but grab it with he left , pantomime a epic hand fight . SAM oh no . oh dear ! ( death - metal ghoulish ) yeeaaarghhhh ! 10 11 12 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 6 Sam 's leave hand win out and thrust into the air : he pinky and index finger protrude from a ball fist : the mano cornuto : the horned hand of satan ! cue majestic metal anthem . ext . corn field - highway shoulder - day 9 sweeping above corn stalk as SAM , TIGER and PAT push the van from sunken soil and chase it onto the highway shoulder . int . conversion van ( moving ) - highway - day 10 wind whip through the van . music blare , wild hair . ext . the oregon coast - dusk ( aerial ) 11 the van cruise along coastal highway . ext . beach town - magic hour 12 on a cell phone touch screen : ' corner of 12th & ocean_ ' . a thumb tap the rest of the text message : ' I have a mohowk ! ' ' send 's . the thumb hastily re - type : ' mohawk_ 's ' send '. tilt up to reveal the conversion van growl up to the corner . tad ( 19 ) , in homemade rag sport a liberty - spike Mohawk , meet the passenger window as Sam turn the music down . tad Sam ? SAM tad . tad awesome . hey , I work night - but I will catch up with you guy for breakfast . tad hand over house keys on a chain , tie on a apron . 13 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 7 SAM okay ... tad I be in 2r , up the stair , just crash wherever . Park in the side lot - rear door tight to the wall so no one steal you shit . SAM ( look to reece , at wheel ) yeah ? reece raise he eyebrow and the van lurch forward . int . tad' studio apartment - night 13 a cramped refuge scattered with art supplies , zine , and rock paraphernalia . reece steal a workout , chair -dip in the live area . Sam sort through packet of ramen noodle on the kitchenette counter . SAM this all have mushroom . Tiger inspect a bookshelf collection of vinyl lps . TIGER this dude 's legit . Pat examine a cluster of frame cat photo on a dresser . reece why ? ( finish he dip ) he get up early to do he hair ? Tiger defensively brushes he hair back and un-sleeve a lp . TIGER he 's true . Sam pull a sixer from the fridge , toss one to reece , who 's unplugge the charge phone . SAM who you call ? reece that you business ? 14 15 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) SAM I get the bill . reece back down , crack he beer . PAT I be go to bed . SAM ( crack a beer ) we be go to drink . Tiger seat the lp on a turntable , set the needle down , and just as the lp crackle to life with a signature count off from lee ving - lee ving ( on album ) «-.1234 1234 ! we CUT to : int . tad 's apartment - the next morning 14 close - up : the needle bob at the edge of the spinning lp . soft in the background , Pat stand up out of frame , zombie - walk to the turntable and power it down . we track behind PAT as he grab half - empty Beer can and pour they into the kitchenette sink . we push into he p.o.v. through the window : tad climb the step two at a time carry grocery bag . we float behind PAT as he open the door for tad. tad Morning ! ( bite lip ) you the first to fall asleep ? int . tad 's apartment - bathroom - morning 15 Pat be hunch over the sink . he rise , inspect he face in the mirror , scrubbing it with a moldy bar of soap . on PAT 's face , crudely pen in sharpie : a big , stupid monocle around he eye and cat whisker on he cheek . 16 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 9 int . tad 's apartment - live room - morning 16 a compact digital recorder blink red on a coffee table . the Band sit huddle on a couch , plate of scramble egg on they lap . tad sit opposite , cross-legged on the floor . tad ..- work on anything new ? SAM a few song . maybe enough for a seven-inch . tad sweet ! will you actually press one ? reece if we can afford it . tad I dig the analogue style . which bring I to the fact : you guy be hard to find . why no social media presence ? Pat contain a wince . Sam turn to face Tiger . reece because book more show and sell more record would blow . TIGER it 's not hard - rock . SAM say the one who get smashed and play darby crash at the show I book on my phone ... Tiger look to he plate , eat some egg . PAT no one want to starve , but if you take it all virtual , you lose ... the texture . tad what do you mean , texture ? PAT just - you gotta be there . the music be for effect . it 's time and aggression and ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 10 reece technical wizardry . PAT -..t 's share - live . and then it go away . the energy - it can not last . SAM unless you be iggy pop . PAT and good for he . I just do not think I 'il be in my 70 's still listen to minor threat . reece Tiger will . right ? TIGER I will not live to be seventy . reece and Sam blurt out mock laugh , Pat drift . tad okay , so this be a good segue into one of my tradition . for each of you , name you ' desert island 's band . reece roll he eye . TIGER only one ? reece if I be to say Black sabbath , would I get ozzy and dio ? tad no caveat - just name the band . Sam , reece , Pat and Tiger size each other up ... TIGER misfit . no , the damned . misfit . SAM poison idea . PAT ( under breath ) shit man ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 11 reece cro-Mag . Pat , shaking he head , stress out . reece ( cont 'd ) just say something , dude . TIGER steely dan. SAM candlebox . reece he 's a juggalo . PAT ah , man . ( rub face ) will this be edit ? tad I will chop it up a bit . TIGER let it go raw . SAM when will this air ? should not we plug the show ? tad ( throw ) yeah ... he turn off the recorder . tad ( cont 'd ) my last show at the muni center do not end well . lot of vomit . some fecal matter . Tiger smile . tad ( cont 'd ) County commissioner get wind and pull my permit . you be already en route . reece damn dude . we need a kill fee . 17 18 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 12 SAM we go 90 mile out of we way . tad I have get a backup line - up . lunch , 50 % cut on the door , and you guy would headline . SAM anyone else still on the bill ? tad they bail . deadpan from the Band as guitar feedback build ... int . mexican restaurant - day 17 a waterside mexican cafe . no frill except strung -up christmas light . the band blast out a charge , rapid - FIRE punk song . Sam tease feedback from a amp with he les paul . Pat on bass , eye train on the floor . behind a drum kit , reece strike with precision . TIGER scream into a mic . on the ethnically diverse crowd : less than a dozen . most of they sit down . some eat mexican from paper plate . take-out customer plugging they ear as they be rung - up . a diehard , slamdance with himself . two back - pack kide nodd head . a fan , archive the performance with a iphone . the Band screech to a halt with heaving chest . TIGER ( exasperate , to the fan ) turn that shit off ... ext . mexican restaurant - waterside lot - magic hour 18 Tiger roll case to Pat . Pat lift they into the van . reece shove they into place . tad hold two bag of mexican take - out , watch Sam count a meager stack of crumpled bill . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 13 tad I give you my cut . the house get theirs , but I di - SAM ( finish the count ) Split four way it 's six dollar each . tad six eighty - seven . eighty -eight if you round up . which I do not - reece ( charge ) you dipshit fashion - punk clown motherfucker ... reece slam tad against a wall , the take - out drop . SAM Christ . TIGER easy there , jujitsu . reece press he forearm heavy against tad 's neck , resisting the urge to inflict real damage . PAT ( to reece ) let 's not go to jail too . ( to tad ) I think you just end this tour . TIGER fuck yes . let 's call it . SAM make a beeline to d.c .? we have get enough for one tank - it have be siphon the rest of the way . reece ( release tad ) not a problem . ( snatching the take - out ) we have get rice and bean ! PAT we can head up north and catch 80 all the way . reece , Tiger and Sam head for the van . 19 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 14 tad lemme call my cousin . I can get you a solid gig . reece mount the van , slam the door . the rest stick around . SAM where ? here ? tad scene 's dead . you would have to dip down closer to Portland . int . / ext . conversion van - tad 's apartment - night 19 Tiger sit shotgun , Sam behind the wheel . TIGER I say we just gank he vinyl . Pat and reece sit eyeball each other in the back of the idling van . Sam 's phone chime as tad jog up to the window . tad it 's set . matinee tomorrow , Doors at one , you be on at three . I texted the addy . SAM how much ? tad $ 350 , minus you tab . the band play it down , but this be a windfall . tad ( cont 'd ) and just so you know , it 's mostly boot and brace down there . TIGER skin ? there 's some at every show . PAT sharp ? dms ? sabre ? tad right wing - or , technically ultra leave - but not affiliate . ( more ) pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 15 tad ( cont 'd ) dude who own the venue do not rely on door money - sell more than just booze ... PAT but you cousin be cool ? tad yeah - do not talk politics , but stick with Daniel . I have tag along but he and he girl be come here to crash . gotta vacuum and shit . SAM but no one 's burn cross or anything - we just play rock ? tad I would play you earlier stuff . heavier stuff . TIGER ( refine accent ) this gentleman like to mosh . tad Girls too . it 's sorta the only scene in town . here ... tad hand Tiger a black and white flyer . tad ( cont 'd ) I usually keep the original , but since this one never happen ... Tiger tuck the flyer away . tad ( cont 'd ) can I still run that interview ...? SAM yeah - what station be it on ? tad fm eighty - five- five - '' Breakfast of champion '' . thanks . Tiger dial in the station , Sam put the van in gear and Pat smack reece 's arm as they pull out . reece .-- sorry I almost obliterate you ! 20 21 22 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 16 tad ( 0.s. ) not a problemmmmnn ... int . conversion van ( moving ) - route 26 east - night 20 pitch black . the whir of the road . a flashlight beam pop on , scan across hand drawn image : horn skull , fleshy tendril and a liquid font of zombie vomit : ' $ 5 matinee ! missionary position , ai not rights , ntof Sat lpm seaside Municipal Center 's TIGER at least dude can draw . Tiger hand tad 's flyer and the flashlight back to Pat . they be all eat rice and bean with plastic fork . Pat inspect the flyer and offer it to reece . PAT pretty sweet . reece look up from the flyer , the glow from the flashlight up - lighting he face , and give Pat a soul - penetrate stare . reece there 's something I never tell you . anyone , for that matter ... PAT what 's that ? holding the stare , reece rip a fart . the Van erupt into laughter as reece toss the flyer and Pat pounce . ext . turn off - morning 21 the van pass a apple orchard and turn down a two - lane road border by dense inland foliage . int . conversion van - morning 22 cu : on sam' phone : mapping Software track they position . nothing else around . 23 24 25 26 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 17 ext . two lane road - day ( aerial ) 23 from above , tracking the van as it 's swallow by wood . ext . residence - day 24 from behind a close entry gate , with a sign face the road . the van whip by ... int . conversion van - day 25 through the windshield : the narrow road open into a cul - de - sac of dirt and trample grass . on the far end lie the venue , a convert public utility building of brick and sandstone with a cheap-side addition extend from the rear . the lot be cluttere with 4x4 , weathered sedan and tricked - out hatchbacks . ROCKERS and skinhead trickle into the venue . ext . the venue - lot - day 26 the van roll up and the Band dismount , gulp fresh air as they be greet by daniel ( 27 ) , bomber jacket , boot and grow - in buzz cut , break from a group of tailgater admire a pale gold ' 65 pontiac ragtop at the lot 's edge . daniel you guy tad 's friend ? SAM we - he send we . cousin Dan ? daniel ( shaking hand ) Daniel . you guy look hammer . gabe ( 30 ) , crew cut and a general disdain , approach cradling a clip board . SAM one night at tad 's will do it . and if you girl be crash t- Daniel grab Sam and press they forehead together . daniel ( quiet , through a smile ) do not mention that . 27 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 18 SAM I be - daniel no worry whatsoever . just shut the fuck up about he and I and she . Daniel release shake Sam with a friendly pat . gabe ( arrive ) who 's the drummer ? reece me. gabe just bring you cymbal - you be use the house kit . reece okay . Tiger motion to a church - style sign out front : in encase changeable letter : ' 1 pm door : cowcatcher , kokytus , aren't rights 's before Tiger speak up , Pat call he off with a look . int . the venue - backstage - day 27 hard rock over the PA . moving down a dark narrow hallway : lug gear , the Band follow gabe through a backstage corridor . gabe round a corner and gesture to big justin ( 26 ) , a tattooe heavyweight who dutifully step aside for the procession . gabe stop at a graffiti-cover door . gabe ( over music ) stage in here . keep the hallway clear - owner doesn ’t fuck around with FIRE code . SOUND check in fifteen , you 're on in twenty . SAM got it . 28 29 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 19 int . GREEN room - day 28 muffled rock . a fluorescent - light interior with carpet remnant , a ratty couch , a bare - bulb Formica makeup counter , and a coffin-size bathroom with curtain for a door . two - decade of history tell in band sticker and sharpie scrawl . Sam yank electric hair clipper from the counter - top outlet and plug in he cell phone charge . chirp . PAT you okay ? SAM yeah . be this guy not creep ? Tiger and Pat strap on guitar , scan the graffiti scrawl . Tiger find a swastika , look to Pat . reece ( stack case ) run a tight ship . TIGER but it 's a u-boat ... PAT hey ya will . I get a dumb idea . int . the venue - stage - day 29 Sun pour through the high casement window , side - lighting the gather crowd . lot of shave head and bomber jacket . stagehand where have you say the power suppl - sam' crunching guitar interrupt . sound check fiddle - faddle as the PA music fade out . stage manager it 's like a mini-transformer , with three female - like a xlr , but not - Pat play a familiar bass riff . stagehand got it . more guitar crunch . then a low , rhythmic tom drum MARCH . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 20 TIGER ( into mic ) test . one - two . meow . more guitar on mine , please . his monitor turn up , then a look to reece . reece nod back . the drum MARCH build . TIGER ( cont 'd ) ( into mic ) thank you . tuning guitar , Sam and Pat lean in for a off-mic aside . PAT we're not , be we ? SAM you idea . you back out now , I tell they you 're jewish . ( to Tiger ) go! TIGER ( into mic ) okay , everybody ! we be the ai not rights . or the be not rights . either one-two-three-four ! !! the band grind straight into a classic dead kennedy song : TIGER ( cont 'd ) ( sing into mic ) punk be not no religious cult punk mean thinkin’ for yourself you be not hardcore ' cuz you spike you hair , when a jock still life inside you head ... the crowd barely sway , that who know the song give cold stare ... TIGER ( cont ’d ) Nazi punk , Nazi punk Nazi punk - fuck off ! Nazi punk , Nazi punk Nazi punk - fuck off ! now some boos and middle finger . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 21 TIGER ( cont ’d ) if you have come to fight , get outta here , you be not no better than the bouncer , we be not try to be police when you ape the cop it be not anarchy .. carve through the crowd , a tower skinhead , werm ( 28 ) appear lead a pack of four : two guy , wear jacket with white stencile ' cowcatcher 's logo , and two girl . TIGER ( cont ’d ) Nazi punk , Nazi punk Nazi punk - fuck off ! Nazi punk , Nazi punk Nazi punk - fuck off ! make he way across the half - stunne pit , werm glance up at the stage , amused . behind he , emily ( 20 ) , with a chelsea hairdo , cross path with Daniel , who discreetly pass she a fold napkin and disappear into the crowd . her eye meet Pat 's and he be strike . she flip he off . amber ( 20 ) , light a cigarette , steering she back on course . TIGER ( cont ’d ) ten guy jump one , what a man you fight each other , the police state win stab you back when you trash we hall trash a bank if you have get real ball a bottle smashes on stage , Sam and Pat share nervous smile . Tiger flub some lyric , reece drum too fast to notice . TIGER ( cont ’d ) you still think swastikas look cool the real Nazis run you school they be coaches , businessman and cop in a real fourth reich you will be the first to go ... Pat search for the Emily , but werm 's pack be go . he find Daniel , arm cross at the exit , watch he . Pat join Sam off - mic for the chorus : TIGER / SAM / PAT nazi punk , nazi punk nazi punk - fuck off ! ( more ) 30 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 22 TIGER / SAM / PAT ( cont 'd ) nazi punk , nazi punk nazi punk - fuck off ! the rowdy crowd shout back . another bottle fly on stage . TIGER you will be the first to go you will be the first to go you will be the first to go unless you think ! and they grind to a halt , sweat drench , tension in the air . TIGER ( cont 'd ) ( into mic ) thank you . that be a cover . ( off mic to the Band ) whaddya wanna do next ? reece pound a brooding drum beat . the Band trade look , shrugging acceptance . Sam and Pat tune down they guitar , and the tone go evil ... TIGER ( cont 'd ) here 's a treat ... they plunge into coronary - a foot - stomping , hardcore assault . the breakdown hit and the crowd erupt : live SOUND be consumed by a sublime , quiet drone : and we go slow-mo ... thrashing body . hard - lit sweat . silent scream . the band on stage , electrified . TIGER . SAM . PAT . reece . perfect sync . the pit on FIRE ... int . the venue - backstage - day 30 pushing down the hallway , the drone fade ... ... into eighties thrash metal blast over the PA . end slo-mo . gabe hand Big Justin a wad of bill by the green room entrance and jog down a adjacent hallway carry a grocery bag , its plastic content rattling within . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 23 the Band round the corner , sidestepping there own stenciled gear , now neatly stack along the hallway . SAM ( over music ) what happened to ' FIRE code ’? big justin ( count bill ) sorry , have to make room for the headliner . TIGER cowcatcher ? big justin ( hand over bill ) yup . gotta clear out . Sam take the cash and look to reece , who thumb - up a equipment inventory . reece tight ship . big justin follow I . Big Justin grab a case and lead they away . Tiger , reece , Sam and Pat grab case , roll out in unison . Sam stop and pat he pocket . SAM shit. my phone ... PAT what ? SAM my phone . i’ll catch up . Sam try to squeeze by but Pat hold up a hand . PAT I got you . Pat whip around and head back . SAM thanks . 31 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07 / 14 ) 24 Big Justin turn to roll he case over a floor seam and spot Pat move toward the green room . big justin hey ! stop ! hear only thrash metal , Pat casually turn the knob , knocking as he push the door open into the room . Big Justin barrel towards he , encumber by gear ... big justin ( cont ’d ) mother fuck . int . GREEN room - day 31 Pat go straight for Sam 's phone . PAT ( yanking the charge ) pardon I , ya all four people and not a word . all eye on Pat . and there she be ... bent awkwardly on the couch be Emily , a buck knife driven deep into her skull . very little blood . PAT ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . werm look up , flushed but relaxed . amber stand horror-struck in the corner . amber call the police . werm shrug indifferent . guitarist fuck that . Big Justin burst into the room . big justin I told you ... ( big breath ) .-.to follow . Pat dry swallow . then bolt to the door with the phone . 32 33 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 25 Big Justin grab a fistful of hoodie , ripping it off as Pat scramble past ... int . the venue - backstage - day - continuous 32 Pat leap across the threshold with a stretch t-shirt , dialing and flail , the charge dangle from the phone . PAT the Band catch on as Big Justin emerge , eye bulg . avoid they strewn gear , Pat re-direct down the adjacent hall , the Band right behind . int . the venue - back hallway - continuous 33 PAT ( into cell ) yes , it be ... gabe appear at the far end of the hallway with the drummer . PAT ( cont 'd ) ( into cell ) I don ’t - a rock club ... they sprint to intercept . PAT ( cont 'd ) there's be a stabbing , sh - gabe smack the phone from Pat and the drummer follow through with a brute - force shove . gabe dive for the cell : on the phone : ' 911 : 00:14...00:15 ...’ gabe end the call and pop up . gabe GOD dammit . Big Justin bring up the rear , the Band catch mid-hallway . big justin they di - gabe point to he ear . 34 35 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 26 big justin ( cont ’d ) they didn ’t lock the door - gabe no . don ’t talk . and don ’t touch they . ( to Band ) stay put . gabe speak into the drummer 's ear . the drummer nod . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( to Band ) i'll be right back . don ’t worry . the drummer back off and lean against the wall . Big Justin stand opposite , the guitarist visible over he shoulder in the green room doorway , amber within , she plead eye . SAM ( to Pat ) what the fuck happened ? gabe ( turn back ) gimme a minute and save the talk . the Band processing adrenaline . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( to Sam ) something terrible . Pat nod compliance . gabe disappear with the phone around a corner . ext . the venue - around back - office trailer - day 34 on a wide : the back door open and shut , briefly pollute the quiet air with thrash metal . gabe walk several yard to a office trailer . he disappear for several second , re-emerge with a awkward stride ... int . the venue - back hallway - day - moment later 35 on the band : simmer , share look , metal still blaring . breathe regulate ... -.- until gabe return with a ruger .454 super -redhawk revolver by he side . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 27 PAT wait . what ! ? SAM fuck I . reece what be go on ? gabe don't worry . ( gesture with gun ) just get back inside . Sam 's cell ring , glow in gabe 's other hand . gabe ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! 36 int . GREEN room - day 36 everyone shuffles inside , amp - up and bewilder . gabe turn the PA down ! he close the door , Sam 's phone still ringing . the drummer reach inside a counter cabinet and slide the fader on a two - channel mixing board wire to a ' 90 stereo . big justin they do not lock it . Tiger see the body , the knife , gesture to reece and Sam . guitarist you be right there ! big justin until I wasn ' t- gabe ( hand up ) quiet ! the thrash metal zeroe out , the guitarist whip to gabe . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( cordial , into phone ) hello ? yes , but we get cut off , it 's a bit - yes , mar ’am ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 28 gabe back out the door ... gabe ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) we call to report a stabbing ... the door shut . behind it , gabe 's muffled word . everyone eavesdropp until gabe pop back through the door . big justin you call darcy ? gabe he 's on he way . ( gesture to the corpse ) know about that ... ( gesture to the band ) not this ... reece you can not keep we here . gabe we be not keep you . you be just stay . ( nodd to Big Justin ) you be up . gabe hand Big Justin the gun . TIGER the fuck be that suppose to mean ? gabe ( exite ) relax . cop be on the way . slam . Big Justin lock the dead bolt , glare at the guitarist . big justin see how easy th- ? the victim 's friend pounce on werm , she vicious strike unanswer until the guitarist pull she off and throws her against the wall . guitarist chill the fuck out , amber . Big Justin take position by the door , point the gun . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 29 big justin yes please ... 37 int . the venue - office trailer - day 37 gabe step in , clark ( 40s ) , a grizzle scarecrow , rise from behind the desk of this date but tidy office . cubby hole and shelf of white - power / nazi merchandise line the wall . clark darcy here ? gabe not yet . I need six hundred cash . clark ( open a cash BOX ) you just sign out three fifty - gabe someone 's dead . clark still gotta keep the book . 38 ext . the venue - office trailer - day 38 Clark lock the office door , gabe power - walk ahead . clark ( catch up ) what do you need ? gabe a true believer . clark ..- how ' bout two ? 39 int . GREEN room - day 39 SAM maybe she 's not dead . the guitarist blurt a laugh . amber shoot he dagger . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( calming hand ) just say . there 's no blood . who 's to say we - 40 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 30 werm grip the buck knife and tug , jerk the body off the couch and onto the floor . he re-grip , put a boot next to the wound and yank the knife from the skull with two hand . blood pour . werm there it be ! amber my god . Tiger 's eye dart around the room . Pat close he . big justin C ’mon , man ! what be you do ? the guitarist grab a wear towel from the makeup counter and drape it over the victim 's face . reece ( to Sam ) the time to go be now . werm see that ... on the draped towel : blood bloom from underneath . TIGER ( inching to the door ) we do not see shit . we be so drunk ... big justin ( aim gun ) just wait . cop be on the way . ext . the venue - around the side - late afternoon 40 approaching siren . gabe grip two skinhead twins ( 20 ) by they neck , huddle in silhouette against the low sun . Clark stand face the road . gabe you good ? twin # 1 nod . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 31 gabe ( cont 'd ) good ? twin # 2 nod . gabe ( cont 'd ) above and beyond , gentleman . need I to do it ? twin # 1 nope , we get this . twin # 2 wo not even be the first time . gabe hurry . gabe hand something off and break from the huddle . the twin tighten into a thai-clinch . twin # 1 go . mhmmmmmmmmm . . . and twin # 2 jab twin # 1 in the rib . thfft . twin # 1 ( cont 'd ) ( clench tooth ) yup. mhmmmmmmmmm .. . thfft . another jab , and a pain exhale . flashing light through the tree . clark ( turn ) okay that 's it ! Clark walk coolly back towards the venue . twin # 2 hand gabe a fluid-slick compact tactical knife . gabe ( wave it off ) let they see it . twin # 1 raise he shirt to present the wound : two sliver of puncture yellow tissue , one seeping blood . gabe ( cont 'd ) the knife . it 's a inch too short for felony possession , so do not worry - actually , gimme back the money . 4l pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 32 twin # 2 what ? gabe voucher and shit - we will hold it for you ... the twin dig in they pocket and hand over the bill . gabe ( cont 'd ) if you do any time , we double it . twin # 2 ( hand over house keys ) make sure someone water my hibiscus ... gabe stuff the money in he pocket , turn back to Clark , who step from the venue doorway , wave various skin and ROCKERS outside . clark ( lighting cigarette ) check out that joker . on a wide , from far back : two police cruiser and a ambulance kick dust into the lot , kill they siren . stepping forward from the gather crowd , twin # 1 offer a disarming wave , twin # 2 toss the knife on the ground . two police officer emerge from the cruiser as a sprinter truck enter the lot and pull up beside the Band 's conversion van . in custom paint : ' banker 's HEATING and ventilation '. darcy ( 5as ) , step from the truck , utterly unthreaten , with tuck - in plaid and dad-slack . darcy wave off the crowd and greet a officer , he charisma cut through the air . int . GREEN room - late afternoon 4l Big Justin lean against the door , gun by he waist . Pat , Sam , Tiger and reece : stand in silence . amber watch the drummer tap drumstick on he lap . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 33 werm sit on the floor , elbow on knee . knock -knock-knock . Big Justin twist , unlock and open the door for gabe . gabe cowcatcher . clear out . gabe snag a bag and a set - list from the counter . werm take he time get up . PAT where be the cop ? gabe ( to guitarist ) get you stuff . the drummer toss he stick in the trash on the way out , the guitarist grab he guitar and follow . TIGER what about we ? big justin gabe . c’mon . gabe lean in , whispering to Big Justin . reece make eye contact with Sam and Pat , shake he head . amber what be you do ? gabe sort this out . hang tight . werm hang mid exit , turn to Sam and Pat . werm you set be good . SAM what ? werm what be the second to last song ? SAM uh , toxic evolution ..? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 34 werm it 's fuck hard , man . that 's the one I do she to . gabe usher werm out and shut the door behind they . Big Justin breathes deep , lock the deadbolt and take position by the door . reece so ... he 's get six bullet . big justin for real ? reece if we all go at once ... TIGER Christ , hold off a second . reece for what ?! SAM we have not do anything . amber do not matter . big justin they be call cartridge . ( showcase the revolver ) the bullet be the part that enter you brain if you keep talk shit . and this one hold five cartridge , not six . because they be big as fuck and only five fit the cylinder . so please shut the fuck up and do not test I . TIGER ( to reece ) you be make it worse . reece shoot Tiger a look . big justin we sit . we wait . amber and we die . 42 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 35 big justin not if you sit and you wait . int . / ext . conversion van / venue - lot - late afternoon 42 darcy watch Clark slip on glove and search the cabin of the Band 's van . gabe shadow they , clicking Sam 's cell phone . gabe ...d just the one to 911 at 3:45 . then mine be at 3:47 . pm . darcy you call ? gabe they - 911 call back and I answer . darcy be clear . who else know besides - you say Daniel 's cousin ? gabe tad - text from he last night with we address , but he do not know anything . darcy turn to gabe as Clark pop the glove compartment and remove the flashlight . darcy except who they be , where they be and maybe where they be suppose to be next . check email ? clark they play they set . for the crowd . darcy we will assume the wide world know . and they will be tracking that . darcy gesture to sam' phone . gabe toss it to Clark , who wipe it clean and shut it in the glove compartment . gabe I just want to buy some time , contain it until you - darcy contain ? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 36 gabe it be pretty rapid fire ... darcy I appreciate you initiative , and we all love werm ... gabe he 's a brother . darcy then you could have visit he in prison . make all the difference . gabe , shake . darcy ( cont 'd ) now we be all in the stew . Clark click the flashlight on , climb into the cargo hold . darcy ( cont 'd ) for a impulsive act . a selfish act . ( move within inch ) under my roof . darcy close the driver 's side door and walk to the rear . tracking inside the shadow van , flashlight sweeping , the beam landing on the duffel bag . darcy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( muffle , outside van ) do you see a way out of this ? the pair reveal again as darcy open the rear door . gabe for they ? no . darcy we still need to think of one . Clark remove the content of the duffel , training the flashlight beam_on the siphon kit and gas can . darcy uncap the can , inhale the fume . darcy ( cont 'd ) okay . this be good . feedback from the venue . all three man look back . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 37 darcy ( cont 'd ) no gun . Clark , you get a ' no trespasp 's sign post at the residence ? clark get ' beware of dog '. darcy that 's better . 43 int . GREEN room - late afternoon 43 muffled , through the door : live grind core music erupt . it take a beat for it to register . reece curl a lip at Big Justin , who can not TIGER ( inspect the wall ) do anyone know we be in here ? SAM no one who care . tad ? PAT I think we go . reece ( roll shoulder , stretch neck ) I think we go . big justin ( cock the hammer ) the next person t- knock knock . gabe ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through door ) everyone okay ? eye gravitate to the corpse and back . big justin just about . gabe ? gabe ( 0.s. ) yeah . OPEN up . Big Justin back towards the door . find word . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 38 amber reece no. stop ! PAT where be the cop ? big justin want I to open the door or shoot you in the face ? reece stalk closer . amber and Pat too . big justin ( cont ’d ) back the fuck off . gabe ( 0.s. ) what' happening ? big justin ' try to rush I . gabe ( 0.s. ) do not shoot . big justin that 's on they . PAT where be the cop ? a muddle cacophony of plea and threat .. gabe ( 0.s. ) give they the gun . everyone stop . big justin say again ? gabe ( 0.s. ) it 's over . give they the gun . big justin fuck no . they be jus - gabe ( 0.s. ) then take the bullet out . hand it over . now . do not shoot they ! Big Justin lower the revolver . big justin be darcy here ? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 39 gabe ( 0.s. ) he be . a throat clear on the other side of the door . darcy ( 0.s. ) ( muffle , through door ) I am . gentlemen , I ’m the owner . big justin ( mutter ) .-- do not you just say ... Big Justin remove the .454 cartridge from the cylinder . darcy ( 0.s. ) truly sorry about this . i’m playing catch - up here myself . amber ( be : the live music ) they be play a fuck show . PAT thank you . but we OPEN the door for a cop . or we keep the bullet . cartridge . Big Justin hand the revolver to Sam . darcy ( 0.s. ) i've got no problem with that . Big Justin pocket the cartridge . reece sidestep towards the door . big justin they 've got the gun now . open up ... reece stop . TIGER let he open the door . he give over the gun - big justin no one 's ' let 's I do anything . darcy ( 0.s. ) how 're we do ? reece look to amber , she shake she head . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 40 SAM he 's right . TIGER ( anxiously rub face ) who ? me? SAM Pat . do the math - where be the police ? darcy ( 0.s . ) take a while out here . just want to make sure no one else get hurt in the meantime ... Big Justin turn to the door , reach ... big justin you get the damn g- aahhhhh ! TIGER charge big justin , eye aflame . Big Justin slide the dead bolt latch half OPEN . reece lunge to slap it close as Big Justin pivot to fend off TIGER 's forearm bite . two thud punch to the temple send TIGER to the floor . reece leap from behind , wrapping up big justin 's wrist and pulling guard with both legs . staggering under the weight of two men , big justin buck and kick , smashing a metal vent in the base of the door loose from its housing . reece get he down ! amber run up and boot - stomp justin 's knee , toppling he and reece to the ground . darcy ( 0.s. ) what 's happening ?! amber put a boot over big justin 's face as reece snake he limb around big justin 's upper torso , secure he in a ' crucifix position 's arm lock . the door handle rattle . lock . Pat grab a side of the couch and look to Sam , fumble with the revolver . amber lift she boot with a grin . 44 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 41 amber ( to Big Justin ) should not have lock the door . she grab the other end of the couch , slide it with Pat to blockade the door . reece get the bullet . amber and Pat rush back over , digging cartridge from Big Justin 's pocket . reece ( cont 'd ) load it . I get he . Big Justin flush with rage , now powerless . darcy how's it go in there ? big justin not goo - Big Justin grunt as reece tighten he grip . PAT it 's fine . we’d just rather wait for the police . darcy ( 0.s. ) justin ? Sam engage the load cylinder aim the revolver at Justin . reece wince from the line of fire , Pat motion for Sam to lower the barrel . PAT he's fine , but he’s gonna wait too . int . the venue - backstage - continuous 44 darcy and gabe press to the door . Clark stand by . darcy understood , gentlemen . hold tight . darcy turn , take a moment . gabe think they know ? 42 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) darcy I think they be smarter than you !!! darcy face - palm gabe and slam he to the wall . clark darcy , man ... gabe get to he foot , ready for more . darcy catch he breath , he lip quivering . darcy I apologize ... we will do it here . stage it up the road . int . GREEN room - late afternoon 45 45 muffled music through the door . Tiger plant he hand to rise , Pat help he to the couch . PAT what be that gonzo shit ? TIGER I do the math . reece so ... reece maintain he joint lock on Big Justin . ( cont 'd ) reece - in a tournament , I snap he arm or he tap out and we get burger . amber snap it . big justin come on ... PAT we have get the gun . let he - SAM wait . I do not feel good with it . ( offer the revolver ) who want it ? TIGER no way ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 43 PAT ( shaking head ) can not shoot . amber I can . SAM not you . amber then fuck keep it . reece just keep it , Sam . i’1l take it when I be up . ( to Big Justin ) when I let go , what be you go to do ? big justin buttfuck everyone in the room . reece calmly lean back , hyper -extend Big Justin 's elbow until a subtle protrusion surface . big justin ( cont ’d ) owowowowow . . . reece you be go to sit crisscross apple sauce . Big Justin nod . reece ( cont 'd ) say it . big justin I be gonna sit crisscross appl ... work he hip and push off , reece have already disengage the joint lock . he roll to he foot . SAM Nice . Sam hand reece the revolver . PAT ( to amber ) be there another way out ? amber shake ' no 's . Tiger scoot a chair from the wall . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 44 TIGER there 's gotta be something . 46 int . the venue - office trailer - late afternoon 46 gabe lean over the desk , scribbling name on a post -it . darcy you feed they yet today ? clark ( slide on a jacket ) do not matter - they be professional . darcy might lose a couple by the morning . maybe a bunch . clark like I say , they be pro . they earn . darcy you 'il be compensate . ( to gabe ) Christ . how many people on that list ? gabe drop the pen and stand . 47 ext . the venue - office trailer - moment later 47 Clark lock the trailer door , hand darcy a master key chain . clark twelve hundred for a prospect . two for a bait dog . no stud . no champ . unless you wanna pay twenty grand a head ... darcy ( a patient stare ) this might cost you you livelihood , Clark . as long as it do not cost I mine , you be cover . 48 int . the venue - back hallway - moment later 48 darcy lead Clark and gabe down the hallway . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 45 darcy there 's go to be cop , so clean out the residence . maybe leave ‘em a roach in the ashtray ... the trio stomp past the green room door , go single file as they pass the band 's gear littering the hallway . darcy ( cont 'd ) ( to gabe ) get Daniel on that door and pull they van around - shit , key ? gabe I guess inside with they . darcy we will need ‘em . clark I have get a ton of shit to do . darcy go on . Clark start down the hall , darcy point to the stack gear . darcy ( cont 'd ) this be a fire hazard . 49 int . the venue - continuous 49 darcy and gabe turn the corner , pass cowcatcher on stage , blasting grindcore to a frenzied crowd . gabe I wouldn't put daniel on the door . darcy fine . plenty to do . they reach the bar , darcy lean to the bartender , already pour he the usual in a shot glass . darcy ( cont ’d ) where' daniel ? bartender stepped out . i’m covering . ( hand under the bar ) everything okay ? darcy leave the poured shot , gabe follow he out . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 46 50 ext . the venue - edge of lot - late afternoon 50 the driver 's door of the conversion van open , gabe climb in , darcy step back . darcy meet I by the utility shed . gabe check under the visor , feel for key in the ignition . a v-8 engine chug and start . confused , gabe look to darcy , who 's tracking the sound . 51 ext . the venue - edge of lot - continuous 51 Daniel fidget in he ' 65 ragtop , the engine idling , suddenly anxious to see darcy and gabe close in . darcy this the new ride ? daniel yeah , just turn it over . think it 's get choke . wrong filter . darcy she 's a beaut . Daniel lock eye with gabe , kill the engine . daniel what 's up ? darcy need some of the squad . Red lace only . daniel tonight ? darcy now. ( to gabe ) that list ... gabe hand over the post -it . darcy ( cont 'd ) this be everyone who know ? gabe yes . include the band . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 47 daniel know what ? darcy ( hand back the Post - it ) manageable . from here on out , not a single name get add ... Daniel climb out of the convertible . darcy ( cont 'd ) ... unless they have get red lace . gabe there 's eighty people in there . darcy ( to Daniel ) you , plus four . Daniel turn , shove he key in he pocket . darcy ( cont 'd ) give gabe you key . Daniel pivot , flustered . darcy ( cont 'd ) in case we gotta play valet . Daniel fold the key up in the sun visor . darcy ( cont 'd ) ( nodd ) we be lose light . 52 int . GREEN room - late afternoon 52 buz light flicker dead as a 4 's fluorescent bulb be twisted from its ceiling ballast . Tiger hand the bulb to Sam , who place it on the counter . SAM watch out , that could be live ... TIGER that 's speaker wire . Tiger yank down a aluminum drop ceiling t- bar . Pat watch , turn to amber . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 48 PAT you do not have a phone , do you ? amber they take it . Pat gesture to the corpse . amber ( cont 'd ) ..- hers too . PAT ( reverently ) I be go to search she , okay ? a flash of protest , then a nod . Pat cross . reece sit on the floor by the couch , revolver in hand , eye on Big Justin . Big Justin sit cross -legge in the corner , eye on Pat . Pat kneel by the body , digging through pocket . he pull out a lighter , set it on the floor . TIGER we could start a fire ? Pat pull out a pack of cigarettes , set it down . SAM that will give we the upper hand . Pat pull out the fold napkin , unfold it . on the napkin , in bleed blue ink : ' fleischwolf 's . SAM ( cont 'd ) get something ? PAT ( show napkin ) ' fleish ... wolf ’? amber eye Big Justin . SAM fleish be flesh , or meat . like a fleish salad . it 's german . with sausage . PAT meat-wolf ? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 49 Sam turn he attention as Tiger plop a dusty ceiling tile in he hand . SAM ( blow breath ) careful ! this could be asbestos ... Tiger shoot back a look as Sam set the tile down . TIGER all concrete . PAT nothing here . he stand over the corpse , look to Big Justin and toss the napkin . PAT ( cont 'd ) empty you pocket . big justin come search I , faggot . amber just shoot he . reece deadpan Big Justin . big justin can I get up ? reece just to you knee . Big Justin rock he way out of the seat position , lumber to he knee . Tiger move into the bathroom , stand on the toilet to inspect the ceiling . Big Justin unsnap he chain wallet , throw it forward . dig in he pocket , throw some keys and bottle cap . PAT turn ‘em out . Big Justin deadpan Pat , dig out a BOX -cutter and throw it forward . SAM good call . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 50 he turn out he last pocket , cupping something in he hand . reece PAT be that ..? Hand it ov - in one fluid motion , Big Justin reveal a flip - style cell phone , open it , snap it in half and toss it forward . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( scramble for the phone ) no ! big justin oops . reece grit he tooth , Pat curse himself . amber you piece of shit . Tiger step from the bathroom . Sam pelt the phone halve at Big Justin , who deflect with a shit-eate grin . TIGER wait , be that -? tick . the room goe pitch black . muffled , through the door : the amplify grindcore disintegrate into solo drum . then stop . hoot and hollers from the crowd . PAT ( 0.s. ) shit . SAM ( 0.s. ) be it the cop ? a raid ? amber ( 0.s. ) be you serious ? reece ( 0.s. ) shhhhhh ... SAM ( 0.s . ) fuck off , ilsa . reece ( 0.s. ) quiet . do not move , Justin . scuffling . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 51 PAT ( 0.s. ) aim at the door . reece ( 0.s. ) nobody move . more scuffle . a cellophane crinkle . TIGER ( 0.s. ) if we all get behi- reece ( 0.s. ) nobody talk ! chik . amber 's face in the warm glow of lighter flame . she light a cigarette . puff . amber careful now ... lighter aflame , she walk to Big Justin , hand he the cigarette . amber ( cont 'd ) smoke this . big justin deal . amber if the cherry do something you do not like , shoot . reece thank you , amber . amber get comfortable . she lean to the wall . reece put forearm to knee , level the gun . Sam nod . Pat too . Tiger sit , cradle he knee . the lighter click off . just the floating cherry in the dark . and a faint cool glow from the opposite corner of the room . Tiger crawl for a closer look ... SAM pretty smart for a Nazi . 53 54 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 52 amber I be not a Nazi . Tiger 's eye hit a stripe of daylight spilling from under the tatter carpet , near the base mould . PAT Nazis be not necessarily stupid ... just evil . TIGER guy ... amber you do not know m- a collective electronic whir as the light flicker back on . Tiger rip up the carpet , expose a section of wood floor board , but the daylight be now invisible . brooding music build . int . the venue - sunset 53 the last ray of SUN filter through the window , some house light still flickering up to temperature . from the crowd , darcy cross the stage and take the mic . darcy ( over PA ) look like we trip we main . we back - up gennie be fire up but we be gonna to have to call ita day , do some troubleshoot . int . the venue - office trailer - sunset 54 on the grocery bag gabe remove from the Green room , now atop Clark 's desk ... something inside buzy , glow . the brooding music surge , carry US through : montage : pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 53 ext . the venue - sunset a 54 daniel lower he glowing phone , scanning the crowd of skin and ROCKERS filing into the lot . he eye two chelsea girl . darcy ( v.o. ) ( over PA ) we will try it again next Sunday . no door charge . Hell , free drink from two to four . ( o.s. ) the crowd cheer . ext . the venue - lot - sunset / magic hour B 54 headlight , brake -light , discarde cigarettes . darcy ( v.o. ) ( over PA ) for that of you attend the racial advocacy workshop on Wednesday , assume it 's on until you hear otherwise . ext . the venue - lot —- magic hour c 54 daniel approach a circle of skin passing a joint , put he hand on a shoulder . daniel who have not smoke yet . Three die -hard skin with boot , brace and bomber jacket kyle , jonathan and alan raise they hand . darcy ( v.o. ) ( over PA ) remember , this be a movement , not a party . alright , stay safe , and godspeed . ext . the venue - lot - magic hour D 54 a haze of glowing dust as the visitor's parking lot empties . save a idling , beat - up sedan with toxic exhaust . werm , the guitarist and the drummer be inside smoking . 55 56 57 58 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 54 int . the venue - office trailer - magic hour 55 gabe you be not worried they 's 11l talk ? darcy shut a security safe , turn to present two stamped bag of heroin . darcy they have get priority . ext . the venue - office trailer - magic hour 56 walk and talk , darcy and gabe head for cowcatcher 's sedan . darcy tell they the party be on we if they hole up for a few day . put this fire out first ... gabe ( read stamp ) ' Grove Street 's ? darcy my dope , nigger stamp - in case one of this meathead get book for possession . ( arrive at sedan ) let 's get y’all somewhere safe ! ext . the venue - around back - magic hour 57 the conversion van be push along quiet dirt . a skin hop in the open door and steer it to a stop . int . GREEN room - evening 58 Sam eye Tiger , crouching with a sharpie , draw a large ' x X 's on the floorboard . SAM treasure ? TIGER daylight . underneath . eye find amber . she shrug ignorance . muffled , through the door : rolling , scuff and thump . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) reece we gear ... knock knock . darcy ( 0.s. ) gentlemen ? PAT yes . darcy ( 0.s. ) we 're loading you out . SAM be the police here ?! darcy ( 0.s. ) they 've come and gone . got a little complicate . SAM we be so fuck . darcy ( 0.s. ) i'm getting hoarse . ( clear throat ) can you hear I at this volume ? SAM PAT yes . yes. darcy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) good . and can we elect a single voice ? Sam yield , Pat inch closer to the door . PAT yes . darcy ( 0.s. ) you be trap . this be not a threat , just a fact . PAT ( to door ) we have the gun . load . also just a fact . darcy ( 0.s . ) we have get plenty more gun on hand , but we want you out , not harme . 55 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 56 Pat shoot a look back at the band . darcy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that firearm you have be not register . I want it out of the picture before the authority arrive . you refuse , and so here we be ... reece ( whisper ) bullshit . Pat look for consensus , there be none . PAT ( to door ) ..- here we be . darcy ( 0.s. ) I do apologize for my associate . they panicked . PAT no shit ! and we be in a r- darcy listen . no one 's try to wipe this clean . whatever you see or do be not now my concern . tell whoever you want whatever you want . all I ask be that you understand you be hold here for you own safety . before you be let go . a crossfire of look , a surge of hope . PAT ( to door ) yes . thank you . to be clear , the police be come back ? darcy ( 0.s . ) they have come and go . PAT ( to door ) that 's what concern we . darcy ( 0.s. ) just need that gun out of the picture ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 57 Pat cross between reece and Big Justin , towards the center of the room . reece ( tipping gun barrel away ) careful . Sam and Tiger join Pat in the center , amber hover close . in a huddle , hushed . PAT what do we do ? TIGER dig through the floor . SAM while they just wait ? they could shoot we anytime . PAT but they have not . how do we even know th - amber they have gun . no question . SAM shhh . we be go to trust you ? reece we have get zero leverage . amber ask for a phone . for the gun . Pat consider , they all do . TIGER what about he ? Big Justin , lay low in reece 's sight . SAM soon as we hand it over he will ... reece I can tie he up . PAT okay ? see what they say ? pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 58 nod from everyone as Pat approach the door . PAT ( cont 'd ) ( to door ) we will hand it over if you give we a cell phone . darcy ( 0.s. ) sorry , no . PAT ( to door ) how about a register firearm ? darcy funny . justin , you alive and well ? Justin wait for approval . reece nod . big justin i'm alive . darcy ( 0.s . ) okay , good . I hope you gentleman can appreciate the situation . thing have go south , no doubt . but know that if you do not hand that gun over , it will not end well . you see , as far as I know , I come to my place of business and there 's a out - of- town band , lock in a room with a unregister firearm - and somebody 's hurt inside . maybe even a hostage too ? PAT ( to door ) c'mon ... Tiger close he eye , amber fume , reece keep the gun on Big Justin , who crack a smile . darcy ( 0.s . ) what be I to do ? be I within my rights to intervene ? should I kick down the door and start shoot ? or would it be safer to remove the gun from the equation ? this be my question . i’1l wait thirty second for a answer ... PAT ( to door ) hold on ... ( more ) pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 59 PAT ( cont 'd ) ( turn to group ) anyone get smart idea ? reece ( smile ) Zero leverage . reece hand the gun to Sam . reece ( cont ’d ) get it ? Sam nod , sidestep and crouch , press the gun to the base of Big Justin 's head . SAM please do not do anything . reece scoot on the ground and snake he limb around Big Justin 's torso , secure a tight arm bar . reece he 's good . SAM be we really do this ? TIGER this be not right . PAT no one 's say it be . we either hand over the gun , or open fire with it . amber I vote for that . Sam get to he foot , cradling the gun . SAM you vote do not count . we be take chance either way . TIGER ( pace wildly ) we be so dead ... Pat intercept Tiger 's orbit , grab he shoulder . PAT at least this way we will find out . all we be do now be buy time . 60 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) amber for they . Pat nod . reece amen . at this point I be just fuck curious .. Tiger breathes , nod . Pat take position by the door . amber scan around the room . PAT ( to door ) okay . we 'il hand it over . but we be keep the ammo . darcy ( 0.s. ) that 's fine . safer for everyone . Sam nod , inspect the revolver ... PAT ( to door ) step back , please . darcy ( 0.s. ) you get it . stand ready by the dead bolt . Pat scoot the couch back , amber eye a break drum stick in a wastebasket , pluck it out . SAM ( fiddling with gun ) where 's the -? PAT ( hold out hand ) here . Sam hand over the ruger , Pat find the cylinder release latch and empty the .454 round into Sam 's cup hand . reece ( to Big Justin ) hold real still ... Tiger and Sam get behind the couch . amber hop over it , take a prone position by the base of the door . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 61 she poke the dislodge vent Big Justin kick - in earlier with the drum stick , pry open a sliver - view into the hallway beyond . through the sliver : amber see darcy 's generic comfort shoe settling back against the far wall . amber angle she head to see more ... PAT here we go . he slide the dead - bolt unlocked . put he foot down in a sturdy stance , blow on he palm , crack the door OPEN . PAT ( cont 'd ) okay . here . darcy ( 0.s. ) May I approach ? PAT no. I be throw it . darcy ( 0.s. ) careful . it be a gift . bite she lip , amber watch through the sliver : darcy 's shoe stay put ... the big -bore snub nose need more clearance , Pat adjust he posture , open the door a bit further ... as the door angle inward , amber 's view widen . she crane she neck , hearing the squeak of stiff leather ... through the sliver : just outside the door ... five payr of combat boot , lace in red , the tip of blade . amber ( whipping to Pat ) they 're killing US . SAM keep the gun ! a hand thrust inside , grab PAT 's wrist . PAT get off ! pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 62 PAT pull the trigger : click - click - click - he arm be yanked out , shoulder pressed to the door frame . TIGER oh no . PAT okay , okay , okay , okay ! through the sliver : the boot swarm , one kick at the vent , sending amber flinching back as her view be cave - in . immediately , rhythmic hacking sound . PAT scream , fight for leverage , press the door against he own arm . big justin buck , catch reece off guard . big justin the fuck off I ... Pat jolt from off screen impact . amber scramble to she foot as Sam rush to the door . PAT gimme my hand ! reece re-locks he arm bar , grit he teeth and yank , snapping big justin be arm at the elbow . big justin ahhhhhhhhh . amber and Sam grab Pat around the waist , heaving . TIGER jab the aluminum ceiling frame through the door . metal on metal impact . they pull Pat inside , he hand nearly hacked - off above the wrist . reece barrel into the door , slamm it shut , twist around and lock the bolt . reece Holy fuck . Pat crumple to the ground , hunch over he wound . PAT oh god . oh no ...oh god ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 63 two pound on the door . darcy ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) this all be over soon , gentlemen . Big Justin stagger to he foot , he snapped arm dangling at he side . big justin ..- fuck crush you ... amber charge Big Justin , he wind - up he good arm ... thwak . clothes - line her to the floor . Tiger sprawl , push the couch back against the door . big justin ( cont ’d ) whore ! he go for the BOX - cutter , reece jump on he back , secure a neck choke . reece get it ! Big Justin stagger , in shock with no air , thumbing at the slide of he box-cutter . the blade extend , big justin blindly slashes at reece . amber goe for the weapon , grabbing big justin' wrist . reece constrict with all he might and justin flush red . amber wrestle the box-cutter away . Tiger sit face Pat , register the severity of he wound : blood , exposed fat , the hand sagging by tendon . PAT okayokayokayokay ... Sam turn to Pat . reece wrap he leg around Big Justin , now twitching helplessly , bite the air . reece tell I when he 's out ! pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 64 SAM ( turn back ) okay ... Tiger unlace he batter Chuck Taylors . Big Justin 's eye go glassy and roll back . SAM ( cont 'd ) he 's out . reece hold several second , loosen he grip . Big Justin sag to the ground . outside the door , muffled music resume over the PA . Tiger pull a stripe tube sock from he foot . TIGER here ... Tiger wrap the tube sock above Pat 's elbow , tighten a knot . Pat grunt / sob tspit . reece tie it so there 's enough - Big Justin jolt rigid and plank out . startle , Tiger whip to see ... braying exhalation push foaming spit through Big Justin 's clench tooth and flap jowl . SAM he 's not out . reece fuck this . reece wrap Big Justin up in a rear-nake choke . Big Justin come to , lock eye with Pat , glaze over . big justin ( whisper ) +.- I too ... SAM ( to Tiger ) we get this ! put pressure on that . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 65 Tiger remove he jacket , wrap it around Pat 's mangle arm . amber , box - cutter in hand , step to reece . amber you get it ? reece yeah . big justin ( whisper ) .-shoulda...locked ...door ... SAM be we do this ? amber crouch , face to face with Big Justin . amber ( whisper back ) Problem be not lock the door . Problem be kill my friend . reece settles in . and squeeze . they watch . his regulate breath . the tear stream down he cheek . until it 's do . SAM how long do it take ? to be sure ? shrug , look . amber run the BOX - cutter up big justin 's belly . reece ( release grip ) Jesus . Tiger wince , look to the door , daze . TIGER we...need ... Pat clutching he wound , blood seeping through the jacket . 59 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 66 SAM you say you see daylight ? TIGER what ? yeah . ext . the venue - around back - night 59 a stencile ' ai not rights 's logo land into frame . Daniel stack branded case in the conversion van . slamming the rear door , he find gabe wait with a milk crate : inside , the blood -spatter .454 ruger . darcy any and all firearm . Clark will handle it from here ... ( to gabe ) he give you a eta ? gabe I tell he no call . darcy right. good . ( be : milk crate ) phone too ... the skin gather , Daniel see the bloody machete . daniel what happen in there ? a .25 cal auto and a .38 snubnose be place in the crate , follow by three cell phone . darcy ( to gabe ) set up Neil for tomorrow . New drywall , pour a floor . say we have a leak . gabe nod . darcy check he watch . daniel what happen ? darcy ( to gabe ) door with a frame too . I have get carpet on hand - ( more ) 60 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 67 darcy ( cont 'd ) ( to Daniel ) bit of a maelstrom tonight . gabe and darcy exchange look . darcy motion the skin close . darcy ( cont 'd ) visit band ... ( gesture to the van ) ..- hurt one of ours . daniel who ? gabe step in , calming ... gabe Emily . darcy maybe Big Justin too . daniel ( fury in he eye ) what the fuck be we do ? let 's - darcy we be not come apart be what we be do . we be save question until this pig-fuck be transfer off site - gabe darcy . off gabe 's nod , darcy step back and look off : through the tree , pickup truck headlight . faintly , the crunch of gravel , rattling , barking . Daniel swallow , intense . darcy last chance if anyone need to take a leak ... int . GREEN room - night 60 pulling out from the locked GREEN room door ... outside , muffled music ... Inside , a ruckus ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 68 they 're tearing the place apart . Tiger , stand over the sharpie ' x’ , pummeling floorboard with a mic stand . amber smashing wall , exposing brick . Sam , stabbing ceiling tile with the aluminum frame , he shirt pull over he nose . reece drape Big Justin 's jacket over he corpse . PAT I lose the gun ... reece you hold on longer than I would have . Pat give a drowsy smile . reece turn to the rest . reece ( cont ’d ) i'm go . Sam , Tiger and amber keep up the demo . reece ( cont 'd ) there 's no air shaft , no sewer sy - — smash . TIGER there we go ... cool light spill up through a cave - in floorboard . amber turn , watch Tiger and Sam peel up carpet . PAT what time be it ? amber that 's not daylight . TIGER it 's something ... reece smashes a chair , yank off a leg , cross ... reece drive the chair leg into the floor , stomp several time , breaking through . Sam and Tiger swoop in , pry away loose board . 61 62 63 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 69 Sam , Tiger and reece gaze down a portal of splintered wood and floating particle . int . underground lab - moment later 61 industrial whir ... Tiger be lower into frame , past a dangling fluorescent fixture , surveying the interior . TIGER oh . reece drop down behind he . then Sam . before they be a near century - old alcove . modern plumbing fixture tapped into the old water MAIN lead to a modernize , insulate room . above : sprinklers and ventilation . below : tarped lab equipment , industiral tub and mixer . reece look for a door . Sam , Tiger and reece spread out , rush down the narrow isle between the equipment . int . GREEN room - night 62 amber , look down the jag hole in the floor . to Pat , huddle against the wall with labor breath . PAT just let I know . amber sit , readying to drop . PAT ( cont 'd ) sorry about you friend . she nod , shove off . int . underground lab - continuous 63 Sam pull a plastic curtain : behind it , tank , climate control unit and supply shelving mount on concrete . a 63 63 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 70 SAM nope . reece rip away insulation , revealing ribbed metal wall . reece container . Tiger part heavy plastic sheet and cross into a 8x20 's chamber housing industrial coffee grinder , scale , and bag of powder . at the far end , a ladder lead to a ceiling hatch . he sprint up it and grab the weld handle . do not budge . TIGER shit ! Tiger drop down , reece climb up , give it a try , pound ... ext . the venue - around back - night a 63 set twenty foot from the back of the venue , a char , disus barbecue pit . faint metallic thump from underneath ... int . underground lab - continuous 63 reece drop down from the latch . SAM there a lock ? reece other side maybe . we be burn time . Sam tilt he gaze to the duct work above . SAM there 's ven- reece be go . Sam and Tiger jog after he ... they push through the sheet , crossing back . SAM ( cont 'd ) there 's ventilation ! reece four inch duct . good luck . 64 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 71 amber stand by the entrance , take in the operation . Tiger pull back the plastic curtain , eyeing a roll of reflective duct tape on the shelf . SAM should not we look around ? reece kneel , offer amber a boost . reece we just do . int . GREEN room - continuous 64 amber pop back up through the floor . on PAT , eager . amber ( get to she foot ) heroin . this be not about she ...us. reece surface , reach back for Sam and Tiger . SAM _ ( pop up ) Big ass bunker . reece Big ass dead end . Pat sink , Tiger knee -slide to he side . TIGER gimme you hand ... Tiger pull the jacket from around PAT 's hand : exposed tendon , losing blood fast . Pat grit he tooth . TIGER ( cont 'd ) look away , dude ... SAM can not we use this to we advantage ? reece we're do ! - ( fight for composure ) I be do . Close the door behind I if you wanna strategize . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 72 Tiger yank a length of duct tape from the roll , wrap the wound ... SAM we be not ready . reece what do you think they be do ? SAM that 's just it , we do not know . Tiger wind the tape roll ' round and ' round , eye welling up . reece we know they mean we harm . SAM it 's just - if they have gun why be not they mow we down ? amber pocket the box-cutter , kneel by Emily 's corpse . PAT ... can not just go miss . they need we find ... amber grab some shit , get ready to run . SAM we will die ... reece pick up the wooden chair leg . reece the longer we wait the surer that be . ready ? Tiger ? amber kiss Emily 's forehead , cover she up . TIGER ( tear stream ) almost ... Tiger wind the tape ... PAT we gotta treat this like paintball . eye on Pat . even amber want to hear this . PAT ( cont 'd ) can not take it so seriously ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 73 SAM say what ? PAT Rick silva . he organize the paint ball for skate - of 's bachelor party ? let I tag along . we be short a few player to book the whole field , so they pair we with this ex - Marines . first two game , they tore we to shred . Zero casualty on they side - I just cower behind tree until I be shot - reece Tiger - you do ? Tiger tear and smooth the duct tape , PAT 's hand and forearm now mummified in a metallic sheen . TIGER okay . reece ( to Pat ) gotta go . sorry . PAT okay . amber fish the box- cutter from she pocket . amber be that a pep talk ? Tiger blow a snot-laugh , wipe he tear . Sam grab the 4 's fluorescent bulb . reece we will not all live , but - I dunno - maybe we will not all die ... Tiger lift the aluminum ceiling frame , offer it to Pat , cradling he wounded arm . PAT ( wave it off ) I be just gonna run . on the door : pulling out as reece , SAM , TIGER , amber and PAT converge ... weapon ready ... pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) SAM fuck it . Simon and garfunkel . head turn , furrow brow . SAM ( cont 'd ) ' Desert island 's band . reece ha. Prince . they look to Pat ... PAT I ... TIGER still the misfit . reece ( with a nod ) true school . amber we go ? nod . pushing in on the door ... the muffled music . reece put a hand on the deadbolt , look back . Battle position . Sam tap the fluorescent bulb to the ground . pop . raise a ' business end 's of jag glass . reece here we go ... amber ( under she breath ) madonna and slayer ... she thumb out the BOX cutter blade ... reece slap the dead - bolt unlocked . TIGER yank OPEN the door . SAM watchit . 74 65 66 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 75 SAM javelin -throws the jagged fluorescent bulb ... int . the venue - backstage - continuous 65 the 4 's bulb spear through the AIR , impact the far wall and explode into shard as they charge though the threshold ... ..- into a empty hallway . TIGER ( hushed ) what the fuck ? PAT ( be : they gear ) they load we out . reece ( to amber ) how many exit ? amber ( point ) the main , the back , maybe the kitchen ? I alwa - TIGER what about window ? amber see for yourself . reece have creep halfway down the hall . they follow ... int . the venue - stage - continuous 66 as they reach the stage stair , the PA music fade down . suddenly , eerily quiet . they crouch and find shadow , scan the interior . just darkness . scuffling footstep . a subtle creak . TIGER should we hide ? 67 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 76 reece whatever you want . reece descend the stair , jog crouch towards the main entrance . Tiger , Sam , amber and Pat follow . SAM we should split up . TIGER totally . no one break from the cluster . as they round the bar , wait in the doorway : clark in silhouette , a break stick in one hand - in the other , a rope lead tethere to brownie , a eighty - pound pit bull . lean , grizzle , panting eagerly . clark fass ! fass ! he clink a collar chain free and the pit bull ( brownie ) bullet towards the crew . they scramble . reece pivot , hop over the bar . leave Tiger expose , freeze ... the pit bull ( brownie ) run TIGER down and goe to work . amber break for the stage , roll onto it . Sam sprint back up the stage stair . Pat hobble after . int . the venue - kitchen - continuous 67 following reece down a corridor of industrial kitchen equipment , towards a exit door . he glide to a stop , try the latch - lock . he sidestep to a adjacent top - hinged window , quietly push it open and slip outside ... through the grease - cake glass as it swing shut : in silhouette , alan charge into frame , whacking reece repeatedly to the ground with a cleaver . 68 69 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 77 ext . the venue - side entrance - continuous 68 alan oh shit ?! gabe pull Alan back . gabe save it . reece slump to the ground with glaze eye , bleeding out as gabe search he pocket . int . the venue - bar - continuous 69 TIGER splayed on the floor , the pit ( brownie ) gnawing at he neck . Clark step up , whapping brownie with he break stick . clark aus ! aus ! brownie release , lap blood , tongue swinging . clark ( cont ’d ) Las es ... voran ! hold on TIGER , he drift eye catch something ... strapped under the bar counter : a sawed -off pump shotgun . on TIGER : just a observer now , calmly near lifelessness . int . the venue - stage - continuous the pit bull ( brownie ) dart toward the stage ... amber launch from behind a speaker stack , sprint across . brownie effortlessly make the four foot leap up the stage . he bridge the distance in second , clamping on amber 's leg . amber ahhhwww ... she crumple to the stage floor , brownie sink he bite and thrashes . 70 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 78 clark ( keep he distance ) fass ! fass ! amber topple a mic stand and start bludgeoning brownie with its weighted base . Little effect . as she thrust and wind up , the attach microphone contact the floor monitor speaker , cause feedback surge . brownie twitches at the sound , anxiously find new foot . between amber 's jab , a hand reach down behind her , snatching the microphone from the stand . it 's PAT , scared shitless . he press the microphone to the monitor . the feedback swell to a ear -splitting frequency . brownie release he grip and circle , making erratic lunge . amber clunk he on the head and he scamper off . amber , spend , look back to Pat , the screeching feedback like music to they ear . tape below the monitor be cowcatcher 's set list . Pat crinkle a brow , peel it up . int . the venue - back hallway - continuous 70 feedback , farther away . Sam unhook a wall - mount FIRE extinguisher . fumble , he snap the plastic seal around the trigger pin . he creep along , settling at the back entrance . he pull the safety pin . crouch , he kick open the door . scuffling . pfffshhhh . SAM triggers the extinguisher , unleashing a jet of propellent and FIRE retardant . kyle ( 0.s. ) fuck ! coughing and gasping as kyle 's machete blade cut through the billowing cloud and clanks against the door . 71 72 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 79 SAM shit ! Sam kick back , drag the extinguisher , crawl to a run . the door slam behind he . a muffled exchange outside . int . the venue - backstage - moment later 71 Pat and amber converge with Sam at the Green room . Sam grip the extinguisher , amber the mic stand . SAM they be everywhere - you see reece ? amber and Pat solemnly shake they head . the feedback persist . int . GREEN room - moment later 72 Sam , amber and Pat drop they gear and shove the couch against the batter door . SAM here we be ... Pat pick the napkin off Emily 's corpse , hand Sam the cowcatcher set list . PAT third one down . SAM ( read set list ) fleish .. wo- fleischwolf ? Pat hold up the napkin : ' fleischwolf 's . they look to amber . amber it 's a song . PAT agreed . amber .».. mean ' meat-grinder 's . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 73 ext . the venue - lot - continuous 80 73 darcy pace , Clark lead the blood - bathed pit ( brownie ) up the tailgate of he truck and into a crate . clark ( patting dog ) so ist brav ... darcy you retire he ? clark he 's work up . darcy send another . send two . finish it . clark kill that feedback first . ( lock crate ) and if I send in two fight dog , whaddya think they 's 1l do ? darcy digest that think , Daniel step up . daniel send I in there . I will finish up . darcy consider . daniel ( cont 'd ) just give I the rule . clark alright . blade only . sloppy be fine , but try not to hit the bone . daniel ( already move ) okay . darcy take Jonathan . Jonathan join Daniel , they clasp hand . jonathan brute squad . daniel ( to Clark ) keep they cage ' till we tag out ? 74 75 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) around the side : gabe round the corner , pull reece 's body 81 by the foot . he spot Daniel and Jonathan head into the venue , machete in hand . darcy ( be : the body ) he breathe ? gabe ( turn ) Little , yeah . darcy let he bleed - later be better with time of death . key ? gabe shake ' no '. int . the venue - MAIN entrance - night ringing , distorted feedback ... 74 tracking behind daniel and jonathan , machete in hand ... move fluidly past the bar , Daniel go straight for the green room , Jonathan hop onto the stage , yank the microphone from the monitor speaker and kill the switch . int . GREEN room - night - continuous the feedback stop . Sam , amber and Pat look to the door . amber they be come . muffled footstep up the hallway ... SAM I can not do this ... pffump . pffump . crack . the door be succumb to boot strike . Sam ready he fire extinguisher , Pat step amber grip the mic stand . 75 back . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 82 pffump . crunch . splintering around the deadbolt . crack ! daniel bust the door OPEN , slide the couch inward . SAM fire he extinguisher , forcing daniel back . the cloud envelop the room . zero visibility . they hear Daniel scuffling he way back inside . PAT get back ! SAM fire another jet of retardant , but Daniel be on he and snatch the extinguisher away . daniel kick SAM to the floor . daniel where' emily ? Daniel waft the air , sweep the ground , pull the jacket off big justin 's gute corpse . amber Daniel ! Jonathan enter , throw off , the cloud settling . jonathan fuck be you do ? PAT he 's the one ... Pat hold up the napkin , look to amber . PAT ( cont 'd ) ..+.- give she this . Daniel pull the blanket off emily corpse . jonathan hey ! Daniel white - knuckle the machete , acknowledge amber . daniel which one do it ? amber werm do it . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 83 daniel bullshit . which one ? Sam cough , cover in fire retardant , disappear down the hole in the floor . Jonathan observe with mount confusion . amber what have they tell you , Daniel ? Daniel , dead -ey . amber ( cont 'd ) you want to know ? ( nodd to Jonathan ) you want he to know ? jonathan know what ? amber put it together . amber werm find out she be leave . she do not say it be with you - during the show . ( turn to Pat ) meatgrinder . the song be they cue . all eye on Daniel . daniel ( turn to Jonathan ) you should go . 76 ext . the venue - lot - continuous 76 darcy pace , Clark lead another pit bull ( jd ) from its cage . darcy they be take too long . darcy walk to gabe , tarping reece 's body next to TIGER 's. darcy ( cont 'd ) you do not want Daniel on door duty . why ? gabe nothing concrete . he ... and Emily . darcy do a about-face ... 77 78 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 84 ext . the venue - edge of lot - night 77 on the visor of daniel 's ' 65 ragtop . darcy flip it down , catch the key . tracking with he as he open the trunk . inside the trunk : pack to the hilt with box , bedding , record , artifact . one side : he . one side : hers . darcy swipe a framed picture from one of the box . the picture : Emily and friend , way back when . darcy Little love bird ... darcy reach to shut the trunk , notice something tuck deep inside , pull it out ... a aluminum baseball bat , wrapped in a clear garbage bag . it 's weathered , spatter with dried , flaking blood . ext . the venue - lot - night 78 darcy approach gabe with the bat , still wrap in the bag . gabe freeze with dread . darcy recognize this ? gabe no sir . darcy course not . you be hand out leaflet when this boy make they bone . ( offer the bat ) it 's from last Easter . and it be suppose to disappear after the boot party ... Jonathan push out the exit , walk briskly with he machete , dust with FIRE retardant . 79 80 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 85 jonathan he just start talk ? amber 's alive , say werm do it - darcy ( to Jonathan ) never mind that . darcy step to gabe ... darcy ( cont 'd ) you ... ... and kiss he forehead . darcy ( cont 'd ) ... werm - just save we all . int . underground lab - night 79 Pat be lower by he good arm from the hole above , he foot hit the floor . PAT Sam ? just the empty lab . PAT ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . amber drop down behind he . then Daniel . PAT ( cont 'd ) I mean , it 's not okay , but he 's with we . we gotta split . Pat continue towards the adjacent shipping container . Daniel take in the operation . amber you do not know either . daniel not where . int . underground lab - shipping container - continuous 80 Pat step in , find Sam size up a industrial fan . 81 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 86 SAM this have a wider duct . I think. ( turn ) reece be full of shit . Sam , swollen puffy eye . PAT we will not fit through there ... SAM sign with battletorn . that 's why he be so press . all he call - lining up a big winter tour ... PAT Daniel can help . SAM why ? who 's he ? daniel ( step in ) a traitor . if they do not already know , they know now . I can get we out . SAM wow , a conspiracy ? daniel no , just a clusterfuck . ext . the venue - lot - night 81 darcy address the crew , Clark pace with he pit ( jd ) . darcy Light have be shed . Daniel and Emily , it appear , have ill intention ... darcy hold up the bat . some murmur from the skin . darcy ( cont 'd ) so it be with renew vigor we will see this through . everything be at stake , and for we all . gabe present the milk crate , the skin retrieve the .25 auto , the .38 snubnose . darcy pick up the .454 ruger . 82 83 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 87 darcy ( cont 'd ) we be still blade and fang for the visitor , but we be get lean on time . if you have to shoot - shoot once . more than once - keep a tight grouping cuz you will be digging the slug out yourself . as for Daniel and be - wait ... gabe uncap a pen , ready to amend he post -it . darcy turn to the bartender , tap he on the chest . darcy ( cont 'd ) ..- what do we forget ? int . the venue - backstage - night 82 Daniel lead amber , Sam and Pat along the hall ... tracking with they , weapon out : Daniel , the machete . amber , the mic stand . Sam , the extinguisher . Pat , the BOX cutter . int . the venue - MAIN entrance - continuous 83 they descend the stair ... daniel there 's a river on two side , the quarry on another . we can parallel the main road back , go for help . amber how do we get past the door ? Daniel veer off , circle behind the bar . daniel I know something you do not ... Daniel set he machete atop the bar , run he hand underneath , toss up a few shotgun shell ... SAM good . what ? Sam watch a shell roll along the bar and clink against darcy untouched shot glass . he downs it . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 88 daniel ... I know where we kee - boom . daniel 's skull come apart in a blast of buckshot , he body buckle and fall . PAT jump , drop the BOX - cutter . SAM , splatter in gore , drop the shot glass . bartender too slow ... the bartender float from the shadow , pump a sawed - off shotgun and sweep it towards amber . she duck , deflect with the mic stand . boom . the wall explode . SAM fire he extinguisher , choking the bartender with powder . PAT grab daniel 's machete from the bar , swing it reflexively into the bartender 's neck and back . the bartender shrug , the gun sagging in he grip . he pristine , powdered neck gape OPEN and belches blood . PAT oh dear ... amber gently take the shotgun , aim it back ... but he 's already slide into he own pool of blood , mouth gurgle word . amber ( to Pat ) thank - crash . the kitchen door slam open . Sam and amber trade grim look as they back away . Pat pocket some shot shell off the bar . a clank . the patter of paw scraping against concrete . amber bear down on the main entrance . clark round the corner with the pit ( jd ) , flinch at the sight of amber 's raise shotgun , yanking the dog back out of sight . 84 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 89 amber ( cont 'd ) ( turn back ) should we go ? now ? clank . muffled yelling from the back hall . SAM we have a gun . I guess ? PAT yes ? SAM yes . amber ( to Pat ) gimme two ! Pat hand over two shot shell , amber load as she walk . Sam and Pat follow in line , gain momentum until they stomp in unison toward the exit ... ext . the venue - MAIN entrance - night 84 amber kick the door OPEN , they spill out ... swip ! fzzzpt ! twang ! met by a hail of bullet that riddle the awning ... pftw ! amber take a hit in the leg , curl up and fire buckshot into the dirt . amber auww ! darcy easy ! darcy , the skin , be just waiting ... SAM step up , yank the shotgun from amber ... darcy ( cont ’d ) not he - don ’t FIRE ! from the flank , clark release he pit ( jd ) with a smack . clark fas ! fas ! fas ! 85 86 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 90 PAT SAM ! come on ! fumbling , SAM pump the action and aim for the dog . boom . jd loose a hunk of flesh but doesn ’t miss a step . he leap onto SAM and topples he , eating he chest by the time they hit the ground . PAT pull amber back through the entrance ... int . the venue - MAIN entrance - night 85 the door swing shut . Pat and amber hobble back up the stage stair . amber we be not get out ... int . GREEN room - night ( continuous ) 86 they push through the batter door and shut it . PAT guess it be always go to end here . amber at least we buy some time . Pat set she on the couch , cross to the bathroom . PAT so I be curious . you be smart ... he turn on the sink faucet and gulp water . PAT ( cont 'd ) I do not see how you fall for this shit ... amber I do not fall for anything . I be rape once and mug twice . let 's just say none of they be white . Pat nod , gulp water . PAT any of they woman ? 87 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 91 amber it 's a problem where I grow up . PAT what about tonight ? [ slurp ] think we gotta white people problem ? amber , lose she mirth . amber fuck you . Pat turn the faucet off . PAT ( kindly ) fuck yourself . he join she on the couch , they sink into the oversize cushion . amber I be the lucky one - they might shoot I . Pat 's eye drift to the makeup counter , the unplugge hair clipper under the wall socket . PAT ... cell phone ruin everything . ext . the venue - lot - night 87 clark pull he frenzied dog off sam' corpse . gabe swoops in , wince at the gore as he pat Sam 's pocket . he pull out a set of keys , dangle they for darcy . darcy Three will do , gentleman . the fourth can disappear . darcy , beam , turn to gabe , nearly come apart . darcy ( cont 'd ) get the clean up start - gear 's in the shed . i’1l need a push broom . gabe nod , head off . darcy address Jonathan . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 92 darcy ( cont 'd ) I get what I need for up the road - but it 's suppose to have happen already . time to sprint . darcy pat Clark 's shoulder . darcy ( cont 'd ) well do . Clark be patting he bloody , injured pit ( jd ) . clark thank he . darcy ...- nearly get away from I . us. 88 int . GREEN room - night 88 Pat and amber , on the couch . insulate , hopeless . PAT should not we be panic ? amber I be ... hungry . Pat regards he ruin , duct -tape arm . PAT ...a week before we tour , my sister and my niece be visit . I get so piss at they ... amber what for ? PAT Left the hummus out . one of they do . they drive back the next afternoon ... amber close she eye . PAT ( cont 'd ) ...- dry up tub of hummus . like it be the end of the world . ( rub face ) I can not die with you . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 93 amber so do not . feel free to - ( almost a smirk ) I want the rest of you pep talk . PAT no longer apply . amber I be curious . paintball ? you be cower ? PAT yeah . Rick silva - I know you do not know he - he 's Spanish . we be get slaughter by this legit Iraq vet - — amber totally apply . PAT - full cammo , thousand dollar automatic paint-gun . they know real war and they play real war . tactic , hand signal , flanking - just wipe we all out . so Rick get feed up and say ' fuck it 's . do not care about get shot . do not take cover . it be hopeless . the last match , the whistle blow and he just tear out there - full jackass , in cut - off and sneaker - and take out they entire team . never stop . just run and shoot and laugh until they be all dead . amber pretend dead . we be up against real gun . PAT either way , we can not play real war . amber 's eye open and drift over the dust - cover carnage . amber let 's pretend . 89 ext . the venue - around back - pre dawn 89 a padlock clink close on the back door latch . 90 91 92 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 94 ext . the venue - side entrance - pre dawn 90 a padlock clink close on the kitchen exit latch . int . the venue - office trailer - pre dawn 91 darcy pull a felt BOX from a open safe . gabe remove the SIM card from Emily 's phone , toss it in the shopping bag , set the bag in the safe . darcy shut the door , spin the dial . darcy for you ... darcy present a cellophane - wrap pack of red boot lace . gabe I do not ... darcy just mop up tonight . you already earn this ... gabe reluctantly take the lace . darcy ( cont 'd ) maybe push the contractor depend on the mess . start look for a new house band - gotta get back to the routine ... gabe think cowcatcher 's gonna talk ? darcy I be more worried about they habit . really gotta stay away from that nigger dope - bad batch do the round ... gabe flush with dread . darcy give he a kind pat . int . conversion van - pre dawn 92 keys turn in the ignition . the engine rumble . Alan stand outside the driver 's door , turn back with a thumb -up . 93 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 95 Jonathan shove the last of three wrapped corpse into the pack cargo hold and shut the door . ext . the venue - lot —- predawn - continuous 93 tracking with Jonathan , turn to keep pace with darcy , walk with purpose and a push broom . gabe straggle behind . jonathan we be set . darcy toss the broom in the back of Clark 's idling truck . darcy this all hinge on nothing have happen here . let 's b- ( suddenly reverent ) Clark nuzzle head with he wounded pit ( jd ) , sit on the tailgate . clark bye , buddy ... he empties a hypodermic syringe into the dog 's neck . he hand its chain lead to Jonathan , who twist it around he wrist . clark ( cont 'd ) he will stroke out within the hour . I will consider it a personal favor if he die with meat in he tooth . Clark hand over the break stick , nod . clark ( cont 'd ) bite command be ' fas 's . it 's all you will need . Clark mount he truck , darcy lean to Jonathan . darcy disregard . the dog slow you down , just shoot who 's leave - they do not need to be account for . forensics be no longer a concern . ( hopping in passenger seat ) we call this in too late , all be for naught . Kyle , jog up , dusting off the shotgun . 94 95 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 96 kyle you guy get any twelve gauge ? darcy ( roll down window ) not in the office . check the bar . clark how many shot leave ? kyle Three . clark so you have get a extra . Alan hop in the truck bed , Clark gun the engine , pull out . int . the venue - MAIN entrance - pre dawn 94 low angle : the door yank OPEN . the foamy - jawed pit ( jd ) lead Jonathan and Kyle through the threshold . they sweep by the bar , observe the swirl of blood and powder around the bartender 's corpse . Kyle check under the bar for shot shell , shake ' no’ , grimace at Daniel 's ( offscreen ) body below . Jonathan jog back to the entrance . jonathan behind the bar - better get start . Jonathan jog off , as gabe wheel a shop vac through the door , wear a backpack power washer . int . the venue - backstage - pre dawn 95 as the pit ( jd ) round the bend , the GREEN room door shut . Kyle and Jonathan follow behind , make they approach ... wrrrhhrrrhh . the entire venue whine with feedback . they recoil from the PA speaker above , the powerful pit ( jd ) buck on he chain . jonathan shit ! 96 a 96 97 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 97 Jonathan be pull on he heel , coming down hard with the break stick . jonathan ( cont ’d ) easy ! easy !... the dog turn and lash at jonathan , snipping and bucking . kyle raise the shotgun ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) no buckshot ! jonathan throws the lead and the dog ( jd ) bolt away . int . the venue - MAIN entrance - pre dawn - continuous 96 gabe have propped the door open with a BOX fan . he connect a extension cord and it whirs to life . gabe skinny up to the wall as the pit ( jd ) rocket through the door ... ext . venue - lot —- pre -dawn ( continuous ) a 96 the pit ( jd ) continue into the lot , and beyond ... int . the venue - backstage - moment later 97 gabe round the corner , hand cupping he ear , bumping into jonathan and kyle . gabe what 's happening ? kyle dog freaked . ( xe : feedback ) turn this shit off . gabe tried . not coming from our mixer . jonathan go ! we got this . ( look to Kyle ) and don ’t tell darcy . or clark . gabe okay . 98 99 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 98 gabe head back , ear cup . Kyle and Jonathan double back . jonathan why the damned dog ? Kyle rub he ear , raise he shotgun . kyle he’s putting it on they . we go ? Jonathan nod . kyle kick in the door . int . GREEN room - continuous 98 the unlocked door whip OPEN . Kyle step in , see a skinhead with a machete beside the couch , back turn , look down the hole in the floor . kyle hey ! skinhead ( loud mutter ) down there . dipshit fashion punk clown motherfuckers ! Jonathan 's in next , pull the .25 auto from he belt . jonathan turn around ! skinhead ( mutter ) shazbot ... kyle what ? who be that ? the skinhead turn , it 's PAT , shave head , wearing big justin' jacket , he face cover in sharpie ' war paint 's . PAT odin himself . PAT drop through the hole , disappearing into the floor . int . underground lab - continuous 99 PAT drop hard , he pain grimace mesh with a fiendish smirk before scamper deeper into the chamber , clanking he machete loudly against the metal wall ... 100 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 99 int . GREEN room - continuous 100 Jonathan and Kyle get they bearing . the speaker wire above the ceiling tile have be yanked and routed to the ' 90 cabinet stereo system , a wired microphone propped against a speaker , karaoke light flashing . Jonathan yank the microphone , zeroe the mixer . the feedback reverberate into silence . Kyle lift the plugge - in hair clipper from the counter . kyle it 's they . below : PAT 's hair clipping litter the floor . Jonathan squat by the smashed - up hole in the floor . jonathan gimme the shotgun . kyle I get the shotgun . jonathan then go down this fuck hole . Kyle hand over the shotgun , Jonathan set the .25 down and scoot to the edge ... jonathan ( cont ’d ) ( check the breach ) Three shot ? kyle yup . jonathan you hear I fire twice , you come down no matter what . kyle this be a trap . jonathan no shit . you wanna go tell darcy ? Kyle shaking he head , cow . 101 102 103 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 100 int . underground lab - continuous 101 Jonathan drop down , survey . hear the clanking machete . jonathan .-- he 's gonna be piss . ( up to Kyle ) watch my back . Jonathan creep forward ... int . GREEN room - continuous 102 a wide of kyle perched above , looking below . behind he , the couch pillow slowly part and push up . creeping in , as he grab the .25 , check the safety . int . underground lab - continuous 103 Jonathan follow the clanking , shotgun at the ready ... until he stop in he track . jonathan fuck this . and back up to Kyle , shotgun towards the clanking . jonathan ( cont ’d ) get gabe , man ! we need two down here and one up there . ( turn to Kyle ) who 's get the thirty - eight ? we track from behind jonathan , push past and up toward kyle , visible through the hole . kyle yeah , somethi-auq .. the BOX cutter swipe twice across kyle 's neck , a glimpse of amber behind he , also in sharpie ' war paint 's . jonathan watchi -...! Jonathan swing and level the shotgun - in he sight : kyle , spilling blood , eye adrift , fire the .25 into the floor and slump to the side . 104 105 106 107 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 101 int . GREEN room - continuous 104 amber , scoot back , pry the gun from Kyle 's grip . amber PAT ! he’s got three shot . int . underground lab - continuous 105 on jonathan , patiently wait for he shot . jonathan ..- bitch . PAT creeping behind he in war paint , machete raised ... bmpt ! pfff ! pop ! amber fire the .25 at jonathan from above . PAT scramble back as bullet whizz and ricochet . boom . jonathan fire , shredd the empty hole wider . behind a container wall : Pat , falter , cower . jonathan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) gabe ! int . the venue - MAIN entrance - continuous 106 enveloped by noise , grimace gabe power -washes behind the bar . the shop - vac whistes up bloody water and soap . the corpse of daniel and the bartender lie in the foreground , wrap in heavy duty tarp . int . GREEN room - continuous 107 amber eye the door , sprawle on the floor with the .25 . PAT ( 0.s. ) ( low , through the floor ) amber ! she turn to the hole in the floor . amber yeah ? 108 109 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 102 int . underground lab - continuous 108 PAT nevermind ... Pat rise to he foot . int . GREEN room - continuous 109 amber grab the fire extinguisher , crawl to a crouch as she empties it into the hole ... amber two shot left . int . underground lab - continuous 110 Jonathan swing the shotgun towards the downward jet of propellant and FIRE retardant . through the swelling cloud , he make out dangling feet . jonathan aim as the legs drop down ... he take he eye off the sight . jonathan nice fucking try . kyle 's body drop to the floor . amber ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) go fuck yourself . Jonathan turn from the cloud , push through the thick plastic curtain into the next - whomp . the machete cut through curtain and hit jonathan square in the chest . he stagger back , hit the ground and fire . boom . the plastic curtain shred . he pump the shotgun . amber ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( muffle ) ... fuck I ... PAT ! half-visible through the thinning cloud , unmistakably female legs dangle just above the floor . jonathan pivot on he back and fire . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 103 boom . a leg blows apart at the knee . the body drop , the .25 auto clatter next to it . Jonathan check the breech of he shotgun : empty he toss the shotgun and go for the .25 auto . pick it up , slide the action . sees there 's no magazine . jonathan look up : amber be above , holding the magazine . amber ( cont 'd ) zero ! jonathan look down : sees emily 's mutilated body . jonathan look back : sees PAT turning out he pocket , dropping .12 gauge shell , hanging on to one ... jonathan shit . jonathan charge PAT ... PAT slap in the shot shell , pump the action one -handed ... jonathan chuck the empty .25 at PAT ... PAT fire mid -flinch . boom ! missing by a mile ... PAT fuuuuuuck ! jonathan grab the shotgun , but PAT cling on for he life . from afar , in a pile of carnage , amber drop down . she quietly close in as Jonathan throttles Pat like a rag doll , cling in agony . she pick up the .25 and load it ... Jonathan grab a shot shell from the floor . pop . pop . she drop jonathan with two point blank shot to the side of the head . amber and Pat , face in ridiculous sharpie scrawl . amber get he . 112 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 104 PAT totally ... ( pain breath ) ... flabbergasted that motherfucker . int . GREEN room - moment later 111 pulling out from the hole in the dusty floor . the shotgun be toss up through it , clatter to the floor . gabe watch from the doorway with he power washer and shop vac . amber get to she foot , lock eye with gabe . gabe if I have any ide - she reach for Pat , help he up to he foot . amber any more dog ? gabe no . PAT people ? gabe not here . up the road . amber and PAT , look like hammer shit . gabe , drop he gear . gabe ( cont 'd ) I wanna go to jail . subtle , brooding music ... int . venue - dawn 112 pushing through the backstage hall , the greenroom door open . pushing along the stage , we hear footstep . pushing through the MAIN floor , first light spilling in . pushing past the bar , towards the main entrance . 113 114 116 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 105 pushing in on the door ... gabe exit first , amber follow with the shotgun , Pat bring up the rear ... ext . the venue - lot - dawn 113 relative euphoria as they absorb daylight . darcy 's truck , Daniel 's convertible - the only vehicle leave . PAT can anyone hot - wire a car ? amber and gabe shake ' no '. gabe I have stay off the road anyway . ext . MAIN road - early morning 114 wide on the road , cricket give way to bird . a build noise : metallic , grate ... the wounded pit bull ( jd ) trot into frame , bloody , foaming . we track along with it , it 's chain lead drag behind . ext . the wood - early morning 115 tracking with Pat and amber , gabe just ahead . gabe you gonna shoot I ? amber where 's werm ? gabe send they home , but I do not think - PAT let 's stay quiet until we be out . ext . the wood - further along - early morning 116 wide , through tree , they push onward . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 106 ext . the wood - even further along - early morning 117 tracking past tree , they step through the brush . a weathered paper scrap float and tumble near ... Pat head it off , pick it up . on the paper : horn skull , fleshy tendril and a liquid font of zombie vomit . tad 's flyer from the cancelled show . faint voice . Pat look in they direction , then to amber . she put a hand on gabe 's shoulder , he stop , turn . amber ( whisper ) it 's the residence . PAT ( to gabe ) what be they do ? gabe something you do not want to see . amber we can call the cop from the orchard . a voice , in the familiar cadence of clark command . PAT ( to gabe ) do you see they die ? gabe two . not the third - PAT ( motion to the road ) think I be go ... amber look to pat. shove gabe . amber call the cop when you get there . if you disappear I will find you . gabe I will . Pat take the .25 from he belt . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 107 gabe ( cont 'd ) I promise . PAT ( to amber ) you should go too . hedge we bet . amber you have get 4 round and I have see you pump a shotgun . PAT Fair enough . ext . the wood - further along - moment later 118 gabe continue in the background , Pat and amber now head towards the road ... PAT you believe he ? amber shhhh . behind they now , tracking toward the road . visible through the tree , the conversion van ... clark ( distant ) nimm futter ... nimm futter ! alan ( distant ) Jesus . that 's gotta be enough . moving through tree , partially obscure ... the conversion van be park off the road , the driver 's side and rear door hang open in the morning breeze . Clark command a massive , square - jaw presa canario , ripping and tugging at sam' corpse , dragging it from the driver' side door . RAW meat carnage . on PAT , the fade sharpie war-paint , fight a gag reflex . clark ( 0.s . ) lass es. lass es !... -+- so ist brav . pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 108 alan ( 0.s. ) think they would leave the engine on ? clark ( 0.s. ) yeah . it 'il run down the gauge too . the van engine rumble and idle . local radio quietly rattle through blow speaker . the presa canario bark . clark ( cont 'd ) easy . ( to Alan ) let I get this boy tethere . PAT ( 0.s. ) you get the dog ? creeping from the wood , Pat with the .25 train on Alan and amber with the shotgun levele at the presa . amber I get the dog . on clark , quiet shock as he see they . PAT Police or murder . Alan glance back to a gated driveway five yard down the road , then to Clark . clark Police . PAT ( to Alan ) then gimme you gun . alan I do not have one . PAT I nil shoot you either way if you do not hand I one . Alan reach in he belt and set the .38 on the ground . clark listen - pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 109 amber shhhhh . let 's tether that dog . ext . the residence - driveway - early morning 119 on a rusted sign wired to a entry gate : ' beware of dog 's Clark , he presa , and Alan move past , amber and Pat behind . Clark 's modest pre -fab house sit in from the road . Beyond it , the property open up into acre of low grass field . closer in : on the gravel driveway , moving past a duffel bag , clutched by the hand of reece 's strewn , mutilated , corpse ... a gnarle fighting dog , shot dead on the ground just ahead . then darcy , dusting away boot track with the push broom , away from clark truck : by the rear wheel , the matted blue hair of TIGER 's corpse . beside it , the gas canister . from its mouth , we follow plastic tubing leading up to the OPEN gas tank . crammed within , the rubber hose and rag from the siphon kit . darcy finish up with a broom tap . PAT ( 0.s. ) look fishy . darcy look to the ensemble , sag with despair . PAT ( cont 'd ) the cloth be to make a seal . would not stuff it in like that . darcy return a cautious nod . alan they get my thirty - ei - . amber shut up . ( to Clark ) hook that dog up or I blow it and you away . Pat take the sharpie from he jacket , scribbles a large swastika above the gas tank . 120 121 122 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 110 PAT that 's 1ll be hard to explain . darcy seethes as Clark lethargically hook the presa 's lead to a wire run - line between two metal post . it trot off . clark ( turn ) so why d- boom . amber hit clark with buckshot to the rib . PAT jump . clark crumple , spurting blood from a 3 '' entry wound . ext . the wood - deep within - early morning - continuous 120 gabe react to a echoing , distant crack , quicken he pace . ext . MAIN road - early morning - continuous 121 the injure pit ( jd ) , slow , drag he chain up the road . ext . the residence - driveway - early morning 122 PAT , regarding clark dead body , blood soaked grass . PAT so we be do that ? amber why else would we walk up here ? PAT when I ... I be go to ruin the crime scene . amber ( eye on darcy and Alan ) think we have leave a new one . Pat swallow , turn to look back at the carnage . PAT ( back to darcy ) ...- this be a nightmare ! heaving with shock and adrenaline , Pat 's voice carry for mile . even amber be reverent . 123 124 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 111 darcy for we all . amber tell I that stupid fuck word be he last . PAT I ... ( to darcy ) you have a cell phone ? darcy shake a near-imperceptible ' no '. PAT ( cont 'd ) funny ... you be so scary at night - darcy turn and run . it 's almost sad . pop . PAT miss with the .25 , kicking up distant dirt . alan charge . boom ! blown back by amber 's buckshot . pop . PAT hit darcy in the back . boom . amber take out darcy legs with buckshot . darcy pull the .454 from a custom holster under he jacket . pop . PAT hit darcy in the eyebrow . the SMALL caliber entry wound eject a steady arc of blood . darcy fire the .454 ruger . boom . it 's a canon . clark truck take the slug . on a wide , tracking : the presa bark on the run-line . darcy slump to the ground as amber and Pat approach , gun raise . they watch he fade , lower they weapon . serene music build . ext . nearby wood - morning 123 the sun crest a hill , backlight tree . bird chirp . ext . the venue - morning 124 the place be quiet . Little sign of last night 's event . 125 126 127 128 129 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 112 ext . orchard - morning 125 migrant worker , man and woman , mostly Latin , harvest honeycrisps from a row of manicure tree . gabe , blood stained and rag , approach from a fence . the highway be audible nearby . gabe we need police . int . tad 's apartment - bedroom - morning 126 a door open off screen , spilling sunlight on the cluster of framed cat photo . moving along the dresser , a note : D - see you after my shift . I hope you both like egg . - T int . werm 's house - basement - morning 127 speck of light penetrate bedsheet - cover window . the guitarist and drummer be on the floor by the couch , freeze in tight - jawed rigor mortis , a needle in the guitarist 's arm . someone behind they , rock in front of the tv . it 's werm , in cool , fuzzy light , eat a BOWL of cereal . hard to tell if the creeping siren come from the tv ... ext . MAIN road - morning 128 the conversion van remain idling by the road , door agape . int . conversion van - continuous 129 on the radio , the driver 's door open in the background . rattling quietly , tad 's ai not rights interview on fm 85.5 . a shape outside the van move low across frame . 130 pre-production draft v.2 ( 9/07/14 ) 113 ext . the residence - driveway - morning 130 amber and Pat be seat on the gravel , head rest against the bumper of Clark 's truck . they see the shape : the wounded pit ( jd ) , blood soaked and gnarly . it stalk up the driveway towards they ... amber and Pat raise they gun . click . click . click . all three of they on they last leg , the pit ( jd ) limp past , sniff out Clark 's body and curl up next to it . the presa canario whimper from its tethere line . Pat and amber slump back , quiet take hold . the van 's radio barely audible . PAT -.. I know what it be . amber ( eye ahead ) what what be ... PAT my desert island band . two beat , half - ass warrior in the late summer breeze . amber tell somebody who give a shit . CUT to black .