GREEN lantern written by greg berlanti & michael GREEN & marc guggenheim first draft June 9 , 2008 we begin ... in GREEN . vibrant , verdant . the longest , fastest continuous pullback ever begin . a steady voice accompany we : a male voice we be not alone in the universe . still pull back to reveal ... a emerald lantern , sky - scraper tall and breathtaking . the central battery . then the breathtaking liquid spire and tower of oa whip past ... a male voice ( cont 'd ) for year now , we have know of a group of extraterrestrials who patrol we universe and keep it safe . break orbit to reveal ... hundred of GREEN lantern . alien in a universe 's worth of variety , each wield power ring . a male voice ( cont 'd ) we do not know where they come from . or where they get they power . but we know this much ... they be good . they spar , master assorted weapon of GREEN light . fluid . beautiful . a sci-fi martial art . a male voice ( cont ’d ) and they protect we . just as they protect all life in the universe . and we be off ! suddenly fly through space . hyper-speed . Zipping past planet , slalome around sun and moon . a male voice ( cont 'd ) impossible to imagine ? no more impossible than when Columbus suggest the Earth be round or when copernicus posit that it orbite the Sun . then a familiar planet : Neptune , then Uranus . saturn . Jupiter . all raging past we until we arrive at ... a male voice ( cont ’d ) there be heroes out there . earth . tumble down into the atmosphere ... before landing : ext . time square - new york - day it 's full . thousand of people stand in SHOCK and silence , stare up at the trademark giant astrovision tv screen . a male voice and now , one of we own have join they . take up arm against the force of evil . here ... and everywhere . 2 . on the screen : a weathered , greying man ( 60' ) whom we 'il come to know as pipe . he 's at the end of a press conference , three second from change the world : male voice / pipe ( on screen ) one of we . now one of they . ( then ) a Green lantern . smash to black . a legend appear : fifteen year ago hal ( v.o. ) Jim say there 's gonna be thousand of people here today . martin jordan ( v.o. ) it 's a air show . not the superbowl . the blackness part , revealing daylight . we be in : int . a airplane hangar - a perfect morning on earth two massive door split , push by martin jordan and he son hal ( 12 ) . we be immediately jealous of they connection . hal do it completely freak you out ? all that people come to watch you fly ? martin jordan naah . it 's not I they be come to see . it 's this ... the fluorescent flicker on , revealing a fourth generation - style jet , the ramjet . hal race toward it . hal sweet . when can I take she up ? martin jordan when you be big enough to get in the cockpit without my help . hal Mr. ferris let I use the simulator . I be get pretty killer . martin jordan Carol let you use the sim . if she pop know he would kill you both . Martin lift hal up onto the wing . hal do it bother you that Mom do not come watch you fly ? | | martin jordan it 's not I fly plane she have a problem with . it 's I testing they . hal so ... why do you ? martin jordan someone 's gotta be first , hal . the concern in hal 's look draw Martin closer to he son . martin jordan ( cont ’d ) someday , if you brother let you live long enough , you be gonna be a adult . and you be gonna make a million choice . like where to live . what kinda car to drive . who you friend be . but every now and then , if you be really lucky , something choose you . when that happen , there 's no fight it . you mother might not agree with what I do , but she understand that much . Martin watch the concept sink in with hal . then : martin jordan ( cont 'd ) so ... wanna checkout the cockpit ? ( hal leap up ) wait . you be gonna need this . Martin strip off he bomber jacket , place it on hal . the call sign '' sabre '' on the chest . as hal get in : hal you think Mom will understand if I be choose to be a samurai ? martin jordan she 's handle worse . ext . ferris field - a gorgeous day we're soaring over open field , car line up eight row deep . local sit on hood and roof . a banner shout : '' the ferris AIR spectacular - a 5 - year tradition !!! '' a deafening cheer erupt as the ramjet buzy the field . int . control tower - same time hal ( still in the bomber jacket ) turn from the glass -- hal that must have be Mach - two ! carol ferris ( 12 ) , a few year and orthodontist visit away from grow into she look , step beside he . she do she best to hide a blossoming crush . | carol Mach - Three . when be you gonna learn how to read a sonic boom ? ( then , notice ) Nice jacket . do it come any bigger ? hal Nice brace . do they come any brighter ? hal cross to a bottle of chill dom . hal ( cont 'd ) Mr. ferris , can I crack she open ? amidst a half -dozen adult stand a impose carl ferris ( 40' ) . he don a rare smile . into he headset : carl ferris Tower to sabre . you son want to know if you be do show off and we can get this party start . martin jordan ( over radio ) Roger that , Tower . tell my son I say two finger worth for he and that 's it . carl ferris ( to hal you hear he , hal . knock it out . hal 's about to do that when ... boom ! and not the sonic kind . an_explosion . hal race to the window . the ramjet spiral through the air , leave a corkscrew of black smoke . martin jordan ( over radio ) Tower , I get a flameout in the starboard engine . over . carl ferris she can not fly on one engine . eject . martin jordan ( over radio ) can not do it , Tower . the jet will go straight into the crowd . carl ferris sabre , get outta that plane ! now ! martin jordan ( over radio ) I be push she to the runway first ! Carol turn to hal , but hal be half - way out the room . we follow hal down the stair , bound two at a time . carl ferris ( v.0 . ) it 's too far away , Martin ! martin jordan ( v.0 . ) carl ferris ( v.0 . ) I can do it ! sabre , I say eject ! 5. martin jordan ( v.o. ) carl ferris ( v.0o . ) I be clear . ejecting now -- sabre , I be order you to eject now ! a earth shatter crash as hal fly out of the building . Carol be right after he , watch hal frantically search the plume of black smoke in the distance . hal where be it ? where 's he ' chute ? carol hal ... hal where 's he ' chute ?! Carol look at he , heartbroken . go slow mo as hal , lose it , try to run toward the crash site but a older boy ( jim ) , grab hold of he . we gaze down at the devastation . amongst the flame and metal , the shatter cockpit tell we everything we need to know . we follow the rush of smoke into the blue sky . higher and faster . music build . then the pitch black of : ext . interstellar space a legend appear : space , sector 2814 it fade . then another : today a ship shriek by -- a small , otherworldly spacecraft . int . abin sur 's spacecraft a complex navigation display . operate it be the craft 's pilot : abin sur . Noble feature . magenta skin . abin 's ring flicker and a hologram in GREEN light appear . it 's a prissy fin-headed fishman , tomar - re . via ring : tomar -re you could have be there and back by now if you have go by ring . abin sur markot deserve the proper return home . it be not often a lantern fall . in a corner , a metallic coffin . tomar -re what will you tell they about how he be lose ? abin sur all that we know . he be overpower in the service of protect he sector . tomar -re and that three lantern be slaughter before he -- abin sur there 's no cause to spread fear . a bump make he ship lurch -- the nav system goe out . tomar -re if you insist on travel by ship , abin , at least learn to operate one . abin sur we have be friend a long time , tomar - re . perhaps one day I 'il understand why . the hologram shut off . abin 's ring pulse . he be instantly envelop in a brilliant GREEN aura . ext . space - minute later abin , protect by that aura , float outside he ship . he take a moment to appreciate the view ... a ballet of 63 moons , rotate around ... saturn . small universe . abin survey he ship 's hull . he float toward a broken dish . as he do , a flash behind he -- a gold blur . abin do not see it . but we do . abin 's Ring create tool to fix the dish ( the Ring just get cooler and cooler ) . the flash behind he come round again . this time abin see its gold light . he turn to see -- a massive creature block out the Sun . the size of a whale with tentacles of a octopus and a shark killer grin . this be legion . and we fear it . abin sur ( holy fuckshit ) great krona -- abin fire a full force ringblast at legion ! everything he ring have , deploy in one massive , magnificent pulse . but nothing happen ! his ring do not work on legion -- which fire forth a series of gold blast . abin 's ring call up a GREEN shield deflect the income fire . barely . legion 's tentacles lash out , grab abin and curling he up to the yellow fang of its dripping maw . abin summon a huge GREEN hand , grab a pass asteroid and send it ramming -- smash -- into legion . legion drop abin , buy he enough time to climb back into -- int . abin sur 's ship - continuous abin slam down the control so that the ship 's gun FIRE simultaneously at legion ! 7. the force send legion fly back -- and propel abin 's ship ahead ... bursting through one of saturn 's ring ! legion be lose in the distance . abin look to a gaping wound in he side . a purplish stain color he uniform , struggle for consciousness , abin 's Ring generate a beam of light . abin sur this be abin sur , choose protector of sector 2814 . I have see what hunt we ... legion ... it life . the Ring hold no effect , no defense -- you must take action . legion be real . ( a raspy gasp , then ) I have escape ... but not with my life . I shall proceed to the nearest sentient planet for selection . ext . space - outside the ship reveal what he 's aim for : some 820 million mile away ... . we comforting , familiar blue home . as abin 's ship straighten to find its course we dissolve to ... another spaceship ? no , it just look like a spaceship . it 's actually the sabre jet , the latest brainchild of Carl ferris . carol ( v.o. ) pilot be obsolete . we be watch the sabre as it 's put through its pace on a video play on all five flatscreen display in : int . ferris aircraft - design showroom - day smart and modern . model of the sabre in various design stage . carol ferris , brace long go and replace with a mba , mesmerize a few suit and two general . carol I know conventional wisdom say plane can not think like people . and I know conventional wisdom say u- cave be not ready for mass deployment . that the tech be not there yet . ( beat ) conventional wisdom be for follower . ferris Air be about to make all aerial combat mission unmanned . today . the suit look intrigue -- except for one , who speak with the confidence of a former astronaut , current senator . senator and what do you expect all that pilot we spend thirteen billion taxpayer dollar training to do ? carol if we sky be safer and they life protect ... I expect they to thank I . senator then you do not know pilot , Ms. ferris . carol enough to know pilot like you be few and far between , Senator . most be not four-star NASA icon . most pilot be far more human than that . there be pilot who be cocky ... pilot who be irresponsible ... close on : a well - worn bomber jacket on a floor . if it look familiar it should . it 's the one hal 's father give he . carol ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) and pilot who be both . int . ocean view apartment - coast CITY - that moment pan to the bed and up the intertwined legs of jenna , a yoga - tone hottie , and ... hal jordan . 15 year older and not all that much more mature . hal now I remember why yoga 's my second favorite thing in life . jenna yeah ? what 's the first ? hal yoga instructor . it 's a photo finish with fly . jenna ( they kiss , then ) . and what be that little maneuver call again ? hal a Split -s . also know as a immelmann turn . dangerous stuff . it should only be perform by a certified professional . the sound of a car pull in interrupt they good time . then a doorslam . Jenna sit up sharply . not good . jenna oh no -- he 's early . hal who 's early ? Jenna start throw clothes at hal , a mile a minute -- / | i | jenna okay , so remember after we do that shot how I say how weird it be that tibet be you favorite place in the world too and I break up with my boyfriend because he would not ever go with I and you be so my type -- hal yeah , I may have exaggerated my enthusiasm for Far East travel -- jenna that 's okay . I may have exaggerated how much I break up with my boyfriend . hal and he 's here ? ( she nod , he be ) now ? yep . hal take a glance out the window -- and see she motherfucking huge boyfriend walk towards the house . hal ( cont 'd ) you be sure that 's just one guy ... hal put he pants on both leg at once , as -- carol ( v.0o . ) it come down to fear ... int . ferris aircraft - design showroom - resuming carol all pilot be susceptible . it 's a human instinct . train they for year , spend billion , you can not get rid of it . and it 's fear that cause mistake . ext . ocean view apartment - FIRE escape - moment later hal be out the window , pull on he clothes , when he spot ... he bomber jacket . still on the floor . Inside , Jenna fend off she boyfriend 's suspicion . motherfucking huge boyfriend I texted you all night , babe . where be you ? jenna I teach a late bikram class . the steam make my phone all sweaty . he 's about to believe the lie when he turn to find -- hal reach in to retrieve he bomber jacket . busted . hal forget this . do not let I interrupt you . and hal take off -- up the fire escape -- as -- 10 . carol ( v.0 . ) end of the day , pilot be only human . ext . ferris aircraft - hangar - resuming Carol lead the suit into the ultra-modern hangar where a even more ultra modern jet rest . a sabre prototype . carol whereas the sabre be more than human . each have sar / mti and eo / ir sensor which feed into a sub-symbolic neural net . this be not drone . they be the chess machine that can beat the grandmaster . senator we pilot live for combat , Ms. ferris . no machine can compete with the fire we put in we boy . carol in that case ... maybe you have be willing to suit up and fly against they in we demonstration . the Senator decide to laugh it off . carl ferris , himself older and crankier , sidle up to Carol . sotto : carl ferris explain how pissing off the guy with the government checkbook get we closer to congressional funding . carol I can handle he dad . you worry about get a backup pilot . you be still miss you third . carl ferris he '11 show . carol really ? because I be run out of shpiel and look at a empty F - 16 . carl ferris I have be prepare for this day for fifteen year , I know what I be do . carol there be better pilot out there than hal Jordan . who show up . carl we do not need better pilot . we need the one who ’1ll make the sabre look good . Carol clock she father 's savvy . check she watch . carol Three , two , one ... 11 . as they exit the hangar door to the tarmac , on perfect cue , a sabre buzy clean over all they head ! carol ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... the future of fly . ext . beach community - rooftop - resuming hal fly across the rooftop , remind himself : hal next time , down the fire escape . a glance backward . jennar boyfriend be gain . and homicidal . hal whip out he cellphone as he run . hal ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hey . it 's I . I need a favor ... I be run a little late . with that hal leap off the roof 's edge . as he 's mid-flight we match CUT to : a 1967 mustang convertible skid to a dead stop . ext . ferris aircraft - parking lot - a little later hal get out as he best friend tom kalmaku ( late 20' ) run up , carry a flight suit . Tom 's part eskimo , all dedicated nerdle . hal snag the suit , put it on as they walk . hal they do not start yet , do they ? tom no . ' Cause they be wait . for you . hal Nice how everything work out . ext . on the tarmac - moment later Tom and hal round the corner toward the jets . Carol be come at they . Tom suddenly shift course away . hal where be you go ? tom to the tower . she scare I . carol you be late . hal and you candy machine 's out of that peanut butter cracker . a guy skip lunch because he make certain assumption about snack availability . | | | 12 . carol we be make history with the sabre today -- not even you can ruin my mood . hal Nice name by the way . sabre . I be sure you dad give himself a good bonus pat on the back for that one . carol it 's in you father 's honor , hal . hal my father would have hate it . it 's a piece of metal , with a X - box for a brain . it will never replace a pilot . carol it 's beat most of they already . he climb up and into he jet . as he do : hal have not beat I . how about , if I win , we go down to the riverbed and recreate a little night I like to call junior prom ? carol it be not a night , more like three minute . hal then make it dinner . you , I , lobster , you company card . carol we will see how hungry you be after you get you ass kick . fly safe . hal never learn how . hal watch she go . a sight he will never get over ... int . ferris aircraft - control tower - minute later a 360 degree view of the sky . on tom at the control station , headset on . Carol take she place beside he . the Generals and Carl arc around . into he headset : tom gentlemen , you be about to engage the fearsome and mighty sabre u-cav . I write half the code on ‘em myself , so I should warn you ... ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - same time the three F - 16 line up . across from they on the other side of the runway , the three sabre line up opposite . | | 13 . tom ( over radio ) this be gonna suck hard for you . music rise , pounding louder as the jet engine flare ... and ... the six plane take off ! we intercut with : ext . the crisp blue sky a lighting -fast 3-on-3 dogfight over the California foothills . hal break formation , go after one of the sabre . he 's more than a pilot , he 's a natural . a sharp leave and hal 's get one crosshaired . hal Tower , this be highball , I have like to report a yawn fast approach . hal 's missile lock chime , but the sabre dive in a phenomenal , physics - shatter move . dammit if the sabre be not pursue hal now . hal ( cont 'd ) you do not mention they could teleport . carol ( to the suit ) the sabre utilize the same target algorithm as you current u- cave , but the fly protocol be as close to human- grade as you can get ... hal 's f-16 tear down towards the other two -- which be struggle in they own dogfight with sabre 2 & 3 . a laser sprays from sabre 2 , target locking right onto a F - 16 's tail . sabre 2 birth a missile -- which explode out and -- hal ion ! break right ! but the missile connect , splattering the fuselage in yellow paint . Dead . hal fire a missile at the sabre . but the sabre bank -- and somersault -- to come around , laser target and ... nail the third jet . splat ! hal ( cont 'd ) what be you feed that thing ? tom F - 16 . . carol for that keep score , it 's now three against one . all three sabre target hal now . hal pull every move he can think of -- skimming the tree -- hugging the ground -- but nothing work . they be fly on shit . carol ( cont 'd ) the sabre be program to perform every flight maneuver within know parameter . the sabre stream closer ... targeting ... he 's a split-second from toast when hal suddenly yank he throttle ! his f-16 climb maniacally fast . the three sabre fly hard after he . tom highball , what be you do ? hal this thing be program within know parameter ... think I have try out the other kind . Tom read the screen , so do Carol . juh oh . | | tom | he 's take they into -- i carol a coffin corner . can they follow ? tom they do not know not to . we never account for self - destructive behavior . | one of the suit speak up , send the concern -- a suit what 's a coffin corner ? senator the altitude where a plane 's stall speed equal its Mach . carl ferris if a plane hit it ... it stall out . Carol grab Tom 's headset . piss and a little scared : carol hal , the F - 16 you be fly be a nineteen million dollar aircraft -- hal it 's insure , right ? carol you be not . you will not have enough oxygen up there ! you will pass out ! warning light flash as the unimaginable g-forces overtake hal . the sabre be still right up he ass . hal I will wake up . | 15 . carol pull out ! now , dammit ! hal 's F - 16 be a space shuttle barrel the upper atmosphere . the sabre start to shudder -- but hal have a harder time breathe . he rip off he mask . tom I be lose sabre Alpha and beta . make that Alpha , beta and gamma ! the sabre 's engine go out . another stall . as they all become $ 100 million rock and plummet to the Earth . suit what just happen ? carl ferris the sabre follow hal into a stall but because they be unmanned , they can not restart they own engine . senator almost make you wish you have a cocky pilot fly they , ms ferris . carol ( to Tom , defeat ) trigger a manual restart . the sabre restart to return safely . but hal be still climbing . he begin to lose consciousness . a quick series of flash cut : Young hal watch he father 's plane tumble from the sky ... the blaze and horror of the wreckage itself . close on hal -- he black out as he own engine flicker out ! tom hal just lose he engine . carol hal ! wake up hal ! but hal be out . his plane begin to freefall to earth ! spinning wildly -- end over end with the SUN flashing in we eye as we tumble with he -- carol ( cont 'd ) dammit hal , wake up ! Carol ( and the rest of we ) have almost lose all hope when ... foom . the F - 16 's engine come to life , blossoming with light . the plane fire ahead , pealing right over the ground . back inside the jet hal smile , rub he eye like he never have a doubt . hal well ... that be easy . ext . airstrip - just after Carol beeline for hal , as he step off he plane . carol how stupid be you ?! hal um , '' amazing move there , hal . you sure know you way around a thatch weave ... '' hal spot Carl walk the Generals to they car . after they , a young man 's fury : hal ( cont ’d ) if you be gonna take job away from pilot , you better do it with something that can pull out of a stall ! carol you almost get yourself kill ! and for what ? to spite my father ? ( then ) after all the time I stand up for you , the one day I need you to come through . hal I know why he want I here today . he think I have be a easy target . sorry if I disappointed . 16 . he shout she wish she could fire he -- but she just can not . there 's too much history there , too much ... everything . carol you be ground . permanently . you want to see another jet , come to the air show . Carol go to leave . hal call after she , payback : hal so I be think like eight tomorrow . you come by my place , we have a drink first . I be go casual but you should wear that little blue cocktail dress -- ( Carol turn ) the bet. remember ? carol ( you be so fuck ) if you will excuse I , I have to go call you mother . back on hal , the first sign of fear in he eye ... 17 . ext . earthas orbit - that moment abin 's ship shoot into Earth 's atmosphere at destructive speed -- a dead weight spiralling -- flaring up with the immense heat so hot , piece of it melt away -- ext . a playground - continuous two kide play with they toy spaceship -- somehow they do not notice the real spaceship streaking across the sky overhead . kid alien attack ! ptchoo ! ext . a desert - day second before the ship hit , the GREEN light surround it focus to the fore , as it crash ! drive deep into the ground ! Dust fly ... then settles . then all go quiet . no sign of life . the wind pick up . a thin snake of smoke rise , set against the unkind sun . follow the smoke down to ... a fresh crater in the earth . close on : a capillary line of purple blood drip between rock . follow the trickle to : a magenta-hued hand . it 's abin 's . the wreckage crush he . he look to he ring . abin sur ( barely a whisper ) someone honest , someone brave ... as if understanding , the ring glimmer , then spin , become a sphere of GREEN light . which rise up into the sky . ext . around the earth - that moment follow the sphere as it fly around the planet at fantastic speed . a streak of light . seek something ... or someone . it cross the desert ... over the sunset strip and all the cruising driver ... pick up speed as it doe a complete circuit around the world , buzzing ( unseen ) past thousand of people ... face old and young ... past soldier and farmer and businessmen ... bypass congress entirely ... past a glass - wearing reporter at the DAILY planet ... over a college football field and a coach with the name '' gardner '' on he jersey ( obscure a hero we will meet in the second film ) , the GREEN light circle he twice , decide -- then suddenly sense something else ... as it bolt off ... dissolve to : a streak of sparkler , spinning -- ext . jim jordan 's house - backyard - night it 's a summer birthday party . the jordan be a large , gorgeous family . you will not be able to distinguish between they at first ... that 's the point . there 's a lot of they . 18 . jim ( 35 ) and jack ( 25 ) , hal 's all - american brother be restock the cooler . they turn to see hal approach . hal work . jack | | sorry I be late , be not the best day at | | i no kid . a coffin corner , hal ? i ( off hal 's look ) I yeah , we hear . Carol 's voice carry . i hal where 's Nathan ? jim wonder why he favorite uncle be not here . he think you forget . again . hal I remember everything . jim like the way you remember to pick I up for my wedding -- hal ' I come back for you . listen . you do not know if Mom know , too , do you ? hal 's mother , helen jordan ( 50 's ) head over . her natural beauty almost cover the tragedy behind she eye . almost . the smile convert into a death glare . jack -- I be gonna guess she do . helen 's inch from hal now . quiet , stern : helen jordan risking you life to prove a point . ( she anguish show ) after what this family 's be through . you father would be so disappointed . hal 1 yeah , well he 's dead so ... | she smack he . hal freeze , know he deserve it . the rest | of the party notice . tense , awkward silence . ' helen jordan you only think about yourself . how do I raise such a selfish child ? '' hal | you do not . I do this all on my own . | nathan ( 0.s. ) uncle hal ! 19 . hal 's nephew nathan ( 9 ) dive onto hal . break the tension . hal happy birthday , flyboy . as Nathan laugh , hal look back to he mother . but she 's already walk away . ext . backyard - somewhere private - moment later they walk toward a swing set where Nathan sit . hal push . nathan it 's okay if you do not get I a present . hal what do you know ? maybe I do get you something . look up there . ( point to the star ) see , when I be in the Air Force -- nathan before you get throw out ? hal stay with I , tell a story here ... when I be still in the Air Force , I make some friend in the ... galactic Exploration division . top level research , secret space stuff . I ask if there be any good star up for grab . and you see that one right there ? no one else claim it so ... it 's all yours . you even get to name it . a moment of wonder . unfortunately , Nathan 's a smart kid . nathan you mean hadar ? hal it 's already get a name ? a streak of GREEN light whizze past , stop suddenly . it hover over hal . Dancing around he like a bee . nathan a few . also agena or beta centauri , ' cause it 's so close to Alpha centauri . it 's the 11th brightest star in the sky . hal you know , maybe you should not read so much , get a video game or something . the ball of light move through hal 's body , shoot out the other side and up into the sky . hal react . nathan uncle hal ... you okay ? 20 . hal look down at he chest . unsure what just happen . do I just see something ? he shake it off . hal sure ... okay , flyboy , you ready to loop this sucker ? Nathan yell excitedly as we follow the light farther and farther away from they and up into the night sky ! it hit the stratosphere and explode into ... four glowing GREEN scimitars wield simultaneously and expertly . we be in the middle of a nasty fight in ... int . corp training room - the planet oa - that moment a horned alien parry hopelessly against a as - yet unseen opponent . the opponent work he weapon as though he be four man , not one . horn alien hit the mat . hard . horned alien I yield . the sword vanish into the Ring of a crimson alien ( 40s in Earth year ) . jet black eye to match he hair . thaal sinestro . sinestro and who say you be anything but wise ? his session be interrupt when tomar - re enter , urgent . tomar -re thaal -- sinestro not today , tomar . I be too tired to fight underwater . but tomar 's look say he 's not here for fun . smash into : int . a great hall - moment later a intense sinestro storm down the hall . as he do he pass a array of alien life . all wear version of the same uniform . he head toward two enormous door . firing a wild ring - blast that send the great door flying OPEN -- int . the citadel - continuous like the Roman Senate set against the starry heaven . above and look down be -- the guardian blue skin and enlarged head . two rows of they , extend into the distance . they red and white robe billow to the ground give they impossible stature . the guardian communicate telepathically , project they thought as one , directly into sinestro 's mind . 21 . sinestro abin sur be dead ! guardian ( v.o. ) we know -- another guardian ( v.o . ) -- the guardian mourn with you . but there be no feel to back the word . sinestro when the first lantern fall I come to this council and be tell to do nothing . will you ask that same mindless devotion of I now ? something be out there -- strong enough to kill three lantern , now four . we must fight back ! we must arm ourselves ! guardian ( v.0 . ) you already wield the great weapon the universe have ever know . another guardian ( v.o. ) what great arm would you carry ? sinestro you know better than I that there be a light more powerful than this . sinestro call another GREEN blast , exploding into the ground below , shatter the ancient marble . Gross insubordination . guardian ( v.0 . ) there be a time not so long ago that you stand before we and begge to be call ringbearer -- another guardian ( v.o . ) -- beg for the right to defend you sector with the very weapon you now deem lack . sinestro my friend die and that 's you answer , to remind I of my obligation ? guardian ( v.o. ) if you so wish to honor abin sur ... train he replacement . he come soon . off sinestro , sense he defeat , and hat it ... ext . jim jordan 's house - back on earth - night Jim walk hal out . hal 's get extra birthday cake for later . 22 . jim where you head ? please say it 's to see some girl you barely know -- please say she 's like 23 and vaguely ethnic . I love my wife but I have be marry 10 year and I live through you . hal sorry , be a long day . I just wanna be alone with my cake . will you ... jim I ’'1l talk to Mom . but do anything that stupid again and you will not have to worry about she kill you . there will be a line . get it ? a hug goodnight . Jim go inside . hal slide into the mustang , start it ... only the damn thing won 's T turn over . he try again -- then it die again . no dice . hal come on , not now . you start and I go home and today can be over -- he turn the key again -- and for a second hal notice in the rearview mirror a glimmer of that same GREEN light he think he see before ... but it 's go just as the car start ! just then , the radio dial begins to glow -- and guess what color ... that 's weird . hal smack the dash a couple of time . but the glow spread , slowly enveloping the car ... hal pull he hand off the steering wheel , hal ( cont 'd ) ... the hell be that ? coolant ? in a moment the car be surround by a honeycomb of emerald light . but before he can properly lose he shit -- the car suddenly jolt . hal fall to the floor . he pull himself up just in time to see -- the car lift up off the ground ! and goddammit if it doesn't fly ! take out a power line as it rise into the night sky ! hal ( cont 'd ) whoawhoawhoa -- very reasonably , hal freak the fuck out -- hal ( cont 'd ) car fly ! not cool ! he see the ground diminish as the car rocket up ! he try steering , realize that 's stupid , so he buckle up . hal lean over the window and realize he 's 2000 feet up ! through the GREEN shell surround the mustang , he can see a cesena flying not a hundred foot off . 23 . reverse angle : the cesna pilot look in hal 's direction -- seeing nothing . the car be cloak . hal 's body be suddenly bath in the most beautiful GREEN light he 's ever see come from the ac vent . it calm he as we hear a resonant voice come through the radio : abin sur 's voice listen well . for you have be choose . a focused beam of light from the ac vent project into hal 's eye . a shotgun blast of image and information unfold : abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) chosen by the guardian of the Universe ... a spiral into the guardian 's citadel . the blue-skinned robe demigod float in a ring , encircle the cosmos . abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) «-.as the bravest of you world . image of wildly diverse alien species assault hal 's sense . abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) chosen to join the bravest of all world ... the Green lantern Corps . the corp . stand like a army on the foothills of trinity canyon on oa . they raise they power ring in unison , a salute , emit a blind GREEN glow . abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) charge with maintain peace ... quick cut : all manner of GREEN lantern perform act of selfless heroism . rescuing a crippled spaceship ... abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) across all 3600 sector of the universe . more cut : evacuate a planet as a supernova bloom ... battle monster ... abin sur ‘s voice ( cont 'd ) without the Corps there would be only fear and chaos . push in on the lantern , they grace win the day . abin sur 's voice ( cont 'd ) to serve be the high honor . and on '' honor '' the emerald light disappear so that hal be look out the windshield at the desert fifty feet below -- and the car plummet toward it ! poooom ! his car crash into the sand . as the dust settles , we catch a familiar GREEN streak move away , to ... 24 . close up : of the ring , power deplete , fall into a magenta hand . the hand close around it . back on the totalled mustang . the door pop open . a shaky and freak out hal fall out . he look back to the car . hal that be so wrong ! he back away from the car like it be possess ... back towards the jutting tail end of -- abin 's ship ! bonk . he whacks he head on the surface -- and turn to see : the strange craft illuminate by the mustang 's highbeam ... hal stop . something be stirring inside the wreck -- hal go straight in . wrench a metal plate off the pilot . hal ( cont 'd ) hang on , I all get you outta there ! one last effort and clang -- he throw the heavy fragment off . and then ... hal see abin sur . see he strange alien feature . there 's no mistake what he be . but hal show no fear -- he try to help abin . hal ( cont 'd ) man , I do not know what you be suppose to look like , but you do not look so hot . abin sur be beyond concern for he own life now . abin sur there be no moment like the first . there be so much to envy in you . hal that be you ... talk to I ? you bring I here ? abin 's breath be labor . abin sur tell I you name . hal hal Jordan . abin sur hal Jordan . I be abin sur. protector of this sector . and today I must die . hal hang on , we will get you to a hospital . ( notice ) that carry purple blood -- | | | | | 25 . abin sur ( point inside ) in there . the lantern . place the Ring , speak the oath ... hal hold on . save you strength . and with that abin finally give he ring to hal . the great gift in the universe . abin sur this Ring will take you ... to what you can not yet dream . hal hold he thin alien frame as abin draw he last breath . move , hal look at the Ring this strange stranger give he . look to the wreckage of the ship . inside the cabin , he see it . a object of cold unburnish steel cover in verdigris : the lantern . hal move towards it . we expectation rise ... when hal 's cell phone chime , '' theme from Magnum pi '' ringtone . int . tom 's apartment - same time - we intercut a geek paradise . Tom stand in front of a plasma , wireless controller in hand . he 's pump : tom man , I just get past cortana on halo 3 . on '' legendary '' difficulty . legendary . you gotta check out the insanity on that level . you have never see such crazy - ass alien mayhem . hal glance down at abin 's corpse . hal you would be surprised ... listen , I need you to come pick I up . ext . crash site - hour later - dawn time pass as hal finish the work of bury the stranger from another world . the desert sun rise in the east . a handful of dirt throw take he back to : ext . cemetery - 15 year ago - flashback a grey day . mourner gather around Martin Jordan 's grave . young hal stare at the coffin . Carl ferris stand at the foot of the coffin . opposite hal , on the other side of the grave sit young carol . a ocean of grief between they . carl ferris except for he wife and boy , there 's nothing Martin Jordan love more than fly . now he can fly forever . the open sky be where he be at home . 26 . hal 's voice fade in , overlap with Carl 's -- carl ferris ( cont ’d ) hal 's voice fly safe . fly true . you be fly safe . fly true . you be go home at last . go home at last . ext . crash site - resuming hal , reverent , be address the grave . hal the sky be wait . ext . desert road - day - later time have pass . hal stand out on a road . Tom 's pick - up truck pull up . as he get out : tom you want to tell I why we be a million mile from nowhere when I have get a ton of code to comb through and I be sorry but I do not pack a snack and I be really low blood sugar cranky right now -- then he see it . abin 's ship . too real to mistake for anything . he bolt out . no word . tom ( cont ’d ) hal hal be that a -- yeah . Tom see the burial mound , understand instantly . tom ( cont 'd ) there be something in there ? hal the pilot die . gave I this . he show Tom the ring . tom he propose ? hal he tell I to keep it . Tom eye the strange craft possessively . in love . tom do he say anything about he ship ? hal we just find proof of extraterrestrial life and you want to strip the guy 's car for part ? | 1 i 27 . tom ( hitching it up ) I 'il come back for you wreck tomorrow but we can not just leave this out here . we ’1ll take it to my place ... hal you mom 's place ? tom I pay rent . it 's a quarter mine . as Tom begin to cover up the ship we dissolve to : ext . the crash site - later dozen of military personnel in hazmat suit litter the terrain , probing . a black suv roll up , a pair of shoe step out . the strike of a match . we follow it up to ... a briarwood pipe . reveal the greying man from we open . hazmat soldier Sir , you really should be in level a bunker gear , we have get a suit for you in the trailer -- pipe where be he ? hazmat soldier this way , sir . we have excavate the grave , but can not find any sign of a ship . they arrive at abin' makeshift grave . pipe stare into it . pipe excavate this . leave the rest as it be . I want he body in D.C. by tonight . a look pass over pipe 's face . be it grief ? ext . J. edgar hoover build , WASHINGTON , d.c . - evening the FBI 's headquarters . nothing good happen here . hector hammond ( prelap ) at the frontoparietal area be a V -shape incision . int . FBI autopsy theatre - night austere and impersonal . add '' scummy '' and you could be talk about dr . hector hammond ( 30 ) , the bespectacle pathologist hover over the corpse of a latino man . hector hammond ( dictating ) there be also five short , jab - type incision at the lateral - most low leave forehead . 28 . hector glance at he hot lab assistant , vanessa ( 20 ) . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) carpe diem , vanessa . ( off she blank look ) Latin . means '' seize the day . '' you never see Dead poet Society ? vanessa | I do not really like old movie . | '' hector hammond great flick . Point be , one second , you be stand on a street corner , mind you own business -- or in this gentleman 's case , sell crystal meth -- when somebody come up from behind and i stab you repeatedly in the cingulate gyrus . who want to die with recrimination , thing they wish they would ' do ... or people ? vanessa ( have : the corpse ) I would rather sleep with this guy . hector 's boss , JOHN broome enter . Broome just might be a even bigger asshole than hector . broome hammond . finish up . someone at stratcom want you to perform a autopsy . hector hammond ( for vanessa 's benefit ) they request I by name ? broome I offer to send they someone good , but they insisted . they have get a chopper pick you up on the roof in five . ext . tom 's garage - evening | | Tom and hal just finish wedge in abin 's ship . its tail stick out the door . from 0.s. come a loud voice : tom' mom ( 0.s. ) Thomas ! what you do back there ? tom | it 's nothing , ma ! we be work ! | hal ( suddenly five again ) hi , Mrs. kalmaku . tom 's mom hi , harold ! you want cake ? I make cake . 29 . hal no thanks , Mrs. K. a door slam , signal she departure . hal ( cont ’d ) you sure you be gonna be okay with this ? tom you just give I a lifetime supply of porn , I be go to be okay forever . be you gonna be okay ? hal sure . I be cool . hal give a trademark grin and head off into the night . int . a nondescript elevator - night go down . hector , blindfolded , stand next to a infantryman wield a m4 machinegun . a silent beat . hector hammond I be not alone in here , be I ? hector hear the infantryman cock he machine gun . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) yeah . do not think so . int . a undisclosed white room - a little later hector be seat , he blindfold remove . pipe ( 0.s. ) what you be about to see , Dr. hammond , be past classified , and above top secret . hector turn to see ... pipe approach . pipe ( cont 'd ) not to mention , highly ... unusual . hector hammond I guess you read my paper on atypical physiologic pathology . it be nominate for a palsberg grant ... almost . pipe you be here because you be the only pathologist I could get clearance for on such short notice . hector go dark as he realize why he be pick . hector hammond one day , I have like to do something for the government that have nothing to do with who my father be . 30 . pipe I ' 1l see what I can do . meantime , I need you to perform a autopsy . pipe bend for a retinal scan . a chime and the wall open ... hector hammond Underground and in secret . who be I autopsy ? Bin Laden ? the president 's clone ? a martian ? pipe I be quite certain he planet of origin be not Mars , but if you can demonstrate otherwise , feel free . pipe lead hector into a huge space . in the center be a glass case . Inside it : he pale magenta corpse of abin sur . hector hammond what the hell be that ? pipe he be ... a friend . and I want to know what kill he . you have three hour . as he exit , pipe stab a button which retract the glass with a pneumatic hiss . hector face the impossible corpse ... int . hal 's loft apartment - night the lantern now sit on hal 's coffee table . hal stare at it . flash CUT back to abin : abin sur place the ring , speak the oath . resume : hal put on the ring . put the ring into the lantern . Music swell and ... um , yeah , nothing . hector hammond ( v.o. ) subject have generalize pallor ... int . undisclosed goverment facility - that moment hector , in a hazmat suit of he own , dictate as he autopsy . ( we tastefully angle hector from the corpse . ) hector hammond ... which could be a tan on he planet . moderate emphysematous change to lung . correction : lung . subject have only one . probably to make room in the chest cavity for he three heart . int . hal 's loft apartment - that moment hal plus lantern equal awkwardness . he attempt : 31 . hal I do solemnly swear to ... pledge allegiance ... to the lantern . in sickness and in health . int . undisclosed government facility - resuming hector 's forcep wrestle with something in abin 's rib . hector hammond '' ribcage '' be actually a pliant cartilaginous membrane . a foreign object appear to have penetrate ... hector remove a piece of shrapnel . it glow a familiar yellow . it 's hypnotic . seductive . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) what. are. you ? we know it 's a friggin 's piece of legion . and a chunk of a alien beast be so not good . hector cross to a guard . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) this hazmat do not shield against radiation . you might want to get a geiger counter in here . the guard 's go faster than you can say '' sterility . '' alone , hector return to the body , remove he facemask . int . hal 's loft apartment - resuming hal , frustrated , turn away , annoyed with the Ring . hal screw this . I be a pilot , not a hobbit -- hal make he way to the kitchen for a much - need beer . as he open the ' fridge , he see a strange GREEN light reflect in the door . hal turn around slowly to see ... GREEN word . hover in the air , emanati lantern . cycle through dozen of alien alphabet not fore settling on ours . hal read , at first barely a whisper : hal ( cont ’d ) '' in brightest Day . in blackest night . '' a line of GREEN ENERGY shoot from the lantern to hal 's ring and up he arm . he read , grow confident : hal ( cont 'd ) '' no evil shall escape my sight . '' int . undisclosed government facility - that moment hector 's face shine in the yellow light . he reach out to touch the piece of legion with he free hand . 32 . hal ( v.0 . ) '' let that who worship evil 's might ... '' hector touch the piece and it explode in golden light , propelling hector across the room and onto the floor . hal ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) '' beware my power ... '' int . hal 's loft apartment - that moment where hal be now bathed in wonderful GREEN light . a sudden , gorgeous explosion of ENERGY pulse out : hal '' GREEN lantern 's light ! '' then ... it 's go . all be normal . like nothing happen . hal look around in stunne silence before be startled by -- knocknocknock ! hal nearly hit the ceiling . still ina daze , he cross to the door and open it -- find -- carol . not in the cocktail dress but nothing to sneeze at . carol let 's get this over with . ( off hal , blank ) the bet ..? dinner ? look , if you do not want to do this -- hal no . no , this be good . I do not think I should be alone right now . int . undisclosed government facility - moment later the Guard kneel at hector 's unconscious body , check for a pulse . he look up to pipe , who peruse hector 's note . armed guard he 's alive , sir . what should we do ? pipe take he home . we be do with he . pipe give a last look to abin . we sense there 's a story ( and perhaps even a prequel ) there . int . beachside restaurant - night Big open window , bigger drink . think gladstone on pch . Carol 's with hal , who seem a million mile away . carol so how do we do this ? do I give you set up line , or do you just start gloat with the entree ? hal I be not really in the mood . | | | | they be at it now . a beat . carol you should be . you always find a way to screw up my life , but sink we business ... unhing a revolution in aviation ... that be classic . hal maybe if you dad could build plane that do not crash -- carol I be curious , what 's Old flame , same argument . 's the statute of limitation on blame my father for everything bad that ever happen to you ? hal not everything . just one thing . carol we all lose something that day . my father lose he best friend . not to mention you brother , or you mom . but we all move on -- hal what do you lose ? carol Excuse I ? hal you say everyone wanna know : what lose something . I do you lose ? she look at he sadly . carol what do not I ? after my dad 's breakdown , my parent split up , the company nearly fold . which lead to I not go away for school . which lead to I miss out on all the thing I want to do with my life . I want to see the world , not just the town I gr ( finally ) life 's full of dis still no excuse to and selfishness . hal if that 's how you bother with I -- carol because ... when I matter what I do , search for he ew up in ... appointment , hal . it 's wallow in self - pity feel why do you even look at you -- no I still see that kid dad 's parachute . 33 . 34 . the mixture of regret and pity hang in the air be too much for either of they . they go back to they meal . carol ( cont 'd ) since when do lobster become impossible to open ? hal carol I will get it for you . it 's okay -- she turn away to grab a waiter . carol ( cont ’d ) waiter -- can I get a cracker , please ? hal reach to help when from the ring come a huge GREEN hammer which smashes her lobster ! splat ! it tape measure back into the ring before she can see . Carol turn back : carol ( cont 'd ) oh , you get it . thanks . hal stare , stunne . he look over to a equally stunned little kid at the next table . hal shoot a look -- do you see that too ? the kid nods -- uh-huh . hal rise . hal sorry , I need the ... excuse I ... over by the bar hal pace by a alcove . on he cell : hal ( cont ’d ) if I be go insane , would I know it ? int . tom 's garage - we intercut Tom 's under the ship , stare into a open panel . tom insane be the tech on this thing ! hal do you hear I , the Ring make a giant Hammer ! either that alien 's from a planet that hate lobster , or this Ring 's make I see thing ! just then , someone big approach hal from behind . voice behind hal hang up the phone . hal ( not turn around ) busy here , bro . voice behind he not too busy to be bang my girlfriend . bro 35 . hal turn to face Jenna 's motherfucking huge boyfriend . and he 's get three motherfucking huge friend with he . hal Tom , I gotta go ... get ... kill . ext . beach - second later close on hal as he 's shove out the door -- m.h.b. peel off he jacket . hal know he 's outnumber and outsize but hal never back down from a fight . hal Fine . you and I . just tell you brain trust there to back off . motherfucking huge boyfriend sure . I ’ma fair guy . what do you say we go punch for punch ? he look -- he buddy grab hal . hal what happen to punch for punch ? motherfucking huge boyfriend I get the first ten . a series of cut : as hal take one across the jaw . bam ! in the gut . bam ! uppercut . cross. bam ! bam ! hal slam down on the sand . spit blood from he lip . and , God bless he , stagger back to he foot . my turn . motherfucking huge boyfriend ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) okay , give it you best shot . it 's a sad sight as hal wind up , then , something come over he . pure will and determination . and from that will ... out of the ring come a ten foot glowing GREEN fist ! it fly at they ! -- punching the three men across they face . they fly back . out cold in the sand . and just as quickly the giant fist zip back into the Ring . hal stare at the Ring . a think pass through he and the ring blossom with light and ... suddenly ... the big GREEN hand be back ! hal stare and ... the GREEN hand move . wave . he 's control it . he think ... it grow bigger ! hal 's eye go wide . what else can this thing do ? on a navigational buoy as it bob two and for on the sea . a beat . then ... wham ! it 's snatch in the grip of a giant GREEN hand . resume hal on the beach 36 . as a tendril of GREEN light arc to the GREEN fist which grip the buoy far off in the distance . hal pull he fist back -- the tendril go taut like a fishing line ... tighter ... until it slingshots hal out towards the ocean ! hal nonononononononono! hal decelerate . come in for a soft stop . a few foot above the water . float in a GREEN aura . hal ( cont 'd ) Ring make I float ! float ! he steady himself , take a wobbly spin leave ... right ... hal look up , smile , and rip into the night sky ! int . beachside restaurant - that moment the little kid from before stare , marvel at the site of GREEN hal weaving between the top of sailboat , mast bob to and for ... from he -- pan over to carol . who still sit . wait for hal . Story of she life . she motion to a waitress , sad . carol just the check please . ext . back over the water - same time hal shoot off towards coast CITY . the aura crackle off he clothes as he soar -- a pilot fly without a jet . martin jordan ( v.o. ) remember , it will fly itself if you let it . int . a cessna 172 - 15 year ago - flashback a twelve year old hal get he first fly lesson . martin jordan just coax it . now pull back on the yoke . get a little height ... ( then , smile ) guess what , kiddo ? you be fly . hal I be fly ? ( realize , freak ) I be fly ! whoooo ... back in the present -- hal fly on . just as thrilled . hal ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) «+-hoooooo0o ! 111 ! over the beach town that raise he ... down a suburban street where he extend that giant hand down to whack all the mailboxe as he rip by . 37 . hal ( cont 'd ) time to open she up . hal aim straight up . the Ring build velocity . hal ( cont 'd ) highball to Tower . commence test flight . altitude be angel five and climb ... the night sky roar past , break atmosphere as the star start to lose they focus -- boom . the sonic cloud fan out around he . but hal 's speed only increase ! he realize he 's not in charge anymore ! hal ( cont 'd ) still climb ! can not abort ! angel eighteen !! approaching extreme altitude and mach ... threeee !!! hal be Pov explode into a kaleidoscope of color and light -- the universe coming at he at speed Einstein be sure be impossible as we ... white out . tiny bump fade in , break up the white . pan down , we realize it 's only the cottage cheese ceiling of : int . hector 's apartment - bedroom - morning where hector lie on the bed nursing the world 's worst hangover . rub he temple . be it all a dream ? int . hector 's apartment - live room - continuous a bachelor pad on a federal salary and no taste . hector grab he glass off the end table . somewhere a man 's voice ( 0.s. ) it 's not my fault you be a idiot . hector look up . who be that ? only no one 's there . int . hector 's apartment - the bathroom - moment later he splashes water on he face . check he eye . somewhere a woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) guess I do not have to shave , not like anyone 's gonna see it ... hector hammond hello ? hector look around . go to put on he glass . but they do not fit . it 's as if the glass have shrink . odd ... 38 . int . hector 's apartment - lobby - minute later hector alight from the elevator -- he 's bent the glass so they fit . he pass he hefty doorman . doorman ' mornin , doc. ( then ) ( just keep walk , jerk . ) hector hammond sorry ? doorman nothin’ . just a nice day . ( then ) ( no Christmas bonus ... cheap bastard . ) the doorman 's lip do not move for the insult . hector wonder if he 's go crazy . he exit to ... ext . a georgetown STREET - continuous where he be assaulted by a cacophony of voice . what a cocktail party in hell must sound like . ( note : from here on , all thought hector hear will be italicize and mark v.o . ) voice # 1 ( v.o. ) voice # 2 ( v.0 . ) I wish this fat ass would I gotta hit the gym move ... tonight ... voice # 3 ( v.o. ) voice # 4 ( v.o. ) never should have give he my why can not my wife look like real number . that ? hector reel . all this inner voice ... it 's agony . the din build and build and we -- hard CUT to : int . hoover build - FBI forensics lab - morning hector storm in , nerve run rag from a unimaginably torturous commute . he push he way through the lab ... female lab tech ( v.o. ) Flirt with I and I will kick you in the nut , I swear . I be so not in the mood . int . FBI toxicology lab - continuous hector slam the door shut . merciful silence . quick cut , hector roll up he sleeve , draw blood . examine it under a microscope , dictating into he recorder ~- hector hammond serology sample indicate some form of contamination ... under the microscope , hector 's red blood cell be stain with that ethereal yellow glimmer . | | | 39 . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) erythrocyte be tinged with a yellow discoloration match ... ( nickel drop ) -.. the color of p the fragment extract from the decease extraterrestrial . he reach over for a BOX of slide . just a few inch past he grasp , but ... it fly into he hand ! hector look shake . do that just happen hector consider , then ... let go of the box . which float in place ! hector grin . what else can I do ? close on : a corpse . as -- it sit up ! zombie-like . reveal : happy hector . lift the body off the slab with he mind -- until -- vanessa ( 0.s. ) hey , hector . just come in to grab the Gonzales toxicology report ... the corpse drop . thud. vanessa turn , see hector . vanessa ( cont ’d ) everything okay ? hector hammond wonderful , actually . vanessa look for the report , lose in she thought : vanessa ( v.o. ) probably look at porn . again . he 's so gross . uck , I wish he have just die . hector hammond ( 0.s. ) careful , vanessa ... startle , vanessa turn to see that hector be stand right behind she . flirtation go . replaced by menace . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) you might say some of that stuff out loud . by accident . vanessa I do not say anything ... hector push she against the wall with the force of he mind -- hold she in place . she 's terrify , but put up a fight . vanessa ( cont 'd ) stop it , hector ! right now ! hector hammond ( hand in the air , '' innocent '' ) stop what ? he advance on she , about to do ... who know what ... until -- 40 . male voice ( 0.s. ) what the hell 's go on in here ?! broome be at the door . hector '' release '' vanessa . hector hammond do not anybody knock anymore ? broome get away from she , hector ! vanessa , get out of here ! vanessa haul ass out of there , but be freeze in she track by a voice inside her head : hector hammond ( v.o. ) let 's keep this we secret , vanessa . nobody like a tattletale . duly horrify , she race out . Broome lay into hector : broome I have laid awake night dream of this moment . ever since you father force we to hire you , you sniveling little turd . sexual assault . not even daddy can get you out of this one . you be finish . Broome turn to leave ... but the door lock . Broome jiggle the knob . nothing . as he turn back : hector hammond actually John , I be just get start . hector move toward Broome , wiping frame , as we go to ... ext . the planet oa a immense long shot of a resplendent aquamarine planet . the tranquility be break by hal shoot out of a wormhole . he skid along the atmosphere like a stone across a pond , until he 's floating in the stratosphere . he look down at oa . then up to see ... sinestro . hover above he . backlit against the oan sun . sinestro welcome to oa . and then hal pass out . int . a HOTEL -type bedroom - later hal startle awake . startles further when he see he wear the green and black lantern uniform . he 's even wear the famous domino mask ( he pupil a gossamer white ) . sinestro lean against a wall , amused . hal be I back home ? | 41 . sinestro in the grand sense , yes . first ringflight triggers a manual return here to oa for training . hal so I be still in ... ( look around ; beat ) why do outer space look like a Hyatt ? sinestro wave at a panel which make the room warp , to a strange alien design and back again . it 's a hologram . sinestro I think a familiar aesthetic might ease you transition . hal not unless there 's a fully stock mini - bar . who be you ? sinestro thaal sinestro . protector of sector fourteen -- hal '' fourteen - seventeen , home to 8012 galaxy , 40328 sentient species '' -- ( stop , realize ) that be not in elementary school . why do my brain know that ? sinestro a maiden voyage to oa be taxing . we take advantage of you rest to accord you certain benefit . int . corp induction facility - flashback hal float naked in midair , he head bath in a green glow . Green lasers beam directly into hal 's retinas . sinestro ( v.0 . ) knowledge of all universal sector , include you own , sector 2814 , have be place in you cerebral cortex . jump CUT to : hal 's body , spin as thick swatch of green , black and white fly on to suit he form . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) you have notice you uniform , which designate you as one of we number . hal 's head . the green domino mask be crystallize right on he , turn he eye white . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the mask be protocol , require to be wear by all lantern from planet still ignorant of life on other world ... 42 . sinestro ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) few lantern wear they . int . fancy HOTEL -type bedroom - resuming sinestro move towards the door , which evaporate to allow he passage . even they '' door '' blow hal ( and we ) away . sinestro come . cadet arrive at oa with much to learn . you even more so . be from gaia give you certain disadvantage . hal gaia ? you mean ... Earth ? sinestro be that what you call it now ? do you all still believe the planet be flat ? hal we have get that work out now , thanks . sinestro 's go . unable to resist , hal wave at the panel . the hologram flutter in and out . off hal , just beginning to comprehend this be actually happen ... int . the great hall - oa - moment later a place for that who fly more than walk . GREEN lantern of limitless variety fly and shoot and joke around . the building in the distance be tall as mountain . liquid tower of live silver . the emerald City of Oz be a dump by comparison . sinestro notice hal 's awe : sinestro I have see sight in this Universe to make the blindest eye water , and I can tell you ... there be nothing to compare with oa . hal be strike silent . tomar - re approach . tomar -re ah . we newest recruit . he look ... warm - blooded . I be tomar - re , choose protector of sector 2813 , sector nearest to you own . hal can not get over the site of a fish -man talk . hal pretty convenient you all speak English . tomar -re ( he top fin ruffle ) I speak chkgqrvchk . the ring translate 98 percent of the universe 's know linguistic form . surprisingly , you English be among they . 1 43 . sinestro you ring be the most powerful weapon in the universe . int . the training arena - oa - moment later Corps member train . a elegant ballet as they conjure a endless variety of weapon . like samurai run through morning exercise . hal watch , boyhood fantasy blow away . sinestro ( v.0 . ) its construct be limited only by you imagination . its strength limited only by you will . hal turn to what look like a pile of struggle gl . hal what be they fight ? sinestro you instructor . killowog . the gl suddenly go flying in all direction , have be throw off by killowog , a gargantuan rhino-creature . he lumber over . look down on hal from ten foot high -- killowog so you be the poozer from 2814 . ( sniff ) you smell funny . ( lean in close , heheheh ) we be gonna have fun training you . we be not sure if hal will ever speak again . sinestro ( v.o. ) the Ring 's power come from the Central battery . ext . the central battery - oa - moment later High atop a opaline plinth stand the central battery ( from we open ) . majestic . enormous . crackling with energy . sinestro ( v.0 . ) it fuel every lantern , which in turn fuel every ring . lantern fly around and up to it , charge they ring with the formality of the righteous on pilgrimage to holy ground . find hal and sinestro below , minute in comparison . hal so this be what make all that ... green . sinestro Green ... the light you see , be only a manifestation of what you mind cannot comprehend . 44 , hal you lose I at '' manifestation . '' sinestro all life be connect . by love , by hope , by all the noblest instinct of the soul . this be the center of that connection . the power draw from that connection be what you see simply as '' green . '' ( gesture to the battery ) all that power ... collect , channel , here deliver . entrust to we . we can tell hal be daunt by the grandeur of it all . sinestro ( cont 'd ) come , let we pay we respects . sinestro motion toward a wait line of lantern . all manner of creature assemble before a magenta - skinned woman . abin 's widow , liana . regal in she sadness . she see they approach . break ceremony she go straight to hal . liana you bear my husband 's ring . hal do not know how to answer . liana ( cont 'd ) you see he . you be with abin sur when he die . hal yes . liana a thousand year together and a thousand more take from we . hal can see the pain of loss . he know it too well . hal he tell I ... to tell you he love you . with he last breath . this word give she more comfort than the hundred of well - wisher . she restrain a well - spring of emotion . liana you wear the ring of a fine soldier . there be many who will miss he . even more who owe he thanks . do it justice . ext . the central battery - moment later as hal and sinestro re-enter , hal study the battery closer now . a mixture of emotion cascade over he . sinestro you lie to she and think it kind . you be human . 45 . hal touch the base wall of the battery , as he do he ring flicker . a hologram manifest , a rotate corp symbol . hal um ... be it suppose to do that ? sinestro a fall lantern will sometimes dictate a final transmission , to reveal itself before the Central battery -- sinestro wait . the logo flicker into the face of ... legion ! ferociously attacking abin ! we be re-watching abin 's spacefight with legion as a giant GREEN hologram . abin sur 's voice this be abin sur -- I have see what hunt we -- legion -- it life -- int . the citadel - oa sinestro stand beside hal , project abin 's message for the guardian to see . the horrible hologram replays on a loop . abin sur 's voice the ring hold no effect , no defense -- you must take action . legion be real . sinestro '' legion be real . '' the die word of we most noble soldier . he point to the image of the snarling hellbeast . sinestro ( cont 'd ) legion -- take its revenge for offense long forget to all but itself ... and ou , the guardian of we Universe . a guardian ( v.o. ) what be it you desire , thaal sinestro ? sinestro a Golden Light to match legion 's . if we enemy command such power , we must too ! a guardian ( v.o . ) it be agree action must be take . another guardian ( v.o. ) Gather you lantern . seek the beast out and contain it . a guardian ( v.0 . ) return with legion defeat . and we will consider you request . sinestro be far from sate with they answer . 46 . a guardian ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have faith in you , thaal sinestro . and in the lantern at you side . hal take one last look at legion ... which be currently roaring in he face , as we hard CUT to : int . the great hall - oa hal storm out , move somewhere , anywhere -- sinestro we be give leave to find legion . hal you be . I be go home . if you be ever near gaia , pop over , we will grab a drink . sinestro you be a member of the Corps now . you take a oath . hal I recite a poem float in my apartment ! it do not make that giant spacemonster my problem . sinestro the Ring choose you , hal . hal the Ring make a mistake ! sinestro ring do not make mistake . lantern do . hal and I have make a million of ‘em . trust I . ( then , be : he Ring ) look , I have a good life before this show up . before rhino instructor and purple widow , who quite frankly make I feel really guilty . this whole alien army deal ... it 's not my thing . sinestro legion be in you sector , hal . in you home system . if any trace of that demon fall to you planet along with abin ... it will ravage you homeworld like a cancer . a look cross hal 's face . be it worry ? he catch himself . hal see , the Ring do make a mistake . because another guy -- he would care . ext . transport BAY - oa hal 's 's on a platform . tomar - re and sinestro instruct he . 47 . tomar -re leave ? well , the Ring adhere to you will . '' simply will yourself home . hal where do I fedex it when I be do ? sinestro the Ring have select you . it be yours until you fall in battle . or elsewhere . ( a little grim ) we await you return , hal Jordan . hal give a nervous look -- then lighting up in he GREEN aura ... rocket up into the oan sky ! sinestro ( cont ’d ) ( turn to go ) Gather we brethren , tomar , strengthen they heart . Battle await . ext . a west virginia farm - day a desolate stretch of West Virginia farmland . a cabin next to a run-down barn . a grey sky hang overhead . hector hammond ( v.0 . ) '' Transcendental ability testing . Day 2 , hour 16 . '' int . the hammond barn - day hector pace the barn surround by hay and empty stall . he document into a digital recorder , a scientist 's dispassion : hector hammond '' telekinetic manipulation show no elemental limitation , include all object , both material ... a bright red apple float out of a bushel full of they . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) '' , .. and organic . Weight or size do not appear to be factor . '' he look up to see Broome dangle in mid-air above he . the apple float onto a tatter and cut Broome 's head . broome please let I go , hector ! we can forget this whole thing ever happen -- !! hector hammond shhhh . work here , John . Science be we only refuge in the face of the incredible ... hector lift a pair of sharp garden shear with he mind . 48 . broome do not kill I , please ! hector hammond kill you ? we be bestest buddy , John . we just make one of the most profound discovery in the history of pathology . and he pitch the shear -- they fly -- Broome squint and -- thunk ! it land in the apple ! phew . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) '' rim seem to be get better . '' hector think , Broome 's arm move . a human marionette . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) '' with minimal concentration , I can maintain complete gross motor control . hector dictate as Broome rise higher to the rafter -- hector hammond ( cont 'd ) '' it 's a bit like animate a puppet . a big dumb puppet you have want to throttle every day for year . '' Broome try to plead for he life . but all of a sudden find he can not speak . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) '' although I can control the subject 's jaw and tongue , effort at create speech have prove ... '' broome hector hammond grorl . '' , .. disappoint . '' Broome gurgle he fear . hector 's cell phone ring . enough to snap he concentration ... Broome plummet to the ground . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) ( into phone ) hello ? I can not today . tell he I be in the country ... fine. I x11 come in . hector snap the phone off . he look over to see ... Broome . float a inch above the ground . unharm . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) we be go to have to cut this short . it seem I have to pay my father a visit . good work today , buddy . as he let Broome drop the final inch , smash to : int . WASHINGTON , d.c . - capitol build - day Architecture that exude the dependability we leader do not . | | | ! 49 . aide ( prelap ) sign here , Senator . int . senator 's office - day capacious , complete with a '' ego wall . '' we recognize the man behind the battleship-size desk as the senator from we open sabre demo . a aide wait as the Senator finish signing some document . hector wait nearby , less patient . aide thank you , Senator . the aide take document and exit -- senator hammond sorry to make you wait . hector hammond no problem , dad . not like I have get anything better to do . and we realize this be senator hammond . hector 's father . he produce a ticket clipped to a flier . senator hammond here . ferris field in Coast City . they invite I to fly -- a slab of butter to get I to sign off on a huge appropriation request . but any chance to show I have still get some move . hector hammond ( off the flier ) a air show ? I do not know they still have this . senator hammond ( get to it ) so. you lab call . you have not show up for work in day . hector hammond just take some personal time . trust I , my boss know all about it . hector concentrate , read he father 's thought : senator hammond ( v.o. ) another job you will be fire from . hector try to hide he pain -- the pain of confirm what he 's always suspect he father think about he . senator hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) all of life 's opportunity , and you be such a disappointment . ( the final knife ) how be it possible you be my son ? | 50 . hector turn away , try to hide he torment . spit out -- hector hammond Air show and truancy . do we cover everything ? senator hammond since you be on vacation , maybe you can make it tomorrow ? the Senator clap hector on the shoulder , demonstrate the limit of he affection . hector hammond would not miss it , dad . you know how I love to watch you fly . ext . space - a wide shot of earth a kh-10 satellite float into view . we hear a warp speed whoosh accompany by a GREEN flash as -- hal come out of warp speed , inelegantly skidding to a stop like it 's he first day on a snowboard . he look down to the vomit-induc view of the Earth . hal ( to the Ring ) good ... space - fly , Ring . but home be a little further -- and hal bullet to farth . the Satellite toddle in he wake . hal ( cont ’d ) -- dooocowwwwwwwwnnnnnn... carol ( prelap ) where be he ? it 's two in the afternoon . ext . ferris aircraft - by a hangar - day where Carol lay into Tom -- carol that 's late even by hal standard . behind Carol , hal descend in full uniform . she miss it , but Tom get a full on holy shit view of hal 's landing . tom um , I think he just pull up . Carol turn to follow Tom 's gaze ... but hal 's uniform recrystalize back into he regular clothes . hal hey , Carol . sorry about last night . I kinda have to ... take off -- 51 . carol save it . I be sure wherever you have to go be more interesting . Carol storm out . hal shake he head . Tom be slackjaw . tom you do not just fly here . ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - continuous a wide variety of vintage aircraft be line up . Delta wing , F - 16C , warbird , etc . Carol march past they , head still full of steam , as hal race to catch up -- hal Carol ... how can you walk so fast in heel ? Carol , I have explain but -- carol it 's not hard to figure out . we have we first serious conversation in year and you 12 year - old brain could not take it so you bolt . by this point , they have arrive at a trio of f-16c fighting falcons . Three pilot descend , one from each cockpit . hal what be the Three douch do here ? carol the air show 's tomorrow . they be make sure the Senator 's F - 16 be flight -ready . hal you be let that geezer in a falcon ? carol well , that be not exactly plan a , but it turn out one of my pilot screw the pooch on the flight demo . meaning hal . who look over the line of aircraft , eager . hal so which one of this bad boy be mine ? carol well , let 's see ... not this one . or this one . not this one either ... that 's the thing about be ground , you stay on the ground . Gas ‘em up . she walk off . the douch crack up . hal shake he head , can not win ... then spot a way for he day to get worse : in the parking lot he beloved mustang hang from a tow truck . a corpse . hal walk to it . Tom approach . he flip hal the mustang keys . | i | | | I 52 . tom you be welcome by the way -- nine hour drive to Arizona , no big deal . no reason to reward that kinda loyalty by maybe tell I what the hell happen to you . hal I go to they home planet . the less say about the whole thing the better . hal deposit the Ring in the beat -up glove compartment . tom ( as hal walk off ) that 's fine . keep it to yourself . I be sure there 's absolutely nothing cool about alien in outer space . smash to : thousand of lantern . some big , some small , some furry -- but you would not want to fuck with any of they . ext . half -moon coliseum - oa - night a enormous coliseum under a star-flecked sky . the meeting hall of the Corps . sinestro stand before thousand , he ring conjure image of four lantern overhead . sinestro ( 0.s . ) fellow lantern . today we mourn the loss of we finest . four of we brethren strike down by a single terror : legion . the four image converge into one larger image of legion . sinestro ( cont ’d ) do not deny the truth of you own eye . legion be no myth . this image come from the ring of abin sur himself . proof of the unthinkable : the lose sector have be breach . legion roam free . and it have a taste for you death . alone we can not defeat it . but we be not one lantern . ( a warrior ' 's cry ) we! be ! the corp ! cheer erupt . sinestro ring conjure he trademark scimitar . other lantern also conjure they own individual weaponry . sinestro ( cont 'd ) together ... we light shine with the will of all that life . together we will search every star in every sector of the Universe until we enemy be within we grasp ! and together -- ext . a wide shot of the planet oa more cheer as lantern shoot off the planet and in the direction of they 3600 sector . lighting up the night sky . | 53 . sinestro ( v.0o . ) -- we will be victorious ! as sinestro himself shoot toward camera . krak -koom ! a sonic boom quake . wiping US to -- ext . ferris aircraft - dusk Stadium -like bleacher have replace the homespun car - in - field arena from fifteen year ago . but the crowd be no less enthusiastic as a quartet of warbird perform . on nathan , somehow bob head and shoulder above the thick crowd . he glance down , as if talk to someone below -- nathan why be not you fly today , uncle hal ? reveal Nathan be perch on uncle hal 's shoulder . hal Inner ear infection . they walk past the huge stage in front of the bleacher . the audience erupt with applause as senator hammond stride up the stair and into one of the f-16c falcon we see earlier . announcer ( over speaker ) -- three - time winner of the Flying Cross and record -holder for most spacewalk , Senator Robert hammond ! as he return the applause with a conquer hero 's wave -- hector hammond ( v.o. ) fly safe , dad . the Senator turn around . who say that ? he look , only there 's no one there ... but a hundred yard away ... by a concession stand hector watch . a piece of popcorn float neatly into he mouth . he smile , take he place in the stand ... int . control tower - ferris aircraft - dusk we see the senator be jet at the center and head of a elaborate formation . the man can fly . Carol , Carl , and Tom at the control . hal ( miff ) and Nathan ( transfix ) watch from the window . Carl key he headset . carl ferris how 's it feel to be back in the saddle , Senator ? senator hammond ( over radio ) like riding a bike . with 40000 pound of thrust strapped to it . | i | 1 | ' | { | | 54 . carol you boy ready for the chandelle ? pilot # 1 ( over radio ) Roger tower . prepare chandelle . hal a chandelle ? you have think a guy who 's looped the space shuttle could fly without training wheel . Carol shoot hal a dagger -stare . back into she headset : carol at least he 's fly . and set up for a knife - edge pass . hal butter knife . nathan ( quietly , to hal ) if you treat she nicer , maybe she have let you fly . hal you just sum up woman in general , little man . the three falcons split out of they three - man formation . hal shake he head , disapprove . back to Nathan : hal ( cont ’d ) see that ? they should 'a be at ninety degree before come out of formation . in the stand hector furrow he brow . a grin spread as he concentrate . in the senator' falcon the plane rattle slightly . the Senator grip the joystick with two hand . it resist he ... just a little ... the three falcons barrel roll around and speed towards each other . hal see something in the move that trouble he . hal ( cont ’d ) Carol -- carol yes , hal , I know . you could have do it better . 55 . hal well , yeah , but look -- falcon Three 's shimmy a bit . the senator be fight he control now . they have jamme on he . hector grin , enjoy this . the first time in he life he 's control he father . the senator' falcon shudder as it rocket towards the other two jet . hal turn from the window , to Carol , as the three jet angle they wing , ready to pass each other dangerously close . hal ( cont 'd ) ( urgent ) the move 's not come off right . get ‘em to throttle down . before Carol can respond -- senator hammond ( over radio ) something 's wrong , tower . control be not respond . you see this ? they do now , as the senator 's falcon clip the wing of the other two jet , send they spinning out of control ! on hector hector hammond oops . back in the tower pilot # 1 ( over radio ) pilot # 2 ( over radio ) mayday ! mayday ! Holy hell ! hal 's heart stop . he do not hear the pilot but instead : martin jordan ( v.0 . ) Tower , I get a flameout in the starboard engine ! over ! Nathan look to he uncle . but just like that fateful day , hal have already bolt -- out the door . martin jordan ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I be push she to the runway . I can do it ! I can do it ! 56 . stay with hal as he power down the stair , take they three at a time , just like he do at twelve . in fact -- with each footfall , we alternate flashcut to Young hal bound down that same stair , until he explode out to -- ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - continuous hal smashes through the door , foot pound straight past hector -- who smile , as -- the three falcons corkscrew through the sky . falcon 1 blaze directly toward -- the bleacher terror from the crowd as the wayward jet missile at they ! back with hal -- he childhood trauma be relive . only this time he 's no helpless kid . he 's a rocket on foot , pounding to he bust mustang . he reach for the glove compartment -- only the fuck thing be jamme shut ! hal c’moni !! c’mon !!! c’mon !!! falcon 1 grow ever larger in frame , casting a shadow over the crowd ! back with hal -- as he rip the compartment open ! stay on he face to see it bathed in that brilliant GREEN light ... it 's time . back in the bleacher with the terrify audience as falcon 1 grow even closer -- on top of we now , fiery death second away -- when -- the jet freeze mid-flight ! wrapped in a GREEN force field . Close enough to they head to touch . one of they do . poke . stun silence as they look up , past the levitate jet to see he ... World , meet : the gree ! for people go ballistic ! cheering with a welcome worthy of the legendary hero hal just became ! hector go slack - jaw at the incredible sight ... the world just get a lot more interesting . he stare as -- hal 's ring -- set falcon 1 down on the tarmac . the crowd 's on its foot now , applaud . but it be not over yet , as -- falcon 2 spiral its way overhead . a GREEN bolt of light flare from where the Green lantern just stand , as -- | | | | | | i t | i i i i | | i 57 . inside the cockpit , the senator scream . unable to eject ... the GREEN bolt of light race the runaway jet -- blindingly fast , outpace it -- until the green blast morph into -- a huge net . which catch the falcon ! it pull taut , strain . the shot run the length of the net to its source : the GREEN lantern , pull with all he strength . it nearly yank he shoulder from they socket . back with hector -- concentrate on he father 's falcon , fight against Green lantern 's amazing strength -- and lose . pain surge through hector 's body ~- as he '' push '' harder with he power -- but -- Green lantern have the falcon secure . the strain become too much for hector -- and the buildup of he power be released ! firing out in a wave -- which blindside falcon 3 . the jet be suddenly propelled with the full force of hector 's mind . the pilot eject -- but -- falcon 3 crash into the base of the control tower ! a massive explosion of jet fuel ! a scream of torture metal as the tower lurch forward ! defeat , hector duck into the crowd , instinctively grab he head in pain to quell the mount pain , as -- inside the tower the room pitch forward . Nathan fly towards the observation window -- now perpendicular to the ground -- smash ! the window fracture ... spider - webbing under he weight ... but do not break ! on falcon 2 as it skid gently onto the tarmac . the GREEN net tape measure back into gl 's Ring . but there 's no time to celebrate as he blaze towards the tower . inside the tower Nathan keep low , precarious , like crawl on thin ice . carol stay there , Nathan ! no think to she own safety , Carol climb onto the glass to get he ! crack spindle even further . she reach out and ... heave Nathan up , over to safety -- but ... the momentum catapult she forward ... further on to the sloooowly shatter window ... and -- through it ! carol fall to the fiery ground below ! second become millisecond . death 's arm open wide , until -- GREEN lantern catch she ! holding she close as he zip she away from the rush ground . 58 . GREEN lantern ( pitching he voice ) easy , miss . carol be I dead ? GREEN lantern ( um , something a '' hero '' would say ) not on my watch . she clutches gl even tighter . which he do not mind one bit . carol we be fly -- GREEN lantern it get better . and in one fluid motion , gl whip around , ring blaze to project a giant hand that push the lean tower upright ! a second blast fuse the metal at the base . the tower stabilize . on carol -- who can not believe it all . for the first time in hal 's life , someone look at he like a hero . it feel good . so do the roar from the euphoric crowd below as the GREEN lantern fly off with Carol on he arm over they head and into the night sky . brilliant green against midnight blue . int . airfield bathroom - moment later slam ! hector stumble to the sink . his hand press to he throbbing forehead in electric pain . a gale - force migraine burrow into he brain . he reach to splash water on he face , but can not make it , slumping to the floor . something be happen to he ... he head ... he howl in pain as he glass SNAP off he face ! it 's too much -- he pass out . as we push in on hector , the vein in he head pulsing sickeningly , CUT to : ext . the sky over the beach - moment later gl fly into view . Carol in he arm . they glide towards the coast . he land softly on the sand beside she . carol who ... be you ? GREEN lantern sorry . no name on the first flight . maybe next time . the emerald aura do a slow creep up he uniform . the Green lantern slowly float upward . Carol call after he : 59 . carol next time ? as he disappear into the sky . a green rocket . and savior . carol ( cont 'd ) ... then I x11 see you again ? ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - later Fire truck siren illuminate the night and paramedics help shell - shocked patron . everyone too work up to notice the whisp of GREEN light zipping down behind a hangar . a beat later , hal walk out , casual . Carl wheel around towards he , a little accusatory ... carl ferris where be you , Jordan ? hal sorry . I have to get out of there . it be a little too ... familiar , y'know ? Tom come over , Nathan in tow , buzzing with excitement . nathan uncle-hal-oh-my-god-did-you-see-it-was-so cool -there-was-a-flying-guy-who-came - in -- whoosh -- with-this-kickass - green-suit-and -- ptchoo-ptchoo--shot-laser -beams-out - of he -fist -- tom ( to hal ; sotto ) dude , seriously , I be run out of way to be jealous of you . nathan and phshoo--- he-save - everyone - even - the pilot - and - flew-off --shoom ! hal ( to Nathan ) calm down , flyboy . catch you breath . a series of cut : as hal walk Nathan home ... nathan do you think he 's a alien or mutant or both ? or maybe he 's a regular guy who get he power from a nuclear accident ! as Nathan brushes he tooth . hal watch ... nathan ( cont ’d ) wait then there would be radiation from all he laser beam and everybody he save '' grow like extra arm or a third eye ! 60 . as hal put Nathan to bed ... nathan ( cont 'd ) maybe he get he power from he suit so anybody who wear it have be able to fly around ! what do you think , uncle hal ? hal ( spitballing ) maybe he 's one of 3600 space police who work for blue-skinned alien and patrol the universe use they power ring . Nathan look at hal like that 's the dumbest idea in history . hal ( cont 'd ) you be right , must be nuclear . int . jim jordan be house - live room - a little later hal walk downstairs to find he mother , watch the news . hal Jim and Nancy be not back yet ? helen jordan stuck in traffic . there 's still a lot of media at the air field and the looky - loos be clogging up the highway . on the tv : grainy footage of Green lantern fly over the crowd as capture by someone 's cell phone camera . helen jordan ( cont ’d ) it have to be a stunt . like how they make the statue of Liberty disappear . hal yeah . gotta be . helen jordan ( but ... ) what if it 's not ? what if -- what if he 's some kind of , what do Nathan call it ? super-person ? hal super-hero , Mom . helen jordan could you imagine ? if it 's all real . that someone like that be real . as they watch the footage of hal as gl , helen wish aloud : helen jordan ( cont 'd ) it would have be nice if there have be someone like that around fifteen year ago , would not it ? we push in on hal . the think land hard on he . i { 61 . broadcaster # 1 ( prelap ) another tragedy today ... int . hal 's loft apartment - night hal lie in he couch , tv remote in hand . Channel surfing . try to let the grow think pass without action . broadcaster ( on tv ) ... Shots exchange over the tense border kill 18 guardsman and wound ... the channel jump through from one news network to the next -- each one pain hal more -- each one make he feel more deeply the need to do something . various broadcaster ( on tv ) eight gotham teenager arrest after filming the beat of another teen ... ( jump to ) «-- Coast Guard at St. roch say a father and son be presume drown after they fishing boat capsize ... ( jump to ) ... Fighting continue in corto maltese , where missile ... each change of the channel bring more death , destruction ... a last broadcaster ( on tv ) at least 48 people have be kill and 176 wounded since Sunday ... until he can take no more . hal grab what he need to make it all better . the lantern . int . ferris aircraft - hangar - night reminiscent of we open because it 's exactly the same hangar . now completely empty . hal walk inside , the lantern dangle from he fist . the ramjet dissolves into translucent view . and Martin Jordan . and a young hal . ghost from the past ... martin jordan -.- every now and then , if you be really lucky , something choose you . when that happen , there 's no fight it . the memory fade -- and with it the doubt behind hal 's eye . int . the hammond cabin - same time the senator play on the tv . senator hammond ( on tv ) I spend my entire career be call a hero and think I deserve it . I have never be so humble as I be today , see what a real hero look like . 62 . the screen suddenly fracture . as we watch the tv be smashed apart , to bit , then to dust , as if by a ghost of some powerful petulant child ( or a more powerful hector ) -- hector hammond ( 0.s. ) of course . someone 's get to be more than human to finally impress you . well , he 's not the only one ... reveal hector . the proportion of he head different than before . bigger . ever so slightly monstrous . he 's change . int . barn - second later hector enter to find Broome bound to a nearby post . hector hammond good news , John , you have be promote . from lab rat to accomplice . Broome look at he captor with renew horror . as he 's ripped away from he post ... int . ferris aircraft - sub - basement - day a hatch open , daylight reveal a subterranean space . tom ( 0.s. ) fallout shelter . right below runway 2 actually . be all full of can food and bottled water ... I eat the beef jerky and chuck the rest . hal and Tom descend the staircase to find ... abin 's ship . Tom 's make certain ... modification . like a aeronautical collage . Tom show it off : tom ( cont ’d ) the combustion chamber be totally shot . the jet vane be torque . do not even get I start on what thruster control look like ... hal so you turn it into ... frankenship ? tom I try to find replacement part , but the Apple store be all out . ( then , quieter ) so . you really want to do this ? ( beat ) this Ring choose I for a reason . maybe if I do some good I x11 figure out what that reason be . Tom smile . a little proud . maybe more than a little . i { ! | 63. tom so what do we do first ? hal first , we charge . tom charge ? hal ( hold up the lantern ) '' in brightest Day ... " on Tom , the blaze of GREEN reflect off he face and make he cover he eye . we music swell , and ... high in the sky , the rise SUN flaring behind he , the GREEN lantern rocket towards camera , a new focus in he eye ... news broadcast ( v.o . ) ( overlap ) -- report be start to come out of San Francisco -- start to come out of Boston -- ext . a los angele freeway - day a van in a high speed police chase . gl land on the roof . giant GREEN hand reach inside , start toss out bad guy ... news broadcast ( v.o . ) -- fawcett City -- Star City -- ext . a los angele police station - day the criminals from the freeway chase , smushed together in a GREEN net . gl take off before the cop can offer thanks . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- report of a fly man -- ext . space ~ another galaxy sinestro whip past frame . follow by a army of lantern . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- some kind of hero , people be say -- the phalanx of lantern move in unison into a dive , plummete towards ... legion . the battle be join ! news broadcast ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) -- say they have never see anything like this before -- ext . chicago - day a tower inferno . smoke billow out from fifty - story window . gl swoops in , Ring blaze . 64 . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- wild speculation about who he be -- int . federation bank - day Broome enter , move towards the teller window with fitful , jag step as if under some external control . and he be . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- some concern that he should not be trust -- Broome pass security cameras as they shatter in succession . up to the window , where the teller smile sweetly . broome it 's not I . it 's he . he 's control I . Broome pass a note . she read it : '' this be a robbery . do what the voice say . '' she put the note down . frightened . bank teller who be ? what voice , Sir ? hector hammond ( v.o. ) this one . off the teller , eye wide with realization and terror ... news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- authority be worried that if he turn to crime -- ext . chicago - resuming three GREEN chute spring from gl 's Ring , coiling around each other like DNA as people slide to safety . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- there 's no tell what he could do . a gesture and a huge GREEN tube suck the blaze out of the building , cyclone it harmlessly into mid-air . hector hammond ( prelap ) lady and gentleman . you attention please . int . federation bank - resuming jump CUT around the bank , hearing hector 's telepathic voice echo hellishly , like a p.a. system underwater -- hector hammond ( v.0 . ) this be a bank robbery . gun fly from the holster of the Bank 's two security guard , instantly kneecapping they both . instant panic . 65 . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) please stop scream . I be try to concentrate here . only one customer hold calm , casually fill out a deposit slip , smile . of course , it 's hector . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) on the floor . everyone . one of the gun spin in the air , cover the bank patron . the other zip straight over to Broome at the teller window -- broome ( plead , impotent ) please . empty the safe . news broadcast ( v.0o . ) -- the kind of power never before see -- ext . over earth - day the International Space Station . one of its module have break off . it tumble towards camera , drag a astronaut by he tether . as the astronaut and module spin into infinity ... gl rocket out of the atmosphere . to the rescue . news broadcast ( v.0o . ) -- like some fantasy -- a GREEN beam secure the wayward module , reeling it back in towards the station , but ... the beam start to flicker . then ... cut out as the Ring pulse three time . news broadcast ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) -- some be speculate if there 's any limit to he power -- GREEN lantern ( to astronaut ) one second , okay ? i’1l be right back . ext . fallout shelter - moment later Green lantern swoops inside to find Tom . hold up he Ring . GREEN lantern running low on gas . Tom hold up the lantern in response . ext . INTERNATIONAL space station - moment later gl , fully recharge , return -- much to the astronaut 's relief . GREEN tendril sprout from the ring , reining in the astronaut and the loose module . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- right now , it seem infinite -- gl shoot off , stay with the curtain of star and CUT to : 66 . ext . space - resuming sinestro and the Corps in a pitch battle against legion . and they be lose . lantern fall right and leave , that already dead tumble silently in the weightlessness of space . news broadcast ( v.0 . ) -- it seem as if no one or no thing could ever defeat he -- int . carol be office - day Carol be watch a tv broadcast of gl , edge of she seat . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- across the globe -- all around the world , people be stand in silent amazement -- el sorprender -- stupéfier -- ext . darfur , africa - day Green lantern lower two cargo hold 's worth of food crate onto the sprawling desert use a massive GREEN forklift . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- terrify -- estarrecido -- int . carol 's office - day Carol watch Green lantern 's Darfur heroism on the tv , cheering like a sport fan . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- amazing -- amaze -- ext . sky - magic a green flash streak overhead , racing twilight . news broadcast ( v.o. ) -- and life on we little planet will never be the same ... ext . ferris aircraft - evening gl glide down and over . it 's dark , save for a single light shine from one lone window . gl smile . who else ? int . carol 's office - same time Carol work late . a knock interrupt she . only it 's not the door . Carol pull the shade to reveal : GREEN lantern right outside she window . odd when you consider she office be five storey up . he wave with the giant Hand . Carol wave back . the giant Hand point up . to ... 67 . ext . rooftop - ferris aircraft - minute later Carol step out to the roof . where Green lantern hover , aura enclose , a few foot above the roof . GREEN lantern I hope it 's okay . come back here . when there be not a disaster . Carol light up like Christmas . it be . carol I be glad . I want to see you , I do not know how . you do not have a signal to shoot in the sky ? maybe a phone number ? gl just smile . he 's try hard not to say too much , or give anything away . carol ( cont 'd ) no , I guess guy who float all the time do not have cell phone . GREEN lantern I walk too . his foot touch the ground . the aura around he fade . carol so you be still ... a person ? but how to you do ... all that ? she mime -- giant Hand . gl raise he ring hand . GREEN lantern this . it can make anything . ( off she wonder ) anything I can imagine . gl demonstrate . suddenly , hang in the air in front of she , be a beautiful light - statue of carol . spin slowly in place . Lovely . how he see she . Carol take it in . carol lucky I look good in green . ( then ) that must be nice . anything you can imagine and it come to life ... anywhere you want to go and you can fly there . GREEN lantern you have get a hangar full of plane with you name on they . you can fly . carol not like you . I have ... responsibility here . I can not just go jetting off to Venice for the first time right now . GREEN lantern so you have never be ? 68 . carol me? nope . for a girl who fly a lot I have never be anywhere . GREEN lantern Tokyo ? ( shake she head '' no '' ) Paris ? Carol go quiet . sad . carol I always think , you should never see Paris alone ... and I count on the wrong people to take I . regret on gl 's face . another failure as hal . one more thing he can repair as the lantern . he hold out a hand . GREEN lantern c'mon ... he lead she to the roof 's limit . right up to the scary ledge . Long way down . GREEN lantern ( cont ’d ) it 's okay . take my hand . ( she step forward ) Close you eye . trust I . Carol do . then be light with GREEN light as gl use he ring to lift she up ... then unexpectedly down ... to ground level -- GREEN lantern ( cont ’d ) now ... open . she do . open she eye to see -- paris -- a perfect replica -- remade on the tarmac ! the CITY of light , wrought in GREEN light . he 's make it all for she . the champ -elysies ... Notre Dame ... the roiling seine ... the eiffel Tower tower over it all ! the giant Hand gently lift Carol ... and set she down atop the glow '' Arc de triomphe . '' she have a perfect vista view of the sprawling unreal . CUT to : a police sketch of the lead suspect in the federation Bank robbery , look a lot like Broome , rest on the desk in : int . undisclosed facility - pipe 's office - night pipe pick up a FBI personnel file . a file photo of Broome . compare it to the sketch . yup , same guy . not good ... int . underground lab - moment later pipe enter . we hear a thump . and we see -- 69 . a large glass dome . another thump from inside . something rattling around inside the dome . pan down to reveal it 's fill with : SMALL cage . each cage housing a white lab mouse . thump -- a cage fly up . thump -- a piece of cheese fling out . the mice be making thing levitate ! just like hector . pipe look to a sealed container inside , filled with yellow light -- glow with legion 's bilious hue . we understand now : they have be experiment . pipe pick up a phone -- pipe find Senator hammond . pan over the mouse to find a sedentary one . it 's not hard to see why it do not move : its forehead be grotesquely huge . without move , the mouse crush its steel bowl into a ball . pipe ( cont 'd ) tell he we have a situation . off this glimpse of hector 's future ... flash of white ! ext . smithsonian national AIR & space museum - night SNAP ! SNAP ! flashbulb pop like firework as vip , fop , and plus-one stride a red carpet in black tie and ball gowns . a fabulous washingtonian event . a slick porsche tear up front and CENTER . hector alight . look like the million buck he steal . a smoking hot date on he arm . the best money can ( and do ) buy . the row of photographer be suddenly compel by he power to stop what they be do , turn , and come over to take he picture . they arm and leg move for they . hector pose , make he grand entrance . people be , as he hope , impressed . the eat - your-heart - out moment he crave . cross the red carpet he overhear the crowd 's reaction : voice ( v.0 . ) who be that ? / be that hammond 's son ? / I think he work for the Bureau . / I think he be in jail . hector stop by a stuffy congressman and he wife , friendly . hector hammond Congressman ! hey , I have not see you since you fire I from that internship . why be it again ? right ! ' cuz I get you lunch order wrong . this be Dawn . ( off he date ; hearing a think ) ah , I believe you two have already meet . you hire she before too , right ? 70 . loud enough for the wife to hear . he clap the mortify Congressman on the shoulder and move on into ... int . national AIR & space museum - atrium - continuous a huge , glass wall , two -story open space . all manner of historic aeronautic and space vehicle hang from the ceiling . the floor 's be clear to make way for a huge model of the INTERNATIONAL space station ( ISS ) . sign and banner inform we this shindig be to celebrate its completion . but all attention turn when the door fling OPEN of they own accord and ... hector make he entrance . he strut he stuff like a man without limit . across the room Senator hammond , glad-hand with a senator , see he son as the center of attention . the desire effect . hector spot he father , approach , snatching a drink as he walk . senator hammond hector . what a ... surprise . you be look a little puffy . be you okay ? he 's reacting to the odd bulge at hector 's temple . hector hammond never better . lately I have be interested in space exploration . I be think of make a major donation ... senator hammond ( v.o. ) good think . it 's a fine cause . ( v.0 . ) on my credit card , I be sure . hector hammond I can afford it . I recently come into a fair amount of bank . senator hammond that 's great , Son . I be glad to hear it . ( v.0 . ) what be I go to do with you ? not what hector be hope for . he try , weakly -- hector hammond be not this what -- you always tell I you want I to be more successful . senator hammond I tell you I want you to find some direction . ( think ) now you be just a well dress disappointment . try to blunt the pain , hector knock back he drink . 71 . hector hammond nothing 's ever gonna be enough , will it ? senator hammond I have get a speech to give . think about make it a early night , okay ? ( think ) go home before you embarrass we both . a knife - pierce of paternal disappointment . he clap hector on the shoulder . that familiar paternal gesture , insincere . follow senator hammond as he approach the dais . until he 's buttonhole by pipe , who grip he arm . urgent . pipe Senator hammond . I need to talk to you about you son . we have a problem . senator hammond Story of my life . talk to he yourself . he 's here somewhere . News to pipe , whose eye instantly memorize the terrain . the Senator break free of pipe , head up towards the stage . pipe speak into he cuff -- pipe set a perimeter . subject 's inside . as a stealthy team of pipe 's men hone in on the exit -- senator hammond climb the dais , command the microphone . the crowd instantly silence . he look to the ISS , speak genuinely . senator hammond few thing unite all people . for I , it 's the way we all look at the star . for answer . for inspiration . for hope . no matter who I talk to , anywhere in the world , we all share that . and now the star have start give we answer . who know what else we will find up there , so long as we be brave enough to look -- suddenly , the Senator lift from the podium ! float , free of gravity , up and over the head of the guest . hector hammond ( v.o. ) just out of curiosity , when exactly do you decide I be such a disappointment ? the question drive painfully into he mind . senator hammond hector ?! 72 . hector hammond ( v.o. ) you think it 's easy have a live legend for a father ? the giant window explode out . wind rush in . people scream . the Senator struggle . senator hammond hector , if you be do this somehow -- hector hammond ( v.o. ) would that finally be enough to impress you ? would it , dad ?! siren and alarm wail as a mob rush the exit . but one man surge upstream : hector . march towards he father . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) what if I tell you I could read you mind ? that I could hear you shame ! or that I could rip you in half with a single think ! hector stand in front of he now . out loud : hector hammond ( cont ’d ) maybe now I be the one who 's disappointed in you ! voice behind hector ( 0.s. ) put he down , hector . hector turn to see he 's surround by pipe and he men . a dozen gun train on he . he turn to pipe , recognize -- hector hammond you . you do this to I . you expose I . change I ... into this . pipe we do not know -- we have no idea there would be this kind of infection -- hector hammond it be a alien corpse ! what could possibly go wrong ? 12 berettas chamber in unison as pipe try to hold he man back , reason with hector , voice soothing -- pipe hector , we do not want anyone to get hurt -- hector hammond then I have suggest you put away you gun . pipe 's eye go wide with realization . start to bark a order -- stop ! -- but too late : the gun FIRE ! -- only ... the bullet all whip upward ! -- 73 . riddling Senator hammond ! crimson blossom on he chest , eat up the white of he shirt . he drop to the ground . hector hammond ( cont 'd ) ( dry ) | you guy kill my dad . and in one insane fury -- foom ! -- hector launch the gunmen up and out and through the atrium glass wall ! hector advance on pipe . hector hammond ( cont 'd ) so there be this headache I have be meaning to ask you about -- hector 's about to tear into pipe -- but be stop by -- senator hammond ( 0.s. ) ( a wheeze ) hector -- hector turn to discover he father be still alive . for now . senator hammond ( cont ’d ) I be ... sorry ... hector hammond what ? senator hammond you ... may have read my mind ... but you could not read my heart . I always love ... and he 's go . off hector , tremble with grief and rage ... int . fallout shelter - same time Tom sit in front of he television array . all tune to the news as usual . as Tom crack open a fresh sleeve of pringles , one of the screen come alive with '' breaking news '' about the Air & Space Museum . pringle Tom do not notice . carol ( prelap ) do you know what 's happen ? ext . ferris aircraft - runway - that moment walk through the '' Paris '' light , wander its amazing street , gl and Carol remain blissfully unaware of world event . Carol marvel at the level of beauty and detail . carol do you have any idea what you have do for the world . GREEN lantern I ? I have not do that much . Carol stop , look straight at he . meaning it . 74 . carol we stop believe something amazing be still possible . I be not talk about the fly or Paris . I mean ... what you be . normal people ... they disappoint . GREEN lantern not everyone . carol most . you be someone they can count on . when there 's nothing else leave . now everyone know ... there 's a hero . GREEN lantern maybe the world just have not be pay attention . maybe there have be heroes all along , right in front of you , but you do not know it ... maybe he -- they ... do not even know it . Carol stop . facing he . carol all I know be who 's here for I now . GREEN lantern you know you be stand very close . I could light up at any second . carol I know . his GREEN aura light up around they both , draw they together -- lip atom apart -- the fire of anticipation about to meet with the jet fuel of imminence -- until -- voice ( 0.s. ) Excuse I ! hello ! the aura stand down . gl lean over Carol 's shoulder to find -- Tom . running up to they , full bore . tom hey . uh , Mr. lantern ? GREEN lantern ( '' I be decide how to kill you '' ) anything I can help you with ? tom sorry ! it 's just -- there 's something go down at the smithsonian ! gl look to Carol -- sorry . Carol understand -- carol go. 75 . with a blur of GREEN -- he 's go . Paris fade around she ... int . national AIR & space museum - atrium - night eerie stillness . Broken only by sob and helicopter circle overhead . the chopper shine spotlight below , illuminate -- hector , cradling he father , howling , grief strike . pipe it 's alright , hector . it 's gonna be alright . just come with I . hector see pipe . a moment of childlike submission . then the grief darken , instantly transmute into rage . hector glare . pipe drop to the floor , stricken with pain . hector hammond that 's what it feel like in here . like someone scraping the inside of you skull , right ? fork in you eye . and it keep get worse . that 's my whole life now . thanks to you . pipe be writhe . hector stand over he , ready to kill . pipe be in agony , death fast approach -- when -- a GREEN rope entwine around pipe 's ankle -- yanking he to safety . similar GREEN line snake around anyone still in harm 's way , pull they all out , to safety . hector turn to see -- GREEN lantern drop from the sky . gl land in front of the fall Senator . his ring quickly wrap hector in giant manacle . GREEN lantern no one else need to die today . hector hammond oh , I can think of at least one more person . gl be suddenly seize -- as if hit with 1000 volt of current . we experience it as he do -- as a voice inside our head . loud . pestilent . vile . the manacle fade . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you think you can stop I ? because you jewelry can lift thing ? gl 's hand -- he ring hand -- extend . the Ring glowing . with telltale spasticity , he fist jerk . the Ring surge -- and -- the apollo lunar module explode ! hector hammond ( cont ’d ) they think you be a hero ? let 's see what they think of you now ! i | I i 1 I 76 . the ring hand point at the remaining pipe 's men stuck in the room ! gl 's eye widen , realize what hector intend to do . GREEN lantern no ! oh yes . the ring fire ! the will of all that life misus in a blast that send innoc : men flying ! dead . gl cry out . but he 's powerless to stop the mayhem . gl struggle . focus he rage . until -- with a primal scream -- gl break free ! regain control of he body -- and the Ring -- and -- he shoot towards hector ! a green bullet fly right at he . hector double over , the exertion cause he a new level of agony . but he raise he hand in defense , send -- the pioneer 10 satellite crashing into gl ! hector be literally hurling spaceship at gl ! -- the bell XP - 59 -- the NORTH american X - 15 -- the mariner probe -- each snap off its cable and raining on gl ! who fly and dodge , fluid and nimble , use he Ring against the onslaught , as -- hector press he palm to the side of he head -- the torment culminate , as -- his scalp start to split and crack ! blood trickle from fresh tear in he skin . he let out a animal growl as he cranium double before our eye . it 's growing . GREEN lantern dodge Chuck yeager 's bell X - 1 , rocketing at hector -- and -- grabbing he -- flying straight up -- to get he the hell out of there ! together , they -- burst through the roof ! ext . above WASHINGTON , D.C. struggling over the D.C. sky ! gl hold fast to hector as they spiral over the monument to freedom and democracy . hector 's head be grotesquely large . like pipe 's mouse . hector hammond the pain ... it 's exquisite ... hector 's bloodshot eye go wide , on fire with madness . he 's manifest a new power commensurate with he transformation . he focus on gl and -- we flash CUT : a memory hit . from inside gl 's mind , as : abin sur breathes he last word to hal . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I can see in you mind ... what you remember ... you memory . ] '' | 77 . resume : hector react with epiphany , understanding now . hector hammond ( cont 'd ) he be one of you . the alien . another memory : abin hand hal the Ring . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you . you be the reason this happen to I . it 's all you fault ! other flash of memory come , like a wave of intimate detail : Carol 's face against the '' Paris '' sky ... Young Carol at he father 's wake ... his family ... Jim ... Nathan ... Carol , as before , calling he name from that tarmac , voice echoing -- hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( repeat what he hear ) '' hal ... Jordan . '' resume : Green lantern blanch . hector know he name . this last taunt send gl over the edge -- he aura explode -- a burst of ENERGY that separate the two -- shoot they apart ! Green lantern rocket backwards , crashing into -- the jefferson monument ! he bash into the base of jefferson 's statue ! marble shatter ! then ... silence . no sign from gl . ext . D.C. mall - reflecting pool - that moment hector drop like a meteor , about to hit the shallow pool -- until he freeze -- inch from the surface . then rights himself . and then walk ( limping ) across the water . two tourist drop they camera and they jaw -- stunne to see the giant-head man pull a Jesus . remarks : hector hammond not as hard as you have think . he step off the water to solid ground . a speed car suddenly stop . as if it hit a invisible wall . the door open and the driver be flung from inside . hector limp in . hand shaking . non-responsive . he throw the car into gear with he mind . news anchor ( prelap ) ..- at the smithsonian this evening , 39 be wounded and eight dead , include national treasure Senator Robert hammond . int . fallout shelter - night in the dark , hal and Tom , watch the coverage of gl 's defeat . 78 . tom this guy need to go down -- now . so ... how do you nail he ? what 's the plan ? hal stare hard at the tv . the word , '' eight Dead . '' hal look Tom go . hal there be no plan . I have do enough . tom ( understanding ) that be not you . you do not hurt anybody . he kill that people -- hal he use I like a bazooka ! if I go after hin again ... who know what he will make I lo ? tom you can stop he -- hal -- do not you get it ? I can not stop he . I do not know what I be do . ( off the Ring ) they give I this thing ... but I be not good enough to do anything with it . I be just ... a guy with a gun . tom you spend you whole life screwing up and walk away from the wreckage and I stand next to you watch the whole time . but this ... this be not school or the Air Force ... or Carol ... if you walk away from this ... I can not stand next to you any more . hal what be I suppose to do ?! tom you be suppose to not give up ! or get help ! something ! away . for the first time in he life ... scared . tom ( cont 'd ) I bet you father be just as scared that day . but it do not matter , because he know that when a chance to save people come , you do not think about yourself . ( then ) that ring can give you power ... but it can not make you like he . leave hal , alone . he look to the tv , footage of EIGHT body carry out . he look away -- and see he father 's bomber jacket . rumple on a couch . the motto on the shoulder patch : '' fearless in flight '' . 79 . off hal , find he strength , remind ... thanks Tom ... ext . earth 's orbit - the stratosphere that kh - 10 satellite again . it bob silently -- before get CUT in half by a GREEN comet shoot out of the Earth 's atmosphere . the Green lantern be back ! stay with hal -- as he pick up speed -- slingshotting around mar -- around jupiter -- around a star we have never see , until he be move at relativity - shatter speed ! ext . the planet oa the luminous planet hang against a sea of star . a CUT take we over the gleaming spire of oa . another CUT and we be at glorious city - level . GREEN streak whiz by . sinestro ( prelap ) and so you return -- ext . oa - above a CITY hal trail sinestro as they fly over the city -- up and through the fantastical architecture . sinestro next time when a friend give you warning , heed it . hal I know . I screw up . but I need you help now . how do I stop he ? sinestro you can not . not alone at least . hal I think this Ring be the most powerful weapon in the Universe . sinestro would that it be ... hal I do not get it ... what be legion anyway ? sinestro stop . landing atop the high building . all of marvelous oa behind he . he face hal . gravely serious . sinestro legion be the guardian 's shame . sinestro extend he ring up and fire . image unfurl . beginning with : a giant book , page flutter open . sinestro ( cont 'd ) there be teaching in the Book of oa the guardian would not have we know . but moment we would prefer forget be still moment in time . 80 . the image of he ring continue so we intercut between the pictographic storytelling and -- flashbacks to : ext . trinity canyon - oa - flashback the guardian float in a ring over a continental crevasse . sinestro ( v.0 . ) in they effort to protect the Universe , the guardian seek to harness the emanation of light . but they do not begin with will . they begin with a force far more potent ... with will 's opposite . they cumulative concentration culminate and ... a Guardian swipe the air . a thin yellow flame -- the color of legion -- appear in he palm . sinestro ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) fear . the Guardian pass the meager flame to he neighbor . it grow . until the flame become a blaze , burn one of they . the blaze widen , beyond they circle ... sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but the light of fear could not be control . even by the guardian . the yellow blaze rip out of orbit towards the star . a wash of toxic light span creation . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) it spread . throughout creation . take what be good and pollute it with fear . and all thing change . ext . rocky planet - flashback craggy , barren . two lizard creature share they scavengings as ... the yellow blaze pass over they like a tide . sinestro ( v.o . ) in try to bring order to the cosmos , the guardian unleash chaos . the lizard 's expression turn malevolent . distrust they brother . they attack each other with a new ferocity . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the guardian see they mistake . and they take action . they collect this light of fear ... ext . above oa - orbit - flashback the guardian , in a circle again . only now facing outward . with they combine effort the thin tendril of Golden Light return to they circle from all direction in the Universe . they collect the noxious Light , into a form above they . 81 . sinestro ( v.o. ) ..- and , once gather , they banish it . ext . the lost sector - flashback a starless space . blacker and bleaker than the singularity at the center of a black hole . sinestro ( v.0 . ) to the lose sector . a place of containment . a place to keep safe the guardian 's failure . the yellow torrent be cast within . it spiral inside -- a cyclone of fear and rage . it twist and writhes , coalesc . no longer merely a Light . but a life . a nascent Beast let out a wild , primordial howl . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) but in that dark place , the fear grow strength . and form . and shape . the swirl of fire morph into a very familiar shape : legion . sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) and its rage be legion . the hologram fade away , as we tumble down through -- int . sciencells - underground - oa - resuming sinestro lead hal through a underground edifice . a catacomb of crystalline structure , repeat matrice of GREEN cell stretch on into fractal infinity . hal they make legion ? sinestro that be why it hunt we . to take revenge on its captor . and creator . in answer , sinestro swoops down lower into the sciencell . sinestro ( cont ’d ) with the guardian 's permission I lead a phalanx of lantern to scour all sector . even with we combine effort , we combine will , it kill thirty - three of we number . hal I be sorry . finally sinestro land at he destination . sinestro yes . sometimes victory come at too high a price . 82. hal Victory ? sinestro the lantern do not leave evil unbridle . sinestro open a cell door -- and he show hal why he 's bring he here . hal 's eye go wide with surprise -- and horror -- at the sight of -- legion . capture . trapped by chain of GREEN ENERGY . a dozen lantern ( some wounded ) keep a steady stream of ringfire train on legion . it thrashes and bray , strain with effort to escape the pain and confinement . shrieking with a rage to make the Devil piss he pants . hal you do not kill it ? sinestro the Corps do not kill . certainly not before legion can repay its debt of death ... ( approach legion ) the guardian have see enough death to permit what true and final security require . the form of a new ring . a more powerful one . hal ( understanding ) of fear . sinestro 's eye flash . oh , yes ... as if understanding , legion bellows . hal may have he doubt on how right any of this be -- but that 's not why he come back here . hal ( cont 'd ) a piece of that be still on my planet . if the guardian let you go after the motherload , they have to help I stop he ... spawnle back home . sinestro I pray they will . or soon you will have no home leave . and with that dark warning , and legion 's black roar ... guardian ( prelap ) we will dispatch the Corps to you planet 's aid , hal Jordan of gaia -- int . the citadel - oa hal stand before the ringed assemblage of guardian . they loom like planet set against the night sky above . hal thank you -- | | i | { | | 83. a guardian ( v.o. ) once you complete you cadet training on oa . not before . they be refuse ? hal can not believe what he 's hearing . hal but ... I do not understand . i | | { i i i ! 4 another guardian ( v.o. ) the Corps defend its own -- a guardian ( v.o . ) -- and you be not yet of the Corps . hal I think '' the Corps '' be suppose to protect the universe -- Earth be in the universe ! we need help . and you be gonna let people die because I do not go through you damn boot camp ?! another guardian ( v.o. ) | some measure of suffer be universal . | there be always danger -- | hal well this danger be kill member of my species . you guy make that thing , you : have to do something ! ' the guardian disapprove of he outburst , and respond with a thunderous shout into he mind , lay down they law -- a guardian ( v.0 . ) the counterweight to suffer be the lantern and he Ring -- another guardian ( v.0 . ) -- gaia be in sector 2814 -- a guardian ( v.0o . ) -- if the lantern assign to its protection be not able -- another guardian ( v.0 . ) -- if he do not yet know how to manifest he ring 's potential -- a guardian ( v.o. ) j -- the fault lie with he . alone . off they harsh condemnation -- and refusal -- a shriek rise , loud enough to match hal 's anger right now , as -- int . sciencells - legion 's cell - that moment sinestro approach legion reverentially , like a apostle . : four other lantern flank he as he near the monster . his '' Ring glow , and cruelly bind legion 's limb -- i 84 . a guardian ( v.0 . ) the Ring be the most powerful weapon in all creation . use irresponsibly , it can produce evil great than anything the Corps be form to oppose . sinestro conjure a row of sharp precision instrument . another guardian ( v.o. ) it be why we have impart rule govern its use . to prevent anarchy . sinestro use a scalpel to CUT into legion 's hide , legion reel ! strain against the green chain that bind he . they grow taut ... a guardian ( v.o. ) to prevent catastrophe . .. and SNAP ! sinestro react instantly , point -- firing -- sinestro secure it ! int . citadel ~ resuming hal be shaking he head , grow ever more frustrated . a guardian ( v.o. ) do you understand , hal Jordan of gaia ? hal if you training be just gonna teach I how to let people down ... I already know how to do that . plink . hal have just set he Ring down on the marble pillar . hal ( cont 'd ) Earth may be a primitive planet , but you guy , with you whole bureaucracy ... you would fit in just great there . hal 's uniform shimmer off he , replace by he clothes . all he power go , refuse . the guardian stare in disbelief . hal ( cont ’d ) keep you Ring . I might not have the will of all that life behind I ... but I have my will to do what I can . I x11 beat this guy on my own . and hal turn he back on the god . int . the great hall - moment later hal exit , quickly meet by two GREEN lantern , a wing - eared woman and a ivory - color featureless man . they flank he ominously , lead he towards the landing / flight platform . wing - ear say something in a squalky alien language . | | 85 . hal sorry . no ring , no speaky alien . so how do we do this ? you fly I home ? or do you give I a loaner Ring -- instead of a answer -- wing - ear drop suddenly . cut down by a yellow blast . hal look up to see it : legion be claw its way out of the sciencell ! featureless lantern shout at hal in alien before ... legion 's blast knock he to the ground . hal look up . lantern mobilize from all direction , flying . falling into -- a instant formation of lantern . hal duck for cover as they whip overhead , call up weapon and attacking legion . but legion let loose with its hot hateful blast -- the lantern be easily repell . two more die in a instant . hal look down to the fall lantern at he foot ... kneel down to they ... they might look different ... but this be he brother . push in on hal , as -- he take off the fall lantern 's ring . and do the same thing with the other ! ext . oa - outside the sciencells Glass and metal rain down as legion 's claw explode through the outer wall ! the monster wrench its way out of captivity , like a demon hatching from a egg . every available lantern mobilize -- kilowog and tomar - re and the cadet -- all swarm like hornet , conjure all manner of weapon and blast , all useless , as -- legion fly up ! in unison , the lantern crisscross the sky with weblike - beam . legion swat lantern aside , pulse exploding from its jaw ! lantern fall and die , make a hole in the sky cover . legion be about to escape through it -- when -- a scimitar slice off one of its claw . sinestro stand in its way . his four blade swinging . valiant , but no match for legion . in a instant , sinestro be grab . legion enjoy a moment of delight ... about to take he head off in its endless fang when -- a shockingly powerful ringblast strike legion ! the momentary distraction cause it to release sinestro -- turn its attention to its new attacker -- it 's hal ! back in uniform ! 86 . wielding a power ring on each finger ! a master of ten ring ! hal yeah . I really need more training . hal 's ring conjure up a army of object -- samurai sword , assorted weaponry -- anything he can think of to distract legion from the other . he succeed -- legion have a taste for only he blood now ... and race for hal ! bait take ... the chase begins ! ext . the oan skie hal fly fast , lead legion away -- slalom and twist , weaving around the tower that rocket past . legion just smashes through they . pursue relentlessly . hal rocket higher -- where sinestro fly to he side -- match he speed . hal could not be happier for the help . hal glad you could make it . together they FIRE a arsenal of GREEN weapon that work in elegant sequence to whittle away at legion 's strength . we see in this two the making of a legendary team . but legion be only scuff , not stop . sinestro and hal barely dodge a explosive pulse that take out a build . hal ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) be I allow to kill he yet ?! sinestro no number of ring will be enough to slay legion . hal I be not gonna use the ring ! hal loop around a dome . legion swipe , cracking the dome wide OPEN -- revealing , inside -- the central battery ! crackle with infinite power . he fly right for it -- firing ahead ! right into the battery ! we start to get the idea that hal have a plan . and it 's a dumb one . he fire again -- right into the core -- which start to glow , a nuclear bomb arming itself ... grow louder and louder until we feel its power surging ... overloading ! lightning fire all around ! striking hal ! but he hold he fire into the battery . sinestro get out now ! you will die . 87 . hal ( strain ) just promise you will help my people ! sinestro nod . he will . hal , make brave by that promise ... fire one last time -- into the battery -- which pulse -- and roil -- until ... it ... finally give out -- exploding with power ! a GREEN detonation like the Big bang itself , travel ... straight through hal . coursing through he body ! it 's too much ! hal hold it together just long enough to bring he hand together -- channel all that endless energy to -- FIRE with everything he have at legion ! a ringlblast the like of which GOD have never see ! the combine power of all life expend at once . so much energy the ring on he hand disintegrate ! it be finally enough . legion be stricken . and die . the lantern who have come to witness the unthinkable feat watch as legion drop . the nightmare end . the Corps 's surprise only outdone by they shock when they see -- hal still hang in the sky ... ile plummet . lifelessly . he pound into the ground at then foot of the cracked and spent battery . sinestro and tomar - re be the first to reach he . the smoke start to clear , revealing ... hal. unmove . he be a hero today . and he be dead . at least , that 's what we think . until ... hal shudder and cough . life return . beaten up ... but still hal . hal ( cont 'd ) ( weak ; @ la post - dogfight ) well ... that be easy . sinestro help he to he foot . hal 's temple be now grey . ( fanboys orgasm appropriately . ) tomar -re you should be dead . hal do not sound so disappointed . sinestro turn to all the lantern who have assemble . 88. sinestro hal Jordan of gaia come here seek we help and save we instead . ( then ) today we show he how the Corps defend its own . for he have prove he be one of we . if he planet need help ... it will find we ready . it will see a storm ! the lantern cheer ! raising they ring in unison ! ext . space music build as sinestro , tomar - re and killowog and a hundre other lantern rocket towards we , lead by ... GREEN lantern ! int . ferris AIR - showroom hangar - night Carol and Carl linger over the news report of Senator hammond 's death play on several plasma screen -- news anchor ( on plasma ) ... Senator Robert H. hammond , astronaut and american hero be dead at 72 ... Carl run a hand over the sabre floor model . carl ferris he be we last shot at get this off the ground . we could have save life ... carol we will get the funding , dad . venture capital maybe . but Carl know better . his dream ... it 's over . carl ferris no . it 's time for I to get on with my life . and for you to finally have one . a hug that say he understand the sacrifice she 's make . appreciative , hold she father , Carol be distract by something in the distance : tom slinking down to the shelter . carol I think hangar 18 be close ? carl ferris the old fallout shelter ? it be . why ? Carol 's not sure either . curiosity pique , she beeline to -- ext . ferris aircraft - later Carol be stand at the head of the metal staircase she spy Tom descend . she move down it , through a old metal door , and into : 89 . int . fallout shelter - continuous Tom face he bank of monitor / display , so he do not see carol push through the metal door and down the stair . she take in the space and -- with a audible gasp -- abin 's alien ship . Tom turn . see she . shit . carol Tom ... anything you have like to tell I ? int . showroom hangar - that moment Carl move through he workspace , flick off the light one by one . he linger over a sabre model . say goodbye . carl ferris sorry , Martin . let you down again . a moment of regret . and Carl be suddenly sucked out of the showroom -- crashing through a glass partition -- into -- the hangar . he hang in mid-air , float above one of the sabre prototype , terrify by the sight of ... a gargantuan head . it list to one side , neck no longer able to support it fully . we pan down over the crack and mottle scalp to recognize -- hector . his body useless . he drool slightly . his hand tremble , curl into claw around the arm of a wheelchair , push by haggard and dishevel broome , a hellish orderly . hector hammond Excuse I . I be look for a Mr. hal Jordan . you know where I can find he ? Carl stare back , bloody and scared . carl ferris what be you -- ? hector sigh , as if he 's be put out . hector hammond not here ? hector look over to sabre . a idea flash . hector hammond ( cont 'd ) Fine . how about we bring he to we ? his brow furrow and ... the engine foom to life . int . fallout shelter - resuming Tom tap dance he way out of Carol 's question : 90 . tom it 's a ... prototype I be work on , a cross -model design sorta thing , take some fuselage and ... probably will not even fly , I think of it when I be stone -- carol do you honestly think I can not recognize a spaceship when I see one ?! tom ( flinching ) it 's not my fault -- just do not hit I -- before Carol can press , the room be rocked by a thunderclap from outside . Carol bolt out , Tom trail , as -- ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - second later -- the entire fleet of sabre pull out of the hangar and ... take off , soar into the horizon . carol we do not have a test flight schedule for tonight , do we ? tom no ! Carol and Tom race across the pavement back to : int . showroom hangar - continuous Carol run in -- Tom behind she -- but the sight of she father , writhe in mid-air , freeze they in they track . carol dad --! her gasp snare hector 's attention . a memory hit : Carol 's face from hal 's mind eye . hector grin , '' recognize '' she . hector hammond I know you . focus on Carol , hector 's brow furrow , use he new power . another memory : Carol in '' Paris , '' almost kissing gl. hector hammond ( cont ’d ) hal Jordan . ( be : he '' condition '' ) this be he fault . it 's because of he I be this ... monster . ext . coast CITY - that moment a pair of sabre shoot over the coastline , banking towards home and building . 91 . hector hammond ( v.o. ) so now I be go to destroy every thing and everyone he 's ever love ... ... the u- cave align for a strafing run , birthing missile and spitting bullet ! Architecture disintegrate . hector hammond ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) start with this crappy city ... int . showroom hangar - resuming hector be eye to eye with Carol now . hector hammond ..- and end with you . while he watch . ( off Carol 's terror ) that okay by you ? ext . coast CITY pier - that moment like the Santa monica pier of yesteryear . boardwalk , ferris wheel , a world of taffy . full of oblivious innocent . helen Jordan laugh as Nathan plead with he father : nathan ( be : the ferris wheel ) just one more time . jim jordan you already have five ' one more 's time . nathan that do not count . pleeeeeze ? who 's say no to that kid ? ext . coast CITY highway - that moment gorgeous beach view , stuff with traffic in front of a tunnel ( like pch ) . driver honk as -- boooom ! -- a wild fireball explode out of the tunnel ! four sabre fly out of the fire , spin to take aim at the bridge . Cars explode and tumble as the overpass collapse . ext . MAIN STREET - that moment another sabre deploys . the quaint city center be no more ! Coast City be be destroy ! int . showroom hangar - that moment tight on hector : eye roll with the remote control of the u-cav . face exultant with the death he bring . 92 . int . / ext . ferris wheel gondola - that moment at the ferris wheel zenith . Jim 's bored out of he mind as Nathan press he face to the gondola window , entrance . nathan hey , dad ? ( point ) what be that ? Jim glance up to see two sabre bear down on they ! no time to panic or answer as -- the sabre split , diving towards the base of the ride -- gun blazing -- the wheelhouse crumple ! Metal cry in protest and ... the entire structure start to topple ! like a redwood fell and fall , casting its vast shadow on the ground ... over ... helen ! foot roote by fear . nathan let out a shriek -- Jim pull Nathan close as they fall -- it 's over -- until the entire wheel be suddenly awash in GREEN light . Nathan and Jim open they eye to see ... a rhino - shape lantern . killowog . a forcefield from he Ring hold the wheel then set it upright . killowog ( to Nathan ; a greeting ) poozer . nathan ohmygodthatissocooooool ! at which , the sky go dark . a shadow pass over Nathan 's face , as he look up to see ... a sky full of GREEN lantern ! a storm to blot out the sun ! int . showroom hangar - that moment on hector : delighted . with a sick glance to Carol . hector hammond he 's here . and he 's bring friend . ext . coast CITY pier - sky the lantern split off like firework , streak of emerald blaze in all direction to address hector 's mayhem . a series of cut , as : killowog ring - weld the ferris wheel 's base secure . 93. one of the sabre decimate the rollercoaster 's track . the ' coaster fly off the rail , about to crush terrify bystander before ... be catch by a huge GREEN claw . manifested by tomar - re’s Ring . the sabre come around for another try ... buzzing the boardwalk . the crowd flee , a tidal wave of people , but ... sinestro stand he ground , await the sabre 's approach like a gunfighter . the other lantern crisscross over the city . one stop a landslide with a giant GREEN shovel . another rescue a family from a collapse building . a school bus be set right after teeter over a overpass . the people 's appreciation overwhelm they fear of the strange creature save they ... back on the boardwalk sinestro and hal , side by side , manifest the weapon that dispatch legion , scimitar and samurai sword , and slice through the horde of u- cave fly right at they ! through the smoke they see two last sabre come at they . sinestro prepare , poise he scimitar . sinestro the threat to you planet ... surely it be not only this machine . hal it 's not this ... it 's who send they . ( realize ) Carol -- sinestro we have this . go ! with sinestro to handle the sabre , and the team of lantern to help that in need , hal barrel at full speed to -- ferris aircraft . int . showroom hangar - 1.8 second later a human-sized bullet hole rip open as gl burst through . he search . no sign of Carol . but -- tom and carl be hold captive , lift high above , a whirlwind of tool and heavy equipment swirling around they dangerously close . all by hector ... who 's slaver for the fight . a monster in a chair , he vile head housing he murderous mind . hector hammond you nre late . I almost have to kill everyone without you . hector try to penetrate hal 's mind with he own -- to control he -- but hal 's aura shine brighter than ever . 94 . GREEN lantern let they go . hector hammond sure . with a raise brow ... Carl and Tom go fly out the hangar . ext . tarmac - continuous that GREEN hand catch Carl and Tom . place they safely . int . showroom hangar - resuming annoy , hector fire the maelstrom of metal at gl -- who conjure a shield to deflect it ( a piece knock broome back and unconscious ) . hector 's chair wheel toward gl confidently . he make a rag rise to wipe he sticky chin . hector hammond Nice . but not enough to save she ... you Carol . ( knowingly ) I could see you all over she mind ... year of disappointment . only to disappoint she now . one last time . hal turn to hector , rage in he eye -- hector hammond ( cont 'd ) every memory she have of you be fill with regret ... the year waste , wait for you . you never do a thing for she until someone give you that ring . ( eye lighting up at the ring ) you do not deserve all that power . without that ring , you be not a hero . you be barely even a man . GREEN lantern ( through he tooth ) where . be . she ? hector hammond relax . she 's right here . hector glance over to that first sabre prototype . gl 's eye go wide when he see ... Carol . in the translucent payload of the u-cav . trapped . pound on the soundproofed plexi . hector relish the obvious pain on gl 's face . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) now from what I have see of you childhood , you do not have such a good history with plane crash . hector 's eye close . the sabre 's engine FIRE . nearby : the guidance computer lock on a destination . a mountain range ! the trajectory of Carol 's death plotted . t { | { | 95 . hector hammond ( cont ’d ) all that power and you can not do a thing . you be paralyze . get it ? ( laugh , the point of it all ) now you know what it 's like to be I . the sabre 's engine ready for take - off . gl steal a look back at Carol . they eye lock . Sympathy . regret . gl can not let she down . not again . GREEN lantern but you do not know what it 's like to be I . you want power ? Real power ? just let she go . and I 'il give you this . he show he ring . we fear for the choice he be make . GREEN lantern ( cont 'd ) this Ring can give you more power than you know exist . its only limit be what you can hold in you mind . and you mind be a lot bigger than mine . hector 's eye light up at the think . GREEN lantern ( cont 'd ) with this you can do anything . be anything . you can kill I as many time as you want . you can rule the world . ( a final bargain ) all you have to do be let she go . hector consider the shiny offer . the whine of the sabre 's engine mount . and finally -- slowing . it 's a deal . hector hammond Fine . take she ... in response , gl ... remove he Ring . he open he palm and the Ring float upward . pull towards hector by he mind . as the ring leave hal , gl 's uniform dissolves . and ... foom ! the sabre take off ! with Carol still trap inside ! ( and before she could see gl 's true face . ) hector hammond ( cont ' ‘d ) sorry . I lie . the ring fly to hector 's hand . and the second it do -- Carol blast into the sky . off to she death . hector explode the guidance computer with he mind . fear fill hal 's face as he watch he love recede into the sky -- he turn to see -- hector -- as he -- put on the ring ! the Ring glow instantly with the connection . ENERGY beaming all around . the lucent aura light around he and ... | | i | | | | | 96 . he rise from he wheelchair , the aura give he the strength he body lack ... hector 's eye grow wide with rapture . his face ecstatic ... he know now what true power be . a flick of he wrist and he make the wall explode with GREEN lightning . another and craggly clawe finger ( he version of the Green Hand ) rip the ground OPEN underfoot . something grow out of the Ring . ripping through the ground -- up higher -- through the roof of the hangar -- a massive construct -- hector have the exultant look of a man just name messiah . as hector 's mountainous creation grow ... its spire begin to change , morphing into tentacles . the entire construct 's shape momentarily take on the full form of legion ! it flare ! twist and writhe . the Ring 's power be too much for hector . there 's a flash of worry on hector 's face as the energy become too much for he . hal grin . hal I lie , too . you be not choose . hector get it now . he do not possess the will to control the Ring -- until finally -- the ENERGY surge back down ! hector wail as all that energy fire back at he . a explosion of light and heat -- searing hector ! and it 's all go . mangle , mutate hector have fall back into he chair , twitching , cataplectic . and so he will stay . of its own accord the ring zip off hector 's finger and ... fly right back into hal 's hand . clock ! Broome give hector a wallop , straight to the jaw . broome that 's for make I rob a bank , asshole ! Broome look up to thank he savior ... but hal be already bolting out -- chase after Carol in the sabre . ext . tarmac - continuous running , hal fit on the Ring . he extend he hand , ready to fly -- but the ring only pulse . it have no charge left . the Ring can not help he anymore . hal the lantern ! 97 . he look . his underground lair be a half mile off ! and the sabre be get further away by the second ... closer to the mountain range ! hal look around -- he eye landing on something ... and it fill he with courage : a F - 16 wait on the tarmac ! without a second 's hesitation , hal pound for it . tom approach , catch up -- tom what be you do ? use you ring ! hal there be not enough time to charge it ! she 's head for the Maker Cliffs . it 's gonna crash ! tom what be you gonna do ? hal ( as he climb in the jet ) stop it . tom how ?! hal I get the ride to figure that out . but he do not need a ring . just aman . still a hero . as the canopy slam shut -- ext . sky / int . hal 's F - 16 - intercut Carol 's fly prison sweep into view , a runaway train . her struggle muffle . she see the cliff come up ahead -- she fear double . she bash helplessly against the glass , as -- hal be F - 16 swoops down in pursuit . he 's catch up to the sabre -- just a few foot behind Carol now . hal swerve he F - 16 ahead -- try to catch it in he slipstream and forcing a turn -- but the sabre press on relentlessly , make its straight line for the maker cliff ! from back in the tower -- tom come on the headset : tom ( from headset ) can you see she ? hal ( into headset ) I can not move it . shut it down ! 98 . tom ( from headset ) the system 's blow ! it will not respond . hal try again , barrelling over the u-cav dangerously close , try to physically push it down . but the sabre be able to maneuver out of every move hal can think of . and the cliff be dead ahead ! how the hell be he go to stop that thing ? tom ( from headset ) ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing you can do . hal ( into headset ) I can not let she die ! hal fight panic . ghost of old death haunt he . martin jordan ( v.o. ) I be push she to the runway . I can do it ! on hal . inspire by he father 's memory . there 's still one thing leave . he race he plane in front of the sabre -- hal Tom ... what do you guess the blowback on a ejector be ?! tom a hundred foot easy at the speed you be fly ! pull a switch that arm a warning light . Tom react to what he see on he display . hal 's '' plan . '' tom ( into headset ) ( cont ’d ) hal ? nonono . you can not do it ! you will hit the jet , you will both die ! and without a single think for himself , hal yank a red lever . hard . in a instant -- martin jordan ( v.o. ) hal I be clear . ejecting now -- I be clear . ejecting now -- the cockpit canopy explode ! hal lurch upward out of the plane and into the sky . he just hit the ejector seat ! in a instant hal 's parachute deploy and entangle onto the sabre . he slam painfully against the side of the sabre . contact ! like he just jump from one train car to another only at 10,000 foot and near the sound barrier ! hal pull against the crush windshear up the ' chute -- closer ... his finger snag the wing of the u-cav . with impossible effort , he pull himself up to the nose . carol be pounding on the payload from the inside now . scream . and then she see he . hal jordan . what the fuck be he do on she plane ? 99 . hal see the cliff ahead -- they be second away from impact . he reach for a panel on the top of the fuselage . dig in and ... rip it open -- expose a button . which he punch ! the payload canopy go flying ! hal reach in and pull Carol up . wind rip into they . carol hal ! what be you do here ?! hal saving you ! he grab she , falling backward ! and -- they fall . above they the sabre speed off ahead -- and -- explode into the cliff ! they may have be save from that -- but they be in free - fall . no Ring . no chute . just hal and Carol clutching each other as they achieve bone pulverize terminal velocity . tumble in each other 's arm ... the air roaring ... the ground coming up fast ... death be second away . they hold each other tight . the wind to painful too speak . but they do not have to -- they both know it . they have love each other they whole life . they love each other still . nothing leave to do , they clutch each other even harder and ... they kiss . a lifetime 's worth of love share in the one moment leave before they death . the tenderest goodbye . sinestro ( v.o. ) all life be connect . by love , by hope , by all the noblest instinct of the soul . if ever a kiss embody that noblest instinct ... it be this one . all that passion unbridle ... sinestro ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the power draw from that connection be what you see simply as '' green . '' the Ring feel it first . it shimmer -- drawing from all the power in that kiss ! the radiance spread . up he arm . brighten ... the aura rekindling , envelop they both ... he clothes recrystallizing back into ... the uniform of : the GREEN lantern ! recharge ! hal / gl and Carol be so lose in they embrace ... they kiss so long await ... they do not even notice they've stop falling . 100 . hal / gl realize . he look to he Ring , which shimmer . Carol open she eye . and look . exhilaration replace terror as she see it -- she 's be carry by the GREEN lantern . by hal . the piece fall together . life change . carol ( hit he ) i_knew it be you ! hal / GREEN lantern yeah , right . he smile , take soft hold of Carol , and ... flying across the sky ... hal / GREEN lantern ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) how ' bout we land in Paris ? the blue sky match dissolves into the blue curtain of : int . white house PRESS briefing room the president be at the podium , address a stand - room only crowd of media : the president my fellow Americans . the past day have see event so miraculous , they shatter every conception we have about ourselves ... we world ... we place in creation . we can look on this wonder with fear ... or we can find hope . a new beginning . to provide answer and to quell anxiety , I have like to turn this briefing over to special counsel to the President ... Mr. Alan Scott . a weathered older man step to the podium . a familiar face . and , now , a name . pipe / alan scott the President have give I the honor and solemn responsibility of make this announcement , one I suspect will be long remember . ( a beat , then ) we be not alone in the universe . ext . coast CITY pier - day the lantern use they ring to repair the widespread damage . people marvel at the sight of alien on Earth . tomar - re bristle he top fin , slightly offended . pipe / alan scott ( v.o. ) for year now , we have know of a group of extraterrestrials who patrol we universe and keep it safe . 101 . ext . time square - new york - day and we realize that we have catch up with we open . alan scott ( on astrovision ) impossible to imagine ? no more impossible than when Columbus suggest the earth be round or when copernicus posit that it orbite the sun . ext / int . other city all over the world - that moment people stare at the impossible news project there as well . alan scott ( v.o. ) there be heroes out there . and now , one of we own have join they . one of we . now one of they . close on : GREEN lantern . alan scott ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) a Green lantern . wide to reveal we be : int . underground government facility - hallway - day Green lantern walk with Scott down a long concrete hallway . GREEN lantern Nice speech . alan scott I have know about the people you work for since I be ... young than you . ever since , I have work for the goverment . helping they get ready for a day just like this ... when this planet find out it 's just a tiny pebble on a very large beach . ( beat ) and people need to know it 'il be okay when you be go . GREEN lantern I have not say I be go anywhere . Scott nod . eyeing the Ring with a bit of ... nostalgia ? alan scott the Ring come to you , so that 's you decision to make . but I 'il tell you this : if I could do what you can do ... I would not stay here . I have fly around this Universe , see thing no human 's ever see ... no one who wear one of that belong to any one planet . you belong to the star . i | | 102 . GREEN lantern ( sense , be : the Ring ) you have ... wear it , have not you ? a long silence . then , through the haze of smoke and memory -- alan scott one like it , a lifetime ago ... ( a sad smile ) but it be not mine to keep . I be not choose . not like you . a story for another day / movie . the gruff return . GREEN lantern what if there 's more trouble ? alan scott I will contact you . the same way I use to contact you predecessor on occasion . a know wink . man , this guy be cool as shit . GREEN lantern and hammond ? alan scott hammond ? I would not worry about he ... pipe key a pad to take they where they be head : int . secure facility - continuous on a catwalk , overlook the centerpiece of the facility : a stadium - size concrete -line lab . fill with -- row after row of rat and mice in cage . as we see before . experiment . at the far end -- in a sealed cell hector hammond sit . huge cranium , burn and shrivel body . utterly grotesque . no sign of life behind he eye . just another rat . alan scott ( 0.s. ) he do not do much anymore . back with gl and pipe pipe offer gl he hand . and he advice : alan scott ( cont ’d ) the star be wait , Jordan . do not screw it up . gl react . Scott know he identity . tom ( prelap ) it 's not fair . 103 . ext . ferris aircraft - tarmac - magic hal , in uniform , stand with Carol and Tom . this be goodbye . float a few thousand foot up be sinestro , tomar - re and other lantern . Tom stare a little too much . tom you get to go off with they and I be stick here . I can not even play game with alien now , just seem like a rip off . GREEN lantern I get a surprise for you . gl fire he ring ... into hangar 18 . a rumble and ... abin 's ship rise out ! the ship hover on its own . fix . the single great thing that ever happen to Tom . tom it 's fly ! I have a space ship ! that fly ! oh my god , I can visit you -- Tom hug gl hard enough to hurt . then make way for ... Carol . time for she goodbye . not a easy thing . GREEN lantern ( to Tom ) can I get a minute . Tom move to he hover craft by the hangar . the lantern in the sky fly off even higher . into the upper atmosphere . gl de-uniform , suit shimmer back into clothes . just hal . hal do I a favor . give my family a good excuse why I leave -- carol I will . hal ( miss she already ) I could be go awhile . carol it 's okay . I will be here . besides , you be worth the wait . hal so be you . and she lip meet he in a kiss that show a understanding word can not . his Ring shimmer with it . the shimmering brightens , merging into ... pure sunlight ... ext . earthas orbit the Sun shine unobstructed . surely the brightest Day , as ... 104 . Green lantern come up through the stratosphere . where sinestro alone wait for he . hal take a long look down at the brilliant blue Earth . sinestro sense hal 's sadness . sinestro it be a beautiful planet . hal it 's everything I love . sinestro ( then ) if we train you well , there will be a thousand planet you will love just as much . the promise of thing to come . of adventure . hal drink in the Earth . one last look . hal then let 's go see ‘em . and with a smile ... and a explosion of light ... two GREEN streak paint the blackest night ... and we end where we begin . in GREEN . end .