gremlins 2 written by Charlie Haas revise - 3/6/89 1 ext . chinatown STREET - morning 1 the same crowded Chinatown street where rand peltzer first find gizmo the mogwai . as local bustle past , angle favor the stair to the basement curiosity shop . 2 int . mr. wingas store mr. wing , the storekeeper who take gizmo home after the gremlin ' night of carnage , open the door , beginning he day . as he light he pipe , he hear a commotion upstairs . 3 ext . STREET 3 pedestrian dodge a long black limousine as it pull up short . angle reveal that most of the store on the block have close -- go out of business sign and board - up window . forster , a sour-face man in a business suit , get out of the limo , follow by three beefy men , also in suit . the three big man take a big-screen tv vt and a vcr out of the car . int . mr. wing be store tj. Mr. wing look up from ' hers game as the four man sweep into the store . mister wi Daniel clamp would like to see you . the man quickly set up the big-screen tv set and vcr . one of the man put in a tape and hit some button , and the tv screen fill with the face of daniel clamp . at a young 40 , he 's New York 's most successful real estate developer . clamp ( on tv ) good morning , mister wing . let 's out through to key issue , okay ? I be prepare to increase my offer substantially . ( beat ) now , mister wing , you be attach to you business . I appreciate that . I be attach to my own business . I develop the biggest building in New York , and you sell , ah , little thing . Fine . but I be not just talk about money here . on the big-screen tv , the image widen to incim a a easel beside clam , hold a architect 's render that show the grandiose of a huge office building , .. 4 continued : 4 clamp ( on tv ) ( cont . ) take a look , mister wing -- ( read ) " the clamp Chinatown Center -- where Business get orient . " when I put up a building , it 's the biggest -- it 's the newest -- it 's the best . people be go to be kill each other to get into this building -- the soft o.s. twittering of gizmo be hear from the rear alcove of the store . gizmo ( o.s. ) tee vee ! clamp ( on tv ) now , 'we have be able to reach a understanding with everyone on the block -- except for you . let I show you what I willing to do for you -- a 's tand and souvenir cone on , right here under the at the foot traffic thrr here be go to make the building look like a ghost town . Mr. wing regards the video image impassively . clamp ( on tv ) ( cont . ) please if we know when you have make a decision , mister wing . you know , I believe that there 's always a area of agreement that two people can reach . the clamp Corporation 's logo a stylize " C " -- fill the wereen , replace clamp 's image . mr. wing yes -- a man can always agree with other . it be more difficult to agree with oneself . forster do that mean you -- he 's interrupt as Mr. wing cough -- a rattling spasm that sound deeply unhealthy . when the cough subside , he answer Forster . mr. wing I be sorry . please tell mister clamp that the answer be no . forster keep the tv . as Mr. wing walk clamp 's man to the door in b.g. , hold on the tv set -- and a small , furry paw that reach into frame to change the tv channel . with the change of station , the tv screen fill with a scene from a rambo picture . sylvester stallone address the movie camera : stallone to survive a war ... you have get to become war . then he screw a explosive - fill metal arrowhead onto a arrow , and shoot the arrow from a bow . the arrow hit a helicopter , which burst into flame . gizmo ( 0.3 . ) neat ! but as the helicopter start to burn , Mr. wing come back and angrily turn the tv set off , address the unseen gizmo . mr. wing Television again ! ai-vuh !. a - invention for fool . CD as he start coughing again , 5a int . limo / ext . chinatown STREET ( moing ) - day 5 a Forster and the bodyguard be dri away from Mr. wing 's store . bodyguard I be sorry that do not work out , sir . I think he would like the tv . forster you hear that cough ? the guy must be eighty -- maybe ninety . we can wait . a sting of solemn chinese music cover the dissolve tot 6 ext . cemetery - morning 6 see through distance and morning mist , a burial ceremony be take place , to the accompaniment of the continue music . 7 ext . clamp centre - day 7 a huge office tower whose sign read clamp premiere regency office centre . 8 int . clamp centre - cable tv editing room 8 near a sign read clamp cable network , a news producer and reporter be editing videotape that we see on monitor . the tape be of the reporter do he standup in Chinatown , on Mr. wing 's board - up block . reporter ( on tv ) mister wing ' ath remove the last obstacl eveloper Daniel clamp 's long - ehinatown project ... producer " be then we go to the boss -- the video image switch to clamp be interview behind he spotless , high - tech desk . clamp ( on tv ) .obviously a sad occasion , but the bright side be that we can go ahead with something that will mean a great deal to the community down there ... reporter that old guy have some neat stuff in he store . you think they will auction it off , or ...? producer nash ... I hear they be just gonna tear it down . CUT to : 9 omit 9 10 int . mr. wingas store 10 camera move through the desert store , and settles on gizmo 's alcove . the mourn mogwai have climb into he old cage , and site in there with the door open . he wear a black armband , and sing a sad , minor - key version of he familiar song . lo CUT to : 10a the arm of a construction CRA " ) I oa move toward we , fast . C ) 10b int . store close on gizmo , reacting in fear cthe crane arm advance toward he . a wider angle show the crane C iing into the store . gizmo leap down from the cage , and narrowly escape , with the crane arm right behind he . as a rain of wood and planter debris fall around he , he run away ... 10c ext . alley behind store 10c ... into the alley behind the store , and scamper to safety behind a ashcan , he chest heaving . but now he look up , startle and scared ; a pair of human hand reach down into frame and capture he ... and smash CUT to : 11 a billboard 11 show the ostentatious structure Daniel clamp be building on the grave of Mr. wing 's stare . the copy read " coming soon - clamp chinatown CENTER - where Business get orient . " on the cut , there be music -- a rap song such as grandmaster flash 's " the message . " grandmaster flash ( v.0 . ) it 's like a jungle sometimes , it make I wonder how I keep from go under ... ( continued ) revised - may 3 , 1989 6. 0 11 continued 11 as MAIN title begin , pan down to ext . new york street ( time square area ) - morning the outright madness of New York at rush hour . herd of worker push past vendor , hookers , 3 - card monte artist , etc . camera settles on billy peltzer and he girlfriend kate , heroes of the gremlin siege of Kingston Falls . though they be a few year older now , billy and kate be still small - town type , who keep get elbow aside by the sidewalk crowd . billy wear business clothes , and kate be in a uniform - type skirt and blazer . spot universal price code-type bar code on the chest of billy 's sportscoat and kate 's blazer . kate I should be finish by six tonight . if we go straight from work , we can make the early Bird special at the movie . billy it 's go to be close . maybe we could do it tomorrow -- no , tomorrow 's when the futterman be S come to town . kate mister futterman must be get better , if he can travel . billy his wife say he 's get better . he 's just be -- rattle . kate I guess have a bunch of monster drive a snow plow through jour live room could kind of that to you . he almost get kie . billy right . ( check he watc4 li we be gonna be late , 12 ext . 45 th STREET 12 he step to the corner snail a taxi . taxi driver you goin ' a' the airport ? ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 7. 12 continuede 12 billy no , the -- the taxi roar away -- billy let go of the door handle just in time . kate billy ... I do not think we be get the hang of New York . 13 omit 13 13a ext . STREET near clamp centre - morning 13a follow billy and kate as they approach the clamp office building , where we see guy editing videotape earlier . billy I will try and get out early tonight . I have to finish that draw of the Chinatown building ... ( shake he head ) you know , I -had the whole thing just right they be make we take twent p ies off the World Trade Center ofjbvild look bigger . Z? F kate a lot of people be not as thered by that kind of thing as you be , billy . billy yeah , no kid ... I do not think I be get that promotion this year . kate that 's okay . we do not have to wait . billy yeah we do . it would not feel right , get marry on the money I be make now . it 's bad enough that you get I the job -- kate I do not get you the job , I just hear about it . billy , you can get promote and stuff if you want to , but you have to act like you deserve it . let people know you be there . 14 ext . clamp centre 14 they arrive at the door to the building 's lobby . in addition to regular glass door , there be a couple of revolving door , billy want to try the revolve door today ? before kate can answer , a worker enter one of the revolve door . the power- assist door , go too fast , whooshes he inside , and we hear -- worker ( o.s. ) aagghhh ! kate uh-uh . they use a regular door instead . 15 int . clamp centre lobby 15 the ultra-modern , m j ï¿½tal - style lobby include several retail business , include '' '' ½ ' 1 " '' ¿½sS , estaurant , a frozen yogurt stand , a beauty parlor , and cloth res . as billy and kate enter , they av i6l$ thread they way through several worker sprawle in front othe revolve door . the worker be get dizzily to they foot , gather they spill briefcase , etc . spot bar-code , like billy 's and kate 's , on the chest of several of the worker . kate wave hello to a thirtyish woman ( doreen ) who 's guide a tour group through the lobby . doreen wear a uniform like kate 's , plus a match hat in the shape of the building . doreen .hope you have enjoy you tour of the world 's most modern automated office building . do not forget , copy of Mr. clamp 's best -sell book , I take Manhattan , be on sale at the newsstand ... kate do not let thing get to you . ( continued ) they kiss . billy I wo not . 9. 15 continued : 15 follow billy to a bank of elevator . he push a button , and a " soothing " electronic voice speak . voice ( v.o. ) thank you for push the button . the elevator will be here soon . nearby , camera pick up Daniel clamp 's lieutenant Forster . as Forster walk hurriedly through the lobby , he belt pager beeps . at the sound , Forster change course , head for a alcove offer the lobby , where he unlks_ a cabinet and open it ' - ï¿½ " eveal it big tv screen with clamp 's impatient face on it , and a i&amp ;e _ camera on top . clamp ( on tv ) Forster , I have get the plan commission people come in here today . that condo I want to build , on top of the Chrysler building ? we 'rea a close to a okay . for yes sir . J ( on tv ) so I want a be place run like a clock the system , the people , verything . forster yes sir . I be do a decor compliance check this morning . tonight I be do a random drug search , and -- he 's interrupt as a aging man in a dracula costume ( grandpa fred ) come over to the cabinet and try to address clamp over the tv hookup . grandpa fred Excuse I . mister clamp , could I speak with you for a -- forster we be busy . grandpa fred I just need a -- Forster snap the cabinet shut . forster I say -- we be busy . 16 angle - billy at elevator 16 as the elevator door open , billy be join by marla , the chain -smoke , New york - out head of he department . marla billy -- billy hi , marla , how -- marla you Chinatown draw . we have to have it . it 's a crisis panic emergency . the printer be kill we -- billy yeah , I just have to -- they get on the elevator , with other worker . the door close . 17 int . elevator ( C ) 17 elevator voo ( v.o. ) please state you desire floor number . cin marla worker I have get thirty - ( to two people ' elevator ) scream at I for -- sixt -- elevator voice ( v.0 . ) you request be floor thirty - two . digital number flash past on the elevator 's display . worker ( to elevator ) no , no , not thirty -- billy ( to worker ) do not -- but it 's too late . elevator voice ( v.0 . ) you have cancel floor thirty - two . the elevator violently stop short , toss everybody around . elevator voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont . ) please state you new desire floor number . ( continued ) revise - 3/6/89 11 . 17 allrinum : marla 0 ( to elevator ) sixteen . ( to biiiy ) I hate this thing . the elevator stop at they floor , and the door open . billy follow marla out into 18 int . office area .---- ''s 18 the advertising department of Daniel clamp 's empire occupy modern , " open-plan " office -- endless beige partition form tiny cubicle full of " ergonomic " furniture . unseen speaker pipe in " white noise " -- low -volume static to insulate conversation . marla listen , this deadline . its not my fault . they be make I miserable so I have to make you miserable . it 's a complete heart attack disaster horgor story . as billy and marla walk , t ass a worker who 's - t4ing to get a drink from the d be ygr water_ when he push the button , the for ain 'ss , get ' vershoot by several inch , splashing onto the worker contort himself to get , a drink , , b be face splashed when the fountain surge . billy and marla a4lie at billy 's cubicle , whose " work station " consist of a dra g board and several drawer . the phone be equip with a video screen . spot a small , struggle potted plant , and , pin to the cubicle wall , billy 's drawing of the main street of Kingston Falls . on billy 's draw board be a illustration of clamp 's project Chinatown building -- _a l 's monstrosity with insane pagoda touch . but billy have try to breathe some ' 3 e into it , wit be T the street , kid fly dragon kite , etc . marla look over billy 's shoulder at the draw . billy it 's almost finish . I just have to make some -- marla that courtyard look cold . that would be nicer with the tree . billy be they go to plant tree 40 there ? ( cominued ) revise - 3/6/89 i1a . 18 cx inu : 18 0 marla no , but you be go to draw they . ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 12 . 18 continued : 18 billy but , Maria ---- marla elm . billy right . he 's about to sit down to work , when Daniel clamp 's lieutenant Forster and he clipboard - carry assistant come down the row of cubicle , look around . marla hi , mister Forster . Forster nod at marla , run a eye over billy 's cubicle . forster it look like somebody have not ( i employee manual ...d ' 1 it , be as he speak , Forster open a ï¿½therette folder and take out a bar-code read wand attach to the folder by curly cable . he run the wand over the bar-code on billy 's chest , and read from a lcd display in the 0 folder . forster ( cont . ) -- peltzer . billy uh , what 's -- forster unauthorize pot plant -- possible aphid infestation . as Forster 's assistant jot on he clipboard , billy put the plant in a desk drawer , and Forster spot billy 's draw on he partition . forster what ig this ? billy my home town . forster mister peltier , do you know how much the clamp organization have spend to provide its employee with art by recognize artist at this facility ? 0 he point to a piece of anonymous " bank art " on a nearby wall . ( continued ) ' revised 3/15/89 13 . 0 8 continued : ( 2 ) 18 forster ( cont . ) eye-resting . color-coordinated . authorize , billy yes air . it be just a -- forster a little touch , yes . maybe eyerybod here would like to do some little touch . coffee mug that say " World 's greatest lover . " the cute little hula doll they buy in Hawaii . the " snoopy " comic that just say it jj1 . you would like that , would not qu , mister peltzer ? d 1 billy q ) i don t see any -- q&gt ; forster come to work every day in a jy_q hundred million dollar flea mark xzz he turn to move on . 0 assistant with a " z , " right ? as the assistant follow Forster away , billy put he draw of Kingston Falls in a pocket . marla stew . marla billy , this be just what I do not need right now . do you realize we have get department review in three week ? this be a nuclear meltdown disaster , I mean it . billy sorry , marla . CUT to : 19 int . lobby 19 kate lead a group of tourist through the lobby . ( continued ) I revised - May 31 , 1989 14 . 0 19 continued : 19 kate the clamp Centre be the most advanced " smart building " in America , with the latest , in security , communication , and climate control . if you will follow I over here ... still talk , she take they toward a staircase . kate ( cont . ) the clamp Centre be just one part of mister clamp 's round - the-world business network , which include construction , sport , finance , and a popular line of jam and jelly ... and , of course , as that of you who have cable tv at home know , the clamp cable Network . 20 int . cable studio 4,t1iol room 20 close on a video image oft v with marge show . marge 0 take a dish from one of many ' be oven on she set . marge . some people have write in to say that , if they be serve this dish in a dark room , maybe for that romantic occasion , they notice a glow come from some of the meat course . now , that 's perfectly normal ... reveal that this image be on a control - room monitor at the clamp cable studio . billy , carry a shopping bag , pass the control roomand turn down a narrow hallway . 21 int . grandpa fred' studio 21 the run-down set of grandpa Fred 's House of horror , a host - horror-movie show . billy come in and stand behind the cameraman . grandpa fred , the guy who try to talk to Daniel clamp on the lobby tv hookup earlier , be a old trouper in a moth - eat dracula outfit . he 's give the show he demoralize best shot . ( continued ) 15 . 0 21 continued : 21 grandpa fred .tonight 's movie be so scary -- the people who see it when it come out in the theater twelve year ago be just learn how to speak simple phrase and eat solid food again ! that 's right ' . talk about scary ' it 's a good thing you grandpa Fred be here with you -- he wait for something he expect to hear , but it do not happen . he break character . grandpa fred ( c0 ) where 's the moan ? director ( 0. ( on p.a. from boo the what ? grandpa fa the moan . there 's pose to be a moan , from t ck , and I say , " oh , renfield , y a of u want some more fly , do not you , " and I go back there and open the door -- director ( o.s. ) oh. sorry , Fred . can somebody find the tape with the moan ? grandpa Fred sit down , disgust . billy go over to he . billy hi , Fred . hey , I be sorry to hear about you new time slot . I think they be make a big mistake . grandpa fred a mistake ? kid. it 's a disaster . people that watch tv at three - thirty in the morning be not scared of the wolfman . the only thing that scare that people be get sober and find work . billy yeah . I bring you something . ( continued ) revised 3/31/89 16 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 billy reach into he shopping bag , and pull out a mechanize bat that flap its wing as billy pull the trigger . grandpa Fred recoil . grandpa fred watch it with that thing . billy put the bat on top of a cobwebbed tv set that 's part of grandpa Fred 's set . billy I think it would look good over here . grandpa fred frankly , kid , this be not what I have in mind . I go into broadcasting , I want to do news . Public affair . something meaningful . billy horror movie can be meaningful , Fred . you should run some of the classic -- frankenstein , m a cula ... S grandpa fred all the great horror movie be in black and white . mister clamp only like color . I donky ven have a gimmick . no species effect . a puppet that c 's out of a box -- whoopee . director ( o.s. ) o we have get the moan , Fred . a listless , anemic moan be hear through the p.a . grandpa fred that 's the moan ? director ( o.s. ) that 's what we have get , Fred . and ... roll ... grandpa Fred gamely go back into character . grandpa fred oh , renfield , you want some -- director ( 0 .$ . ) E lunch , everybody . sorry , Fred . we will pick it up right there . ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 17 . 0 22 int . lobby - billy and grandpa fred 22 follow billy and Fred as they walk through the lobby . billy you should run some of the classic , Fred -- ffankenstein , dracula ... grandpa fred all the great horror movie be in black and white . mister clamp only like color . that guy be str___._. ange . billy you have see he ? grandpa fred well , of in person , but -- just to this building . you know wha V t no for tenant they have here ? there ' esearch laboratory upat t2 -- tenet , ] c research . foolin d with animal , cut thly .last 3 F week , they take out a patent on a new kind of gerbil . people think ia creepy . billy well -- I want to get away from Kingston Falls . I guess I do . grandpa fred you. get that right , kid . have you hear this voice they have here now ? do not look at I like that . you know that white noise they play all the time ? the static ? billy yeah . that 's so they can put people close together and they will not overhear each other . you be not suppose to notice it . grandpa fred sure . but if you listen to it -- there be little voice in there . 0 you can almost hear what they be say , but not really . that 's a horror movie -- the Building that wuld not shut ton . ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 17a . 22 continued : 22 0 what would do that for ? grand fred that 's what th id 's come to , kid . you can not talk to yourself without ebody interrupt . CUT to : 0 0 revised - May 31 , 1989 18 . Z3 int . system control CENTER 23 the clamp Centre 's " nerve center " look like a air traffic control tower : technician hunch over meter , monitor , and switch , tracking the building 's system . Forster come in and walk past several technician , look over they shoulder . one computer monitor track the elevator ' movement , while other give spy-camera view of employees in corridor , bathroom , etc . Forster talk to a technician who man control label " white noise " and " voice . " forster let I hear the voice . the technician bring up voice on a speaker . they sound like voice - over on slick tv commercial . announcers ' voice ( dynamic many . I be a honest kind of guy -- and not steal office supplies work for I , and e way I live today ... 0 ( sexy 4 when I save m ' the clamp organization , I fe go4 about myself all over ... ( brainy man ) you know , I have be thinkin mister clamp would make a great president ... forster that 's fine -- a technician to Forster ) it 's for you , sir . Forster turn to see a technician point at a monitor show clamp face . Forster greet the screen . forster yes , mister clamp . clamp ( on tv ) I be go to a meeting about the vermont thing . it look like that takeover be go to happen . forster that 's terrific , sir . ( continued ) revise - 3/6/89 19 . 23 o C ntinue 23 clamp ( on tv ) no kid . how many guy do you know that have they own state ? do I show you that picture of the mountain ? forster yes sir . tall ! clamp ( on tv ) while I be in there , get that revolve door fix downstairs . it short out last night while I have some money people here . Mrs. tanaka be still spin . forster I will -- but a Camp logo ; ill the monitor screen , and clamp 's face disappe rs behipo - it . Forster turn and look over a technician 's shoulder at a monitor . a spy camera show a stress - out employee lighting a cigarette in a storeroom . tv ) 0 Forster punch button on the cinsole , pick up a microphone and talk into it : forster . 5 not . ) that 's a unaut iz , pd break period , pal . a do not work here anymore . on the monitor , the startle employee look around for the source of the voice . forster ( cont . ) we have a problem communicate here ? you be go . clean out the desk . one hour . thanks so much . he put down the mike , and move on to lczgï¿½..ï¿½aatierâ°`t4`s ' " sioul " d ? be p switch mark oxygen . ' forster ( cc3nt . ) what be you do ? technician ( indicate meter ) there 's not much air in the building , sir . 0 ( gon ' pin [ jed ) revised 34 1 /89 20 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 0 forster at four o'clock , people go into a slump . then we give they oxygen , technician yes air . CUT to : 24 int . genetics lab - reception area 24 with its cheerful wall sign read splice -o-life inc . , this reception area seem normal , except for the animal noise that drift in from the back room . a messenger with a package , find no one at the rception desk , go past it , into a inner corridor ... 24a int . corridor / genetics lab 24a .to the fringe of a laboratory so high - tech it make the rest of the building look down -home . as he look into the lab , peer curiously at scientist , gadget , pot plant and cage animal , he attention be capture by a SOUND from the 0 back -- gizmo 's song , in that sad minor key . half - consciously , the messenger pick up the melody , and start whistling it to himself -- until peggy , the lab 's receptionist , come over to he . lcn peggy 11.0 can I help you ? C ) messenger yeah , get a delivery here .. he follow she back to 24b int . reception area 24b messenger what kind of stuff do they do - ft there , anyway ? peggy we be not suppose to talk about it . messenger huh . this be for Doctor catheter . 0 peggy I can sign for it . ( continued ) revised 3/15/89 21 . 24b continued : 24b 0 Peggy 's get a bad case of the sniffles -- she blow she nose as she sign the paperwork and hand it back . messenger okay . this copy 's yours . thanks . whistle gizmo 's tune again , the messenger leave the office -- almost run into dr . catheter , splice -o- life 's chief scientist , who 's on he way in . peggy Doctor catheter , this just come for you . dr . catheter ( take package ) oh , good . this might be my malaria ... ( open package ) no , this be just raby . I have raby . and I be suppose to get the flu this week . lr peggy I think the flu be on b; eo - order . she take out a kleenex , blow he ( ; Z&gt ; nose again . Dr. catheter hold he hand out . q dr . cathete May I have that , peg peggy q ) oh , uh -- sure ... Dr. catheter take the kleenex , and head for the inner office . dr . catheter ( shake he head ) back order . all a man want be some fresh germ ... follow catheter back to 25 int . genetics lab 25 in this closer look , we see that many of the plant and animal in the lab be hook up to mysterious gadget . catheter go over to wally , a white - coat scientist . the fluorescent light over wally 's area be flicker . 0 dr . catheter hello , wally . you light be flicker again . ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 21a . 0 25 continuedi 25 wally 's eye be blinking in precise synch with the flicker of the fluorescent bulb . wally be they ? Dr. catheter turn to a table where several different pot vegetable plant be att ed to collect tube that feed into a central glass vial . dr . cafter how be we do on a vegetable medley plant , wally talk to the Bird 's - Eye peopl ain . they be very excited . wally nod , sighing -- the long -sgff ring researcher . wally we come close yesterday , Doctor . but it reject the pimento . dr . catheter you will get it , wally . 0 wally I be very pleased about this bat project , though ... he lead catheter toward a group of animal cage , wally ( cont . ) you know , in some part of the world , there be million of bat . they could make terrific messenger , like pigeon ... dr . catheter yes , but they only come out at night . wally that 's what we be work on , sir . they arrive at a cage where a rest bat hang upside down . a intravenous tube , stick out of the bat 's flesh , be connect to a drip bottle whose label bear a shine SUN logo . wally ( cont . ) this be a formula of vitamin , 0 hormone , and french sunblock . soon , he will be totally desensitize to bright light . watch -- ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 21b . 0 continuedi 25 wally flip a switch , and a bright sunlamp shine on the bat . the little creature stretch luxuriously , warming itself in the ray , like a bask cat . dr . catheter very nice . catheter draw closer to wally , and speak with creepy fascination : dr . theter ( cont . } I believe sow they feed on ... ï¿½gï¿½ . % wally oh , uh -- that 's fferent bat , Doctor . South amen . dr . cathbtf " ( disappointed ) ah. well , good work , lly ... catheter move on . another scientist approach wally in b.g . ( continued ) revised May i1 , 1989 22 . 25 continued : 25 scientist 0 wally , could you let I have some growth hormone ? I be a little short . follow catheter to another side of the lab , where two more scientist be at work . one of they ( lewis ) greet catheter , while the other ( martin ) have he back to we at the moment . dr . catheter ( cont . ) hello , Lewis . lewis hi , Doctor . dr . catheter how 's that cloning work come ? Martin turn around . he be Lewis 's identical twin . martin R R e l_ well , Doctor . the twin talk in rapid e nation , as if they share a brain . lewis t a say , Doctor , look at 0 martin . I think you will find it interesting . follow the SOUND of the croon that catch the messenger 's attention , they take catheter over to a lab table where the light be lowered above a cover cage . Martin pull back the cloth to reveal gizmo , who stop sing and look up at they . lewis some sort of rodent , apparently ... martin .and it can not take bright light . lewis watch this , Doctor . he open the side door of gizmo 's cage and turn on a tape player . hear the bouncy rock music , gizmo playfully dance out of the cage as the scientist talk . dr . catheter hmp ! qu-te , be not he ? martin that may be genetic ... ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 lewis . we be not sure yet . but as he amuse he captor , gizmo be slyly look around for a way out of here . he edge farther away from the cage ... dr . catheter not so fast , pal . he abruptly switch the music off , and grab gizmo just before the mogwai can make good he escape . Dr. catheter stick the frighten gizmo back in the cage , and shut the side door firmly . dr . catheter ( cont . ) what 's wrong with you two ? he almost make a break for it . martin sorry , sir dr . catheter how be you go to pro , with he ? ( vim lewis 113 cell sample tomorr martin . tissue culture hursday . dr . catheter and then there 's body structure . and for that , my little friend ... the three scientist loom over the terrify gizmo . Dr. catheter reach into the cage to give gizmo a poke . dr . catheter ( cont . ) . we will just have to cut you . CUT to : 26 int . billy 0 26 billy , in he cubicle , stare at he Chinatown draw . just as he lower pencil to paper , the light overhead go out . billy Hell . the worker in the next cubicle speak up . ( continued ) 24 , 0 26 continued : 26 cubicle neighbor jump around . billy what ? cubicle neighbor you sit still for too long . the building think you leave . it 's save energy . jump around . billy jump around , and the light come back on , as the messenger who visit the genetics lab come to the cubicle neighbor 's desk with a package . messenger Package for you . cubicle neighbor oh . thanks . but as the cubicle neighbor sign theï¿½ ( p erwork , the messenger whistle to himself -- gizmo 's song minute , in that sad minor . for a moment , billy do not regis t -- and then camera catch the realization dawn qï¿½ 's face , as he look over the cubicle partition and ask ijr'lntly : billy where do you heaa - 11 ; at ? messenger huh ? billy that music . where do you hear it ? messenger oh , uh -- ( hum ) dah dah , dah dah dah dah -- be not that by sting ? billy no . it 's not by sting . think . where do you -- messenger oh , hey -- I know . I be up in that laboratory , you know , on eighteen , and somebody be , like , hum it -- ( continued ) revised 3/15/89 25 . 0 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 billy do you see who it be ? messenger nuh-uh , it be in the back -- billy take off . 27 int . splice -o- life - reception area 27 Peggy be sit at the reception desk as billy come in , carry a red toolbox . billy how you doin ' ? I bear you copier 's down . peggy oh. hi . it 's back in ther4 . 28 int . genetics lab 28 as the scientist work , animal makb-restless noise in they cage , most of which be hide by cover cloth . billy stroll in and start " fix the copying machine , 0 remove part at random as he whistle gizmo 's song . a moment later , the melody come b&amp ;ek to he , in gizmo 's croon , from a corner where there be several cover cage . billy look around -- the scientist be absorb in they work . 29 angle - scientist 29 Martin and Lewis have clipped electrode to the ear of a nervous-look rat . they be prepare to throw the toggle switch of a strange - look device connect to the electrode , as Dr. catheter look on . martin this be the most interesting bio - electrical work I have ever be involved in . here you go , boy ... he feed the rat some liquid from a vial with a lightning - bolt insignia on its label . lewis think of it ... million of rat in New York , and everyone hate they ... ( continued ) revised 3/15 /89 26 . 29 continued : 29 martin but if one of they could power a portable radio for a month ... he throw the switch . the rat 's eye widen , then calm down as the current go off . Dr. catheter touch the rat , and quickly pull he hand back from the electric SHOCK . dr . catheter definite progress , fellow . if we could just make it safe to touch they ... martin and lewis hmm ... 30 30 angle - billy he wander back to the corner zmo 's voice be come from . two cage monkey chatter at lm as he pass . F billy , whistling , lift the ctiver on the wrong cage . he drop it in shock as he get a glimpse of a growth -hormone experiment : a hairy spidebout twelve inch across . then , as gizmo 's singin news , billy 's eye fall on the right cover cage -- and theeam scalpel arrange next to it . billy head back to the copying machine . on the way , he flip the latch on the monkey ' cage -- -- and be back at the copier in time to look up , " surprised , " as the excited monkey scamper past he into the center of the lab , distracting the scientist -- lewis Theodore ! what be you do out ? martin Alvin ! put down that DNA ! as the scientist chase the monkey , billy hurry to gizmo 's cage . he open the cage , and he eye meet gizmo' -- it 's hard to say which of then be more excited . but the gala reunion will have to wait . billy scoops gizmo into he toolbox . he walk out of the lab , leave the copier a mess . 0 revised 3/15 /89 26a . 31 int . corridor 31 walk faster now , billy duck into a man 's bathroom , whose wordless sign show a little emblematic man hold a briefcase . 32 int . bathroom 32 billy go through a small anteroom and a second door , into the bathroom , where he lean against the door , catch he breath . ( continued ) 0 revised May 16 , 1963 27 . E int . bathroom 32 32 billy go through a small anteroom and a second door , into the bathroom , where he lean against the door , catch he breath . he start to lift the cover on the cage , then remember to turn the light down . he lift the cover -- a boy and he mogwai ! emotion flood over they face -- recognition , relief , share secret and memory . billy prop the cage on a sink , take gizmo out . billy hey , guy ... do you miss I ? gizmo do eye movement -- shyly hedge , then admit it . billy ( cont . ) yeah , I too . let 's put you up here . we do not want to get any water on you . gizmo ( twitterpg of strong agreement . ) 0 's do gizmo shrink back , terrify . billy ( cont . ) that bad , huh ? how do you get in there ? what happen to mister wing ? gizmo look sad -- indicate he armband . billy ( cont . ) oh. I be sorry . but then -- he stop at a sudden SOUND -- voice in the anteroom between the bathroom and the hail . billy ( cont . ) Quick -- get in here . he slip gizmo into the tool box , above he protest twitter . billy ( cont . ) sshh -- just wait a minute -- ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 28 . 32 continued ; 32 R billy set about furiously wash he hand , just as Forster come into the bathroom . billy do not see he stand there , until he shake water off he hand -- forster you be wetting my shoe , peltzer . billy see Forster , see the shoe , grab a paper towel and be about to drop to he knee . billy I be sorry , sir -- let I -- forster stand up , peltzer . come with I . billy grab the tool box and follow Forster out the door . as they go into the anteroom , Forster 's clipboard - carry assistant join they . # 33-41 omit 33--41 # 42 int . corridor 42 with he assistant be ) fï¿½lly watch , Forster point to the sign on the bathroom d respect forster do you know what that ean , peltzer ? billy it mean " man 's bathroom . " forster what be the man hold ? billy in the bathroom ? forster on the sign , peltzer . billy oh . a little briefcase , sir . forster that 's right . because this -- be the executive washroom . I do not think you belong in there , do you peltzer ? 0 billy oh. well . my mistake -- ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 29 . 0 42 continued : 42 Forster whip the bar-code reader wand out of he leatherette folder , run it over billy 's chest insignia again , and push a button in the folder . a calculator- type printout churn out of the gadget , and Forster look it over . forster ( reading ) lateness infraction ... and this sat score -- billy ( try to see ) that 's in there ? Forster snap the folder shut . gizmo , restless , rattle the tool box . forster what 's in the box , peltzer ? billy oh , uh -- art supplies . ( ratt 's box harder ) I be mixin ' nts . well , I better get back t 1 here -- 0 he back down the hall , th / j ns and speed up . hold on Forster and he assistant , with ing billy leave . forster hm . I think we " random " drug search later on should be very interesting . assistant ( jot on clipboard ) get it , sir . 43 int . billy cubicle 43 billy return to he cubicle , the restless tool box still in hand . he open a drawer in he desk , slip gizmo inside . billy ( cont . ) gizmo , you have get to be quiet . you do not want to go back to that laboratory , do you ? gizmo ( muffled twitter of acquiescence . E billy we will go home soon , and -- ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 30-/31 - 43 continued : 43 40 billy be interrupt by someone gasping sharply beside he , and he realize that all noise and conversation around he have cease . he quickly slam he desk drawer shut , almost squashing gizmo 's paw -- -- and look up to sef ' one stare as Daniel clamp , with two bodyguard , walk do ï¿½e row of cubicle . no one can quite believe that the tyc on here in the flesh . 40 revised May 11 , 1989 E 4 ? continued : ( 2 ) 43 Maria move quickly to greet he , and they meet beside billy 's cubicle . marla mister clamp -- sir , I be marla bloodstone , I be the department head here , if there 's anything I can -- clamp that 's okay . everybody just relax , and go back to what you would be do normally . I know I have not be down here before , but that 's go to change . I be go to be a little more " hand - on " with this operation from now on ... as he speak , clamp glance over billy 's shoulder , and spot the Chinatown draw . cla ' ?10 not . ) hey , t.h , 's be ex 1a billy this ? clamp you have capture the whole essence of the project here . look at the kid with the kite . that 's warmth . I like warmth . what 's you name ? billy peltzer . billy -- Bill peltzer . marla watch , saucer -ey , as clamp shake hand with billy . clamp that 's what we need here . people who produce . ( point to draw ) let 's lose this elm tree , though . people think " elm , " they think " dutch , " " disease " -- gizmo 's drawer rattles open . billy snap it shut . clamp ( cont . ) what 's with that drawer ? E ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 33 . 43 continuedt 43 E billy oh , it 's , uh -- it 's automatic . it open up now and then , in case you need anything . clamp huh . I do not know about that one . he move on , nodd vaguely at marla -- who go over to billy , look at he through completely new eye . marla do you hear that ? " people who produce . I have be work here six year , and I have never even see he in person . billy well -- he like the draw bl ) marla this be big , billy . T i.s career opportunity , q4 cement window . for both billy 0 it be ? marla clearly . we can talk about it at dinner . billy oh . that soundsgreat . I could do it , let 's see ... marla tonight . billy no , I can not tonight . I have get -- a appointment . marla I have get something tonight too , billy . a brochure for the clamp cable archery Channel . it 's a total suicide trauma red alert deadline situation . and you know what ? I be let it go to have dinner with you . E billy I just do not think I can -- ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 34 . 40 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 his desk drawer start rattling again . billy shove it firmly close . marla what ,g with that drawer , billy ? I know every feature in this building . we do not have anything that open itself . billy oh -- I knock against it with my leg , I be -- marla billy , be you keep some kind of pp I in there ? it 's a good thing mister clamp like you so much , because -- billy a pet ? no , no , I be alle $ , ; marla , '' '' l let.me see . come billy you know -- I think if we leave right now , I could go to dinner . just a quick one -- marla great . there 's this very chic new restaurant . it 's canadian . they clean the fish right at you table . billy sound terrific . marla let I just grab my coat , and I will be right back . as marla go o.s. , billy slip gizmo 's drawer open and talk into it . billy gizmo ... I have to go now . just wait here , okay ? just stay put for a few minute and -- he hurriedly close the drawer as marla approach . E marla ready ? ( continued ) revised - June 2 , 198 35 . 4 3 continued ; ( 3 ) 43 billy yeah . he grab he sportcoat , and follow Maria toward the elevator . as they go , camera hold on gizmo 's drawer . it slowly shake i open , and the curious mogwai 's eye and ear come into view , i check out the world of billy 's office . gizmo duck back out of sight ... but , a moment later , a chain of large paper clip be toss down from the drawer , make a ladder to the floor . as gizmo start hoist himself over the edge of the drawer , CUT to : 43a int . lobby 43a as billy and marla get off the elevator . billy uh -- could you excuse I a second ? I will be right back . sure . billy head for a alcove at the 44 int . tour guide ' office 44 -- and show up in the little tour-guide office to find kate take off she microphone rig . kate hi ! I be almost ready -- billy iii.. listen , xate -- kate what 's wrong ? billy nothing . um , nothing 's wrong , but I can not go out tonight . I have a --- meeting . with some people . kate oh , damn . billy I know . I be sorry . but it 's good E for -- what we be talk about , you know ? letting people know I be there and everything ? ( continued ) revised - June 2 , 1989 35a . 44 continued : 44 E kate in the middle of the night ? ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 36 . 0 44 continued3 44 billy kate , I need you to do something for I . gizmo 's here . kate what ? billy it 's a long story -- I will explain it later . he 's up in my desk drawer . you have to take he home . kate take he ham ? billy , this be nut . if that thing start run around in New York -- billy there will not be any " thin ust remember the rule . h a ''.t take bright light -- a ec sunlight . it , 1 he . and you can not get wat he . and the most important thing -- never feed 0 he after midnight . kate can not he just -- go back where you find he ? billy no . I have to go to this -- meeting . please -- I will be home as soon as I can , a beat . kate ( sigh ) okay . let I take this stuff off and punch out , and then I will go get he . billy great . thanks . he give she a quick kiss , and leave the tour guide ' office . kate wait a moment , then look out into the lobby ... 44a int . lobby - kate Pov 44a i .and see billy leave the building with marla . CUT to : revised - June 2 , 1989 36a . 0 45 omit 45 46 omit 46 47 omit 47 48 omit 48 48a int . billy office area 48a a janitor , push a cart of clean supplies , come into the office area . gizmo , on the floor , peek around a corner to watch as the cart 's wheel rumble past he . as see by gizmo , the tower janitor stop at the department 's water fountain and try to get a drink . the fountain 's spigot overshoot , give the janitor a splash in the face . gizmo inch away from the source of the water , and -- see a puddle on the carpet where the water land -- carefully avoid it . he keep move , and evade a second arc of errant water from the fountain . the janitor decide t ) gx , the fountain . attack the spigot with a wrench , he send off 1 morq stream of water . to duck 0 they , gizmo take cover , back , isu ; under billy 's desk ... . and do not see a big splash F 'o }wezï¿½ hit billy 's Chinatown picture . while gizmo , think the danger be pass , step out from under the desk , the bright color of billy 's painting blur , and the blob of water roll down the illustration board ... . down the side of the desk ... gizmo look up , but too late . from he Pov , the blob of paint - tinted water be huge , and come down fast . it hit he -- -- and , as the janitor 's foot and the wheel of he cart pass in â‚¬.g. , camera hold on gizmo on the floor , writhe in pain . the janitor leave , and gizmo scream , as -- thwip ! thwip ! -- two tiny furball shoot out of he body and land in the open drawer of a nearby filing cabinet . thwip ! the painful mogwai replication continue , and a third furball carom off a draft table and into a wastebasket . thwip ! the fourth and final offspring shoot from gizmo 's body , and -- as gizmo watch in horror and pain -- bounce crazily around the office area , a little superball of fur . as gizmo sit up and look up , we watch with he -- four newborn mogwai hand reach out of the filing cabinet drawer , grip S the top edge from inside . ( continued ) revised - June 2 , 1989 36b . 48a continued : 48a C camera move in on the cabinet drawer , and the first two new mogwais be reveal , stand in the drawer : GEORGE and lenny , a inseparable pair . lenny be big , dumb , and loyal , while George be small , with a criminal caginess -- he get lenny to do everything for he . gizmo watch the wastebasket where the third furball land start to rock back and forth -- but be distract as the bouncing furball hit the floor in front of he , then ricochet up onto a desktop . to SOUND fx of a bowl ball hit the pin , the furball roll into a desk corner , and the third mogwai unfold -- upside - down . this be daffy , a dizzy , uncontrollably antic mogwai with the dement juvenile joie de vivre we associate with the great daffy duck . in the first second follow birth , daffy go daffy over the very fact of be alive . he see he little hand and foot unfold , . and give a whoop doe ) ( waco ! -- as gizmo watch the rarr , k n :, wa t basket tip over . look into the basket , we ( and gizmo ) SE ` umble of office wastepaper , which be violently toss e ut ... .until mohawk , the fourth new mogwai , emerge . this guy be pure , malicious evil , a new strain of badness . even as a furry mogwai , he 's about as cuddly as a cockroach . while daffy , up on the desktop , start play with everything in sight ... . Mohawk , on the floor , move in on gizmo . gizmo uh-oh. George and lenny drop down to the carpet to join Mohawk , as gizmo -- stand now -- back away . there 's a grate vent open low on the wall behind he . lenny grab gizmo with a fast -move paw , and Mohawk , move in close , spit in gizmo 's eye . 4 8 aa angle - billy cubicle window 48 aa through the glass window of billy 's cubicle , we hear daffy act up -- daffy wa-hog ! ( continued ) revised - June 2 , 1989 37 , 48aa continued : 48 aa # -- and move in to see he put wet-paint paw print all over the glass and the desk . 4 8b . angle - gizmo and mogwais as before 48b 1 George point to the vent open behind gizmo , and whisper to lenny . lenny nod he dumb understanding , and yank the force - fit grate out of the wall . he clumsily bump George with the grate , and George slap he . 48 bb int . vent 48 bb gizmo be tossed into the vent . . .and the grate be slam back into place , imprison he . the three mogwais tease he through the grate , and leave . gizmo try to push the grate back out , but can not do it . 4 8 bbb tnt . hallway - angle on vent 48 bbb gizmo look out mis ' jra.bly though the vent ... . and camera pull v8 tk'from - , he , to show the feet of depart human , who be oblivious to - : the strange , imprison creature a - , few foot away .. CUT to : 0 revised - June with , 1989 38 . 49 omit 49 50 omit 50 50a int . billy office area - elevator 50a a few late worker get on the elevator where billy and marla get off this morning . camera spot George , lenny , and Mohawk , hang back in the shadow of a'nearby coffee station ... watch the elevator , scoping it out , as the door close and the electric number above the door start tracking the car 's descent . CUT to : 51 int . lobby 51 kate , she hat off , head for the elevator . even fun-seeker be replace worker in the lobby . 51a int . lobby elevator : " -4 another angle 51a a elevator arrive in , theï ¿½'t 'obby . as the door open , low angle find the janitor 's feet , at cl.r , nng cart get off . after they be go , the head of georg ; hny , and Mohawk , arrange totem - pole-style , peek out of a lot 'ic orner of the elevator . 52 omit 52 52a int . billy office 52a Forster and a security guard come down the row of desert cubicle . the guard have a mean-look dog strain on a leash , sniffing at everything . as they near billy 's cubicle , the dog start sniffing excitedly . forster hah ! good boy ! I know we would find something in this guy 's desk -- -- but as they reach billy 's desk , they find daffy 's paint paw print tracking crazily over every surface . the dog keep go bananas , but it 's not drug he smell -- it 's the dander of the recently depart daffy . forster ( cont . ) look at this mess ! what kind of footprint be this ? guard hard to say , sir . a possible C gerbil . ( continued ) revised June 16 , 1989 39 . 0 52a continued : 52a forster he 's bring pet to work . I do not believe this guy - it 's not just plant . he 's get to have 1 , _. e 's t ock . CUT to : 52b int . lobby 52 B at the base of a lobby planter , camera spot George , lenny , and Mohawk . unnotice by pass people , they be digging the nighttime world of the lobby . 53 int . billy office 53 kate , walk toward bil 's cubicle , stop as she hear a pierce wolf - whistle , t she . she turn sharply , look around , see nobody -- -- until she eye light on a nearp j96 3 cabinet , where daffy hang out of a drawer , ogling she . 0 kate gizmo , how would you get up there ? 53a angle - gizmo in vent 53a gizmo , imprison in the vent , sees kate mistake daffy for he . he shake he head , twitter , point to himself -- but he 's too far away to get she attention . 53b angle - kate and daffy as before 53b kate take daffy out of the drawer , but she 's not happy about this -- especially when daffy leer at she . kate ( cont . ) billy say to take you home . you would better stay in my purse till we get out of the building . ( continued ) revise 3/3v89 4o . 53b continuedi 53b she slip he into the purse , put it over she shoulder . as gate head for the exit , a angle into she purse ... 54 angle - kate purse 54 .find daffy smirk . daffy ( softly ) wahqq ! CUT to : 55 omit 55 56 int . canadian restaurant - night 56 the restaurant be decorate in a canadian motif ; the salt shaker be hollow - out hockey puck . camera find a booth where marla , drink jolt cola from a wine glass , be edging closer to billy , who 's nursing a beer . marla do you always know you be go to be a artist ? 0 billy well -- I always like to draw . when I be little , with my crayon , I would do this comic strip , and drawing of the teacher and stuff ... marla I have crayon too , i y . and when I be four year old , I be use they to write dos to the other child . even then , I know . c_j CD billy hub . that 's something marla be not this great ? we ' _ jinally get to know each otdr . you can not do that in a office . billy well , in there , everything 's business -- ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 4oa . 56 continued ! 56 marla right . now , let 's talk strategy . you realize , this change everything -- for you , I , the department ... billy what do ? marla you relationship to mister clamp . you access . I can see a future , billy . I see more office space ... emboss letterhead ... I see we -- ( lower she voice ) -- swallow up the publicity department . billy wow . I be be open 4th billy . - have not talk abQu feeling with anyone . billy see , I usually do not pay too much attention to office politics and stuff . I have so much work to do on the illustration -- marla you have talent , billy , and that 's wonderful . it 's a god-given bless situation . but even a artist have to have goal . billy definitely . it 's like I be say to kate , I say , honey , you know , for a artist -- Maria lean closer to billy , she tone more intimate than before . marla I can help you reach that goal , billy . if we join force ... billy oh , we should definitely join -- billy feel something in he lap . he look down . it be marla 's stockinge foot . ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 40b . 56 continued : 56 billy ( cont . ) -- force . just at that moment -- canadian waiter ( 0.s. ) Sir ? -- a waiter appear at billy 's side , hold a platter contain a large moose head sculpt out of chocolate . billy be so startle to find the moose stare at he that he spill he beer in he lap . Maria quickly withdraw she foot , and billy blot at the spill with a napkin . canadian waiter ( cont . ) you okay there , sir ? another molson there , eh ? billy no , uh , thanks ' . everything 's fine . CA a waiter this be a for canadian dessert , sir . e olate moose . can I out you a a eree ? billy W no , thanks , I , uh -- I have rea y get to get go . I have get that -- appointment . I be sorry about you , uh -- marla oh , that 's okay -- ( continued ) revised - June 9 , 1989 41 . 56 continued : 56 as billy get up from the booth , marla -- not give up without a fight -- grab he tie . the waiter step back , and marla pull billy down close to she , plant a kiss on he cheek , leave a lipstick imprint . when billy slip loose , he find the chocolate moose stare at he again . marla ( cont . ) -- see you tomorrow . billy good. right . he escape the be au rant . 57 ext . billy and ka build - night 57 establish they apa ? wr house -- it 's pretty run-down . 0 revise - 3/6/89 42 . 0 58 int . billy and kate apartment - kitchen 58 kate have put daffy on the kitchen counter . nearby , she unwrap some kentucky fry Chicken . on the counter , spot a few of rand peltzer 's seldom - use kitchen invention . kate billy say to make sure and feed you before midnight ... as she arrange chicken and mashed potato on a plate , daffy spot a blender next to he . he recoil from it -- then , with a evil grin , he shove it off the counter while kate 's back be turn , breaking it . when she turn and look , daffy have a innocent loop " expression on he face . kate oh , God - you have to be careful here , okay , gizmo ? we do not have the money to replac thing . daffy nod contritely . ka ing he the food . katednt . } let 's see i for cwu ' l i eat this -- daffy grab a chick liï¿½g , open he mouth as wide as Joe E. Brown 's , clamp 0 - 11 n the drumstick , and strip all the meat off in one fast ion , bring out a spotless bone . with he other paw , daffy try the mashed potato . he hate they , and pitch what he 's hold , get half the wad on kate and half on the refrigerator . kate ( cont . ) I do not know what billy see in you . daffy whoops , grab more chicken , and resume eat . CUT to : 59 omit 59 60 omit 60 61 omit 61 62 omit 62 62a ext . billy and kate apartment build - night 62a billy get out of a taxi in front of the building , and hurry inside . revise - 3/6/89 43./44./45. 40 63 int . billy and kate apartment ( entryway ) - night 63 kate answer the doorbell . billy ( o.s. ) its I . she undoe the deadbolt and open the door . billy rush in . billy ( cont . ) hi. I be sorry I be late -- he give she a fast kiss on the lip -- and , as he let go of she , see that she 's spatter with food . billy ( cont . ) what happen to you ? kate do not answer -- she look at the lipstick mark on billy 's face . k do you har q good meeting ? ' 40 B B illy uh , y it be fine . where 's gizm kate it 's in the kitchen . billy -- she follows he to the kitchen . billy do you feed he ? kate yes -- billy ( call ahead ) hey , giz , how you -- they come into the kitchen , which be a mess from daffy 's food , throw . the mogwai be hide behind a little barricade of lean cuisine box . as kate and billy enter , he throws a lump of freeze pineapple that nail billy on the forehead . ( C 'j iri : ued ) c7 46 . 3 continued : 63 0 , billy ( cont . ) ow ! gizmo , what 's -- billy lean over the barricade and look in -- as daffy toss a glop of cherry cobbler , splattering billy 's face . billy kate ... kate , where do you find this guy ? kate in you office -- near that drawer , where you say -- billy , look out ! too late -- daffy lobs a single - serve pudding - pack at billy . it burst on impact , stain he shirt . 1h billy ( to daffy ) ï¿½ where 's gizmo ? the mogwai spit , then wing kate with a piece of salisbury steak . billy look at the wall clic : it 's 11:15 . billy we have get to get over here . kate billy -- you say there be not go to be that -- billy there will not be . not if they do not eat after midnight . kate ( indicate daffy ) what about -- he ? billy we will have to take he with we . he snatch a lean cuisine box away and grab daffy , almost get bitten in the process . kate follow billy as he take the flail daffy into the live room and stuff he into he leather daypack . daffy ( semi - intelligible ) wahoo ! no ! elbow room ! do not fence I -- ( continued ) revised May 11 , x989 47 . 63 continued : 63 the daypack jump around wildly as billy zip it shut . billy you ever want to get out of there , you better relax . daffy settles down to a low rumble . billy ( cont . ) that 's better . they grab they coat , start toward the door . billy ( cont . ) mister wing be right ... kate about what ? billy when he come to take gizmo back . I ask he how come he could understand what gizmo be say ... say you just have to know how isten . but he say I be not be cw to for the 0 responsibili d I be not -- as they reach the door , the ï¿½ ? q x zzer sound . billy ( cont . ) 5 great . kate who could it be this late ? 64 new angle 64 billy open the door , and find murray futterman , the snow plow driver from gremlin , and he wife sheila . kate mister futterman ! Mrs. futterman ... billy we think you be come tomorrow -- mr. futterman we think so too . the guy in my old outfit , they change the date for the reunion . we try to call 0 you , but we have to get on the Greyhound . tconti - revised May 11 , 1989 47a . 40 64 continued : 64 sheila thirty - two hour ' . we be sorry to come here so late -- kate no , no , that 's okay . would you like some coffee , or -- sheila no , do not you go to any trouble , hon . ( continued ) 04 , 0 ''0o6 revised May 3 , 1989 64 continued : 64 mr. futterman Boy , we try to get a cab up here -- do you know they have rugsilan guy drivin ' cab in this burg ? what if somebody get in one of that cab with a briefcase full of atomic secret ? be anyone think about that ? sheila Murray , you remember what Doctor Kaplan say . we be go to stay nice and calm -- ( to billy ) Murray be a little ... distress after , you know , what happen with that , um -- ( mime gremlin ) mr. futterman aah , I be fine . I be just a little jumpy for a while -- billy 's daypack squeak . billy slip the bag under he arm and squeeze it , forcibly quieting daffy . 40 mr. futterman ( cont . ) what 's that ? sheila it 's okay , honey . I hear it too . mr. furman of course you hea it too . what do you mean ? bil it 's , uh -- plumbing here . it ... make n e sometimes . Sheila , look at qty , spot something -- ie I LA oh , mur I think we interrupt this two . ( continued ) 0 revisee april. 20 , 1989 49 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 mr. futterman huh ? billy realize what Sheila be talk about , as she take out a handkerchief and dab at the lipstick on he face . billy oh , uh ... that 's from -- my boss . I do some stuff that she like . I mean some work -- he try to catch kate 's eye , but she avoid he look . billy ( cont . ) uh , the thing be -- I be afraid you guy can not stay here . I mean , we would love it if you could , but the , uh - - the building 's be -- fumigate . mr. futterman ï¿½ï¿½ bug , huh ? yeah , you can not be careful this day . all k t weird bug eosin ' into +he country ... sheila oh. well , that 's okay , billy -- mr. futterman sure -- we will just book into a } hotel . billy really sorry ... we will call you ... he back the futterman toward the door . ad lib goodnight as billy open the door , force himself to look relaxed as the futterman go . he watch through the door for a beat , then close it -- and find kate suspiciously eyeing he lipstick tattoo . billy what -- this ? it be just one of that business thing . you know , like -- " great job . " you do not believe I ? ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 50 . E 64 continued : ( 3 ) 64 kate I believe you . billy we better get go . CUT to : 65 65 int . clamp centre - lobby the lobby clock be at two minute to midnight . there 's lively action at the lobby 's bar , dance floor , and frozen yogurt stand , where two teenage yogurt jerk serve customer . yogurt jerk I .so that 's a kona praline and banana - berry swirl with kiwis and peanut butter cup ? cu yeah ...or , wait " rfre jot yep peanut butter cup all nuiï¿½ ( ï¿½ / 6 5 yogurt jerk 1 0 I be not sure ... alexis , be the peanut butter cup all natural ? as yogurt jerk 2 join the discussion , a new angle find a furry paw turn on two spigot on the yogurt machine . follow the two stream of goo over the machine 's spill grate and down to the floor . Hidden from view by the counter , Mohawk , George , and lenny reach for the trickle yogurt ... . check the lobby clock as the time tick past midnight ... lenny yum ! . and sloppily chow down . up above , yogurt jerk I turn to the machine , see the two spigot flow . she 's about to turn they off , but a complain customer stop she . customer 2 miss , I ask for oreo cookie and gummy bear -- this stuff be , like -- hair . yogurt jerk 1 ma'am , we do not have anything that 's like -- ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 51 . 65 continueda 65 but then customer 2 and yogurt jerk 2 see it at the same time : a furry paw reach up to scoop m&amp ; m 's from a topping bin . customer 2 what be it ? it 's a t .! lenny ( o.s. ) yum ! customer 3 what 's go on here ? do that woman say there be rat ? yogurt jerk 2 um , no , sir , she say there be m q rat here -- 66 ext . clamp centre 66 billy and kate hurry into the building . 67 int . lobby - billy and kate 67 as kate and billy ent the lobby , they hear the commotion at the freeze yogurt stqWjpnd rush over to see what 's go on . 0 cus tt I I be tell you '- thing in the trail customer 2 ' " ' . I do not just want a different yogurt , I want d&amp ; akrxe -- billy ( to customer 1 ) what kind of thing be in the trail mix ? customer 1 I do not know , a fa= thing . and it 's suppose to be health food . billy check the lobby clock -- 12:10 . he pull kate aside . billy that 's it . it 's after midnight , and they have eat . now they will make they cocoon ... and if they get to water -- 40 kate come on . ( continued ) revised tray 3 , 1989 52 . 67 continued : 67 she lead he quickly over to the elevator . CUT to : 68 int . basement 68 six storey underground , beneath the building and its parking floor . yellow lamp , set in a concrete wall along a catwalk ledge , cast a eerie half - light on kate and billy . kate it 's along here ... they come to a deep , square recess in the wall . Inside be massive machinery -- pipe , pump , meter -- surround by a chain - link cage . kate ( cont . ) this be where the water come into the building . ( continued ) 0 revised May 5 , 1989 53. 68 continuedi 68 0 billy great . maybe if we shut it off , they will even close the place down ... billy go to a corner of the chain - link cage and start bend link back from the seam , try to make a big enough open to slip through . 69 int . system control CENTER 69 one of the technician get a beep from he terminal . the night - time supervisor come and look over he shoulder at the monitor , which show a blink red diagram of the basement water machinery . supervisor give I video . the technician type a command , and a video image of billy attack the cage appear on the screen . supervisor ( cont . ) Guards . 0 70 int . basement 70 billy and kate have open a sea of the cage . kate stand clear as billy try to pull the . de back , but a bright light hit he eye -- L guard back off ! put you hds up . billy back off the cage and ss a guard come toward he , flashlight and gun in hand . as he get close , daffy start bounce around in the daypaelr again . the guard train he gun on the leather bag . cz ) guard what 's in the bag pal ? , billy nothing . guard oh yeah ? let 's have a look . billy you do not want to -- the guard ignore he , open the zipper , and look down into the bag . ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 54 . 0 70 continued : 70 guard aagghhh ! when the guard pull he head up , daffy be hang onto the guard 's nose by he tooth . the guard flail he head furiously around , until daffy finally fly free -- billy no ! -- and as the mogwai 's depart footstep be hear , the guard angrily put billy up against the wall , start handcuff he . billy ( cont . ) we have to find he , before he eat something -- guard b5 ( indicate he nose ) he already eat some i billy look around for kate then realize she 's hide in the 0 shadow of the concrete recess , unnotice by the guard . billy look , we have to shut this building down . that thing that bit you -- there be more of they , okay ? and they be go to turn into -- this monster , and -- guard tell you what , pal -- you can tell the cop all about this monster , I be sure they will be very interested ... as he take billy away , camera hold on a spot over they head ... go into a gap between the concrete wall and ceiling ... and find three big cocoon . they slimy body gleam dully in the yellow lamplight . as we watch , the cocoon silently grow and change , gather strength ... billy listen , I be not crazy . people be go to be in a lot of danger . they wreck thing . they kill people . if they get out of here , they will destroy the whole city ... they will destroy everything . listen to I ... CUT to : revised - May 31 , 1989 55 . ext . police station - early morning 71 a midtown precinct house . as billy and rate hurry out the front door , policemen in b.g. be lead a group of arrest STREET mime from a paddy wagon toward the station . though in custody , the mime continue they portrayal of walk against the wind , feel up invisible wall , etc . billy thanks for get â– e out of there . kate it be easy -- I just give they a next month 's rent . billy when we get there -- go to you job , like normal , okay ? and just keep you eye open . what time be it ? kate six-thirty . 4 ii they hit the early - scorn at a run . 6cut to uoo 7 2 int . clamp centre - lobby 72 the early - morning arrival be here -- people open they lobby business . in a series of shot , they lift the shiny , corrugate - metal security gate that protect a newsstand ... a espresso cafe ... 73 int . basement crevice 73 under the building , the mogwais ' slimy cocoon begin to burst OPEN , with acrid smoke swirl around they ... 74 int . lobby 74 the gate lift up on the tannin salon ... the hair - cutting parlor ... 75 int . basement crevice 75 .as more cocoon burst OPEN ... 76 int . vent space 76 gizmo edge forward in the dark vent passageway -- revised May 3 , 1989 56 . 77 new angle 77 -- and do not see the floor disappear from under he until he 's already falling down a tall vertical drop , grasp helplessly at the sheer wall that rush past ... 78 int . basement 78 .until he land on something soft , and roll off onto a hard concrete floor . he look at what he land on -- it 's one of the cocoon in the basement wall crevice . as gizmo back away , the cocoon belch smoke , open up . gizmo , wide -ey , know who to warn -- gizmo bil - lee -- -- but a GREEN claw grab he from behind , jerk he backward , off he foot . CUT to : 79 int . lobby 79 billy and kate come breathlessly through the lobby door . they find the business mostly open -- and a sea of people pour through the door , innocently arrive for work . kate billy , what if they be already -- suddenly , the lobby light dim , d billy look up . billy t.0 they be . come on .. q ) he start lead kate toward e lobby newsstand . on the way , they run into grandpa Fred . grandpa ï¿½ , ed hey , billy -- the-building 's completely screwe p today -- billy ( hurry on ) fred. I know ... grandpa fred ( watch they go ) sure . you be young . you know everything . billy and kate arrive at the newsstand , where billy grab four souvenir flashlight in the shape of the building . ( continued ) revised May 3 , 1989 56a. be ?9 continued t 79 newsstand lady eighty -six thirty - eight with tax . billy ( to kate ) I be go to go up and -- ( to newsstand lady ) now much ? newsstand lady four time nineteen ninety - five -- billy put it on my bill . ( continued ) 40 0 revised May 16 , 1989 57 . 0 79 continued % 79 he hand kate a couple of flashlight as they start back across the lobby . billy ( cont . ) remember , they can not stand bright light . if one of they get near you -- he 's interrupt as marla come up to they -- and give billy a squeeze and a kiss before he have time to think . marla good morning , billy . that be so aim , last night . we be go to have to do that again -- billy uh -- marla , this be kate , my -- mar LA oops , I would better get go . see you ui tair , billy . eat ) hi. billy uh , kate -- listen , think I better explain -- kate do not do any explain right now , okay ? I be too mad . a guide call kate from the guide office . guide kate -- you be up , honey . kate Excuse I . I have to go to work now . 3 billy I but -- look , I be go up to system Control . if I be not back down here in fifteen minute -- kate 0 billy -- if we all get through today alive , you be in h,g , trouble . billy kate -- for ( 'nnt - , tttt t- pn ) revised May 10 . 1989 58 . 40 79 continu edi ( 2 ) 79 she 's out of earshot . billy ( cont . ) terrific . as billy head for the elevator , hold on a nearby Miller 's outpost jeans store that open onto the lobby . a couple of teenage girl shopper approach the sale clerk . shopper Excuse I ... do you have any style that be not , urn , fringe ? they hold up several pair of pants . all of they be " fringe " from the knee down -- as if they would be clawe to tatter . from the store 's back room , we hear a whoop . it 's familiar , but the voice have become deep , raspy , and such less innocent . daffy ( o.s. ) wa - ! 0 CUT to : 80 int . system control CENTER 0 80 0 billy come in , to find forstez kking he morning round among the technician . billy mister Forster -- ï¿½ï¿½ ? forster Zs : peltzer ! what be you do in this building ? you get yourself arrest here last night , and you come back ? ( to a technician ) get security up here . he 's out . he start to walk away , but billy follow he . billy mister Forster , we have to evacuate the building . right now . forster oh , we do ? why 's that ? ( continued ) 0 revised - June 9 , 1.989 59 . continued : 80 80 billy there be ... creature in the building . they start out as this small , furry animal , but then they eat , and they go into cocoon , and then they become small , green -- forster this be drug . it 's get to be . you be on a groovy little trio , be not you , peltzer ? well , let I tell you something , mister flower child -- billy just listen to I -- technician wait a mo . this be good . they start out rr d then they have the cocoon ... V 065 billy first they eat -- technician 2 well , sure . you be go into a cocoon , you want to have a little something first . CUT to : 81 omit 81 82 omit 82 83 omit 83 83a int . cable tv studio 83a look around apprehensively , kate lead she tour group into the clamp cable tv operation . among she charge today be katsuji , a 20 - year - old japanese tourist . katsuji be load down with a amazing arsenal of photography equipment : half a dozen still camera with a ton of lense , and a video camcorder . photograph the hell out of everything , he fall behind kate and the group . kate Sir -- I be sorry , but you have to keep up with the rest of the group ... 59a . katsuji respond by zooming in on kate with the video camera . katsuji excellent ! thank you ! please give I some right profile as you continue speak ! kate uh , if we be very quiet , we can go in here and watch a program be videotape ... 83b int . microwave marge' set 83b as kate and she tourist quietly file into the studio , marge 's cameraman track she to a counter , where she put a tray of canape down beside a casserole . marge now , this week here on " microwave with marge " be we special " salute to luncheon meat " and I be very , excited about t ecipe , so let 's just jump k ome hor d'oeuvre . you ko t logna and bean dip roll - up -a be when friend drop over , and for I of want to make it a little extra special , you can get some of this little sword - shape toothpick , you put that through the bologna , and that 's you " Viva Zapata " appetizer . people be simply crazy about this ... CUT to : 84 int . system control CENTER 84 as Forster fume , the system control technician have a amused discussion of the gremlin " rule " as explain by billy . technician I okay , wait -- what if one of they eat something at eleven o'clock , but he get something stick in he tooth -- technician 2 a caraway seed . technician 1 whatever , right , and then after twelve o'clock , it come out -- now , he do not eat that after midnight -- ( continued ) billy look I do not make the rule . there be -- forster " the rule . " I can not believe this . technician 2 or what about if he 's eat in a airplane , and they cross the time zone -- but the technician 's theory be cut short , as -- -- two GREEN arm burst out of he console , rip aside control button and speaker grille in a burst of SPARKS and smoke . before the technician can move , the arm be go for he throat -- and mohawk , now a bloodthirsty gremlin , emerge from the wreckage of the console , still choking the technician . technician 2 ( cont . ) help -- I -- at the sight of mohawiï¿½rster jump back . technician 1 try to move on the gremli 34o awk take a claw from he victim 's neck and slashes a ian 1 's arm , drive he back . billy pull out he building - shag plight and shine it at the gremlin . recoil , the gremlin 's go of the technician , who fall to the floor -- dead . CUT to : 85 omit 85 86 omit 86 87 int . cable tv studio 87 as kate and she tourist watch , marge stir a enormous , institutional - size soup pot on a kitchen stove . marge this be how we use to cook for big group , before we have we microwave oven and the other modern appliance . it would take day to plan the menu , and hour over a hot stove to do the cooking . but now , we can make this same tuna - noodle cheez - product chowder surprise in just a few minute , and you can feed anything from a high school reunion to a complete chain gang with this kind of quantity . 0 marge put a lid on the soup pot . ( continued ) revised - June 22 , 1989 62 . 87 continued : 87 marge ( cont . ) whew ! now , if we step over here ... but as she start to turn away , the light on the set suddenly dim . cameraman huh . brownout or something . marge hear a tapping noise from inside the soup pot . confused , she lift the lid -- and jump back , as lenny -- now a gremlin , but he dopey face still recognizable -- sit up in the soup pot , wear a chef 's hat , and splatter marge with orange noodle - casserole goo . he whip out a turkey easter , and squirt marge with it . marge aaagghhh ! what be it ? at the sound of gremli laughter , she wheel to see GEORGE , a gremlin in a apron , counter behind she . as marge turn to the cameraman for pr to George point to two microwave oven at the rear of the set . GEORGE 06 0 .5 mi-cro-wave ! kate 's tourist turn to flee the studio -- the last to go be katsuji , who photograph the gremlin a mile a minute as he back out of the room . as the tourist go , the gremlin turn savagely toward the oven . George whisper to lenny , who nod obediently and throw several metal utensil into the microwave . the gremlin close the oven and start they up . the oven fill with furious arc of blue light -- marge look out ! -- and the oven explode , shower the set with glass . as marge and she cameraman escape the studio , the oven catch FIRE . the flame lick up toward the ceiling -- -- and set off the sprinklers . George and lenny grin , stand tall to shower in the spray . as the water hit , bubble appear on the gremlin ' back . Close on the bubbles , camera find the tiny head of gremlin offspring , get ready to burst out . as the studio fill with the ominous smoke and colored light of gremlin multiplication , kate run from the room . 0 CUT to revised - June 22 , 1989 62a . 0 88 int . xerox room 88 as the SOUND of a xerox machine in operation be hear o.s. , camera be close on the floor of a copying and office supply room , where a series of photocopies be pile up . the picture be of gizmo -- he body pin down , he face contort in pain . each pose be slightly more torture than the one before . new angle find gizmo in the flesh --- he 's fastened by a web of scotch tape to the document cover of a big copier . as gizmo struggle helplessly , re L mohawk at the control , set the machine for 100 copy . gizmo slide over the glas 's ga 19i d again , wincing as he 's hit by painful burst of bright lag T to : revised May 3 . 1989 63. 40 89 omit 89 89a int . system control CENTER 89a in the wake of Mohawk 's attack , the technician be both somber and rattle . they work urgently at they console , as a panicked Forster pace behind they , look at they monitor screen . technician 1 mister Forster , I show lighting brownout in five location . technician 3 I have get a climate control malfunction , floor fifteen and sixteen -- forster what the hell 's go on ? technician 4 uh , air -- Forster go over to technician 4 's station -- technician 4 ( cont . ) ( point to screen ) the peat infestation monitor ... -- and see , on the technician 's screen , a alarmingly rapid proliferation of dot , spread over the diagram of the building . the dot start as a cluster in the cable tv studio area -- microwave marge 's studio -- but they be spread out to other floor , and move around quickly . forster be ' , what be that ? that ' 01 at rat , be it ? technici no sir , I be afraid 's not -- a videophone ring near technician 3 ; he grab it . q techni aâ–ºn 3 system Control kate face fill the videci ) hone screen . kate ( on phone ) 0 be billy peltier there , please ? ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 64./64a . 89a continued 89a technician 3 no , he say he be go to mister clamp 's office -- hey , do you know anything about -- kate thank you . 89b int . clamp centre lobby / elevator 89b she hang up , run toward the elevator and get on . 89c int . elevator 89c as the door close , kate breathlessly ask the elevator for -- kate thirty -eight . but the voice that croak back be not the usual elevator voice . gremlin voice ( v.o. ) thir -ty -eig kate 's face register she jam on the " door OPEN " button , but the door stay and the elevator start moving ... . before it jerk to a sudden stop : CUT to : 90 int . clamp office 90 clamp 's office be huge , immaculate , and fully outfit with high - tech gadget . the window look down on a bank of cloud pierce by the tip of New York landmark -- the Chrysler Building , etc . clamp hit the switch on a desk intercom . clamp have you shred my mail from this morning ? secretary ( v.0 . ) ( over intercom ) I be just finish , mister clamp . clamp good . let 's do some memo ... ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 65 . 90 continued 90 as he talk , clamp go over to a bank of video monitor on he wall . some of they display spy-camera view around the building , while other be tune to clamp cable channel . one of this catch clamp 's eye : it 's show it 's_a wonderful life in black and white . jimmy stewart ( on tv ) merry Christmas , movie house ! merry Christmas , drugstore ... scowl , clamp push a button . the movie blossom into garish , unlifelike color . 91 tnt . clamp outer office 91 clamp 's secretary push the last of he morning 's mail into the # shredder beside she desk -- it 's a letter bear the seal of the vice President of the United States and start " thank you # for you generous contribution ... " # as the letter turn into paper spaghetti , the secretary leave the shredder on , turn to she computer , and start type down clamp 's dictation . spot she prim pink sweater hang on the back of she chair . C ( v.o . ) 0 ( over i F ) first one , to gefjq Public Relations . let 's.h e people in Chinatown give a st a tival as a spontaneous outpouri appreciation for what I have not for they community ... the secretary take a hurried bite of a sandwich , then go back to she type . but camera hold on the sandwich -- as the GREEN claw of a otherwise o.s. gremlin slip a spring - load mousetrap under the top slice of bread . the claw withdraw from sight just as the secretary turn to pick up the sandwich again . she take a bite -- and , though she back be to we , we hear the snap of the mousetrap and the secretary 's scream -- 92 int . clamp office 92 -- which clamp also hear , over the intercom . he rush into the outer office -- 9 2a int . clamp outer office 92a -- where he find the gremlin , wear the secretary 's pink sweater , sit in she chair and type at she computer . ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 66 . 92a continued : 92a clamp you be not my secretary . the gremlin respond by grab a silex pot of boil - hot water from the nearby coffee station , and flinging the boil water at clamp -- -- who duck it , as it scald the paint on the wall behind he . clamp make a tentative move toward the gremlin , who throws the empty silex . it barely miss clamp , and smashes against the wall . the gremlin jump at clamp , who try to bat it away from he face , like a kid panicked by a moth -- -- but he flail knock the gremlin back , so that its foot be catch in the hopper of the secretary 's shredder . hating to do it , use only he fingertip , clamp push the struggle gremlin down into the machine -- -- which sprays he out of the bottom like a black , bloody , eye - only memo of deatu . as clamp stand gasp Â®de the machine , the door to the corridor open , and billlybu in . he see the shredder , and 0 the tatter gremlin remaip 4 j no from it . billy Sir -- be you all right ? clamp I think so ..-. I hate use this machine myself . billy Sir , I have to talk to you . there be a -- the door open again , and a dishevel Forster burst in . forster mister clamp , there 's a situation in -- ( see shredder ) my God , what -- billy ( to clamp ) Sir , please listen to I . there be more of this thing -- maybe lot more . we have get to get people out of the building -- and we have get to close the building up . we have get to do it before sundown . ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 66a . 92a continued : ( 2 ) 92a be clamp yeah ? what happen at sundown ? billy this -- thing can not stand sunlight . it will kill they . but once it 's night time , they can get out , into New York . if that happen -- forster he should be in custody . he 's dangerous . amp bangerous ' be thing that be in here a minute go -- that be dangerous . be 's from the art department . i 0 ( continued ) revised May 10 , 1989 67 . 0 92a continuedi ( 2 ) 92 a forster yeah ? ask he how he know so much about this -- green thing . clamp that 's a good question , Bill . how dq you know about they ? billy well -- um , you know that genetics laboratory , down on -- clamp of course . that guy . ( to Forster ) I warn you that could be a problem tenant . we could have have three shrink and a plastic surgeon in that space . but no ... CUT to : EI 93 omit 93 D C 94 omit 94 CD 95 omit D C 95 96 int . elevator - , , .. 96 kate 's elevator , still str d between floor , begin to rock violently . kate jam on ten alarm button , but the only SOUND she hear be that of countless claw outside , pound and scraping at the elevator car . the automated elevator voice talk on through the chaos . elevator voice ( v.0 . ) you have request a floor that be not part of the building at this time ... and now kate sees claw tear at the corner of the elevator car , try to gouge they way inside . the o.s. SOUND of gremlin laughter echoe in the elevator shaft . kate shrink into the middle of the floor , she hand brace against the wall -- 97 int . control panel area 9 ? daffy be now a gremlin , wear a engineer 's hardhat and a workshirt with daffy stitched on the breast . he 's at a elevator control panel with floor - number indicator , etc . as he randomly hit button and turn dial , meter shoot into danger zone and red light blink ominously . revised May 10 , 1981 68 . 0 98 omit 98 99 omit 99 100 int . elevator shaft 100 the elevator fall fast toward US . the gremlins hang on the bottom of the elevator car realize that it 's curtain , but it 's too late for they to do anything about it -- -- but then the elevator stop moving 100a int . elevator I ooa -- and kate regains she balance inside -- 1003 int . control panel area 1008 -- until daffy push one last button , and the control panel blows out -- TX ) 1 ooc int . elevator shaft 14.0 100c -- and the elevator start alling again , racing down the last few floor to the bottom . ust before impact , the face of a 0 scream gremlin fill gr frame -- 10i tnt . parking vestibule 101 two suburban lady wall , a bank of elevator door from the o.s. parking garage . lady I there be some nice shop here in the building ... 102 int . elevator 102 on landing , black gremlin blood splatter kate as it gushes in through the shatter floorboard . 103 int . parking vestibule 103 -- and the force of the fall throws the elevator door open , so that the suburban lady be suddenly face - to- face with the tremble , blood -soak kate . lady 1 ( indicate other elevator ) we will get the next one . 40 CUT to : revised May 10 , 1989 69 . 40 104 int . clamp outer office 104 ; where the argument be still go on , billy Sir , we have to make sure that none of this -- thing get wet . if that happen -- clamp I will tell you what we have to do . we have to get a lid on this thing and keep it on . no cop , no media . we will handle it . ( to Forster ) go down to system control and get on top of this thing . forster I ? um , but there might be -- ( continued ) 0 0 revised April 20 , 1989 71 . 105 continued : 105 lewis not I . wally hey ! my vegetable medley ! before wally can stop he , a gremlin go over to the pot vegetable plant with tube connect they to a glass vial . he grab the vial , eat it ... and stand still for a moment ... .as he ear turn into leafy clump of romaine lettuce . wally try to move on he , but the gremlin menace he with a claw , and go on to grab a vial from a cauliflower plant ... chaos ensue , as more gremlin go after more vial and the scientist ' effort to stop they result mainly in trash equipment : angle on a gremlin try a vial mark sex hormone . the gremlin 's face register big consumer satisfaction -- he downs the rest of the vial in one gulp . dr . catheter ( o. .) ï¿½ ) V my God ! as the lab 's chief researcher stand in the doorway , unable to 0 believe he eye , another gremlin grab a vial attach to a brain that site in a tank of saline solution . martin oh no ... lewis .not the brain hormone . the gremlin swallow the vial ... twitches for a moment . he painfully croak out a few word -- brain gremlin I ...want ...to -- then , suddenly , the transformation take hold , in thrashing jekyll - and - hyde histrionics that send the gremlin roll on the floor . when he stand , he wear a pair of horn -rimmed glass , and speak fluently in a new voice , similar to that of GEORGE plimpton . ( continued ) 0 revised - July 7 , 1989 72 . 105 continued , ( 2 ) 105 brain gremlin { cont . ) -- talk a little bit about what 's go on in this room , because I think there be some fascinating ramification here for the future . when you introduce genetic material of research quality to a life form such as ours , which be possess of a sort of -- I hesitate 'to use the word " atavism , " but let we say a highly aggressive nature ... the other gremlin , instantly bored with this guy , grab more vial and start turn animal loose from they cage , as the scientist try in vain to op they . brain` nlin ( cont . ) . for example , at fellow over near the , I believ n ' + a common bat of the order -- the only mammal , I mig add , capable of true flight ... indeed , a gremlin be approach cage of the bat who 's be 40 desensitize to light for messenge ing purpose . the gremlin grab a collect vial connect by surgical tub to the bat 's body . the gremlin swallow the vial , then stand watch , surprised , as he hand become webbed , like bat wing . while this : be happen , the Brain gremlin walk over to the bat gremlin . brain gremlin nib : : bring ! might I have a brief word ' with you ? the= t qrenlin :look curiously at he . brain gremlin ( cont . ) my friend , you have ... potential . I want to help you be all that you can be ... may I ? as he continue talk , he pluck the intravenous tube from the bat 's body , and happily jam the needle into the . bat gremlin 's skin . the bottle with the sunshine logo on it drain quickly ... ( continued ) 40 revised - July 7 , 1989 105 continuedr 105 40 ain gremlin { cont . ) as I be su ou be aware , sunlight pose a prk4cklks for we ... ethnic group . we nit tan , we do not burn -- frankly , west become a rather unappetize a of photochemical leftover . thus , be formula ... specia y design for that of the noctu6a persuasion ... to mak right light no problem whatever . that will be of crucial usefulness where you will be go ... the Brain gremlin yank the iv needle from the bat gremlin 's skin . the bat gremlin 's expression ask : " where I will be go ? " brain gremlin ( cont . ) you have wing , my friend . flap they . the bat gremlin do -- and take off , soar near the ceiling as the twin scientist chase . he . lew I S and martin down ! down ! brain gremlin ( to bat gremlin ) to the window , my friend ! a world of possibility open itself to you ! throw off the old constraint ... the bat gremlin wing toward one of the polarize glass window ... brain gremlin ( cont . ) there it be ... the Apple ... the city so nice they name it twice ... check it out one time -- will not you ? . and smashes through it , leave a jag bat silhouette in the glass behind he . the other gremlin shrink from the invade ray of sunlight , but the bat gremlin fly free ... 106 ext . build - the sky 106 . ' . soar into the sky above New York . 0 CUT to : revised 3/31 /89 73a . 0 107 ext . new york - pigeon on statue 107 a pigeon perches on a stone statue with which pigeon have be well acquainted . sunning himself , he 's surprised as -- -- plop ! -- a glob of GREEN goo hit he on the head . CUT to : 108 omit 108 109 omit 109 revise 3/31/89 74 . 0 110 omit 110 I 1 i omit 112 omit 113 int . grandpa fred' set the threadbare horror host be taping again . he blow some prop dust off a reel of film . ( continued ) 0 75 . 13 continued : 1 13 40 - grandpa fred .tonight we have get a classic horror movie , from grandpa Fred 's special dungeon -- Fred be interrupt by a moan -- not the normal weak moan on the tape , but a genuinely scary gremlin moan . he turn around , and see a grin gremlin emerge from behind the prop tombstone . as Fred head back there , two other gremlins join the first one , and the three of they watch he intently . director ( o.s . ) Fred , what 's the story with that -- thing ? grandpa fred uh .. . I do not ... one of the gremlin take the reel of film from Fred , unreel a little from the loose end and hold it up . a second gremlin look at a frame -- mime terrify shock , then clutch he chest and fall back onto the floor . the of e%. gremlin laugh . B grandpa fred ( cont . ) no uh -- that ' 's right , it ' 's real ' scary -- the other two gremlin put they for alongside Fred 's and make scary snarl . they like it here director ( o.s. ) Boy , that 's creepy . okay , roll ... grandpa fred uh -- grandpa Fred and he Friends have something horrible in store for you tonight ... the gremlin nod in gleeful agreement . CUT to : 114 int . lobby 1 14 angle - bar a few people be drink here , but they pay little notice to the newscaster on the tv set over the bar . ( continued ) revised - May 31 , 1989 76 . 114 continued 114 40 newscaster .of major mechanical problem today at the clamp Centre office i building . reached by hotline News , a spokesman for developer Daniel clamp say there 's nothing to worry about , that this be just the normal " glitches " that a new building go through in the first few month . turn to sport ... 115 angle - salad bar 115 salad bar customer be heaping they plate . customer 4 my broker a , g 's the strongest thing in the ecb i for ght now be cigarette ' a np4 magazine . custom really . iry00 1 - 1 customer 4 of course , he 's be in jail for a while now ... customer 4 reach under the salad bar 's sneeze - guard with the plastic tong to pull a clump of lettuce from the bin -- and be horrify to discover that he be hold a all - vegetable mutant gremlin by the ear . this horribly smile thing have radish for eye , corn - row hair , cauliflower ear , stringbean lip and - - as it open its mouth -- a darting wax - pepper tongue . as other customer recoil , horrify , customer 4 try to drop the vege - gremlin , but , bare its sharp artichoke teeth , it reach out with carrot finger to grab he shirt and pull he through the sneeze guard . CUT to : 116 omit 116 116aa int . clamp cable studio 116aa in a clamp cable tv studio , leonard maltin be taping a " at the movie " - type show call " the movie police . " leonard maltin and now for we videocassette consumer watch -- he gingerly hold up a videocassette of the first gr , gmlins movie as if it be a long - dead fish . ( continued ) revised May 31 , 1989 76a . 116aa continued ( 116aa 40 leonard maltin ( cont . ) here 's one that 's just be be - release on video , and if you be think of rent it , I can think of a lot of better thing to do with three dollar ... Leonard be unaware of the real gremlins that have snuck into the studio and be creep up on he from behind --- leonard maltin 1 cont.1 .such as burn they . in fact , burn this movie would not be a bad -- the gremlin attack , savagely claw at Leonard , who quickly go down out of view -- except for he flail hand . nard maltin ( cont . ) wait ! tea ' ! ' ' as kid ' . look -- two thuulb ui3 hhhhhhh ! CUT to : 166a int . lobby - angle - stock broi{eraï¿½ 116a 48 in the clamp Centre lobby 's small stock brokerage office , a broker in a " power tie " be work he phone when -- broker aggghhhh ' . -- he find a gremlin on he desk , stare at he . broker ( cont . ) ( into phone ) what ? nothing . think about that bond . ' bye. ( hang up ) - the gremlin point a accuse claw at the broker . gremlin Nice tie ! the broker start yanking the tie off , but the gremlin swipe at he , and he beat it , as wider angle reveal a number of other gremlins also chase broker off , and grab they phone -- gremlins ( variously , on phone ) buy ! sell ! sell ! buy ! sell ! spot the Brain hormone gremlin , kick back in a broker 's chair , talk on a phone . ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 76b . 116a continued : 116a E brain gremlin .ye , I would say it 's a full - scale panic . be you have a run on the bank there yet ? well , it 's rather brutal here ... we be advise we client to put everything they have get into can food and shotgun .. . yes ... the ticker display on the wall speed up , go nut . 117 angle - lobby door 117 people who have see the invade gremlin start flee through the front door . 118 int . stairwell 118 kate , bruise , haggard , ( jvsplatter with gremlin blood , make it upstairs to a stairwe or , and open it --- revised - May 31 , 1989 77 , 0 119 int . lobby 119 -- to find a scene of building mayhem in the lobby . as panic people try to flee the swarm gremlin , camera survey the carnage from kate 's Pov : gremlins at the freeze yogurt stand shoot stream of whipped cream at flee worker ... a bartender , he body cover with gremlin , fall to the floor , try to shake they loose ... at the salad bar , the all -vegetable gremlin terrify flee people with he freakish face . a woman scream and duck as a gremli ) swing toward her on a sparking electric cable tear from the ceiling ... people desperately scramble toward the exit door , but the lobby be become a obstacle course of rubble as the gremlin trash it . kate take momentary cover behind a pillar , gather she nerve -- then make a break a ss the lobby , run for a FIRE alarm on the back wall . as a 4 ches it , a raincoat -- wear flasher gremlin block she way , a l'ipk open he coat to flaunt he 0 reptilian underbelly . kate kick the flasher gremlin out %ofbf 6 k way , and pull the alarm . in the clamp Centre , of coot the fire alarm be not some old - fashioned bell or siren . instead , melodramatic music build under a documentary - narrator voice -- FIRE voice ( v.0 . ) Fire ! the untamed element ... oldest of man 's mystery ... 12c int . a office corridor 120 worker in a upstairs corridor , as yet unreach by the gremlin invasion , stop to listen to the p.a. voice . FIRE voice ( v.0 . ) giver of warmth , destroyer of forest ... right now , this bu ; i d ing be on fire ... worker what ? FIRE voice $ v.o. ) yes , the building be on fire . leave the building ... enact the age - old drama of self - preservation ... ( continued ) 78 . &gt ; o continued : 120 0 y worker 2 Fire ! Fire ! people from office 'start beat it toward the stairwell exit . CUT to : 12 1 ext . cathedral - day 12 1 Mr. and Mrs. futterman , dress for sightseeing , arrive at the handsome old cathedral of saint eva marie . in b.g. , spot a construction crew repair the sidewalk in front of the cathedral . sheila oh , Murray -- what a beautiful building ! mr. futterman beautiful ? look like something ' out of the dark age . true , Saint Eva Marie 's architecture be on the vy side ... as camera notice the ornate window and the cor 'te top with spooky stone gargoyle -- ( ï¿½ wait a minute . that one there ... that 's ï¿½ ' a`rgoyle ... mr. futterman ( C _ qï¿½ï¿½ ) hey ' ' sheila what be it , Murray ? it 's the flying bat - gremlin -- and it leave its perch to fly straight at he -- mr. futterman hey '. help ! he flail at the gremlin , bat it away from he , but it keep come back -- as Sheila stand back , too terrify to move -- sheila Murray , what be it ? mr. futterman it 's they ! ( to pedestrian ) help I ! somebody help I ! but the new yorker on the sidewalk continue past he , oblivious . pjr . ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 79 . E 121 continued : 121 futterman grapples with the greml try to get hold of its slashing claw . his face be CUT -- and he wrist --. wt he grab hold of one claw , then the other , and manage to fling the struggle gremlin away from he , so that it tumble , off balance , into the constr ion crew 's churn cement mixer -- as Sheila rush to Murray 's side , the F ) tng gremlin emerge from the cement mixer 's thick whirlpool , coat with ray cement . Murray brace for another attack -- but the cement weigh th emlin down so much that all it can do be flap its wing slowly , lofting pa ully toward the cathedral , as the cement start hardening -- -- and as the gremlin regains he perch , the cement solidify , so that he be now a gargoyle for real -- and for good . Mr. futterman catch he breath - and take off run . sheila Murray -- where be you go ? mr. futterman we have to tell billy ! come on ! Sheila follow he . E CUT to : 122 int . corridor 122 in b.g. , people from office be flee the " fire . " billy and Forster , hurry toward the system Control Center , almost trip over a number of escape lad animal , who be flee down the W . the animal be : follow by the breathless Dr. catheter , who be hurry even faster . Dr. catheter 's mind have apparently snap . dr . catheter the horror ! the horror ! the eakagg ! billy what ? what happen ? dr . catheter what happen ? they fight back , that " 's what ... thing ... stuff - he grab billy 's shirt . dr . catheter ( cont . ) I swear to God ... I will never ... hurt be anything again ... they be all part of the great chain of be ... there be thing that man .was not mean to splice ... ( continued ) revised July 7 , 1989 80 , 0 " ?2 continued : 122 forster the hell be he talk about ? billy try and calm down -- where be the -- but as billy try to understand Dr. catheter -- 123 trick shot 123 -- we frame start to jitter , a here 's something wrong with the projector . then the film freeze catch in the gate . a burn spot appear , consume the image of Bill Â°asd the other . the frame fill with white light and we hear a flapping nd , as if the reel be spin uselessly in the projector . 124 int . our theater 124 in the stereo surround , we begin to hear t.ï¿½ ï¿½ound of o.s. gremlin laughter . gremlin silhouettes appear on a screen , make shadow bunny with they claw , compete for space , hit and shove each other . 0 1.25 omit 124 126 our screen 126 the frame be fill by a grainy black and white title card read " SUN worshiper film present volleyball holiday . " 127 int . our theater 127 a mother shield she pre-teen daughter be eye from the offscreen sun worshiper as the rest of the audience gasp . she drag she child from she seat . 128 int . lofly , our theater 128 the mother -storm out of the auditorium and accost the beleaguere - look manager . mother I can not believe it ! this be worse than the first one ! a man cover with film , obviously the projectionist , stagger up to the manager . his clothes be in tatter . projectionist I quitt cali the unio n '. can the National Guard ! a man who have be get popcorn at the nearby candy counter turn and come over to the group . he be steven spielberg . ( continued ) revised - July 17 , 1989 81 . 128 continued : 128 spielberg what seem to be the trouble here ? projectionist that thing ! they have take over the projector ! they refuse to run the rest of the picture ! they want to see snow White oral thg._yen dwarf ! spielberg damn ! I know I should have direct this one myself ! ( beckon across lobby ) hulk ... hulk hogan , in full wrestle regalia and carry raisinet , come over to join spielberg . spielberg point a finger upward -- toward the projection booth in our theater . hogan , quickly grasp the situation , address the gremlin in the booth . hulk hogan okay , you guy listen up ! people pay tum - 0 good money to movie ' when they go out to a theate ey c id soda , hot popcorn , and _ of m ns projection . booth . do I have to % offil ts there myself ? do you think the gre ter can stand up to the hulkster ? well , if I be you , I would run the rest of the picture right now . ( to audience ) sorry , folk . it will not happen again . 129 omit 129 130 omit 130 131 int . cable tv control booth 131 ... and our film resume , in a new set : the clamp cable Network control booth . grandpa Fred come into the control room to find multiple monitor show the signal of several New York tv station to a desert room . as Fred watch , pan three monitor show newspeople in front of . the clamp Centre Building . the scene behind the newspeople be chaos -- police barricade , refugees from the building , a curious crowd , etc . S newsperson I ... many conflict report from people who have come out of the building ... ( continued ) revised 3/15/89 82. 131 continued : 131 newsperson 2 .story about a fire , but also report of a attack by some sort of animal -- again , none of this be confirm ... newsperson 3 . people who be quite hysterical , talk about some sort of " green man " -- unfortunately , police be not permit any news media into the building at this time , so we be unable to bring you first -hand coverage , but as soon as ... Fred 's face register what he 's think : this be it . his break . he run out into the corridor ... 132 int . corridor - following fred li ) 132 . where katsuji , the camera-happtourist from kate 's tour group , be flee down the hall ( om some fresh disaster . grandpa fred hey ! 40 katsuji yes ? grandpa fred can you work a tv camera ? katsuji smile proudly . katsuji work a camera ? I master the camera ! CUT to : 133 int . marla' office 133 oblivious to the chaos in the rest of the building , marla be try to work in she darken office , read paste - up board with a match . marla ( mutter ) terrific ... a scream catastrophe holocaust murder deadline emergency rush , and there 's no E light ... ( continued ) revised 3/15 /89 82 aâ '' 133 continued - 133 angrily , she pick up the receiver of she video-phone . the little screen fill with a card read " please stand bym " marla ( cont , ) great . ( continued ) 0 revised - JUNE 22 , 1989 83. E 133 continued : 133 she hang up , go back to work . CUT to : 134 omit 13 135 omit 135 135a int . lobby - entrance to toy store 135a from the lobby toy store , we hear the noise of gremlin laughter and clatter machinery . 135b int . toy store 135b on a big model train dis phawk and a bunch of he hench - gremlin be torture gizm 490m D ed in engineer 's hat , the gremlin have tie the helple .s rh to the track . as a vicious ionel bear down on gizmo , V a%4 4 L CUT to : 136 int . genetics lab 136 billy and Forster follow Dr. catheter in , to find a riot of gremlin , bingeing on genetic elixir and trashing lab equipment . Forster be quickly waylaid by the gremlin who drank the sex hormone earlier , and have become a mutant , amorous girl gremlin , with blonde hair and big red lip . she develop a instant crush on Forster , she heart pound half - out of she chest . the girl gremlin jump up onto Forster 's chest , embrace he neck , and move in for a kiss . forster get it off I -- but Dr. catheter be rush to a cabinet at the back of the lab ... dr . catheter I have get some small assault weapon ... 0 ( continued ) revised May 10 , 1989 84 . S 136 continued : 136 . while billy sees a gremlin eat the lightning - bolt vial that be injected into the rat earlier . the gremlin shudder through the reaction , but seem not to change ... until he spot a electric socket and touch he claw to it . the gremlin disappear into the socket , as if swallow by it ... .as Forster back out of the room , the girl gremlin now hang on fiercely to he leg ... .and Dr. catheter , in b.g. , scream as he take he arm out of the cabinet with a gremlin attach by the tooth . try to shake it off , catheter go tripping through the wreck lab , crashing into equipment . now a number of other gremlins see the scientist on the defensive , and pile onto he , send he stumbling to the floor ... for x ) ï¿½ .and billy 's attention be qught by mohawk , who 's zeroing in on the cage contain the lve-inch spider that billy see earlier . a surgical tube rtmy het from the hairy spider 's body to a small glass vial with a spr logo on it . billy move to stop Mohawk --- ï¿½ ï¿½ .}}}}} -- but now the gremlin with hrftd isappear into the electric outlet emerge from another soc , across the room . he be different 40 now -- seemingly make of e , crackle electricity . he fly close to billy , force to back away , so that Mohawk can grab the vial attach to the spider and escape from the lab . finish with billy , the electric gremlin waft himself onto a table full of scientific machinery . he touch he glow claw to a cyclotron . it spin crazily , then short out in a shower of SPARKS and smoke ... . while , on the floor below , the gremlin mob finish off Dr. catheter . CUT to : 137 int . clamp office 137 the tycoon be talk on the phone -- clamp . just tell then everything 's under control , we have just have a few clamp stop as he sees a wall monitor with a ''clamp news network " sign under it . grandpa Fred stand amid the lobby carnage , cover by katsuji 's slightly jerky hand - hold camera 0 clamp , whiten , flick the SOUND on . ( continue ) revised May 10 , 1989 84a . 1 137 continued : 137 grandpa fred ( on tv ) . this invasion by strange creature , perhaps from another galaxy ... or a dimensional warp ... clamp dracula ...? as Fred speak , katsuji 's camera catch a fast glimpse of gremlins in kid ' clothes frolick past in b.g . it 's hard for Fred to shake he horror- movie training -- ( continued ) 0 revised - May 31 , 1989 85 . 0 137 continued : 137 grandpa fred ( on tv ) .and , just a moment ago , in a spine -t . 1 ing , blood -chill incident -- ( catch himself -- turn newsy ) -- uh , they continue to plague this troubled structure throughout what have be a turbulent and tumultuous afternoon ... clamp oh , shit . CUT to : 138 ext . clamp centre build 138 as the crowd build outside the building , one of the frustrated tv newspeople argue with a cop . newsperson 2 look , just let we in there . we will take the responsibility -- cop forget it , pal . most of the people be out of there ow , anyway . newspe ?.0 then what 's in the be in Beirut -- cop yeah ? I bet they miss you there . ( to crowd ) let 's move back , folk .. , CUT to : 139 int . xerox room 139 in the same xerox room where he be torment with the copying machine and the rubber cement , gizmo be undergo he worst torture yet at the hand of George and Mohawk , who have light censer and put on inquisition - style robe for the occasion . the defenseless gizmo be tied with heavy twine to the top of a paper-cutte table . above he , George hang by one arm from a high shelf . in he other claw , George hold a pendulum rig up from a t-square , a protractor , rubber band ... ( continued ) revised - may 31 , 1989 M. 139 continued : 139 .and a gleam - sharp ex-acto knife . as George swing the pendulum , the knife blade move closer to gizmo 's chest , a fraction of a inch each time . pace back and forth on the floor below , Mohawk cackle at gizmo 's dilemma . like a villain swilling whiskey , he gulp from the vial he steal in the genetics lab , the one with the spider logo on it . the blade move closer - graze gizmo 's fur ... but as it slice the topmost fiber of the twine that hold he down -- -- a change come over gizmo 's expression . this be one mogwai who 's have enough . he set he jaw in angry determination , and burst the fray twine , freeing one arm -- then another -- George grab the t-square like a scythe , and try to hack at gizmo with the knife blade -- -- but gizmo grab the pendulum and pull down hard , so that George tumble from he shelf -- 0 -- and land on mohawk . before the gremlin can get to they foot , gizmo scramble down from the table -- 140 int . hallway 140 -- and run into the corrido g Mohawk 's grab claw , make for freedom . 6 T to : 141 omit 141 142 ext . clamp centre build 142 two FIRE engine have pull up outside the building . as firemen connect they hose to hydrant , cop push the crowd back to clear a path to the door for the firemen . as the breathless futterman arrive at the building , they see a tv newsperson interview the nearly hysterical microwave marge beside the door . ( continued ) revised May 3 , 1989 8'7 . 0 141 continued : 141 Forster stumble backward , but the electric gremlin jump at he , and at its touch , Forster 's body too be cover by electricity . he writhes in the grasp of the power , and finally throw the gremlin off . as the electric gremlin disappear into a socket , Forster reel backward , daze , stumbling . his hair be on end , he eyebrow char , and he 's knock over furniture . he 's alive -- he just do not know what planet he 's on . CUT to : 142 ext . clamp plaza build 1s2 two FIRE engine have pull up outside the building . as firemen connect they hose to hydrant , cop push the crowd back to clear a path to the door for the firemen . as the breathless futterman arrive at the building , they see a tv newsperson interview the nearly hysterical microwave marge beside the door . marge .and , and then this horrible green thing come into the kitchen , and they , they put all kind of metal utensil and cookingware into the unit , the oven , which you should never , it 's not like you conventional oven , it produce a , a reaction , and it explode !d , and the horrible thing be , they be laugh , and -- hear this , Mr. futterman push he way to the entrance and block the firemen 's path . mr. futterman q , hold it ! wait ! no water ! fireman what ? ( continued ) revised - June 8 , 1989 88 142 continued : 142 mr. futterman it 's not fire in there -- it 's gremlin . if you get water on them , they just mu1 in1v . ( to cop ) you gotta let I in there . I know how to deal with it . sheila Murray -- the cop block Mr. futterman 's way . cop uh , sure , pal -- look , why do not you calm don a little ? just -- tterman do not talk t'&amp ; jre uke I be crazy -- ( realizir ; S mself ) I be ner craz ' fine . CUT to : 143 omit 143 144 int . clamp office 144 billy come into clamp 's office to find the tycoon pace nervously . clamp Bill -- how 's it go out there ? any progress ? just tell I there 's progress . ( continued ) 89 . 4 continued : 144 billy I be afraid it 's pretty bad right now , sir -- clamp bad ? it 's horrible . there be people in this building . Real life . you have any idea what kind of lawsuit we be look at here ? billy yes sir . we will have to but as he speak , the electric gremlin emerge from a wall socket behind clamp ... billy ( cont . ) watch out ! p ï¿½ clamp turn to see the electric gremlin glide swim y through the air , come straight at he -- clamp help -- billy grab the receiver of a video - phone end step between clamp and the electric gremlin . at the last possible instant , he hold the receiver up in the electric gremlin 's path . the glow beast touch the mouthpiece ... . disappear inside ... and show up a instant later on the video - phone 's screen -- trap , writhe in pain , as recorded voice bounce around it and issue from the phone 's speaker . recorded voice ( v.o. ) ( variously ) if you want to make a call , please hang up and try again ... we be sorry -- all circuit be busy now . , . billy he 's in the phone system ... on hold . that should take care of he for a while . recorded voice ( v.0 . ) while wait , we invite you to listen to a brief interlude of record music . ( continued ) 90 . 4 continued : ( 2 ) 144 the music begin : a cheery muzak rendition of " raindrop keep wallin ' on my head . " the electric gremlin writhes more fiercely , he pain double . clamp uh , Bill -- thanks . billy sure . mister clamp , we have to stop this thing from leave the building . if they get out , that 's it for New York -- at least New York . clamp nod gravely , and take a videocassette from a drawer . clamp I think this would never run , Bill -- but maybe it will . billy what be it ? clamp the sign -off . the b sign - off 0 he put the tape into a vcr head under - , bis wall monitor . several monitor fill with a montage t( ' ` image -- " beauty shot " of animal , sunset , beach . , ' announcer ( v.o . ) because of the end of civilization , the clamp cable Network now leave the air . we hope you have enjoy we programming -- but , more important , we hope you have enjoy - life . as the montage continue , a Tiffany - type pop singer sing a sprightly version of a old hymn : singer ( v.o. ) yet in my dream I be nearer my God to thee ... clamp , watch , wipe away a tear . clamp it 's beautiful , be not it ? ( continued ) revzsed April 20 , 1989 91 . 144 continued : ( 33 144 0 billy yes -- listen , sir , can you set the clock in the building ahead three hour ? all of they ? clamp Bill , there 's nothing we can not do in this building . why ? billy sunlight kill this thing . that 's why they be still in here . but when it 's sundown -- or when they think it be -- they will all get together in one place , so they can go out . they will all be in the lobby . clamp right . that 's the only way out -- the front door . he take out a pocket computer - scheduler , c -- push a few button . `ï¿½ 0 clamp ( cong . 0 0 the sun set at - ( read ) -- seven-twenty -five . billy so around four-twenty -- just before they try to leave -- that 's when we can make we move . clamp I like that . they be off balance , we have get information they do not -- that 's when you can really take someone out . what j. we move ? billy it 's just a idea ... you will have to set it up . from outside the building , if you can get out there . clamp yeah I have get my own entrance . you should get out too . 0 ( continued ) revised May 10 , 198 92 . 0 144 continued : 144 billy there 's some thing I still have to take care of in here . thing and . . people . clamp this idea of yours -- billy yeah . it 's go to be tricky . but if it work -- you could save the city . clamp save the city . " developer save City . " good. shoot . lx ) CUT to : 144aa omit C ) 144 aa 144a int . corridor - with marla 144a walk down a din corridor % marla call out indignantly -- E marla be not anybody around here ? come on ... I nee light in my -- suddenly , marla be startle by a booming amplified voice -- the subliminal tape from the system Control Center , jack up to more- than -audible volume . male voice ( v.o. ) -- not steal office supplies work for I , and the way I live today ... marla what ? ( continued ) 0 revised May 10 , 1989 93. 40 147 continued : 147 newsperson 1 mister clamp , be it true the building 's be evacuate ? 4 ne'sperson 2 Sir , be the building on fire ? clamp no , no -- ( signal firemen ) that 's a false alarm . we have just get some problem -- newsperson 3 problem ? you have get a guy in a dracula costume in there , broadcasting stuff with little green monster . be you try to panic New York City ? clamp ln absolutely not . 1.10 0 newsperson 2 c3 then the monster be be D C clamp 41 I do not say that ... as the media mob follow clamp ac 's the street , Mr. futterman push the other way , toward clam sidewalk elevator . a couple of people notice -- sheila Murray ! -- but Mr. futterman push the button , and he 's below street level before anyone can catch bin . CUT to . 147a int . system control CENTER 147a in the wreck control center , lenny browse the console , look for button that still work , and jam on they at random . he hit a few slider in a bank mark climate , control , CUT to : 148 int . build - corridor 148 .and as billy move quickly down a corridor , search . ( continued ) revised May 10 , 1989 9 3a . 148 continuedt 148 40 billy kate ...? .a wind STORM come out of the vent . paper from nearby office swirl into the corridor . as billy bat the fly memo away and struggle against the wind , he hear a noise in a nearby office , and go inside to investigate . 149 int . a dentist office 149 a dentist 's reception area , full of cheery pro-flossing poster . camera follow billy 's cautiously move shadow on the wall -- where it 's suddenly join by the shadow of a gremlin ( daffy ) . see in shadow , the gremlin whack billy over the head with a frying pan . as billy 's shadow swoon to the floor , CUT to : 150 omit 150 40 0 revised April 2.3 , 1989 94 . 0 150a int . a office 150 a a hastily abandon office , somewhere in the building . gizmo be on the desktop , rummage in the open top drawer . with a quiet , stern determination we have not see in he before , he gather up a few thing : a rubber band . , , a wooden match .. . and a paper clip , which he start to straighten ... as gizmo work , pan to a digital desk clock . its number flash ahead three hour . CUT to : 150b int . lobby / bar 150 B the big lobby clock be also move ahead three hour . pan down to the bar , where a number of gremlin be drink , and enjoy the broadcast on the tv set behind the bar . the tv screen show grandpa Fred , in a cable tv studio with a donahue or geraidq - type talk show set - up , get ready to interview the Brain hormone gremlin . grandpa fred ( on tv 5 ( " ï¿½ b . in a even more bizar t 0 that one of the ore " creature , " be that I u eat ? the Brain gremlin nod . 151 int . cable tv studio ( continuous ) 151 grandpa Fred and the Brain gremlin in the studio , where katsuji be work the big floor - model camera . grandpa fred -- who be able to talk , and he 's go to talk with we now . ( to Brain gremlin ) I think the main question people have be -- what be it you want ? the Brain gremlin answer in he usual culture tone , sounding lucid . brain gremlin Fred , what we want be , I think , what everyone want , and what you and you viewer have -- civilization , revised - May 31 , 1989 954 E 151a int . lobby bar - gremlins watching as before 151a the drink gremlin nod agreement , pound beer mug on the bar for emphasis . brain gremlin ( on tv ) the nicety , Fred . the fine point . diplomacy . compassion . standards , manners , tradition . that 's what we be reach toward . oh , we may stumble along the way , but -- civilization , yes . the geneva Convention . chamber music . Susan sontag . everything you society have work so hard to accomplish over the centuiry -- that 's what we aspire to . we want to be civilized . I mean , you take a look at this fellow here ... on tv , a dopey - looking gremlin wander into frame , grin stupidly , wave at Fred 's o.s. camera . the Brain gremlin reach out of frame , come back with a gun , and shoot the dopey gremlin . the bar gremlin love it . brain gremlin ( cont . ) ( on tv ) now , be that civilized ? no. clearly not . i fun , but in no sense civilized ... on tv , Fred start back nervously away from the armed gremlin . grandpa fred ( on tv ) well ...uh , of course that could be argue different way ... as the bar gremlin live it up ' VA E pan to the front door of the ir % building . unnotice by the grem in scene outside the front door of the building have change . it now apa be red square at night , in the 1940s . 151b ext . build ( continuous ) 151b as the crowd watch , worker with crane position a cloth theatrical backdrop -- the Red Square scene -- in front of the door . clamp ( supervise ) a little to the leave ... careful , careful ... a FIRE chief climb down from a idl hook - and - ladder and come over to clamp . FIRE chief what 's this thing for ? ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 96 . 151b continued 151b E clamp this thing can only come out when it 's dark . we have put all the clock in the building ahead three hour . when they think it 's sunset ... and they see what a nice " night " it be outside ... they will all be in the lobby , get ready to come out . when they do , we drop this backdrop ... and let the sunlight fry them . FIRE chief ( indicate backdrop ) where would you find this thing ? clamp it 's from a musical I be back on Broadway . the one about stalin . it close last week . FIRE chief oh , I see that . Boy , that guy could d c e . 1510 int . lobby 151c ï¿½ ( ( ï¿½ the bar gremlin be still watch T c hihï¿½remlin be crazily filibuster . 011 braingremlin ( on tv ) we want the essential , fred. dinettes . bar stool . complete bedroom group . convenient credit , even if we have be turn down in the past . Fred , be I lose you here ...? CUT to : 152 int . dentist office 152 billy be blink himself groggily to consciousness , see the room through the blur of concussion . there 's a unpleasant , whining noise -- -- as billy sees daffy , now in dentist white , revving up the high -speed drill and move in on he . daffy 's face mask do not hide he goofy , eager eye -- billy flail desperately , but it just leave he mouth unprotect . daffy wedge a claw in , move in with the drill --- mr. futterma 4 billy ! S ( continued ) revised May 17 , 1989 97 - E 152 continued . 152 just before the drill can make contact , billy and daffy turn to see Mr. futterman come quickly toward they from the doorway . daffy turn on he with the drill , aim for he chest -- -- but Mr. futterman reach overhead , turn on the bright Castle lamp , and aim it at daffy -- who shriek , drop the drill , and run from the dentist 's office . mr. futterman you okay , billy ? billy yeah . Mr. futterman , what be you do here ? mr. futterman I know you would need help , kid . I be not gonna let you down . what 's next ? illy I be tr of find kate . S fu un man 0 right . let 's m out . he lead billy into the corridor U - 5 CUT to : 153 int . corridor - marla in spider web 15 - she be still stick in the web , struggle -- but suddenly she sees -- kate round the corner of the corridor , flashlight in hand . marla thank God you be here ... kate I could just leave you there . it seem to be good for you attitude . marla look -- about billy . nothing happen . really . I ask he to go out to dinner with I , but it be just business . 40 kate shake she head , impatient . ( continued ) revised May 17 , 1989 98 . 153 continued % 153 marla ( cont . ) okay . wait . I be go to be honest with you . it will be a cathartic openness thing . it be not business . I try to get something go with he . but I could not get to first base . do that help ? kate it will do . she reach into she purse , and pull out a swiss Army knife . but as she start cut marla down , marla sees something else , and scream -- 1s3a marla' Pov 153 the hideous creature that once be Mohawk , come toward they . Mohawk have the same head and torso he do before -- but he limb be now EIGHT fairy spider legs , stretch as wide and high as the corrido CUT to : 154 int . corridor - billy and m tterman 1 00 5l they hear kate 's scream o.s. , a in the direction it come from . 615h CUT to : 155 int . corridor - kate and marla as before 15 = Mohawk move toward the woman with a spider 's predatory nimbleness , quickly close the distance . kate and marla run as fast as they can -- -- too fast to notice that the corridor before they be strung with more webs . the sticky filament catch they -- and , as they writhe desperately , Mohawk , smile , clamber toward they for the kill -- when , suddenly -- a vent in the ceiling clatter open , and gizmo drop from it , fall to a display case on the wall between the spider and its prey . he wear a black headband , and carry a homemade weapon -- a bow make from the paper clip and rubber band , and a wooden match as a arrow . 0 ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 99 , 40 55 continuedt 155 gizmo sees he enemy menace kate and marla . grim determination show on he face , as he hear in he mind : sylvester stallone ( v.0 . ) to survive a war , you have get to become war . holding the draw bow and arrow in front of he , he pivot on the display case , so that the match scratch against the wall , and catch FIRE -- -- and , as billy and Mr. futterman round the corner , they see gizmo loose the arrow -- -- which catch spider - Mohawk in mid-body . the flame spread over he body and to he hairy leg as he writhes , tumble over , and die . billy rush to cut the woman free with a pocket knife , as Mr. futterman look at gizmo , up on the display case . mr. futterman what 's that ? billy 0 that 's gizmo , mister fu tprtt he 's on we side . Mr. futterman give gizmo a hand down from the display case . mr. futterman ( to gizmo ) uh ... thanks . gizmo respond with a quick , stallone - style nod , as kate and billy embrace . kate billy -- ( indicate gizmo ) what happen to he ? billy I guess they -- push he too far . billy thank God you be okay . kate I be now . marla could somebody tell I what the 1I be go on here ? ( continued ) revised April 20 , 198 99a . 0 155 continueth ( 2 ) 155 billy well -- gizmo get wet , and then the mogwais eat after midnight , and then some of the gremlin must have mutate , from the genetic material . marla ( think : huh ? ) oh. billy and if this thing get out of here now -- mr. futterman we will stop them , billy . I will tell you something -- ever since this guy attack we , back in Kingston fail , I have be scared it would happen again . but now that it happen ... I 'mr not sear . billy how come ? E ( continued ) m0n'00065 E revise - 3/6/89 100 . 155 C 7 ti t'ed : ( 2 ) 155 mr. futterman ( shrug ) screwy , huh ? but you know , billy -- the most important part of " american " be that last four letter : " I can . " Washington do not give up ... lincoln do not give up -- kate ( suddenly , sharply ) please -- mr. futterman what 's wrong ? kate I be sorry , it 's -- lincoln 's birthday . something terrible happen on lincoln 's birthday one year , and ever since then ... billy I do not think we have tliï¿½e kate . let 's no . `ï¿½ , ï¿½ CUT to : 156 int . lobby 156 true to billy 's predicti . ngremlins be converge in the lobby -- George , lenny , , - taffy , and a host of other . they mood be excited , anticipatory . spot tourist paraphernalia on several gremlin -- cameras , and a fodor guidebook .or two . the Brain hormone gremlin , stand nearest the front door , address he charge . brain gremlin be everybody here ? a cheer of assent from the gremlin . brain gremlin ( cont . ) all right then ... the Brain gremlin hold a sportscoat over one shoulder , Frank Sinatra - - style . as he near the door , he start singing " New York , New York , " with the gremlins singing the backup horn part behind he â €ž ( C ontinued ) revised stay 3 , 1989 101 . 156 continued : 156 40 brain gremlin gremlins start spread the news , dat that da - da - that , I be leave today ... dat that da - da - that , I want to be a part of it , dat that da - da - that , New York , New York ... dat that da -da-dat ... as the gremlin swing into they song , a angle on the lobby floor spot two trash can with swinging lid . grandpa Fred peek cautiously out of one , while kstsuji aim he camera out of the other . they be cover the gremlin from cover , like Edward R. murrow broadcasting from a bunker . grandpa fred ... it seem incredible , but follow they bl _urdijnif rampage a destruction , this creature be now mount what appear to be a production number ... 157 angle - mezzanine 157 billy , kate , marla , gizmo and Mr. futterman arrive on the mezzanine . they look over the railing , at the gremlin assembly below . mr. futterman hey , this guy be not bad -- kate billy , they be go to the door ... billy point at the dark - glass window over the lobby . billy do not worry . in a few second , mister clamp 's go to drop that cloth out there . the sunlight will come in , and -- kate ' 4 ' Â°0 sunlight ? on the : unwelcome SOUND of a` thunderclap , CUT to : 15.8 ext . build 158 surrounded by cop , reporter , and a expectant crowd , clamp look up at the darken sky , where the thunder be grow louder . clamp turn sadly , and wave a signal at the guy wait to drop the Red Square backdrop : do not bother .. 0 revised April 20 , 1989 102 . 159 int . lobby / mezzanine 159 thunder echoe o.s. , as the Brain gremlin cheerfully lead the assemble gremlin closer to the door . brain gremlin gremlins I want to wake up dat that da da da in the city that never sleep ... dat that da da da ... some gremlin have form a rockettes - style kick line , while other load camera and flip through guidebook such as " dining after Midnight in New York . " 160 angle - mezzanine 160 billy and the other watch . mr. futterman if that guy get out there in the rain -- this town 's go under for the third time . kate billy , we have get to do something . billy I know -- 0065 m 0 N he point to a coiled canvas FIRE hose in a case on the wall nearby . billy ( cont . ) Mr. futterman . get that hose . aim it into the lobby . mr. futterman into the lobby ? be you nut ? billy just do it . do it fast ... kate , get a box , and put gizmo in it ... keep he dry ... down in the lobby , the happy gremlin keep move toward the door ... brain gremlin gremlins this little - town blue dat that da da that , be melting away dat that da da that , I will make a brand new start of it dat that da da that , in old New York ... dat that da da that ... ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 103 . 160 continued : 160 E .while , on the mezzanine , kate grab a box from a nearby store , and Mr. futterman haul out the hose . billy drag a video- phone extension out of a mezzanine office and bring it to kate - billy kate , there 's a call on hold in mister clamp 's office . can you transfer it down here without go up there ? kate oh God -- I think so -- billy hurry . kate hurriedly hand marla the box contain gizmo . kate here -- atp not let he get wet . do it bit from the box , gizmo twitteje&amp ; entfully . 0 161 angle 161 a knot of gremlin in the lobby spot we group on the mezzanine , and start climbing a modernistic sculpture to get at they ... 162 angle 162 billy run to turn on the hose ... 163 angle 163 the Brain gremlin reach for the door ... brain gremlin it 's up to you , New York , New -- . but before he can open it , water splashes onto the lobby 's door , its window , its floor ... . and the gremlin , delighted , turn to catch the spray . they skin start to bubble . camera find miniature gremlins in the bubbles , as the lobby fill with the rise smoke and light of gremlin replication ... 0 revised May 16 , 1989 103a . 164 angle 164 0 X on the mezzanine , marla keep gizmo shield in the box as Mr. futterman use the gush hose to knock the climb gremlin off the sculpture , then turn it on the lobby floor again . billy stand beside kate , who furiously punch at the video - phone 's keypad -- kate .tap into the pbx . . back through the voice mail module ... main switchboard ... into the ethernet ... five - digit code -- billy that 's it ' . on the screen of the video- phone , the electric gremlin writhes in agony , try to gel off hold , as the plastic button blink beneath the screen . billy grab the phone fr d kew , . lift the receiver and hold it out over the mezzanine rani he look down at the happily shower gremlin -- -- push the blink button dow -- and see the electric gremlin shoot out of the receiver , swoop down into the lobby -- ( continued ) revised May 11 , 1989 104 . 164 c014 tirwued : 164 -- touch he crackle wing to the water that 's rise on the floor -- -- and a jillion watt of searing electricity spread across the lobby , nail the gremlin where they stand . . .and frying they ... on the mezzanine , billy and company shield they eye from the glaring light show , and they ear from the gremlin ' death scream ... .as the threaten invasion of all New York become a sodden , viscous puddle of green , churn protoplasm that swamp the lobby ... . and we heroes sigh with relief , they body untensing ... 164a angle - lobby floor 164a .as the lobby door b open , and clamp come in , lead a swat team in full comba , in what he expect to be a last - ditch charge -- -- and find nothing but a 's green goo on the lobby floor . he wave the swat team t st p . 0 clamp it 's okay , guy . ( survey the goo ) maybe we can use this stuff as land fill ... grandpa Fred and katsuji rush over to clamp . grandpa fred ( into mike ) we be here exclusively with -- clamp wave Fred and katsuji to a stop . Fred lower the mike . clamp Excuse I there , pal . who tell you to go on my network with all that coverage today ? grandpa fred um -- nobody , sir . it just -- seem like news , and i. , . clamp right . I be make you a anchor . six o'clock weeknight . E grandpa fred you be make I -- ? ( continued ) revised May 16 , 1989 105 . 164a continued : 164a clamp I want you to go down to barney 's and see about some different clothes , though . this -- ( indicate dracula costume ) this say to I , " Old World . " think about sweater . think avuncular . grandpa fred uh -- right . katsuji congrat Â° he turn he camera on Fred , and they start back out of the building . grandpa fred what do a men' wear makeover cost in Manhattan today ? join we , as we iny , estigate ... 0 billy and the othef 'c ï¿½ off the stair from the mezzanine , and go over to join clamp . , clamp Bill , it look like yob , fle we out here ... billy it be not just I , sir . everybody help . marla here , and -- clamp look at marla . clamp marla . you work for I , do not you ? marla yes , sir . very , very hard . clamp nod , look at she -- as if for the first time . something promise pass between they ... .as the door to the building open , admit Sheila futterman and a small crowd of reporter . Sheila sloshes hurriedly through the goo to Murray 's side . sheila E Murray -- what happen ? ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 106 . 164a continued : ( 2 ) 164a ' mr. futterman they try it again , Sheila . but we be ready for them . ( to billy and kate ) we be go home , guy . see you ... the futterman exchange goodbye wave with billy and kate , and leave . the reporter latch onto marla ... reporter what happen here ? marla oh , it be a complete nightmare disaster . we have to stop work completely ... .as billy and kate commisserate with clamp . billy I be sorry about the building , sir . clamp I be not . 40 00065 kate mun you be not ? clamp for one thing , we be insure for the damage . for another ... maybe it be not for people anyway . it be a place for thing . you make a place for thing ... ( shrug ) . thing come . billy well , you keep the city safe . clamp that 's right . that 's a good point . the sacrifice ... you know , this could be good in my next book . I should be take note . you have any paper ? billy let I see ... re rummages -- come up with paper and pencil from he pocket and hand they to clamp . but as clamp unfold the paper -- clamp wait a minute -- what 's this ? ( continued ) revised April 20 , 1989 107 . 48 164a continued : ( 3 ) 164a it 's billy 's draw of the main street of Kingston Falls . rand that 's Kingston Falls . clamp this be what I be look for . billy you want to move there ? clamp I want to bu it . my new project , over in Jersey -- this be terrific ! this be what people want now -- the traditional community thing . quiet little town ! back to the earth -- ( indicate draw ) be this you concept ? kate it 's we home town . clamp that 's even better ! I love m1q ! F m 00065 it 's -- wait -- clamp corner ! " where life slow down to a crawl . " what do you think ? billy uh , that 's -- kate it 's terrific . clamp this be the kind of thing people need . not talk elevator , just -- Bill , you sell I this design , and we will build the biggest , most sensational quiet little town you have ever see . kate of course , for billy to do a whole clamp we can come to a deal . believe I . be you Mrs. peltzer ? ( continued ) revised - July &gt ; 1989 108 . 164a CO ' inuebi ( 4 ) 164a kate ( smiling ) I be go to be , yeah . billy squeeze kate tighter , with gizmo cuddle between they . the door to the building open again -- and billy 's father , the inventor rand peltzer , come in . billy dad ! rand billy .. , kate . he slog over to billy , kate , and clamp . bil uh , mister cl this be my dad -- rand ( shake clampv and ) rand peltzer 's the I , sir . inventor . solve tge y's problem with tomorrow 's techn ] gy . here 's my card . clamp a pleasure . rand I see on tv what be happen ...' think I would come help you guy out . he take out a aerosol can . rand ( cont . ) wish I would finish this stuff a little sooner . clamp what be it ? rand indicate gizmo , who 's be hold by billy . rand ( hold up can ) the peltzer overcoat . in a can . personal waterproof , for that who can not afford wetness . ( to gizmo ) May I demonstrate ? gizmo look at rand , and nod somberly , stallone -style . billy hold he up , and rand sprays the chemical over he body . ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 193 log . 164a continued 164a rand ( cont . } Boy , if I would have finish this stuff a few day sooner , we could have save everyone a lot of trouble . kill you when that happen ... he finish spraying -- and take out a water pistol . rand ( cont . ) observe . everyone tense as rand aim the squirtgun at gizmo -- billy dad -- of -- but the splash for ater hit gizmo with no effect , and everyone -- includ i the stolid mogwai -- relax . G 1p ( to rand , indicate spray-c Excuse I -- d e that stuff work 9 on construction terial ? rand Sir , this will work be k on just about anything . clamp how about construction crew ? rand no reason why not . clamp ( to billy and kate ) Excuse we a minute . rand ( to billy and kate ) I will call you guy -- clamp lead rand away , talk business ... clamp ( cont . ) I for you know what I be spend on tarp alone ... 0 rand be that right ? ( continued ) revised - July 7 , 1989 113 , 164a continued : ( 6 ) 164a .leave billy , kate and gizmo stand by themselves near the door . gizmo , from he box , twitter a string of indecipherable mogwai syllable at billy , billy okay . kate you understand he ? billy , surprised , realize that he do . billy yeah ... I guess I do , now . kate well , what do he say ? billy he say he want to go home . X where 's home ? ''' gizmo twitter again . 0 B I ll'fq we place . 2 C kate , like the sound of i smile . billy pull she close to he , and , carry gizmo , t go outside ... y 165 ext . clamp build - day 165 .and walk into the city , as camera crane up on the disperse crowd outside the clamp Centre ... 166 omit 166 166a I nt` -. blazfp centre - lobby 166a Mary be still talk to the reporter marla .and then , some of the mogwais apparently eat after midnight , and whenever that happen .. . and clamp and rand be in conference clamp 0 we be talk about quantity here -- ' continued ) revised -- July 7 , 1989 ill ::66a cont .hued : 166a rand uh , sir , that 's no problem -- -- when a assistant slog over to clamp , carry a cellular phone . assistant it 's for you , sir . from here in the building . clamp in the buildi ( into p hello ? ... for what be you -- okay , okay , with get you out of there . which fl ?. . wow , way up there ... no , it ' ke a while , the elevator be ou no the lobby be -- I do not know , of too long ... we will do with fiat we can , Forster . keep you ant on . q 1k CUT to : 166b int . conference room 166b in a dimme conference room high up in the building , Forster back fearfully toward a wall ... .and the girl gremlin , dress in a bridal outfit , move slowly across the floor toward he , with what she imagine be great seductiveness . the girl gremlin saucily undoe a button or two ... . Forster try to melt into the wall ... ... and we discreetly black out , under end credit .