grosse pointe blank first draft : Tom jankiewicz revise draft : d.v. de vincentis &amp ; s.k. boatman &amp ; John cusack new crime production registered wga -- address delete -- for privacy -- phone delete may 4 , 1994 fade in : roll credit over : ext . golf course - dawn various extra close - ups of this luxurious patchwork of brilliant green : a polished brass sprinkler head pop up from the ground and begin to water the already dew - soak lawn . fleet of duckling no mother in sight , cruise through the thrushes . graveyard of golf ball , underwater at the bottom of a water hazard . palm frond after a neat they sway , revealing the barren desert that surround the artificial oasis . the sun already bake the air . we hear the open guitar strain of the Kim deal - kurt cobain suet of " what I did for love , " as we crane down the palm to a brand - new titleist 3 ball . just on the edge of the rough . a pair of yellow trousers move in . a iron confidently address the ball , and chip it out . the trousers walk out after it . hand digging dirt out of the groove of the iron 's face with a golf tee , while on the way to the green . both hand be glove , instead of one , and the glove be black . yellow trouser in a squat over the ball , size up the curvy , fifty - foot journey to the hole . the figure position himself and the putter above the ball , then pop the ball lightly . the ball roll and bob with purpose toward the hole , dodging hazard and find lane , until it finally fall off of the green and into the hole . the glove hand set the ball on the next tee . the figure move to a leather golf bag . the hand pull the wipe rag off of the top of the bag and drop it on the ground , reach into the bag , draw out a compact sniper rifle , affix with a long silencer . the figure drop one knee down onto the rag , the other foot firmly set its spike . we move the figure to see the face of the sniper , concentrate down the scope in he half - squat . he be martin blank . we swing around behind he head to look down the barrel with he . four-hundr yard away , on another part of the course , another green be barely visible through grove of tree and rough . Three miniscule , silver -haired figure come into view . one of they , in a red sweater set up for first putt . he could be a investment banker , or a arm trader . martin' arm flinch , and a low thunk report from the rifle . a second later in the distance , the red sweater's head seem to vanish from he shoulder into a crimson mist . his body crumple to the green . martin returns the rifle to the bag , pull out a driver , move to the tee and whacks the ball . he watch its path and whisper absently ... martin hook it . int . club house patio - later the outdoor post - golf luncheon area of a elite Texas golf club . Martin sit in on the fringe of a conversation between a group of executive type . club member # 1 have a buddha-like peace in he eye through the philosophical talk . club member # 1 I would come to the realization that everything I would base my life on be false . and that my life have no meaning . club member # 2 ( to Martin ) he get this way when he hit over eighty - five . club member # 1 it seem like my life be slip away , somehow . I be a knot in the middle of a wet rope . everything be futile and nothing have value . club member # 3 that 's the way life be . the only meaning and value be what we create . through structure , and discipline . though they seem to limit we freedom , they actually give we great comfort . you problem be you be look for some great answer . some ultimate truth . when what you really should do be go to work and go home . club member # 2 and take golf lesson . club member # 1 that 's a tragedy . can I finish my story please ? I begin my search for meaning . I be a Catholic , Jew , Scientologist , sufi , Buddhist . I go to a psychologist , psychiatrist , herbalist , nutritionist , a shaman , and a psychic . and they all pretty much say the same stuff . club member # 2 a Jew , a shaman , and a herbalist be tell you the same thing ? you be insane . club member # 1 basically the same thing . in a very evolve , esoteric way . club member # 2 insane . club member # 1 to make a long story short ... club member # 3 -- thank God -- club member # 1 ... at last I find the holistic system of system that open up the door of heaven for I right here on earth . and everyday I see the world through the eye of a child . a world of creation and wonder . club member # 2 Jesus ... club member # 1 overflow with love . martin tell I about it . Club member # 1 turn to Martin . club member # 1 p.p.p. personal Pan power . all the secret of you universe be divide up into eight easily digestible slice . Club member # 1 pull a laminate card from he wallet and hand it over to Martin . in the distance , siren begin to wail . club member # 1 see , see . it 's in the accessible and everyday shape of a pan pizza . each day you have a little slice of peace ... insert - wallet - size p.p.p. card a pizza-shaped diagram show six " section " . martin oh I see . you get you individual slice of hope , dignity , confidence , self - love , justice , and harmony . club member # 1 you open them up and there 's the say , storey , little bite of insight . it 's the p.p.p. six Day week . martin so you eat -- read it everyday ? club member # 1 yes . martin and this pan pizza have open up the door to heaven ? club member # 1 correct . ( be : the card ) that 's for you . keep it . siren be get louder , closer to the club . ext . country club - day the source of the siren be almost upon we . Martin walk toward he rent town car as the valet pull it up . he meet the valet by the trunk , where he trade tip for key . martin at car he fish out the laminate " personal Pan power " card , look at it , and toss it onto the ground . Police car , now visible in the distance , wind into the long club driveway . Martin get into he car and pull away . laminated card as it lay on the asphalt . the wheel of a police car roll to a stop on it . int . airliner - day Martin sit in a first class seat , the tray table flip down . on the leave side of the tray be a stack of magazine of all kind - Sports illustrate , Mademoiselle , wire , Rolling Stone , National Review , spin , National geographic , and on . he draw one off the top , and flip through it , impassively take in image and read nothing . when he be do with one , he discard it into the empty seat next to he and draw another -- Martin 's way of instantly and massively upload the world around he : toothless hockey player in triumph , Sony product parade , crouch starve child with vulture in the background , supermodel in suede , tic tacs , live former president , arm in arm , smile , etc . int . hire car , new york - day the livery weave out of the arrival lane at Kennedy airport . Martin recline in the back seat , a conversation have already begin . driver how be you day , today , sir ? martin effective . but to tell you the truth , I have lose my passion for work . driver do you like the people you work with ? martin I work alone . driver that 's it then . that 's it . I have always be alone . that 's why I be a good driver . I can handle it . see , I can think on my foot . I survive , I be a thinker . and I can sit there in front of you house for two hour and it do not bother I . some people can not do it ! some people be ranting and rave , " tell they fuckin ' people to get out here and get in this car , I can not -- I want a go ! " where you gonna go ? you be gonna wind up back in you garage at seven o'clock at night . you be not go nowhere . you leave you house in the morning you get back to you house in the evening . what 's the big deal , right ? martin you understand the psychology of the job . driver I do . some guy can not adjust to it ; they can not handle it . int . car - manhattan street - later the car cut through the upper east side . Martin and the Driver exchange look through the rear-view mirror . driver you look like you be far away . Far away and think about other thing . I be right about that , be not I ? martin no . driver well , let 's just say that sometimes I be right . sometimes you be . martin sometimes I be . sometimes . it 's only natural . driver ( laugh to himself at this great truth ) it 's only natural .... the Driver pause for dramatic emphasis driver I be look at you , and I have decide that I want to share something with you . martin okay . driver because you problem be you be bored . and you have a very big mind . ( beat ) I be part of what I call a brain syndicate . no reaction from Martin . driver I be part of a network of mind , a group of five people who be all connect , over hundred , even thousand of mile , through the mind . we can think with each other , think for each other . I can be drive somewhere , sleep with a woman -- whatever it be -- and at the same time be think a think in someone else 's mind , far away . running someone else 's brain . martin ( indicate ) up on the right . driver and when you think of it , it 's not so surprising that a small group of people control the whole world , be it ? int . HOTEL room , new york CITY - day a sedate and well - appoint four-star suite on the Upper East side . Martin stand in front of one of the open window watch the canopy entrance of a elegant high - rise across the street . he lift a eye rinse cup to he eye and tilt it back . a cellular phone ring , interrupt he . he move to the desk and draw one of three phone from he briefcase , depress a scrambler module , flip it open , and listen for a moment . martin if it 's not there , I can not proceed . tell they . Martin hang up . pick up another phone and dial . as he wait for a answer , he go to a fed ex blueprint tube lie on the bed . martin Tom . I have be wait for a answer . I be only in town tonight . he break the shipping seal and pull out a series of finish metal part include a long thin barrel , a scope , and a silencer . martin what 's different this time than the last time ? I have to be down front ... int . HOTEL room - same Martin stand in front of the window , phone in one hand , the scope in the other . next to he , the assemble rifle rest across the arm of a chair . martin ... I do not bother to call anyone else because you always take care of I . he glance over to a second window to he leave , which offer a view further down the street . he go to it . he raise the scope and see martin be p.o.v./ scope - window # 2 a few block down , small even through the high - power scope , be you average bicycle messenger dress in lycra racing gear , weaving through traffic toward we . slung low across he right hip be a black canvas bag . the Messenger 's hand be hide in it . the other phone begin to ring . martin hold on a second , Tom . I get my hand full here . he set down the phone and answer the other , still watch the messenger . martin good . account number 3649367 , transfer to account number 96-546-38739-47825 . ask for Mr. sanchez , tell he it 's Mr. duckman . if there be any problem , access file 673594638 - io - 98 , and look at it . Martin drop the phone and move away from window # 2 to the rifle . he mount the scope and he look out window # 1 at the high-rise . martin be p.o.v./ scope - window # 1 of a doorman open the door for a group of five man in suit . four bodyguard form a perimeter around the fifth man , a mall , avuncular figure in he forty dress in saville row finery . martin take a step back into the shadow of the room , and raise the rifle toward window # 2 . martin be p.o.v./ scope - window # 2 of a empty street . the bicycle messenger flash past . martin concentrate , track the path of the Messenger , lead he leave to right across the blind spot of the hotel room wall between window # 2 and window # 1 . STREET the bicycle Messenger bear down on the group of man , draw a Mac - 10 submachine gun from he bag . the group see he -- just as Martin 's sniper FIRE explode the Messenger 's chest . two of the bodyguard collapse onto they boss . the other two open fire on the Messenger as he wipe out horribly into a park car in front of they . martin withdraw from the window , and pick up the phone again and begin to break down the rifle . martin sorry Tom . but look , I know it 's the playoff . that 's why I be offer a thousand dollar for one seat ... Martin listen patiently as he work . ext . STREET - same - intercut doorman' hand unbuttone he double - breast long coat . martin just finish pack . martin ... well let I ask you , Tom . what do I have to do to get courtside ticket for the knick ...? STREET the two bodyguard kick at the Messenger 's body . the other two begin to move off of they boss , who rise cower . the doorman stand behind it all , unbuttone he coat . doorman a tall , dark , sharp - feature man in he forty , wear a handlebar moustache . he move toward the group of man as he flip open he coat back over two huge chrome .44 Magnum charthouse bulldog revolver and open FIRE on they . martin be close he bag when he hear the gun-thunder . martin never mind . I gotta go . Martin drop the phone , grab he scope , and spin to the window . martin be p.o.v./ scope of the doorman kick through the pile of dead bodyguard . he get to the man at the bottom -- they boss . the doorman fire both gun . martin react , surprised to see a second shooter . he pull himself from the window , put away he scope , and accelerate he exit . high -rise foyer outside , we see the doorman drop both gun on the pile of body . he walk back toward we through the glass door and make he way through the building toward the service exit . he shed he uniform and stuff it into a plastic bag . martin he two parcel in hand , exit out the side door of the hotel and walk down the street . doorman now wear rich man 's sweat , hop off the load dock , walk to a lincoln town car , and drive off . int . martin' and grocers car - day Martin roll down FDR drive in a lincoln town car once again on the cellular . martin ... tell they that 's not my problem . I be pay for one job -- the cyclist -- not two . see you tomorrow , marcella . marcella wait . I have Mr. grocer for you . martin patch he through .... Martin notice another town car appear in the next lane . we recognize the doorman behind the wheel , phone in hand . he be grocer . martin what do you want ? grocer I be set up a concern that would enable that of we in we rarefy profession to consolidate we effort . martin like a union ? grocer like a club . work less , make more . martin thank you , no . grocer we could be work together , make big money , kill important people ... I be willing to let you in on the ground floor . martin and you could be ... sort of like ... a father figure to I .... grocer ignore this . grocer it 's a free-market evolution . you will wake up to it ... c' mon kid . we use to run together when you be a rookie . I do not want to run against you . this thing 's real . everybody 's in . martin not I . so do not paw at I with you dirty little guild . grocer I be gonna get you , kid . Martin hang up and pull away . int . airliner - day Martin sit in first class , wiping he face and hand with a airline hot towel . he fold the wet cloth and once again speed through the image from a thick stack of magazine . he look up as he hear pilot v.o . it 's seventy - six degree and partly cloudy in Chicago this afternoon ... int . apartment , chicago - night Martin walk into a sparsely furnish apartment . he wearily drop he carry - on bag and briefcase in the hall . int . live room - later Martin sit on a futon couch watch MTV with no sound . on the coffee table in front of he be a phalanx of vitamin bottle . Martin take some capsule from each and wash they down with a reddish - orange beverage . int . live room - later Martin lie on he back on the hardwood floor . his eye be close and he wear a set of headphone as he absently tap he chest . woman ( v.o. ) " dear alumni : can you believe it 's be ten year ? where be you now ...? after a moment , he eye open , alert . his head turn to the side , and he hand lightly cup the headphone . close - up : wire from the headphone as it wind to a small metal box , with one unmark switch and one amber light - definitely not a walkman . the wire continue out of the other side of the box , across the floor , connect to a suction cup stick to the floor . woman ( v.o. ) ... be you guide a outward bound canoe trip like Brook stinson ? or perhaps in charge of appearance for the NFL like Leslie gunther ....? martin - a minute later draw a pre-cut section of the floor , the width of a pencil and twice as long , by a string . video monitor - a minute later the greenish starlight ( night vision ) image of a young , husky man sleep on he back , as see from above . a fine thread snake from behind camera to just above the man 's slack mouth . we pull back to reveal a Sony watchman that hold the image . keep pulling to reveal Martin watch it as he maneuver the thread down past the fiber-optic cable through the hole in the floor . martin - a minute later concentrate as he apply three drop of blue liquid on the thread . as the drop run down along the thread through the floor , he attention shift to the video monitor the drop , huge in the foreground , become smaller as they make they way down the line toward the sleep man . woman ( v.o. ) ... could it be that you be like chip longfellow , at the trade - relation tank in Washington . Sandy glasser own a cheese shop ...! martin adjust the thread minutely with one hand , and lower the fiber-optic cable with the other . video monitor the face begin to fill the screen as the fiber-optic follow the drop toward it . suddenly , the man snort and turn he face ... a drop fall it miss the man 's mouth and hit 's he cheek . video monitor the man 's eye snap open in terror as he look directly into camera . his image fall away as the fiber-optic be jerk back up through the hole in the floor . woman ( v.o. ) ... look at yearbook and picture evoke so many memory ...! martin ( v.o. ) ( hushed ) fuck ! martin stuff the apparati into a open duffel bag , and fly out of frame . woman ( v.o. ) ... some good . some bad . but all interesting ... int . hallway - moment later a bodyguard sit outside a apartment door . a muffle but dire scream be hear from within and he be on he foot , gun in hand . a exit door in the hallway slam open revealing Martin , he gun already point at the bodyguard . the bodyguard level he at Martin . martin freeze ! Police ! the bodyguard hesitates just long enough to get double - tapped through the head . woman ( v.o. ) ... as a graduate of the class of 1984 , you be someone special ... Martin move to the dead bodyguard , and locate a retractable key chain on he belt . he unreel the ring of key and open the door . he let the key retract back to the belt and drag he into the apartment . int . husky man' apartment - second later Martin move silently down the hall in a crouch . he come to the bedroom and slip across the threshold . woman ( v.o. ) ... whenever news of you filter back , the school be excited and proud of you accomplishment ... int . hallway - continuous Martin crouch down outside the bedroom door . he point the gun at the door , and reach up turn the knob . as the door open , the husky man fire wildly over Martin 's head . Martin return with one shot to the hut which sit the man down on the floor . woman ( v.o. ) ... we hope grosse Pointe High prepare you well to lead the kind of life that make a impact on the world ... Martin kick the gun away from the fall man , and raise he barrel to the man 's forehead . woman ( v.o. ) ... remember , " there 's no where you can go that you have not learn how to go in time ... it 's easy ... " husky man ( in severe pain ) whatever it be that I be do that you do not like I will stop do it . martin it 's not I . Martin cock the gun .... ext . east - west holding company , los angele - day the perpetual sun shine down on a small lot of pre-fab office bungalow . int . blank holding company a small suite of dry -wall office . east - west holding company be stencile on glass door behind Martin who stand in front of a young woman read from some kind of invitation . she be marcella maye . marcella ... so come on back to the old oak tree , acorn . sign , the reunion committee . " marcella hold up the mauve envelope and smile slyly . for the first time , Martin look scared . martin throw that away . marcella this ? martin do not tease I . you know what I do for a live . marcella it 's from one of that p.o. box . how be the trip ? martin tedious . I now authorize you to throw away all personal mail . marcella all of it ? martin and not show it to I . ever again . marcella that 's go to cost . martin I will pay . Martin begin to walk past she into he office , but marcella stop he . marcella they be not happy , sir . martin I be not happy . marcella they say they friend be suppose to have a heart attack and die in he sleep . martin he do not . marcella they blame you for the compromise . martin and they want I to make up for it . marcella in Detroit . this weekend . martin tell they that 's impossible . I need my normal lead time . marcella they be very upset . martin would you describe they position as inflexible ? marcella intractable , sir . you leave tonight . marcella look concerned . marcella and sir , I also get that break - mirror , black -cat , Friday - the - thirteenth kind of feel about this one .... martin there 's nothing to be do about it . marcella I liquidate the last account in Zurich , and split it into two new one in estonia . martin good . what else ? anything interesting ? marcella mmm , not really . but you be gonna love this one . she hand he a piece of paper . he scan it . marcella enough ? martin never enough . marcella but it 's a greenpeace boat . it would be so easy . Martin look at she wearily . he put it into the paper shredder at the side of she desk . martin I have scruples . next . marcella paperwork on the Detroit thing . it 's a full dossier . very comprehensive . she raise a thick brown dossier from the top of she desk and put it down again . Martin move through a door to he private office . martin' office Martin go into he office and sit at he desk . on the wall be a couple of boring print of tallship . a bookshelf hold trapping of a loose attempt at a cover -- a few shipping manifest , sealane table , and other specialize reference book on import / export . he sit and stare . new angle time have pass , and Martin still sit at he desk massage he gum with a rubber- tip dental pointer . c.u. martin' teeth the dental tool jump across the gap between he tooth like a hummingbird . marcella ( off-screen ) you should get go .... martin pull back he jacket lapel and fit the utensil into a pocket protector that be also home to a toothbrush , emery board , tweezers , and comb . he stand and walk out of he office . foyer Martin move toward the door . as he pass marcella she hand he the mauve envelope and a travel portfolio . marcella do not forget you identity . martin see you next week . Martin stop short as he reach the threshold . he hold up the envelope , and stare a dagger through it . on he way out , over he shoulder ... martin tell Dr. oatman I be on my way . int . dr . oatman' office - day Martin slouches on a leather couch . he hold the mauve envelope , now open . dr . oatman ( v.o. ) why do not you want to go to you high school reunion ? martin it 's in Michigan . honestly , what do I have in common with that people ? or with anyone ? dr . oatman sit in the window . he be kris kringle -esque , and wear a sheepskin vest , rough-hewn shirt , fade Levis , and old frye boot . oatman nod with the suave understanding of a man happy to collect fifty thousand in fee before ask a tough question . dr . oatman you go to school with this people . martin come on . dr . oatman we have spend a lot of time discuss that year . remember we say that fear be a transfer of the bodily hurt associate by experience with the thing fear , to the think of the thing . thus we fear a dog without distinctly imagine its bite . martin should not you be take note ? dr . oatman tell I about you vision of the reunion . close - up - martin CUT to : martin be p.o.v . - from above of a crowded gymnasium . the alumnus below stop what they be do and look up at Martin , drawing gun of all shape and size and OPEN FIRE on martin . the UNITED force instantly disintegrate , and all 400 people turn there gun on each other . a bloodbath ensues . one alumni shoot her own head off , another mow down the bar , etc . CUT back to : martin and oatman martin it will be depress . dr . oatman how do you know ? martin I just know . dr . oatman say more . martin they will have husband and wife and child and house and dog .... make themselves a part of something . and they can talk about what they do . what be I go to say ? ( sarcastic ) " I kill the President of paraguay with a fork . " oatman twitches nervously , almost spilling he coffee . dr . oatman you need not be so frank with I about you work . martin why not . I trust you . you could not turn I in because of Doctor -patient privilege ... and I do not want to be " withhold " ... and I know where you live . dr . oatman you know where I live ? martin we be both professional , oatman . dr . oatman I think what you fear Martin be domesticity . it 's the great fear that man have who belong to western Culture . it 's century old . like King Phillip , in the 11th or 12th century who decide one day that he be so bored with he dreary life at home with he wife he think , " well , would not it be great if we hit the road and fight ... oh ... the saracen . " so he put the word out and be amaze when a million man sign up and all of they want to go and fight in distant land and do terrible thing to people rather than stay at home with they family . martin so you be say that Ulysses -- everything he say to he queen when he come back -- everything be a lie ? he just want to fuck around ? dr . oatman yes . martin mmm . beat . dr . oatman and how have you be feel about you ... work lately ? martin uneasy . dispassionate . bore . it 's just get hard to go to work in a good mood . I be start to think I have be in the business too long . last week I do a guy young than I . int . church - series of quick shot : martin from the back of the darken empty church , we see he mount the altar . a priest in fact . martin' hand open the gild door to reveal the chalice . he remove it , squirt a clear liquid into the cup , and swishes it out . he return the chalice to the cabinet . martin ( v.o. ) the church seem to be purging itself of it 's pedophile . martin sit in the back pew of the church , now crowded for Mann . he watch the priest lift the chalice into the air , murmur a prayer , and drink from it . the Priest collapse behind the altar . martin ( v.o. ) it 's a bull market . c.u. of altar carpet the chalice bounce free from the Priest 's hand as it hit the ground . martin ( v.o. ) anyway , that never use to happen . I be always the prodigy . now I be just one of the guy . dr . oatman ( v.o. ) maybe some of the discomfort you be feel be ... guilt . remorse . over the innocent people you have kill . int . oatman' office - continuous martin if I show up at you door , chance be you do something to bring I there . I do not care about that stuff , anyway . dr . oatman what stuff ? martin ( dismissive ) morality . oatman 's glad the session 's just about over . dr . oatman go to you reunion , Martin . see that people and discover what they mean to you . try not to kill anybody for a few day , see how you feel . martin if I get antsy I will kill a few small animal . oatman now we be make progress . int . condo - night very dark . no picture or plant . almost no furniture , and what he do have be black . the only sign of life be a cat . the cat watch on as Martin sort through a cardboard box , finally come to a photo album . cat meow . martin just a minute . insert-album a teen - age Martin blank : shy boy with a nervous smile . he pose with he mother , a older woman with a kind smile ... but she eye be dark ; age by a life of work and worry . on the oppose page be a gilt funeral announcement that read : " in loving memory ... vistor allen blank .... " martin turn the page . insert - photo album a photograph of a tall , thin girl : a bright smile from within a bulky winter coat . a girl he 's always wonder about : debi newberry . handwritten on the photo in girlish loop : " would you rather ...?! " cat meow ! int . kitchen - same Martin pull himself away from the album and the cat follow he , moan hungrily -- martin food soon ... Martin open a restaurant - style refrigerator . it hold various bottle of vitamin , spirulina , wheatgrass , digestible hydrogen peroxide , fluoride treatment , oxygenate mouth rinse , and thirty can of catfood . martin tuna or liver ? cat meow . martin tuna it be . he open a can for the cat and a bottle for himself . while the cat eat , he return to the cardboard box . find a yearbook . flip it open .... insert-yearbook a picture of a senior class " blue Brothers " party : a group of teens mug to the camera in blue Brothers get-up . sprinter race for a finish line , they chest stretch for the tape . debi newbery senior picture a more mature version of the girl in the album . her name appear under he picture ... int . grocer's kitchen - night track light fill the gourmet-rustic kitchen . grocer stand , wear a burgundy fila sweat suit , push beet into a vegetable juicer . next to the juicer be pile of celery and carrot , as well . a low - key blip be hear from another room . grocer top off the glass and take it out of the kitchen . int . grocer's great room - continuous grocer enter the main room of the villa-style a-frame . he move to a antique oak desk and sit in front of a computer . on -screen graphic " click ok for remote access caller " ok be click . " availability for two day in Detroit area " " term " " $ 560,000 " " when " " now " " ok / fax material " grocer lean back in he chair and sip the juice . after a moment , the fax machine on the desk rattles . the computer beep . " confirmation number of wire transfer# : aj6687-oi99471 " grocer hit the return button after take in the number . a graphic appear : " connection be terminate / status idle " grocer 's fax begin to moan and chatter . grocer raise he juice glass to the computer in a lazy toast . int . plane - night Martin recline in first class , soar toward the Midwest on the red-eye . he have already scan he magazine and they be pile in the empty seat next to he . he set aside a powerbar . Martin read kill without Joy . after a moment , he set the book down and take up Iron John . int . detroit airport terminal - early morning at the edge of the airport bar sit lardner and mcculler , two government spook , agency unknown . they be both in blazer , no tie , early thirty , and they watch the pass crowd . lardner you always say that . you always say that . I be tell you , you never meet the man . mcculler seventeen month ago I be posting a walk in Lisbon , and he be there . he never see I . but I see he , though . lardner Lisbon ? mcculler in Portugal , yes . in the background , Martin pass by they as he walk down the hall . without directly regard he , the two stand , drop some cash on the bar , and begin to leave . lardner here 's the news : he have not be in Portugal since ' 90 . I know that from the file . why do not you read the file , man ? mcculler in fact , I think I talk with he , in bonn . lardner can neither confirm nor deny this . lardner you always say that . you always have to know everybody . why do not I just take the weekend off and let you kill he . since you two be so close . they exit . ext . exit ramp , detroit airport - morning inside martin' car Martin , in a black lincoln town car , veer off of the airport artery and on to a turnpike . the radio broadcast the news . broadcast ( v.o. ) ... with high today in the upper seventies . relate stock on Wall Street today as scandal continue to rock the joint U.S. - japanese tech Center ... martin' car blow past camera and on down the road . after a beat , a mid - eighty Ford country squire station wagon follow , occupy by two figure . inside the country squire be lardner and mcculler . they listen to the same broadcast . broadcast ( v.o. ) ... a unknown " whistle -blower " have leak a number of critical flaw in the safety design of next year 's model to authority that could cost million in recall .... martin flip through the dial , pause on rush limbaugh who wax fascistically . martin mein hero . ... and then turn the dial again and cut in on " armageddon time , " slow reggae vibe by the clash . ext . highway - Martin drive down the roadway ... headlong into he past . dig it ... int . martin' car Martin turn up the volume as he react to a familiar voice .... female deejay ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) -- this be wfrn , all vinyl , all the time . oldy from the eighty . it 's a cold summer day in grosse Pointe - - CUT to : close - up - a full , female mouth light only by dime sliver of sunlight , in front of a microphone . stray , gossamer strand of hair hang in she face move in front of she mouth as she speak .... female deejay -- and I be ready for some good tune and angry talk . or angry tune and good talk -- CUT to : martin look somewhere far away , beyond what be before he in the windshield ... female deejay ( v.o . ) -- or maybe we will just play the Cocteau twin and get over the goo-angry - talk music . as you know -- CUT to : the deejay' hand as they distractedly toy with the wire at the base of the mic . female deejay ( v.o. ) -- for some moment in life there be no word , and a little nonsense now and then be relish by the wisest man -- CUT to : martin still rapt , make a sharp turn into a shopping district . CUT to : her mouth female deejay -- the Cocteau twin , though also a band of the ninety , will be aire due to the fact that they create they own language to sing by -- CUT to : martin slow on a quaint street of cute shop . he creep up to a storefront on hide right and stop , stare through the passenger window .... CUT to : debi newberry the female deejay . she sit slump in a well - wear executive chair , she back to the studio console and the picture window behind it that open to the street .... debi -- now that 's freedom -- she swivel in the chair to face the street .... debi be p.o.v. of Martin 's town car outside , Martin silhouett in shadow . debi her brow furrow as she peer at the car , something summon by the dark figure . her word falter almost imperceptibly . debi -- the best I can do be a rhyme : where be all the good man dead ? in the heart or in the head ? back later .... martin shaken from he trance by she stare , pull back into the street and disappear .... int . martin be car - morning Martin drive , listen to the radio . he turn the corner with a expectant look on he face . suddenly he face drop as he slow and pull over .... martin be p.o.v . - 7-11 store Martin look leave of the store , then right , behind he , then back at the store . bewildere , he get out of the car . wide shot of Martin as he walk with purpose . he halt in the middle of the lot . he put he hand on he hip , stare , then move in ... we stay wide as he enter the store and address the clerk inside . martin what be you do here ? carl , the store clerk try to get a grip on this question . carl a double shift . what 's it look like ? ( soften ) can I help you with something ? Martin 's head pan the room , processing . martin I do not think so . ext . 7-11 payphone - morning Martin continue to gaze at the structure as if it 's a lunar landscape . martin ( into phone ) Dr. oatman . Dr. oatman . please pick up if you be there ... it 's Martin blank . it 's go . my house . it 's not here . my house be go and now there 's a 7 - 11 here ... and that 's unfortunate ... you can never go home again , Dr. oatman . Martin hang up . he watch one - stop shopper come and go . martin ( to himself ) but I guess you can shop there . int . nursing home - day martin be p.o.v. of a nurse lead he down a drab , antiseptic hallway . she bank into the sunlit room where a wispy woman in she late fifty sit expectantly on the edge of the bed clutching she purse in one hand , a filterless pall - mall in the other , a light coat on . this be mary blank . she suffer from Alzheimer 's or something just as debilite . nurse Mary , you son 's here . the nurse gently ease Mary up . Martin hug Mary stiffly and pat she shoulder . Mary take hold of Martin 's arm . they start out of the room . ext . suburban STREET - day they walk past a school - yard park fitte with a set of swing , baseball diamond , and a small grove of tree . she smoke and hack . mary I buy a new rug . martin that 's wonderful , Mom . mary what 's a revival tent ? martin it 's a place where religious people -- mary ( knowingly ) marlin Perkins and Jim ! martin Jim ? mary his assistant . he act like marlin 's son , only he be not . at least they never say he be ... I bet they be lover , faggot . yes , gay lover . Wild Kingdom my ass ! Mary cough horribly . martin it 's good to see you . I be sure you be curious about what I have be do . mary I speak to you father the other day . martin I imagine that would be rather difficult . mary nature make he then break the mold . Martin decide to change the subject . martin they tell I you be take lithium , mom . mary yes , they give I headache . I have a headache . martin you have a headache ? mary I have a headache . you have a headache ? martin no , I do not have one . mary you do not have a headache . I have a headache . Mary lean in close , smile . mary we have a good laugh , do not we ? martin yeah . I guess we do . ext . nursing home - day as they head toward Martin 's car , Mary stop and point to it . mary why do not you return this car and borrow mine ? have Debi follow you to the rent -a- car so you can get a ride back . martin I think I will go see Debi today . mary of course you will . martin I can not think of anything to say to she that seem appropriate give I leave and never say goodbye to she . mary take care of she . she 's a keeper . martin yeah ... mary and a leader . do not she meet castro on foreign exchange ? martin I have always think about she and miss she . a nurse approach with a wheelchair . mary Separate the wheat from the chaff and you have get the candle cat . together , Martin and the nurse help Mary into it . Mary gaze at Martin , take he in . mary remember no matter how impossible you problem feel . I have know people without a chance in the world . and all of a sudden , they have life . time allow miracle . let yourself breathe , son . Martin bend down and kiss she on the cheek . the nurse spin the chair around and head toward the building . he be somewhat fatigue from the experience , but he try once more to connect . martin Mom ... the nurse stop and turn Mary around to face he . Mary look up at Martin and brighten . she start to sing out like ethel merman , arm out Broadway style . mary " what 's up doc / what 's cookin ' ? / what 's up doc ? / be ya lookin' ? / hey ! look out ! you be gonna hurt someone , / with that old shotgun , / hey ... what 's ... up ... doooooc ...!/ we really mean it ! " Mary stop short , and squint at Martin . mary hey , you be a handsome devil . what 's you name ? ext . graveyard road - day Martin stop the car and look out the window at the sea of headstone . he jerk he hand in a stiff wave ... martin hey pop ... you get off easy . the house be a 7 - 11 . Mom 's a psycho - pharmacological punch bag and I murder for cash . if you be here I think you would be proud . he drive off . int . martin be suite - day the room feature a big square bed , dresser and television . Martin enter , kick a leather bag under the bed , and grab the steel - sided briefcase . martin pries out a wall vent , slide in the case and replace the vent . ext . MAIN STREET - day lardner and mcculler be stake out along the main strip of town . lardner snore , face press up against the passenger window . mcculler lay back in he seat , a to - go cup in he lap . he tap the cup with one finger as he absently sing he favorite Bob seeger song to himself ... mcculler " ... against the wind ... just a young man run ... against the wind ... let the cowboy 's ride !... blame on it the thuuunder ! night move ... " mcculler catch of Martin 's town car come down the street . he nudge lardner , and point . lardner and mcculler p.o.v. of Martin pull into a space on the street outside the radio station . he get out , look nervous . int . radio station - day Debi flip on the " on - AIR " switch and prepare to speak into the microphone . Martin walk in . Debi see he . they stare at each other . the song end . Dead air . after a moment ... debi ( on air , grop ) wrfn play all vinyl , all the time . oldy from the eighty . that be ah ... the special . do ... one of they song ... Debi turn to turntable B and find it empty . she turn back to turntable a and let the record roll on . debi ... and here 's another . Debi swivel around to face Martin . martin " oldy from the eighty ? " after a long pause .... debi I just play my own collection . martin it 's nice to see you again . Debi say nothing , just stare at he , in shock . martin how long have it be ? debi since you stand I up on prom night and vanish without say a word ? martin ten year , I think . what I miss ? Debi slowly groove into irony , she best defense . debi well , let I see ... they tore down the George Orwell monument and put up a bust of George Michael . Main Street 's a four-laner , no leave turn four to seven . I be marry and divorced . and grosse Pointe be now officially the new sister city to lower Hutt , New Zealand . we have fiber-optic town meeting every two month . martin here be now there . there be here . they eye lock on each other ... debi that be the headline . the request line buzze . debi hold that think . ( into phone ) wrfn fm , grosse Pointe . all vinyl , all the ... ( pause ) no Pearl jam . call back in ten year . beat . Debi make the move . debi tell I about yourself . martin I be in California most of the time . travel a lot on business . that 's about it , really . debi that 's it ? martin not much else . debi what 's you business ? martin I be a professional killer . debi professional killer . do you get dental with that ? beat . martin well , I be in town for a few day , anyway . they run out of word , the moment too big for small talk . Martin get the fear , break it off . martin well , I gotta go . but I will come back . debi okay . Martin leave Debi sit alone , in disbelief . ext . radio station - day Martin step out of the storefront station along the fashionable grosse Pointe shopping district . he stop in the middle of the street with a strain look on he face . int . lardner &amp ; mcculler ' country squire - same lardner &amp ; mcculler ' p.o.v . of Martin stand in the street . lardner and mcculler they frown , wonder at Martin 's next move . int . deejay booth - Debi lose in think , still . after a moment , she sit upright and flip the " on - AIR " switch . debi ( into mike ) a man come to you . he be from the past bring you pain long since put behind you . he say peculiar thing and leave abruptly . it all come flooding back ... ext . STREET - Martin stop in he track . his face soften , then become determine . he turn and walk back toward the station . int . deejay booth - Debi broadcasting ... debi it feel like a apparition , or some cheap , gruesome Rod serling time warp I would be thrust back into without warning . there 's a strangeness in the air and I do not mind tell you , I be a little spook . he be a man from my past . a man I love . a man who disappear . debi be p.o.v. of Martin walk back into the station . debi a man who 's walk back into the station . Martin come into the booth . the temperature rise as they square off . int . country squire - lardner well ? mcculler I do not think so . lardner well , remember when frysal 's man pay off the deejay in Cairo to announce a bogus press conference in the -- mcculler -- nooo -- lardner -- yes . and the munich Olympic in ' 72 . a local radio station start broadcasting news of the massacre two minute before it happen . mcculler be not to be outdone . mcculler that 's strictly bàader - meinhof stuff . lardner it be the plo . mcculler whatever . int . deejay booth Martin and Debi lock in a passionate embrace . they break away . debi sit . Martin obey . Debi clandestinely flip the " on - AIR " switch as she drop into she chair . the " on - AIR " light bar go on above and behind Martin . unbeknownst to he they conversation be put out over the airwave . debi all right mystery man . I want some answer . let 's recap . spring of ' 84 . two young lover with frightening natural chemistry . the girl sit in a seven-hund dollar prom dress at she father 's house wait for the most romantic night of she young life . the boy never show up , until now . so , what 's the question ? martin where have I be ? debi more like what happen ? what happen , Mr. blank ? martin I do not know exactly . I could venture a guess but it would sound like a rationalization ... I think you know ... maybe see you , some friend , my house ... of course now a 7 - 11 -- debi -- torn down in the name of convenience -- martin -- and I guess , sure , see you would be part of that whole equation ... I suppose the most important thing , really . I do not know . anyway , this whole thing 's my therapist 's idea . it 's my shrink , really . debi ohhh . you be in therapy too , marty ? martin you see someone ? debi uh , no . so you be back now , a decade later , and you want to sort thing out with I . the question now be , do I allow you ... access ... to my be ? Martin say nothing . debi all right then . would you like to share any more deeply personal thought with we listen audience before we go to we phone poll and see how the folk in radioland come down on this one ? a beat as Martin realize he 's be have . he seem about to bolt . debi should a broken-hearted girl give a guy a second chance at love .... Debi jab a phone line on the console . debi ( hard ) you be on the air . Martin deflate . old woman' voice I think this young man have avoid the question completely . have not discuss " what happen " nor if he 's sorry for what he have do . therefore , I do not see any reason why you should see he until he fully disclose he intention and feeling . debi thank you caller . stabs another line . debi you be on the air . dumb guy voice be you there ? debi yes . dumb guy voice no , the guy . Martin look up , humiliate . martin yeah .... dumb guy voice uh ... when you guy use to go out ... do you guy ever ... heh heh heh heh ... ever fuckin' , ever totally fuckin ' heh heh heh - debi next caller . guff man voice I do not know , Debi . sound like bad gas to I . I would not allow he access to you be . debi thank you . debi grosse Pointe Michigan , I hear you loud and clear : " if you love something set it free . if it come back to you it 's , well ... she turn to he and shrug apologetically . debi ... Broken .... " Martin have he answer . ext . radio station - day Martin leave the station , alone and beat down . martin dammit . never trust my instinct . he scan the main strip . martin be p.o.v. a man walk down the street . he be felix , a bookish , forgettable man in he forty , wear Le coq sportif sweat and shoe . he look as if he have a dark cloud over he head . Martin 's see he somewhere , and do not like what he remember . Martin 's Pov track he . felix be p.o.v. as he walk down the street , he spot the country squire , and eye lardner and mcculler in the front seat . martin be p.o.v. follow Felix 's eye to lardner and mcculler and catch they look . they eye lock , neither want to betray that they have make each other . they all do a pretty good job . his p.o.v. swing to a square - jaw , hale fellow wear dark sunglass who be approach directly and only a few foot away . the man be go for something in he breast pocket ... reaches into he own jacket , most likely for a gun .... the man pull out a glass case , and take off he shade -- he be paul swiderski . martin and paul Martin relax . paul ( grin ear - to - ear ) Hell , I would have vote for you , but there 's all this apple sauce stick in my phone ... I do not wanna talk about it . how the hell be you ?! ( extend he hand ) here 's five good one ! no trace of recognition on Martin 's face . paul marty ! it 's I . Paul . martin ( realize ) Paul ? paul ( be : hand ) you be leave I hang here ... they shake . Martin look he up and down , astonished at the respectable veneer of he old burn - out friend . paul hey . give I a break . int . paul be BMW - day Martin and Paul rive through grosse Pointe , Michigan : Wide street line with huge , shady oak . Castle - like home on golf - course green lawn . a comfortable , midwestern beverly Hills . they be cruise they old haunt , Paul smoking a joint . paul this will not take but a minute . I just gotta hold they hand for a final walk - through . I will take they in , get them out , then you and I can grab a little quality time . Martin look out the window , breathe in the past . paul goddamn , it 's good to see you . I be afraid you join a cult or something . I half - expect you to come back to town in a fennel wreath and paper pants . Paul offer Martin the joint . he decline . martin there be no money in it . Martin regards Paul archly . martin ( grin ) so what happen to you ? paul same thing that happen to you -- I stop poutin ' there on the sideline . get in . get on the team . I join the work week , you slick fuck asshole , so why do not you valet park you high horse and take it easy on you old buddy , Paul . martin Fair enough . beat . paul God it 's great to see you . martin you too . ext . frank lloyd wright house - day martin be p.o.v. of a lovely young couple on the front porch of a mid-size wright home ... perhaps that could be he if thing be different , but for now it feel like along shot . Paul be hawk the house to they out of earshot . southtec guard ( v.o. ) well , we do what we have to do if we find you on the property . but we do not really enforce the law , we execute company policy for homeowner . martin and the guard stand in the driveway . martin so when be you authorize to use deadly force ? southtec guard well , a ' course , tax provide you basic service -- police and whatnot . but we customer need a little more than just that , you understand ? this badge do not mean that I be a peace officer . the woman turn at Martin and smile . Martin smile back . martin so it 's not a meaningful symbol , or anything . that badge be just the badge of you company . if I look suspicious on you customer ' property -- well , under that heighten circumstance you have the authority to , ah ... to shoot I . southtec guard to shoot you . correct . martin how do you get this job ? southtec guard well , they be hire , and it be only a two week course ... martin ( pleasantly ) wow . Paul walk the happy couple down the step . paul ( to couple ) ... what more can I say . husband ( smile ) we will talk soon . paul ( much hand gesture ) you will be raise you new family in a work of art . a work of art in a work of art . Paul look at Martin and the Guard , invite they into the sell . southtec guard I be sure you will be very happy . all look to Martin .... martin ( heartfelt ) when my time come , if it ever do , I want a beautiful , normal place like this ... and a wife like you ... all be confuse . Martin thumb to the guard . martin ... and you will be safe here ... Paul look at he shoe and roll he shoulder . ext . frank lloyd wright house lardner and mcculler sit in the wagon , watch the house in the distance . int . paul be BMW - later Martin and Paul cut through a particularly charming neighborhood . paul now . I do not make a habit of pimping my friend , but there be one prime little piece of land that you must see ... martin be p.o.v. a sprawling gingerbread mansion rise into view . a long and wind driveway cut through thickly wood property to the house . martin ( v.o. ) Debi 's house . paul ( v.o. ) kind of creep up on you , do not it ? c.u. of martin martin no . you drive we here . paul yeah , but it 's still kind of eerie , be not it ? martin no . Martin 's not listen . his eye track the house out the window . martin be p.o.v. of the mansion . they roll slowly by Debi 's house . they drive in silence for a beat . Paul suddenly swerve to the shoulder , jam the brake , and turn on Martin . paul ten year . what happen !? martin I freak out , join the Army , work for the government , and go into business for myself ... I be a professional killer . paul thank you . Paul , satisfied , get back on the road . paul professional killer , huh ? do that come with a good hmo ? ext . road - day Paul make a turn . they approach a large car dealership . the sign above it say " destephano's bavarian motor work " martin ( look ahead ) he sell BMW 's ? paul he sell I this bad boy . martin how could you put you hard - earn dollar into the hand of the class bully ? paul he give I a great deal . martin mein Dealer . Paul slow outside the lot . bob destephano -- a big , angry - look man in a expensive suit -- stand in the lot , puffing up amidst he stable of expensive car . paul hey ! Bob ! the car 's run great . bob ( dismissive ) glad to hear it . Bob turn he back on they and begin to walk away . martin ( shout ) Bob ... bob ( turn ) what ? martin it 's I . Martin blank . bob really ...? so what ? martin okay . see you later . ext . radio station - night Martin climb out of Paul 's car and begin to walk toward he own . Paul call after he . paul see you at the leave -a- boy-came - back - a-man-made - good party . Martin nod he off . Paul pull away . martin stand across the street from the radio station , look at Debi in the window ... Martin draw a thin rifle scope from he back pocket , and lift it to he eye ... martin be p.o.v . - scope of Debi , in the crosshair , bored , tapping a pencil to the beat of a unheard song . martin deject . he put the scope away and get in he car . int . 7 - 11 - night Martin walk into the store , look around once again at he old home . to the leave of the door , a typical suburban teenage skateboarder be lose in the " mortal combat " video game and something too loud from he walkman . Carl , still work the double , nod to Martin . carl can I help you ? martin what 's do be do . Martin move up one aisle to the gum rack . he pick out a pack of beaman 's and unwrap a stick as he head to the counter . on the way , he make a black town car pull into a spot next to he own . he immediately change course , and bee-line for a rear aisle where he duck down ... felix come through the door , draw a Mac - 10 for each hand . martin grab the gum out of he mouth and stick it onto the bottom of the Glock .9 mm he have produce from somewhere in he suit . carl grab the cash drawer , set it on the counter , and put he hand up . the skateboarder Plays on . felix and carl Felix shoot carl dead on he way toward martin bolt up the cooler aisle . burst of FIRE follow he , take out each freezer door behind he . martin and felix exchange FIRE John woo-style between the aisle of the cramped store . Felix deliver a close - to-home burst as he jump the counter , send Martin diving out of view . martin pin behind the slurpee machine , pause to reload he now two Glock nine . Martin steal a glance to get a bead on Felix and be meet with a salvo that rock the slurpee machine , spattering he with several flavor ... and that 's all he can take . Martin come up blasting with both gun , but all that 's leave of Felix be swinging door and squealing tire . Martin move to the cashier island , low to the ground . the skateboarder twitches and jerk , still absorb in he game and oblivious to the surround carnage . cashier island Martin crawl through the waist - level swinging door and move to Carl . carl be really dead . Martin roll he over to check it out and find a bomb under the corpse . martin flip the corpse back on top of the device and leap the counter toward the door . he grab the shoulder or the skateboarder , who shrug he off , annoyed -- skateboarder what the fuck , man ?! the video game screen explode . shot full of Martin 's bullet . the skateboarder react backward and Martin jerk he out of the double door . ext . 7 - 11 - continuous the skateboarder be run like crazy , and Martin 's car be peel out in reverse as the 7 - 11 be blow to hell . int . martin be car - moment later Martin 's hair be matte with slurpee as he try to drive and cool out . he see he do in the mirror , pull out a comb and start to comb it back into a slick Pat riley style . ext . radio station - night Martin walk in , not look half bad , consider . Debi look up from some read . " naïve melody " by the talk head play in the studio . martin be you go to the reunion ? debi no. I be not go . be that why you be here ? martin that 's part of it . debi well , you will have a ball . you seem to have everything everybody want when they go back . the car , the suit , the watch . the look . that just leave the little thing , like happiness , character , point of view ... martin it 's always the little thing . debi yep . beat . martin I be wonder how you have be . how you be . I would like to catch up with you . if it 's possible . beat as Debi consider . she spin she seat to face he . debi okay . let 's catch up . you go first . martin well , there 's not much to tell . debi I be sure you have do worthwhile thing in the last ten year . you have have experience . martin bad experience . debi you meet people . martin bad people . debi watched television ? martin bad television . debi ( amused ) jesus. marty . you be pathetic . it sound like you need a shockabuku . martin what 's that ? debi it 's a swift spiritual kick to the head that alter you reality forever . martin that would be good . beat . debi what do you want ? the question be open . martin I figure I could pick you up tomorrow around seven o'clock . debi let I get this straight , be you ask I out ? martin yes . debi unbelievable . martin Seven it be . debi I will think about it . ext . joshua tree campsite - night under a crisp and starry night , a man and a woman sit around a campfire . as we move closer we see that the woman be marcella read , " woman who run with wolf . " she tend to s'more on the campfire , assemble one , and hand it to monty , she young outdoorsman boyfriend . monty be perch on a small boulder , engage in a tai-chi-like ritual , wear patagonia 's finest . there be a path of crystal lead from the fire to the boulder . in the background be a tent and a Nissan pathfinder . monty 's watch go off . monty baby , it 's eight o'clock . marcella get up . marcella thanks , monty . she tousle monty 's hair on the way to the truck . int . truck - continuous marcella get in . she shut the door and dial the phone . marcella hey there , how would it go ? int . martin be suite - night - intercut Martin sit on the edge of the bed in a towel . martin it be not do . marcella pause , take this in . marcella this be not good . martin I will do it tomorrow . marcella consider this . marcella what 's it look like ? martin it 's fine . marcella you have not look at the dossier . martin ( a little defensive ) I have look at it . Martin eye the vent . marcella you have . martin yes . it 's the same as usual . nothing remarkable about it at all . marcella I have to call the client and give they a reason why you be late . martin tell they my house explode . beat . marcella do not know what to make of this . marcella I will call they and tell they you be take you time . be a professional . martin okay , call they . Fine . oh -- and if you could find out why they double - book the job , and who be try to kill I , and call I back -- that 's be great . marcella will do . Martin hang up . he move up to the air vent , decide to get down to business . he pries it open , and withdraw he briefcase , put it down on the bed and prop it open . he look at the unopen dossier for a moment , flip it over in he hand , and toss it on the bed . briefcase we catch a glimpse of Martin 's weapon . Martin pick up the envelope and be about to tear the seal when the phone ring Martin drop the envelope and lift the receiver . debi ( filter ) be you there ? martin yes . debi pick I up at my father 's house at around seven . and do not be late this time . beat . debi hello ...? martin this night , this reunion will be a important step in we relationship . debi you be fuck psycho . martin do not rush to judgement until all the fact be in . she hang up . Martin smile and replace the receiver . he turn to the apparatus laid out on the bed . gun , bullet , etc . what have be he life be beginning to look more like death to he . he place the envelope in the case , then return the case to its hide place . ext . diner - day lardner and mcculler stake out Martin from the country squire across the street . mcculler I wish he would do he job already so we could do we job . lardner we can not do we job unless he do he job . mcculler why do not we just do he job then , so we can do we job , and get the fuck out of here . lardner do he job ? I be not a cold - blooded killer . mcculler wait a minute -- lardner - look . you want to kill a good guy , but not be a bad guy , you wait until a bad guy kill the good guy , and then you come in and kill the bad guy , and then you be the good guy . mcculler so if we do he job , we be the bad guy . if we do we job , we be the good guy . lardner yup . they both laugh , as if at some great joke . they laughter be catch short by the sight of lardner and mcculler ' Pov grocer move into the diner . int . diner - late morning Martin sit in a window booth split nutrient caplet into a apple juice and look out the window . grocer slide into the booth , across from Martin . martin and grocer Martin draw a nasty little ppk pistol from he waist , and level it at grocer under the table -- but grocer be already draw he pistol down there , and there be a instant mexican breakfast stand -off . grocer easy , tiger . a waitress approach . waitress hi. welcome to b.i. mccafferty 's . my name be Melanie and I will be you server this morning . let I tell you about some of we special . today we have the " alfalfa on my mind , " we feature omelette . and there 's we " gatsby 's West Egg omelette . " and if you be in the mood for something different there 's the " I leave my heart in San franchezie . " Martin and grocer 's eye remain lock . grocer I want two egg poach , hash brown well - do . English muffin for the bread . and a coffee . martin Whole -grain pancake . and a egg - white omelette . waitress what would you like in the omelette ? martin nothing in the omelette . nothing at all . the waitress nod pertly and leave . grocer ( be : the omelette ) come on , live a little . I be sorry about the incident yesterday . martin no harm no foul . grocer a little misunderstanding among my associate . beat . grocer I tell they to kill you and they do not . martin hard to get good help this day . grocer but since we be both here , I think it 's time to take a fresh look at we relationship . martin I do not get into this business to have " associate . " and I do not want to join you goddamn union . " loner - - " " loner gunman . " get it ? " on my own . " that 's the whole point . why do not you become a cop , or something . you can drink coffee in the morning ... with friend ! grocer look a little hurt . martin ( ease up ) look , this be a one - on - one business ... every time you get to know people , bad thing happen . if it will make you feel any better , this be my last job . so what do you say we put we gun away and forget the whole damn thing . grocer lose it . grocer fuck you ! no scab ! from now on , everything 's regulate ! Long beat as grocer get a hold of himself . martin no deal . grocer Fine . but we be not go to let you do you job . because we be gonna do it . and then , after we do you job , we be gonna do another little job ... martin ( wry ) be that right ? grocer yeah -- after I shoot you through the fuck forehead I be gonna fuck you in the bullethole . martin Nice talk , sugarmouth . int . suite - bathroom - night Martin sit at a desk , stare at the reunion card . he toss it aside , get up , and move in front of a mirror . he wear a crisp black suit and practice he greeting smile ... martin ( try on smile ) yes , I be a pet psychiatrist . I sell couch insurance . I test - market positive think . I lead a weekend man 's group , actually . we specialize in ritual killing . I be hungry , be you hungry , I be hungry , oooh , ooh . ( sarcastic ) hi , I be Martin blank , remember I ? I be not marry , I have no kid and I would blow you brain out if someone pay I enough ... so how have you be ? where do you stand on the issue ? be you Left ? right ? up , down , proud , shame , blahblahblahblah -- ext . debi be house - early evening Martin make he way up the walk lead to the front door , hold a simple bouquet of flower . he skip up the front step and find the doorbell . after a moment , Debi answer . debi Flowers . that 's funny . martin as long as I get the laugh . debi ( take they ) here . let I put this in some rub alcohol . she back into the house , and he follow . int . newberry foyer - continuous Martin follow Debi into the hall . both be enjoy this atavistic ritual . martin you look beautiful . debi okay ... hold on ... martin be p.o.v. through a doorway lead into a de . all that 's visible of mr . newberry , Debi 's father , be a pair of leg rest in a barcolounger . debi ( v.o. ) ... let I get my coat . martin I will just help myself to a cocktail . debi move up the stair and disappear . martin look at the leg , roll he shoulder , and head into the de . int . den - continuous Mr. newberry sit in the recliner read a Tom clancy novel . he be a corporate aspen-dude - ranch sort with a good head of hair . he sigh , close the book on he knee and look up to Martin . martin good evening , Mr. newberry . mr. newberry good evening , Mr. blank . martin how be you ? how 's business ? mr. newberry Martin , I do not know where you have be since you abandon my daughter ten year ago , and I do not care . it be good that you leave , and I be glad you do . so what do you want to talk about ? you have grow up a bit . maybe I have you figure wrong . martin how 's that ? mr. newberry I visualize you , in a haze , as one of the slackster , flannel - wear , coffeehouse - misanthrope I have be see in Newsweek . martin I take the other road . I be more of a self - reflective young lion who do business with lead - pipe cruelty and go home to drink light beer in milky - eye isolation . I love sport and sex and have no real relationship with anyone . and you ? mr. newberry oh , you know I , Martin . I be the same old sell - out baby - boomer , exploit the oppress I get shot for at Kent State . but why do not we have a drink and forget the whole thing ? newberry lay down he book , and move behind the wet bar . martin why not ? mr. newberry so what be you do with you life now , son ? martin I be a professional killer . mr. newberry that 's good . Debi 's footstep be hear come down the stair . debi ( o.s. ) okay Mr. newberry watch Martin turn and walk out of the room . ext . debi's house Martin and Debi pull away from the curb . int . car - dusk Martin and Debi drive through that to Debi be town , and to Martin be a widen pool of quicksand . martin do you want to get a drink first ? debi I think they will probably have booze there . martin right . Martin 's right hand shake off of the wheel a bit . he grip it tighter . suddenly , Martin turn the wheel and pull into a gas station parking lot , halting next to a pay phone . martin I will just be a second . Debi nod , a little confuse but go with it . debi okay ... ext . payphone - minute later Martin stand at the kiosk next to the town car , mid - conversation . martin ( defensive ) ... well , I do not kill anyone , but someone try to kill I and the guy in the middle get kill . so if I see that guy again I be definitely go to kill he , but I will not kill anyone else . oh , except for the guy I be send here to kill . I do not know ... int . oatman' office - intercut oatman treat he patient . dr . oatman what else ? say more . martin saw my mom ... I be with Debi , and I be on my way to the reunion . in the background , lardner and mcculler drive past the station . dr . oatman okay . repeat this after I . martin out loud ? Martin look to Debi . she look up and smile . we hear Dr. oatman 's command , Martin mumble they back . martin ... I be at home with the I . I be roote in I , who be on this adventure . dr . oatman take a deep breath and realize , that this be I breathe . martin this be I breat . Martin take in a few breath . maritn alright , look . I gotta go . dr . oatman and do not kill anyone . martin right . do not kill anyone ... int . martin be suite - same Felix rummages delicately around the room . he go to the nightstand the reunion invite . felix pick it up and scan it . ext . grosse point high school - dusk lardner and mcculler sit it the parking lot . they watch Martin and Debi pull into a space . lardner he 's fall for she . look at he . mcculler he use she . lardner you be wrong . look at he face . mcculler one can not love and kill . lardner ( defensive ) I love . I kill . martin and debi climb out of the car . Martin , breathe deeply and wiping he sweaty palm , lean against the car and try to calm himself . eighties music echoe from the gym . martin ( to himself ) shoulda bring my gun . debi what ? he pull himself off the car and head toward grosse pointe high school a sprawling red-brick gothic structure with many wing . it be top by church - like tower . it 's scary . int . gym - night Martin and Debi enter and pause to take in the entire scene . a benevolent Ronald Reagan hang crookedly above . basketball net be swing back , drape with crepe . light be half - low and the music be loud . alumni be dance . arlene welcome back ! I be arlene oslott - Joseph . martin I be Martin blank . debi Debi newberry . Debi head off into the gym , smile back as she strand Martin . arlene rise from a card table . they have little to say . Martin be not part of she crowd . arlene marty , you have not change a bit ! martin do not say that . arlene give he a nametag . as a special torture , the tag have yearbook photo . Martin look at the name tag uncomfortably . arlene we have picture put on , that way everybody know who everybody be ! martin wonderful . arlene so , what be you do now ? martin whatever I can get away with . she smile at he joke and be immediately distract by the next arrival . Martin move off ... arlene ( to the next person ) be not it cute . it 's so everybody know who everybody be ! he circle the crowded gym . look for familiar face . he stop at the open bar . batender what can I make you ? martin beer . the bartender get he a beer . Martin recognize a guy at the bar . he be well - appoint and shiny . he be ken aldridge . martin hey , Ken . how have you be ? ken ( glance at Martin 's name tag ) hello Martin . how have you be ? martin not bad . you ? Bob destephano arrive next to they and order a drink . Eye contact be make . ken hello , bob. martin hey , Bob . Bob turn slightly toward they . they continue in they conversation . ken I be a attorney . I be with moss , brice &amp ; fromeyer . martin that sound pretty interesting ... Bob want to join the conversation but do not know how . ken sometimes . I be in divorce , mainly . some property . some personal injury . martin that all seem kind of related ... Bob take another drink and mope off , Martin watch he go . martin tragedy make you thirsty . Ken chuckle . the bartender arrive with the bottle . Martin grab it and begin to move off . martin well ... I have to take this over to Debi . ken here . take my card . wait a minute ... here 's a special one . for top - shelf client . Ken hand Martin a monte blanc pen with Ken 's title and business address print on the shaft . Martin read it and put it in he kerchief pocket . martin thanks . Ken go back to listen to the guy at the bar . martin make he way through the upbeat crowd of well - wisher . terry emerge like a inkspot on a clean white whirt , and intercept Martin . his angst be barely under control as he sidle up to Martin . terry I do not know , blank , all this fuck people , drive I crazy . look at they over there , memorialize old time , act all like it be something " life-changing . " and the people in the National honor Society ? the name tag ? Martin shrug . terry they have special blue start on they like it fuck matter now that they be in the honor club ten year ago . I be get fuck nauseous from all this sentimental bullshit . it 's make I sick . Terry stop suddenly as if he 's finish . Martin read this man 's nametag . martin why be you here ... Terry ? Terry turn on a dime . terry I want to see a couple people . but I do not want to talk about the old day ... what do we have together , Martin ? type ? martin ( remember ) drafting . terry yeah , I could not stand that fuck class . but I appreciate you help I out , man . martin do not mention it . terry yeah , thanks . well I be go to try and get out of here , man . I will see you later . Terry slink off . bar - same Bob destephano grab two more scotch off the bar and turn to leave , thoroughly morose . in he path , he find dan koretzky , the good-look side of brainy . dan bob. Bob destephano . bob what ? dan I be dan. Dan koretzky . bob Computer guy . dan yeah ... hey , I see you at you dad 's dealership the other day . bob I sell BMW 's . what do you do ? dan not much , actually . my software company just go public so I be just ... hang out , really . there 's a sudden lull in the conversation . Bob try he drunken hand at relate ... bob remember high school ? dan sure. listen . why do not you join we up in the grandstand ? Dan point up to a group of happy , laugh people . Bob walk off shaking he head and smile bitterly . int . gym - later Debi and Martin be seat at a round table with six other in a area block off for dinner . plates of gumbo be arrive and the wine be pour . darius , a African - american , be in mid-conversation with amy , who look like she walk out of a Laura Ashley catalog and sit on the other side of Martin . dennis and mike be two suit in the midst of a non - stop sport conversation . mike ... you gotta hold the fan responsible , though , Dennis , because they be the one put up with the mediocre product . dennis I guess , though , you know , if you look at it Mike , that park be a beautiful park , I have go to that park many time - I have have the great time of my life at that ballpark and let 's face it , I tell you this , Mike , by the sixth inning , if you be have the fun you should be have at Tigers Stadium , you do not even know what the hell 's go on anyway ... they both crack up at this . angle on darius , martin , &amp ; debi darius have you two be together since high school ? debi no -- martin -- yes . actually we just buy that little Frank Lloyd wright on pine Avenue ... Debi 's a social worker and I mow down insurance claim at aetna - - debi we have not see each other since high school . darius I figure . you two look too happy together . I should not say that though , I be marry ... so , Martin - - what be you up to this day ? what do you do for a live ? Debi perk up ; this should be interesting . martin I be in pro-active international relation . it 's a very specialize company . we execute economic investment opportunity . sort of economic clean-up ... with a emphasis on personnel . it 's boring , you know , it 's boring . I do not like to talk about it because I do not think what a man do necessarily reflect who he be ... Martin begin to draw strange look from all over the table . Martin may be in trouble . martin ... I have always try to refrain from a black - and - white moral lexicon -- you know , good , bad , right , wrong -- I have be more interested in the gray area . silence . Martin push on . martin but that 's no way to live . I guess you have get to just take the leap of faith . believe in something . fuck it . darius sound complicated , Martin . be you happy ? martin I just have to close this one last account . I would like to just stop now , today , but I can not ... it 's a step in the right direction . debi I do not know , Martin . it sound like you be feel compromise . live the way you want . the only thing that 's inexcusable , to I , be cynicism . that 's the biggest cop - out there be . nod of assent come from around the table . a brief silence , and then ... amy but wait . I still do not understand what you do . martin I work at kentucky fry Chicken . Debi suppress a laugh . amy you do not . martin yes I do . amy you do not ... martin in the corporate office . amy oh ... really ? martin yeah ... amy what do you do ? martin I sell biscuit to the southland . amy you do not . martin it 's what I do . amy you be so funny ... martin I sell biscuit and gravy all over the southland -- amy -- stop it -- martin you know that horsey biscuit gravy packet ? I move all of that -- amy -- no . martin sometimes we sell they to McDonald 's and just change they to special barbecue sauce . across the table from Martin and Debi , Dennis turn to Darius . dennis what do you think about black coach in the NFL , Darius ? because I think it 's great . darius I do not pay much attention to football . mike I have to agree with you Dennis . it 's good to see that the owner be willing to put the franchise behind a black head coach or qb when for year in the league they have be keep out of the think position and relegate mainly to the physical game . dennis but now , you see , you have Warren Moon at the helm , cunningham , Art Shell , and the coach up at Minnesota ... mike Dennis Green . and if you remember , Doug Williams be the first black man to prove that on a superbowl Sunday . Amy lean in to Martin . amy ( to Martin ) I be teach art at Cedar junior High School . dennis ... yeah , listen . where do you stand on this whole Louis farrakhan issue ...? darius ( facetious ) I be a De klerk man myself . Debi nod , indicate to the deejay stand . debi I be go over to play some tune . Martin watch she walk away . int . gym - grandstand - later Dan koretzky sit with two other former - square - turn - handsome - fella who now enjoy a confidence that come with early investment in Microsoft . Martin look out over the milieu below , enjoy the seene . he eavesdrop on a group of man from a few row back . group of men dan look at she . there it be . Jenny slater . the finest thing that ever walk this hall . former -square # 2 I believe she marry the state of Maine . dan yeah , he 's around here somewhere . what a shame . she would have look great in my fuck bentley . former -square # 3 no , my friend , Jenny beam . not only be she as fine , if not finer , than slater , but she have the " bad girl " thing go for she . and the red hair . c'mon . dan she 's a paramedic in skokie , Illinois . former -square # 2 you both be mistaken . Jenny maretti be the finest . no question about it . former -square # 3 the three Jenny 's . Three Jenny 's . all name Jenny ... dan you know what I be really hope ? that Jenny slater get divorced . and she 's twenty - eight -- former -square # 3 -- she 's get half the state of Maine - - dan she 's twenty - eight year old , with two kid , she 's still really really fine , and I see she at a bookstore or something , and she see I for what I be then , and what I be now : the redemption for all she failure . former -square # 3 you mean the redemption for all you failure . they ponder this . Martin look down on the gym , concentrate on Debi . bob destephano Dancing drunkenly , miserable , like a unbalance orangutan . CUT to : int . gym - deejay booth - later Martin stand by Debi as she sit in for a set in the deejay booth , on a raise stage . they be play a old sophomoric game . debi which would you rather ...? martin okay ... would you rather ... commit yourself sexually to a four- by- nine cell with former President George Herbert Walker Bush dress as a super - model for a month , or make love to a otter on crank for a week ? debi Soft . I will take the junkie otter , clearly ! I would let the little beast scratch and claw all he want ... okay . would you rather make love to the candy corpse of Phyllis diller -- martin -- she 's not dead --- debi it 's just a game ...! alright . candy diller , or ... wear a hot pork vest across the desert with a fully digested crab apple in you mouth ? martin wow . I have to give this some think . debi no time . martin okay , then . clearly candy diller . stacey break the moment , look up at the two , horrify and unsure at what she 's hear . stacey marty ! Debi ! how be you ! so many people come , but I never expect to see you marty . or you Debi ... I mean ... because of what you divorce ... I do not mean to say that . I just mean you look so good . debi thank you . stacey do you think you could play " too shy ' " by kaja goo goo ? debi Stacey , why do not you come up here and take over for a little while ? stacey I would love to . Stacey nod thanks and make she way up into the booth as Martin and Debi make they way down . debi ( to Martin ) everybody think they know I now that I be divorced . she lead Martin toward the exit . debi it 's time to see you in private . int . school hallway Martin and Debi walk down the hallway , alone together . martin even though I leave , you never leave I . not just memory but a substance in my blood . debi ( smile ) like heroin ? martin too junky -kitschy . deeper , deeper . debi ( enjoy this ) like love ? martin could be . the physical substance of love . Debi stop . debi I will accept that . follow I . together they move into what appear to be the nurse 's Office , and close the door behind they . int . nurse's office Martin and Debi make wild banshee love . ext . parking lot - same lardner and mcculler watch Felix into the gym . mcculler look like someone keep try to do we job for we . lardner if he do we job , he 's we job . mcculler I get it . int . gym - same felix step through the doorway he 's stand in and stroll into the crowded gym . he wear the standard khaki-pant - blue-blazer combo , with no nametag . he 's clearly too old for the class of 1984 . int . hallway - later Martin and Debi come out of the nurse 's Office . the post - coital mood be break as they hear the human League 's " do not you want I , baby ? " blast from the gym . Martin and Debi tune in on the song for a moment , unhappy at remember that particular moment in pop music history . Debi look to Martin , something must be do about it . debi I will be right back .... Debi kiss he . they split up . Martin walk off , the happiest we have see he .... int . school hallway Bob and several other from the muscle - to - fat crew play a drunken scrimmage with a papier - mache table ornament footbal that be come unwound . Bob quarterback and begin to recite a long , complicated , and forget play . Martin approach from behind Bob and glide through the ad-hoc line - up , continue down the hall . Bob yell " hike " as he stare after Martin , distract . Bob 's rush upon and sack . he let the papier - mache ball drop and crack on the floor . int . school hallway - later Martin walk down a silent , desert hall of locker and classroom door . the only sound be he footstep and the echoed strain of iggy pop 's " Wild child " from the distant gym . he stop at locker number 1963 and flip the dial : right - back left-right again . it open . he pop up the steel false ceiling in the empty locker , fish he hand in the open , and withdraw what he be look for : a ancient joint . he hold it up and examine the now brown and dry reefer . he grind it into dust in he hand . int . hallway Debi come out of the gym and start down the hall , the music change for the better . int . hallway - same Martin sense he be not alone . he turn to find Bob destephano . the big man hold a glass unsteadily and slur slightly when he speak . Bob be look sad and scary . he lean into Martin bob so. you and Debi . gonna hit that shit again ? martin Fine , Bob . how be you ? bob never better . martin really ? Bob crumble . bob ahhh ... it 's all fuck up . nothing add up to nothing ... you work you whole life , day in and day out -- try to make sense of it all . one day you be twenty - seven and what do you get to show for it ... martin you could have be a contender , huh ? Bob realize he can not even express he own tragedy without the use of cliches . bob smart boy . Real smart . let 's see how smart you be with my foot up you ass ! I be gonna kick you ass ! Martin step to bob. martin why would you want to hit I , Bob ? do you really believe that there 's some store up conflict that need resolution between we ? we do not exist . there 's nothing between we . so who do you want to hit , Bob ? it 's not I . Bob slump against the locker , deflate . bob what be I gonna do ? martin what do you want to do ? bob I want to be a actor . martin then express yourself , Bob . Bob frown , try to think of a way to express himself . martin ( catch he ) be honest ... Bob back up and let out a huge , drunken caveman scream , then stop abruptly , and smile . bob later , Martin . Bob backpedal down the hallway and out of sight . Martin watch he stumble out of the hallway and bang through the door of a stairwell , disappear . int . stairwell - continuous Bob slam through the door and begin to stumble down the stair . he encounter Debi , on she way up . he glance at she but do not break stride . Debi give he wide berth , and quicken she pace up the stair ... int . hallway - continuous Martin watch the door swing to a stop . he exhales and relax ... and then spin-pivots on he right heel , as a burst from a silence pistol pierce the space where he head be a split- second before / as he spin around , he right hand withdraw Ken 's give - away pen from he kerchief pocket , pop the cap off , and drive the pen up and through the throat of he attacker -- felix impale through the throat on the pen , he head snap back . martin and felix be freeze for a moment . blood run quickly down the front of Felix 's body , off of he shoe , and on to the floor . the stairwell door band open . Martin 's head turn toward the sound . his eye lock onto debi who be freeze , horrify for a moment . she flee . martin look back at felix Dead . the floor a grow pool of blood . martin look around wildly , hold Felix up against the locker . above the locker be a plastic banner proclaim " spanish club fiesta fun - raiser saturday JUNE 1 " martin rip it down from the wall with he free hand , wrap it around Felix , stuff the body into he open locker , and slam it shut . he pull off he shoe and sock , put a sock over each hand like mitten , and wipe up the small pool of blood . he stuff the sock into he pocket , take off down the hall , and bang through the door . int . gym - grandstand - moment later Martin blast through the upstairs door to the grandstand look for Debi below . she be nowhere to be find . he scan the party in progress -- it be the same frame of image as the one in oatman 's office . in the middle of the floor , Terry slowly turn up to meet Martin 's eye . martin pull the door shut , and take off down the hall . int . hallway - minute later Martin open he locker , withdraw the corpse , and heft it over he shoulder . int . stairwell - a minute later Brick -wall , darkly light , and narrow . Martin bound down the steep step with he load . int . basement locker room hallway - minute later Martin hustle toward a cage door in front of he . he kick through it and dump Felix into a canvas laundry cart on caster and begin roll . int . pump and furnace room - a minute later the door bang open and light pour into the room from behind Martin . he negotiate the cart over the dirt floor and stop next to the furnace that heat the swim pool . he pause and look to the ceiling : the music from the reunion pulse into the floor above he . Martin pick up a large metal bar and work open the door on the hulk cast- iron furnace . a white - hot blaze roar within . int . gym - night the party be wind down . a harry - look Martin walk in and look around once more for Debi - - nothing . martin' Pov of the deejay booth . it be empty . he move over to the bar and join Ken aldridge . he motion to the bartender who open a beer for he . martin have you see Debi newberry ? ken nope . they both look around at the last of the reunion . ken the more thing change , the more they goddamn well stay the same . martin I guess . before Ken can get start again ... martin take care of yourself , Ken . thanks for the pen . Martin walk out of the gym . ext . high school parking lot - continuous Paul be lean against he beemer , have a smoke . paul what the hell happen to you ? martin I be catch up with Bob destephano . paul as long as you have a good time . beat . Martin scan the lot for sign of Debi . paul what now ? chase the girl ? there be a beat of silence . nothing seem worth say . martin it do not work out . paul that 's too bad . martin I have to get my head back into my work . paul work 's good for the soul . Martin get up to leave . martin when you see Debi , tell she I be sorry . paul see you in ten year . Paul watch he leave . he almost stop he , but think better of it . int . martin be suite - night Martin hunch over he briefcase that lay open on the bed . martin pull the dossier from the briefcase . it 's seal be break , but the content remain enclose ... he withdraw the package and dump the content on the bed . his face register mute shock . martin Dumb fuck luck ... the content include various photo of mr . newberry , Mr. newberry with Debi , and the house . the photo be mingle with official - look papers include credit report , medical record , etc ... newberry 's life . he cock he head toward the door anticipate a ... knock . he freeze , then pluck a gun tapped under a desk , and move toward the door , point . halfway to the door , he face and body slacken . he lob the gun onto the bed . with everything go wrong , there be nothing leave to defend . he go to the door and open it , body relaxed , expect a bullet ... Debi move past he into the room . she be completely calm . debi he be try to kill you , right ! martin yes . debi not the other way around ...? martin no . debi be it something you have do ? martin it 's something I do ... beat . martin ... professionally ... beat . martin ... about five year now . debi ( stunne ) get the fuck outta here . martin seriously , when I leave , I join the Army and take the service exam . they find my psych result fit a certain profile . a certain " Moral flexibility " would be the best way to describe it ... I be loan out to a CIA - sponsor program . it 's call " mechanical operation . " we sort of find each other ... debi you be a government spook ? Martin say nothing . martin I be , but no ... yes ... I be before , but now I be not . it 's irrelevant , really . the idea of government , nation , it 's mostly a public relation theory at this point , anyway . but I will tell you something , until about five month ago , I really enjoy my work . debi Jesus Christ ! martin then I start lose my taste for it . which usually mean you time be up . but then I realize it be something entirely different ... I start get the sneaking , dark suspicion that maybe there be ... meaning to life . debi okay . great , Martin , that 's just great . meaning to life ... mmm .... martin like , that there 's a point ? a organic connection between all live thing . debi let I help you along , Martin . you be a sociopath ! martin ( defensive ) a sociopath kill for no reason . I kill for money . debi you never could have keep this from I . martin I be leave . debi that 's probably a good idea . martin will you come with I ? debi I be stay here . martin what if I come back ? debi I will hide . she go for the door . martin do not go . she stop at the door . slowly , she turn . debi you do not get to have I . you be a monster , I be a human be . we be not go to mate . martin you do not understand ... debi that 's because I speak human , and you speak monster . Debi bolt out of the room . Martin be leave alone . Martin look over at he gear on the bed . after a beat , he walk slowly over and survey he tool . he pick up a clean rag and begin to go over the weapon , absently sing to himself ... martin " what 's up Doc ? what 's cookin ' ? what 's up Doc , be you lookin ' ...? int . martin be suite - dawn Morning light come through the slit in the curtain , pick up four or five exquisitely clean gun be laid out on the bed , almost geometrically space . Martin lift one at a time , check they bore and action ... int . country squire - morning lardner and mcculler gear up . they each finish load the last of many clip ... ext . michigan highway - morning grocer and company , not in a Ford passenger Van , veer off onto a exit ramp . grocer have assemble a team of about nine . they draw different gun from they kit bag and begin load ... int . country squire - same lardner and mcculler jam clip into they service auto and knock the slide ... int . martin be suite - same Martin finish load he gun , and put they in he case . he shut it and move for the door . on the way out he stop and look himself in the mirror before exite . ext . three different road - intercut each car whoosh by camera , on its way to the inevitable ... int . eastwest holding company - intercut marcella have a cordless tuck between she shoulder and ear , and hold a two - gallon gas can . she move from room to room pour gasoline onto the computer , desk , and pile of paper stack on the floor . she add a splash to she copy of " woman who run with the wolf . " marcella I be bring down the office now . she pick up she hard drive and smashes it on the floor . it 's cathartic . intercut with martin in the town car - martin I will put thing right . then I will find you . silence on the line . marcella ( apprehensive ) uh ... why ? Martin finish he weapon check , and pull out the dossier . martin do not worry . I leave you a little something under you desk . Martin hang up . marcella go to it and pull loose from underneath a shrink - wrap brick of $ 100 bill , probably a $ 100,000 or so . marcella all right !! int . martin' town car Martin make he way down the road to the newberry 's . in the distance , he see a lone figure jogging on the shoulder , away from he . int . grocer be van - same grocer and company be park off to the side , watch newberry , in the distance , jog toward they . a sniper prepare to blow newberry 's head off . int . martin' town car - same as he approach the figure , he recognize it as newberry , he accelerate . int . grocer be van - same grocer spot Martin 's car speed at newberry . grocer oh shit ... ext . road - same newberry stop jogging and turn to face the town car bear down on he . his face go slack , expect to be cream . int . town car - same Martin roar straight at newberry , he engine shriek . as the distance between they turn from yard to foot ... Martin swerve hard , just miss newberry and come to a halt next to he , block the sniper 's line of fire . after a moment , newberry open the passenger door . newberry what the fuck be the matter with you ?! martin well , I be hire to kill you . it 's what I do , and come to think of it , I tell you that , but ... okay . I be not go to do it . get in the car . he do . they drive on . martin it 's either because I be in love with you daughter , or because I have a new - find respect for life . or both . but I do not know . int . grocer be van - same grocer and company watch in amazement . grocer be p.o.v. of Martin 's car disappear into newberry 's long and wood driveway . grocer that punk be either in love with that guy 's daughter or he have new find respect for life ... let 's go . ext . newberry house - same Martin pull up in front and stop . both man scramble out and head toward the front door at a quick clip . newberry be shake ; Martin seem at ease , at home in he element . newberry why ? I build car ! they be pay you to kill I ? why ? martin it be a cost-cutte effort . they can not afford a recall . newberry it be a leaky sunroof ! a design flaw ! I report a leaky sunroof ! you want to kill I because of that ? martin it 's not I ! why do everybody think it 's personal ?! they go through the front door and shut it behind they . int . grocer be van - same grocer drop the van into gear and head toward the driveway . int . country squire - same lardner and mcculler approach the scene . they get within view distance in time to see grocer 's town car turn into the driveway . lardner we will go in through the wood . int . newberry house Martin 's briefcase be open on the large oak table . the content of the dossier be spill out onto the table . newberry and Debi watch he , dumbstruck , as he draw a huge Desert Eagle automatic and jerk back the slide . he turn to Debi . martin I be sit in my house on prom night wear that goddamn rent tuxedo , a corsage in one hand , a bottle of champagne in the other . so I be just sit there , and then the whole night flashed before my eye , and it strike I like a bullet in the head -- I realize , finally , and for the first time , that ... I want to kill somebody . so I figure because I love you so much , that would it would be a good idea if I do not see you anymore . but now I be different . he turn and point the gun at the front door and fire two shot through it , leave two baseball - size hole in the door . Martin bolt out of the room toward the back of the house . Debi and newberry run as fast as they can away from Martin . newberry open the front door , prepare to rush out with Debi . they stop at what they see : newberry be &amp ; debi be p.o.v. as assassin lie on the porch , shot dead through the door by Martin . in one hand be a gun , in the other be a fuller brush kit . two man , grocer and a assassin , clamber out of van , they gun rise up fast toward we . Debi pull newberry inside , slam the front door , and lock it . they dive away just before ten round hit the door from outside . int . kitchen - same Martin rush toward the back door which be already open . a barrel come through and fire at Martin . Martin pull back behind the refrigerator and return FIRE . a assassin come through the door in a crouch and take cover behind the cooking island . Martin , yell back to Debi ... martin I be in love with you . I know we can make this work ! martin rush toward the island , grab a iron skillet off the range , and hold it up like a crossing - guard stop sign . he step toward the hide assassin just as the assassin rise shoot . the skillet take two round before Martin hammer the assassin 's head with it . Debi and newberry arrive in the kitchen . new angle - low dutch Martin bashes the skillet into the assassin 's skull , which be beyond we view . he rise spatter with blood and look at Debi . martin I be afraid to commit to a relationship , but now I know I be ready to make it happen . Martin drop the skillet and grab newberry and Debi gently be the wrist . martin I just need time to change . he usher they past the bludgeon corpse and up the back stair . he spin and fire twice back down the stair at another assassin come up , blow he arm off . hallway he lead they quickly . martin it 's not easy for I . I be raise to close off , to control my feeling ... he take they into a bedroom , and blows away , a assassin come in through the window , empty he auto . Martin push Debi and newberry into a adjoin bathroom . he back out through the doorway . martin lock the door . they do . Martin start away , but stop to get something straight . martin I be not raise in a loving environment . ( beat ) but that 's not a excuse . it 's a reason . int . foyer Martin corner the banister and spring half - way down the stair , then hear the front door begin to open . martin my soul be empty -- Martin jam in another clip , and chamber a round . he see grocer beginning to slip in . martin -- and it 's up to I to fill it . Martin fire the twelve-round clip into the door until the slide lock back empty again . grocer back out fast . Martin hear a gun report from upstairs and move back toward it , toss the spend weapon . int . bedroom a assassin slam he body against the bathroom door while Debi and newberry scream from within . Martin fly at he . the assassin wheel on Martin firing . Martin pivot out of the line of fire , still move forward . he take hold of assassin 's neck and snap it . Martin drop the corpse . martin ( through the door ) it 's okay . it 's Martin the door begin to open revealing Debi and newberry . martin I know what I do be not moral , per se , but if you could just look past that , you would see a man worth loving . grocer ( o.s. ) do not listen to he , he 's a professional . Martin stop short and cock he head toward grocer 's muffle voice come from the vent . grocer continue ... grocer ( o.s. ) you be break my heart down here , blank . I can not shoot through the tear . Martin , incense , bend down and take the gun from the dead man . he run out of the bedroom , gun poise for a kamikaze firefight ... ext . newberry house - same lardner and mcculler be poise outside the front door , about to enter the mix . mcculler peer through the window . lardner do you see blank in there ? mcculler no ... lardner good . for a second there I think we be in trouble . int . newberry foyer - continuous martin reach the top of the front stair to find grocer head up the stair at he . they lift they gun at each other to FIRE , when they hear ... lardner and mcculler power through the front door , gun blazing at floor - level , ala butch and sundance . Martin and grocer , above , spin on they instinctively , and FIRE , kill they . grocer dive off of the stair and roll out of view . kitchen - intercut grocer head up the back stair . martin work he way toward grocer , move with stealth toward the kitchen . grocer hear he and start back down . Martin dive behind the cooking island just as grocer come out of the stairwell blast . they unload at each other as grocer run a pattern across the kitchen , firing at Martin , crouch , who blast back . grocer vault himself through the air toward a serve window from the kitchen to the dining room , still fire . c.u . - martin be gun - slow motion the last case float out of the chamber into the air , and the slide on the auto lock back -- empty . normal speed grocer Flying through the air disappear through the shutter serve window , he flight carry he past a television that sit on a lazy susan . martin and grocer - intercut Martin and grocer sit on the floor , back up against opposite side of the counter -- Martin in the kitchen and grocer in the dining room . the hulk old television sit on the counter above and between they . Martin look up and spy the television grocer ... how about I sell you two round for a hundred grand a piece ? martin okay . Martin take out a checkbook , and tear one free . he wad it into a loose ball and toss it over the counter . ball check sail over the television and come down , bounce off grocer 's head and into he lap . martin there you go . I leave it blank . grocer excellent . here they come . grocer pull two round from the clip of he semi-automatic and push the clip back into the gun . grocer arc the two bullet into the air . martin rise and spring at the television , grip it . the two bullet sail past he head . grocer begin to rise from he side of the counter , cock he gun . martin put all he weight and motion behind the television . Martin and the television careen off of the counter toward grocer . grocer get off one round before martin fly onto grocer , smash the seventy - five pound television over he goddamn head . Martin sail past the collision , landing on he back in the dining room . he roll over to see grocer body crumpled , neck be snap , head encase in the shattered picture tube . he be dead . martin run up the front stair , retrieve the spend gun he discard earlier , and head into the bedroom . int . bedroom - minute later Martin open the bathroom door . Inside , Debi sit on the edge of the tub , she face in she hand . newberry kneel with he arm around she . Martin take this in , and walk back into the bedroom . newberry stand and follow he out . martin and newberry martin a bloody , tatter mess , wipe off the gun and put it into newberry 's hand . newberry , in total shock , grip it . Martin look past newberry . martin be p.o.v. of Debi , head in hand . martin ( v.o. ) Debi ... will you marry I ? Debi do not look up . after a moment , she reach out , head still down , and close the bathroom door ... int . radio station - day outside be a Michigan autumn . Debi sit at she console , bring in the mike as she fade out of a tune ... debi this be wrfn Radio free newberry cause that 's what it do . bring you New one for the nineties , a fresh new format design to pull you out of what 's come before , and reel you into what 's come soon -- the phone console light up with a income cal ... debi I tell you what 's come soon for I , or at least what I dream this morning in that weird time just before you actually wake up . but first this commercial . back after this ... she push a couple of button , slap a cartridge in a player , and answer the phone . we hear the commercial over the studio monitor : announcer do not miss the show of the season at bilkin Community Center ! " brigadoon ! " a musical for all age ! " brigadoon , " star Carol plummer , Thomas canchola , Bob destephano , and Lee ordman !... Debi pick up the phone . debi rfn ... her face go slack as she listen ... not good , not bad ... then she hang up slowly . the commercial end . a moment of dead air , then she snap to . debi hey out there ... okay ... I be go to finish up that fantasy later . first I will give you a hour of nonstop music ... if I do not come back on after that -- well , nevermind . Debi turn on a reel - to-reel , and leave . ext . frank lloyd wright house - day Debi pull up and get out . she begin toward the door but stop dead when she see martin sit on the front step . Debi move slowly up the walk and sit next to he on the porch . they sit , gaze out over the grass and tree beyond . after a while ... debi this will never work out . she turn to he , serious . debi you kill people . ( beat ) martin I have no illusion about the future . what be , be . we make choice . and we become the sum total of we choice . I can live with that . debi other people can not . Martin look at she earnestly ... and smile ever so slightly . she do the same , and then just a little wider . he the same . they turn back out to face the lawn , and they share a laugh ... the end