groundhog day written by Danny rubin second revision by harold ramis January 7 , 1992 fade in hibernating groundhogs a family of groundhogs be nestle together in they burrow sleep off the end of a long winter . roll credit and theme music dissolve to : ext . a forest clearing - early morning the crust of a old snowfall still cover the freeze ground , and the bare , icy branch of the tree glisten dully in the early morning light . CUT to : int . tv studio - same time phil connor be stand in front of a blank green wall gesticulate animatedly at some invisible image on the wall , talk a mile a minute ( mos ) . he look completely crazy as he point at nothing and wink to a unseen audience . CUT to : ext . western pennsylvania - same time credit continue as we streak across the winter landscape , fly over field and farm , small town and hamlet , railroad line and interstate , coalyard and factory , until we cross the Allegheny River and follow it to the southwest . CUT to : int . tv studio - same time phil continue point out feature on the blank wall , but from a new angle we can see that he ' 's look at a monitor out of the corner of he eye which show the chromakey insert he 's point to -- a national weather map . CUT to : ext . near pittsburgh - same time the country town turn to suburb , traffic on the road get heavier and finally we see the skyline of Pittsburgh and the confluence of the Allegheny with the monongahela and the Ohio . - 2 - we zoom into a tall building in the downtown area and dissolve to : int . phil connor ' office - morning we do not see anyone at first but the office itself speak volume about it 's inhabitant -- team picture of the steeler from the franco Harris - Terry bradshaw glory year , a frame memorial portrait of Roberto clemente , a local Emmy award statue , a erasable weather map and mountain of personal junk on the desk , ^windowsill , and every other available surface . as the credit end , we notice a sleep figure on the small sofa , bury deep under a pile of coat and a steal airline blanket . gil hawley , executive producer of the action News , stick he head in the door . hawley Christ , what a pit . phil " the sleep figure rouse himself and look out at hawley . it 's phil , the . Channel 9 action News weatherman . phil ( sleepy ) what ? hawley it 's February first , phil . you know what tomorrow be ? phil sit up and . think hard . he 's in he mid-thirty , smart , rugge - look , perhaps a little too full of himself , but clearly a guy with a lot of personality . phil ( catch on ) oh , no ! not again . he jump up and exit the office with hawley right behind he . phil forget it ! I be not go . int . corridor - continuous hawley pursue phil through the office suite of the Channel 9 action News , from the look of it a typical , big city , local news operation . a logo on the wall identify the station as wpgh - Pittsburgh . phil duck into the studio . - 3 - int . studio - continuous hawley follow he in and catch up with he at the weather corner of the action News set . phil start put weather stat up on a chart . phil get away from I . I be work . hawley so what 's the outlook ? we gonna get that blizzard ? phil shake he head and point to the chart which be head " phil 's phorecast " with a cute caricature of himself draw next to the title . phil no way . all that moisture come up from the Gulf be go to miss we completely and take a dump on harrisburg . hawley ( with authority ) good , ' cause you be go up to punxsutawney to cover the groundhog story tomorrow morning and I want you back here in time to do the five . phil Jesus , gil , give I a break , will you ! I cover the goddamn groundhog last year and the year before that . hawley and you will do it : next year and the year after , too . when I work in San Diego , I cover the swallow come back to capistrano for ten year in a row . phil you should have kill the guy who make you do that . hawley I want to do it . phil then you should have kill yourself . I do not want to get stick with the groundhog for the rest of my life . - 4 - hawley it 's a cute story . he come out , he look around , he wrinkle up he little nose , he sniff around a little , he see he shadow , he d oes not see he shadow -- it 's nice . people like it . phil many people be moron . hawley just do it . phil what ' 11 you give I ? hawley look across the studio and see rita hanson enter , a very attractive segment producer in she late twenty . hawley ( to phil ) I will give you rita. ( call she over ) rita , could you come here for a second ? I get a little job for you . rita be relatively new to the station , but very competent , personable , humorous , self - assure and very pretty -- in short , a genuine princess , though phil be too self - absorb at this point to realize it . phil ( teasing ) you can not send rita out on a story like this . she 's just a cub , a pup , still wet behind the ear . look at she . her ear be sopping wet . this need a woodward or a bernstein . it 's a big story . people need to know . rita ( intrigued ) what 's the story ? hawley the punxsutawney groundhog Festival . rita gil , if it 's all right with you I ' d rather follow - up on the nurse ' strike . - 5 - hawley you can do the nurse when you get back . just take the squeaky wheel here up to punxsutawney and get he back in one piece . okay ? rita yeah , okay . hawley exit leave phil and rita alone in the studio . she know phil mainly by he reputation and it be not good . still , she find he appeal in a odd way . phil ( pleasantly ) you know , this could be extremely interesting . rita I have never do a weather story before . what 's punxsutawney like ? phil oh , it 's a enchant place . a magical world . it 's the constantinople of the whole western appalachian - susquehanna drainage system . rita do you always joke ? phil about 70 to 80 % of the time . Inside I be actually a very shy and sensitive person . rita a lot of people around here think you be not very sincere . phil tell I the name of this people . rita I will line up a crew and transportation . if you do not feel like drive , we can all go up in the van together . phil I think I will take my own car . I ' m not that fond of my fellow man . - 6 - rita ( exiting ) Nice attitude . phil Nice face . ( call after she ) why do not you ride up with I ? rita no , thanks . stephanie decastro , a attractive , dark - eye , dark - haire correspondent , glare at phil from across the studio . int . phil be office - later phil be in he cluttere cubicle talk on a headset phone while he review cassettes of he groundhog spot from the past two year on a small monitor . as he talk , he stuff a number of personal item in a overnight bag , all the time watch himself on the tv monitor . phil ( on the phone ) they do not really think of I as a weatherman around here . more of a " personality , " but with the credibility of a first - class broadcast journalist . once you look at my tape I think you will see what they mean . Stephanie enter and stand in the doorway look at phil for a long moment . there be something vaguely off - center about this woman , not quite fatal attraction but still a little scary . stephanie ( bitterly ) I just want to know one thing : do I do something wrong or be you just tired of I or what ? I have to know . phil sigh . phil ( on the phone ) Dan , can I call you back ? I have just be hand something and I better get on it ... ( he pick up some papers and rustle they for effect ) ... okay , thanks . - 7 - he take off the headset , get up and close the door for privacy . phil ( kindly ) you do not do anything wrong , Stephanie , and I ' m not tired of you . it 's just that I do not have time for a real relationship right now . I tell you that the first time we go out . stephanie ( get close ) everybody say that at the beginning of a relationship . phil ( gently push she away ) I be different . I really mean it ! thing be really start to move for I now . I ' m not go to be do the weather for the rest of my life . I be just talk to the CBS guy about a network job . I want that . this be just the beginning for I . I can not waste any more time . stephanie be you say we relationship be a waste of time ? phil we relationship ? we go out a total of four time ! and only twice do anything happen . it be fun but I do not see that as a big commitment . stephanie ( close in again ) I have we chart do . my astrologer say we be extremely compatible . there may even be some past life involvement here . phil see ? so we have already do this . let 's move on . next case . stephanie you know what 's wrong with you , phil ? you be selfish . you do not have time for anyone but yourself . - 8 - phil that 's what I ' m try to tell you . you do not want to be with I . you can do better . look , Stephanie , if I ever say or do anything to mislead you I be sorry for that , but right now I have to do this groundhog thing and I do not have a handle on it yet . he throw some papers and he datebook into a briefcase and put on he jacket . phil ( cont . ) I will tell you what . I ' m go to do some serious think while I ' m in punxsutawney , okay ? he pat she on the shoulder and brushes past she , leave she stand there with a malevolent look on she face . CUT to : ext . a highway - afternoon a van mark " . Channel 9 action News " speed along a two - lane highway through the winter landscape of West Central Pennsylvania . mounted atop the van be a microwave transmitter . rita be riding up front with larry , the union cameraman and techie . phil be follow close behind the van in a new Lexus coupe . his car have a bumper-sticker that read " Weathermen like it wet . " phil ( v.o. ) ( on he earphone ) I be on my way to punxsutawney ... ( force to repeat it , a little embarrassed ) punx^su-taw -ney .... work or fun ? I think that all depend on you . int . the lexus - continuous phil be talk to one of he girlfriend , sorting through a stack of CD 's , as usual , grab at the good life with both hand . phil . . . . I think maybe you could meet I up there tonight and let I vulgarize you for about seven hour .... so I ' m suppose to spend the night in punxsutawney all alo not ? thanks . phil load a CD and a great , drive song kick in . CUT to : a sign " welcome to punxsutawney - the original weather Capitol of the World since 1887 . " depict on the sign be a large cartoon groundhog wear a top hat and clutching a umbrella under he arm . the mini-convoy pass some fast food place on the outskirt of town . ext . MAIN STREET - punxsutawney - later the van drive along , the small - town main drag . there be cartoon groundhogs everywhere you look and the whole town have be gaily festoon with banner and bunt . ext . motel - later the van pull into the parking lot at a quality Inn . the announcement billboard in ; front of the motel read : " groundhog Day Breakfast special - feb.2 - all you can eat - $ 5.99 . " the parking area be already crowded with car include a number of other news van . the Lexus pull in behind the van and everybody get out . phil take one look at the motel and shake he head . phil ( call out ) rita ! I can not stay here . rita be already help Larry unload equipment from the van . larry ( muttering ) prima donnas . rita it 's okay . I will handle it . she cross to the Lexus where phil be try to make another call on he earphone . rita what 's the problem , phil ? phil I hate this place . I stay here two year ago and I be miserable . it 's like a minimum security prison . I be not stay here . - 10 - rita you be not stay here . phil ( brightening ) I ' m not ? rita no , Larry and I do not care but I think you might , so I book you at a very nice bed and breakfast on cherry Street . here 's the address . she hand he a card . phil ( pleased ) great . that 's great . that 's the mark of a really good producer . make the talent happy . rita whatever I can do . phil really ? will you be my love slave ? rita whatever I can do within reason . would you like to have dinner with Larry and I ? phil no thanks , I have see Larry eat . why do not you ditch Larry and let I take you someplace nice ? rita you mean like a date ? phil yeah . rita oh , no . phil okay . I get it . you be a little intimidate by I , you be all excited about the shoot tomorrow , you want everything to go just perfect . I understand . you just get some sleep . tomorrow will be great . - 11 - rita well , that 's something to look forward to . I will see you in the morning . he drive off , leave she stand there shaking she head . larry do he actually call himself " the talent ? " Larry snort and continue unload they gear . CUT to : ext . cherry STREET - dawn the first light of morning color the sky behind the cherry Street Inn , a rambling , white victorian bed and breakfast . close up - clock a digital clock -radio change from 5:59 to 6:00 am . the radio come on , play the end of the sonny and cher hit , " I get you , Babe . " super : february 2 int . phil be room - dawn phil sit up in bed and look around the room . the decor be typical bed and breakfast , flock wallpaper , frame print , and a odd assortment of mismatch furniture . his suit be hang neatly on the back of the closet door and he suitcase be open on a stand at the foot of the bed , still neatly pack . a iradio , deejay and he sidekick come on with hype - up , drivetime chappy talk . " phil stare at the radio and listen to they . deejay okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooold out there today1 phil grimace and swing out of bed . sidek ick it 's cold out there everyday . W hat be this -- Miami Beach ? the deejay laugh . phil shake he head at the cheesy repartee as he cross to the sink and start brush he tooth . - 12 - deejay not hardly . and you can expect hazardous travel later today with that , you know , blizzard thing -- sidekick that " blizzard thing ? " phil splashes some water on he face and prepare to shave . sidekick ( cont . ) oh , here 's the report : the National weather service be call for a big blizzard thing . deejay yes they be , but there 's another reason today be very special -- sidekick es pec ia lly cold -- deejay especially cold , okay , but the big question on everybody 's lip -- sidekick ch ap pe d lip -- deejay :-- on they chap lip , right -- do you think phil 's go to come out and see he shadow ? sidekick punxsutawney phil . phil look up at himself in the mirror , admire he own face . deejay that 's right , rodent lover ! it be -- both deejays groundhog day1 SOUND effect of grunting groundhogs . phil grunt at he reflection in the mirror . phil ( to himself ) never again . CUT to : - 13 - int . corridor - dawn phil head for the breakfast room of the inn , now well - dress in a suit and tie , a nice overcoat sling over he arm . a chubby man pass . chubby man Morning . phil Morning . chubby man think it will be a early spring ? phil I ' m predict March 21st . CUT to : int . breakfast room - continuous phil enter the old library of the house now set up with a breakfast buffet . a old spinet piano stand in the corner . one wall be line with . bookcase fill with book . a handful of guest be seat around the room , eat . the matron of the house , mrs . lancaster , spot phil as she come out of the kitchen with a fresh pot of coffee . mrs . lancaster do you sleep well , Mr. connor ? phil ( with mock civility ) like a roumanian orphan , Mrs. lancaster . mrs . lancaster would you like some coffee ? phil I do not suppose it 1 d be possible to get a espresso or a capuccino around here . mrs . lancaster ( blankly ) I do not really know -- phil forget it . this ' 11 be fine . - 14 - mrs . lancaster ( as she pour ) I wonder what the weather 's go to be like for all the festivity . phil my guess be it '11 be cold and overcast , high today in the low 30' , drop to the low 20 's tonight , but I be predict that all that moisture come up from the Gulf be go to miss we and dump some locally heavy snow , possibly blizzard condition with travel advisory in the harrisburg area and maybe as far east as . Philadelphia . ( off she surprised look ) you want to talk weather , you ask the right guy . he head for the door . ; mrs . lancaster · : oh , will you be check out today , Mr. connor ? phil unfortunately yes . phil exit . CUT to : ext . boarding house - moment later sipping at the steaming coffee , phil manage to put on he coat and glove as he descend the front step of the house and join the flow of pedestrian traffic on the street . ext . MAIN STREET - kpunxsutawney - continuous there be a lot of people on the street for this hour . traffic be so heavy in fact , the pedestrian be move faster than the car . everyone seem to be go in the same direction , make the annual trek to see the groundhog . a old bum be sit on the sidewalk lean against a storefront . someone throw he a coin . phil walk by without take any notice . man ( o.c. ) hey , phil ! - 15 - a big pie-face man , ned ryerson , come huffing and puffing right up to he . there be something about this guy that make we dislike he on sight . ned phil ! phil connor ! I think that be you ! phil look at he vaguely . phil ( at a loss ) I be sorry . have we -- uh -- ned my oh my ! phil connor . do not say you do not remember I , ' cause I sure as heckrfire remember you . well ? phil stare , try to remember . ned ned ryerson ? needlenose ned ? ned the head . come on , buddy . case western High ? phil ned ? ned I see you click through that brain of yours . click -click , c li ck - cli ck , click -click -- Bing ! ned ryerson , do the whistling trick with my belly button in the talent show . Bing ! ned ryerson , get the shingles real bad senior ^year^ almost do not graduate . Bing again ! ned ryerson , go out with you sister Mary Pat a couple of time -- ' till you tell I not to anymore . well ? phil ( resigned ) ned ryerson . ned Bing ! phil so what be you do with yourself , ned ? ned phil , I sell insurance . - 16 - phil ( sorry he ask ) no kid . ned do you have life insurance , phil ? ' Cause if you do , I bet you could u 's e more -- who could not ? -- but I get a feel you do not have any . be I right ? phil you know , ned , I ' d love to talk to you but I really have to -- phil start to walk away , , but ned will not take the hint . ned that 's okay . I will walk with you . when I see a opportunity , I charge it , like a bull . ned the bull , that 's I now . some of my friend live and die by actuarial table , but I think it 's all just a crap shoot anyhoo . ever hear of single . premium life ? that could be the ticket for you , buddy . God , it 's good to see you ! hey , what be you do for dinner ? phil dinner ? umm , I do not think that 's go to work for I . as they continue walk , phil step into what look like a shallow puddle and end up ankle deep in wet slush . ned laugh like a donkey . ned hey , look out for that first step ! it 's a doozy ! phil look at he with murderous contempt . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn a big crowd be stand in a park - like clear off a residential street . they be gather around a large mound of dirt enclose by a rail fence , wait for the big moment . for a cold gray dawn , there be the atmosphere of a festival here . a area close to the mound be roped off for news reporter and camera . rita stand there , a pocket of genuine beauty in this sea of potbelly old union guy and blow-dry reporter . - 17 - stomp she foot against the cold , rita look at she watch and glance around . Larry , the cameraman , just look bored . rita how could he be late ? larry prima donnas . rita it 's just so -- inconsiderate . larry what happen to some people ? they be bear nice . they grow up nice . you put them on tv and - bam ! prima donnas . rita spot phil head into the crowd . rita here he come . phil ! hey , phil . over here ! phil join they in the press area . rita pull he to he mark near the rail fence . rita where have you be ? phil I get hang up with some jerk I go to high school with . so , do you sleep okay without I ? you toss and turn , do not you ? rita hold up a slate for Larry to id the tape . rita you be incredible . phil who tell you ? rita ready when you be . phil take the microphone from rita and position himself against the fence . the groundhog Club official in top hat , stripe trousers and cutaway coat parade out to the burrow that house punxsutawney phil . rita look like they be start . Roll tape . - 18 - larry Rolling . rita silently count down from five and cue phil who instantly snap into announce mode . phil ( to camera ) once a year , the eye of the nation turn here , to this tiny hamlet in Pennsylvania , to watch a master at work . the master ? punxsutawney phil , the world 's most famous weatherman , the groundhog , who , as legend have it , can predict the come of a early spring . rita turn to Larry . this be impressive -- so far , so good . a groundhog Club official kneel at the burrow and ceremoniously knock on the small wooden door , then open it and retreat . phil and here 's the big moment we have all be wait for . let 's just see what Mr. groundhog have to say . the groundhog stick he head out , look around , step out of the hole , and run over to the other side of the mound , about as far away from the camera as he can get . phil hey ! over here , you little weasel ! Larry zoom in as far as he can but the best he can manage be a close - up of the groundhog 's back . the groundhog stand there a moment , he body casting a long shadow , then he let out a squeak and run back into the hole . phil great shot , huh , folk ? well , that be certainly worth the trip . now we will be hearing from Mr. buster greene , President of the punxsutawney groundhog Club , the so-called seer of seer who will interpret for we . buster greene , dress up in he top hat and cutaway coat , walk onto the mound and hush the crowd . - 19 - B U ST E R he come out , and he see he shadow . sorry , lady and gentleman , but it look like it 's go to be a long winter . the crowd let out a good - nature " awwwwww " in disappointment . phil ( sarcastic , to camera ) well , that 's it . sorry you could not be here in person to share the electric moment . this be one event where televison really fail to capture the excitement of thousand of people gather to watch a large squirrel predict the weather , and I for one be deeply grateful to have be a part of it . report for Channel 9 , this be phil connor . Larry cut the camera . rita ( to phil ) you want to try one that 's a little sweeter ? phil ( to rita ) that 's as sweet as I get . I be outa here . as he exit , phil toss the mike to Larry , who be not expect the throw and bobble it , drop the mike on the ground . larry ( mutter ) prima donnas . CUT to : int . diner - later phil be sit alone have a cup of coffee in a busy , loud and lively cafe . rita enter , see he sit there , cross to he table and sit down across from he . rita that be really lousy . phil be it my fault the little rat go south on we ? - 20 - rita a real professional would have handle it . you act like it be a personal insult . who do you think you be -- Wolf blitzer ? phil God , you really take this stuff seriously , do not you . rita yes , I do . as far as I ' m concerned there be no little storey , phil . only little reporter with big ego who think they be too good for the job they have to do . phil ( try to look hurt ) you really do not know I very well , do you . ' Cause if you do you could never say something like that about I . I care ! call I a cockey optimist but I happen to think there 's more to this job than just get my ugly mug on the boob tube every night . rita be that so . phil yes , that be so . rita be so irritate by he she can not even respond . phil look at she evenly for a long moment . phil so as far as we get together , would you say the glass be half empty or half full ? Larry poke he head in the doorway , look around , spot rita and make he way over to they table . larry ( to rita ) you ready ? we better get go if we ' be go to stay ahead of the weather . phil you do not have to rush off , you know . that storm be ' go to miss we completely . - 21 - rita Nice work with you , phil . see you around . rita walk away , leave he sit alone . CUT to : '' ext . highway - day phil 's Lexus be drive down the highway . Light snow be just start to fall . phil ( v.o ) ( on the earphone ) I will call you after I see the network guy . I should be back there in a couple of hour ... what ?... 1 can not hear you -- you be break up ... hello ? sabrina ? int . the car - continuous phil be get annoyed as the phone connection deteriorate . the snow be get heavier . phil switch on the windshield wiper . phil sabrina ? can you hear I ? shit ! he slam the phone back into it 's cradle , then look up and notice slow traffic up ahead . he honk he horn as the traffic come to a complete stop . he keep honk but nothing move . he roll down the window and look up ahead . the highway be a parking lot . phil no. no ! ext . the car - continuous phil jump out and begin to walk down the highway , past the park car , shiver in he light sweater and silk sport shirt . the snowfall be get heavier and the wind be pickin up . the snow come down unnaturally hard and fast . he walk on , slip and slide in he expensive loafer until he j come to a police roadblock up ahead , manned by two highway " J patrolmen . phil what 's go on , Officer ? - 22 - patrolman nothin 's goin1 on . we be closin1 the road . Big accident up ahead . Blizzard movin1 in . phil what blizzard ? a couple of flake ! a isolate phenomenon of nature . patrolman be you nut ? we get a major storm movin ' in . phil no , no . all that moisture be go to miss we and hit harrisburg . patrolman pal , you get that moisture on you head . phil but I have to get to Pittsburgh today ! patrolman mister , the only place anybody 's goin ' on this road be back to punxsutawney . phil glower at he and shiver . CUT to : int . gas station - later phil be on a pay phone . snow be fall heavily outside . gas station attendant be shovel around the pump . phil so all the long distance line a be down ? what about the sa tellite ? be it snow in space ?... but I have to call Pittsburgh ... be not there some special line you keep open for emergency or for celebrity ?... well , I be both really . I be a celebrity in a emergency . can you patch I through on that line ? - 23 - the door open and phil be blast with frigid Arctic wind and blow snow . the gas station attendant enter the tiny office and in try to squeeze past phil accidentally bang he on the head with he snow shovel . CUT to : int . HOTEL bar - evening phil be at the bar in punxsutawney ' 's oldest and best hotel , the pennsylvanian . he look very bored , drink a beer , unsuccessfully hustling a attractive local girl name nancy . phil you never see I on tv - - on the news ? nancy I do not think so . what part of the news do you do ? phil I ' m the White House correspondent for NBC news . nancy oh , I ' m so sure . phil ask I anything ? nancy okay , how big be the White House ? phil Three bedroom , two and a half bath . look much bigger than it , be . Nancy just stare at he , clearly not into he sense of humor . suddenly , a bride in full white wedding gown and veil rush into the bar , cry and shouting . a gaggle of bridesmaids flutter around she try to coax she back to she own wedding but she will not budge . then the GROOM , wear a bad rent tux , come storming in and try to drag she back , until the best man restrain he and the bridesmaid hustle the bride away . phil watch the whole drama play out , then turn back to Nancy . phil good start . I ' m sure they will be very happy . so what do you say ? you want to play doggie obedience school with I ? - 24 - nancy thanks . I will pass . she get up to leave . phil sit! stay ! he watch she go , then toss a tip on the bar and exit somewhat unsteadily . CUT to : insert - a thick book the cover read " 101 curse , spell and enchantment you can do at Home . " a well - manicure feminine hand open the book to a mark page . int . cherry STREET inn - night - same time phil enter he room and drunkenly toss he overcoat , scarf and glove on the floor in a heap . int . stephanie's bedroom - night Stephanie decastro , phil ' 's disaffected ex-lover , be sit cross -legge on the floor with the book of curse open in front of she . her hair be down , she 's wear a caftan with a Zodiac print , there be candle everywhere and other vaguely occult decorate touch . insert phil 's business card be drop into a dish . then the tarot card of the hange man , a chicken bone , and a feather be place on top of it . phil he stand at the sink , look at himself in the mirror , flex he muscle . stephanie reading from the book&gt ; she mutter incantation in a secret language , then she sprinkle some powder on the plate , then a few drop of oil . then she make a few pass over it with she hand and , much to she surprise , the content of the plate spontaneously combust . phil as he cross to the bed , he accidentally knock over the suitcase stand , spilling he clothes out onto the floor . - 25 - he contemplate pick they up for a moment , decide to leave they there , and flop down on the bed . he lie there look u up at the ceiling until the room start to spin around , then he close he eye and quickly drop off to sleep , still fully clothed . stephanie to complete the spell , she pick up a break wristwatch and drop it into the fire . insert phil 's business card , the hange man and the break watch in flame . the watch crystal be crack and the hand be freeze at 5:59 . dissolve to : C lose up - clock the digital clock -radio change from 5:59 to 6:00 am . the radio come on , play the end of the sonny and cher hit , " I get you , Babe , " just as it do the day before . int . phil be room - dawn phil sit up in bed , quickly alert , and look around the room . something be wrong . he 's wear pajamas , he suit be once again hang neatly on the closet door and he suitcase be back on its stand at the foot of the bed , again neatly pack . the song end and the same radio deejay and he sidekick come on with the same manic energy . phil stare at the radio and listen to they . a look of astonishment come over he face as they banter . deejay okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooold out there today ! sidekick it 's cold out there everyday . what be this -- Miami Beach ? the deejay laugh . phil " mock " laugh at exactly the same time , recognize the repartee from the previous morning . phil ( to himself ) Nice go guy . that 's yesterday 's tape . phil cross to the sink and get a towel off the rack , only half - listen to the radio . - 26 - deejay not hardly . expect hazardous travel later today with that , you know , blizzard thing -- sidekick that " blizzard thing ? " phil turn on the water and splashes some on he face as if try to wake himself up , vaguely disturb by the repetition of the broadcast . sidekick ( cont . ) oh , here 's the report : the National weather service be call for a big blizzard thing . " deejay yes they be , but there 's another reason today be very special -- sidekick especially cold -- deejay especially cold , okay , but the big question on everybody 's lip -- phil supplies the next line in unison with the radio . sidekick and phil chapped lip -- deejay -- on they chap lip , right -- do you think phil 's go to come out and see he shadow ? sidekick punxsutawney phil . some vague doubt cause phil to go to the window . deejay that 's right , rodent lover ! it be -- both deejays groundhog Day ! SOUND effect of grunting groundhogs as phil pull back the curtain and look out . he Pov the street be full of people head toward gobbler 's knob , exactly as they do the day before . - 27 - phil ( aghast ) what the hell ? CUT to : int . bed and breakfast - dawn phil rush out into the corridor , hastily tie he tie , he suit jacket and overcoat over he arm . as he head for the breakfast room , the same chubby man pass . chubby man Morning . phil Morning . chubby man think it will be a early spring ? phil ( stop , irritate ) do not we do this yesterday ? chubby man ( intimidate ) I do not know what you mean . phil grab he by the front of he shirt and look deep into he eye . phil do not mess with I , pork chop . what day be this ? chubby man ( terrified ) febr uary second -- groundhog Day ! phil can see he 's tell the truth and relax he grip on the poor man . phil okay . sorry . I be have a bad day . phil walk on , leave the chubby man baffle and insulted . chubby man ( to himself ) I will say . - 28 - int . breakfast room - continuous phil enter the old library of the house and find everything exactly as it be the day before . Mrs. lancaster spot phil as she come out of the kitchen with the fresh pot of coffee . mrs . lancaster do you sleep well , Mr. connor ? phil ( completely confuse ) D i d I ? I do not know -- mrs . lancaster would you like some coffee ? phil yes , thank you . I ' m feel a little strange . mrs . lancaster ( as she pour ) I wonder what the weather 's go to be like for all the festivity . phil do you ever have deja vu , Mrs. lancaster ? mrs . lancaster be that the italian dessert with the brandy and the chocolate mousse ? phil no , that 's spaghetti . never mind . he head for the door , still in a daze . mrs . lancaster oh , will you be check out today , Mr. connor ? phil ( vaguely ) I do not know . I do not think so . I will tell you after I wake up . phil exit . CUT to : - 29 - ext . boarding house - moment later phil gulp down the steaming coffee , still try to wake up from what he assume be a dream , and descend the front step of the house . he accost a passerby . phil ma'am ? Excuse I . where 's everybody go ? passerby to gobbler 's knob . it 's groundhog Day ! the coffee cup drop from phil 's hand as he stand there open - mouth . then he slap he own face and shake he head as if try to clear it and start off down the street . ext . MAIN STREET - punxsutawney - continuous phil rush down the street , again fail to notice the old bum sit on the sidewalk lean against a storefront . ned ryerson ( o.c. ) hey , phil ! ned ryerson approach with the same obnoxious attitude . ned phil ! phil connor ! I think that be you ! phil just stare at he and keep walk . ned my oh my ! phil connor . do not say you do not remember I , ' cause I sure as heck - fire remember you . well ? phil ned ryerson ? ned Bing ! first shot right out of the box . so how 's it go , ol ' buddy ? phil to tell you the truth , neddy , I ' m not feel real well . could you excuse I ? ned now it 's funny you should mention you health ' cause you will never guess what I do . - 30 - phil ( very distress and desperate to get away from this guy ) do you sell insurance , ned ? ned Bing again ! you be sharp as a tack today . do you have life insurance , phil ? ' Cause if you do , I bet you could use more -- who could not ? " -- but I get a feel you do not have any . be I right ? phil ( really annoyed now ) do I say " fuck off , " ned ? I can not talk to you right now . he back away from ned and step right into the same deep , slushy puddle he step in the day before . ned ( braying ) hey , look .out for that first v step . it 's a doozyi phil look down at he wet shoe and cuff and stumble off toward gobbler 's knob . CUT to : ext . gobbler ' S knob - dawn the crowd be gather as before for the big moment . in the press area , rita be have the same dialogue with Larry , when she spot phil head into the crowd . rita here he come . phill hey , phil ! over here ! phil wave to she and head straight for a obscure corner of the knob , gesture for she to follow . Larry shake he head as rita charge through the crowd toward phil . she catch up to he just as he be scratch a mark in the snow with he foot . she notice immediately that he be uncharacteristically dishevel , he tie askew , he hair muss . rita where ' have you be ? - 31 - phil ( nervous , sweat ing ) I have get to talk to you . I think I be lose my mind . . rita I know you be lose it . what be you do over here ? the camera 's over there . phil slap I , rita . rita what be this ? phil ( insistent ) just slap I -- hard . she give up and tap he lightly on the cheek . phil I say hardl . . .. ... . rita . I can not ! phil do it ! rita shrug and slap he very hard . phil ( he cheek smart ) better . almost too hard , rita . rita be you drunk ? phil no , drunk be more fun . can I be serious with you for a minute ? rita I do not know . can you ? phil yes . I ' m be serious . i' m have a problem - - no , I may be have a problem . rita what be you try to say ? - 32 - phil I be try to say that if I be have a problem , just hypothetical ly , I ' d like to know that you be someone I could count on in a crisis . rita ( worried ) what do you do last night ? the crowd begin to hush . larry we better get start . we be go to miss it . phil be not go to miss it . ( indicate the other reporter ) they be go to miss it . rita ( emphatic ) phil . we have be out here for a hour . we be cold and tired . let 's just get this and get out of here . phil okay , put it here . rita what ? phil put the camera here . rita take a forlorn glance towards the press area , where all of the other camera be set up . rita phil , there be no tomorrow on this one . it 's groundhog Day . phil we be in the wrong spot yesterday . rita ( irked ) W ha t? yesterday ? what be you talk about ? phil just trust I . put the camera here . - 33 - rita look at he like he 's crazy , then look at she watch and give up . rita Larry ! she charge off toward the camera . in the Press Area , several reporter be already talk to they camera , dribble on about how " he could appear any second now . " rita and Larry grab they gear and rush back to phil . Larry hurriedly set up the camera . larry you want I to roll tape ? rita ( to phil ) be you go to get on you mark ? phil no hurry . Larry glance over at the other news reporter , all talk to they camera and point towards the mound . larry ( desperately ) everyone else be roll ! rita look helplessly at phil . rita I be begging you , all right ? gould we please just do this ? phil glance down at he watch . phil okay , let 's do it . he cross over to Larry and tap he on the shoulder . phil Roll tape . larry ( mumbling ) prima donnas . phil take the microphone from rita and position himself against the fence . larry Rolling . - 34 - phil do a similar intro to the one he do before , though this time it 's a bit tentative . phil ( to camera ) we will , it 's groundhog Day - - again - - and you know what that mean . everybody 's here on gobbler 's knob wait in the cold for the appearance of the most famous groundhog in the world , punxsutawney phil , who 's go to tell we just how much more of this we can expect . the groundhog Club official knock on the groundhog 's door , then open it and retreat . phil take a deep breath and make he first experimental prediction , recalling the previous day . phil my forecast be we be go to see the groundhog peek its head out of its hole , look around a little bit , then he 's go to come out , scamper over to this general area , look at the crowd for a second , make a little burping noise and run back into the ground . rita ( whisper to Larry ) that 's it . I be go to kill he . phil look at he watch . phil o k ay ? and here we go -- phil point to the hole and Larry zoom in . the groundhog stick he head out , look leave , look right , step out of the hole , and run away from the press pool , directly over to Larry 's camera . as he stand there , he body cast a long shadow . the groundhog look right into the camera , let out a squeak , and run back into the hole . rita and Larry be completely amaze as the crowd cheer the brief appearance of the groundhog . Larry pan back to phil . phil just stand there speechless , stare at the groundhog burrow . - 35 - rita ( hiss ) phil ! buster greene , the groundhog club official , walk onto the mound and hush the crowd , exactly as before . buster he come out , and he see he shadow . sorry , lady and gentleman , but it look like it 's go to be a long winter . again the crowd let out a good - nature " awwwwww " in disappointment . Larry pan back to phil just in time to see he walk away in a fog , without signing off . then he pan back to rita . rita ( at a loss ) for Channel 9 News , this be rita hanson in punxsutawney . she hold for a moment then make the cut sign , draw she finger across she throat . CUT to : - later int ; phil' room phil be on the phone desperately try to make a call . phil ( on the phone ) I know there 's a blizzard , but I have to get a call through to my doctor in Pittsburgh . it 's a medical emergency . . . . no , do not give I the punxsutawney Fire Department . when do you think the long distance line will be work again ?. . . but what if we do not have a tomorrow ? we do not have one today , my friend ... hello ... hello ? he hang up and shake he head which be now really start to ache , then he pop a handful of tylenol , lie down and pull the cover up over he head . a moment later , he sit up , take a pencil from the nightstand , break it in half and put the piece back on the nightstand . then he lie back down and retreat back under the cover . CUT to : - 36 - close up - clock the digital clock -radio change from 5:59 to 6:00 am . the radio come on , play the end of the sonny and cher hit , " I get you , Babe , " just as it do the day before . int . phil be room - dawn phil sit up in bed fear the worst and look on the nightstand . the pencil be whole again . completely stunne by the phenomenon , he jump out of bed and start dress hurriedly as the morning deejay begin they now familiar rap . deejay okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooold out there today ! sidekick it 's cold out there everyday . what be this -- Miami Beach ? phil rush out of the room . CUT to : ext . cherry STREET - later phil hurry toward the bed and breakfast carry two gallon bucket of paint , and a couple of big bag from a hardware store . int . bed and breakfast - continuous phil enter and pass Mrs. lancaster in the breakfast room . mrs . lancaster Painting something , Mr. connor ? phil I ' m conduct a experiment . int . phil be room - later phil enter and dump the bag on the bed . out fall a couple of big paintbrush , a small sledgehammer , a handsaw , a crowbar , plastic goggle and assort other tool . he put on the goggle , grab a hammer and some nail and start nail the door shut . CUT to : - 37 - ext . corridor - later Mrs. lancaster and several other guest be gather in the hall outside phil 's room , listen at the door and look very worried . loud music be play inside the room . from inside the room , they hear the sound of loud hammer , wood splintering and glass break . int . phil be room - continuous phil , have demolish just about all the furniture and woodwork in the room . he rip off the last of the wooden molding with the crowbar , then cross to the mirror over the demolish sink . phil stand there , stare at he image in the mirror , try to figure out what 's happen to he . he start breathe heavier , as if gather courage , then , just when we think he 's go to cut off he ear or something , he raise a electric barber clipper and shave a bald stripe up the middle of he head . he study he new look for a moment then smashes the mirror with he sledgehammer . then he open the can of paint , dip the two big brushes into the can and start slapping bright red paint onto the wall , madly , feverishly , splash himself and everything else in the room with it . as a final touch he grab the bed pillow and rip they open , then shake they all around the room create a storm of feather . finally , phil fall exhaust on the bed . from outside we can hear outrage hotel employee pound on the door . we pan over to the clock radio , the only undamage object in the room . feather drift down past the face of the clock which read 5:59 am . the time change to 6:00 , the radio click on and " I get you , Babe " start play as we pan back to phil sleep on the bed . he open he eye , jump out of bed and look around . no paint , no feather , no damage . everything be as clean and tidy as the day he check in . he race over to the unbroken mirror and look at himself . his hair be completely restore , as if it have never be shave . the song end and the deejay come on . phil say every word right along with they , shocked into a state of complete wonderment . - 38 - phil and deejay okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooold out there today . phil and sidekick it 's cold out there everyday . what be this -- Miami Beach ? the deejay laugh . phil laugh insanely along with he . CUT to : ext . gobbler ' S knob - early morning phil be wrapping up another groundhog report , try to be completely professional despite the circumstance . phil ( with force good humor ) . . . S of accord to Mr. groundhog I guess we can expect six more week of winter . it 's not very scientific , but it sure be fun . hey , wait a second . if he 's right , I could be out of a job ! ( mock laugh ) for Channel 9 News , this be phil connor in punxsutawney . he hold until Larry stop tape , then approach rita . phil how be that ? rita ( pleased ) it be good . a little smarmy for my taste , but I guess that 's what sell . phil could I talk to you about a matter that be not work related ? rita you never talk about work . phil do you know what I do last night ? rita do I want to know ? - 39 - phil I destroy my hotel room . rita you whatl this be not some kind of rock and roll tour . we do not have the budget for that -- phil no , it 's okay . this morning it be all right again . that 's what I have to talk to you about . rita phil , what be you do ? CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - a bit later phil and rita cross the street and walk past a crowd of concerned citizen gather around what look like a car accident . as a ambulance arrive , phil and rita enter the cozy look diner on the corner . int . diner .- continuous phil and rita sit together at the same table they have previously . the waiter approach . rita ( to waiter ) could I have some coffee , please ? the waiter pour she a cup . waiter ( exiting ) I will be back to take you order . rita thanks . ( to phil ) okay , so tell I . how would you know where to put the camera ? phil because I have do it before . rita I know , but the groundhog do not do exactly the same thing every year , do he ? - 40 - phil I ' m not talk about last year . I ' m talk about today . I live it before . rita you be have deja vu ? phil Big time . rita , I know it 's nut but I keep relive the same day of have be and over -- groundhog Day -- today . this be the third time . rita ( completely skeptical ) uh-huh . I be wait for the punchline . phil no , really . it 's like today never happen . I shave my head last night , today its all grow back . I could probably cut off my limb , one by one , and - pop ! they would grow back . just like a starfish . I probably do not even have to floss ? rita I be wrack my brain , but I can not even begin to imagine why you would make up something like this . phil ' Cause I be not make it up . I be ask for you help . rita look at he for a long moment . rita okay , I will bite . what do you want I to do ? phil the truth ? I would 1ike you to spend the next 24 hour with I and do not leave my side for a second . rita I see . you know , phil , you can charm all the little p.a. 's at the station , all the secretary , and even some of the weekend a nchor , but not I -- not in a thousand year . - 41 - phil wa it a second -- rita not if I be die and you breath be the only cure ; not if have you child be the only way to preserve the human race . just get it out of you head because it be not go to happen ! phil so much for the truth . Larry poke he head in the doorway , look around , spot rita and make he way over to they table . larry ( to rita ) you ready ? we better get go if we be go to stay ahead of the weather . rita yeah , , I ' m . ready , Larry . ( exiting ) good luck , phil . CUT to : insert x-ray of phil 's skull be slap up onto a light box . int . medical clinic - day phil be have he head examine by a neurologist . neurologist no spot , no tumor , no lesion , no clot , no aneurism . everything look fine and dandy to I , Mr. connor . have you consider psychiatric help ? CUT to : int . psychologist's office - day punxsutawney 's only psychologist be a marriage and family counselor at the local Lutheran church . his appearance and manner indicate he may have some serious problem of he own . - 42 - psychologist ( not too confident ) that 's kind of a unusual problem , Mr. connor . most of my work be with couple and family . phil be lie on a couch . his head be completely shave . phil yeah , but you be still a psychologist . you must have have some course in school that cover this kind of thing . psychologist sort of , I guess . abnormal psychology . phil so base on that what would you say ? psychologist ( hesitant ) I ' d say that maybe you be -- I do not know -- a little delusional . phil you be say this thing be not really happen to I ? psychologist uh-huh . phil then how do I know this conversation be really happen ? psychologist I guess you do not . phil then forget about I pay you . a discreet little alarm sound . psychologist ( relieved ) I be afraid that 's all the time we have , Mr. connor . phil wait ! be you say I be crazy ? - 43 - psychologist ( humoring he ) not necessarily . if it concern you we should schedule we next session as soon as possible . how 's tomorrow for you ? phil glower at he . CUT to : insert - a model of the solar system a scientist in a white lab coat be hold up the model . phil look on with interest . scientist ( authoritatively ) now if the moon exert a gravitational pull strong enough to cause the tide , .then it may be theoretically possible for a Black hole or a singularity of sufficient magnitude to actually bend time enough to cause it to fold back , on itself . phil you think that 's a realistic possibility ? a paper airplane sail past he head , accompany by a noisy outburst of juvenile laughter . we pull back to reveal : int . classroom - day twenty - five eighth - grader run amok . scientist ( sternly ) all right ! I think someone may just need a little visit to the Assistant principal 's office ! get back in you seat . the bell have not rung yet . the kid sit back down , but keep up they noisy chatter . scientist ( to phil ) well , I ' m speak purely hypothetically . CUT to : - 44 - int . school corridor - later phil be walk toward the exit when he pass a first grade classroom . the door be open and the teacher be discuss a story with the class . teach er so the princess pick up the frog and kiss he . phil stop outside the door to listen . int . classroom - continuous teacher now who can tell I what happen when the princess kiss the frog . little boy her lip get slime ! the whole class erupt in giggle and shriek . T eacher okay , come on now . what happen when she kiss the frog ? little girl the princess kiss the frog and the spell get break and he turn into a handsome prince and they get marry and live happily ever after . teacher that 's right . int . the corridor - same time phil be lean against the wall listen . there be something very arrest about the fairy tale , but finally he just shake he head and exit . CUT to : int . dew drop inn - later that night phil be at a bar get drunk with two local blue-collar worker , gus and phil . phil Gus , what would you do if there be no tomorrow ? - 45 - gus you mean like if the world be gonna end ? phil no , I mean like if it be never go to end . if everyday be the same and you be stick here and you could not get out and nothing you do matter ? gus you be right . everyday be the same , I can not get out of here and nothin ' I do matter . V ralph no , he 's askin1 you a question , ya idiot . gus what be the question ? ralph what if nothing matter ?! jeez , I know what I would do . I ' d j ust spend all my time drivin ' fast , gettin1 load and gettin ' laid . that 's it . phil that 's it . it just do not get any better than this , do it ? good friend , good conversation and quality brew . drink up , boy . they salute each other and drink . CUT to : ext . the STREET - later phil , Gus and Ralph approach Ralph 's big , black , old buick convertible park outside the bar . they be even drunker than they be before . ralph ( fumble with he carkey ) where you stayin ' , phil ? we will drop you off . phil hey , friend do not let friend drive drunk . give I you key . - 46 - he 's as waste as they be , but Ralph hand over he key without a fight . ralph thanks , man . phil it 's nothing . get in . they all pile into the front seat with phil at the wheel . phil ( start the ear ) seatbelt . Ralph and Gus give he the thumb up sign and start digging around in the seat crack for they seatbelt . suddenly , phil floor the accelerator and peel away , sideswipe a park car as he screech around the corner . int . the buick - continuous phil be have a great time . Gus and Ralph be whooping it up like kid on a roller coaster . phil this be great , Ralph ! ralph oh , hey , take a leave ! phil pass the intersection . ralph you miss it ! phil no problem -- ext . MAIN STREET - continuous phil throw the car into a high -speed , skid u-turn , go up on the curb , across a couple of lawn , take out a mailbox and a stop sign and bounce back onto the street . a police car park in front of the hardware store pull out and take off after he . int . the buick - continuous phil swerve in and out of oncoming traffic . Gus be start to look a little green . phil so many rule -- - 47 - ralph you can say that again . phil " do not do this - - " ext . the STREET - continuous the buick demolish a park car . phil ( v.o . ) " do not do that -- " he mow down a row of parking meter . police car it come scream around a corner in hot pursuit of the buick int . the buick - continuous Ralph hear the siren and look back at the police car . all right ! try and stop we , you mother ! phil no more rule ! ralph no more rule ! ext . the STREET - continuous a second police car join the chase . ralph ( look back ) that 's two ! phil have a good time ? ralph I be have a great time ! phil speed up to a hundred mile and hour . Gus be look even worse from the liquor and the motion of the car . gus hey , uh -- phil phil . - 48 - gus yeah , phil - - like the groundhog . phil right . gus hey , phil ? how be we go to get out of this ? there Pov - the intersection ahead two police car with light flash be park sideways , completely block the road . officer stand in the roadway , motion for phil to stop . phil ( calmly ) Gus , you be just go to have to trust I on this one . he tromp the gas pedal to the floor . Gus 's eye go wide with terror . the police dive out of the way . phil and ralph yahooooo ! there Pov - through the windshield the buick crash head on into one of the police car . black out : C lose up - clock the time change from 5:59 to 6:00 . the radio start play " I get you , Babe . " phil sit up suddenly and look around , completely amaze . he be in he room at the bed and breakfast , everything exactly the same as before . he hop out of bed and quickly examine himself for sign of physical injury . nothing . the music end and the two deej ay come on . deejay okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooold out there today . phil talk out loud along with they . phil and sidekick it 's cold out there everyday . what be this -- Miami Beach ? - 49 - the deejay laugh . phil laugh , too , exhilirate at have survive the car wreck , still very confuse and perplex , but just beginning to see the possibility of he unique situation . he start dress in a hurry . CUT to : int . breakfast room - continuous phil rush into the breakfast room just as Mrs. lancaster come out of the kitchen with the coffee . everything be exactly the same as before . mrs . lancaster W of u l d you -- phil interrupt , answer all she question before she even ask they . phil ( urgently ) yes , I would like some coffee ; the weather be go to be cold and overcast with blizzard condition move in later today ; and yes , I will be stay a extra day . mrs . lancaster ( baffle ) why thank you . phil Mrs. lancaster , have anyone be around here look for I this morning ? maybe a state official , blue coat , hat , gun , nightstick , badge , drive a late - model Ford br chevy , black and white with bub ble light on top -- mrs . lancaster ( shocked ) no , no one like that -- I .do not -- will they be ? phil ( greatly relieved ) apparently not . phil goose she , grab a sweet roll , and head for the door , start to believe now that he can truly do anything he want to . CUT to : - 50 - ext . boarding house - dawn phil stop on the step , put on he coat and glove and again join the traffic head toward gobbler 's knob . ext . MAIN STREET - moment later phil pass the old bum , ignore he as usual . ned ( o.c. ) hey , phil ! phil slip off he glove as ned ryerson lumber toward he . ned phil ! phil connor ! phil ned ! ned ryerson ! ned the head ! before ned can say another word , phil slug he . ned go down , phil put he glove back on and keep walk . phil deftly avoid the slushy pothole he step in before . a pedestrian walk behind he step right into it . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - later phil be pass through the crowd on he way to the press area when he notice nancy , the girl he meet at the hotel bar , and stop to talk to she . phil you here to see the groundhog ? she give he a look . it 's obvious she 's never see he before . nancy can you think of another reason anybody would be out here at dawn on a freezing day ? phil what 's you name ? nancy Nancy Taylor . and you be -- phil where would you go to high school ? - 51 - nancy what be this ? phil ( playful ) High school ? she really do not know what to make of phil but she decide to play along . nancy lincoln High school . in Pittsburgh . who be you ? phil who be you twelfth grade English teacher ? nancy be you kid ? phil I be wait . nancy . Mrs. walsh . phil walsh . Nancy , lincoln , walsh . nancy be this some kind of come - on ? phil I be not really sure . we will have to see . phil walk off and join rita at they camera position . CUT to : int . diner - later that morning phil be sit at he usual table , which be cover with a incredible variety of rich food -- egg , bacon , sausage , pancake , pie , cake , eclair , ice cream , pudding , etc . rita sit across from he , watch in amazement as he stuff himself with pastry . rita be this some new fad diet ? do not you worry about cholesterol ? phil scrape a plate and take a final bite of a chocolate eclair . - 52 - phil I do not worry about anything anymore . rita what make you so special ? everybody worry about something . phil that 's exactly what make I so special . he take a big bite of cake . rita shake she head . phil ( with he mouth full ) what ? rita " the wretch , concenter all in self , live , shall forfeit fair renown , and doubly die , shall go down to the vile dust from whence he sprung , unwept , unhonor , and unsung . " Sir walter Scott . phil ( stare at she for a long moment ) " there be a young man from na n t uc k e t -- " rita that 's really funny . when be you go to grow up , phil ? phil at this rate -- never . ( he pull out a pack of cigarettes ) okay if I smoke ? rita shrug . phil light up a cigarette . rita you really do have a death wish , do not you ? phil just the opposite , rita . I have a life wish . I be just try to enjoy it . take pleasure in the little thing . do not you ever just want to cut loose and go wild ? - 53 - rita I would not even know what it mean to go wild . phil yeah , well , that 's where I come in . go wild be one of my specialty . last night I get completely load and drive head - on into a police car . rita ( disbelieving ) oh , really ? you look pretty good this morning . phil that 's my point . I know you will not believe I , but we could do anything we want today and it would not matter one bit . absolutely no consequence . complete and total freedom . rita and how . . , do we manage that ? phil you leave that to I . why do not you send Larry back and hang out with I for the rest of the day ? you never make it through that blizzard anyway . Larry enter the diner and spot they . rita I will take my chance with the - weather . but you have a good time . phil do not worry . I plan to . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - next morning phil come through the crowd and find Nancy in the same spot she be in the day before . phil Nancy ? Nancy turn and look at he quizzically . - 54 - phil Nancy , right ? nancy I be sorry , I -- phil Nancy Taylor ? lincoln High ? I sit next to you in Mrs. walsh 's English class . nancy T h at -- phil phil connor . nancy -- be amazing ! phil you do not remember I , do you ? nancy I do not -- sure , I think -- phil we use to shoot spit ball -- nancy yeah , oh , God -- phil I even ask you to the prom . nancy phil connor . phil yeah . nancy how be you ?! phil I ' m great . wow , you look terrific . hey , listen , I gotta d of this report -- nancy you be a reporter ? phil weatherman . Channel 9 , Pittsburgh . nancy right , I should have know -- - 55 - phil but maybe after we could -- nancy yeah , yeah , I ' d like that -- rita ( o.c. ) phil ! rita be call from across the crowd . she look at he with disapproval . CUT to : int . phil be room - night phil be make passionate love to a woman in the dark . woman ( moan ) oh , phil . phil oh , rita . the woman suddenly freeze . there be a moment of silence , then she snap on the light . it 's Nancy , not rita . phil be as surprised as she be by he slip of the tongue . nancy ( cold ) who 's rita ? phil ( caught ) no one . it 's just something I say when I make love . you know -- " orita " , " orighta " - - it 's like " oh , baby " or something . nancy ( not entirely convinced ) oh. phil ( correct she ) o-rita . Nancy laugh uncertainly . phil switch off the light , think now about rita . CUT to : - 56 - int . breakfast room - morning some elderly guest be sip coffee and eat breakfast , stare uncomfortably at something on the other side of the room . there Pov phil be stand at the bookcase , wear only pajamas , absently munch on a danish as he read from one of the book . Mrs. lancaster approach he . mrs . lancaster be not it a wonderful collection ? phil ( not look up ) yes , it be . you do not usually find this many trashy novel in one place . mrs . lancaster you can take a book up to you room if you like . phil no , thank you . I have actually read they all . I be just reread some of the dirty part . he finish and put the book back on the shelf . mrs . lancaster ( worried ) how long will you be stay with we , Mr. connor ? phil indefinitely . I have already be here for 211 day . mrs . lancaster ( humoring he ) really ? that 's quite a long time , be not it . I hope you be find thing to do in we little town . phil ( casually ) yes , well , I be get a little tired of casual sex so today I think I would rob a bank and buy myself a really expensive car . - 57 - phil kiss she on the lip and walk off . CUT to : ext . penn bank and trust - day two harmless - look old guard be calmly load bag of cash into a armored car park in front of a local bank . suddenly phil appear , wield a shotgun , wear a batman style cape , he face completely hide by a ski mask . phil ( shout ) all right , freeze !! Drop you gun j! the guard stand there freeze with terror . phil you guy ever be hold up before ? ( they shake they head ) it 's kind of exciting , be not it ? first guard ( frightened ) I guess so . something to tell the kid about . phil yeah . by the way , I be phil . he raise the mask and show he face . first guard herman . S E C o N D guard Felix . phil ( shaking they hand ) herman and Felix . okay . take it easy , boy . and thanks . the frighten guard watch as phil make off with two large satchel of cash . CUT to : int . used car dealership - day phil pat the hood of a use BMW 850 sport car as a salesman stand by beam . phil be wear a full steeler football uniform complete with shoulder pad . - 58 - salesman a real beauty , huh . we pick it u p at a -- phil I will take it . how much ? salesman well , the sticker say $ 62,999 bu t if you want -- phil I will tell you what . I will give you $ 70000 if you just knock off the car salesman stuff and let I get out of here with my car . the salesman gawk as phil open he briefcase and start count out stack of bill . CUT to : ext . punxsutawney - day from a high angle , we see the BMW tear around the street of the town as if run a Grand prix road race . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - day the BMW come screeching to a stop right in front of the movie theater and the door open . a pair of really elaborate cowboy boot complete with silver spur hit the pavement first ; then we pan up to see phil emerge from the car wear a really gaudy ; full cowboy outfit with real six - gun on he hip . a very trashy - look girl , laraine , get out on the passenger side , dress like a french may . laraine ( very self - conscious ) I think we be go to a costume party . phil yeah , we be , we be . but first I have this movie theater fantasy I want to talk to you about . he escort she into the theater . CUT to : - 59 - int . tattoo parlor - another day phil be lie on the table , get elaborately tattooe . rita walk by , look in the window and be shocked to see phil there . phil wave at she and point to the colorful new heart pierce by a bloody dagger be tattooe on he arm . CUT to : int . biker bar - night we pan down the line of rough trade patron to . phil , dress all in black leather , both arm heavily tattooe , look like sid viscious on crack . he take off he hat to reveal red , white and blue hair shave almost down to he skull . a slut name angie and another overweight , not very pretty madonna wanna - be , both in too-tight jeans and bullet bras be come on to he , practically lick he ear . Angie pop a couple of mystery pill into he mouth . phil wash they down with a shot and a beer . I CUT to : int . phil be room - night it look like ; outtake from fellini 's " satyricon . " heavy metal be blaring from the radio , as several unsavory look man and woman be party down , a few already pass out , sleep off whatever hit they . someone be knock loudly on the door , shouting complaint about the music . a beer bottle smashes against the door . phil be sit up on the bed with Angie . he have he arm around she shoulder and a fifth of Wild Turkey in he hand . phil ( more to himself than to Angie ) yeah , but eventually you ' d just get tired of screwing around and then you would want a real relationship , would not you ? angie I do not know . a big german shepherd try to jump up on the bed with they . phil get down , brunoi ( continuing ) someone decent , someone who you respected , who respects you . - 60 - angie I guess so . the dog jump up again . phil down , bruno ! ( still muse ) it 's tough to find a relationship like that , especially if you time be kind of limited . but you still have to try , do not you ? ( the dog again ) bruno ! I tell you ! off the bed ! phil look over at angle who 's pass out with she mouth open phil there ' 's get to be more to it than this . CUT to : ext . a side STREET - the next morning rita be in the news van review the tape of phil 's report phil hover at the open side door . rita you look good . I mean , it come of ut all right . how would you know where to put the camera ? phil psychic . so do you have a nice evening ? rita ( guard ) I just have a sandwich , watch some tv and go to bed . phil I get my whole body tattooe and part ied all night with some nymphomaniac biker chick . rita ( skeptical ) sound wholesome . be that the new 24 - hour disappear tattoo or can I see they ? phil no , they be go . rita , if you only have one day to live , what would you do with it ? - 61 - she switch off the videotape and step out of the van . rita I do not know , phil . what be you die of ? phil no , I mean like what if the entire world be about to explode ? rita I ' d just want to know where to p ut the camera . what be you look for , phil - - a date for the weekend ? she start walk toward the center of town . phil stick right with she . phil no , I just want to know you better . what do you like , what do you want , what do you think about , what kind of man be you interested in , what do you do for fun ? rita ( she stop ) be this real or be you just go to make I feel like a fool ? phil I be just try to talk to you like a normal person . be not this how normal people talk ? rita Close . phil okay , so talk to I . c'mon , I will buy you a cup of coffee . CUT to : int . diner - a little later phil and rita be at they usual table , drink coffee . rita I guess I want what everybody want -- you know , career , love , marriage , child . so far I do not have any of it . - 62 - phil you have a career . rita I have a job . do storey on the punxsutawney groundhog be not my ultimate goal . no offense . phil how about the other stuff ? you see anybody ? rita this be get too personal . I do not think I ' m ready to discuss this thing with you . what about you ? what do you want ? phil what I really want be someone like you . rita o h , please -- phil why not ? rita phil , you know , you have so much talent and ability . if you would just drop the attitude and act like a decent human be , then maybe I ' d -- ( she hesitates ) phil you would what ? rita I do not know what . phil then maybe you would like I ? she stare hard at he . rita I do not know . it 's sort of like the way I feel about ufo 's . I would have to see it to believe it . Larry poke he head in the doorway , look around , spot rita and make he way over to they table . - 63 - larry ( to rita ) you ready ? we better get go if we be go to stay ahead of the weather . rita yeah , I will be right out , Larry . Larry scowl at phil and exit . phil ( to rita ) why do not you stay for a while ? the road 's go to be close anyway . do you really want to be stick in the van with Larry for three hour ? rita I have get to get back . I will see you later . phil watch rita exit . phil be Pov rita get in the news van and drive off with Larry . phil stare out the window , more " determine than ever to win she over . CUT to : ext . gobblery knob - another day phil be wrapping up he groundhog report . phil well , you hear it right from the groundhog 's mouth . bundle up good , ' cause it 's go to be a long winter -- at least in punxsutawney . report for Channel 9 , this be phil connor . Larry stop tape . rita that be great . how do you know the -- phil ( preoccupied ) I have to go now . there 's something I have to do . - 64 - phil run off without another word of explanation . CUT to : ext . the news van - later phil have the hood open and be do something to the engine . CUT to : int . the berghof restaurant - later rita be sit at the bar in the town 's best restaurant , a good chophouse with Black Forest decor and waitress dress in dirndl skirt and apron . phil enter and sit down next to she . phil ( act surprised ) oh , hi , rita . you still here ? rita ( glum ) the van will not start . Larry 's work on it . phil ( innocent ) would not you know it . buy you a drink ? rita okay . phil ( to the bartender ) Jack Daniels . bartender for you , miss ? rita tequila , with lime . gold , if you have get it . phil nod to himself . CUT to : same scene - another day phil walk in and sit next to rita . phil ( act surprised ) oh , hi , rita . you still here ? - 65 - R it a ( glum ) the van will not start . Larry 's work on it . phil would not you know it . buy you a drink ? rita okay . phil ( to the bartender ) tequila with lime , gold if you have get it . rita look at phil , surprised . bartender for you miss ? rita same for I , please . the bartender pour . phil ( to rita ) what should we toast to ? rita you call . phil to the groundhog ! rita stare for a moment . rita I always drink to world peace . CUT to : same scene - another day bartender take you order ? phil tequila with lime , gold if you have get it . rita look at phil . , bartender for you , miss ? - 66 - rita same for I , please . the bartender pour . phil lift he glass . phil to world peace . rita smile , reevaluate he . rita to world peace . they clink glass . CUT to : int . the bar - later rita and phil be now sit together at a table , a plate of cheese and cracker and a bottle of white wine between they . phil you like you job ? rita it 's okay . I think it could be really challenging . of course it 's about a million mile from where I start out in college . phil you be not in broadcasting ? rita at bryn mawr ? no , uh-uh . " believe it or not , I study nineteenth century french poetry . phil ( laugh good - naturedly ) really ? what a waste of time . rita look offended . phil know he make a mistake . CUT to : same scene - another day phil you be not in broadcasting ? - 67 - rita at bryn mawr ? no , uh-uh . believe it or not , I study nineteenth century french poetry . phil lean in closer to she . phil La fille qui j'aimera Sera comme bon vin qui se bonifiera un peut chaque matin . rita smile , entrance . CUT to : int . fudge shop - day phil and rita be sit at a table in a small confectionery , taste chunks of different flavor fudge . rita take a bite rita this be terrific . phil best fudge in town . rita how do you know so much about punxsutawney ? phil I like small town . I think they engender real community more than big city . rita that be so true ! I have always think that , too . phil no kid . here -- try the white chocolate . rita oh , yuk , do not make I sick . phil ( make mental note ) no white chocolate . rita there 's something so familiar about this . do you ever have deja vu ? phil smile . then Larry enter . - 68 - larry ( irate , to rita ) I do not believe it . someone buy every distributor cap in this town . we be go to be stick here all night1 over phil 's sympathetic look we hear the song , " I can not get start with you " . CUT to : int . the berghof restaurant - night the music continue over rita and phil on the small dance floor . they dance , close , dreamy , romantic . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - later that night there be a light snow fall . phil and rita be make a little snowman . somehow the town look magical tonight -- old fashioned , wholesome . a snowball hit phil in the back . he and rita turn around to see a giggle kid . phil pack a snowball and toss it . the kid throw one back . rita and phil both get into it , pack snowballs and get into a war with this kid and he little gang of friend . a snowball catch rita unaware , she slip and go down in a snowbank . phil bend down to help she and slip . they be no together , lie in the snow , laugh . they eye lock for a long sweet moment , then rita get embarrassed and stand up . CUT to : ext . cherry STREET inn - night phil and rita be walk slowly , very close . phil what ? rita I ' m just amaze . and I be not easily amaze . phil about what ? - 69 - rita how you can start a day with one kind of expectation and end up so completely different . phil do you like how this day be turn out ? rita yes . I like it very much . they stop dn front of phil 's hotel . she turn to he . rita you could never have plan a day like this , but it could not have be more perfect . phil you be wrong . I have be plan this day for week . rita ignore the remark and hug he . phil try to kiss she but she gently put she finger to he lip , stop he . '' they enter the bed and breakfast inn . int . vestibule - continuous rita hug he again and start to exit . rita thanks . see you tomorrow . phil tomorrow ? wait , be not you go to come up to my room for a while ? rita ( very reluctant ) I do not know , phil -- phil no·reason to end a perfect day . rita ( decide ) well -- we better not . phil no , you should . the , uh , the poetry ! I have get some book , rimbaud , beaudelaire , we could l ig ht a fire -- - 70 - rita thanks , but -- phil ( see it all slip away ) please come , rita . it will be -- rita ( definite ) phil , I be tired . we can be together tomorrow . phil ( get desperate ) but there be no tomorrow for I ! rita ( adamant ) let 's not ruin it , phil . there 's no way I ' m sleep with you tonight . phil why not ? rita , I love you ! rita you do not even know I ! phil ( grab she hand ) please ! you have to ! rita shake loose from he grasp . rita what 's wrong with you ! there be a long moment of silent tension , then all she old doubt about phil come rush back . rita ( shaking she head ) oh , no . I can not believe I fall for it . this whole day be just one long set-up . and I eat fudge . yucchh ! I hate fudge . phil no , it be real . I love you . rita stop say that ! do you really expect I to trust you ? the whole secretarial pool be a phil connor recovery group . - 71 - phil but I can change ! I really can -- rita slap he hard on the cheek . rita that 's for make I care about you . she turn and stomp off , leave phil stand there hurt . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - another night the snowball fight with the kid be go on as before . phil fall into the snowbank with rita and they almost kiss . CUT to : int . quality inn motel - later phil be try ( mos ) to talk he way into rita 's room . she ^pushes he away and slam the door in he face . CUT to : ext . motel - night the street be desert except for phil , stare up at rita 's window in the quality Inn . rita come to she window and look out . she see phil look up at she and draw the curtain . CUT to : int . phil be room - dawn " I get you , Babe " be play . phil hit the clock radio to turn it off . he lie there for a moment , then heft himself heavily out of bed , not eager to repeat the day yet another time . with the radio off , phil do the deejay ' morning routine himself , seemingly for the millionth time . phil ( dully ) okay , camper , rise and shine , and do not forget you booty because it 's cooooold out there today . phil continue the radio report at he own pace , obviously fatigue . - 72 - phil it 's cold out there everyday . what be this -- Miami Beach ? haw . not hardly . and you can expect hazardous travel later today with that , you know , blizzard thing . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn phil be walk through the crowd . he spot Nancy , walk up to she and greet she half - heartedly . phil hi , Nancy . nancy ( pleasantly ) hi . do I know you ? phil can not manage enough enthusiasm to pursue she yet again . phil no , I guess not . I think you be someone else . phil wander over to where rita and Larry be set up the camera . rita come over to he . rita be you all right , phil ? you look terrible . phil look at she sadly , then turn away . phil ( vacantly ) I ' m fine . CUT to : int . biker bar - night the ball crack as the cue ball break the rack . phil be walk around the table , cue in hand , sink ball after ball , while several admire hustler look on . first hustler who be this guy ? - 73 - second hustler I do not know . hey , mister -- ( phil do not stop shoot ) who be you , anyway ? phil shoot , sink a tough one . phil you do not know I ? I have be play here every day for two month . first hustler oh , yeah ? so how come I be not see you ? phil I do not know . I see you . second hustler so what 's you name ? phil they call I -- punxsutawney phil . second hustler punxsutawney phil ? like the groundhog . phil yeah , like the groundhog . phil sink another one . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn the crowd be wait expectantly for the groundhog to appear phil be a wreck , squatting unprofessionally in front of the camera . phil ( cynically ) this be one of the most pitiful spectacle know to civilization . with one nod from a filthy rodent best know to pest control agency , a moribund old coal mining hamlet turn magically into the lourd of Pennsylvania , Mecca to thousand of people who , if they hate the winter so damned much , why do not they move to Florida , anyway ? - 74 - Larry and rita look on , incredulous . . CUT to : close up - tv set the program jeopardy ! be play . alex trebeck ( on tv ) Nobel prize-winn co - discoverer of the DNA molecule . phil ( o.c . ) who be Watson and crick . contestant ( on tv ) who be Watson and crick ? alex ( on tv ) correct . there be a cheer from a small group of people off-screen . int . parlor - continuous phil be sit in he bathrobe in a big lounge chair in the parlor of he hotel . Mrs. lancaster , and other guest watch he performance , awed by he " intellect . " alex ( on tv ) twin brother and sister sebastian and olivia create confusion in this shakespearean comedy . phil what be " twelfth night . " contestant ( on tv ) what be " twelfth night ? " alex ( on tv ) correct . more cheer from the small group . contestant ( on tv ) I will take New Jersey for eight hundred , Alex . - 75 - alex ( on tv ) and the answer be -- a audio daily double . phil Count basie . CUT to : ext . STREET - day phil be walk through town , still dress only in he pajamas and overcoat , count the sidewalk crack , take giant step from one to the next . he look crazy . phil two thousand six hundred and 's e have n ty -o n e -- ( take another step ) two thousand six hundred and se v en t y -t with of -- ( another step ) two thousand six hundred and seventy - thr-ee - ^- a woman pass walk she dog . phil hey , pick up after you dog ! dog WALKER he have not do anything . phil he 's go to ! ( pointing ) there and there . and there ! phil continue walk , count the sidewalk crack . three neighborhood kide notice phil and walk along , match he step for step . iphil two thousand six hundred and seventy - four , two thousand six hundred and seventy - five , two thousand '-- joey five million eight hundred -- phil S i x hundred -- mike and sue ninety , twenty , four , six , fifty -- - 76 - phil two thousand , four hundred -- joey , mike and sue two , eight , nine , forty - six -- phil stop . he have lose count . his lip curl up like a animal as he turn slowly , growl at the kid . they run away scream with glee . phil start after they but run right into a cop . cop you get a problem , buddy ? phil ( out of control ) yeah , I get a problem , buddy ! I can not stand this place anymore ! I can not stand this street and I can not stand the fourteen bar and the five bank and the one star food and the bad weather and the " quaint " little shop and most of all , I can not stand anything -- anything -- with a groundhog on it . he rip a groundhog patch off the cop 's jacket sleeve . cop ( calmly ) okay . then let 's see what we can do about get you out of here . you get a name ? phil ( eye downcast ) phil . cop phil . like the groundhog ! phil turn to the cop like a rabid dog , ready to strike . phil yeah , like the -- ( he stop as if strike ) -- groundhog . some big new idea have form in he mind . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - early morning rita be look at phil as Larry videotape he report . - 77 - larry ( turn to rita ) the guy 's nut . he 's out of he gourd . rita let he finish , then I will call the station . they turn back to watch phil 's wrap -up . phil be completely unkempt , still wear only pajama bottom and he overcoat , look even more dement . phil ( to camera ) there be no way this winter be ever go to end as long as that groundhog keep see he shadow everyday . I do not see any other way out . he 's get to be stop and I have get to stop he . for Channel 9 news , this be phil connor . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - night phil be walk around the mound , case it out . he take a rifle out from under he coat and sneak up to the burrow . he pull a smoke bomb from he pocket , light it , and throw it into the hole , then scurries for the edge of the knob and hit the deck . he lift he rifle and aim it . smoke be now pour from the mound . lot of it . phil wait , he trigger finger twitching . a woman casually walk by , stop . she survey the situation . woman he be not there . phil do not move . he -doe not care that she see he . woman you can wait all night , but he be not come out . he do not live there . they keep he in the library . phil 's gun droops . the woman begin to walk off , then stop . woman plug he once for I . - 78 - she leave . CUT to : ext . civic CENTER - day phil pass a pedestal bear a life-size bronze statue of the groundhog and enter the public library . int . library - continuous phil walk past the front desk look very haggard and dangerous , and enter the child 's section . no one be present except the children' librarian , a young woman , reshelve book in the stack . he look around quickly and see a window in the wall and over it a large sign which read : " punxsutawney phil - the great prognosticate " phil head right for it . the groundhog scurries around he little temperature - control habitat , oblivious to the approach danger . as phil approach the groundhog display , he reach into he overcoat and pull out a pump shotgun with a short pistol grip . the child 's librarian see the gun and freeze . phil pump a shell into the chamber as he walk right up to the case . phil' Pov the groundhog look right into he sight . philsqueeze the trigger . loud gunshot . the glass window be still intact , not a scratch on it . the groundhog look up playfully . phil fire off four more round but , again , no result . phil can not believe it . he charge the glass and pound it with the rifle butt . he can not even chip it . suddenly he be seize from behind by two strong men who take the rifle from he and wrestle he to floor . the librarian come run up and look at the groundhog . bystander be he all right ? librarian he 's just fine . that 's two inch of bullet - proof glass there . you can not be too careful in this day and age . - 79 - CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn the groundhog be just poke he head out of the hole . he stand full height and look around . phil look directly at the groundhog with hate and scheme madness . suddenly , phil whip out a big kitchen knife from under he icoat and dive at the groundhog . town official and police throw themselves on phil as the groundhog scamper safely back into he hole . rita and Larry videotape the incident , aghast at phil 's insane attack . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - another day Larry and rita be load they equipment back into the van . rita spot phil stand on the other side of the crowd , stare at she . she march straight over to he , furious . rita where be you this morning ? how could you possibly miss the shoot ? phil ( at the end of he rope ) I have come to the end of I , rita . there 's only one way out now . just remember / we have a wonderful day together once . phil kiss she gently on the cheek and walk off toward the back of the knob . rita watch he , then follow at a discreet distance , very worried . in a small clear behind the man-made groundhog burrow , buster greene and two other groundhog club official be lift a cage into the front seat of buster 's pickup . B uster ( to the groundhog ) there you go , ol ' buddy . good job . hey ! he smile at I . see that ? first official right . - 80 - buster ( secure the cage ) there , little fella . the other official look up and see phil walk toward they like a zombie . other official hi , there , mister . something I can do you for ? without a word , phil jump quickly into the cab of the pickup and start it up . first official hey ! what be you -- ! phil drive off in buster 's truck . rita witness the groundhog - napping and run back toward the knob . rita ( shout ) Larry ! buster and he aide race for another car park nearby . buster Jake ! call the police , and get the word out . somebody kidnap phil . we be go after he . come on , Tommy ! they jump into a car , buster gun the engine and take off after the pickup . rita run up to Larry and grab the camera on the fly . rita let 's go ! phil just snatch the groundhog ! Larry do a slow take and start gather up the rest of the gear . larry ( mutter ) probably some kind of gerbil deal . pervert . CUT to : - 81 - ext . local road - minute later phil come tear around a slippery curve , follow by buster in he car , and close behind he , a contingent of police car and the Channel 9 news van . int . pickup - continuous phil look at the groundhog on the seat next to he , then punch the gas as he turn up a mountain drive . phil come to the end of the trail , phil . then we be go out in a blaze of glory . int . buster be car - same time buster pursue phil with relentless determination . buster nobody take my groundhog and get away with it . .. · . int . the news van - same time rita be drive . Larry be hook up the camera . rita ( very upset ) what be he do ? what can he be think ? he must 1 have just -- snap . Larry squeeze into the passenger seat with the camera mount on he shoulder . larry this oughta be good . ext . mountain road - continuous the car chase the pickup to the top of the mountain . int . buster be car - continuous buster okay ! I know this road . there 's no way off ' cept the way we come up . first official all right ! we get he now . - 82 - ext . logger' leap - continuous the pickup be lose its lead over the pursuer as it near the sharp mountain cliff . int . the pickup - same time phil look in he rearview mirror at the car chase he . he glance down at the groundhog . he take a breath . phil okay , pal . it 's showtime . phil hit the gas . int . the news van - same time Larry be taping as rita come around the curve just in time to see the pickup truck speed toward the cliff . rita hit the brake and watch in horror . rita phil ! no ! ext . logger' leap - continuous the pickup burst through a retain fence and rocket over the edge of the cliff . the pickup seem to hang in the air for a long time , then it begin its slow motion descent , fall ever so gracefully until it impact on the granite rock face far below . big explosion . big fireball . flaming wreckage . then a small click , follow by " I get you , Babe . " dissolve to : phil he slowly open he eye and blink . he look around and realize he 's back in he room at the bed and breakfast . phil ah , nut ! phil throw off the cover and hurl himself out of bed . CUT to : - 83 - int . ned ryerson's office - day ned and a client be huddle over he desk , look at some papers . a body drop quickly past the window behind they . it 's phil . they rush to the window and look down at the sidewalk three storey below . phil be sprawle there like a break puppet , lifeless . int . phil be room - dawn " I get you , Babe " be play . phil wake up and smashes the radio . CUT to : ext . STREET - day rita and Larry be walk down the street when a greyhound bus pull out of the bus station and accelerate down Main Street . suddenly , phil , dress in pajamas and overcoat , leap out in front of the speed bus . rita witness the whole incident . D river ' Pov he see phil through the windshield but do not even have time to hit the brake before he run right over phil . CUT to : a tv screen a woman in some horror movie be scream . reveal Mrs. lancaster be watch tv in the parlor of the hotel . in the corridor behind she , phil walk by , dress in a robe , carry a electric toaster and a towel , head for the bathroom . a few moment pass . we hear the zap of a electrocution , the light and tv flicker and dim for a moment , then come back on again . CUT to : ext . the bank - day the building be surround by police , all crouch behind they car with gun and rifle train on the door . - 84 - suddenly , the door burst open and phil come run out of the bank scream , dress in camouflage fatigue and armed to the tooth with a assault rifle in one hand , a uzi in the other and a couple of handgun stick in he belt . he do not get three foot before he be shot down in a incredible hail of gunfire . rita stand beside the camera gape in horror while Larry record the grisly massacre . int . coroner be - day rita stand by weep while phil 's body be cover with a sheet . in the shadowy darkness under the sheet , a click be hear and phil 's eye pop open . " I get you , Babe " play . int . phil be room - continuous phil pull the sheet off he face and find himself back in he bed in he room . a tear fall from he eye . CUT to : int . diner - day phil and rita be sit in the diner at they regular table . rita I ' m sorry . what be that again ? phil I be a god . rita you be God ? phil no , I be a god . not the God -- at least I do not think I be . rita that 's reassure . for a mintute there I think you might be crazy . phil no , it 's true . it 's the only possible explanation . I be a supernatural be . rita because you survive a car wreck ? - 85 - the waiter come to the table . waiter be you ready to order ? phil ( to rita , ignore the waiter ) not just the car wreck ! I do not just blow up yesterday , you know . I have be run over , drown , crush , stab , shot , electrocute , poison , freeze , burn ed , and asphyxiate -- rita really ? the waiter look at he like he 's nut . phil -- but I always wake up the next day without a scratch , without even a headache . I be tell you , I ' m immortal . waiter the special today be blueberry waffle . rita why be you tell I this ? waiter ( shrug ) because some people like blueberry waffle . rita ( to the waiter ) no t you -- he . phil because I want you to believe in I . rita you be not a god , phil . take my word for it . this be twelve year of Catholic school talk . waiter I could come back if you be not ready . phil how do you know I be not a god ? - 86 - rita please . phil how do you know ? rita because it 's not possible . waiter I will come back . the / waiter turn to leave . phil hey , billy ! the waiter turn back . phil this be Bill . he 's be a waiter for three year because he leave Penn State and have to find work . he like the town , he paint toy soldier , and he 's gay . waiter I be notl phil grab a astonished rita and pull she over to the next table . rita what be you do ? phil this be doris kleiser and she fiance Fred . doris do I know you ? phil they be suppose to get marry tonight but doris be have second thought . fred what ! doris touce she engagement ring , dumbfounded . rita be a little embarrassed . rita Lovely ring . doris thanks . - 87 - phil drag rita to the counter . phil this be Ralph . say " hi , " rita . rita flash a quick smile . ralph do not believe I have have the -- phil Ralph hate he life here and want to drive around town smash into policeman . ralph well , who do not ? rita this be some kind of trick . phil yes , it 's a trick . but maybe the real God cheat , too . maybe God be not omnipotent -- he 's just have a lot of practice . rita how about that guy ? phil Tom . worked in the coal mine ·til they shut it down . rita her ? phil ' Nancy . go to lincoln High School in Pittsburgh . take herself out to lunch once a week . rita be get very bewilder . from they reaction she can see that phil be right about each and every one of they . rita how do you know this people ! phil I tell you the truth . in five second there 's go to be a grease fire in the kitchen . five , four -- rita this be nut . - 88 - phil -- three , two , one . phil point to the kitchen as smoke start pour from the service window . everyone in the diner be now stare at they rita ( try to puzzle it out ) okay , enough . let 's just sit down and think for a second . ( they sit ) what do you know about I , phil ? do you know I , too ? phil take a long pause . phil I know all about you , rita . I know you like produce , but hope for better than Channel 9 , Pittsburgh . rita everyone know that . phil you like boat but not the ocean . there 's a lake you go to in the summer with you family , up in the mountain , with a old wooden dock and a boathouse with board miss in the roof , and a place you use to crawl underneath to be alone , and at night you would look up and see the star . you be a sucker for Rocky Road , marlon brando , and french poetry . you be wonderfully generous ; you be kind to stranger , and child ; and when you stand in the snow , you look like a angel . rita how be you do this ? phil I tell you ! I wake up every day right here , right in punxsutawney , and it 's always February second and I can not turn it off . if you still do not bel iev e I , listen - - rita B u t , phil -- - 89 - phil listen ! in ten second Larry be go to walk through that door and take you away from I . rita Larry ? phil but you can not let he . please believe I . you have get to believe I . rita I do not -- Larry poke he head in the doorway , look around and spot rita . phil look . as rita turn around to see Larry , phil grab a pen and pad from a pass waitress and quickly write something down as Larry make he way to they table . phil finish write . larry ( to rita ) you ready ? we better get go if we be go to stay ahead of the weather . phil hand the paper to rita . she read it . rita ( reading ) " . . . stay ahead of the weather . " Larry look at the paper . larry what ' 's that ? rita look at phil with new understanding and empathy . CUT to : ext . punxsutawney - day phil and rita be walk down the sidewalk . phil afer I get over the shock , it be kind of fun for the first year or two . I have anything I want . except you , of course . - 90 - phil abruptly pull rita aside . a big pile of snow slide off a roof and onto the sidewalk where they would have walk . phil do not even look up . rita look , as if she 's see a miracle . rita how do this start ? phil I do not know . I just wake up . just like always . ned ry-erson approach . ned hey , phil ! phil connor 1 phil rita , this be ned ryerson . he 's a asshole . ned he remember I ! phil and rita keep walk . rita look back at ned , perplex phil trust I on that one . CUT to : ext . fudge shop - day phil and rita come out of the shop , share piece of fudge . rita this be great . phil no , it be not . you hate fudge . . rita just how well do we know each other ? phil I tell you . I know everybody . rita stop walk . rita do we ever ... you know ? phil ( teasing ) do we ever ! you be a animal . - 91 - rita come on . phil you be european train , be not you . phil continue walk . rita ( blushing ) phil ! it 's not funny . she catch up to he . phil turn to she . phil you be not interested . rita ( relieved ) okay . she begin walk again . rita not that it would have be so awful . phil I understand . rita I just have to know whether to smack you or not . phil you do . rita good . CUT to : ext . park - day phil and rita be sit on a park bench . phil so do you believe any of this ? rita I do not know . I do not know how else you could know so much . maybe it be really happen . - 92 - phil I use to try to stay up all night sometimes . I think if I could stay conscious I could figure out what be go on , or at least hang onto something from the day before . but I give up on that a long time ago . rita look at he with compassion . rita it sound so -- lonely . phil ( try to shrug it off ) it 's not that bad . you get use to it . rita come to a decision . rita maybe I should spend the rest of the day with you -- as a objective witness . just to see what happen . okay ? phil yeah , sure . that would be okay . CUT to : int . phil be room - night a hat be lie on phil 's bed . a play card fly past . a second play card sail right into the hat . another play card sail past , miss . another play card sail right in phil and rita be toss card . rita be miss . phil be hit . phil it 's not in the wrist so much as the finger . be the hat . rita it would take I a year to get good at this . phil uh-uh . six month . four , five hour a day . rita be this what you do with eternity ? - 93 - phil now you know . it 's like wait for a bus that never come . you should see I play pool -- and bowl , juggling , hacky sack . I can ride a unicycle . there ' 's a knock on the door . phil I will get it ! phil jump for the door and open it . the pizza guy be there . phil hi , marty . $ 11.75 include the delivery charge , right ? pizza guy U h hh h -- phil pay he , take the pizza and close the door . rita ( open the pizza box ) mmmm . pepperoni and olive . my favorite . phil of course . I tell you , I know everything . rita ( take a bite of pizza ) I don ' t think I ' d want to know everything that ' 's go to happen . I like to be surprised . phil that 's not the worst part . rita what 's the worst part ? phil the worst part be start over everyday . tomorrow you will not remember any of this . you will go back to treat I like a complete jerk -- rita no -- phil it 's not you fault . I be a jerk . - 94 - rita no , you be not . phil okay , I ' m not . it really do not make a lot of difference . I have kill myself so many time , I do not even exist anymore . I be just completely empty . rita or completely clean . phil if you be go to be this positive all the time I may have to rough you up a little . rita wait ! have we do this before ? phil which part ? rita you get I up here , the card gam e , the pizza -- phil no , this be the first time . rita ( excite ) well ? phil well , what ? rita well how do it feel to be do something completely new ? phil look at she with tremendous affection and gratitude . phil good . really good . he take a slice of pizza and start eat with gusto . dissolve to : the pizza BOX - later there 's only one slice leave . phil and rita be sit together on the bed , close but not touch . Soft music be play on the radio . - 95 - rita sometimes I wish I have a thousand lifetime . one to be a great journalist . one to , I do not know , go back to school , study art , or auto mechanic . one just to take care of all the busywork , you know , pay the bill , get my car tune up . one to be the wild woman of borneo . one to be mother theresa . maybe it 's not a curse , phil . it all just depend on how you look at it . phil stare at she for a long time let this sink in . then he belch really loud . rita stare at he , then burp surprisingly loud herself . rita I want you to know , it 's be a really nice day for I . phil I , too . rita maybe , if it 's not too boring for you , we could do it again . phil I hope so . the clock read 11:59 . rita grab phil 's hand . he put he arm around she . they look into each other ' eye . rita give phil a reassure smile . she squeeze he hand . they eye turn to the clock . 11 :;59 turn to 12:00 . rita look up at phil as if expect some magical event . rita you be still here ! phil I know . rita I think you be suppose to disappear -- or I be or something . phil not ' till six . rita you rat ! - 96 - she be mad in a playful way . phil I never say midnight -- rita you know I be wait for midnight ! phil but I never say it . rita oh , I can not believe you ! ( she slug he with a pillow ) I do not know this be go to take all night ! phil do that mean you be go ? rita no. phil take rita 's hand . she do not resist . dissolve to : later rita be now sit right next to phil on the bed , she head rest on he shoulder . she nod off then catch herself . rita I be sorry . phil it 's okay to go to sleep you know . I promise I will not touch you -- much . rita no , it 's all right . I be not tired . what be you say ? her eye start to close again . phil I be say that the cow be eventually return to it 's rightful owner . rita ( drift off ) really ? - 97 - phil that 's right . he look at she , see she 's truly asleep , and gently maneuver she into a comfortable recline position on the bed . then he carefully put a pillow under she head and settles down next to she . phil what I be go to say be , I think you be the kindest , sweetest , prettiest , most wonderful girl I ever meet in my life . she start to stir but he gently kiss she back to sleep . phil shhhh . that 's good . ( satisfied she 's still asleep ) I could never tell you this , but from the first minute I look at you I want to just hold you close and be with you forever . ieverytime I - see you around the station , I think my heart be go to explode . I use to dream about we be together . in my dream you love I as much as I love you and we do not have to say anything but I know you understand everything . she stir again but he kiss she until she return to deep sleep . phil I know a guy like I could never deserve to have someone like you , but if I do , I swear I would love you for the rest of my life . rita open she eye . rita ( half - asleep ) do you say something ? phil good-night , rita . he kiss she gently on the forehead . rita good-night , phil . - 98 - C lose up - the clock the time change from 5:59 to 6:00 . the radio start play . phil wake up alone in bed . he lie there for a moment then leap out of bed like a man reborn and head straight for the shower . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn rita and Larry be in the pack press area , beginning to set up the equipment . phil arrive , carry two cup of coffee . phil rita ? she look at he without a trace of the rapport they share the night before . rita oh , hi , phil . phil think you might like some -- he hand she the coffee . rita thanks ! phil careful , it 's hot . Larry ? he hand Larry a cup . larry ( surprised , mutter ) yeah , great . rita we be just set up . phil you know , I bump into buster greene , he kind of run this thing , and he tip I off that we might get a better shot over there . rita really ? - 99 - phil I mean , maybe we should go for it . what do you think ? rita sound good to I . Larry ? larry sure , why not ? rita all right . thanks , phil. good work . she reach for a equipment case . phil I will get that . phil help Larry carry the camera gear . phil ( to Larry ) you and I never talk , Larry . you get kid ? Larry look suspicious . rita look on , reevaluate phil . CUT to : int . library - day phil enter the library , approach the librarian . phil where would I find the philosophy section ? librarian down and to the leave , 600' . phil walk through the stack , past the groundhog window . CUT to : ext . a house - day phil ring the doorbell . a kindly young woman , mary , answer mary yes ? phil I ' d like a piano lesson , please . - 100 - mary oh. okay , I ' m with a student now , but -- phil I will give you a thousand dollar . Mary hesitates only a moment , then usher phil into the house and close the door . a moment later the door open and a little girl with a armloa of music book exit as if push . the door close behind she . CUT to : int . hallway - dawn phil walk happily down the hallway . he pass the chubby man . chubby man Morning . phil buon giorno , signore . / '. . ' · - : chubby man think it ' 11 be a early spring ? phil " Winter slumbering in the open air wear on he smile face a dream of spring . " chubby man oh . CUT to : int . mary house - day phil and Mary be sit together at the piano . phil be play , poorly . mary not bad , Mr. connor . you say this be you first lesson ? phil technically , yes . phil play on , definitely improve . CUT to : - 101 - int . library - day we see several cut of phil study at the library . supere over this cut be a calendar with the page flipping by . they all read " February 2 . " CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn phil stand in front of the camera , give he report . phil in fact , the groundhog 's legendary ability to predict the weather may be more than just the german folklore of the region . Higher temperature trigger hormonal change in the testosterone level of male groundhogs , which may in fact wake they from hibernation and send they out to battle with other male ; for mate rights . so , the truth be they be not look for they shadow , they be look for groundhog chick . rita look on , clearly delighted with the report . CUT to : int . mary house - day phil be play the piano with ever increase skill as more February 2 calendar page flip by . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn phil be deliver another report . - 102 - phil groundhog Day , February second , also know as candlemas Day or the feast of the purification of the virgin Mary , the day Mary first come to the temple for ritual blessing follow the birth of the infant Jesus , and celebrate since the Middle Ages by the sacramental lighting of candle . hence the old Scottish couplet which long predate the . american groundhog tradition : " if candlemas dawns bright and clear , there will be two winter in the year . " Larry whisper a aside to rita . larry be he make this stuff up ? rita ( riveted ) shhhhh . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day Beyond the graveyard be a work shed with various tombstone scattered about . Old tucker , the town stonecarver , be at work chiseling a name into a gravemarker . behind he , phil be chipping away at a small hunk of marble , sculpting a very lovely cherub . rita sit on a stool eat a apple and sip hot tea watch he with amaze interest . phil but what if the rule change ? what if none of you action have consequence ? rita there would still be a absolute morality . there have to be a absolute good , regardless of the circumstance . phil oh , be that so , miss plato ? then let I ask you this . where do this " absolute good " come from ? from the sky ? - 103 - rita shrug . rita I do not know . from my freshman philosophy course , I guess . they both laugh . then she look at he for a long moment and grin . phil what ? rita nothing . I just can not believe you be such a fine sculptor . phil take a bite of she apple and get up . phil I gotta go . rita where do you have to go in punxsutawney ? phil I get piano and then drum . rita here ? phil come on , I will drop you off . they exit . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET '·· - .. later phil drop rita off and watch as she cross the street to Larry who be wait on the other side . across the street , rita take a wistful glance toward phil , then get in the news van and drive off . phil get out of the car and start walk , but find himself face to face with ned ryerson . ned phil ! phil connor ! I think that be you ! phil ned ? ned ryerson ! I do not believe it . I have miss you so much . - 104 - phil give ned a big hug and keep hold on for a uncomfortably long time , actually give ned a hickey on the neck . ned go into homophobic shock . ned uh , I gotta get go . Nice to see you , phil . he hurry off . CUT to : int . mary house - day phil be sit on the piano bench with Mary , play pretty well . Mary be astonished . mary how long have you be study , Mr. connor ? phil one day . I be gift . CUT to : ext . STREET - day phil be walk down the street . he glance down the alley as he pass , stop , walk back and enter the alley . the old bum that phil never notice before be lie there , huddle against a wall . phil go to help he . phil hey , mister . hey . come on , let 's get you somewhere warm . the old bum turn to look at phil , then close he eye . phil ( help the old man to he foot ) there you go . phil practically carry he out of the alley . CUT to : int . hospital emergency room - night a nurse approach phil . nurse you the one bring in the old man ? - 105 - phil how be he ? nurse he pass away just now . phil pause for a long moment . phil what would he die of ? nurse ( shrug ) he be just old . it be he time . phil I want to see he chart . Excuse I . phil brushes past she and make for the big double door lead to triage . nurse Sir , you can not -- ( hurry after he ) look ! some people just die ! phil not on my watch . CUT to : int . diner - morning phil be prop up the old man at a table , try to feed he hot soup . CUT to : int . hospital - day phil be furiously look over x-ray , flipping through medical journal and make note . CUT to : ext . alley - night phil be in the alley , shaking the old man , try to rouse he . phil come on . hang on . hang on , there . breathe . - 106 - phil stop . the body lie , unmove . phil sit back , breathe heavily . CUT to : ext . gobbler be knob - dawn phil be deliver he report . everyone there be silent and listen to phil . even the other reporter have turn they camera on he . phil ... when chekhov see the long winter , it be a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope ; and yet , we know winter 's only one more step in the cycle . and stand among the people of punxsutawney -- ( phil look directly at rita ) -- bask in the warmth of they hearths and heart , I could not imagine a better fate than a long and lustrous winter . phil smile . rita smile , too . phil for Channel 9 news , I ' m phil connor . there be much applause . even Larry brushes away a tear . phil hand the microphone to rita . rita phil -- phil sorry . I be gonna be late . phil rush off . rita late for what ? phil ? ( to Larry ) could you break it down and wrap out of here by yourself , Larry ? larry sure . rita thanks . - 107 - rita rush off after phil . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day phil walk briskly toward a intersection , glance nervously at he watch . rita follow he at a distance , hurry to keep up . marie , a little nine - year - old girl , approach the intersection shield she brand new puppy under she winter coat . she be not pay attention to traffic and fail to notice a big truck bear down on she . as she step off the curb , phil arrive and , with split - second timing , nonchalantly but firmly grab she coat to hold she back , just as the big truck rush past in the street , narrowly miss she . phil hey ! do you forget to look both way ? you do not even look one way . marie my doggie be cold . phil yeah , well , my doggy be freezing , but I ' m still gonna watch out for car . see you around , kid . phil look at he watch and rush off . rita look on amaze and follow he at a distance . CUT to : int . berghof restaurant - day phil enter the crowded restaurant and push past all the people wait to be seat . he walk casually but quickly and purposefully around the table , squeezing past busy waitress and seat patron toward a commotion in the back of the restaurant . two businessmen be lean over a third . businessman oh , my God ! he 's have a heart attack ! second businessman Lay he down ! - 108 - businessman what do I do ? he 's not breathing1 second businessman he 's turn blue ! help ! phil walk straight up to the blue - face man , grab he from behind , get he in the heimlich grip and squeeze sharply . a bolus of food fly across the room . the victim cough and sputter , then start breathe again . first businessman Jerry , you okay ? second businessman I think that do it . phil let go of the grateful victim . phil if you be go to eat steak , get better tooth , will you ? enjoy the rest of you lunch , gent . he exit . jerry wow . who be that guy ? phil get to the door and find rita stand there , look at he in awe . phil rita ! . rita ( confronting ) - okay , hold it right there . I want to know what ' 's go on and I want to know right now . phil I be sorry , I be really press right now . meet I outside the hospital about 5:00 and we will talk about it . rita the hospital ? phil look at he watch and rush away . phil try the curlycue fries . killer . CUT to : - 109 - int . hospital corridor - later a gurney burst through the double door , paramedics and nurse in attendance . the patient be a teenage girl , janey , totally unconscious . int . emergency room - continuous the gurney be wheeled into the surgery . nurse look like insulin shock . she 's probably diabetic . phil enter wear a doctor 's scrub suit and begin bark order . phil she 's not diabetic . it 's a overdose . let 's get she up here and pump she stomach , then I want a complete blood work - up , stat . nurse R i g h t , Doctor - - uh -- she realize she 's never see he before . phil call I phil . nurse phil . like the groundhog ? phil exactly . CUT to : int . child be ward - late afternoon sick child in hospital gowns be gather around phil , laugh and squealing . phil be . make balloon animal . kid make a giraffe ! phil a giraffe ? let 's see . it 's just like a dog with a biiiii - - what be it ? all the kide neck ! - 110 - phil a big tail ? okay , a big tail . kide neck ! a big neck ! phil make a animal really quickly . rita watch from the doorway , unseen by phil . phil there . a dog with long leg . kide nooo ! Long neck ! phil oh ! right ! a dog with a big head . kide noooo ! the kid attack phil . lot of roll around on the bed . rita watch , completely enthralled . finally , phil extricate himself and exit to find rita wait . rita all right , now what 's go on ? phil ( take she arm ) come on . we have to hurry . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - a little later phil rush down the sidewalk with rita close behind he . he stop under a tree and put he arm out just as a young boy fall out of the tree and into he arm , knock he to the ground . the kid run off unhurt as phil get back to he foot and brushes himself off . phil ( to rita ) that little bastard have never thank I once . I ought to j ust let he fall . teach he a lesson . rita phil , this be too -- I must be dream . - 1 1 - 1 phil yeah , you and I both . come on , we be almost do . CUT to : ext . alley - night phil kneel on the cold ground beside the old bum who lie huddle against the wall , immobile . rita be stand by at the end of the alley , watch as phil examine he . phil write something down on a small pad . he finish , and set it down by the old man . then he take he coat and use it to cover the man up . a siren be hear . phil stand and walk away , as a ambulance pull into the alley . rita be he -- ? . ' phil yeah . let 's go . rita in a minute . she wait and watch . the paramedics , bud and andy , get out of the ambulance and inspect the scene . bud it 's ol1 really . andy that 's a shame . bud look here . Bud pick up the note phil leave . rita step closer . rita May I see that ? ( read aloud ) " every night , by cold brick glow I watch the shadow rise from this old man in the snow . at 8:02 we let it go . " - 112 - andy ( repeating ) " at 8:02 we let it go . " bud wow , that 's nice . rita hand he the note and quickly walk away . andy suppose he write it ? bud ( doubtful ) be you kid ? CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - night rita catch up with phil outside the pennsylvanian , the town 's oldest and best hotel . rita now what ? phil come on . you will see . they enter . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - continuous as phil and rita enter there be music come from a side room . the black velvet announcement board proclaim : kleiser-scott wedding . CUT to : int . party room - continuous phil and rita walk into a banquet room decorate with streamer , balloon and flower . there be a long buffet table and a punch bowl . another long table be load with wedding gift . a small band be play . people be dance . the wedding party be dress in rent tuxedo and appropriately pouffy bridesmay dress . rita this be incredible . who 's wedding be this ? - 113 - phil grab two glass of champagne and hand one to rita . phil just some friend . dorisi the bride , doris , young and cheery , be on she way to see phil . she be drag fred , she groom , with she . doris hi , Mr. connor ! come on , freddy . fred hi. doris this be the guy I tell you about . fred no way ! phil how 's it go , Fred ? fred hey , I ' d like to thank you for make doris go through with this . phil be you kid ? do not buy that play hard to get stuff . she 's crazy about you , you stud . doris I ' m really glad you could come . phil congratulation . phil reach into he pocket , pull out two ticket and hand they to doris . doris what be this ? oh , no way ! no way ! ahhh ! doris throw herself on Fred and jump up and down . Fred grab the ticket . fred wrestlemania ! no way ! no way ! doris throw herself on phil . doris how do you know ? - 114 - fred we be like go to be in Pittsburgh anyway . phil I do not know . I just think about you two , try to picture what you ' d want more than anything in the world and it come to I . Bing ! wrestlemania . fred thanks , Mr. connor . you be a real pal . doris this be the best ! doris give phil a kiss . she and Fred move on . rita I don ' t understand . you rush from one person to the next in a town you only visit once a year , you know everything before it happen , and you -- - I don ' t know , you seem to be punxsutawney ' 's lead citizen . the band finish a set . the guest stop dance and head for the refreshment . phil and rita be leave alone for the moment phil what do you want to know ? rita who be you ? phil I really do not know . rita no , there 's something go on with you . phil okay , I wake up in punxsutawney on February second -- every day . it 's supernatural . I do not even try to explain it anymore . so , I live each day as if it 's the only day I have get . rita stare into he eye for a very long time , but see only good , true thing . rita that 's pretty amazing . " - 115 - phil you want to know what 's really amazing ? I have be wait for you every day for ten thousand year . I dream of you every night of my life . you have be my constant weapon against total despair , and just know you exist have keep I alive . how 's that ? rita can not even speak . this be clearly the nicest thing anybody have ever say to anybody . Mary the piano teacher notice phil . mary phil ! ( to she friend ) this be the guy . phil hello , Mary . rita , this be one of punxsey 's finest musician . · mary give I a break . you should talk . why do not you play something ? phil N of , I -- mary please . fred hey , Mr. connor . go for it . phil look at rita . she nod and shrug . phil walk up to the platform and sit at the piano . he begin to play a slow , serious , classical piece . everyone fall silent . it 's so beautiful , rita be almost in tear . then , after a pause to let the serious note sink in , phil transform the piece into a fast , lively , upbeat jazz romp . everyone be delighted , and as the rest of the band kick in , everyone grab a partner and begin to dance . a old coot , uncle leo , grab rita and the two of they dance up a storm . leo that 's a great guy you have get there . Doctor connor fix my back , you know . - - 116 - rita do ctor connor ? rit a look over at phil , joyously play the piano . CUT to : ext . STREET - night it be snow lightly . phil and rita be walk slowly , arm in arm , close . they stop and embrace . phil look at rita . she look like a angel . phil wait ! do not move ! phil scoops up some snow and begin pack it down , furiously , joyously , then roll it into a large ball . rita make a snow man ? I will help . phil no , stay there . stand right th ere . ph il lift the now larger chunk of pack snow and set it on a mailbox . then he look at she , and start to sculpt it . dissolve to : later phil be use a stick and the heat of he bare hand to model a delicate fold in the snow sculpture . several bystander look of n with interest as phil stand back from he work . rita can I look ? phil o kay , look . it be a excellent likeness of rita , the snow white as alabaster , pure as marble , a beautiful and delicate homage . rita ( overwhelmed ) nobody 's ever do this for I . not even a draw . it 's beautiful . - 117 - phil this be how I see you . when it all get too much , I just close my eye and there you be -- just like this . take it home and keep it in the freezer . rita embrace phil . they be about to kiss , look deep into each other eye . phil this one 's for the frog Prince . rita what ? phil nothing . they kiss -- a long , deep , soul-stirring kiss . phil will you come with I ? rita nod . they continue stand there , embrace , warming each other in the cold night air . rita ( look back at the ice sculpture ) we be just go to leave she ? phil it do not matter . really , it do not . they kiss again . CUT to : close up - the clock the digital clock -radio change from 5:59 to 6:00 . silence . no sonny and cher , no deejay -- nothing . phil sit up in bed . he look around the room . thing be different , messier . then he see the cover move . Wide -ey now , he look over and see rita waking up , snuggling deep under the cover . phil ( disbelieving ) it 's not true . it 's not . it can not be true . rita ? rita ! - 118 - rita ( stretching luxuriously ) mmmm. Morning . phil pounce on rita , shower she with kiss . phil you be here ! my god ! I can not believe you be here ! rita glad to see you , too . phil no ! it 's happen . do not you get it ? it 's tomorrow ! it 's -- phil turn on the radio . deejay . . . still shoveling put the highway , but if you be walk , it 's a beautiful day . S idekick yeah , the snow kind of clean e have be yt h in g up -- deejay -- except you mouth . phil kiss the radio . phil I love that guy . rita be you always this jolly in the morning ? phil run to the window and look out . he Pov - the STREET the street ; be virtually empty , the town just waking up . kid be throw snowballs . phil no groundhog ! rita ! they be all go ! rita you must have have some dream . phil stop , think . - 1 1 9 - phil do I just dream it ? phil open the door and run into the hallway wear only pajama bottom . rita phi l? phil ! rita sit up in bed and wait . suddenly , from somewhere else in the inn come the sound of phil at the piano expertly play a difficult classical piece . he stop after a few bar . phil ( o.c. ) yeah !!!! phil run back into the room . phil it really happen ! you be really here ! he pounce on rita again . phil you be really actually here . rita ( laughing ) I be here , I be here ! they kiss , passionately , hungrily . phil let 's go ! he scoops she up in he arm . rita where be we go ? phil anywhere ! everywhere ! CUT to : int . breakfast room - later phil and rita , dress now , enter and encounter Mrs. lancaster phil hug she . mrs . lancaster oh , my ! - 120 - phil Florence ! say hello to rita . she love I . mrs . lancaster I be not surprised . he kiss she on the cheek and rush out with rita . ext . the STREET - day phil and rita walk down Main Street hand in hand . a man phil ! good morning ! a lady Mr. connor . I want to thank you . phil that 's all right . I -- a florist step out of the flower shop with a bouquet . florist phil , here . I want you to have this . phil thanks , Carl . phil smell the flower , and hand the bouquet to rita . phil ( v.o. ) and so begin my final lifetime , and end the longest winter on record . I would find myself no longer able to affect the chain of event in this town , but I do learn something about time . you can waste time , you can kill time , you can do time , but if you use it wisely , there 's never enough of it . so you would better make the most of the time you have get . a car skid on the ice and smashes into a tree . phil and rita rush over to help , but the driver wave that he 's okay . rita and phil continue they walk . - 121 - phil ( v.o. ) Larry never get through the blizzard , so none of my groundhog report ever make it on the air . but rita and I - - we live happily ever after . phil and rita walk off together . across the street , Larry be try to get rid of ned ryerson who be doggedly try to sell he insurance . ned but phil tell I you be he accountant ! larry look , I tell you ! he 's nut ! Larry keep try to walk away , but ned will not leave he alone . ned let I just tell you about single premium life -- finally , Larry slug ned and storm off , leave ned floundering in a snowbank . phil and rita walk on as we pull up and away from Main Street revealing the whole of punxsutawney and the snowy countryside that embrace it . the end