croupier a screenplay by Paul mayersberg shoot script fade in : int . casino - night a roulette table . the punter place they bet . twelve player , nine man , three woman . the face of the man , all age , intense , hopeful , fearful . which of they be jack ? jack voice now he have become the still centre of that spin wheel of misfortune . a man be hand spin the wheel . the ball be throw against the spin . hand , face , chip ... jack voice the world turn round he ... leave he miraculously untouched the little white ball circle the spin wheel . the punter be face as the ball start to bounce . all eye be on the bounce ball . jack voice the croupier have reach he goal . he no longer hear the sound of the ball . the back of the croupier be hand , he slicked - back short hair , razor cut . the camera move around to he face ... jack voice to begin with he be Jack manfre ... whistling sound take Jack back in time . int . publisher's office - day jack be walk through a maze of open- plan partition office . he ls casually but fashionably dress , hair dyed blond long , a nervous elegance about he , almost unrecognisable from the croupier 's face . he search for the right office . he find it . the name on the open be gile cremorne . int . gile ' office - day gile cremorne , a public schoolboy in he late twenty come forward and vigorously shake jack be hand . jacketless , he wear yellow brace . next to he tidy desk be a slot machine . gile take a pew , Jack . you look well . what 's it be , two year since we break bread ? gile have a upper-class accent , but a acquire street manner . jack Three year , two month . March ' 93 . gile what a memory you have get . math always be you strong suit . what happen to the moan Lisa ? jack she go back to South Africa . gile ( digging ) do she ? ( smile ) you be pretty thick at one time . jack we all play the field . gile frown at a memory , a implication . gile be mobile phone buzze . he pick up . gile hi-ya ... I will call you back . ( to Jack ) now then ... jack ( suddenly ) I want a job , gile . gile ( cautiously ) all right . as what ? jack I be think perhaps I could be a reader . you employ reader , do not you ? gile we do . for unsolicite manuscript . we pay twenty pound a manuscript . you might get two , maybe three in a week . can you live on sixty pound ? jack open a pack of gitane . gile sorry . this be a no-smok office , Jack . you have write a book , have not you ? I do not read it myself , but -- a woman secretary put she head into the office . gile give I ten minute , Fiona . fiona put a fax on gile be desk , smile at jack , and go . gile Fiona use to read for I . he wink at jack . gile let I tell you about we operation . we like personality author . people the public recognise . celebrity 's what sell book . we can always find someone to do the write . first , we need the face . then the concept . ( he be read the fax ) right now I be look for a soccer novel . something where a tycoon busy a lousy team and take it to the top . Seven figure transfer fee . corruption all down the line . violence on and off the pitch . steroid . get any concept ? it could be a thug story . I tell you what . why do not you think about it . a couple of page . the pitch . steroid . get any concept ? it could be a thug story . I tell you what . why do not you think about it . a couple of page . ( smile ) with plenty of sex , of course . gile pop a coin into the slot machine , pull the handle , wait . jack interesting , gile . I will think about it . the machine spit out several coin . gile take they . gile let I give you three word of advice , Jack . do not give up . stick with it . who persist win . that 's my motto . write , write , write . jack nod , extend he hand . a firm handshake . jack voice Jack have three word for , gile . go fuck yourself . meeting over . gile smile goodbye , pocket he slot machine winning . int . jack basement flat - sitting room - day the untidy evidence . to the accompaniment of the music , a discordant version , three dog -ear copy of ' the invention of the wheel ' , a novel by jack manfred . worn furniture . a pile of literary magazine . two elegantly arrange vase of flower . woman 's fashion magazine . book everywhere , include ' Scarne on gambling ' , ' the Education of a poker player ' , ' Delta of venus ' and other book by anais nin . a woman 's dress , back from the cleaner . a frame etching of cape town , South Africa , in the eighteenth century . finally ... beneath the iron bar window , with a view of the iron step down from the street , jack sit at the dining table . in front of he be a word processor . he toy with a glass of vodka , smoking a gitane , and leaf through a soccer fan magazine . he start to touch - type , look at the screen , not the keyboard . word appear , letter by letter ... the ball ... a novel ... by jack manfred . he pause to drink . ext . phone booth - day a man , face unseen , step into a phone booth . close on : he hand . it be impossible to tell where he be . he open he pocket book , address , diary etc. , and search through for something . ext . phone booth - day he find what he 's look for : a small photograph , among other of girl , of a ten year - old boy in school uniform . on the back be three phone number , two of they cross out . the man lift the receiver , insert coin . he start to press the number . there be close - ups of he finger press the sequence of digit , each one closer , longer than the one before , until ... int . jack sitting room - day the phone ring . jack look to the answer machine , wait for the voice . man' voice jacko , if you be there , pick up . I want to talk to you . it 's important . jack hesitates , then pick up . jack dad , I be here . ext . phone booth - day the man be handsome , tan , 50ish , white shirt , dark tie . he be jack be father . jack sr . how 's it go ? the subsequent conversation be intercut between sitting room and phone booth . jack great . jack sr . found a job ? jack no . jack sr . well I have get something for you . in London , I mean . I have be chat to some friend . do you know the Golden lion casino ? it 's in bayswater , I believe ... they be look for a dealer , a croupier . jack sr pull out a cigarette - a gitane . jack that 's not what I want to do , dad . jack stub he cigarette out . jack sr. ( lighting he cigarette ) do not be stubborn . the pay will not be grand , but it 's regular . that 's what you need , be not it ? I know you do not like take my advice ... jack ( drink ) it 's not that . jack sr . I have set this up for you . call the Golden lion and ask for Mr reynold , he 's the manager . I do not know he personally , but I have speak to he boss . do not say no , jacko . give yourself a break . jack reach for a cigarette . jack all right , I will think about it . I will not . Goodbye , dad . jack sr . just do it . you have get the knack , you have get the personality , you get that from I . jack light up . jack sr . you understand the punter . think about it , you can write during the day and sleep know the bill be pay . as he speak , he watch pass women . jack sr . for Christ 's sake , jacko , do not look a gift horse in the mouth . have you write that name down ? reynold , at the Golden lion . ( exhales ) jack ( exhales ) all right , dad . yes , I will call he . jack be not enthusiastic , but he scribbles the name down on a pad . jack so how be you do , dad ? jack sr . great . I have just start a new company . solid financing . it 's good . ( pause ) I love you jacko , you know that jack yes , I know that . jack sr . do not let yourself down . jack I will not . Goodbye , dad . jack hang up . int . phone booth - day stub out he cigarette , jack sr . leave the booth . we now see where he be . a beach bar in South Africa . he walk to the bar and .... go behind it , slip on he barman 's jacket . a woman in dark mirror glass and a bathing suit be wait . jack sr. ( smile ) sorry to keep you . what will you have ? int . jack sitting room - day jack , disturb by the call , pour himself a vodka . he look at what he 's write : ' the ball ... a novel by ... jack manfred . ' jack voice Jack know something be wrong . he would forget gile ' advice . gile say three word . jack insert a word in the title . it now read : ' on the ball ' . jack drink . after a moment ... jack voice jack voice no . Jack know it still be not quite right ... he type : ' in the ball ' . then , on reflection , delete ' in the ' . through the iron bar jack watch foot pass on the street above . a drunk drop a beer can over . the can fall in slow motion but the clatter be loud . drunkss voice I want to fuck the whole world over . int . casino - day reception area . the camera turn around the fake glitz of the interior : brass , drape , polished wood , mirror , and move towards the front door . jack voice welcome back Jack ... to the house of addiction . the door open . against a blaze of street daylight , jack be silhouette appear . the camera move forward to greet he . jack remove he wristwatch . int . casino - manager' office - day jack shake hand with david reynold , a cold man in he late forty , dead behind the eye . reynold David reynold , I be the manager here . sit down , John . jack Jack . reynold examine a file in front of he . reynold you have be recommend by the management here . they know you father . he have a bit of a reputation , have not he ? jack ( frown ) have he ? reynold in any case , I understand you have have some previous experience ... in South Africa . ( Jack nod ) you will find the rule a little different here . before we start , you have not get a police record , have you ? jack no . reynold open the door . he let jack go on ahead . reynold where do you go to school ? jack ( surpise ) I be at beadle . reynold I do not think I know that one . private , I suppose . int . casino - hall - day the full overhead light give the casino a expose , tacky appearance , devoid of mystery or glamour . the place have roulette table and blackjack counter . it be desert except for several cleaning lady , vacuume , empty ashtray . reynold walk with jack , talk . reynold there be three type of casino in the U.K. High volume . small faction . and motr . that 's middle of the road . we . jack do you have a salon prive ? reynold we try . but there be not enough business . the punter like company . reynold go to one of the table with jack . reynold let 's see you handle the chip . he slide open a box and tip 200 chip of vary denomination onto the table . jack I have to assume the serial number on the bowl and cylinder correspond . reynold we check every four day . jack why four ? and not three or five ? reynold ( shrug ) it 's the procedure here . now sort the chip . jack start to stack the chip in pile from a hundred pound to five . reynold watch . jack be finger work fast . in a matter of moment he have the lot stack . jack stack of 20 . row of 5 . reynold any exception ? jack 25 pound or 25 pence in four . reynold give I 365 . he press a stopwatch in he hand . jack quickly set out four neat pile , three of 100 , one of 65 . all four pile be in denomination of ten and five . reynold very good . now take this colour ... he throw a pile of blue and white chip on the table . the blue be 10 , the white be 5 . reynold I want 780 , but I want 500 in denomination of 25 . jack nod and get to work . his finger make reynold 's tick watch seem slow . reynold ( impressed ) very good . int . casino - day now at a roulette table , reynold have prepare the bet for fifteen punter . it 's a set - up to test Jack 's style and concentration . reynold give jack the white ball . jack you use two alternate , do not you ? reynold we do. ( hand he a second ball ) jack ( hesitates ) where 's the magnet ? reynold they have be test . jack spin the wheel , throw the ball against the turn . jack no more bet . as the ball begin to bounce , but before it stop , reynold turn to a cleaning lady who 's empty some ashtray nearby . reynold could you stop that for a minute ? the woman look up , surprised . jack watch , then catch sight of reynold surreptitiously move a chip onto the third line . jack I be sorry , sir , I have call no more bet . jack reach across , take the chip and put it on the wood ground the wheel . reynold nod approvingly . the ball stop . jack 23 red. odd . he now rake away the loser ' chip and pay out the smallest first , before get to the major pay - out on 23 . it 's all very efficient and speedy . reynold be increasingly impressed . reynold have not you forget something ? jack ( think ) I do not think so . reynold wipe you hand . jack take out a handkerchief . reynold not with you own cloth . besides , you pocket will be stitched . jack what happen if I want to sneeze ? reynold you will not . not without permission . jack laugh . reynold smile . they like each other . reynold Fine . now let 's move on . int . casino - day a blackjack table . jack be turn card over for five punter in a arc . reynold be move from one chair to the next play each of the five hand . reynold how many ace be leave ? jack five . reynold I make it six . jack five . reynold look down at the table . reynold what make you so sure ? jack it 's a rule . always stand by you first count . the odd be you be right . reynold good call . jack pull out the shoe . jack you want I to check ? reynold ( irritably ) I say good call . reynold walk away . jack put the shoe back . he take he watch out of he pocket , glance at it . jack voice it have take he 45 minute , but Jack now have Mr reynold 's number . the man could not count . int . casino - office - day back in the office reynold be talk to jack . on reynold be desk be a frame photograph of he suburban wife and two kid . reynold let I just run through a few thing . as a dealer you never gamble , not anywhere . we will need you picture . jack what for ? reynold for the database . it can be access by every casino in the country . we have the same system for punter . jack I do not gamble . reynold ever ? jack I do not gamble , Mr reynold . reynold do not pursue it . reynold next point . friendship between croupier inside or outside the casino be discourage . Relationships with female work here be expressly forbidden . jack we have the same rule at Sun City , but it be impossible to check . reynold this be not South Africa . we would know , because someone would report it . believe I , someone always do . jack do know ? or do report ? what would happen if I know something like that and do not report it ? reynold we would know . there be no secret in this casino . you would be punish . jack how ? reynold first offence : verbal warning . second offence : write warning . that one 's file and sometimes copy to the Gaming board . my discretion . third offence : you be sack on the spot . you would never work in a casino in this country again . there 's another rule : you be forbidden to talk to or recognise a punter outside the casino . if you see someone who 's gamble here , even if it 's just casually on the street , you must ignore he . or she . you be not marry , be you ? jack shake he head reynold girlfriend ? jack yes . reynold she 's not in the game business be she ? jack no . int . casino - " crow' nest " - day a cctv Centre over the casino . jack cross the room , look down through a glass floor at the empty casino below . reynold walk over to a series of twenty or more bank tv monitor with many video 8 tape deck . reynold this be we crow 's nest . I be show it to you now , but you will never see it again . jack very impressive . reynold we have tape in here that go back six month . let I show you something . reynold press a button . together they look at a tv monitor which show a overlook of a roulette table where a woman be cheating . reynold freeze the frame . reynold see that ? that be six week ago . the dealer miss it . the guy up here miss it , but I watch this tape after hour . nothing get by I . now the lady 's in jail . it 's easier to take ten million pound from a bank than take one penny from this casino . int . casino - manager' office - day again in the office . reynold extend he hand . jack shake it . reynold you can start Monday week . jack Fine . reynold that hair will have to go . jack Fine . pause . reynold be you plan to make a career in casino work ? jack voice and end up like you ? jack I just want the job . reynold Jack , you be not the usual type we get here . jack voice Mr reynold be right . it be true . Jack be up above the world . a artist , live in the cloud . look down . a high angle shot of the office , jack and reynold . the phone ring . reynold Excuse I ... reynold pick up and listen . the camera descend . reynold I can not talk about this now ... no , I be with somebody . they can wait ! I will be home at the usual time ... all right , I will call you back in a hour ... ( hang up ) do not ever get marry , Jack . casino work do not mix with house and garden . any question ? the camera reach a low angle on jack , look up . jack yes . what 's the salary ? ext . car - street - twilight the street lamp have come on . jack be at the wheel of a sixty austin- healey . jack voice the casino pay its staff monthly in arrears . he would have to wait six week for he first cheque . he need money now . ext . used car lot - twilight under a canopy of coloured light a car dealer be walk round jack 's car , examine it . dealer ( fake american accent ) what kind of deal you look to ? jack what 's the Blue Book price ? dealer that 's not relevant . a old car like this , it depend on the condition . jack voice the car be a gift from Jack 's father . that 's to say , Jack senior have give it to he before the bailiff arrive . the dealer pick at the crack leather seat , the protrude stuff , the chip dashboard , the rust . dealer this be not exactly what you would call mint . he bend down and look underneath the car . jack how about fifteen hundred ? dealer how about five hundred . jack what ?! dealer how about we split the diff ... seven-fifty . jack be that you idea of arithmetic ? dealer I be not a mathematician . I be in business . jack eight-fifty . dealer seven-fifty . the dealer look at jack . jack stare back . it 's as if one be wait for the other to blink first . neither blink . jack voice he suddenly want to be rid of it . ' hang on tightly , let go lightly ' . it be a say Jack remember . jack lean into the open car and take out he hat and cigarettes . he have accept the offer . the music begin ... int . underground - night ... and continue . jack stand , with a unlit cigarette , in a crowded move train . he look at the face , men and women . he see people read book . he look at the title : romantic fiction , classics , Business management , thrillers , self -help , cook .... jack voice Jack imagine people read he book . one day he would enter they head , play with they imagination , test they feeling ... ext . STREET - night jack cross the road . he turn down a side street where victorian house have be convert into flat . there be score of ' for sale ' and ' to let ' sign down the street . jack voice he would tell they you have to make a choice in life . be a gambler or a croupier . and then live with you decision come what may . he go down into a basement , close the iron gate behind he . int . jack basement flat - night jack unlock the door , go in , to the accompaniment of street sound and a dog bark . jack voice marion see life differently . she be a romantic . and think he be too . int . jack flat - night Radio music be play from another room . a orchestral version of ' try a Little tenderness ' . jack come in , hang he hat up , look around . he see a neatly arrange vase of flower that be not there before . he go to the bedroom . int . bedroom - night jack see on the bed , a open box and a carrier bag from a designer department store . among the white tissue paper be a simple black silk dress and lace - decorate black underwear . he smile and pick up the knicker . he go to the open bathroom door , from which come the music . int . bathroom - night a radio play beside the bath . the water be drain away . marion neil , a red-haire woman in she mid-thirty , wear a bathrobe with the name marion on it be examine the line on she neck in the half - steam bathroom mirror . she see jack , turn with a smile . jack hold up the black knicker . marion I could not resist they . jack you mean I will not resist they . jack go to she . marion no , no . I be not ready for you . there 's some vodka in the freezer . jack you want I drunk ? marion ( laugh ) I will not be that long . she push he gently with the flat of she palm towards the door . int . bedroom - night jack come back into the bedroom . marion push the bathroom door , not quite close . jack toss the knicker onto the bed . int . kitchen - night jack take the vodka bottle out of the freezer , pour himself a glass . he see two bottle of wine open , food neatly prepare , ready to cook , a open cook book . he pour a glass of wine . int . sitting room - night jack sit drink he vodka . look up through the bar window he see woman 's leg pass on the street above . on the desk beside the computer be the glass of wine . marion materialise in the door to the bedroom . she be make up , wear the black dress and high -heeled black shoe , a black scarf around she neck . jack take the glass of wine and give it to she . jack you really be a beautiful woman . marion ( pleased ) it 's not just inner beauty , be it ? jack turn around . marion whirl to show off she dress . jack you be all I desire . he reach for a envelope on the desk . he give it to she . marion open it . there be several fifty pound note inside . marion where do you get it ? jack i. sell the car . marion you should not have do that . I know what it mean to you . jack I owe you for the rent . it 's only a car . I can get another . marion take it back . till you sell you book . jack come on , marion . let 's face the truth . nobody 's go to publish it . marion of course they will . you just have to be patient . I be betting on you . she raise the glass of wine , drink . jack I be not much of a bet . he drain he glass . marion you be to I . she take she scarf , put it round he neck , pull he seductively towards the bedroom door . marion come into my world . she wind the black scarf across he face , cover he eye . marion ( whisper ) you be my prisoner . jack I have get something to tell you . marion I want to hear it . jack I have get a job . marion ( startle ) what job ? marion pull the scarf from he eye . she want to look at he . jack in a casino . as a croupier . a dealer . marion how do you land that ? jack it come my way . 450 a week . marion ( sit up ) 450 ? what do you do , just walk in and say I want to be a croupier ? do not you need training ? jack I have training . in the Republic . marion you be a croupier there ? you never tell I that . I think you just know some gambler . jack I start Monday week . from the street come the whining sound of a car alarm . marion 450 a week . I have never earn that in my life . you be a enigma , you be . a fuck enigma . jack voice not a enigma , just a contradiction . marion look deeply into he eye . marion you sell the car . you get a job . what 's the third thing ? tell I . jack there 's no third thing . do not be superstitious . marion I love you Jack , you know that . jack voice and he half - love marion . and she know that too . outside , the car alarm stop . jack take marion be head in he hand . she reach for one of they , examine it . jack be you try to read my palm ? marion you have get such beautiful hand . jack voice the hand of a conjuror , a woman have tell he once . or a card sharp . they hand interlock . she lead he into the bedroom . int . nail studio - day jack be hand be be work on by a woman manicurist . manicurist what line of work be you in ? jack I be a undertaker . manicurist really ? the manicurist stop for a moment , look at he with curiosity . int . barber shop - day a barber be cut jack be hair . he go up jack be neck with electric clipper . Jack 's hair be now black . barber do you work round here ? jack my office be in shanghai . barber ( surprised ) what do you do ? jack I be a arm dealer . the barber stop for a moment , nonpluss . int . casino - changing room - day in front of the mirror jack button a white shirt and skillfully tie a black bow tie . his short hair be lacquer back . he reach down for he black jacket ... put it on . the transformation be complete . as he scrub he nail , jack see a woman in the mirror . she be change she clothes . she pull off she indian cotton dress . she 's wear pants but no bra . quite unselfconsciously , not look Jack 's way , she dress in she casino clothes . jack dry he hand . he turn . the woman smile at he . bella I be Bella . jack Jack manfre . bella hi , jack. ( fit herself into the uplift bra ) welcome to the cesspit . jack be it that bad ? bella ( start to do up she top ) how do I look ? jack voice like trouble , Bella . you look fine . bella the punter love it . tit in uniform . she laugh . int . casino - roulette table - night jack appear at the head of the table . the punter look at he , not recognise he . jack voice the usual bunch . they do not know Jack , but he know they . jack good evening , lady and gentleman . a fat indian punter address jack . indian where 's the other fellow ? where 's geoff ? jack he do not work here any more . indian well , let 's hope you know you job . a middle - aged woman try to look as young as possible throw 100 pound in cash to jack . woman ten , please . she turn to the woman next to she , who look very similar . woman 2 perhaps this man will bring we luck . the woman have sense she friend 's interest in jack . she 's jealous . woman ( to Jack ) what 's that aftershave you be wear ? jack voice never converse with the punter . it slow thing down . speed be volume , and volume be profit for the casino . aim at twenty spin a hour . jack pretend he have not hear the question . in the background reynold be watch as jack spin the wheel . jack last bet , please . int . casino - roulette table - night later . a plastic-look blonde woman , heavily make - up , sit at the table . she nod to jack . punter be place they bet . she have 50 casino chip of £ 100 denomination in front of she . jack note the large sum . the blonde put £ 2,500 on red and £ 2,500 on black . punter round the table be astonished at the size of the bet and the strangeness of betting both red and black . jack spin the wheel . Black 10 come up . jack take the red loss and move it across the table to the black win . the blonde pick up the £ 5,000 without a reaction and leave the table . jack notice that she go straight to the cashier 's desk . jack clear the chip away , start to pay out . a white - haire man on jack 's right speak to he : man you be new here . you will get use to Madame Claude . she come in once or twice a week and do that . jack nod . jack voice he know the scam . come in with five grand cash . no question ask . launder it by get a casino cheque when you cash in . Jack wonder why Mr reynold permit it ? after all there 's be no profit in it for the casino . or be there ? int . casino - roulette table - night later . a different set of punter . the wheel spin . a greek man sit at the table . he do not attempt to bet . he look around to see a croupier in he late 20' wait to replace jack at the wheel . this be matt . he give jack a curious complicitous smile . jack collect the chip and pay out . jack thank you very much , lady and gentleman . I be go to hand you over now to my colleague . goodnight . matt take over . matt good evening , lady and gentleman . reynold appear and take jack be arm . reynold ( quietly ) good work , Jack . you handle yourself well . at the table , matt glance at the greek man . int . casino - blackjack table - night jack be now deal to five punter . he have a 10 and a 5 expose for the house . two player go bust . one player stick on 19 , the next on 20 . the last player busy a card for 21 . jack turn over a ace for the house . he twist again . it 's a 5 - make 21 . the two lose player groan . the last player be pay even for equalling the house . one of the player who 's go bust get up , have lose all he chip , and leave . jack voice suddenly a delay wave of elation come over he . int . casino - night across the casino a Oriental man , mr tchai , be walk towards the table with reynold . behind he be a 6 foot 5 bulg bodyguard . reynold come up to jack 's table . reynold why do not you take a break , Jack . jack ( puzzle ) all right , Mr reynold . he move he chair back , nod at the remain player . mr tchai sit down , watch by the bodyguard . bella come up , smile sweetly , and take over from jack . bella good evening , Mr tchai . mr tchai good evening . tchai pull out a seal bank packet of £ 5,000 . reynold enjoy yourself , Mr tchai . reynold wave to a waitress who come over . waitress ( to Mr tchai ) you usual , sir ? tchai nod . he hand she a £ 50 note . waitress thank you , sir . enjoy you game . jack voice £ 50 for a diet Coke . Waitress be the true winner in the casino . they be the only member of staff allow to accept tip . on a good night they could get between £ 200 and £ 300 . the waitress go . the other player at the table look at mr tchai , wonder who he be . int . casino - night reynold walk with jack across the casino . reynold Mr tchai always like to play at that table , and only with Bella . jack do he win ? reynold ( smile ) he 's a good customer . jack voice a good customer be a consistent loser . be that what Mr reynold mean ? int . casino - changing room - night jack be change into he street clothes . the young croupier matt come up to he . matt where do you live , Jack ? jack over the river . matt have you get transport ? jack shake he head . matt I be go over the river . I will give you a lift if you like . jack thanks . int . BMW - night matt put the car into gear , drive off , jack sit beside he . matt so how do you feel , you first night ? I will bet you be on a high . jack Nice car . matt she 's my baby . jack how long have you work at the casino ? matt come up to two year now . ( mysteriously ) but I be away for six month . jack you have do pretty well . matt ( smugly ) not bad . I have other interest , of course . matt spin the car round a corner . matt I be off to a little water hole . why do not you join I ? relax . jack no thanks , Matt . I need my eight hour . matt I will lay you five to one you will not sleep . in this job you have to unwind . otherwise it will kill you . I mean that . jack some other time . int . flat - kitchen - night jack pour himself a vodka , smoking a cigarette . int . bedroom - night jack start to take he clothes off . marion be asleep in bed . she wake . marion what 's the time ? jack I do not know . clock beside the bed read 4.30 . marion how do it go ? jack Fine . he get into bed beside she . she take he in she arm . marion you be shaking . what be it ? jack tension . it will go . marion poor baby . this will relax you . she start to massage he neck , he hair . marion I love it blond . jack it 's only hair . I have not change . int . bedroom - day marion be dress in a suit , prepare to leave . she throw she nightgown into a laundry basket . jack be asleep . she bend to kiss he . he wake . marion when you get home , I be asleep . when I leave home , you be asleep . jack ( dreamily ) I will see you in my dream . int . sitting room - day marion drop a set of key into she bag , glance at jack be cover computer . she draw the curtain back . daylight illuminate the old etching of cape town . int . casino - night jani do villier be 30 - something , blonde , tan , expensively dress in designer clothes . she give jack ten £ 50 note . jani in 20 , please ... he slot the cash into the " bank " beneath the table , then count out £ 500 in £ 20 chip . he slide the chip towards she , look at she . she smile . there be ten other people at the roulette table . a arabic - looking man with a moustache behind jani be look down the front of she dress . jack ( frown ) place you bet . around the table the punter move they chip onto number , line , colour . jani throw three chip to jack and call the number : jani 5 ...8... 11 . jack place they for she . jack voice Jack could see this woman be a experience gambler . professional always place they bet through the croupier . that way there be no comeback . the wheel spin , 11 be the number . jack call the number and put the ' dolly ' on 11 . jani smile faintly . jack pay out across the table . jani leave two chip on 11 the man behind jani put he chip on 11 . jani glance up at he . she see the man be betting with she . jack spin the wheel again . 33 come up . int . casino - roulette table - night jani bet again on number 11 . the man follow suit . the wheel spin . jack watch the table . jani glance at he . the man move closer to the table to one side of jani . conceal in he hand be a chip . as the ball bounce round and land again on number 11 , the man deftly add the chip to the square . jack clock it . jack I be sorry , sir , that 's a late bet . man ( in Arabic accent ) what be you talk about ? it 's 11 , I have win . with this lady . jack ( carefully ) you have win with the two chip you place earlier , but the third chip be a late bet . man I put they on together . jack I be afraid that 's not so , sir . reynold , who have be watch the table , see the beginning of a incident . he come over . the man be get angry . jani watch . man now look here , you ... reynold be there a problem , sir ? man yes . this croupier be accuse I of cheating . jack it be a late bet . this gentleman have be follow the lady 's number and ... the man interrupt jack and touch jani 's arm . man ( to jani ) do you think I cheat ? jack and reynold wait . jack glance at jani . jani in my opinion ... it be a late bet . reynold I think we should talk about this , sir . away from the table . man ( angrily ) no. I win . I want to be pay . he bang he fist on the feel . jack wait for reynold be decision . reynold look at jack . reynold pay the gentleman . in full . reynold step back , jack pay out jani and the man . the man take he winning . he look at jack with hatred , then leave the table . reynold watch he , look to jack and nod . jani collect she winning and throw two chip to jack . she stand up to leave . jack I be sorry , madam , we do not accept gratuity in the UK . it 's different in South Africa . jani ( surprised ) you know where I be from ? jack nod and give she back the two chip . jack I have live there . jani ( sweetly ) well , thank you anyway . jack watch she leave . jack voice Bright woman , he think . she know the rule of gold . quit when you be ahead . jani head towards the cashier . jack see reynold argue with the irate arabic man near the entrance . he look back to the table . jack place you bet . on he way out the arabic man look towards jack and make a occult sign with he hand . int . casino - night it be late . there be few punter leave at the table . jack tidy up he table , which be next to matt 's . he look across at matt and see the greek man who be at the table the first night when matt take over . the greek win on a number . matt clear the table and count out the greek winning , quickly and efficiently . jack stiffen . he see that something be wrong . matt move pile of chip across to the greek , who do not look up . jack glance in the direction of the hide video camera and the crow ' nest . reynold be in the back -ground , have see nothing untoward . jack watch the greek pick up he winning and leave . int . BMW - night again matt be drive jack home . jack ( hesitantly ) look Matt , there 's something I have to say to you . I see you cheating . matt ( violently ) what the fuck be you talk about ? jack that Greek guy who win at the end . you pay he out in 25s not 20 . matt ( angry ) I do not cheat , Jack . you have get it wrong . jack I be not go to report it . matt slam on the brake . the car come to a abrupt stop . matt turn to jack , furious . matt what be you , a cop ? jack if I see you do it again , I will report it . matt I do not get you . even if it be true , which it be not , what the fuck difference would it make to you ? jack because if a supervisor know I would see you and I have not report it , I would lose my job as well . and I can not afford that . matt so it 's Mr clean . Wise up , Jack , this whole business be bent . the casino be nothing but legal theft . and that 's ok . it 's the system . half the punter who come in be use steal money , drug money , they have not earn it . we earn we money . ( soften ) I be on you side , Jack . I do not need a enemy . jack you be talk about complicity . matt I do not know what that mean . I be talk about not rock the boat . matt hold out he hand for jack . jack shake it . matt grin . matt ok , now let 's unwind . he put the car into gear and drive off . jack voice Matt be a escape artist . like Jack 's father . ext . greek restaurant - night matt 's car pull up in the parking lot at the back of the restaurant . he and jack get out of the car and go through the open kitchen door . int . greek restaurant - kitchen - night the kitchen be full of people , some involved in cooking , some stand around smoking and drink , mostly Greek . matt hey , andros ! he shake hand with a guy who look like the owner . matt this be Jack . jack shake hand too . they cross the kitchen and go through a bead curtain . pipe Greek music be play . int . restaurant - dine room - night a smoke - fill private dining room . there be a poker game in progress . five men be play , a dozen girl be dot about watch . there be a trestle table laden with Greek food , from stew to salad , buffet-style . a improvise bar with ouzo , vodka and wine . it 's help - yourself . jack who be this guy ? matt mostly people in the casino business . a few drug dealer . jack and the girl ? matt just girl . what be you drink ? jack vodka . straight . on the rock . matt good call . help yourself . jack pour himself a vodka , scoops up some ice with he hand from a bucket . Cloud of smoke envelop he . the noise be close to deafen . jack do Bella come here ? matt that bitch ? no. int . restaurant - dine room - night the poker game . a man with fair hair get up , kiss a girl whose dress be a bathing suit , put he arm round she and they wander off . matt be at the table . jack be replenishing he vodka . matt hey Jack , join we . jack no thanks . matt ( laugh ) do not worry , I will not report you ! jack I do not gamble . girl appear behind jack 's shoulder . girl you do not gamble , but do you smoke ? the girl have a joint in she over-ringed hand . she be dress in purple indian cotton . jack sometimes . girl ( hand he the smoking joint ) how about now ? she blow smoke in he face . jack drain he vodka , pour himself another . int . restaurant - lavatory - night jack come into the gent , another smoke - fill room . Three or four men be argue over a drug deal , stand in front of the urinal . one of they have a envelope full of cash , another a packet of drug . jack go to a lavatory stall , open the door . in the stall the fair- haire man who be at Matt 's table be sit on the lavatory , he trousers round he ankle . the girl in the bathing suit be sit on he thigh , bob up and down . jack see a butterfly tattoo on she leave cheek , the Queen of spade . jack voice marion . I be on my way ... int . restaurant - dine room - night jack put he arm on matt 's shoulder at the poker table . jack I be off . I need to sleep . matt loosen up , Jack . if you do not , this job will get to you . the pressure 's too much , believe I , it will break you . jack " the world break everyone , and afterwards many be strong in the break place . " Ernest hemingway . jack turn and leave , help himself to another drink . matt be not he the one who shot himself ? int . jack live room - night jack come to the flat . he be drunk . he start across the dark room . suddenly the light come on . jack turn to see marion , sit in a chair in she night - dress . marion where have you be ? I have get to give evidence in court at nine . jack do not play the cop with I , marion . marion take that back ! ( furious ) Fucking take that back . I be not a cop any more . jack I take it back . you be not a cop any more . you be a store detective . marion be you drunk ? jack probably . marion this fuck job 's get to you . you have not write a fuck word since you start . jack do you have to swear all the time ? marion ( hurt ) well , that 's my poor upbringing . I do not go to no private school . I have not get no class . I want to live with a writer . not a fuck croupier . I do not even know what the word mean . croupier . jack marion , stop this . marion ( near to tear ) what do I mean to you ? I want to know . tell I . there be a pause . jack you be my conscience . marion have not you get a conscience of you own ? jack have no answer . he go into the bathroom . int . jack flat - day the computer be still cover . jack be stand at the table deal card , practise . one card slip . he swear silently . he flexe he finger , crack he knuckle joint . he look at a skirt , leg , high heel , pass above the bar window . ext . piccadilly - evening jack emerge from the Underground , one of the crowd . ext . piccadilly - store - evening jack go into a large Department store . int . department store - evening marion be store - walk in the woman 's underwear department . it be sale time . basket of tight and knicker on display . customer be rummage . she be on the look - out for thief . she jump as jack place he hand on she hip . marion what be you do here ? ( look round nervously ) you know the rule . jack what about a drink on the way home ? marion I do not finish till eight . make it nine and you be on . jack I be on at nine . marion well , that 's we life now , be not it ? ext . piccadilly - evening jack pause in front of a airline office . there be a large picture of cape town , and a special ticket offer . jani come out of the office . her hair , tie back earlier in the casino , be now glamorously fluff out . she see jack . he do not see she . jani think of go back ? jack be startle . he do not recognise she for a moment . then ... jack oh hello . jani ( smile ) you know what ? I would like to buy you a drink . jack it 's against the rule . dealer be forbidden to talk to punter . jani that 's stupid . what be the odd of you be see with I ? jack impossible to calculate . jack voice Jack know that , in reality , all odd be calculable . int . ritz HOTEL - night the Art Deco bar . expensive people around . jani and jack be install on a sofa . a waiter put down two martinis . jani ( raise she glass ) to coincidence . jack ( drink ) there 's a casino in this hotel . jani I be not much of a gambler really . I just like this bar . jack so why do you come to my casino ? jani I be at a loose end . a friend of a friend give I a courtesy membership . jack first visit to London ? jani no , no . I come every couple of year . I always think I be go to stay . I be from cape town originally jack I be bear in the transkei , on the Wild Coast . jani near the casino . jack in the casino . jani now there 's a coincidence . my father use to gamble there . jack you father ? jani I love the atmosphere . but it destroy my poor mother . jack the debt . jani and the lie . gambler be bear liar . jack ( nod ) and superstitious too . it 's like witchcraft . jani that 's Africa . there 's a African in all of we , be not there ? jack we all come from Africa , supposedly . jani do you believe in astrology ? jack absolutely not . but then , I be a Gemini and Geminis do not believe in astrology . jani laugh out loud . jani you know , you do not strike I as a typical croupier . jani drink . jack notice she wedding ring . jani catch the look . jani I be not marry . I wear it to keep the fly off . ( look at she watch ) I must go . let I pay for this . jack absolutely not . jani toss you for it . jack I do not gamble . jani nod , stand up , take out a notepad and pen . she look round feign conspiracy . jani ( low voice ) I know this be verboten , but if you feel like a chat or maybe dinner , give I a call . she scribbles she name and phone number on the pad , tear off the page , give it to he . jani I will understand if you do not . ( smile ) but I hope you do . she leave . jack watch she go , look at the page she 's give he . int . jack flat - night in front of a mirror jack trim he hair with nail scissors . he be dress in he croupier 's uniform . he straighten he bow tie . jack voice he do not know why , but he would start to dress for the casino at home ... int . underground compartment - night jack sit in the compartment . jack voice ... like a musician in he tuxedo , go to the concert hall on public transport ... int . casino - roulette table - night a arab at the end of the table kiss all he £ 50 chip and set they out on the table . the wheel spin . jack look round at the punter . the ball bounce , fall on zero . everybody lose . many groan . a mediterranean -looking man with a gold bracelet cough . a gob of phlegm from he mouth land on a pile of chip that jack be rake away . a woman in she mid-thirty be appal . woman Animal ! jack would you mind be more careful , sir . man I have get ' flu . he cough again , but into a handkerchief . woman then go back home . to the zoo ! jack clear the pile of chip to one side . he signal to a supervisor . the supervisor hurry over . jack this gentleman accidentally cough onto this chip . I do not think it would be hygienic to stack they ... the supervisor signal a waitress over . supervisor agnes . this chip have to be count and put into the steamer . agnes yuck . she look at jack , grimace , and take the chip away . int . casino - night the last punter be leave . the overhead light come on . a croupier be wheeling away a trolley with thousand of chip . two men be cover the table with shroud . int . casino - strong room - night reynold watch as jack and matt count the thousand of pound , put they in pile . behind they be a large open safe . matt I can not give you a lift back tonight . jack do not worry . reynold place the note in steel box . ext . casino - night jack , come out . bella hurry after he , follow he round the corner . bella ( call ) Jack . do you need a ride ? jack no . thanks . bella my car 's in the garage . jack maybe another time . bella I will take you up on that . jack ( pleasantly ) goodnight . he straighten he hat and walk off . bella walk the other way . ext . STREET . night a man lurk in the shadow ahead of jack . jack do not see he . but as he come past , the man step out block jack be way . he be the arabic-look man jack earlier catch cheating at the casino with jani . man you do not recognise I ? you have I bar . you fuck little worm . jack wait a minute . you get yourself bar . man it be you , you shit . the man reach forward and grab jack be tie . he yank it with farce . jack gasp . he ram he elbow into the man be chest . the man kick jack on the shin . jack topple . the man leap at he . jack , knee he in the groin . the fight be untidy and vicious . both man collapse struggle onto the pavement . a car appear , a mini-cooper . bella be drive . she see the fight . jack be nose be bleed . the man kick he in the back . jack yell with pain , get to he foot . jack now I be go to kill you . he boot the man in the head . bella get out of she car and run over to they . bella Jack ! the man be screen under jack be repeat blow . bella pull jack away . bella Jack . leave he ! come on ! jack be face be mask with blood and fury . bella be frighten by jack be violence . bella let 's go . we do not want the cop here . before she can get jack into she car , he go back to the man groan on the floor . he stamp on the man 's hand . bella be shocked . jack ( coldly ) he will not cheat again . bella pull he away , bundle jack into she car , get in , drive away . int . bella' flat - bathroom - night Water be run in the basin . bella put jack be jacket on the lavatory seat . she start to undo he tie . jack wipe he blood -stain nose with a wet flannel . bella you be shaking . jack it 's the tension . she undoe he shirt and take it off . he wince . she wash he torso , clean he up . jack look at he shaking hand . bella take he by the hand , lead he into the bedroom . int . bella' bedroom - night she sit he on the bed . the room be light with coloured lamp . bella Excuse the mess . jack pull she suddenly into he arm , pull she onto the bed . she be startle . bella careful . jack be hand open she blouse . he reach for she breast . bella' surprise become excitement . he kiss she hungrily , he hand rummage in she clothes . she reach for a side zip in she skirt . bella do not tear anything . bella kick off she shoe . there be a burst of passion between they . for jack , a continuation of the violence with the man on the street . for bella , it 's a sudden release . her naked foot knock over the bedside lamp . jack spread bella on the bed . she tug he trousers down . he rip she black underwear away . int . bella' bedroom - night later . jack be lie sprawle on the bed with bella . she reach across he and retrieve the fall lamp . bella it 's funny , be not it ? if that guy have not come up to you , you would not be here now . jack stroke she bottom . jack I hate cheat . bella all man be cheat . bella pick up a joint from the bedside and light it . bella I spend two year on the game . I do not mind tell you that . jack look at she . bella but do not worry , I be clean as a whistle . I only do S &amp ; M. ( she hand the joint to jack , ) no blow job . no screwing . jack why do you quit ? bella I get scared . jack ( inhale ) I can imagine . bella can you ? I be happy be a dealer . at least the punter keep they hand to themselves . jack you call the casino a cesspit . bella well it be . but I know where I be . jack hand the joint back to bella . bella I have be watch you work . you be the best in the place . but you know that . jack I despise the job . bella ah , we all say that . but if we hate it , why do we do it ? jack do not answer . jack voice Jack want to say we do it for the money . but that be not really true . bella lean over jack and begin gently to massage he flesh . bella what do you really want to do ? she put the joint in a ashtray . jack the indian rope-trick . bella look , now I be pump you . I be sorry . it 's none of my business . it 's just that you be not like the other . jack not like Matt , you mean . bella now he 's a real shit . do not get friendly with he . I be sure he 's get he hand in the till . you know what he say to I once ? " I want to fuck the whole world over . that 's my mission . " the shit ! bella touch a bruise on jack be body . jack ouch . bella sorry . she kiss the bruise skin , pull he to she . bella simply want to be hold . jack voice Jack could hear Matt say it ... int . jack flat - day jack be at he desk type intently . there be a pile of new page in the sunlight . jack voice " I want to fuck the whole world over . it 's my mission . " marion pass in the foreground . she kiss he on the back of he head and leave . jack be finger move across the keyboard , dance . jack voice at last he have find what he would be look for . a clear and simple theme . and a hero to act it out . Little Matt ... ( pause ) ... chapter one . int . casino - washroom - night matt be shave . matt I look like shit . jack be scrubbing he nail at a basin . jack Rough day ? matt Rough life , Jack . a young woman appear in the mirror behind the two men . her name be PAT . she be dress like bella . PAT hi. I be pat. matt and jack say ' hello ' . matt appraise PAT be appearance , wink approval at jack . jack ( to Matt ) what happen to Bella ? matt I will tell you later . jack be mystify . int . casino - blackjack table - night jack be deal to mr tchai and three other men . one chair at the table be empty . mr tchai what happen to Bella ? jack she be re-assign . jack show 13 . he turn over he third card , a King . the bank bust . jack pay out . jani sit down in the vacant chair . jack conceal he surprise , a hint of nervousness . jack ( formally ) good evening . jani nod impassively . jack voice Jack know this be no coincidence . why have she come ? the men look at the glamorous woman . mr tchai do not register she presence . he be as inscrutable as he bodyguard who hand he a envelope . jani take out money from she purse . jack count it . jani one thousand even . in fifty . jack slot the money down , count out 20 £ 50 chip . jack deal . bet be place . 100 from jani . the card turn . mr tchai split two ace . jani have a 6 and 7 . mr tchai receive two los and win big . jani get a 10 and bust . jack voice he wonder if she believe he would bring she luck ... jani be face be impassive . she receive she card ... int . casino - night jani bust again . jack sweep away the chip , the card . jani reach into she bag , take out another thousand pound . jani in fifty . the men at the table look at jani . jack voice or do she think he would help she win ? int . casino - blackjack table - night jani lose again . she be down to 4 chip . she look up at jack . they eye meet , hers desperate , he helpless . mr tchai pick up on the look . jack voice he know how to fix it for she . his father have teach he the trick . switch the sequence . bust the bank . the casino would not spot it . but Jack be wary of the punter ... jack glance at the men at the table . jack voice he could see Mr tchai be count . he could not risk it . jani place she last bet , glance at the mountain of chip in front of mr tchai . jack catch she look . he deal . jani reach for she next card . jack observe she leave hand . jack voice he notice she be not wear she ring . why not ? odd on she would sell it . jack play out the hand . jani lose . she immediately get up . she be crush . jani good night . thank you . she walk away from the table . jack good night . jack voice thank you , she say . for what , Jack think . jani de villier know the odd . tchai look at jack . mr tchai pretty woman . int . jack bedroom / sitting room - night jack be sit on the bed fully clothed . he be carefully sewing a button on he croupier 's jacket . through the open bedroom door marion can be see sit on the sofa , leg tuck under she , read the new typescript . the phone ring . in the bedroom jack pick up . jack hello ... ext . south africa casino - night jack sr. be in a public phone . colour lantern hang round in the night . distant laughter . jack sr how 's it go , jacko ? intercut between jack and jack sr . jack Fine . I take the job . jacksr good for you . I be wonder what happen . jack I try to call you , dad , but they say you line be disconnect . jack sr ( jovially ) ah yes , I move house . need a bigger place . how 's that book of yours come along ? in the sit room marion look towards jack in the bedroom . jack I be get there . jack sr it 's good to have the job to fall back on , be not it ? ( pause ) there go my other phone . jack Goodbye dad . he hang up . marion turn the last page of the typescript . she 's finish . int . sitting room - night jack come in from the bedroom . marion say nothing . she put the typescript down . jack wait . marion get off the sofa . marion I do not like it . jack why not ? marion I do not like it at all . you have a wonderful character before , the gambler . he be so romantic . jack he be a loser . this guy 's a croupier . he can not lose . people have shat on he all he life . now he 's in control . he 's a winner . marion be that you idea of a winner ? he do not give a shit about anyone . he use people and -- jack ( interrupt ) -- it 's because of the sex , be not it ? you do not like the sex in it . marion I do not give a fuck about the sex . most I n'll fuck a lamppost . he 's just a miserable zombie . be that the way you feel now ? be that what 's happen to you ? jack marion . it 's a book . marion oh really . then why be he call Jake . why do not you come clean and call he Jack . ( soften ) there 's no hope in it . jack it 's the truth . marion without hope there 's no point to anything . jack now wait a minute . what 's so hopeful about you job ? spend the day catch poor people steal . you say yourself the organised gang get away with it . at least in the casino everybody get catch . Rich or poor , the odd be the same . it 's all relative . marion crap . it 's not relative . it 's unfair . like you casino . it 's design unfair . and you croupier 's a little shit because he go along with it . jack see marion be get really angry . he cross the room , pointedly take marion be handbag , open it , take out a National lottery card and receipt . the doorbell ring . jack ( coldly ) you be just like all that other dummy out there . fourteen and a half million to one ! be that you idea of hope ? the doorbell ring again . marion the door , Jack . jack leave it . marion no. answer it ! jack hand she the lottery card and go to the door , open it . bella stand there . bella you fuck little shit ! you shop I . jack what be you talk about ? marion watch , numb . bella reynold get a doctor in . they force I to take a dope test . it be positive . as you know . jack I do not know anything about it . bella look over to marion . bella you boyfriend fuck I , smoke my dope , then shop I . what do you think of that ? I can not get a job now . ( to Jack ) you bastard . you be no different from Matt . a pair of vicious little shit , that 's what you be . jack ( firmly ) look Bella , I do not know anything about this . you should talk to Matt . bella you be all scumbag . marion I agree . without look at marion , bella suddenly kiss jack on the lip . bella look hard at jack , then leave . jack pursue she . ext . basement - night bella run up the iron stair to the gate at the top . jack Bella ! without look back she fling the gate shut , go off down the street . jack turn . marion go on . go after she ! marion slam the door to the flat . jack be half - way up the stair , alone . ext . piccadilly department store - evening the rush hour . 6 in the evening . jack watch men and women come out the store . jack voice Jack have no idea where marion be stay , or with whom . he realise he know little about she life . but then , he have never ask about it . jack now see marion . he be about to go up to she , move through the flow of the crowd , then he stop . a man in he 30 , tall with a moustache , greet marion . he 's be wait for she . jack watch the two of they , unseen . the man and marion exchange a few word . she smile , take he arm . he lean forward to kiss she . jack voice for the first time in a long while Jack think about he mother . she would leave when she could not take it any more . his father have say ' do not worry , jacko , she will come back . ' she do not . jack turn and walk away . jack voice but marion be not he mother ... int . casino - crow nest - night jack stand behind reynold who be play back a video of the earlier incident in which matt cheat with the greek . jack he 's pay out in stack of 25 . reynold I can see . he freeze the frame , press a button , zoom in on the detail of matt 's hand cover the chip . on another video monitor matt be deal blackjack . reynold look at the screen . reynold Little shit . jack voice chapter Three . his existence be form a interesting pattern of betrayal . sometimes he be unsure whether he be the betrayer or the betrayed . reynold look up from the screen . reynold ( grudgingly ) thanks for the information . jack a pleasure . pity about Bella . reynold she be a real asset . but what could I do ? jack light a cigarette . reynold ( shake he head ) sorry . no smoking in the nest , Jack . int . jack flat - day work at he computer , jack light one cigarette from another . he pause from he type . on the desk beside he be the note with jani 's phone number . he pick up the phone , start to dial , then stop , replace the receiver . he look distract , lose . on the table marion be flower be dead in the vase . int . bookstore - day jack come downstairs from the upper floor . he be look at a book he have select : ' scarne on card ' . across from the cash desk near the entrance a book signing be in progress . a small crowd surround a Middle Eastern author call habib dress in a kaftan . gile be with he . a photographer be there . a few camera flash . gile see jack at the cash desk . he be uncertain for a moment , then smile . gile ( call ) Jack ! hear he name , jack turn . gile come over . gile I think it be you . it 's the hair ! jack ( touch the back of he neck ) I be work on that soccer story . gile ( vaguely ) right. ( suddenly ) look , I must get back to habib . jack habib ? gile my author . he 's a terrorist . he 's write a kill - and - tell book . ( put he hand on Jack 's shoulder ) take care . gile head back to the signing . the cashier put jack be book in a bag . gile stop , think of something . he come back to jack . gile Jack , look , next weekend I be have a house party . here ... ( remove a card from he pocket book ) it 's near Oxford . why do not you come ? it will just be social . no business . ( conspiratorially ) bring a friend . I have plenty of room . jack ( look at the card ) I will try and make it . gile look forward ! gile go back to he group . jack look round the bookstore , see thousand of book in pile . jack voice book pile like chip . stack them high . sell them fast . make a kill . you think you be a gambler , gile , but you be not . you be a dealer . a camera flash . ext . country road - night jani be white Honda wind its way through the wintry oxfordshire countryside . the moon be bright . jack voice chapter four ... int . honda - night jani , wear dark glass , be drive . jack , beside she , read a map with a torch . jack I do not know how you can drive at night with that glass . she turn and smile at he . her leave hand be bandage . jack how do you hurt you hand ? jani just a accident . nothing . jack turn leave ahead . the car turn into a lane . jack jani , there 's something I want to say . before we get there . I do not know what the sleep arrangement be . gile probably expect we to share a room . jani that 's fine . ext . country house - night the Honda 's tyre crackle on the gravel drive which lead to a floodlit yellow stone country house . there be three car park outside the entrance . the Honda stop next to they . int . honda - night jack prepare to get out . jani catch he arm . she take off she dark glass . her right eye be bruise . jani there 's no point pretend it be a accident . I have a fight with someone , that 's all . in the distance there be the sound of a tennis ball be strike . ext . country house - tennis court - night a floodlit tennis court . a racquet smack a tennis ball . jack sit with gile drink bloody mary watch a game of mix double . everybody 's wear sweater . jani be play with one of gile be friend , gordon . on the other side , two girl , fiona from gile ' office , and chloe , Gordon 's girlfriend . jack follow jani be game . she be far and away the best of the four . gile be also study jani 's movement , she knicker when she serve . gile she 's a dab hand with a racquet , you friend . jack South African woman be very sporty . jack watch jani be strong leg muscle as she move about the court . gile I can see . how do she get that shiner ? jack have be wait for this . jack I find she in bed with someone . gile ( surprised ) who be he ? jack she. giee I say . you be a dark horse , Jack . on court , jani deliver a win overhead smash . the four player shake hand across the net . they come off the court . gordon put he arm around jani . his girlfriend chloe notice . jack be irritate . gile catch the moment . gordon ( to Jack ) you do not play tennis ? jack I do not play anything . gordon how boring for you . jani move deliberately away from gordon , who clearly fancy she , and sit down beside jack . she pointedly kiss he on the cheek . gile glance at gordon , who shrug . fiona come up to gile . fiona where 's we drink ? chloe they be so bloody selfish . jani ( to Jack ) I be so glad you bring I . jack voice Jack would not have come without she . int . country house - drawing room - night jack and jani , gile , gordon and they two girlfriend be sit down with drink at a card table . gordon open a fresh deck of card . jack I do not gamble . gile do not be a spoilsport . it 's only a few quid . jack it 's nothing to do with money . I do not gamble . gile look to jani to persuade he . jani he do not gamble . jack I will watch . gordon ( insinuatingly ) Jack like to watch . ( to jani ) do he like to watch ? jack be get angry . jani be calm . jani ( to Gordon ) one more remark like that and I will break you ball . there be silence . gordon be embarrassed . fiona look at chloe , they be shocked and impressed . jack smile . gile ( laugh ) I will bet she could , too . jack defuse the atmosphere . jack I will deal , but I will not play . he sit down , pick up the card . gordon you sure you know how ? jack take the pack of card , split it expertly into two , shuffles by press the two halve together open-palmed . there be a rattling noise as the card fold mechanically into one another , leave the pack as if it have not be shuffle . fiona and chloe be fascinate . fiona do that again . jack give the card to he right , gordon cut they . another immaculate professional shuffle , and out come the card from jack be right hand , flick across the table . as the card land , they fall exactly next to one another in front of each player . chloe that 's sexy . at the end of the deal , five player be look at a neat fan of five card before they . fiona do not they look pretty . they all pick up they card . gile ( frown ) there 's nothing pretty about this hand . chloe you be not suppose to talk , gile . fiona he 's probably lie . he do that . jack catch jani 's eye . she wink . int . country house - drawing room - night later . jack deal the card . jack last hand . gile hey . I have get a idea . why do not we ... fiona ( sharply ) no ! no stripping . chloe right . we be not have that again ! ( glance at Jack ) although ... gordon I will stick to bluff . that 's what I be best at . jani smile , say nothing . jack slide the pack to jani . she look up at he and cut the card . jack deal the card deftly . the five player pick up they card . before each player call we hear Jack 's voice . in the end he correctly predict they call . be it telepathy ? or something else ? gordon I will stick . fiona two card . gile one card . chloe oh I do not know ... er ... two card . jani Three card . the player examine they hand . the women be pleased . the men say nothing . jani put she card together . the betting begin . no one drop out . the raise go round three time . fiona that 's it . I have not get any more cash . the betting come to a end . jack watch as they turn they hand over . gordon turn over a straight . gordon beat that . chloe turn over a flush . chloe ha. ha. ha. gordon shit . fiona turn over a full House . fiona not so fast , darling . gordon ( disbely ) hang on , chap . that 's impossible ! gile turn over four of a kind . gile how 's about that for impossible . laughter , cry of amazement . gordon what 's go on ? jack be impassive . they all look to jani , who turn over , one card at a time , a straight flush . chloe wow . what be the odd for this happen ? more laughter , cry of amazement . fiona thousands to one . jack 42,300,000 to 1. jani approximately . gordon I could have win if I would be able to bluff . jani lean forward and take the pot . gile look at jack , then at jani . gile I get it . jack get what ? ( smile ) be you accuse I of cheating ? gile good God , no . but with skill like that , what do you want a job for ? you do not need to work . int . country house - bedroom - night jack sit on the side of a four-poster bed and take off he shoe . on the other side of the bed jani unzip she skirt . she look round the room . jack voice here be a interesting question . be write work ... or play ? jani put she skirt over a chair and go into the bathroom . she do not close the door . jack continue undress . from a hold - all he remove a pair of pajamas . he glance at the open bathroom door , then climb into he pajamas . he have two ugly bruise on he chest from the fight with the arabic man . jani come out of the bathroom naked . she see he body . jani what happen ? jack remember the guy who cheat at the table ? jani you do not like cheat , do you . she walk across to she case , open it , rummages around and take out a nightie . this , without the slight hint of embarrassment . jack go into the bathroom to brush he tooth . jani climb into bed . jani which side do you like ? jack ( call ) you choose . they get into bed . jani that trick tonight , I do not think I have ever see that before . jack it can only work with amateur , a pro would have spot it . jani I do not . jack then you be not a pro . jani lean over and turn off the lamp . her hair brushes jack be face . jani goodnight . int . country house - night in the desert hall be a nineteenth century painting , a copy of gericault 's ' raft of the Medusa ' . the picture light illuminate the group of man and woman , cling to the raft and to each other . int . bedroom - night jani be voice Jack ...? I need you help ... jack wake drowsily . jani I be in trouble . jack what kind of trouble ? jani I owe a lot of money . jack be that why you do the two grand ? I could not help you . jani I know that . but you can now . jack I do not have any money . switch on the light . jani be look distress . jani some people I know , they be plan to rob the Golden lion . jack sit up , turn on the lamp . jack you do not mean that . jani pull up the bedcover around she body . jani they mean it . jack who 's they ? jani my creditor . one night , around three in the morning , they will come into the casino - jack ( interrupt ) forget it , jani . it will never work . jani the point be , they want a man inside . jack ( laugh ) and I think you be a bright woman . jani just listen . you do not have to do anything criminal . jack ( smile ) robbery 's not criminal ? jack get out of bed , tour the room . jani you do not have to be criminal . a man will come up to you table and deliberately cheat . you will see he , stop he , and the guy will make a big scene . there will be chaos . and that 's when it will happen . jack you be serious . jani you will not be commit a crime . the man will cheat , you will just be do you job , that 's all . jack come right up close to jani in bed . jack and I think you be only after my body . jani I have come to know you . you be honest . ( take he hand ) I trust you . jack what will you do when it all go wrong ? jani it will not . jack but if it do . jani you keep the ten thousand pound . jack what ten thousand pound ? jani get out of bed . jani this people will pay you ten thousand before and ten thousand after . they want someone they can be sure of , a honest dealer . that 's the point . not all dealer be honest . Mr reynold will never suspect you . jack reynold ? you have do you research . she put she hand on he . jani I do not know what else to do . you be my last chance . she take he hand and put it on she bruise eye . jani next time it will be my neck . jack what about my neck ? jani be close to break down . her toughness evaporate . jani I want to go back to cape town , I want to start again , clean . jack I can not do it , jani . jani I be ask you , as a ... friend . you would be save the life of a friend . jani go back to bed . she turn out the light . jack stand in the middle of the dark room . int . country house - passage - stair - night jack come out of the bedroom in he pajamas , wear he hat . he walk slowly down the passage . he hear the sound of love- make come from one of the room . he pass ' the raft of the Medusa ' as he go down the stair . int . country house - kitchen - night jack come into the kitchen , switch on the light . he go to the refrigerator , take out a bottle of vodka . he wash a dirty glass and pour himself a drink . jack voice Jack wonder why he be even consider it . ten grand . in cash . that be why . but Jack do not need the money . his father would have take it , like a shot . but he father be a gambler . he downs he drink , and leave the kitchen . int . country house - passage - night jack walk back to he room . there be silence now , no sound of sex . jack voice he be always break . Jake suddenly realise ... it be Jake who be consider it . int . country house - bedroom - night jack come in , toss he hat on the bed . jani be not in the bed . the bathroom door be afar . he hear the sound of gasp . he rush to the bathroom . int . bathroom - night jani be hold she head over the lavatory bowl . jack run some water in the basin . he help she to she foot and give she a glass of water . she wash out she mouth . she look at he , tear run down she face . jani I want you to forget what I say . jack wait a minute ... jani no , forget it . the bet 's off . she reach forward for a toothbrush and start to clean she tooth . jack what about you father ? can he help ? she spit the water out of she mouth , kiss he on the forehead and go back into the bedroom . jack look at he reflection in the bathroom mirror . he stroke he hair down . jack why do not you just go back to South Africa ? he leave the bathroom . int . bedroom - night jack get back in bed with jani . they turn away from each other and prepare to sleep . jack how much do you owe ? jani let it go . jack do they tell you to sleep with I ? jani I tell you , all bet be off . int . country house - bedroom - dawn jack wake as jani be dress get ready to leave . she bend and kiss he . jani I be sorry . jack what for ? jani I have to take the car . she look at he then leave the room jack voice hang on tightly ... let go lightly . int . country house - kitchen - day jack come into the kitchen . gile be make coffee . chloe be sit at the table , half - asleep in she nightgown . gile good night ? jack not particularly . gile and you lady ? jack she have to leave early . she ask I to thank you . gile a bit unexpected , be not it ? jack not entirely . gile how 's that football story corn along ? jack you say it be go to be social , gile . no business . jack voice he be overcome with a sense of urgency . he have to get it down ... chapter five . int . jack flat - night jack come in , put down he overnight bag . he yawn , head for the bedroom . suddenly , he see that the vase of dead flower be now full of fresh bloom . underneath be a small box , gift -wrapped . jack open it . Inside the tissue paper be a tiny gold charm on a chain . he examine it . close - up : the charm be a book , no title engrave . jack be touch . int . bedroom - night jack come into the room . marion be in bed asleep . he look at she , smile . he start to get undress . marion stir . jack put the book charm around he neck . she move from the middle to one side of the bed , make room for he . he hold the charm . jack it 's beautiful . thank you . marion I hope it bring you luck . jack it will . marion I have not bring you much luck , have I ? perhaps we should not be together . jack that girl , she work at the casino -- marion -- I do not care about she . of course , I be angry . but not with you . the book be yours not mine . I be wrong , what I say about it . I hurt you , do not I ? jack you be entitle to you opinion . marion it 's none of my business what you write . and you job , that 's none of my business either . I love you . and I have do everything wrong . jack take she in he arm . jack I will leave the casino soon . ( he stroke she hair ) I promise . marion you will ? jack within a month . believe I , I be go to quit ! they begin to make love . she hold the back of he head . marion then you can dye you hair blond again . int . jack flat - night jack be asleep in bed with marion . he be murmure indistinguishable word . it wake she . she gently touch he shoulder . he open he eye . jack what ? marion you be talk in you sleep . jack not talk . write . int . jack flat - day jack be at work alone . the phone ring . he leave it and continue I work . then he hear jany' voice . jany' voice I need to see you . I have move . I have a new number . it 's 468-3275 . please call I . there be a click . jack scribbles the number down and resume work . int . underground - night jack get off a train . he be dress as a croupier . he walk to a public telephone on the platform , take jani be note from he pocket . he dial the number . the noise of the train and passengers make it difficult to hear . the phone at the end ring and ring . jack wait . jack I want to speak to jani de villier ... ( wait ) jani ... it 's Jack ... I will come over now ... he take out a notepad and write down the address . ext . STREET - night jack walk down a street of rough , transient 's hotel . the street lamp be on . jack voice chapter Seven ... Jack have decide to see she . the challenge be essential . he come up to a hotel call ' journey 's end ' . he go in . int . HOTEL . stair - night jack climb the creak stair under the fluorescent light . he knock on a door . jani open it . she wear man 's pajamas . she look unslept . jani come in . she glance up and down the passage . jack go in . int . HOTEL room - night jani carefully close the door . jack look round the dingy room . jani it 's not the ritz this time . she switch on a standard lamp , look at he . jani be it yes ? jack yes . jani thank you . reflected in a mirror , she open she bag and take out a envelope , give it to jack . he look inside . four bank packet of £ 2500 . jack it do not seem fair . you be offer I ten grand in cash but you can not afford a decent place . jani well , life 's not fair . we know that . jack it 's all relative . I need the money too . jani do you ? jack yes . jani the date 's not set yet . I will call you . one last thing : the man you be go to catch cheating , he may get violent . but you know how to deal with cheat . jack ( look at she face ) that bruise have clear up nicely . jani bruise ? ( touch she eye ) oh , yes . it 's better . jack ( touch he chest ) I have still get mine . jack look at she hand . jack and you hand too . jani ( coolly ) I take the bandage off yesterday . she cross to pick up a bottle of scotch . jani would you like a drink ? jack no thank you . jack put the envelope in he pocket . they look at each other . jack I do not think we should meet again . jani ( nod ) it 's a shame there be not more man in the world like you . jack go up to jani and kiss she on the mouth . she put a arm around he . jack voice there be a part of jani he really like . he turn and leave the room . ext . HOTEL - STREET - night jack come out of the hotel , walk up the street . jack voice question : be he gambling , take jani 's money ? answer : no. because he be not betting with he own money . he be be pay in advance for a service ... int . casino - night at the roulette table jack spin the wheel , throw the ball . jack voice in reality there be two clear element of risk in this exchange . one : the possibility the cash be counterfeit . two : the possibility jani or she creditor would want the money back if the plan fail . a middle - aged man be sweat . he finger he last 2 chip . he reach for a number , hesitates . jack see that the man 's hand be shaking . jack voice to begin with he put the odd at 2 against . 7 for . he check a random selection of bill at a bank . they be all good . across the table a well - dress jewish woman in she fifty be sit next to a young man , a gigolo type , the top three button of he shirt undone . she too hesitates with she bet , look down at she card , mark with the last thirty turn . jack voice so now he odd be decidedly better . he put they at 8 to 1 . the fact that the note be good give he one less negative . 2 minus 1 . at the same time mathematically he have one more positive . 7 plus 1 . the woman look up at the young man . she hand he the chip . woman bring I some luck . the young man smile . take the chip and put it on 21 . the middle - aged man put he chip on 8 and 11 . he pray silently . int . casino - night the roulette table . the ball be bounce in and out of number . jack no more bet . the middle - aged man close he eye . the woman put she hand on the young man be arm . jack voice next stage . he have to be secure at 8 to 1 against have to give the money back , so he would not spend it . if after one month no one have approach he , he calculate the odd of keep it at 20 to 1 . after three month he figure 100 to 1 no one would turn up . the ball bounce into 21 . the woman give a cry of joy . she grip the young man 's hand . he lean over to she , eyeing she diamond necklace , and whisper something seductive in she ear . she stiffen with apprehensive pleasure . the middle - aged man open he eye , there be a look of misery on he face . jack sweep away the lose chip , pay out five minor winner . he calmly count a small pile of chip and slide they to the middle - aged man by sleight of hand . then he prepare to pay out the woman . no one have notice the pay - out to the middle - aged man . the man look at jack incredulously . jack smile mechanically . the man mouth the word ' thank you ' to jack . the woman look up at the young man . she give he a pile of chip . he give they back . he kiss she neck . young man how about a drink to celebrate ? the middle - aged man stand up , he face crease in emotion , relief . man ( to Jack ) Cash I in . jack convert the green coloured chip to £ 35 in house chip . the man nod at jack , who smile formally . the man leave the table . punter place they bet for the next spin . jack see the man stop by the next roulette table . jack voice Jake 's experiment with the man would prove the point . the man hesitates . he can not resist . in close - up : the man put two of the chip down . jack voice people do not change . int . jack kitchen - night marion drop a plate as she 's drying the dish . she swear and bend to pick up the piece . int . jack flat - bedroom - night marion , undress , pull the old nightgown from the laundry basket . she let it fall back , go to look in the chest of drawer for another . she can not find one among the underwear . she go on to jack be drawer and pull out a shirt . she unfold it . out drop the four packet of £ 2500 . she bend to pick they up . she look at they incredulously . int . casino - blackjack table - night jack push several £ 50 note into the slot and count out two pile of chip for a punter in front of he . jack voice he watch they face as they lose hour after hour , night after night , relentlessly . jack face as he deal . jack voice he question the conventional wisdom that gambler be self - destructive ... int . casino - roulette table - night the face of punter around the table : concentration , grimness , apprehension ... jack voice he have come to believe that in reality , they want to destroy everyone else - they family and love one , everyone . fuck over the whole world ... the white ball land . the face of the losers , resign , desperate , angry .... the punter who be clean out get off they chair , tear up they sequence card , turn and walk away , quickly , slowly . on jack face : jack voice without emotion he watch they go . Jake stay . int . jack flat - night marion be lie awake alone in bed . the phone ring . she lean over to pick it up , then do not . from the sit room come the message : jani be voice it 's set . the day after tomorrow . the twenty -fourth . good luck . click . marion get out of bed . she go into the sit room . int . sitting room - night marion replay the message . she stare at the phone . then carefully she press the erase button , wiping the message . she go back into the bedroom . int . jack flat - day jack be at work . marion be hand be massage he shoulder . the little book charm dangle round he neck . marion be not you ever tempt to gamble ? jack ( look up ) never . why do you ask ? marion I can just imagine , be around so much money all the time ... jack gambling 's not about money . marion really ? jack gambling 's about not face reality . ignoring the odd . she take she hand away from he neck . marion I must be a fool . I never think about the odd . the sound of a underground train . int . underground - night jack sit impassively among noisy Christmas travellers . the train stop . someone pop a balloon . jack get up and alight , follow by a streamer . he disappear into the crowd . int . casino - changing room - night jack hang up he hat and coat , examine himself in the mirror . he pick up a small roll of paper . he unfurl it . a Christmas party hat . jack voice chapter twelve ... int . casino - night a Christmas festive atmosphere . the casino interior be decorate with red and green balloon , silver and gold streamer , a large tree hang with £ 1000 chip . jack be deal at a blackjack table . like the other croupier and dealer , he be dress in a fancy red coat with green trim . he wear a silly paper hat . the punter at Jack 's table include mr tchai and four expensively dress chinese men . the bodyguard stand behind they . they be gambling big money . wad of £ 50 note be change into £ 100 chip . jack be coolly win for the house . reynold look on impassively in he Santa Claus suit . Three or four punter be watch the chinese lose heavily . mr tchai and he friend occasionally exchange a phrase in chinese but they show no emotion as they lose . with each hand they prepare to lose even more . jack push hundred of pound into the box beneath the table . reynold signal a security man to collect the cash which be building up . he come over with a safety cart . during a short break the money be take from under the table in a box , load into the cart and wheeled away . int . casino - bar - night two cold - looking men in suit be drink mineral water at the bar . they watch the security man with the cart pass by and disappear through a green baize door mark private . one of the suit look at he watch : five minute to midnight . int . casino - night jack be now at a roulette table . he see a punter 's watch : 2.45 . the atmosphere around the crowded table be noisy , laughter , loud voice . 1 one of the two men in suit from the bar ease himself into a chair . jack see he . the suit throw he £ 500 . suit fifty . ten of they . jack what colour chip ? suit whatever . jack give he ten pale blue chip and put another pale blue chip into the rack alongside the rainbow of colour use by the other punter . the suit look at he watch . int . casino - night two man in raincoat , detective , approach reynold and talk to he . reynold become nervous , look around the casino . the table at the bar where the suit sit be empty . the private green baize door slowly close . int . casino - night the ball bounce into number 5 . there be cheer of delight from the winner , 5 be heavily cover . the suit casually slide a pale blue chip onto the number at the side . jack see the obvious cheat . so do other punter . jack ( stiffen ) Sir , I can not accept that bet . the suit get up and come around the table to jack . suit be you call I a cheat ? punter you be a cheat . I see you . suit ( grab Jack 's lapel ) I be talk to you . jack push he away . the suit hit jack be face with he fist . uproar around the table . jack hit the man . the suit grab jack and push he backwards across the table , knock all the chip over . the punter start shouting . they grab they chip , especially the loser . one punter try to restrain the suit . jack kick the suit hard . they fight , trading blow . at the blackjack table mr tchai and the other chinese see the fight . mr tchai bark at the bodyguard in chinese . the bodyguard head for the fight at the roulette table . two dealer rush over to stop the fight . somewhere in the distance there be the sound of a gunshot . people start scream . the suit punch jack in the stomach . jack double up . the suit break away , rush across the casino , push scream women aside , head for the door . mr tchai 's bodyguard block he way and fell the suit with a hammer blow to the head . the two detective come up . one of they handcuffs the suit , who be lie on the floor . the casino be in uproar . a strange , violent Christmas party . int . casino - night jack lie groan on the floor . mr tchai be stand , watch jack . reynolds's voice come over the tannoy system : reynold lady and gentleman , please be calm . there 's no cause for alarm . enjoy yourselves . it 's Christmas . reynolds's voice be replace by a breezy version of ' rudolph the red-nose reindeer ' . jack struggle to he foot , amid the chaos . he fall back in pain . mr tchai and the other chinese leave the casino with the bodyguard . int . hospital - casualty - night jack be sit in a Christmas - decorate cubicle , a curtain draw round . a indian nurse be bandage he arm . he have two large plaster on he chest . the nurse finish the job , smile . nurse there you go . she hand he two pill and a glass of water . in the background there be party sound . the nurse leave . jack finger the charm around he neck . there be a pause . then the curtain be pull back . marion enter . she carry a bottle of wine and two carton of chinese take - away . jack be surprised . jack how do you know I be here ? marion I think you would not want to spend Christmas Day alone in here . she start to pour wine . jack be still puzzle . jack do you go to the casino ? marion hand he a glass of wine . marion happy Christmas . they touch glass and drink . marion now ... noodle or rice ? as she open the carton , jack watch she , still uneasy . marion ( quietly ) I do not want a criminal for a boyfriend . jack ( suddenly ) there be a message , be not there ? marion it 's probably easier for you to eat the rice . jack marion ! what do you tell the police ? marion nothing about you . jack then what ? marion give up be a croupier , Jack . or I will shop you . all you have to do be keep you word . it 's that simple . jack sink back on the bed . she hand he the rice dish . marion here ... use a spoon . jack leave I alone , marion . marion you be already alone . jack voice he have always be alone . he have always believe it would make the decision easier . jack all right . I do not want to lose you . I will quit . I swear to you . marion kiss he . marion why do you take the money ? jack I hate public transport . marion what ? jack I want to buy a car . marion ( laugh ) how can anyone be that naive ? int . casino - reynolds's office - day jack sit in front of reynold . reynold how do you feel , Jack ? jack bruise . reynold take you time . two week . Three if you need it . we will pay you sick leave . I do not want to lose you . you be a good man . here ... he hand jack a envelope . jack what 's this ? he open the envelope . Inside be a casino cheque for £ 500 . reynold ( smile ) happy New Year . have a drink on the company . you have earn it . int . jack flat - night jack be sit at he computer , drink vodka , dress in he croupier be suit . jack voice chapter thirteen ... he type ... on the soundtrack we hear the casino noise . jack voice it 's all number , the croupier think . a spin of the wheel . a turn of a card . the time of you life . the date of you birth . the year of you death . in the Book of number the Lord say : ' thou shalt count thy step ' . there 's a ring at the doorbell . he look at he watch : 2.15a.m . the I ring come again . jack voice Jack think , this be it . the famous two in the morning knock at the door . it wad pay-back time . jack go to the door . at the door . it be pay-back time . jack go to the door . jack voice but he be not afraid . he have not spend one penny of the ten grand . he would cover himself . he know the odd . jack calmly open the door . a uniformed policeman stand there . jack have not expect this . policeman Mr manfre ? jack yes ... the sound of the roulette ball bounce against the number . int . morgue - night a police doctor uncover a body on a gurney . the sound of the ball find - ing a number . jack can hardly bear to look . it be marion . with emotion ... jack voice what be the odd of be kill by a car ... on New Year 's Eve ? man' voice she be on she way home ... to you . jack no . she be not . jack look away from marion be face . he see the man with the moustache , stand on the other side of the gurney , the man he see with marion on the street . he be detective inspector ross . jack be disorientate . jack voice marion have be visit he mother ... no , no , not he mother - she mother . jack ( to Ross ) she be visit she mother . her mother . ( suddenly ) who be you ? ross detective Inspector Ross . jack who ... ross Ross . jack who do it ? tell I ! he grab ross be lapel . ross carefully remove jack be hand . ross we think it 's a hit -and -run . a drunk driver , probably , but there be a possibility of a revenge kill . jack voice ( distraught ) revenge ? for what ? whose revenge ? ross as you know , she be a wpc with the met. up until two year ago . jack fumble in he pocket for a cigarette . there be a no smoke sign on the wall . ross produce a Zippo and light jack gitane . ross she call I last week . she would get wind of a plan robbery at you casino . jack voice what have that get to do with she death ? ross you do not recognise the man who attack you , do you ? jack ( loudly ) of course I recognise he ! ross ( surprised ) you do ? jack I know a cheat when I see one . the man be a cheat . ross sigh , look at marion . jack suddenly reach down and pull the white sheet back over marion be face . jack ( to Ross ) do you gamble ? ross be puzzle . jack drop he cigarette on the floor , grind it with he shoe . ross give jack he card . ross if anything occur to you , call I . jack walk away from ross without a word . the doctor be now fill out a form . from the door jack look back . ross wait for he to say something . jack do not speak . ross I be in love with she , you know . there be a reprise of jack cover marion be face with the sheet . ext . street - night in he croupier 's suit jack walk the night street . jack voice ( quote ) ' the world break everyone , and afterward many be strong at the break place . but that that will not break , it kill . it kill the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially . if you be none of this , you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry ' . he pass a poster for the National lottery bear the legend : 'it could be you ' . jack do not see it . int . greek restaurant - night a woman smashes a plate over a man be head . it 's plate - smash party time , Greek -style . twenty drunk people have fun . Zorba music . plates be throw , stamp on , smashed . jack sit alone at a corner table , drink , watch the fun , unsmile . one plate crack into a wall behind he . a man stumble backwards into jack 's table . jack swiftly move he drink out of the way . the man apologise , turn to jack . it be matt . matt jacko ! how're you do ? ( shake Jack 's hand vigorously ) I hear about the raid . pity they do not pull it off . I wish I would be there . matt have to shout above the noise and music . jack smile . jack ( quietly ) but you be there Matt . matt do not hear . matt what ? you know what happen to I , do not you ? that bitch Bella shop I . I would like to beat the shit out of she . jack I would like to buy you a drink . matt cheer . happy New Year . I really like you , jacko , you be so fuck straight . ( suddenly ) hey , you have not change you clothes ! int . greek restaurant - night there be four or five people leave among the debris . matt have go . jack be still there , drunk now . jack voice the music stop , Jack be drunk ... hallucinate . he be back , as a child , in the Wild Coast casino . a black woman come over to he . her name be lucy . lucy you have be avoid I . jack ( blearily ) have I ? lucy I be Lucy . jack and what do you do , Lucy ? lucy I be a witch . a white witch . why do not we move on ? jack be you go to put a spell on I ? lucy I might . ext . greek restaurant - dawn lucy guide jack to a park car . he be drunker than she . when he see the car he start to laugh . it be he Austin healey . jack Nice car . how much do you pay for it ? lucy too much . eighteen hundred . she open the door for he . they climb in . lucy start the car . lucy where to ? jack turn leave at the light . they drive off . ext . STREET - dawn a desert intersection . the Austin healey swing around a corner . a woman step out from the kerb . int . car - dawn jack react . he swing the wheel . lucy shout . the car swerve , miss the woman . lucy hey ! I see she ! jack look back . the woman be shouting after the car . lucy you do not trust woman driver , do you ? jack voice Jack do not trust anyone . except himself . int . jack flat - dawn jack sit at he computer . he be watch the printer unload page after page . jack assemble the typescript . jack voice it be finally finish . he think of send it to gile . but that would not be right . he would select a publisher at random , like a number . close up : the dedication : ' to mario n ' . the sound of the ball bounce against the wheel . int . casino - night the ball fall into 10 . jack put the doll on 10 . no one at the table have the win number . jack sweep away the lose bet . int . casino - night a blackjack table . the bet be place . jack turn over the bank 's card : a king and a ace . he take all the chip from the five punter . punter ( to Jack ) you be waste yourself . with you luck you ought to come over to we side . ext . STREET . bookstore - night jack come up to a bookstore window . a sticker read : ' it be a winner ' . there be quote blow up from the review : " a incredible inside job ... it's all here , the system , the scam , the sleaze ... a tale of triumphant disgust ... of exhilarating contempt ... " the display be just one book : ' I , croupier ' . number 1 bestseller . jack voice even he publisher have no idea who the author be . he have do the deal through a lawyer . it give he a good feel , no one know ... int . reynolds's office - night reynold be read the book . he laugh out loud at something . jack voice ... it never occur to anyone at the casino that the Golden lion have be he model . why should it ? be not all casinos the same .... int . underground - night jack be sit in he croupier 's suit on the crowded tube . he see a woman read ' I , croupier ' . for the first time we see the back cover ... 'by anonymous ' . jack voice ... it give he a exquisite pleasure , be a underground man . with all he money , he have not even buy a car . Jack know the truth about himself , he be a one - book writer . a one time winner who have quit while he be ahead ... int . jack flat - dawn five in the morning . jack voice he change nothing in the flat , buy nothing , spend nothing . the only thing he do be to remove the bar outside the window ... jack come in . the phone ring . int . SUN CITY . casino - night jani be hold a mobile phone . in the background be the casino room , the light , colour , rattling sound . she wait . int . jack flat - night jack hesitates , then pick up . jack hello ... jani Jack ! it 's jani. the follow conversation be intercut . jack jani ! where be you ? jani Sun City . I have be meaning to call you for month . jack ( smile ) how be you ? jani great . I be get marry . at least , I think I be . jack do you solve you problem ? jani yes . I be all over that now . Jack , hold on a minute . there 's someone here who want to talk to you ... jack wait . int . casino - night a man' hand take the phone from jani . int . jack flat - night jack sr' voice jacko - how're you do ? jack dad ! int . casino - night jack sr. he arm round jani , talk into the phone . jack sr I never thank you properly for you help . jani tell I you behave like a perfect gentleman throughout . I know you would . I know my son . int . jack flat - night jack be face be a mask , tight , fix . jack sr' voice the woman think I be go to marry she . but you know I . it 's a shame thing do not work out . but we see you all right . you do not gamble the ten grand , do you ? jack ( huskily ) as a matter of fact I do . but I win . jack sr' voice that 's my boy . how 's that novel of yours come along ? jack slowly put the phone down . he take a deep breath . then smile . jack voice so that be it . the final card . blackjack . his father , eight thousand mile and twenty seven year away , be still deal to he son Jack from the bottom of the deck ... close - up : a copy of the book : 'I croupier ' . jack voice ... but Jake the croupier have a sense of humour . int . jack kitchen - night laugh , jack pour himself a vodka , raise he glass . jack to you . to both of you . he drink at a gulp . he turn . stand in the doorway be bella , wear a nightdress . she be sleepy . bella what be you laugh at ? who be that on the phone ? jack a couple I know be get marry . bella put she arm around he lovingly . bella fool . a whistling sound ... int . casino - night we be back in the first scene . the ball bounce around the spin wheel . the face of the punter . frozen expression . they be almost still . we do not see the croupier . then ... jack voice now he have reach the point where he no longer hear the sound of the ball ... nothing move except the little white ball in the spin wheel . the ball slow ... jack voice ... the spin of the wheel have bring he home to the place where he be bear . jack be face . a hint of a smile . jack voice the croupier 's mission be accomplish . the ball fall into green Zero . jack rake all the chip off the table . there be no winner . the film end on a close - up of jack be face . a look of calm satisfaction . jack voice at last he be master of the game . he have aquire the power ... to make you lose . fade out : the end