guardian of the galaxy vol . 2 written by James gunn black : o.s. " brandy " by looking glass plays . ext . ford cobra mustang - day super : missouri earth 1980 overhead shot : a `79 cobra wind alongside the Missouri River , past sway loosestrife , vibrant sugar maple , and oily self - pump gas station . a hazy sun glint off the hood of the cobra which , like its descendant the milano , be orange and teal . we move down and in on a fresh - face girl of 18 in the passenger seat : meredith quill . as " brandy " blast from the car stereo , she push she fine , feathered hair from she mouth , and sing along , out - of - tune - meredith do do do do do do do do do do do ! the driver , a mysterious man in he 30' , dress in sleek , mod attire , laugh . meredith laugh too . she sing and dance with abandon in she seat . she 's a lively goofball , and it 's apparent where Peter quill receive much of he personality . ext . dairy queen / wood - moment later the cobra pull beside this dairy Queen in a desolate area . ext . wood behind dairy queen - moment later the mysterious man help meredith down the steep hillside into the wood . " brandy " continue to play on the car stereo in the lot behind they . meredith giggle . mysterious man this way , my river lily . meredith where be you take I ? the mysterious man show she a strange sprout nestle amongst the tree . a few inch tall and decidedly alien in nature , its delicate limb twist and turn in a complex pattern . 2 meredith ( cont 'd ) oh . it 's beautiful . the mysterious man look proudly at meredith . with a perpetually excited glint in he eye , and the air of a self - empowerment guru , he be a intoxicating presence . mysterious man I be afraid it would not take to the soil , but it roote quickly . he nod toward the sky between the branch above . mysterious man ( cont 'd ) soon it will be everywhere - all across the universe , fulfil life 's one true purpose . meredith which be what ? mysterious man expansion . the mysterious man take she in he arm . he gaze into she eye . she grow almost teary . meredith I be not sure what you be talk about . but I like the way you say it . mysterious man my heart be yours , meredith quill . meredith I can not believe I fall in love with a spaceman . and they kiss , with passion , and love . " do do do do do do do do do do do ! " sing look Glass as source become score and we tilt down to the plant . it twitches and grow and twist . we push in on it , where we see the plant be make , not only of cellulose and leave , but of a bright cosmic light . and we keeping pushing in , into the plant itself , more flesh - like than you would imagine , where colorful bacteria overcome US as " brandy " distort and transform into something epic . o.s. a crack of interdimensional thunder super : 34 year later 3 ext . the sovereign - outer space a artificial , golden planet , make of interlock orb , revolve around a blue sun . we push in on thunderous interdimensional crack on one small patch of planet . super : the sovereign m49 5iol339p21+h9lni31 I /e. power station - day a dimensional crack snap in the sky overhead . peter quill look from it to a old mattel electronics football game convert into a tracker . a red dot approach . quill showtime , a-hole ! it will be here any minute ! gamora ( o.s. ) which will be its loss . quill turn toward gamora , load a rifle . drax , rocket , and baby groot also ready themselves for battle in this grand , open-air power station . dozen of batteries be couch in conductor tower encircle they . quill , gamora , and rocket wear fly rig . quill be that a rifle ? gamora you do not know what a rifle be ? quill I think you thing be a sword . gamora we have be hire to stop a interdimensional beast from feed on that battery ' energy , and I be go to stop it with a sword ? quill ( mumble to himself ) do not look at I like I be stupid . you be the one be all inconsistent . a louder , larger crack : something seem to be fight its way through the sky . 4 gamora drax , why be not you wear one of rocket 's aero-rig ? drax it hurt . gamora hurt ? drax ( muttering ) I have sensitive nipple . rocket , who be work on a pair of speaker wire to quill 's walkman , laugh hard at this . drax point at he . drax ( cont 'd ) what about he ?! what 's he do ?! rocket if I finish this , we can listen to tune while we work . drax how be that a priority ? rocket blame quill ! he 's the one who love music so much ! quill I agree with drax . it 's hardly important right now . rocket oh , sure , okayyyy , quill . rocket wink at he . quill no , I really agree with he . rocket sure , I know . rocket wink some more . drax I can clearly see you winking . rocket damn . I be use my leave eye ? 5 rocket hear a small growl . he look down and see baby groot - newly unpotted , only nine inch tall or so - angrily throwing aside some forage orloni . then he look up at rocket , explain : groot I be groot . rocket they be not look at you funny . a even larger crack ! rocket swirl as a gigantic beast - a hundred - foot-long lovecraftian monstrosity - break through the interdimensional rift . the abilisk be the color of a pinkie mouse with kaleidoscopic and deadly splatter matter pulsing from its maw . rocket ( cont 'd ) well . that 's intense . rocket , quill , and gamora jet - pack out of the way , while they blast at the creature . drax hollers , charging it with he twin blade . quill turn on he mask . but we focus on baby groot , who trot up to the stereo speaker and walkman . he fiddle with two wire . they spark , the stereo power up , and " mr . blue sky " by electric light orchestra plays as - the credit start baby groot dance in - focus in the foreground as the guardian get pummeled by the beast out-of -focus in the background . baby groot 's dance be arrhythmic and many of he " dance move " be nonsensical mixture of tremble , sway , and make weird face . but it be joyous . as groot strut , quill come rolling behind he . as he stand , he see groot dance and look at he , worried . quill groot , look - ! a tentacle fly in from off - screen , knocking quill out -of - frame as groot dance on , blissfully unaware . 6 groot , smile , dance onward , as drax , in the clutches of a giant tentacle , be slammed numerous time beside he . groot arrive at gamora , who be blast at the off -screen beast . gamora get out of the way , groot ! you be go to get hurt ! groot stop dance . he wave at she . gamora ( cont 'd ) hi. she aero - jets back into the fray . as groot dance , drax fall directly behind he . groot freeze . drax stare at he a moment , suspicious . groot stay freeze . drax leave , and groot commence the dance where he leave off . groot see a insect flying by . suddenly dance be forget and getting this bug be all - important . he chase it . he hop up and grab it from the air ... and start eating it . rocket spot this and fly down beside he , worried . he pry OPEN groots mouth with he finger , frantically try to get it out . rocket spit it out ! spit it out ! groot cough it out . the bug fly crookedly away , one wing mulched . rocket jets off back toward the battle , mutter : rocket ( cont 'd ) disgusting . groot see something else and become furious . we follow he line of sight to a grazing orloni . 7 groot scream a war cry and attack it . he grow he branch around it , and the terrify orloni dart away , dragging groot with it . groot 's anger become panic as he be dragge around by the orloni and can not let go . the orloni dart around the power station and underneath the raging battle , a crying groot bounce along behind it . finally , he lets go and go tumbling , rolling directly into the camera . and then stand up and , as if none of it happen at all , start dancing again . we pan and see the speaker and walkman beside he , and we realize baby groot have travel around the entire power Station and have arrive back where he start - when drax be flung by the beast into the stereo system , smashing it . groot stop dance . angry that drax have ruin he fun , he pick up a piece of the stereo and beat he with it . credit end . drax stand and glare at the ferocious beast as rocket , quill , and gamora blast at it without effect . drax the beast 's hide be too thick to be pierce from the outside . I must cut through it from the inside . gamora huh ? drax hollers , charging the creature . gamora ( cont 'd ) drax , no ! that do not make - the creature open its enormous mouth , screeching , and drax leap inside it , instantly swallow up . quill what be he do ?! gamora he say the skin be too thick to be pierce from the outside , so he -- 8 quill that do not make sense ! gamora I try to tell -- ! quill its skin be the same thickness from the inside as from the out ! gamora I realize that . int . beast' stomach - doesn't matter drax hollers as he slashes away inside the goo of the beast 's stomach . to no avail . I /e. power station - day quill reload he pistol , think . quill gamora , there 's a cut on its neck - rocket , get it to look up . quill and rocket jet up high up over the creature as they blast repeatedly at it . quill ( cont 'd ) hey , you giant Sea monkey , up here ! gamora 's rifle be jamme . she toss it down . pull her sword . snap it OPEN . the beast screech at quill and rocket flying overhead . the colorful splatter matter fly from its mouth , batter rocket , burning he clothes . but its neck be expose , where the skin be thin , and there be a small wound . gamora dash , leaping high into the air , and she plunge she sword directly into the wound . she hold tight to the hilt as she fall , slicing a incision down the length of the creature 's neck . the beast wobbles , topples , and die . as it collapse , drax spill out of the wound . he raise he arm in victory . drax ha ha ! I have single - handedly vanquish the beast ! 9 quill scoff . rocket snort . gamora stare at he , dead -ey . baby groot throw a rock at he . drax ( cont 'd ) what ? I /e. power station - moment later the guardian de-rig by the anulax battery . drax what be they call again ? quill anulax battery . drax harbulary battery . quill that 's nothing like what I just say . but they be worth thousand of unit a piece . which be why the sovereign hire we to protect they . rocket pull out one of the anulax batteries , check it out . gamora , drax , and quill walk on . rocket stay back a moment . quill nod down the walkway , where golden sovereign citizen stand at the edge of the station , gawk . quill ( cont 'd ) just be careful what you say around this folk . they be easily offended and the cost of transgression be death . drax sound judgmental for a bunch of golden moron . quill that 's the kind of thing you might want to keep to yourself . gamora I will hold my tongue , as long as they deliver what be promise . ext . lair of the high priestess - morning a enormous golden palace in the shape of a globe , dapple by morning sunlight . 10 ayesha ( o.s. ) we thank you , guardian , for put you life on the line . we could not risk the life of we own sovereign citizen . int . lair of the high priestess - day high priestess ayesha be stunningly beautiful with golden skin . her chambermaids and other denizen flutter throughout she luxurious lair , all of whom be equally perfect . ayesha every citizen be bear exactly as design by the community , impeccable , both physically and mentally . we control the DNA of we progeny , germinate they in birthing pod . quill I guess I prefer make people the old - fashioned way . ayesha well ... perhaps someday you could give I a history lesson in the archaic way of we ancestor ... for academic purpose . quill yeah , I mean , if it 's for research that could be pretty -- quill see gamora stare at he . quill ( cont 'd ) pretty repulsive . I be not into that kind of casual - gamora oh , please . ( to ayesha ) you people promise something in trade for we service . bring it and we shall gladly be on we way . ayesha nod . two soldier emerge with a woman in a hood and cloak , she wrist bound by shackle . they shove her to her knee and yank back she hood , revealing -- 11 nebula . her clothes be tatter . her hand be now just a low - tech metal claw . she glare at gamora . gamora glare at she . quill look from one to the other , feel the tension . quill ( quietly ) family reunion . yaaaay . ayesha I understand she be you sister ? gamora roughly pick nebula up , start to go . gamora she 's worth no more to I than the bounty due for she on xandar . ayesha we soldier apprehend she attempt to steal the battery . do with she as you please . quill thank you , High priestess ayesha . quill start to go . ayesha what be you heritage , Mr. quill ? quill turn back towards she , uncomfortable with the question . quill my mother be from earth . ayesha and you father ? quill he 's ... not from Missouri , that 's all I know . ayesha stare at he as if she 's eat something foul . ayesha I see it within you , a unorthodox genealogy . a hybrid that seem particularly ... reckless . quill try not to let this affect he , but it do . rocket grin a huge , fake grin at ayesha . 12 rocket you know , they tell I you people be conceit douchebag . but that be not true at all . rocket turn to quill and wink . the guardian shift uncomfortably . rocket ( cont 'd ) oh , shit , I be use my wrong eye again , be not I ? ( to ayesha ) I be sorry . that be mean to be behind you back . drax yank rocket away . gamora and quill head out of the lair . drax and rocket be a few pace behind . drax Count yourself bless they do not kill you . rocket you be tell I . you wanna buy some battery ? rocket grin and show drax something hide in he bag - two anulax batteries . " lake shore drive " by aliotta , hayne , and jeremiah plays . drax laugh . rocket shush he so quill and gamora do not hear . ext . sovereign space dock / the milano - moment later the milano rise into the blue sunset over the sovereign Space dock fill with golden , capsule - shape ship . rocket work the control as they rise up . he speak into the comm : rocket let 's get baldy back to xandar and retrieve that bounty ! int . milano lower flight deck - outer space groot lie on the rear window peer out the back as they pass overhead . 13 on the cassette player awesome mix vol . 2 be play ; we pan away from it , moving in on quill , look perturb as he take off he jacket . gamora be nearby , put shackle on nebula . gamora you all right ? quill that stuff about my father . who do she think she be ? gamora I know you be sensitive about that . quill I be not sensitive about it . I just do not know who he be . gamora nod . quill ( cont 'd ) sorry if it look like I be flirt with she . I be not . gamora I do not care if you be . gamora push nebula to the rear of the craft . quill I think you do care . that 's why I be apologize . quill watch she go , somewhat longingly . drax gamora be not the one for you , quill . quill be startle to see drax directly beside he . drax ( cont 'd ) there be two type of being in the universe . that who dance , and that who do not . quill uh huh . drax I first meet my beloved at a war rally . ( more ) 14 drax ( cont 'd ) everyone in the village flail about , dance . except one woman . my ovette . I know immediately she be the one . quill nod , try to be polite . drax ( cont 'd ) the most melodic song in the world could be play , and she would not even tap she foot . she would not move a muscle . one might assume she be dead . quill well , that be pretty hot , but -- drax it would make my nether region engorge - quill all right , okay , fascinating , do not need to hear it . I get you point , I be a dancer and gamora be not . drax smile kindly , clutches quill 's shoulder . drax you just need to find a woman who be pathetic , like you . at the rear of the ship , gamora roughly restrain nebula . nebula notice a bowl of fruit . nebula I be hungry . Hand I some of that yaro root . gamora no . it 's not ripe yet . and I hate you . nebula you hate I ?! you leave I there while you steal that stone for yourself . yet here you stand , a hero , a Garden of the galaxy ! gamora a what ? nebula stare at she , confuse . 15 gamora ( cont 'd ) ` guardian of the galaxy . ' nebula oh. gamora why would we be `the garden of the galaxy ' ? nebula I do not know . I think it be stupid . gamora yeah , it would be . nebula it 's still wordy . gamora I be not the one who think of it . nebula you name do not matter . I will be free of this shackle soon enough , and I will kill you , I swear . gamora no . you will live out you day in a prison on xandar , wishing you could . warning light flash . I /e. milano flight deck - moment later gamora move up from the stair . rocket and quill be in the pilot seat . drax be move up from the back . quill we get a armed sovereign fleet , approach from the rear . gamora take the center seat , see a rearview scan : Golden , capsule - shape , sovereign omnicraft , with a video screen on front and a blaster on each side - get closer . gamora why would they do that ?! 16 drax probably because rocket steal some of they battery . quill and gamora look at rocket , astound . rocket gawk at drax , betrayed . rocket dude . drax oh , right . he do not steal one of that . I do not know why they be after we . what a mystery this be . the sovereign FIRE upon the milano . quill do he best to evade they blast . quill what be you think ?! rocket dude , it be really easy to steal . gamora that 's you defense ? rocket come on . you see how that high - priestess talk down to we ! I be teach she a lesson ! quill oh ! I do not realize you motivation be altruism . a shame the sovereign have mistaken you intention and be try to kill we . rocket exactly . quill I be be sarcastic ! rocket oh no ! you trick I ! you be suppose to use a sarcastic voice ! now I look foolish ! drax point at rocket and laugh at he . 17 quill shut up , drax ! you know ! you should have tell we ! drax be aghast . he look at rocket . drax do you tell he it be easy to steal ? rocket be you kid I ? drax what ? rocket you never listen to anything ! gamora none of you listen ! can we please just put the bicker on hold until after we survive the massive space battle ?! rocket glance at quill , nodd back at gamora . rocket whoa . somebody wake up on the wrong side of the bed this morning . quill do not try to bro down with I right now , dude . I will frick punch you in you frick face . rocket Real nice ! resorting to violence . quill more income ! more ship fly at they from the front . rocket good ! I want to kill some guy ! they twist and turn between the oncoming ship as rocket fire at they , scream . they explode . on the front of the sovereign ship be the video image of a pilot . 18 sovereign pilot ( on ship ) bloody hell ! int . sovereign pilot BAY - day the same sovereign pilot sit in a remote pod . on a screen in front of she we see rocket firing . the ship be hit and the screen goe static . the Pilot shout in anger , like a kid who lose at a video game . High priestess ayesha survey from a walkway above ; rows of pod contain pilot , all fly they omnicraft remotely . I /e. milano flight deck gamora you be not kill anyone . that ship be all remotely pilote . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day a sovereign admiral be beside ayesha . ayesha what be the delay , Admiral ? admiral High priestess , if we destroy they craft , we risk destroy the battery . they be extraordinarily combustible and could , in turn , destroy the entire fleet . ayesha we have thousand of battery and thousand of ship . we concern be they slight against we people . we hire they and they steal from we ? it be heresy of the high order . the Admiral speak into he comm . admiral all command module - a frightened sovereign pilot , on the outskirt of the battle , hear the Admiral in he headset . admiral ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Fire with the intent to kill . 19 a mean sovereign pilot , firing at the milano , smirk . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space the milano' wing be struck . the emergency system flash on . quill what 's the close habitable planet ? gamora dance she finger over the universal neural teleportation network , click through " jump point " until she find one . gamora it 's call berhert . quill how many jump ? gamora only one . but the access point be 47 click away . and it 's through that quantum asteroid field over there . quill spot , to he side , a huge field of SMALL , glowing asteroid , swirling in random pattern , disappearing out of space and emerging again a few foot or a few yard away . quill zoom sideways toward the field . drax quill , to make it through that , you would have to be the great pilot in the universe . quill smirk . quill lucky for we - rocket I be . rocket flip the pilot control between they so that he 's the one piloting the ship . quill gape at he . the milano dive into the quantum asteroid field , swooping in and around the swirling atomized stone , barely miss they . the sovereign ship follow . they be not pilot on par with rocket , so most of the ship be immediately pelted with stone and destroyed . 20 int . sovereign pilot BAY - day one after another the sovereign pilot screen go blank , and they fall back , angry and upset . push in on ayesha , barely contain she fury . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space quill flip the control back , so he 's piloting again . rocket what be you do ?! quill I have be fly this rig since I be ten year old . rocket I be cybernetically engineered to pilot a spacecraft ! rocket flip the control back to he . quill you be cybernetically engineered to be a douchebag . quill flip the control back to he . gamora stop it ! rocket quill , later on tonight you be gonna lay down in you bed and there 's gonna be something squishy in you pillowcase and you be gonna be , like , `what 's this ? ' and it 's gonna be because I put a turd in there . rocket flip the switch back . quill you put you turd in my bed , I shave you . rocket oh it will not be my turd , it will be drax 's . drax laugh cheerfully . gamora glance at he . he explain : 21 drax I have famously huge turd . gamora we be about to die , and this be what we be discuss ? drax they raise havoc with the pipe . that 's why I do all the plumbing . I take responsibility for my action . unlike some people ... drax eye baby groot . quill groot , he 's right , you have to start aim inside the box . groot look ashamed . quill flip the control back . gamora stop it . rocket switch it back . quill switch it back . they be near the end of the asteroid field when both go to switch it at the same time and -- wham ! a large asteroid smashes through the stern of the milano . I /e. milano live area - outer space a chunk of the rear of the craft disappear . nebula be sucked toward the hole - but , fortunately , she arm be shackle to a post , so she do not fly out . her face and body cover with frost . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space everything fly around the spacecraft , rushing through the hole . groot goe flying , but quill catch he , and casually toss he back to drax -- so that he can punch in a code , cause - 22 I /e. milano live area - outer space a protective ENERGY shield slide up in front of the hole . nebula collapse to the floor . she yell upstairs -- nebula idiot ! I /e. milano flight deck - outer space everyone catch they breath , relieved . rocket well , that 's what you get when quill fly . gamora throws something hard at the back of rocket 's head . rocket ( cont 'd ) ow ! gamora there 's still a sovereign craft behind we ! the electronics flicker . quill we weapon be down ! gamora twenty click to the jump . the mean Pilot blast at they from the sole sovereign craft , taking out another part of a wing . the milano be trembling . drax start climb down into the live area . quill where 's he go ? int . sovereign pilot BAY - day a group of pilot have gather around the mean Pilot , root he on , like kid at a video arcade . frightened pilot come on , Zylak , you can do this . I /e. milano live area - outer space nebula see the bowl of yaro root have spill in front of she . 23 she reach for a piece , but it 's kicked out of her way . she look up to see drax , grab a cable on a spool attach to the wall . drax it 's not ripe . drax hook the cable to he belt . a folder on the wall read spacesuits for emergency and , below that , in rocket 's scrawl : or for fun . drax pull a small disk from the folder . he slap it between he shoulder blade and a shimmery sheath cover he entire body - a thin force - field spacesuit . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space gamora watch the map lead to the jump point . gamora Fifteen click . another blast from the sovereign craft hit they . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day the pilot root on the mean Pilot erupt into cheer . I /e. milano live area - outer space drax grab a huge rifle . he punch button on the wall . a second protective shield open up between he and nebula , and the first protective sheath open , expose he to space -- int . sovereign pilot BAY - day the mean Pilot watch in awe as drax jump out the back of the milano . I /e. milano live area - outer space drax smile . the cable unspool and snap taut when it reach its end . drax be dragge haphazardly by the milano like a water sled on a boat . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space on the map , the jump point get closer . 24 gamora ten click . I /e. milano live area - outer space the mean Pilot blast wildly at drax , miss he by mere inch . drax bring the sight to he eye . aim at the ship . drax die , spaceship . and he shoot , blasting the sovereign ship . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day the mean Pilot scream as he light go out . the frightened Pilot shake he head in disgust . frightened pilot you suck , Zylak . Zylak be really sad . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space as quill and rocket leave the asteroid field , it seem for a moment they be scot-free ... gamora five click ! then dozen of omnicraft pull around they on both side . quill son-of -a -! they go around the field ! int . sovereign pilot BAY - day ayesha smile . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space it look like the end of the road for the guardian when - there be a blinding burst of light and all of the omnicraft explode . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day ayesha watch in shock as the screen in the pod go dead . 25 admiral someone destroy all the ship . ayesha what ?! who ?! but the Admiral do not know . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space rocket see the bright white light be emanate from a oval - shape spacecraft . rocket what be that ?! quill see the flickering framework of a jump point . quill do not matter ! that 's the jump point ! go ! go ! as they be about to reach the jump point , rocket see a man stand casually atop the oval ship , light bursting through he body and into the craft - the source of the explosion . rocket it 's a guy . quill do not see as the milano disappear into the jump point . I /e. milano live area / directly above berhert - day the ship pop in here , teleporting directly above the earth - like planet . because the ship be in such bad shape , part of it tear off and spiral away as it enter this new atmosphere . I /e. milano flight deck - outer space gamora see drax be drag in the rearview monitor . gamora oh my God . I /e. milano live area / directly above berhert - day drax whip wildly out of the back of the ship . the cable spool on the wall be come off - I /e. milano flight deck / berhert forest - day quill see a green forest approaching unbelievably fast . 26 he turn toward gamora , but she 's go . instead baby groot be sit alone , happily munch on candy as if he 's watch a movie . quill groot , put on you seat belt ! I /e. milano live area / directly above berhert - day the spool detach and fly toward the back , which would leave drax in the upper reach of the planet 's atmosphere - but gamora have make it downstairs - she grab onto the spool with one hand while clutching onto a secure part of the ship with she other . as it snap tight , it nearly wrench she apart . she groans . quill prepare for a really bad - the milano hit the tree , barreling over they . they part and flatten and swat at the windshield . out back , gamora hold tight despite searing pain , as drax bounce violently off the tree . drax ow ! ow ! ow ! ow ! and , eventually , the milano come to a abrupt stop . super : berhert m20 22a4834126+306ca12 drax push himself up in the dirt . he chuckle . he glance back at gamora like the madman he be . drax ( cont 'd ) that be awesome . gamora nod , sure , yeah , okay , whatever , dude . I /e. crashed milano - clearing - moment later crane down over the smoking , batter milano to we heroes , and a still - shackle nebula . gamora either one of you could have get we through that field , if you have fly with what 's between you ear instead of what 's between you leg ! 27 quill if what 's between my leg have a hand on it , I guarantee I could have land this ship . gamora it 's not funny , Peter . we almost die . because of you arrogance . quill ( re : rocket ) more like because he stole anulax battery ! drax they be call harbulary battery . quill no , they be not ! rocket you know why I do it , Star -munch ? quill fume . rocket ( cont 'd ) do you ? quill I be not go to answer to ` Star - munch . ' rocket I did it because I wanted to . quill Dick . rocket what be we even talk about this for ? we just have a little man save we by blow up fifty ship ! drax how little ? rocket show he with he finger and thumb . rocket like this . gamora a little one - inch man save we ? 28 rocket well , if he get closer I be sure he would be much larger . quill that 's how eye work , you stupid raccoon . rocket do not call I a raccoon ! quill oh , I be sorry , I mean to say `trash panda . ' rocket pause , unsure , look at drax . rocket be that better ? drax I do not know . quill it 's worse . rocket you son -of -a -!! rocket leap , snapping at quill , when nebula look up into the sky . nebula someone follow you through the jump point . a huge spaceship hover overhead . the guardian cock there weapon as they fall back -to - back in tight formation . nebula ( cont 'd ) set I free . you will need my help . gamora I be not a fool , nebula . nebula you be a fool if you deprive yourself a hand in combat . gamora you will attack I the moment I let you go . 29 nebula ( mumbly , unconvincing ) no , I will not . quill you would think a evil supervillain would learn how to properly lie . drax I bet it 's the one-inch man !! the ship land , crushing all of the tree around it . a hatch open , and a adventurous , outer space frontiersman step forward . he have grow harden and haggard over the year , but he be definitely the mysterious man from the beginning of the film . mantis , a creepy woman with antennae , emerge behind he . the man smile . mysterious man after all this year , I have find you . quill who the hell be you ? mysterious man I figure my rugge good look would make that obvious . my name 's ego . and I be you dad , Peter . ext . contraxia - outer space quiet . a planet of mostly water and white icy patch of land , revolve around two overlap sun . super : contraxia m15 5127512731+x1955kx ext . the iron lotus - day snow fall gently over this sleepy , pastel - color town of wood and stone building . push in on the Iron Lotus , a robot brothel and saloon . assorted ravager , include kraglin , as well as some robotic courtesan , be drunk and giggling , try to catch snowflake on they tongue . 30 int . iron lotus suite - day yondu udonta be stare out the window as he put on he pants . he look utterly disconnect and alone . behind he be three robot courtesan . one push a button on she neck and she power down . tullk ( o.s. ) yondu ! come on down ! yondu look down at the street where a older ravager , tullk , drunkenly dance , wave for he to join . int . iron lotus - moment later yondu exit he suite . two bodyguard , brahl and half - nut , salute and follow he as he descend the stairwell . at the bottom of the stair a group of ravager in blue uniform laugh . a gruff , older warrior , stakar , and a man seemingly make of diamond , martinex be among they . yondu stop when he see they . he 's strike . stakar laugh as he tell a story - stakar and I be like , aleta , I love you , but you be crazy now , you always be - yondu approach stakar with trepidation . yondu stakar . stakar be surprised to see he . yondu ( cont 'd ) be some time . I would - stakar seem like this establishment be the wrong kind of disreputable . the blue-coat turn and walk away . yondu stakar ... stakar glance at the proprietor as he pass she . 31 stakar there be a hundred ravager faction , sneeper . you just lose the business of ninety - nine by serve one . proprietor please , sir ! Sir ! yondu stand there for a moment , hurt , as they head out the door . but , little by little , he hurt turn to rage and he follows . ext . iron lotus - day yondu trot quickly toward stakar and the other . yondu you all can go to hell ! I do not care what you think of I ! stakar swirl toward he , furious . stakar then why you follow we for ?! yondu ` Cause you will listen to what I get to say ! stakar I do not get to listen to nothing ! you betrayed the code ! ravager do not deal in kid ! yondu I do not know what be go on - stakar you do not know `cause you do not want to know , `cause it make you rich ! yondu I demand a seat at the table ! I wear the flame same as you ! stakar you may dress like a ravager but you will not hear no horn of freedom when you die , boy , and the color of ogord will not flash over you grave ! ( more ) 32 stakar ( cont 'd ) you think I take some pleasure in exile you , you be wrong . you break all we heart . stakar and the other storm away . martinex stay a moment , stare at yondu , and then move on too . yondu be leave alone , shake as the white snow fall gently on he blue face . nearby , a monstrous ravager lean in toward kraglin , tullk , gef the ravager , oblo , and retch . as he eye yondu , he whisper : monstrous ravager first quill betray we and yondu just let he go , scot -free . now he 's get all rile over nothing . we follow he `cause he be the one be not afraid to do what need to be do . seem like he 's go soft . kraglin if he 's so soft why you whisper for ? monstrous ravager you know I be right , kraglin . tullk you best watch what you say about the cap'n , tay - retch who the hell be that ?! tullk stop when he see High priestess ayesha approach beside they . the chambermaid roll out a long blue cloth so she do not touch unconsecrate ground . she stop at the carpet 's end . do she best to force a smile . ayesha yondu udonta , I have a proposition for you . yondu look at she . ego ( pre - lap ) when you mother pass away , I hire yondu to pick you up . 33 ext . campfire / crashed milano - night quill sit around a campfire with ego , mantis and the other , eat . ego indulge heartily . ego ( cont 'd ) I would have do so myself , but I be in the midst of a outlandish adventure at the time , battle demonic force to save this dimension or some such nonsense - I can not quite recall , it all bleed together after awhile . but instead of return you , yondu keep you . I have no clue as to why . quill because I be a skinny kid who could squeeze into place adult could not , make thieve easier . ego I have be try to track you down ever since . drax I think yondu be you father . quill what ? drax stare at he . quill ( cont 'd ) we have be together all this time and you think yondu be my actual , blood relative ? drax you look exactly alike . rocket one 's blue . quill he be not my father . yondu be the guy who abduct I . he would beat the crap out of I so I would learn how to fight and he keep I in terror threaten to eat I . ego eat you ?! 34 quill yes . ego that son-of-a-bitch . gamora how would you locate we now ? ego even where I reside , out past the edge of what 's know , we have hear tell of the man they call Star - Lord . he stand , hand he dish to gamora . ego ( cont 'd ) say we head out that way now ? you associate be welcome , even that triangle - face monkey there . rocket , self - conscious , feel he nose . ego ( cont 'd ) I promise you , it 's like no place you have ever see . and there I can explain you very special heritage , and finally be the father I have always want to be . ( almost teary ) ` scuse I . I gotta take a whizz . ego leave . quill look at gamora . quill not buy it . gamora Peter , we need to take a walk . ext . campfire / crashed milano - night ego be whistling " brandy " and peeing into the bush . mantis look at drax . she grins , or at least she best attempt at grin . it 's kind of creepy . mantis I be mantis . drax what be you do ? 35 mantis smiling . I hear it be the thing to do to make people like you . drax not if you do it like that . mantis oh . I be raise alone on ego 's planet . I do not understand the intricacy of social interaction . she point at rocket . mantis ( cont 'd ) can I pet you puppy ? it be adorable . drax ( mischievous ) yes ... she go to pet rocket : startle , he swirl and snap at she . mantis ahh ! she pull back she hand . drax laugh , heartily . drax that 's call a practical joke ! she giggle . mantis I like it very much ! they both laugh together . nebula shake she head with disbelief . ext . beside crashed milano - moment later quill and gamora enter this private spot ; the campfire flicker through the tree beyond they . quill give I a break ! after all this time , and he just expect to be my dad all of the sudden ! gamora I hear you . 36 quill I mean , this could be a trap - the kree purist , the ravager , now the sovereign - they all want we dead . gamora I know , but - quill but what ? gamora what be that story you tell I about Zardu hasselfrau ? quill who ? gamora the wonderful television - singer man . he have a magic boat . quill David hasselhoff ? gamora right . quill he have a talk car , not a magic - gamora why do it talk again ? quill just to be a good friend , I guess . gamora and as a child you carry he picture in you pocket , and you tell the other child he be you father , but he be out of town -- quill ( embarrassed ) shoot knight Rider or touring with he band in Germany . why be you bring this up now ? I be drunk when I tell you that . gamora I love that story . 37 quill I do not . it 's just sad ! I be so sad because I would see the other kid off play catch with they dad , and I want that , more than anything in the world . gamora take quill 's hand in she own . gamora my point be , maybe this man be you hasselhoff . I know it 's a long shot . but I lose my father as a child . I would give anything ... quill nod , grudgingly . gamora ( cont 'd ) if he end up be evil , we will just kill he . quill chuckle . gamora ( cont 'd ) what 's funny ? I /e. crashed milano - sunrise Inside the ship , " the chain " by fleetwood mac plays on the cassette player . nebula be angry . nebula you be leave I with that fox ?! rocket be soldering the ship . gamora he 's not a fox . gamora glance at rocket as she grab she outer - space - adventurer version of luggage . gamora ( cont 'd ) shoot she if she do anything suspicious . or if you feel like it . rocket grunt . gamora look at a sad baby groot . gamora ( cont 'd ) it will just be a couple day . we will be back before rocket 's finish fix the ship . 38 gamora step out . rocket see groot , who be about to cry as he watch they go . drax and quill come from the back of the ship . drax what about you spool of song ? quill I have clone . drax what if the sovereign come ? quill there 's no way for they to know they be here . drax I be uncertain about parting way . quill you be like a old woman . drax because I be wise ? quill turn to rocket as drax and gamora head toward the ship . he start to say something nice - perhaps something conciliatory but -- rocket hope daddy be not as big of a dick as you , orphan boy . quill just shake he head and snicker . quill so what 's you goal here ? to get everyone to hate you ? ` Cause it 's work . quill turn back around with gamora and drax and walk away . rocket look at the other leave as the song become score : I can still hear you say you will never break the chain . rocket watch they move away . in slow - motion , quill , drax , and gamora approach the oval ship . the slit open . ego , with mantis , be wait inside . ego smile and clasp he hand on quill as he enter . 39 int . ego ship . sunrise quill sit back against the wall , alone , nervous . he look across the way at a sleep chamber , where mantis help ego lie down on a slab . she place she hand on he forehead with she hand : she antennae alight . and he drift off to sleep . quill take a small , fold piece of paper out of he pocket . it 's the photo of david hasselhoff . he look at it , then look at ego . quill 's eye fill with cautious hope . and the song end . ext . berhert - moment later ego 's ship rise , block out the sun . ext . ego' ship - outer space the orb move through a rainbowish funnel of space and time ; technology beyond what even the guardian know . int . ego' ship - outer space quill and drax be drink tea and laughing with mantis . quill can I ask you a personal question ? mantis oh , no one have ever ask I a personal question ! quill the antennae , what be they for ? mantis they purpose ? gamora enter , pour herself some tea . drax yes , quill and I have a bet . quill you be not suppose to say that . 40 drax I say that if you be about to go through a doorway that be too low , you antennae will feel this , and stop you from be decapitate . quill just make clear - if it 's anything else - any other answer - I win ? gamora smile , warm by the good - nature , by-now - familiar bicker between quill and drax . mantis they be not for feel doorway . drax ( bummed ) damn . I just lose my entire life 's savings . quill Three pair of pants . mantis I think they have something to do with my empathic ability . gamora what be - ? mantis if I touch someone I can feel they feeling - quill you read mind ? mantis no. telepath know thought . empath feel feeling . emotion . she look at quill . mantis ( cont 'd ) May I ? quill do not stop she . mantis , cautiously , touch he . her hand quiver as he emotion shoot through she and she antennae alight . she be move . mantis ( cont 'd ) you feel love . 41 quill yeah , I guess , yeah , I have sort of a general , unselfish love for everyone . mantis no , romantic , sexual love . quill no . no , I do not . mantis nod at gamora . mantis for she . quill no . gamora be embarrassed . drax start laughing uproariously . drax she just tell everyone you deep , darkest secret , quill ! hahahahahaha !!! quill what the hell , dude ? that 's a total overreaction . drax slap he chest . drax do I ! do I ! mantis touch drax . she grin brightly . mantis I have never feel such humor ! she start giggling and before long both she and drax be laughing hysterically . quill you get to be kid I . drax and mantis both point at quill , clutching onto each other and falling over with laughter . quill 's humiliate . quill ( cont 'd ) that 's so incredibly uncool . mantis wipe the tear from she eye , compose herself . she go to touch gamora , who grab she wrist though she clothes . 42 gamora touch I . and the only thing you be go to feel be a break jaw . mantis smile , nod , back away . mantis I can also alter emotion , to some extent . quill like what ? mantis if I touch someone who be sad I can ease they into contentment , for a short while . I can make a stubborn person compliant . but I mostly use it to help my master sleep . he lie awake at night , think about he progeny . quill look at she , strike by this . drax do one of that on I ! mantis touch he . he grin expectantly . mantis sleep . drax collapse , instantly asleep . mantis smile at the other , hope she have pleased . quill and gamora look at drax , snoring . they be surprised . gamora be that real ? quill it 's kind of like someone put a baby 's head on a big , muscular body , be not it ? fade to black . o.s. alien insect chirp ext . crashed milano - night four moon shine over the forest . the campfire crackle beside the milano , and " southern night " by glenn campbell emerge from the cassette player within . 43 the monstrous ravager and kraglin lead a group of ravager up over a ravine . dozen of m- ship quietly lower behind they . kraglin nod toward the sound of Glenn Campbell in the distance . they raise they weapon . overhead shot : dozen and dozen of ravager come from different direction , surround the milano . one ravager cluster , lead by half - nut , creep close enough to the milano that they see the light within the vehicle and can hear rocket inside humming along to the song . half - nut lick he lip in anticipation , close in for the kill , when he step on a small pedal . it click . a hundre dart fly at the group from trap set in tree . they stick into the ravager ' body , knock they instantly unconscious . as one ravager fall , a gunshot be discharge . int . crashed milano - night nebula be awaken by the shot . she see a frighten groot , peer through a hole at the body fall . pull back to reveal , beside he , a futuristic walkie- talkie with rocket' hum emerge . ext . crashed milano - percussive bomb trap - night rocket be crouch on a limb in shadow above the milano , smile and humming to " Southern Night " into he comm . he spot a larger group of ravager approaching the milano from the other side , lead by retch . rocket leap toward they , from one tree limb to another like a squirrel . the group enter a clear close to the ship . a tall ravager look up and spot rocket leaping over there head . tall ravager there ! the ravager blast at rocket , follow he . he hop from tree to tree as bullet whizz past he , lead they right where he want they . he stop in a tree at the end of the run . he hold a device with two button . he press one of they . a percussive bomb at the foot of the ravager burst , send half of they flying up into the air . 44 as the confuse group on the ground watch , rocket press the second button and a second bomb burst . they fly up into the AIR as well . rocket snicker , as he continue push the button and the two group of ravager fly up and down until the bomb be deplete of energy . retch look up from the ground , to see the little animal hopping away in the tree limb overhead . ext . crashed milano - sticky disk trap - night a even larger group of ravager walk beneath the branch , moonlight flickering on there face . tilt up to reveal rocket' silhouette on a gnarled limb . he 's clutching a armful of small disc . he breathes shallowly , wait . as soon as the last ravager be pass beneath he , he leap onto he back . rocket jump forward from one man to the next , slapping a sticky - disc to each of they head - slap ! slap ! slap ! slap ! and then he leap from the ravager at the front of the line back up into the tree . the man be confuse . they bring they finger to the sticky disc on they body . rocket smile in the tree as he flick a trigger . the sticky - disc send electricity coursing through all of the men be body . they convulse for a moment , then collapse . ext . crashed milano - clearing - night rocket leap to the ground in a crouch . he see brahl approach in front of he , and then another ravager approach from behind . they train they weapon on he . brahl ai not so tough now without all you toy , be you ? rocket leap up onto brahl 's face . he punch he in the thorax so hard he can not breathe . the other ravager shoot at he , but rocket backflip over the shot so brahl be struck instead . 45 rocket land on the back of the shooter 's neck and rapid - FIRE punch he in the head , until the man crumple to the ground , unconscious . as rocket land , he hear whistling and he look up to see -- yondu's arrow flying through the tree , directly toward he . rocket crap . another high - pitch whistle and the arrow stop abruptly , floating with the tip almost graze rocket 's forehead . yondu waltze out of the tree with tullk , kraglin , the monstrous ravager , and many more . rocket reluctantly raise he hand in surrender . yondu hey there , rat . rocket how 's it go , you blue idiot ? yondu eh , not so bad . we get a pretty good gig . a golden gal with quite a high opinion of herself offer we a large sum to deliver you and you pal to she , so she can kill y'all . int . crashed milano - night nebula look out the window to see even more ravager surround rocket . she look at baby groot . nebula you friend . there 's too many of they . they be go to kill he . groot look as if he 's about to cry . nebula ( cont 'd ) he need my help . if you care about he , you need to get I out of this bond . groot be unsure . 46 ext . crashed milano - clearing - night the ravager have entirely encircle rocket . there 's no chance of escape . though upset , he mostly hold it in . yondu pretty easy to find you , since we put a tracer on you ship back during the War over xandar . rocket you give I you word you will not hurt groot , and I will tell you where the battery be . yondu lucky for you my word do not mean squat . otherwise I would actually hand you over . monstrous ravager otherwise you would what ?! yondu scowl at the monstrous ravager . yondu we will take the battery . they be worth a a quarter mile on the open market - monstrous ravager that priestess offer we a million ! a quarter be only one third of that ! yondu a quarter be not one - th - oblo a quarter be four time a million ! we be in the money ! gef the ravager no , idiot . a quarter be twenty - five . yondu no - gef the ravager we can not even buy a pair of boot with twenty - five unit ! 47 yondu the point be , we be not stupid enough to help kill the guardian of the galaxy . we would have the whole nova Corps on we . kraglin ( realizing ) that be not right . I just gotta say it this one time , cap and . everyone look at kraglin . kraglin ( cont 'd ) no matter how many time quill betray you , you protect he , like none of the rest of we much matter . I be the one what stick up for you , I and tullk . monstrous ravager damn straight , lad . you be right : he 's go soft . s'pose it 's time for a change in leadership ! kraglin uh - the monstrous ravager point he weapon at yondu . other follow he lead . a handful of other , include tullk and the innocent ravager , raise they weapon in they Captain 's defense , so that the whole circle be aim at one another . kraglin be confuse . tullk put you damn gun down ! rocket be in the center of the potential crossfire . rocket hold on ! there 's get to be some sort of peaceful resolution here ! or even a violent resolution , where I be stand over there . yondu glare at the monstrous ravager . his fin light up and he start to whistle when - a gunshot ring out ; the fin be blown off the top of yondu be head . the arrow clatter to the ground . 48 rocket watch as yondu , confuse , totter there for a moment , and then collapse -- revealing nebula behind he , clutching a smoking pistol . rocket look at she , dead - eye : really ? she shoot he with a blast of electricity , knock he unconscious . the ravager gape at nebula . nebula well , hello , boy . she take a bite from a piece of yaro root she steal from the milano . as she chew , she become disgust . she spit it out . nebula ( cont 'd ) it 's not ripe . ext . red planet - moment later ego 's ship arrive at a bold red planet , twist in front of a enormous yellow sun , so close it seem like the sun be about to devour it . " my sweet lord " by GEORGE harrison plays . super : ego' planet g52 22c848t12f+e16uc22 int . ego' ship - sleep chamber - outer space mantis set she hand on ego 's forehead , waking he . ext . ego' planet / spaceport - moment later ego 's ship land in a spaceport . it organically join the spot where it land - strand of material actually link up with the landing pad itself . from the front of the craft , a floating tram emerge , with ego , mantis , quill , gamora , and drax . as the tram glide toward its destination , the guardian be overwhelm by transcendentally splendid surroundings . the plant life be colorful and alien . tall , twist obelisk seem to have no function other than beauty itself . ego welcome , friend , to my world . quill wow . you have you own planet ? 49 ego but a trifle , no larger than you earth 's moon . drax humility . I like it . I too , be extraordinarily humble . even gamora smile at the wonder of it all . multicolor mercurial clump float by . drax poke one , and it burst into a dozen vibrant hue . ext . tram / palace - moment later ahead of they loom a astounding palace atop a mountain . quill it 's beautiful . the tram stop . they step off it and toward the palace , ego stop beside a large fountain . ego Peter , consider this a token of a father 's pride . ego motion ; the water of the fountain fall away , revealing a giant statue of STAR - lord : quill stand heroically , with foolish - look guardian kneel around he worshipfully . ego ( cont 'd ) a memorial to the War over xandar , when you single - handedly save the galaxy . gamora single -handedly ? quill whoa . it 's perfect . gamora you have get to be kid . drax why be I dead ? why do you all kill I ?! gamora that 's ronan . that 's you . 50 drax be sit on quill 's shoulder , with a raccoon tail . drax when be I that tiny ? gamora shake she head in disbelief . they step past the statue and onto the step approach the palace . gamora you own a planet and can destroy two dozen spaceship without a suit . what be you , exactly ? ego I be what they call a celestial , sweetheart . the guardian stop behind he , astound . quill a celestial . like a ... god ? ego small `g ' , son . at least on the day I be feel humble as drax . he laugh and walk up the stair . int . palace - moment later ego saunters with quill , gamora , drax , and mantis , through the enormous open door , toward huge dioramas lining either side of the palace , like cosmic station of the Cross . ego this form you see before you be only a extension of who I truly be . I do not know where I come from , exactly . the dioramas around they begin to animate : in the first , a flickering brain composed of polychromatic light float in space . ego ( cont 'd ) the first thing I remember be flicker , adrift in the cosmos - utterly and entirely alone . the flicker brain pull cosmic dust and rock into itself , ingest they , growing . 51 ego ( cont 'd ) I feed on the matter around I like plankton . I grow smarter and stronger . a hard metal shell form around the brain , with channel run through for he energy to flow like river . ego ( cont 'd ) I form a sheathe to protect myself from the element . ego continue develop outward from the shell , grow the planet , then its beautiful landscape and structure . ego ( cont 'd ) and continue building from there , layer by layer , the very planet you walk on now . I build the spire reach up to the sky and the tunnel burrow into its depth . quill wow . ego but I be no ant to be fulfil solely by labor . I want more . I desire ... meaning . in the core shell - the self chamber - the flicker brain float , alone , perhaps sad . ego ( cont 'd ) there must be some life out there in the universe besides just I , I think , and I set myself to task with find it . the brain grow a skeletal framework of light up from the self chamber and to the surface of the planet . he pull molecule around this shape to create he " human " self . ego ( cont 'd ) I create what I imagine biological life might be like , down to the most minute detail . drax do you make a penis ? quill dude . 52 drax if he 's a planet , how do he make a baby with you mother ? he would smush she . quill I do not need to hear about how my parent , you know - drax why ? my father would tell I the story of impregnate my mother every winter solstice . quill that 's disgusting . drax it be beautiful . you earther have hang -up . ego yes , drax , I have get a penis . quill oh my God . ego it 's not half bad . I have also get pain receptor , a digestive system , and all the accompany junk . I want to experience what it truly mean to be human as I set out amongst the star . in another diorama , ego explore various uninhabited and barren planet . ego ( cont 'd ) I visit thousand of planet over thousand of year , one barren husk after the next until I find what I seek ... ego stare down at a cute alien child . ego ( cont 'd ) life . I be not alone in this universe after all . ego reminisc : wistful ? sad ? it 's hard to tell . quill when do you meet my mother ? 53 ego not long after . ego turn toward the last set of dioramas . they show meredith and ego kissing and ego with he hand on meredith 's pregnant belly . ego ( cont 'd ) it be with meredith that I experience love for the first time . I call she my river lily . and from that love , Peter , you . in the final diorama we push in on the belly and see , inside the womb , very young Peter quill , a fetus , himself encase in light . quill look up in amazement - this story be the story of himself . and ego gaze at quill with adoration . ego ( cont 'd ) I searched for you for so long . when I hear a man from earth hold a infinity Stone in he hand without die , I know you must be the son of the woman I love . ego put he hand on quill . quill want to believe , but he can not quite let it go . quill if you love she why do you leave she ? ext . the eclector - outer space the ravager ' massive ship float in space . super : ravager territory he2 6sm6r16617+6241023 tullk ( o.s. ) you can not do this ! int . eclector central area - outer space ravager laugh as they drag tullk across the floor while he struggle to get free . tullk this be mutiny ! mutiny ! they shove tullk into a cylindrical room as a glass door close on he . 54 he continue scream and slamming on the glass , but we can barely hear he . half - nut smile and press a button . the outside of the compartment open so that tullk be sucked into space . ext . the eclector - outer space tullk float away , open he mouth to scream , but he can not . his face and body swell quickly and he expire there . as we curl around he lifeless body , we reveal the countless other corpse of ravager loyal to yondu , lead like bread crumb toward nothing at all . int . eclector central area - outer space yondu watch this , helplessly . he 's in a chair , he hand tie behind he . he 's a wreck , he headpiece destroy , wire hang from a gap in he head where the fin use to be . he see the mutineer grab the innocent oblo , dragging he to the same fate as tullk . oblo cap and , help I ! cap and ?! yondu drop he head in shame . monstrous ravager you be the one what kilt that man by lead `em down the wrong path . he punch yondu . monstrous ravager ( cont 'd ) because you be weak . he punch he again . monstrous ravager ( cont 'd ) and stupid . the monstrous ravager turn towards the ravager , who listen , rapt and vengeful . nebula lean calmly against a wall , watch . kraglin watch too , seemingly concerned . monstrous ravager ( cont 'd ) it 's time for the ravager to once again rise to glory with a new cap and ... taserface . the ravager shout in approval . taserface throw he arm up in glory - when he hear snickering . he stop . 55 he and the other ravager turn and see rocket , also in a chair with he arm secure behind he , giggling . rocket I be sorry . you name be ... it 's ` taserface ' ? taserface that 's right . rocket do you ... shoot taser out of you face ? taserface it 's metaphorical ! rocket for what ? taserface think . time for a new answer : taserface it 's a name what strike fear in anyone what hear it ! rocket ( doubtful ) really ?... okay , sure . taserface scream at he , spit flying everywhere . taserface you shut up ! you be next ! taserface go back to yondu , bring out he blade . taserface ( cont 'd ) udonta , I be wait to do this for a long it - again they hear snickering . rocket be bury he mouth in he chest , try to stop from cracking up . taserface ( cont 'd ) what ?! what ?! rocket I be sorry , I be so sorry . I just keep imagine you waking up one morning , look in the mirror , and , in all seriousness , say ` you know what would be a really kickass name ? taserface ! ' 56 nebula smirk . the ravager be try not to laugh . rocket can not stop laughing . rocket ( cont 'd ) what be you second choice ?! scrotum hat ?! the ravager all bust out laughing . taserface New plan . we be kill you first . taserface shove he back , ready to plunge the knife in he . rocket 's smile disappear . he stare at taserface with dead eye . rocket well , die be certainly better than have to live a entire life as a moronic shitbag who think ` taserface ' be a cool name . taserface go to stab he , when - nebula that 's enough kill for today . taserface turn toward she , irritate . taserface think you be the biggest sadist in the galaxy . nebula that be when daddy be pay my bill . the priestess want to kill the fox herself . and he - ( re : yondu ) - have bounty on he head in at least twelve kree province . taserface glare at she . it 's obvious he 's consider attack she . nebula ( cont 'd ) I assure you , I be not as easy a mark as a old man without he magic stick or a talk woodland beast . taserface decide not to risk it . 57 nebula ( cont 'd ) I want ten percent of the take , and a couple more thing . int . eclector docking BAY hall - later nebula be try out a brand new hand as kraglin lead she through this hall . kraglin we get a whole box of hand if that one do not work out . nebula it 's fine . kraglin you think they kree be gonna execute the cap and ? nebula the kree consider themselves merciful . it will be painless . kraglin come to a open doorway beside a huge docking BAY , and a m-ship deck out with lot of weapon . kraglin well , there it be , best ship we get . the location of ego 's planet 's in the nav . we will wire you the ten percent when we 's pay . what you gonna do with you share ? nebula stop at the doorway . nebula as a child my father would have gamora and I battle one another in vtrain . ' every time my sister prevaile my father would replace a piece of I with machinery , claim he want I to be she equal . but she win , again and again and again . never once refraining . because of they , I be this . so after I murder my sister , I will buy a warship with every conceivable instrument of death . ( more ) 58 nebula ( cont 'd ) I will hunt my father like a dog and I will tear he apart slowly , piece by piece , until he know some semblance of the profound and uncease pain I know every single day . kraglin stare at she , weird - out . kraglin yeah ... I be talk about , like , a pretty necklace . or a nice hat . something that will make the other girl go `oooooo , that 's nice . ' nebula give he a look of pure death . kraglin ( cont 'd ) anyway , uh , happy trail . int . palace courtyard - day quill look up at a giant sculpture of he mother . he be upset . ego be behind he , watch he , sadly . quill my mother tell everyone my father be from the star . quill turn to look at he father , somewhat accusatory . quill ( cont 'd ) she have brain cancer - so everyone think she be delusional . ego look sad , ashamed . ego peter - quill listen . I would love to believe all of this , I really would - but you leave the most wonderful woman ever , to die alone ! ego have tear in he eye . ego I do not want to leave you mother , Peter . but if I do not return regularly to this planet , and the light within , this form will wither and perish -- 59 quill so why do not you come back ?! why would you send yondu , a criminal , of all people , to fetch I ?! ego I love you mother , Peter ! I could not stand to set foot on a earth where she be not live ! you can not imagine what that 's like ! quill I know exactly what that 's like ! I have to watch she die ! ego stop , seem to hear he son . he touch he . ego over the million and million of year of my existence I have make many mistake , Peter . but you be not one of they . please give I the chance to be the father she would want I to be . quill look at he , vulnerable . ego ( cont 'd ) there be so many thing I need to teach you . this planet , and the light within ... they be a part of you . quill what do you mean ? ego take quill 's hand in he own , gently , put they in the correct position . ego give I you hand , son . here . hold they like that . quill hold he hand apart . ego step back , hold he hand in the same way . ego ( cont 'd ) now close you eye and concentrate . take you brain to the center of the planet . quill concentrate . he hold he hand out . a white light emanate from it . 60 ego ( cont 'd ) yes ! yes ! quill whoa . the light disappear as quickly as it come . ego yes , yes - it 's okay . just relax . concentrate . you can do it . bring it back . quill concentrate and the light , once again , burst up from the palm of he hand . ego ( cont 'd ) yes , yes , now - shape it - ego show he , pull in the molecule around he , so that the light itself form into the shape of a ball . ego ( cont 'd ) feel the energy . quill try to pull molecule into the ball . and , little by little , they come , and the ball glow brighter . ego ( cont 'd ) yes . quill laugh . ego be joyous . he almost look as if he 's go to break down in tear . ego ( cont 'd ) you be home , Peter . ego cup he hand . ego ( cont 'd ) here . quill , smile , throws he the ball . ego laugh . he inspect the cosmic ball of light , and he throw it back to quill . quill laugh , catch it , and throw it back . ego move back further . and ego and quill continue toss the ball back and forth there , laughing , a friendly father and son game of catch in the middle of a palace courtyard . 61 ext . palace - day drax and mantis sit here , soaking in the sun and gaze at the lush , flow hill , like something a alien maxfield parrish would paint . drax how do you get here ? mantis ego find I in my larva state , orphane on my homeworld . he raise I by hand , and keep I as he own . drax so you be a pet ? mantis I suppose . drax people usually want cute pet . why would ego want a hideous one ? mantis I be hideous ? drax you be horrifying to look at , yes . mantis seem sad about this . drax notice this , feel bad . drax ( cont 'd ) but it be a good thing . mantis oh ? drax when you be ugly and someone love you , you know they love you for who you be . beautiful people never know who to trust . mantis well , then I be certainly grateful to be ugly ! ( thinking ) poor gamora . she can never trust anyone . drax nod and stare out at spatter patch of water . 62 drax that pool remind I of a time I take my daughter to visit the forgotten Lakes on my homeworld . she be like you . mantis disgusting ? drax innocent . drax stare out at they without expression . slowly , mantis touch he shoulder . and , as she do , tear instantly flow down her cheek . she stare with drax at the hill . they feel the sadness together : she cry while he 's stoic . mantis I have never meet anyone like you , or you friend . you be fill with such ... love . it be a thing I do not know exist , not like this , and I think ... I think it may be the very finest of all thing . it both hurt and soothes the heart . she look at drax . there be something she want to say , but she be tear . mantis ( cont 'd ) drax , there be something I must tell - gamora ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? drax and mantis turn to see she behind they . she smile . mantis I be learn many thing . like I be a pet and ugly . gamora you be not ugly . ( admonishing ) drax . drax , confuse , point at mantis , as if she ugliness prove itself . 63 gamora ( cont 'd ) mantis , can you show we where we will be stay ? I be get eye-strain in this place . mantis nod , yes . ext . path to sleeping quarter - moment later gamora , drax , and mantis walk across the sunset . gamora why be there no other being on this planet ? mantis the planet be ego . a dog would not invite a flea to live on he back . gamora and you be not a flea ? mantis I be a flea with a purpose . I help he sleep . gamora curl around mantis , cut she off . gamora what be you about to say to drax before I walk out ? mantis look around , worried . mantis nothing . gamora and drax share a look : why be she so scared ? mantis move on . mantis ( cont 'd ) you quarter be this way . int . eclector cell - outer space rocket hit the ground , hard . yondu land equally hard on the ground beside he . they look up to see taserface , gef the ravager and a obtuse ravager lock the cell door . 64 taserface we will deliver you to the kree in the morning . neither one of you gonna last much longer after that . rocket crawl toward they as they walk away . rocket okay , taserface . see you later , taserface . hey , taserface , tell the other guy we say hi , taserface ! taserface glance back , perturb , as he disappear around the corner . int . eclector hallway - outer space taserface , gef , and obtuse come around the hall . gef the ravager what about the little plant ? can I smash it with a rock ? taserface no , gef ! it 's too adorable to kill . bring it to the tailor . int . eclector cell - outer space yondu and rocket settle . yondu look like a beat man . rocket no offense , but you employee be a bunch of jerk . yondu I be a kree battle - slave for twenty year when stakar freed I . he offer I a place in the ravager . Said all I need to do be adhere to the code . but I be young and greedy and stupid - like you steal that battery . rocket that be mostly drax . yondu I and stakar , and the other captain - we be not so different from you and you friend . the only family I ever have . but I break the code . they exile I . 65 yondu ( cont 'd ) this one here be the one who follow - of course they be jerk . which be what I deserve . rocket slow down , drama queen . you might deserve this , but I do not . we gotta get out of here . yondu where 's quill ? rocket go off with he old man . yondu ego ? yondu look concerned . rocket stare at he , pick this up . rocket yeah . it 's a day for dumbass name . yondu snicker . rocket ( cont 'd ) you smile and for a second I get a warm feel , but then it be ruin by that disgusting - ass tooth . ever hear of floss ? yondu 's smile disappear . yondu you be like a professional asshole or - ? rocket pretty much a pro . why do not you deliver quill to ego like you promise ? yondu he be skinny , could fit into place we could not . good for thieve . rocket nod , grumble . yondu ( cont 'd ) I get a idea on how to get outta here . but we be gonna need you little friend . 66 int . bar / quadrant flight deck - outer space baby groot be wear a tiny ravager uniform . he react to clothes like a cat , struggle to take they off but unable . ravager be gather around he , drunk and laughing . they be chanting " mascot . " retch lil ' feller 's all work up ! need a drank ! retch pour alcohol on he . the ravager laugh more as other pour drink on he as well . groot scream at they , furious but helpless . retch ( cont 'd ) lookit how cute it be when it 's all rile up ! half - nut it 's goddang precious ! int . eclector cell - later groot , in shadow , mope down the hallway , look traumatize . his clothes be tear and he 's soak in alcohol . as he pass the cell , he hear - yondu ( o.s. ) hey , twig . c'mere . groot see yondu and rocket look at he in the cell . he step toward they . rocket oh , man . what would they do to you ? yondu hey , you wanna help we get outta here ? groot nods . rocket look unsure . yondu speak slowly . yondu ( cont 'd ) there 's something I need you to get , and bring back to I . groot nods . yondu ( cont 'd ) in the cap and 's quarter , there 's a prototype fin , like the thing I wear on my head . 67 groot nods . yondu ( cont 'd ) there 's a drawer next to the bunk . it 's inside that . it 's red . you get it ? groot nods emphatically and dart off to get it . yondu look at rocket , pleased . rocket look more than a bit uncertain . int . captain quarter - moment later baby groot creep into this dark room . drunken ravager be sprawle everywhere . he spot a bureau . a drawer be half open . his face light up . moment later baby groot stand outside of the cell , beam , hold a pair of short . yondu that 's my underwear . rocket yeah , I be pretty sure he do not know what you be talk about . you have to explain it more careful . yondu all right . it 's a prototype fin - moment later groot be back in front of the cell , hold a wriggle orloni in he hand . rocket that 's a orloni . it 's a fin , groot . yondu you explain it this time . rocket start to speak - 68 moment later groot look hopeful , hold out a cybernetic eye . yondu that 's vorker 's eye . he take it out when he sleep . go look again . groot start to slink off - rocket but leave the eye here . yondu why ? rocket can hardly speak he find it so funny . rocket he 's gonna wake up tomorrow and he 's not gonna know where he eye be ! moment later groot be dragging a large piece of furniture to the cell . rocket that 's a desk . we tell you it be this big . rocket show he how small it be with he hand . groot make a face like " oh ! " as if now he get it . it 's all come together . moment later groot be hold a severe toe . rocket tell I you guy have a refrigerator somewhere with a bunch of severe human toe . yondu subtly shake he head . rocket ( cont 'd ) okay , then let 's just agree to never discuss this . yondu rip the ravager patch off he jacket . 69 yondu the drawer you want to open . have this symbol on it , okay ? groot take it . he look at yondu and nods . and then , slowly , he place it on top of he head . yondu ( cont 'd ) what ? no . rocket he think you want he to wear it as a hat . yondu that 's not what I say . groot take it off he head . groot I be groot . rocket ( translating ) he 's relieved that you do not want he to . groot I be groot . rocket he hate hat . groot I be groot . rocket on anyone , not just himself . groot I be groot . rocket one minute you think someone have a weird - shape head . the next minute , it 's just because you realize part of that head be a hat . ( to groot ) that 's why you do not like hat ? groot nod . 70 yondu this be a important conversation right now ? rocket no . let 's try again . int . captain quarter - moment later taserface be snoring and slobbering in he bed . we see the ravager patch toss up onto the bed beside he . then groot 's vine grow up the bed , and he pull himself up beside the sleep giant . groot clasp the ravager patch in he hand and look fearfully around . he spot the ravager symbol on a night stand drawer . he stare at the symbol in he hand , then at the drawer , then at the symbol , and then at the drawer again , and then one more time for good measure -- he want to be very , very sure they be the same . he creep carefully towards the drawer , growing he vine out to grab the handle and pull it slowly open ... he peer inside . beside some write instrument and a tin of candy , there lie a red fin , taller and more shark - like than yondu 's current model . groot smile hugely , pick up - the tin of candy ! he 's find it ! kraglin ( o.s. ) that be not it . groot swirl to see kraglin , backlit in the doorway , looming over he , intimidating as hell . and CUT to -- int . eclector cell - moment later the red fin plop down at yondu 's foot . yondu and rocket look up to see kraglin , hold groot . he stare at the ground - kraglin I do not mean to do a mutiny . ( pause , then , sadly ) they kill all my friend . 71 yondu go get the third quadrant ready for release . kraglin salutes . rocket one more thing . kraglin stare at he . rocket ( cont 'd ) you get any clone of quill 's old music on the ship ? int . eclector bathroom - outer space brahl be shave , when , suddenly , jay and the american be " come a little bit closer " start playing over the intercom . he look up , confuse . int . eclector hallway / cell - outer space two ravager outside the cell hear the music . they turn , unlock the cell door . as they enter , the camera overtake they , arrive before they do at -- yondu , sit calmly ; rocket be finish attaching the big - ass fin to he head . its electrical system pop on . push in on the two surprised ravager try to unholster there pistol in time . too late . yondu whistle . int . eclector closet - outer space the arrow fly off a shelf of supplies and shoot toward a wall . int . eclector cell - outer space the arrow punch through the wall behind the ravager . they swirl to see it -- it shoot through one ravager and then the other -- 72 and then to yondu ; he catch it , and stand . he saunters past the two ravager as they wobble and fall . rocket and groot follow . on the way out the door , rocket look down and see two pistol beside the dead ravager . he smile . int . captain quarter - outer space taserface be awoken by jay and the AMERICANS on the PA . he glance over to see the open drawer beside he , san gargantuan fin . he scramble for the comm , yell into it -- taserface he 's get it ! int . bar / quadrant flight deck - outer space the hoard of ravager hear taserface 's voice . taserface ( o.s. ) he's got it ! yondu's got the damn fin ! retch go ! series of shot - int . all over the ship - outer space all of the ravager all over the ship , in a panic , load there weapon and head toward the cell . int . eclector hallway - outer space yondu and rocket and groot come around this corner in slow - motion , the three biggest badass in the history of cinema . a hoard of ravager , lead by brahl , file in at the end of the hallway . but yondu whistle and the arrow twist quickly back and forth , slicing through each of they . yondu slam through a door into - 73 int . eclector docking BAY - outer space we heroes step onto a catwalk in this , the biggest space in the eclector . there be catwalk throughout and dozen of dock m-ship . the scurrilous ravager see they from above -- scurrilous ravager down there ! in a extreme wide angle , we see the arrow flying up and down , backward and forward , cutting through all sort of ravager , closer and further from camera . we TRAVEL behind yondu and rocket as body fall around they in slow -motion like firework . groot look up and see retch look down at he . retch flee in terror as groot grow branch to pull himself up behind he . groot howl furiously , taking chase . retch yowls like a child as he frantically run . but groot grow he branch around retch 's leg , tripping he . bam ! he fall , face first to the floor . and , with a war cry , baby groot fling the sadistic ravager off the edge towards the abyss below . as retch fall past yondu and rocket , baby groot drop back down onto rocket 's shoulder , and they push they way through the doorway - int . eclector security dock - outer space yondu , rocket , and groot move into this area , where they look up at dozen of security monitor encircle they show ravager filing toward they from every part of the ship . yondu whistle as he watch the monitor - on a monitor , the arrow fly out the wall . he whistle so that it strike two ravager run towards they . it zip out of that room and 74 int . dark hall - outer space a hoard of ravager come run down a hall . the arrow zip overhead , smash out all the light so that the hall be completely dark , except for the dim red light of the arrow . and we can just make out the red light smash through the body of every ravager there and then on into -- int . spaceport - outer space a yelling crowd of ravager come , hungry for war , when the arrow shoot through the chain hold a giant spaceship in place over they head . it fall , instantly crushing they all , and then zip on -- int . bar - outer space gef the ravager be drunkenly drink a mug of beer , when the arrow zip past he and through the mug , shatter it . as gef look at the shattered mug , confuse , the arrow come fly back , rip through gef himself , flinging he off the bar stool . int . eclector security dock - outer space rocket also use the monitor to pinpoint where they attacker be . he methodically shoot through the wall , strike the ravager as they get closer . wide overhead shot , the camera revolve as hoard of ravager get close to yondu and rocket but the arrow and gunshot zip through the wall take they all down , one by one , like busby berkely go mad . then yondu stop , see something on one of the monitor . taserface , clutching a big ass gun , be march down the hall towards they . yondu whistle , loudly and angrily . intercut - int . engine room / security dock - outer space taserface see the arrow coming around a corner toward he . yondu whistle again . the arrow burst into flame . taserface dodge it . 75 he turn to watch it go , cackling pridefully over he agility . but he smile quickly dissipate . the arrow plunge into a giant tank - which explode , engulfing he . ext . eclector - outer space a huge portion of the giant spacecraft explode , lead to a domino effect of one part of the ship bursting after another . int . eclector security dock - outer space rocket be dumbfounded as he see on the monitor the numerous explosion throughout the ship . rocket you maniac . the whole ship be gonna blow . int . eclector security dock - outer space a door swing OPEN and taserface fall onto the floor , engulfed in flame , but furious . he angrily slap off the flame as he reach for a communications module . int . eclector security dock - outer space yondu not the whole ship . yondu catch the arrow and walk out . int . bar / quadrant flight deck - outer space kraglin enter , pull latch and flipping switch and twist dial on elementary flight control . int . eclector security dock - outer space with pain effort , taserface pull up a video screen with a sovereign chambermaid . chambermaid ( on screen ) who be this ? you be not suppose to be on this line . taserface I be send you the coordinate for yondu 's ship . 76 int . quadrant flight deck - outer space yondu enter with rocket and groot . yondu release the quadrant . kraglin aye capn ' int . eclector security dock - outer space taserface I only ask one thing . that you High priestess tell he the name of the man what seal he fate : taserface . the chambermaid laugh uncontrollably at he name . taserface look really sad as he explode . int . quadrant flight deck - outer space as rocket and groot , frighten , feel the ship exploding around they , kraglin pull up one final latch - ext . eclector - outer space the entire rear upper quadrant of the eclector detach from the rest of the ship , while the remain continue exploding . I /e. quadrant flight deck - outer space rocket and groot be amaze as the ship thrust forward , away from the explosion . kraglin key into a jump point ahead . nearby , rocket pull up the navigation panel . kraglin where to , cap and ? rocket sets the destination : rocket ego . yondu no , boy ! the quadrant trembles as they hit the jump point . it bloops out of present space , make the jump to - 77 ext . desert - day the quadrant pop into a blue sky above a desert with two fight kronan . int . quadrant flight deck - various outer space location Inside the ship , rocket , yondu , kraglin , and baby groot hold on for dear life as the ship violently shake and the location outside of the window rapidly shift . they body distend slightly . yondu be furious . yondu it be not healthy for a mammalian body to hop over fifty jump at a time . rocket I know that . yondu we be about to do seven-hund . rocket look bum . ext . pink sky - amoeba blob - outer space the quadrant pop out of a jump point into this pepto bismol pink land , smashing through a amoeba - like blob , and then through the next jump point . int . quadrant flight deck - various outer space location kraglin , yondu , rocket , and baby groot all scream , they entire face and body distorting as if in some evil funhouse mirror . ext . red planet landscape - various the yellow sun curve slowly west to east over this magnificent landscape . " bring it on home to I " by SAM cooke plays . ext . sleeping quarter - veranda - day tilt down to quill , on this veranda , gaze out at the beauty . the walkman be connect to small , jerry - rig speaker nearby , playing SAM cooke . quill so I guess this could all be mine someday . 78 gamora be not pay attention . she 's fool with a communication device , which have no reception . gamora rocket ? rocket , you there ? dammit . quill come up behind she , mess with she . gamora ( cont 'd ) what be you do , Peter ? quill dance with I . gamora no. I be not -- quill come on . this be Sam cooke , one of the great Earth singer of all time . gamora let out a exasperate sigh , but , reluctantly , start dancing with he . she be incredibly light on she foot . quill smile and gamora , despite herself , do as well . he twirl her and bring her back in . this be definitely not the first time they have do this . quill ( cont 'd ) drax think you be not a dancer . gamora if you ever tell anyone about this , I will kill you . they look at each other . quill when be we go to do something about this ... unspoken thing between we ? gamora what unspoken thing ? quill this cheers-sam-and-diane-guy -and - girl-on-a-tv-show-who-dig -each - other-but-never-say-it-'cause -when - they-do-the-ratings-would-go-down sort of thing ? 79 gamora there be no unspoken thing between we . quill well , that 's a catch - 22 . because if you say there be , it would be speak , and then you would be a liar . so by say there be not , you be tell the truth , and admit there be . gamora that 's not -- gamora pull away . gamora ( cont 'd ) what we should be discuss right now be that something about this place do not feel right . quill what be you talk about ? you be the one who want I to come here ! gamora move into -- int . sleeping quarter - day gamora that girl , mantis . she 's afraid of something . quill follow she . he stop , stare at she , hurt and frustrated . quill why be you try to take this from I ? gamora I be not -- quill he 's my father . he 's blood - gamora you have blood on earth . you never want to return there . 80 quill again - you make I come here ! and Earth ?! Earth be the place my mother die in front of I . gamora no , it 's because that 's real , and this be a fantasy . quill this be real . I be only half human , remember ? gamora that 's the half I be worried about . quill oh , I get it . you be jealous because I be part god ! you like I be the weak one ! gamora add some piece to she transmitter . gamora uh. you be insufferable to begin with . I have not be able to reach rocket . I be go to see if I can get a signal outside . quill you know , this be not cheer after all . it 's whatever the show be where one person be willing to , you know , open themselves up to new possibility , and the other person be just kind of a jerk who do not trust anyone ! it 's a show that do not exist - it would never be make , it would be so horrible ! it would get zero rating ! gamora you be have a conversation with yourself ! I do not know what cheer be ! quill I finally find my family , do not you understand that !? gamora I think you already have . 81 quill so this be how it end , then ? we whole story . like this ? you and I ? gamora get it through you head , Peter . there be no you and I . there never be . quill watch she leave . ext . ego' field - sunset gamora sit , alone in the field , pout , fume . she stop , stare angrily inward . two plant , nearby , flitter against one another in the wind , make a clicking sound . she side - eye they . they do not stop . she slice they off with she sword . gamora dammit . gamora hear something . she turn to see , in the distance , a m-ship fly toward the planet . she watch as it get closer and closer , and realize it be flying directly at her . gamora run . int . nebula's ship - sunset nebula hollers as she blast her gun , diving towards gamora . ext . hillside - sunset gamora flee from nebula 's ship like cary grant from the crop duster in North by Northwest as huge chunks of land explode on either side of she . gamora leap into a ditch , landing hard , as the m- ship swoops just a couple foot above she . gamora you psychopath . gamora see the m- ship banking and flying back at she again . she stand and run along the hillside as gun blast burst behind she . but gamora see a cavern , lead down into the earth . 82 she dart into it . int . ego' cavern - first / second level - sunset as gamora run down the cavern , she glance back over she shoulder where nebula , insane with rage , continue flying towards she -- the m-ship enter the cavern , which be too small for it , clipping its wing - but it keep fly . it again blast at gamora as she flee - the blast cause the ground to collapse around gamora , and she fall , smashing down through one level , to another level below , slamming hard on the ground . the underside of the m-ship get scraped apart as it fly above she , and piece of it come raining down around she . nebula zoom towards a huge cavern wall . she try to turn she ship in time , to no avail . she sideswipe it , fall down , crashing on the ground , where she be now on the same level as gamora . gamora see something beside she : it 's one of the enormous blaster from the m-ship , attach to a ammo rig . int . nebula's m- ship - sunset nebula see gamora , through the canopy , pick up the blaster , and clutching it . it be comically enormous . nebula struggle to get free and out of the way , but she leg have be pin in the crash - int . ego' cavern - second / third level - sunset gamora clamp two metal switch together , machine - firing the gun , as she walk forward . the front of the m-ship be pepper with blast and then explode . the explosion cause the thin ground around it to collapse , and the entire ship fall backward to a even lower level - bursting some more as it hit the ground . gamora gaze down at the ship . I /e. nebula's squashed m- ship - sunset nebula be a mess . her leg be break , trap in the ship . there be a FIRE at she foot . 83 she struggle , try to get out , but she machine part be sparking and she can hardly breathe . it seem as she 's go to die , when -- part of the ship be torn away . she see gamora . gamora grab her , unceremoniously pulling her free , just as the m-ship explode , pitching they both to the ground . they lie next to each other . nebula cough as she leg be heal , cracking back into place . she look over and eye gamora . and then she hollers and attack she . gamora be you kid I ?! they fight . nebula snatch gamora 's blade from she , and tumble on top of she as she gain the upper hand . she hold the blade above gamora , ready to plummet it into she . she want to - she really do - but now that the moment be here ... she scream in frustration , and fall back . nebula I win . gamora eye she , a little surprised . nebula ( cont 'd ) I win . I best you in combat . gamora uh , no , I just spare you life - nebula you be stupid enough to let I live so - gamora you just let I live ! nebula I win ! 84 gamora nebula ( cont 'd ) nebula , I really do not need I do not need you always this . my day have be bad try to beat I ! enough - gamora I be not the one who just fly across the universe because I want to win ! nebula do not tell I what I want ! gamora I do not have to because you make it obvi - nebula you be the one who wanted to win , I just wanted a sister ! gamora stop suddenly , strike . nebula be crack . nebula ( cont 'd ) you be all I have , but you be the one who need to win ! thanos pull my eye from my head and my brain from my skull and my arm from my body because of you ! gamora do not know what to say . nebula be almost instantly embarrassed . they sit there for a moment , say nothing . ext . sleeping quarter - night the quarter be entombed in star . the dim sound of " brandy " come from within . int . sleeping quarter - night quill lie in bed , unable to sleep , listen to the song . ego ( o.s. ) you all right , son ? quill turn to see ego in the doorway . ego ( cont 'd ) I see you girl stomp off earlier in quite a huff . quill sit up , nod . 85 quill yeah . ego sit beside he . ego it 's fortuitous you be listen to this song . quill you know - ? ego ` brandy ' by look Glass . a favorite of you mom 's . quill yes . ego one of earth 's great musical composition . perhaps its very great . quill yeah , it be . ego you and I , Peter , we be the sailor in the song . ego speak along with the lyric as they play . ego ( cont 'd ) he come on a summer 's day , bring gift from far away - like the child I put in you mother , or the freedom you bring gamora . quill listen . ego ( cont 'd ) brandy , you be a fine girl , what a good wife you would be . but my life , my love , my lady be the sea . the sea call the sailor back . he love the girl , but that 's not he place . the sea call upon he as history call upon great man , and sometimes we be deprive the pleasure of mortal . 86 quill well , you might not be mortal , but I - ego death will remain a stranger to both of we as long as the light burn within the planet . ego smile . quill I be immortal ? that 's ... really ? ego yes , as long as the light exist . quill and I can use the light to make cool thing ? like how you make all this ? ego it will take thousand of year of practice before you get really good at it . but , yes . quill well , get ready for a eight hundred foot statue of pac man , then . with skeletor . and Heather locklear . I be gonna make some weird shit . ego put he arm around he , smile kindly . ego I can not wait to see you weird shit . quill wow , that ... ego come out a little disgusting . they chuckle . ego ( cont 'd ) it be a tremendous responsibility , Peter . only we can remake the universe . only we can take the bridle of the cosmos and lead it where it need to go . 87 quill how ? ego hold up he finger , let forth a flame of white cosmic light . quill hold up he finger , let forth a smaller , less intense flame of white cosmic light . reveal mantis , in the hall , around the corner , look at ego and quill and the light emanate from they finger . ego come with I . mantis look like she 's have a panic attack . int . drax's sleeping quarter - moment later close - up of drax , sound asleep . mantis ( o.s. ) drax ! drax ! he wake to see a panicked mantis sit on the bed beside he . mantis ( cont 'd ) drax , we need to talk - drax ugh . I be sorry , but I like a woman with some meat on she bone . mantis what ? drax I try to let you down easily by tell you I find you disgusting . mantis no ! that 's not what I - drax start to gag . mantis ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! drax I be imagine be with you physically ! 88 mantis drax , that 's not - I do not like you like that . I do not even like the type of thing you be . drax ( offended ) hey ! there 's no need to get personal ! mantis listen ! ego 's get exactly what he want . I should have tell you earlier , I be stupid . you be in danger . ext . nebula's squashed m- ship - night gamora and nebula still sit here , quietly and awkwardly . gamora glance down a twist tunnel , where phosphorescent light shine brightly . gamora what 's that ? she move towards it . nebula , hesitantly , follow . int . palace - night ego and quill enter the palace . ego you need to readjust the way you process life . everything around we - include the girl - be temporary . we be forever . quill do not eternity get boring ? ego not if you have a purpose , Peter . which be why you be here . I tell you how all that year ago I have a uncease impulse to find life . ego be stand underneath the diorama of he face the little alien girl . ego ( cont 'd ) I do not tell you how when I do find it , it be all so ... disappoint . 89 int . twisting cavern - night gamora and nebula move further down the cavern , step into light , get closer . ego and that be when I come to a profound realization . int . palace - night ego my innate desire to seek out other life be not so that I could walk among that life . ego look at he son , move by the memory . ego ( cont 'd ) Peter , I have find meaning . quill be take aback . but ego set he finger lightly on he forehead , and the white light burst through he son 's body . we see the cosmos in quill eye . he look ecstatic , far beyond where he stand , and seem to finally understand . quill I see it . eternity . int . twisting cavern - night gamora and nebula stop , in horror . gamora oh my God . they be stare at pile and pile of skeleton of various species , thousand of they , seem to go on forever . nebula we need to get off this planet . ext . galaxy / universe - outer space we see trace of the universal neural teleportation network , the quadrant a blink light popping in and out on a trail across the cosmos - and then zoom back further to the universe , the same blink light make its way while rocket , yondu , and kraglin scream . 90 ext . asteroid - outer space watcher swirl to the quadrant swish past they and jump out . they turn back to stan lee , in a spacesuit with a fishbowl helmet . stan lee anyway , before I be so rudely interrupt , that time I be a World War ii vet - ext . red planet - outer space the quadrant pop into space , ego' planet nearby . int . quadrant flight deck - outer space yondu , kraglin , rocket and groot fall out of there seat , retching , clutching they stomach . yondu what the hell you do , boy ?! rocket I could tell by how you talk about he - this ego be bad news . we be here to save quill . yondu for what ? ( derisively ) for `honor ' ? for `love ' ? rocket no ! I do not care about that thing ! I want to save quill so I can prove I be better than he ! I can lord this over he forever ! yondu laugh bitterly as he pull himself up to the control . rocket yank himself up beside he . rocket ( cont 'd ) what be you laugh at I for ?! yondu you can fool yourself and everyone else but you can not fool I . I know who you be . rocket you do not know anything about I , loser . 91 yondu I know everything about you . I know you play like the meanest and the hardest `cause you actually the most scared of all . rocket shut up . yondu I know you steal battery you do not need and you push away anyone who 's willing to put up with you , `cause just a little bit of love remind you how big and empty that hole inside you actually be ! rocket I say , shut up . yondu I know the scientist what make you never give a rat 's ass about you - rocket I be serious , dude - ! yondu just like my own damn parent , who sell I , they own little baby , into slavery ! I know who you be , boy , because you be I . they stare at each other there , a mirror . rocket what kind of pair be we ? yondu the kind that 's about to go fight a planet I reckon . rocket all right , okay , that 's - wait . fight a what ? int . drax's sleeping quarter - night gamora , furious , burst into the room . she see mantis stand with drax . she run to she , grabbing her by the neck -- 92 drax hey ! and she slam she against the wall . gamora who be you people ?! what be this place ?! drax ( re : nebula ) what be she do here ? nebula just watch the firework . drax gamora , let she go ! gamora the body in the cavern , who be they ?! mantis you be scared . gamora , whose skin be touch mantis , let go of she neck , terrify . int . palace - night the dioramas all around quill and ego transform into a map of the universe . quill stare in he cosmic reverie at the planet around he - thousand of they with piece of ego be lifeform - glowing cosmic plant - bury within they . ego I call it the expansion . it be my purpose . and now it 's yours as well . quill it 's beautiful . quill stare up at a diorama : ego grab handfuls of he own body , engulf in light , and plant the wriggle piece on various planet . ego over thousand of year I implant thousand of extension of myself on thousand of world . 93 in the dioramas , the cosmic plant overgrow and cover each of the planet , like chocolate on a malt ball . ego ( cont 'd ) I need to fulfill life 's one true purpose : to grow and to spread , cover all that exist , until everything ... be I . int . drax's sleeping quarter - night gamora back away , recover . gamora what do she do to I ?! drax she already tell I everything . int . palace - night ego I only have one problem . a single celestial do not have enough power for such a enterprise . but two celestial - well now , that just might do . int . drax's sleeping quarter - night mantis the body be he child . gamora be horrify . int . palace - night on the dioramas we see ego with hundred of species of female alien . ego out of all my labor the most beguile be attempt to graft my DNA with that of another species . I hope the result of such a coupling would be enough to power the expansion . int . eclector hallway - night yondu and rocket walk here . 94 ego ( o.s. ) I have yondu deliver some of they to I . it break the ravager code - but I compensate he generously . and , to ease he conscience , I tell he I would never hurt they . int . palace - night ego that be true . they never feel a thing . but , one after the other , they fail I . none of they have the celestial gene . until you , Peter . out of all my spawn , only you have carry the connection to the light . Peter smile , a enchant idiot , the cosmos in he eye . int . drax's sleeping quarter - night gamora we need to find Peter now and get off this damn planet . mantis ego will have win he to he side by now . he have a way of - nebula then we just go . gamora no . he 's we friend . nebula all any of you do be yell at each other . you be not friend . drax you be right . we be family . we leave no one behind . ( to nebula ) except maybe you . nebula oh my god . int . palace - night ego for the first time in my life , I be truly not alone . 95 quill suddenly look sad . ego ( cont 'd ) what be it , son ? quill my friend . ego that 's the mortal in you , Peter . quill yes . I do not need that . ego what be we ? quill forever . ego what be they ? quill temporary . ego you think you love they . but love be merely a evolutionary trick in the service of reproduction . we be beyond such thing . quill yes . ego now - quill but my mother . ego look at he , questioningly . quill ( cont 'd ) you say you love my mother . ego that I do . my river lily , who know the word to every song that come on the radio . I return to earth to see she three time . I know if I come back a fourth , I would never leave . ( more ) 96 ego ( cont 'd ) the expansion , the reason for my very existence would be over . so I do what I have to do . but it break my heart to put that tumor in she head . quill wh- what ? zolly in on quill as the cosmos disappear from he eye . tear stream down he face . ego I know that sound bad - quill pull out he pistol and fire ; the blast tear through ego , dispersing the molecule form he body . quill shoot at he again and again and again . the flesh disappear from ego like bite from a cookie , expose the angry alien skeletal form beneath . but , as the charge on Peter 's blaster wear out , ego just look at he , and , although he 's fill with hole , he 's merely disappointed . ego ( cont 'd ) who in the hell do you think you be ? quill you kill my mother ! ego transform into david hasselhoff . ego I try so hard to find the form that best suite you , and this be the thanks I get ? and then , once again , become he usual form . ego ( cont 'd ) you really need to grow up . a spiky cosmic light - propelled tendril shoot up from the floor behind quill , and jut into quill 's body . quill be thrust into the AIR . he open he mouth to scream and white light emit . 97 ego ( cont 'd ) I want to do this together ! but I suppose you will have to learn by spend the next thousand year as a battery , ` Star -lord ' . int . drax's sleeping quarter - night through the window to the palace - pan to gamora watch as she transmitter - the one she be try to contact rocket on - beeps . she answer . gamora rocket ?! gamora follow drax , nebula , and a confuse mantis as they move out . int . laser drill - outer space rocket , yondu , and groot be crawling into a huge laser drill . rocket keep that transmitter nearby so I can find you . we be in a old piece of construction equipment yondu once use to slice open the Bank of a'askavaria . gamora ( o.s. ) ego 's unhinge - rocket I know . get ready . yondu Drop it , kraglin ! int . quadrant flight deck - outer space kraglin yank a lever . I /e. laser drill - outer space a ugly , bulbous and uneven craft plop from the quadrant , and head toward ego 's surface . rocket I get a plan . yondu what be it ? 98 rocket it 's pretty simple . int . palace - night ego walk calmly up beside the trap quill . he snatch the walkman off of he . he stare at it . quill can barely speak . quill no . ego presses play . a distort version of " brandy " play . he stare at it - perhaps he 's feel wistful sadness , or perhaps nothing at all . ` brandy , you be a fine girl . what a good wife you would be . ' ego ` my life , my love , my lady be the sea ' ? Peter , this be the sea . ego crush the walkman in he grip as quill watch helplessly . the power surge from quill through the tentacle and throughout the entire palace -- ext . palace - night as gamora , mantis , drax , and nebula run toward the Palace it burst with cosmic light , so brightly they have to protect they eye . int . palace - night ego bask in the power and we TRAVEL down he leg -- int . red planet / self chamber - night we follow the ENERGY through the surface of the planet -- through the twisting vein of light beneath -- and into a enormous , metal orb , the self chamber , which explode with light . boom . earth - ext . wood behind dairy queen - moment later we push into the small plant - now a bit larger - that ego plant at the very beginning of the film . it light up and grow , instantly bursting upward - 99 earth - ext . dq - moment later the plant burst up behind the dairy Queen ( now a modern dq ) , a huge organic , blob - like Mass of light that come down instantly on the building , crushing it and everyone inside -- and continuing to spill forward , spread . int . palace - night ego summon all he energy , when , suddenly , a door beside he smashes apart . drax have kick through it and gamora , nebula and mantis be with he . ego turn to see they , then hear a rumbling above he . he turn to look at a window on the palace wall behind he . and the giant laser drill come smashing through the palace wall . yondu hey there , jackass . ego look surprised . the laser drill land on ego , squashing he . the tendril retract from quill as he fall and heave for breath . earth - ext . STREET - day the cosmic plant , barrel down the street , suddenly stop . int . palace / laser drill - sunrise drax , gamora , nebula , and mantis rush into the crumble palace . the door on the side of the laser drill slide OPEN . baby groot be stand there , smile , and wave . drax out of the way , dumber , smaller groot . as drax crawl in , groot start punching drax as hard as he can . probably because he call he dumb , but who 's to say . gamora help up quill . 100 gamora I tell you something do not feel right . quill ` I tell you so . ' that 's really what I need right now . gamora I come back , do not I ? quill because there 's a unspoken thing . gamora there be no unspoken thing . int . laser drill - night drax , mantis , gamora , and quill step inside the door . drax what be you do ? you could have kill we all crash in here like that ! rocket uh , ` thank you , rocket ' ? drax we have it under control . mantis we do not . that be only a extension of he true self . he will be back soon . quill ( re : nebula ) what 's smurfette do here !? nebula back rub , dish , kill god , whatever I need to do to get a damn ride home . rocket she try to murder I ! nebula I save you , you stupid fox . gamora he 's not a fox . 101 groot I be groot . rocket I be not a raboon either ! groot I be groot . rocket ` raccoon , ' whatever ! drax look out the window . int . palace - night tentacle -like strand burst up through the palace flooring all around the drill . int . palace - night drax turn to the other . drax how do we kill a celestial ? quill there 's the center to he - he brain , he soul , whatever it be , in some sort of shell -- mantis it 's in the cavern below the surface . quill climb up the ladder to see - quill yondu ? nebula look at gamora . nebula if he 's get that fin back , I be so screw . I /e. palace - sunrise yondu thrust the ship upward for takeoff . but tentacles wrap around the ship -- and yank it back down into the floor , destroy the foundation of the palce . 102 the entire palace slope . int . laser drill - sunrise everyone fall forward . yondu thrusters be out ! quill start rewiring the mechanic . quill I guess I should be glad I be a skinny kid . otherwise you would have deliver I to this maniac ! yondu you still reckon that 's the reason I keep you around , you idiot ?! quill that 's what you tell I , you old doofus ! yondu once I figure out what happen to they other kid , I be not gonna just hand you over . quill you say you be gonna eat I ! yondu that be be funny ! quill not to I !! rocket you people have issue . quill see through the windshield where ego' creepy skeletal be growing in front of they . quill of course I have issue that 's my frick father !!... thrusters be back up . quill thrust the ship forward instead of up . it crash through ego and down the sloping floor -- and out through the giant pane of glass at the end . 103 I /e. laser drill / crack in the planet - sunrise everyone hold on in what 's essentially the worst roller coaster drop ever . yondu we should be go up ! quill we can not . ego want to eradicate the universe as we know it . we have to kill he . they plummet toward a fissure in the earth below . it 's too small for the ship . quill ( cont 'd ) rocket ! rocket get it . rocket blast the laser perfectly , chipping away piece of rock , form a open in the crack . they smash into the open , barely fitting , lead down into the planet . quill fly perfectly , twisting through tunnel and around corner . rocket man the laser , blasting piece out of place just in time so they can scrape through . rocket ( cont 'd ) so , we be save the galaxy again ? quill I guess . rocket awesome . we will really be able to jack up we price if we be two - time - galaxy saver . quill I seriously can not believe that be where you mind go . rocket it be just a random think , man ! I think we be friend ! ( more ) 104 rocket ( cont 'd ) of course I care about the planet , and the building , and all of the animal on the planet . quill and the people . rocket meh . mantis giggle . mantis the crabby puppy be so cute he make I want to die ! drax you suicidal thought sad I , but you wish will likely come true . I /e. quadrant flight deck - outer space meanwhile , kraglin be mellowly hang out , eat some soup and listen to " wham bam " by silver as he see something out in the distance of space . he look a bit closer . sovereign omnicraft be popping through jump point above ego' planet . ext . ayesha' spacecraft - outer space ayesha be remotely piloting one of the ship . she look determine and angry on the vid-screen . and , one by one , sovereign omnicraft pop in all around she , until there be a large fleet . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day ayesha , in full pilot gear , yell into she comm . ayesha pilot , release envoy unit ! ext . ayesha' spacecraft - outer space smaller , more nimble robotic envoys , like big pod with blaster for arm - detach from the front of every omnicraft . ayesha we sensor detect the battery be below the surface of the planet . 105 int . sovereign pilot BAY - day ayesha dive ! overhead shot : on the screen in all the pod , the envoy dive toward the planet from slightly different direction . I /e. quadrant flight deck - outer space kraglin , in shock , watch the massive fleet of envoy diving downward . he grab the comm . kraglin uhh ... cap and ? no answer . kraglin ( cont 'd ) cap and ? int . laser drill / crack in the planet - sunrise yondu do not hear the crackling speaker beside he as they maneuver down through the fissure . quill eye he . yondu so why would ego want you here ? quill he need my genetic connection to the light to help destroy the universe . he try to teach I how to control the power . yondu so could you ? quill a little . I make a ball . yondu a ball ? quill I think as hard as a could , that 's all I could come up with . yondu you ithought ' ? quill nod . 106 yondu ( cont 'd ) you think when I make this arrow fly I use my head ? quill what do you use ? they look at each other instead of where they be go , and the crash into a overhange piece of rock . the entire side door be ripped off . as the screech through a smaller space and into -- int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day the laser drill drop into this enormous open space within the planet . the guardian gather on the side of the ship open to the hollow , gaze out at its stun beauty , light by ego 's white glow run throughout it . gamora whoa . mantis turn , look through the porthole on the other side . mantis there ! thats ego 's core . mantis point at the self chamber , down below they . they twist down towards it . gamora that ore 's thick . rocket , we be gonna need to use the big laser . rocket nod , flick switch . all the small laser on the side move through groove to combine into one huge laser in the center of the ship : the mega-laser . mantis we must hurry . it will not take ego long to find we . rocket keep it still ! 107 quill steady the craft as best he can beside the self chamber . but it 's a unwieldy beast , build for power , not precision . rocket power up the mega-laser and hold tight to the shuddering control as it drill , burning a hole into the protective sheathe . it melt and drip down . quill we drill into the center , we kill he . quill hold tight to the steering wheel . yondu notice the blinking light on the comm . he tap it . yondu what be it , kraglin ? kraglin ( o.s. ) um , remember that ayesha chick ? yondu yeah , why ? yondu look out the window where ayesha' squadron be swooping out of the crack in the ceiling all around they . yondu ( cont 'd ) aw , hell . quill pull away from the envoy . but the sovereign envoy start blasting at the craft all at once ; the laser lose power and the vehicle turn sideways - drax , mantis , and gamora go tumbling from the hole in the side . nebula and groot grab onto the floor . int . below self chamber - day gamora , drax , and mantis fall from a incredible height . they land - one , two , three - with aplomb . gamora look up and see the laser drill curl behind the self chamber as it try to avoid the envoy ' blaster . int . self chamber / laser drill - day nebula and groot settle as the ship rights itself and blast pierce the ship around they . quill peer down at rocket , who have jump out of he seat and be pour out the content of he satchel . 108 quill why be not you fire the laser ?! rocket they blow out the generator ! I think I pack a small detonator . nebula a detonator be worthless without explosive ! rocket we get this ! rocket show nebula the anulax battery . quill leave the control to yondu as he climb down beside rocket , now mess with wiring on he bomb . quill be it strong enough to kill ego ? rocket if it be , it will cause a chain reaction throughout he entire nervous system . quill meaning what ? rocket the entire planet will explode . we will have to get out of here fast . I rig a timer . rocket stuff the bomb back in he satchel . groot climb on he back . rocket and quill slap on they aero rig . quill go ! the run and jump out of the laser drill , flying on there aero rig , avoid the gunfire . the zoom towards the blast hole on the side of the self chamber . int . open of blast hole - day rocket and quill land here , messily , tumbling . 109 int . below self chamber - day mantis be worried about something else entirely ; the entire chasm begin trembling and the wall start to mutate . mantis he 's come . drax do not you say you could make he sleep ? mantis when he want ! he 's too powerful ! I can not ! drax you do not have to believe in yourself because I believe in you . they look ahead . they see , on the enormous wall in front of they , the light - form of a giant ego scream angrily . his scream become a tunnel of rock rushing toward they like a train . mantis see a nerve bundle on the ground come from ego 's core . although afraid , she grab it . mantis sleep ! she scream with effort and some pain as energy travel through the bundle and into the core , where it darken . the light leave the rock formation and it slam into the ground in front of they , splashing dirt over they . but they be safe , shiver . drax and gamora look at each other . drax I never think she would be able to do it . with as skinny and weak as she appear to be . mantis 's arm be trembling . mantis I do not know how long I can hold he ! 110 gamora you need to , girl . if you do not keep ego at bay , we all die . int . open of blast hole - day rocket shine a powerful pen - light inside the cavity , expose the interior , spatter with swiss - cheese - like hole glow with light . rocket the metal be too thick ! for the bomb to work we would actually need to place it on ego 's core . and we fat butt be not gonna fit through that tiny hole . quill well ... quill slowly eye groot , who be play with a leaf on he arm and think about something else entirely . rocket that 's a terrible idea . quill which be the only kind of idea we get leave . rocket sigh . he put groot on he back and move with groot deeper into the blast hole , mumble to himself : rocket unbelievable . ` rocket , do this . rocket , do that . ' quill turn toward the open . push up and in on quill . quill uh , what a day . he jump out into the fray . int . planet' hollow - day quill fly up as a ship fly in toward he blasting , and he 's about to fire back . man VS. spaceship . this be most likely the beginning of the biggest , baddest fight scene ever , but instead we CUT to - 111 int . inside blast hole - day quiet . blast in the deep background . rocket place a tiny bomb in front of groot . it be a small , simple device with two switch and two button . he explain , very carefully : rocket all right . first you flick this switch , then this switch . that activate it . and then you push this button , which will give you five minute to get out of there . whatever you do do not push this button , because that will set off the bomb immediately , and we will all be dead . now repeat back what I just say . groot I be groot . rocket uh huh . groot I be groot . rocket that 's right . groot I be groot . rocket no ! that 's the button that will kill everyone ! try again . groot think . groot I be groot . rocket nod . groot ( cont 'd ) I be groot . rocket nod . groot ( cont 'd ) I be groot . 112 rocket no ! that 's exactly what you just say ! how be that even possible ?! which button be the button you be suppose to push ?! Point to it . groot think . and he point to the one that will kill everyone . rocket ( cont 'd ) no !!! quill ( o.s. ) hey , you be make he nervous ! rocket run to see , at the end of the hole , a sliver of the outside as quill peek in while shoot at envoy . rocket shut up ! and give I some tape ! do anyone have any tape out there !? I want to put some tape over the death button ! quill I do not have any tape . let I check . quill disappear from the hole . as rocket wait , he hear , amongst the chaos , faintly - quill ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yo , yondu , do you have any - ow ! - do you have any tape ?! o.s. gun blast . we hear voice grumbling . rocket and groot look around , wait . rocket be impatient . he cough . groot be like a bored kid in a wait room . he shift around and play with the wire on the bomb . quill reappear outside the hole , shoot a envoy . quill ( cont 'd ) no one have any tape . rocket not a single person have tape ? 113 quill you have priceless battery and a atomic bomb in you bag ! if anyone have tape it would be you ! rocket that 's exactly my point ! I have to do everything ! quill dude , you be waste time ! rocket turn back to groot , who have already take the bomb and be head towards the hole . he make a " wheeeeee " sound and smile brightly as he hop into the hole and slide down as if on a water slide . rocket , heavy - lidd , watch he go . rocket we be all gonna die . int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day yondu and nebula , in the cockpit , be be overcome as blast come through the wall . yondu we be do for without the generator . nebula moan , frustrated . she flip open a section of the dashboard , then a part of she arm . int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day the remain sovereign envoy have encircled the batter laser drill , blasting it to bit . quill fly into the laser drill , slamming into the wall . ayesha ( on ship ) guardian ! perhaps it will provide you solace that you death be not without purpose . nebula be feed the wire from the craft into she mechanical arm . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day the actual ayesha , fitte with the pilot gear , look at the laser drill on the screen . 114 ayesha they will serve as a warning to all of that tempt with betray we ; do not screw with the sovereign . int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day yondu work some switch : the lasers slide back into the slot all over the ship . yondu this be gonna hurt . nebula promise , promise . yondu flip all the switch ; all the power run painfully out of nebula's body into the vehicle -- and the lasers beam out of the ship in all direction at once , like a dangerous disco ball , slice through almost nearly every single envoy . int . below self chamber - day a beam almost hit drax , but he leap out of the way . smoke rise from a hole in the ground between he and mantis . drax hey ! int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day with flair , yondu spin the pilot 's wheel , so that the whole rig revolve . ayesha look on , in horror as the beam slice through the remain craft - and one be coming her way . ayesha ( on ship ) no !! ayesha' envoy be ripped apart . int . sovereign pilot BAY - day ayesha sit back . she look around she at the other pod : all of they be down . ayesha no ! nooooo !! 115 int . planet' hollow / laser drill - day quill see flaming chunks fly into the rig ... and FIRE spilling toward the ship 's engine , drip fuel . quill we be gonna blow ! yondu whistle as the flame hit the fuel - int . below self chamber - day gamora watch as the entire laser drill explode . she be stricken . gamora Peter ? she see a tiny body fly from the ship - it 's nebula , who land across from she on she foot . gamora look at she , worried . nebula give she what might be a little smile , and look upward . gamora follow she line of sight . quill be flying from the explosion on he aero-rig . yondu be hold onto a fly arrow : he one arm up straight , he heel touch . quill look at he and snicker . yondu what ? quill you look like Mary poppin . yondu be he cool ? quill look at the man who raise he . he smile . quill yeah . he 's cool . yondu look out at the guardian as he come in for a landing . yondu I be Mary poppin , y'all ! quill and yondu land beside nebula . gamora see quill and march toward he . 116 the camera circle gamora and quill , fiery ship fragment raining down around they in slow -motion , as if this be the great heavy metal video of all time . the other guardian enter , one by one - nebula , drax , yondu , rocket flying down on he aero-rig , and finally , mantis , stare forward with concentration until -- a huge chunk of spaceship fly in from the side , flattening mantis . the other all look down at she in shock . quill oh. wow . mantis , unconscious beneath a ship fragment , have lose hold of ego . the entire hollow around they begins to rumble . the ground and wall themselves shift and waver . the whole cavity be alive . drax check on mantis . drax she 's just unconscious . int . self chamber tunnel - day groot run and hop through the tunnel . he come to a crossroad . he see a cosmic light emanate from one tunnel . he dash off toward it . int . below self chamber - day quill how long before the bomb go off ? rocket in the unlikely event groot do not kill we all , about six minute . yondu speak into the comm on he lapel . yondu kraglin . int . quadrant flight deck - day kraglin , nodding out , abruptly wake . yondu ( o.s. ) we need the quadrant for extraction in t-minus five minute . 117 kraglin aye , cap and ! ext . below self chamber - day we heroes peer up to see the surface of the planet unfolding above they , so that the bright sky shine through . quill someone need to be up top when kraglin arrive . drax , take mantis . drax nod . he pick up mantis . quill grab the aero-rig off himself and slap it on drax 's back , which automatically wrap around he upper body . drax ahhh ! my nipple ! he fly upward . the ground around they split into enormous crack . gamora see a crack in the earth rushing toward she and quill , and she turn toward he . and gamora 's side crumble away , gamora falling down with it . quill gamora !! huge burst of earth shoot up all around drax , yondu , rocket , and quill . the planet have form giant tentacles that hurtle towards we heroes . ext . lower rift - day gamora be plummeting , seemingly to she death , when she look over and see nebula falling just behind she . nebula grab gamora 's arm and then grab onto a pass cliff . they SNAP to a stop - ow ! - hang down off the side . nebula toss gamora up onto a flat surface . as nebula climb up after she , gamora look at she , wary but surprised by this beneficence . nebula oh , get over it . 118 ext . below self chamber - day quill blast a tentacle . yondu whistle , the arrow weaving through tentacles around they . rocket toss a bunch of tiny bomb at some , which they stick to and explode . but they be by no mean win this fight . ext . planet surface - day the giant quadrant lower toward the surface . ext . lower rift - day gamora look at nebula . gamora we have to get up to the extraction point ! they look over the edge and see a huge rift of land rising quickly . they look at each other and jump - they grab onto the edge of the rise rift , clutching to it as it fly upward toward the open space above they . ext . planet surface - day drax fly up onto the surface ; he see the quadrant wait for he there . he dart for the ship . int . quadrant flight deck - day kraglin open the loading door ext . planet surface - day but huge swatch of the planet reach up and grab onto the quadrant , yanking it down . int . quadrant flight deck - day kraglin , freaking out , throw the thruster into high gear . I /e. planet surface / quadrant loading BAY - day the thruster flare as the massive ship struggle to free itself from ego 's tendril . 119 and it do pull itself up for a moment , but the tendril tighten , slamming it back down . the whole quadrant start to tip over . kraglin fall down against the side of the ship . drax see the ship falling toward he and he run away from it in fear . but he arrive a the edge of a cliff . he crouch as the ship continue down toward he , about to squash both he and mantis -- but kraglin heroically crawl he way back up to the control as he dangle from they . he push on the thruster , so that the ship go back upright . drax turn and again run toward the quadrant . ext . planet' hollow - day gamora and nebula be still rise on the rift when they slam into a wall near the open in the surface of the planet . ext . below self chamber - day quill turn and see ego , in he terrifying skeletal light form , strolling down toward he as the land around he part like the red sea . as ego walk , the dirt and molecule around ego form organ in he body , piece himself back together . quill see a tentacle slam yondu to the ground and cover he entire body . he turn to see rocket hollering as he fire at tentacles , but they overwhelm he . ext . planet surface - day the earth wrap around drax 's leg like quicksand , pull he and mantis down into it . ext . planet' hollow - day gamora and nebula scramble , try to climb back up , when tendril wrap around they , stop they from go further . int . self chamber tunnel - day the wall be tightening around groot . he grow he branch to try to stop they , but they be not work . 120 he begin to cry , like a actual baby , terrify , on the brink of suffocating . ext . below self chamber - day ego approach he son . he be fully form , and he be more truly " himself . " alien . Dark eye and pale skin . ego I tell you I do not want to do this alone . ext . below self chamber - day ego you can not deny the purpose the universe have bestow upon you ! and once again , the light tendril stab through quill be back , thrust he to he knee . smaller light tendril stab into he face and body . and we see the light be suck out of quill and up into the self chamber once more as it burst with light . earth - ext . STREET - day police officer and bystander be in the street , snap phone photo , etc , beside the huge , still swatch of ego be lifeform . officer fitzgibbon please , everyone . step back . I need you all to clear the - weird old man what be that ? the lifeform alight with ENERGY and move again , spilling incredibly quickly towards they . people abandon they car in traffic as it run over they . a woman fall . people trample around she . but a old man 's hand reach in , help she up . reveal grandpa quill , in he 70' or 80' now . grandpa quill come on , mar 'am . he help the woman into a suv . 121 he slam on the gas , screeching away from the enormous tidal wave of organic light . xandar - I /e. starblaster / CITY - day ego' lifeform smashes down the park wall and into the street . ego ( o.s ) it do not need to be like this peter ext . below self chamber - day ego approach he son . ego why be you destroy we chance ?! aakon - ext . aakon CITY - night aakon run from a giant wave behind they . ego ( o.s ) stop pretend you be not , what you be ! kree homeworld - ext . steep hillside - day kree monk run from the cosmic flesh as it pour down the hillside behind they . but it 's too fast , rushing over they . primitive planet - ext . wetland - day thousand of orloni be darting in fear across this dusty desert , as it washes over they . ego ( o.s ) one in billion .. arago - 7 - ext . stony landscape - day three hurctarian run , scream . ego ( o.s ) trillion , even more ! 122 easik - ext . forest - night a easik mother clutches she baby , cover it with she own body , as the spread lifeform loom up behind she . she close she eye and wait for the worst . ext . below self chamber - day quill look up at ego , barely able to focus , as the molecule form skin over the muscle and skeleton and innard beneath . ego what great meaning could life possibly have to offer ?! yondu struggle beneath the tentacle beside quill . yondu I do not use my head to fly the arrow , boy ! I use my h - quill hear this as the earth cover yondu 's face . quill look inward . and suddenly , everything become ... quiet . tear come to Peter quill 's eye as he remember that around he and what they mean to he . and we see he memories . - young peter quill and he mother cuddle and listening to music on the walkman together , each with one ear piece . - quill and drax laughing hysterically on the milano . - gamora and peter looking into each other' eye and dancing on knowhere . - quill and rocket flying through the sky on aero -rig for the first time , smiling as the AIR rush through there hair . baby groot clutch happily onto quill back . - yondu and young quill in the forest . yondu's arm be on peter be arm as he teaches he how to shoot . quill look back up at ego as we hear the gentle chord of fleetwood mac' " the chain " start echoing throughout the hollow . he clutches he fist and we see the light grow within it . 123 bit of earth begin to roll up and scramble and swirl around quill 's body , he arm , he leg , as if he 's pull they towards himself with magnet . and ego look confuse , as the ground quake around he . quill glare at he father , he voice distorting with celestial thunder . quill you should not have kill my mom and squish my walkman . ahd a solid tornado of earth propel quill forward . ego try to protect himself as quill slam into he , flying upward with he -- quill raise he fist , now a giant club . and he smashes ego . as ego lose he concentration -- ext . planet' surface - day a pair of arm be protrude from the surface of the planet , still hold mantis aloft . the earth fall away , and drax , who be entirely cover , heave for breath . ext . crack in planet - day the tendril fall , freeing gamora and nebula as they gasp . ext . below self chamber - day yondu break through the rock around he , draw in breath . the tentacles holding rocket aloft crumble , and he look around , confuse . earth - ext . ST . charle , missouri - day the wave push up against the back of grandpa quill 's camaro and suddenly stop : the mountainous plant , a hundred storey high , be up against the back of the car . easik - ext . forest - night the easik mother clutching she baby look behind she ; the wave have stop . she clutches she baby to she chest , relieved . 124 int . self chamber tunnel - day the tunnel around groot snap back to what it be . once more he can see the light at the tunnel 's end , and one look like a giant brain compose of prismatic light . he run forward . int . inside blast hole - day rocket fly up and yell at groot . rocket groot ! groot , if you can can hear I , hurry up - I be not sure how long quill can keep he distract ! int . self chamber core - day groot arrive at the end of the tunnel , and stop there . the center of the core hold a huge cosmic placenta , and , within that , ego' true self , the cosmic brain . it roil furiously , the reflection of its fight with quill , thrashing around within this womb . although afraid , groot place the bomb on the placenta . groot stare at both button , scared - he do not know which one to pick . groot make a decision on which button to press . he go to push the death button . then he finger stop just millimeter from the button , trembling . he think ... and then change the course of he finger , pushing the correct button . the countdown clock commence . baby groot turn , terrify , and run . I /e. planet surface / quadrant loading BAY - day drax move with mantis into the load bay . he throw she down and climb up a ladder . the camera swing to gamora and nebula , climb up to the surface in the dirt storm . 125 int . planet hollow - day ego rise on he own molecular tornado and strike back at quill . he yell as he slam quill against the wall , dragging he face along the wall . he toss quill into a another wall . ext . below self chamber / planet' hollow - day quill bring he arm filled with light away from the wall , so that he cause a wave of light and rock around the interior of the hollow , flying to ego and knock he aside . yondu protect he face as dirt swirl in the wake of the quill / ego battle . rocket , carry groot , fly back down beside he . rocket yondu ! we be about to blow ! yondu get to the ship . rocket not without quill . yondu you gotta take care of the twig . rocket not without you . yondu I be not do nothing right my whole damn life , rat . you need to give I this . rocket , hesitantly , nod . he grab some thing from he bag . he hand they to yondu . rocket a space suit and a aero rig . I only have one of each . yondu nod . rocket nod too . rocket start to go , but stop and look at yondu . he want to say something , but he do not know what . baby groot do . 126 groot I be groot . yondu what 's that ? rocket he say welcome to the frickin' guardian of the galaxy ... only he do not use `frickin' . yondu bye , twig . groot wave . and rocket fly up toward the surface . rocket mutter to groot . rocket we be gonna need to have a discussion about you language . ext . below self chamber / planet' hollow - day ego slam quill back against a wall . ego pull the huge rock away from the wall , flying they toward he and batter he there . ego and quill fly toward each other . ego use the light to bring rock to he body , form a giant avatar of himself . quill bring yellow rock to he body , form a giant pac - man . ego 's form fly into pac -man 's mouth , so hard there 's a sonic boom . they fall , tumbling , still strike one another on the way down . they land hard . int . self chamber core - day the timer count down . a minute leave . I /e. planet surface / quadrant loading BAY - day gamora and nebula be caring for mantis as rocket and groot arrive . 127 gamora where 's Peter ? rocket do not answer . or he can not answer . gamora ( cont 'd ) rocket , where be he ?! rocket look down at a timer in he hand . the time be almost there . gamora ( cont 'd ) rocket ?! rocket , look at I ! where be he ?! rocket just shake he head a little . but groot point sadly outside . gamora ( cont 'd ) I be not leave without he . gamora harden . she stand and snatch a rifle off the wall . she cock it . she start out the bay door -- when a electrical blast hit her from behind . she fall over , unconscious , revealing rocket with he gun . rocket I be sorry . I can only afford to lose one friend today . ( into comm ) kraglin , go ! int . quadrant flight deck - day drax look uncertain as kraglin press thrust . drax wait . be quill back ? ( into comm ) rocket , where 's quill ?! I /e. planet surface / quadrant loading BAY - day rocket look sadly out the bay door as it close ; drax 's voice echoe on he comm . drax ( o.s. ) 251 where 's quill ?! where' quill ?! 251 128 ext . below self chamber - day quill and ego be exhaust , on they knee and lean against one another like boxer after too many round . int . self chamber core - day the timer read 00:26 second ext . below self chamber - day ego reach for the core .. ego no , we need to stop it ! quill throw he to the ground . but ego come back up , grasp he son 's jacket , plead with he now . ego ( cont 'd ) listen to I ! you be a god ! if you kill I , you will just be like everyone else ! quill what 's so wrong with that ? ego look at he son , scared . ego no - int . self chamber core - day the countdown reach zero . the brain explode . I /e. ego' nervous system - day the explosion cause the life force to burst through the entire planet . ext . below self chamber - day everything around quill be exploding . he look down at he hand , where the glow fade and disappear . he gaze up at the mammoth wall around he as they blow up and collapse . he lower at head , at peace with the death that 's come , when , from the side , through the debris -- 129 yondu be flying toward he on a aero -rig . yondu grab he , almost a tackle , really , lifting he up and flying away . ext . planet' hollow - day as yondu and quill fly upward , the planet explode behind they , flame lick they heel , huge stretch of the planet cave in . ext . sky - day yondu hold a surprised quill as they soar up into the sky , yondu he may have be you father , boy . but he be not you daddy . quill what ? yondu I be sorry I do not do it right . I be damn lucky you be my boy . quill be touch . yondu slap the spacesuit disk onto quill ; the shimmery sheathe cover he . quill what ? yondu breathes out as completely as he can , empty he lung . and they exit the planet' atmosphere , burst into - ext . space - outer space quill struggle to get free , but yondu hold he there , trapping he , but it be also a embrace . the entire planet be collapsing behind they . quill yondu , you can not ! what be you do ? what be you do ?! yondu 's jet pack expire its supply of fuel , and they stop there , in space , floating . yondu 's grip weaken . quill turn to face he . quill ( cont 'd ) yondu . yondu , no ! 130 yondu grab he son 's face with both hand , look and touch he with love . quill ( cont 'd ) no . and yondu 's face expand and he body goe limp as he die there . and he start to drift away . quill grab onto he shirt . he be crying . quill ( cont 'd ) no ! and , suddenly , behind quill , rocket and drax propel themselves toward he in aero-rig , grabbing he . fade to black int . eclector crematory - later yondu 's body lie on a plank here : various color cloth be laid in strip over he body and face , yaro lily beneath he , red-fire pyre and yondu 's toy all around . rocket , groot , drax , gamora , mantis , and kraglin surround the table . quill be at the head . he have to say a few word . but it be not easy . quill the other day I tell gamora how I use to pretend my dad be David hasselhoff . rocket and drax exchange a look . quill ( cont 'd ) he 's a singer and actor from earth ... a really famous guy . drax nod . quill ( cont 'd ) and , you know , today it strike I . yondu do not have a talk car , but he do have a fly arrow . and he do not have the voice of a angel , but he do have the whistle of one . and both David hasselhoff and yondu go on kickass adventure , and hook up with hot woman , and fight robot . ( more ) 131 quill ( cont 'd ) so , the thing be , David hasselhoff kinda do end up be my dad after all , only he be yondu . I have a pretty cool dad . quill start to break down . quill ( cont 'd ) and what I be try to say here be , that thing you be search for you whole life , sometimes it 's right there by you side all along and you do not even know it . gamora see nebula , watch from a darken doorway , before she turn and walk away . she move after she . groot look up at a upset rocket . groot I be groot ? rocket yeah . that 's the friend I be talk about . groot I be groot . rocket he do call you `twig . ' int . quadrant SMALL hallway - moment later gamora catch up to nebula in the hall . gamora nebula . nebula turn toward she , but she do not look she in the eye . gamora ( cont 'd ) I be just a child . like you . I be concerned with stay alive until the next day - every day . and I never consider what thanos be do to you . I be sorry . nebula nod . gamora ( cont 'd ) I be try to make it right , everything I do . ( more ) 132 gamora ( cont 'd ) there be little girl like you be - little boy - all over the universe - who be in danger . you can stay with we , and help they . nebula I will help they by kill thanos . gamora I do not know if that 's possible . nebula shrug : maybe . she turn to leave . but gamora grab she , perhaps too roughly . nebula turn , ready to snap . and gamora embrace she . nebula do not know how to react . gamora ( cont 'd ) you will always be my sister . tear well in nebula 's eye and , for just a moment , she embrace she sister back with one hand ... before push she away and leave . int . eclector crematory - moment later the guardian lift yondu on the plank . a bulbous and rusty crematory be at the center of the room . it do not burn with fire , but a swirling , vibrant cosmic ENERGY . they slide yondu in as they watch with sadness and respect as he body be envelop by the sparkling color . quill close the door on the crematory . as quill move away , kraglin approach . kraglin Pete . quill turn toward he . he 's hold something . kraglin ( cont 'd ) cap and find this for you in a junker shop . Said someday you would come back to the fold . kraglin put a mp3 player in he hand . kraglin ( cont 'd ) it 's call a Zune - what everyone listen to on earth nowadays . it 's get three hundred song . quill nod , touch . 133 quill wait . quill hold out yondu 's arrow . kraglin 's lip tremble . quill ( cont 'd ) rocket grab the piece and reassemble they . I think yondu would want you to have it . kraglin thank you ... cap and . ext . quadrant - outer space yondu 's sparkling ash be blown out in spurt from the crematory into space . int . quadrant flight deck - outer space rocket , drax , and mantis be here , watch yondu 's ash in the vacuum of space , swirling almost magically . int . captain quarter - outer space quill sit down on the bed in yondu 's quarter . he scroll through selection on the Zune . he come to " father and son " by cat steven . he presses play . he listen . as he do , groot crawl up onto the bed , and then onto he lap . quill offer he one of the ear bud . groot hold it against he ear , amaze by the clarity of sound . quill watch he , hearing the beauty of the song more through groot 's face than the music itself . and they sit there together , listen to the music , a new father and son . int . m-ship - outer space nebula fly away , sad , perhaps regretful , but force she chin up to brace against what 's to come . int . quadrant SMALL hallway - outer space gamora watch , through a window , as nebula leave . 134 int . quadrant flight deck - outer space rocket see something by the ash . his eye alight . rocket they come . int . captain quarter - outer space groot see colorful flashing light out of the window . he pull on quill 's shirt to show he . they go to get a better view . int . quadrant flight deck - outer space drax and rocket see yondu 's cosmic ash pulsing and swirling out in space as , one by one , enormous ravager ship arrive around they . they each flash specific light sequence - and , with all the ship together - it look like firework . drax what be it ? rocket I send word to yondu 's old ravager buddy and tell they what he do . quill come up behind they with groot , just as gamora enter . quill smile . quill it 's a ravager funeral . int . hallway - outer space kraglin see it from here . he scream with joy , and he slam he fist twice against he chest , a ravager salute . I /e. ravager flight deck 1 - outer space stakar and martinex watch he there , move . martinex he do not let we down after all , cap and . stakar no , he do not , son . he do not . 135 I /e. ravager flight deck 2 - outer space charlie - 27 , a enormous man , be wistful as he salute . charlie - 27 fare thee well , old friend . I /e. ravager flight deck 3 - outer space aleta be here , tear in she eye , alcohol in she hand , a all - female ravager crew around she . aleta see you in the star , yondu udonta . int . quadrant flight deck - outer space and the guardian all watch , enchant by the majesty . rocket he do not chase `em away . quill no . rocket even though he yell at `em . quill shake he head . rocket ( cont 'd ) and be always mean . quill shake he head . rocket ( cont 'd ) and he steal battery he do not need . quill be surprised - what ? and then he look at rocket , a little animal who do not know the rule of how to be any more than a young boy whose tribe sell he into slavery . quill of course not . baby groot be on gamora 's shoulder . he reach for drax , who take he . baby groot yawns and nuzzle into drax 's shoulder , fall asleep . drax lovingly pat he back . gamora look at drax and groot , and rocket , and mantis , take it all in , this strange family of hers . she turn to quill , stare at he with love . 136 quill ( cont 'd ) what ? gamora it 's just some unspoken thing . quill wrap he arm around she and she sink into he . mantis smile and become teary and gasp , overwhelm , as she look out the window . mantis it 's beautiful . drax it be . and so be you . ( beat ) on the inside . they turn back to the window and they stand there together , we guardian of the galaxy , watch the ravager funeral and the colorful dust of a old friend dance . and the shape of the dust seem to form something very close to a arrow . rocket see this and he cry . the end ( not really ) run credit . " surrender " by cheap trick plays . credit break 1 - int . eclector hallway - outer space surrender be playing here . kraglin have have a version of yondu 's fin implant in he head . he look nervously down at the arrow on the floor . he try to whistle . it just flip around like a dead fish . he whistle again , and it fly up , hit a wall , and fall back down again . he whistle again , and it zip away . we hear a scream . kraglin look around the corner where drax be sit , the arrow impale in he chest , yell in agony . kraglin look around , hope no one see he there , and he try to slink away . 137 more credit as surrender chorus kick in : mommy 's all right , daddy 's all right , they just seem a little weird . end credit - int . stakar be ship - outer space stakar look sad , serious . stakar it 's a shame it take a tragedy like lose yondu to bring we all back together . but I think he would be proud if he know we be work as a team again . over stakar we see this incredibly motley crew - martinex , charlie - 27 , aleta , who be hold mainframe ( a robotic head in a cage ) , and the mouthless , wormlike krugarr , stakar ( cont 'd ) what say we steal some shit ? charlie - 27 in . martinex dope . mainframe I missed you guy ! krugarr make a hex symbol and two colorful thumb - up burst in front of he . aleta Hell . yes . end credit - int . birthing pod chamber - day ayesha sit on a bench , brood , dishevel and still furious . the Chambermaid cautiously approach . chambermaid High priestess , the Council be wait . ayesha they be perturb I have waste we resource . the Chambermaid smile politely , nod slightly , agree in a circumspect manner . ayesha stare across the way . 138 ayesha ( cont 'd ) when they see what I have create here , they wrath will dissipate , though it will be some time . the Chambermaid look where ayesha be look . chambermaid that be not just another birthing pod , mar 'am ? ayesha that , my child , be the next step in we evolution : more powerful , more beautiful , and more capable of destroy the guardian of the galaxy . a large , human-sized cocoon stand where ayesha stare . ayesha ( cont 'd ) I think I shall call he ... ` Adam ' . BOX over credit - int . groots bedroom - outer space quill be stand in the bedroom doorway , look down . quill dude , seriously , you get to clean up you room . it 's a complete mess . we reveal a gawky adolescent groot , hunch over , play a video game , in this very messy room . adolescent groot I be groot . quill I be not boring , man . you be boring . once I get stick on a planet where everyone be just line and dot . I have to use geometry to get out of prison . be that boring ? adolescent groot shake he head in disdain . quill ( cont 'd ) you know what 's boring ? not do the dish . what 's boring be I trip over you vine everywhere . adolescent groot sigh . 139 quill ( cont 'd ) drax and I switch pants in the middle of that party last weekend . for no reason other than we be awesome and very much not boring . quill start to walk away then come back . quill ( cont 'd ) once I get a venereal disease that make I float for three day ... do not tell gamora ... it 's dormant , but ... if that 's boring then , I guess I be boring . he look at he . quill ( cont 'd ) I be not boring . groot roll he eye and make a exasperate sound . quill ( cont 'd ) what 's boring be when you roll you eye like that at I and make a exasperate sound like I be a old , boring , stupid idiot . quill think . quill ( cont 'd ) now I know how yondu feel . quill begin to cry . quill ( cont 'd ) yondu . CUT to black . the end