hacksaw ridge by ROBERT schenkkan revision by randall wallace March 12 , 2013 walden media 1888 century Park E # 1400 Los Angeles , CA 90067 ( 310 ) 887-1000 out of black , we superimpose : the follow story be true . dissolve to : in the darkness the SOUND of distant explosion : mortar , howitzer , '' Long Tom '' artillery , 16 '' Naval shell , rocket , and bomb . the sound grow louder . nearer . hungrier . over black , we superimpose : Okinawa . May 2 , 1945 open montage : we intercut as necessary quickly between shot , the fury and confusion of true war play out in front of we , all froma single soldier 's Pov . the sound of war crash we between flash of consciousness . ext . hacksaw ridge , okinawa - wounded soldier 's Pov --boom !!! we be lie on the ground . under grey , weep sky , a jag , ancient coral outcropping abruptly rise above we and dominate the countryside . --look around the landscape a blast , hellish mix of crater , shell - pock boulder , and mud . everything have a scorched and blacken appearance from two week of continuous , unrelent bombardment . --a small group of american soldier ( 307th infantry , 77th Army division , lst battalion , company B ) be fight with dogge determination several foot away . -- a few man run up to we Pov -- look down at we leg , a mess of blood , muscle , and expose bone . -- look at we side and rip , cover in blood . captain keep pressure on that wound ! the soldier tear out bandage from a half - burn medic kit and stuff they against the bleed . 3.4.13 2 . a mortar round land nearby , shower they all with dirt and debris . we black out . --look up at two man carry we body ... -- head down a ladder -- we be load onto a stretcher and shove into a ambulance . as the door close , we briefly catch a glimpse of one of the medic shaking he head at the captain . the montage end as we be give a shot of morphine . fade to : ext . blue ridge mountain , VA - spring , 1927 in contrast , this mountain lush and green , thick with old growth timber and flowering shrub . titles : eighteen year earlier ... lynchburg , Virginia ext . lynchburg , VA - same norman rockwell come to life . small wooden house on the roll hill of the Virginia piedmont , more country than city . two boy be roll a coaster wagon through they yard . desmond , the young , 8 year old , push ; he brother MARK , 10 , hold the wagon tongue and steer . the wagon contain a collection of rusty junk metal . the wagon be heavy and the boy small , but they be tough and determine . they be like Tom sawyer and huck Finn . ( note : the real desmond doss , throughout he life , speak with the distinct accent of the Virginia 's Blue Ridge Mountains , a lilt and beautiful usage that persist in some place to this day . we make no attempt to render that accent in this page , but the presence of it in he speech bring even more distinction and majesty to he real character . ) sitting on the front porch of they house be they father , tom doss . Tom be a big man , sullen man , break in he soul . tom what you boy doin 's ? desmond we be make money ! 3.4.13 3 . MARK at the fill station they be buy scrap metal ! any old junk we haul in , they 's 1l give we cash money ! desmond we get lotsa junk in the back yard ! tom you know why they want it ? the boy have not even consider that . tom ( cont would ) they sell it overseas . the jap and Germans make weapon out of it . Tom rub he neck , where there 's a nasty scar from World War I . more than he neck be scar -- but he boy be innocent . MARK can we take it ? tom do what you want . but when that plow tip and lug nut go whistling by you ear , you will say you daddy be right . the boy head around behind the house , Mark whisper to desmond -- MARK come on -- he be not never right about nothin’ . ext . behind the doss garage - day the boy be digging through a trove of cast off part from old farm equipment . then young desmond spot a coin , and lift it , spitting on it to clean it . it 's a dime . desmond look ! I find a dime ! MARK ( jealous ) that 's mine . desmond it be not yours . 3.4.13 4 . MARK I lose it , give it here . he reach for it -- but desmond snatch he hand away ... and suddenly the fight 's on . they be real scrapper , roll around on the ground , punch , kick , scratch . this be not they first fight with each other . Mark finally pin desmond . MARK doss say uncle ! say uncle ! young desmond no ! desmond may be young and smaller but he 's every bit he brother 's equal in grit and determination . he elbow Mark in the face and shove he off . in a blind fury , desmond grab a good size rock and lift it over he head with both hand , no think for what he 's about to do but ... ... a large hand reach into frame , grab desmond by he scrawny wrist , and yank he off he brother . tom doss ( 0.c. ) what the hell you think you're do , desmond !?!? Tom stand over they , hold a kick , struggle desmond up in the air like a bug . Tom fold desmond over one arm and begin walloping he on the ass with the other - big , hard stroke which echo like gunshot . bertha ( 0.c. ) Jack ! that 's enough of that ! bertha , desmond 's mother , stand behind they . she 's a small woman but fierce in she own way . Tom look at she with defiance but he let desmond go , and the boy fall to the ground like a sack of potato . tom doss he be beat on he brother . bertha beating on he do not teach he any different . Tom wave he hand in half - heart acquiescence . tom doss you be gonna spoil he be all . 3.4.13 5 . int . live room , doss house - moment later close on a illustration of the ten commandment the doss house do not contain much art work , and this would not qualify as art to most people ; it 's more like a cartoon , illustrate each of the ten commandment . desmond 's eye drift over the illustration ; but then they settle on one that have particular relevance : thou shalt not kill , depict by cain hold a bloody club , stand over the prostrate body of he dead brother , abel . there be a look of utter horror on cain 's face . bertha doss ( 0.c. ) murder be the worst sin of all . we be all brother and to take another man 's life be the most grievous thing there be in the Lord 's sight . nothing hurt his heart so much . int . live room , doss house - continuous bertha kneel on a old wear sofa with desmond and Mark stand beside she . they be both look at a frame illustration of the ten commandment hang on the wall . bertha turn and pull desmond down into she lap but he red - rimmed eye never leave the print . desmond why do cain kill abel ? bertha doss oh , he be mad , I suppose . or he want what he brother have . it do not matter why - it 's always wrong . Mark be silent , but desmond be transfix , unable to stop stare at that gruesome primal scene of the first murder . ext . doss house - front porch - evening the sun 's go down , and Tom doss be sit on he front porch , bored and sullen . he reach to the firewood box beside he chair , and from behind it he draw a masan jar half full of clear liquid -- moonshine . he take a sip . from inside he hear Mark 's voice . 3.4.13 6 . MARK doss daddy ?! can we get down now ?! he tuck the jar away quickly and wipe he mouth . tom doss ask you mama , she 's the one do not want to whip you ! int . doss live room - evening Mark hop off the chair , leave desmond still in the position where they mother leave they . Mark head into the kitchen ... int . doss house - kitchen - evening Mrs. doss be cooking dinner as Mark come in , wear a expression of exaggerated pennance . MARK mama , can we stop stare at the commendment ? bertha commandment . be you sorry ? MARK yes be . bertha tell desmond . MARK ( without move ) sorry , desmond ! bertha okay , you can go . bertha stand for a moment wonder why she have not hear a response from desmond . bertha ( cont would ) desmond ? ( beat ) Des ? she move into the live room , and find she youngest son now stand , stare straight at the picture . 3.4.13 7 . bertha ( cont would ) desmond ?... from the Pov of the picture , we see desmond 's stare , he entire soul fix on it . he 's stare at cain , a look of horror on he face at what he 's do . there be tear in desmond 's eye . and bertha realize with a certainty what she have always suspect : desmond feel thing in a unique way . ext . railroad track , VA , september , 1941 - day title : fourteen year later . lynchburg have always be a railroad town ; track cut through the gorge and span ridge . twenty - five year old desmond now walk alongside the track . he 's grow into a thin but wiry man with a pleasant but crooked smile . his sense be keen ; he hear the chirp of a bird and he blue eye catch sight of a bright red cardinal high in a hickory tree . he 's a true country boy , at one with nature . int . hospital room - later desmond wait he turn . fascinate by all thing medical , he can not help but poke around in the shelf and cabinet . the door behind he open and desmond whirl around , embarrassed to be catch snooping . he 's even more embarrassed as see he attendant be a attractive nurse , dorothy shutte , early 20' . dorothy anything in particular you be look for ? desmond no , mar ‘am . I be just kind of interested in medicine . he stammer slightly , with nerve . desmond ( cont would ) I use dream about be a doctor . but I do not get much school . 3.4.13 8. dorothy you ever give blood before , mr...? dorothy consult she clipboard . desmond doss . but my friend call I desmond . no , mar ’am , this would be my first time . when they make the announcement in church about a big car wreck and folk need blood so ... dorothy just lie back here . desmond have no idea what to do -- it 's he first time on a hospital table . dorothy be patient and kind , sense he country boy innocence . desmond watch every detail as she roll back he sleeve , dip a cotton ball in alcohol and wipe the crook of he elbow with it . for desmond , it 's almost romantic . then she wrap and elastic tourniquet around he bicep , and slip a iv needle into he vein . she notice that it make he a little pale and queasy ; she smile gently . dorothy ( cont would ) you might be a little dizzy when we be do . be somebody pick you up ? desmond no , mar ’am , I walk from home . dorothy watch the red blood , filling the collection bag . dorothy where do you live ? desmond Fort Hill . dorothy that 's a way . desmond just five or six mile . but I cut through the wood . it 's seven that way ! 3.4.13 9 . he laugh . she laugh too . dorothy you must like the wood . desmond I always feel lose everywhere else . but there I can find my way . dorothy take this in ; desmond seem so simple , so boyish -- even backward . but something about he be deep , and poetic . and unique . it bring out the sweetness in she . dorothy well I have to tell you , Mr. doss . for somebody to walk ten or twelve mile , to give blood to stranger ... I wish everybody be like you . desmond thank you , ' mam . dorothy you do not have to call I ' mam . it 's dorothy . desmond dorothy . yes ' Mam ! she smile ; be he flirt ? she get up . dorothy you 'il be do in a minute . we have cookie and Kool - Aid . help restore you blood sugar . desmond give blood 's get all sort of benefit . int . doss house - that evening desmond enter , more exhilated than tired despite he long walk and the loss of blood but he face fall when he see he father sit , slump , in he rocker . he 's be drink and have fall asleep clutching a pint of whiskey . not a unfamiliar sight . desmond consider he a moment and then gently try to extract the bottle from he grasp . Tom 's eye blink open . tom doss Excuse you ?! 3.4.13 10 . desmond you need some help get upstairs , sir ? Tom push desmond away and rise unsteadily , still clutching he bottle . tom doss not from you . bertha appear in the kitchen doorway , nervously hold a dish towel . bertha you hungry , Tom ? Tom just glare at she and make he way slowly toward the stair . int . doss house - kitchen - later desmond and bertha sit , eat a cold supper . she have not touch hers . desmond silently reach over and hold she hand . desmond 's brother Mark stroll in the back door . he kiss he mother and nudge desmond 's shoulder , sit at the table . bertha ( cont would ) I be wonder if you be gonna make it to dinner . MARK I go by to see the recruiter . bertha involuntarily glance upstairs , afraid she husband might hear . bertha you daddy will not like that . MARK daddy be not payin 's my bill . if there 's a war they 'il need men-- and the paper mill do not need any . Mark dig in and start eat . bertha be distress at the news ; desmond change the subject . 3.4.13 11. desmond met somebody today , a nurse over at the hospital . her name 's dorothy shutte and I be gonna marry she . bertha blink in surprise . bertha goodness . do she know ? desmond I have not get around to tell she just yet . Mark grin , and punch desmond again . desmond smile ... then punch he back . the brother laugh . int . hospital - next day dorothy be work at she station when she look up to see desmond stand there . dorothy desmond ? desmond hi , dorothy . how would the blood drive go . dorothy the church announcement work really well ! we get more than enough . desmond well , that 's good . Cause I need my blood back . dorothy you what ? desmond my blood . I need it back . dorothy but ... we can not just give it back to you . 3.4.13 12 . desmond well you get to , because ever since you stick I with that needle , my heart 's be beat fast , and every time I think about you , it beat faster still . dorothy be that a pick up line ? desmond be it work ? int . lynchburg movie theater - night a movie play on the screen as desmond and dorothy make they way to they seat , obviously late . as they sit , dorothy start to watch the movie . desmond can not help but admire she beauty . he sit awkwardly , try to find a way to connect with she . he try to stretch and put he arm around she , but when she look at he he fumble a bit to try and recover . she simply smile and take a sip of she cola . desmond sit in silence again and then try to have he hand brush up against hers . as he do this , dorothy preempt he and hold he hand . for that moment , neither of they be watch the movie . instead they be both look into each other 's eye . desmond slowly lean in and they share they first kiss . we music rise into a montage of desmond and dorothy 's grow love : ext . peak of otter - day desmond and dorothy hike through the park and look out across the landscape . ext . park - day desmond get onto a old rope swing just after dorothy get off . as dorothy begin swinging he ; she see desmond notice a pretty girl walk past . frustrate , she tug the rope sideways and desmond swing into the tree ... dorothy stalk away after desmond 's crash , but he get up and catch she and explain something we do not hear but understand . dorothy soften and smile ... 3.4.13 13. int . coffee shop - night desmond and dorothy chat furiously across the table , barely have time to take bite of they food . something desmond say crack dorothy up . int . hospital - locker room - day dorothy open she locker to find a orange and a note from desmond . her look of confusion on find the orange turn to a smile as she read the note . ext . lynchburg forest - day the leave be fall from the tress as desmond and dorothy walk through the wood , talk . the montage end as dorothy put she head on desmond 's shoulder . ext . natural bridge , VA - week later - afternoon a glorious late fall day with just a bit of color linger on the tree . desmond and dorothy be walk with other tourist , gaze up at Natural Bridge . desmond they say George Washington throw a silver dollar over it . dorothy seem like a waste of a dollar to I . desmond I doubt anybody 's throw money at it this day ! ( more seriously ) the plant foreman tell I the other day that I be do such a good job , they might raise I up a notch . salary too . hope that do not sound too much like brag . dorothy so , you be gonna be a man of mean , Mr. doss ? desmond I be a man who mean to be one . she look at he , realize he 's plan a future , one that 's build around she . slowly , happily , they kiss . 3.4.13 14 . ext./ int . country road / desmond 's car - afternoon desmond and dorothy drive back to town - they be both aglow with they love . as they pull into town , dorothy notice several car pull over to the side of the road and people crowded around the doorway to a coffee shop . dorothy desmond ... she do not even need to finish she think ; desmond have already start to pull over . ext./ int . lynchburg downtown coffee shop - continuous desmond and dorothy join the crowd that have gather at the coffee shop , just within earshot of the door . everyone look nervously at the radio inside , listen to President Roosevelt . president roosevelt ( on radio ) ... the United States of America be suddenly and deliberately attack by the naval and air force of the Empire of Japan ! Roosevelt 's speech continue as we CUT to : ext . armed force recruiting station - day a long line of man be already wait they turn to sign up . we move through the line of face , some older , some young , everyone want to do they part as Roosevelt 's speech play over . Men continue to join the line , some obviously have come from work , both in suit and in uniform . president roosevelt ( v.o . ) ...- as commander in chief of the Army and navy , I have direct that all measure be take for we defense . but always will we whole nation remember the character of the onslaught against we . no matter how long it may take we to overcome this premeditate invasion , the american people in they righteous might will win through to absolute victory . cemetery sequence ... 3.4.13 15 . we see various close shot of gravestone , from a low angle , jabbing up into the sky ... we pan across they , a whole forest of stone , like a whole army of soldier who have become stone slab as they die in battle . we be ... ext . lynchburg CITY graveyard - day the cemetery be in the very heart of the town , on a hill top , surround by brick wall . and desmond doss 's father , Tom , be stand among the grave stone . it 's a old and seemingly haunt place where few people visit ; for awhile he seem all alone , until he hear -- desmond ( 0.s. ) daddy ?... Tom turn around and stand silently as desmond approach . desmond ( cont would ) mama tell I you want to see I . here ? tom here . yeah . he walk away slowly and desmond follow , completely in the dark about why he father have make such a strange demand . they reach a section of low stone , they perfect line now twisted by tree root and time , they once - smooth surface pitte by weather and pock by moss . desmond confederate . tom Soldiers . boy from World War one be over yonder . even get some from the Revolutionary War on the hill someplace . desmond 's eye lift toward he father , start to understand why he father want he to come here . tom ( cont would ) look at ‘em . all of ‘em soldier . all of ‘em boy . and all of ‘em dead . 3.4.13 16 . Tom sound angry , and bitter , as he always have to desmond ; but for the first time in he life desmond hear a emotion in he father 's voice too . tom ( cont would ) I do not want my boy here . I do not want you here . desmond 's eye meet Tom 's ; there be tear in Tom 's eye . desmond be transfix . desmond Mark 's already join up . the Marine Corps -- tom I know that ! ( try to regain control ) I know that ... Tom cough - - a wet , smoker 's cough that make desmond want to go try to comfort he , but from force of habit he hold back . Tom sag , support himself against one of the gravestone . tom ( cont would ) I do not want you in this graveyard . I do not want you to go to war . desmond daddy ... tom I know they be draft ! but I still get a friend or two ! one of ‘em work at the foundry , make steel they use for ship and tank and such as that . they call it a '' essential defense industry , '' and they 'il leave you alone if you work there . I can get you on . they -- desmond daddy . I already sign up . tom what ? desmond I talk to they at the draft board today . desmond watch he father . he approach he tenderly . 3.4.13 17 . desmond ( cont would ) daddy , I -- tom get you hand off I ! you be stupid ! damn you !! first time in you life I give you the chance to do something smart , and you do this ?! desmond everybody else be -- tom you be not everybody else ! everybody else jump in and do thing quick , without think ! and soldier who live , they live because they can do that ! you can not ! you gotta sit and think and pray about everything ! desmond stand there try to find word , try to find solid ground in this sudden sea of emotion . tom ( cont would ) you be do it right now . ( beat ) you be a terrible son . I hope they kill ya . Tom stagger off , through the old headstone of the dead soldier . int . live room , doss house - day bertha sit cry , alone in the live room . she 's hold something in she hand : picture of she son , Mark and desmond . her tear fall on the glass of the frame . through the front window she see the back of she husband as he sit on the porch , sullen , drink . she 's all alone . ext . train station platform , lynchburg - day the platform be crowded with young man - recruit - be send off by family , friend , wife , and girlfriend . desmond and dorothy be embrace . the wait train sound a shrill whistle - time to get aboard . 3.4.13 18 . dorothy be you sure ... this be right ? it 's what you be really mean to do ? desmond I be just sure I can not sit back and do nothing . dorothy ( try not to cry ) I know . desmond I be sure of something , though . I do not really have the right to be ask you , and we have not know each other for very long , but I can not imagine ... dorothy yes . desmond you do not know what I be about to ask . dorothy yes , I do , and the answer be , yes . I do . they kiss . dot pull out a small pocket new testament and hand it to desmond . dorothy ( cont would ) you keep this with you , all the time . promise ? desmond nod and tuck it away carefully in he shirt pocket . the train blow a second , final whistle and start to slowly pull out . desmond when ? dorothy soon as you get leave . let I know . desmond jump onto the step of the move train . dorothy walk alongside , reluctant to let go of he hand . desmond I love you ! 3.4.13 19 . the train be pick up speed . dorothy have to let go . int . moving train - day desmond sit with the other young man as the train move slowly along the rail , past the hickory and oak tree that line the track . they rumble over a trestle , and desmond realize -- desmond ( to himself ) we be go by my house ! a think strike he ; he look around at the other young guy . desmond ( cont would ) anybody get some paper ? anything ? anything I could write on ? recruit I get some write paper . desmond can you loan I a sheet , I 'il pay you back ! the guy give desmond a cheap tablet ; desmond tear off a sheet and hurriedly pull a pencil from he pocket to write . he 's rush -- but he take the time to write , with feel -- close , the paper : '' daddy ... I love you . desmond '' close : the step of the train car as it rumble along desmond open the door , brace he foot on the step , and reach down to the track bed ; he deftly scoops up a large rock , and wrap the paper around it . ext . lynchburg railroad track - ivy creek trestle - day the train chug slowly over the trestle ; desmond , lean out from the train car , see he house far below . with all he might he throw the rock . it arc through the air ... desmond daddy !... but the train 's whistle drown out he scream ... 3.4.13 20 . and the rock fall to the ground , just shy of the doss 's yard . unseen . desmond see that he message do not make it . he see he father sit sullenly on the front porch , a disappear speck in the distance . int . army bus , day later - morning desmond sit in a old green Army bus jamme with young recruit , full of nervous energy and excitement . he run he finger over the pocket New Testament dot give he as the bus enter the gate of ... ext . ft . jackson , S. CAROLINA , U.S. army hq 307th infantry a sign boast : proud Home of the '' statue of Liberty '' Brigade ! group of sweaty soldier run past , harass by they perpetually dissatisfied drill instructor . desmond 's bus stop and the recruit file out . immediately , sgt . howell , a no -nonsense nco from Alabama , be scream at they . sgt . howell what 're you doin 's standin 's there ?! get the lead out ! move it move it move it ! int . induction CENTER - day desmond and the new recruit be push and herde quickly through a series of station where they be throw uniform , duffel bag , boot , kit . throughout , howell be continuously yell and berate the recruit . desmond be both excited and anxious - he 's never be away from home before and never be around such a group . int . company B barracks - day desmond enter he new housing . the barrack be stifling , even with all the window open . there be a dozen other recruit here , all man older then you might expect - the average age be close to 32 . most of desmond 's platoon have be here for day already and the man glance at they new comrade with casual interest . 3.4.13 21 . smitty , a burly dockworker , be play a knife game - '' stretch '' - against '' grease '' nolan , another Brooklyn native and auto mechanic . smitty balance the knife with a ease suggest intimate familiarity and expertly throw it into the floor , 30 inch from grease 's right foot . grease groan . he have to spread he leg even wider to try and reach the knife . try as he might , grease just can not make it . grease shoot ! you be up , kirzinski . grease move over and another man , kirzinksi , take he place . grease sidle up to desmond and extend he hand . grease ( cont would ) grease nolan outta Red hook . where you from ? desmond Virginia . desmond , desmond doss . grease hillbilly , huh ? that 's smitty there , whipping kirzinski 's ass . kirzinksi like you be do better . smitty say nothing but as the Alpha Dog in the bunch he give desmond a very thorough if silent scrutiny . '' teach '' epstein , a High School math teacher from hartford , glance up from he pulp magazine and smile . teach Zeke Epstein . most guy call I '' teach . '' grease steer doss towards the back of the barrack . grease think we get a empty bunk back here . grease pause near the corner where a group of man be intently play crap . milt '' hollywood '' zane , a professional gambler from Los Angeles , roll the dice - seven - and scoops up the pot . 3.4.13 22 . hollywood Seven be heaven ! come to daddy ! ( glance at desmond ) Fresh blood ! Care to sit in ? desmond no , thanks . grease not as dumb as you look ! that 's Hollywood Zane . Scott drucker there 's a genuine Mohawk from upstate New York . say something in indian , Chief . '' chief '' drucker look at grease with undisguise contempt . chief ugh . mazilli , a big burly redhead with a thick Boston accent reach over and shake desmond 's hand . bruno '' B '' mazilli bruno mazilli . beantown . guy call I B . grease gesture to the far corner where tex royal , a ranch - hand from abilene , be show off rope trick to vito rinnelli . grease that 's tex over there and vito rinnelli . here , I do not think anybody 's use this bunk . the barrack 's door open and sgt. howell burst in . smitty leap to attention and yell out . smitty ' tention ! everyone immediately drop what they be do and stand up . sgt . howell company B on the rope course . five minute . let' go ! ext . rope course - day the man be march over to a climb station where they be each hand a rope . 3.4.13 23 . sgt . howell ( yell ) I be go to teach you how to tie a bowline knot so you can get you sorry ass down from a height so I can kick it ! pay attention ! make a loop . run the tail end through the loop and around the rope . run it back through the loop and pull it tight ! alright , let 's go !! the man struggle to follow howell 's instruction . tex , of course , be perfect but many be flummox . howell walk down the line , testing each knot . he tug grease 's clumsy creation and it come apart in he big meaty hand . sgt . howell ( cont would ) congratulation , dumb-ass , you just fall fifty foot and break you neck ! howell grab Zane 's rope and the knot actually slip , close the loop . sgt . howell ( cont would ) brilliant , private Zane -- you just strangle yourself , numb nut ! howell get to desmond who , to he embarrassment , have inadvertently double he rope and actually tie not one , but two loop . sgt . howell ( cont would ) what have you get here , doss , one for each titty ? you be tie a bowline , boy , not building a bra ! desmond blushes and laugh at himself . there 's a good feel in the group , bond by they mutual clumsiness . sgt . howell ( cont would ) you grinnin 's at I , boy ?! desmond no Sir ! but he still grin . ext . parade ground - day howell double -time march the man over to a rack of rifle . 3.4.13 24 . sgt . howell grab a gun and fall in ! everybody around he be grab a gun but desmond just stare at the rack , some powerful emotion work on he . irritate , howell storm up behind desmond . sgt . howell ( cont would ) do we not have one in you size , soldier ?! desmond ( quietly ) no , sergeant . I can not ... will not touch a gun . everybody get very quiet . howell stare at desmond in complete and utter disbelief . int . captain jack glover 's office - day glover , a tough , no - nonsense former Detroit policeman , be company B 's command Officer , task with the almost impossible mission of create a entirely new unit from scratch . his desk be pile high with report , manual , and document and the office wall be patchwork of overdue work order and task . at the moment , all of that be forget as he try to figure out the enigma that be private doss . captain glover what exactly be the problem ? desmond respond respectfully , but we can sense he 's repeat himself . desmond the Army 's make a mistake . I tell they when I sign up that ... sgt . howell ( sharply ) '' Sir . '' desmond nod , flustered . desmond ( to glover ) yes sir. sorry , sir. 3.4.13 25 . captain glover what you be say 's not possible , private . do you know why that be not possible ? desmond no , sir. captain glover because the United States Army do not make mistake . therefore , if there be a problem here , you must be that problem and I do not want any damn problem in my company . desmond Sir , I be suppose to be send to a medical unit , not a rifle company , so I could -- sgt . howell -- he 's a c.o. howell hand doss 's papers to glover who glance at they with suspicion . captain glover you be a '' conscientious objector ? '' desmond no , sir , I be a conscientious cooperator . I volunteer for active duty and sign on to be a medic . captain glover be you screwing with I , doss ? desmond no , sir . I do not have a problem wear a uniform or salute the flag or do my duty ; only with the take of human life . glover can not believe what he 's hearing . captain glover you do not kill , be all . any other requirement ? anything else we can do to ensure that you have a comfortable stay here in the Army ? 3.4.13 desmond I be a seventh Day adventist so Saturday be my sabbath . and like I be try to explain to the sergeant here , I will not touch a gun . Sir . glover and howell exchange look . captain glover well , just so we be clear , doss , let I tell you my requirement . they be not as complicated as yours , in fact , they be really very simple . as long as you be part of this company , you will obey my order . period . if you will not do it here , I can not trust you 'il do it in battle . I be put you in for a section eight , psychiatric discharge . dismiss ! ext . parade ground - moment later 26 . sgt . howell escort desmond back to the line , where the rest of B company be finish calisthenics drill . sgt . howell think you be pretty smart , do not you ? come in here , make a bunch of ridiculous demand , and think we 'il wash you ass outta the service , be that the plan ? desmond there be no plan . I just want to serve my country . howell study desmond skeptically , completely unconvince . sgt . howell uh-huh . well whatever you plan be , princess , but you be not gonna get away with it . I guaran-damn - tee you that . howell approach the man with desmond . everyone come to attention . sgt . howell ( cont would ) ( address the man ) gentlemen ! I want you to meet private desmond doss . ( more ) 3.4.13 27 . sgt . howell ( cont would ) apparently , private doss do not believe in violence . he do not practice violence . he will not even touch a gun . private doss be a '' conscientious objector . '' do not look to private doss to save you ass on the battlefield because he will undoubtedly be too busy with he conscience to help you ! by this time , everyone be stare at doss with undisguise suspicion , and open loathing . sgt . howell ( cont would ) I realize some of you may have strong feeling about this but the government say we have to respect doss 's rights . it 's what we man fight for : to protect we woman and child and that less able . I will expect every man in this company to give private doss the full measure of respect he 's due for the short time he will be with we . am I clear ! ? all the men yes , sergeant ! ext . obstacle course - afternoon the man run the course , ducking under barb wire , climb wooden wall , splash through water pit , etc . desmond may be skinny but he 's all muscle and have no trouble keep pace with the front of the pack - a fact not lose on smitty . sgt . howell come on you maggot , pick it up ! ext . obstacle course - climbing wall - same the man reach a sheer vertical wall with four knotted rope hang from the top . each soldier grab a line and haul himself up , hand over hand . desmond find himself right behind smitty . as smitty near the top he glance behind at desmond , climb with surprising ease up the same rope just beneath he . smitty hesitates a fraction and then let himself slip down the rope eighteen inch , he foot catch desmond in the face and chest and knock he off the rope and onto the ground . smitty grin and easily pull himself over the top . 3.4.13 28 . desmond pull himself up off the ground , a look of hardscrabble hillbilly determination on he face . he snatch the rope , and quickly hoist himself up again . ext . obstacle course - final track - same smitty cruise up ahead on the final portion of the course , victory assure . desmond bear down and sprint full out until he catch up to a very surprised smitty ; desmond give he a sideways glance , and pull ahead to finish first in the company . smitty be furious as desmond leave he in the dust . int . dine hall - evening a cavernous , drab , pinewood room with long table seating fourteen man . smitty sit at the head ; desmond be at the foot . platter of pork chop , peas , mashed potato and corn be pass down . by the time it reach desmond , there be only a handful of peas and corn leave . uncomplainingly , desmond fill he plate with what 's leave . waving one pork chop on he fork over the two other chop on he plate , smitty yell down the table at desmond . smitty hey , doss ! sorry we run out ! desmond smile back politely . desmond that 's alright , smitty . I do not eat meat . smitty what ? smitty pretend he can not hear doss . yell out to teach , sit next to doss at the end . smitty ( cont would ) what have the c.0o. say ? tex say he do not eat meat ! rinnelli do not eat meat ! 3.4.13 29 . hollywood not a meat eater ! from one man to the next , the word get pass until it reach smitty . smitty look at desmond , at a complete loss for word . desmond smile . desmond I like vegetable , though , plenty fine . thanks . smitty burn , feel somehow that he 's be have . int . company B barracks - night in the precious half - hour to themselves before light out , the man play card , read , chew the fat , or write letter . desmond reach into he shirt pocket and retrieve he New Testament . he run he hand lightly over its cheap leather cover ; he 's in sore need of comfort . a hand reach in and snatch the Bible away . desmond jump up to see ... smitty stand there , grin , hold he Bible . smitty what 's cha get there , dessie ? desmond that 's my Bible . smitty seem kinda small . desmond it 's just the New Testament . smitty half a Bible for half a man ? teach for Pete 's sake , smitty , give he back he Bible . smitty shut up , teach . ( back to desmond ) so how come you do not fight ? you think you be better than we ? 3.4.13 30 . desmond no. smitty what if you be attack ? smitty suddenly backhand desmond across the face , staggering he , and nearly knock he down . desmond touch he face ; he lip be bleed . the barrack grow very quiet . everybody stop what they be do and watch . a few more man gather behind smitty . desmond the Bible say to turn the other cheek . smitty like this ? smitty slap he again , this time in the other direction . more man gather . there be the smell of blood in the water . smitty ( cont would ) see , I do not think this be a question of religion , fella , I think this be just cowardice , plain and simple . be that right , doss ? be you chicken -shit , be that it ? desmond 's hand clench . it take everything desmond have not to leap at smitty and tear he throat out . grease look out , smitty ! he 's get hot ! smitty be you get mad , doss ? well , go on , take a poke ! tell you what , I will give you a free shot . go on . no ? smitty wave the Bible ; dorothy 's picture fall out . desmond reach for it but smitty be faster . smitty ( cont would ) hold on here ! what 's this ? desmond that 's mine . give it here ! smitty finder 's keeper . ( examine picture ) ( more ) 3.4.13 31 . smitty ( cont would ) hey now , this be a fine look woman . kind of woman who deserve a real man ! the man whistle and catcall . desmond give it back . desmond have grow quiet ... still ... dangerous . smitty please . desmond 's eye be hard as mountain granite . desmond please . smitty '' please give it back , smitty . '' desmond please give it back , smitty . smitty smile slowly . smitty Nah , I ' 1ll just keep it . smitty tuck the picture into he pocket . desmond 's eye dart up , full of fire -- and he see smitty smile , wait for he to strike back , and abandon everything that make he who he be . desmond lower he arm . smitty smirk , toss desmond 's Bible to desmond and leave , take the crowd with he . desmond , leave alone , shunne as a coward , pick up he Bible and straighten the crooked page out . a drop of blood from he lip fall on the cover . desmond wipe it off with he sleeve . colonel stelzer ( v.o. ) do you hear voice , desmond ? 3.4.13 32 . int . army psychiatrist office - next day colonel stelzer be a pinch face psychiatrist with a recede hairline and a pierce gaze . desmond sit in front of he : nervous , angry , and defiant . desmond no , sir . colonel stelzer but I understand that God talk to you . be that right ? desmond look , sir , I be not some drool backwood idiot . colonel stelzer be that how you think most people regard you ? '' a drool idiot '' ? desmond I be different . I know that . I do not pretend to be something I be not . I be what I be . colonel stelzer sound lonely . desmond say nothing . colonel stelzer ( cont have ) so you do not hear voice . desmond I pray to God and I like to think he hear I but - it 's not a conversation , like we be have . colonel stelzer so , God do not tell you not to touch a gun ? desmond God say not to kill . that 's the Sixth commandment . colonel stelzer I be quite familiar with the scripture , private . and most people take that commandment to mean , '' do not commit murder . '' War , of course , be a completely different set of circumstance ... 3.4.13 33 . desmond I do not see it that way ... colonel stelzer ..- King David be a '' warrior King , '' and much love by God . desmond and that 's the Old Testament ! Jesus say , '' a new commandment I give unto you , that you love one another and -- " colonel stelzer Jesus do not say anything about not carry a weapon ! do he ? desmond no , sir . colonel stelzer then why will not you ? desmond hesitates - then set he jaw . desmond because I will not . sir. int . company B barracks - day desmond return to he cot and find he pillow soaking wet . he can feel the man look at he . desmond wring out the pillow as best he can . int . army psychiatrist office - day Colonel stelzer be now seat behind he desk . Captain glover stand at attention . colonel stelzer it be my opinion that private doss be not insane or a malingerer . his religious view be certainly ... unique , but they do not constitute grounds for a section eight discharge . he be a legitimate conscientious objector and he must be allow to work as a combat medic provide he qualify in all other area of he training . glover be dumbfounded - and furious . 3.4.13 34 . captain glover and if I choose to appeal you decision , sir ? colonel stelzer ( with a edge ) that would be unwise , Captain . ext . parade ground - day glover stride furiously across the yard , howell beside he . captain glover we be stick with doss ... unless he request a transfer . from now on he 's restrict to barrack and kp . no leave . int . company B barracks - bathroom - day later desmond be on he hand and knee , scrubbing the filthy toilet with a toothbrush . int . messhall kitchen - fort jackson - night desmond stand in the crowded , smoky kitchen , wash a endless stack of dirty dish . his hand be raw from the hot water and bleach . through the window , he can see smitty , grease , Chief , and B laugh and rough-house with one another as they head out of camp on a 24 hour pass . smitty and grease glance back at doss , silhouett in the mess hall window . grease what a weirdo , huh ? complete fruitcake ! smitty shut up , grease . int . company B barracks - day somebody in the back yell , '' attention ! '' as sgt. howell enter in a surprise inspection . everyone leap to they foot . howell prowl around silently , examine the barrack . he stop in front of doss 's bunk . tug on a corner . 3.4.13 35 . dissatisfy , howell yank the entire bedding off the cot and throw it onto the floor . sgt . howell doss , you area be a disgrace ! a pig stye ! smitty grin . howell turn to he . sgt . howell ( cont would ) something funny , ryker ? smitty no , sergeant . sgt . howell what you man fail to recognize be that a unit be no better then its weakest member . to help you learn that lesson , there will be no pass for anyone this weekend and you will all be on kp ! right now , I want you in full gear for a twenty mile hike . let 's go ! howell exit . everyone stare at doss with utter contempt . ext . south CAROLINA countryside - day company B be in full combat uniform carry heavy backpack and weapon - except doss , who be unarm and unburdene . the heat be stifling and the man be sweat heavily as they slog through bog and thick shrub . ext . south CAROLINA countryside - hour later the man be in a state of collapse . sgt . howell take five ! the company fall to the ground where they be ; some be too tired to even move into the shade . tex something 's wrong with teach . doss move to teach - he 's hunch over , he face bone white , he skin dry and hot to the touch . teach headache be all . 3.4.13 36 . teach collapse . int . company B barracks - evening the man wait , they mood sour . nobody will look at doss . howell enter and the man rise to attention . sgt . howell private Epstein be recover but he will not be return to he unit ; he will be discharge . we lose a good man today , through no fault of he own , because this unit do not pull together ; because this unit be weak ! howell leave . slowly , every man in the unit look at doss . int . company B barracks - shower - that night desmond be shower , as he do all thing now , alone . smitty , grease , and Chief enter . just as desmond turn to face they , smitty punch desmond in the face , knock he to the floor . the other man close in around he and begin kick and punch . desmond curl up and try to protect himself but he do not fight back . int . company B barracks - night all the other member of the company sit on they bunk , not look at one another . the only SOUND be that of desmond 's beat in the next room . tex curl up in bed and slowly pull he pillow over he ear to block out the noise . int . company B barracks - next morning the entire company stand at attention . the door open and sgt. howell lead desmond in . desmond 's face look like chop steak : bruise and swollen , he eye bloodshot . his rib obviously ache but he struggle to ignore he pain . sgt . howell last night , private doss be assault in this barrack . I want that man who take part to step forward . no one move . grease sneak a nervous glance at smitty . 3.4.13 sgt . howell ( cont would ) reese ? something you have like to share ? grease shake he head . grease no , sir . sgt . howell private doss . identify the man who beat you . desmond ( quietly ) no , sir . sgt . howell you mean you do not know who attack you ? desmond no , sir . everybody be stare at desmond . desmond ( cont would ) I never say I be assault . howell be stunne ; he do not know how to play this one . sgt . howell what the hell be you say , doss ? desmond I just - fall , be all . int . glover 's office - day captain glover I can hardly leave you in the barrack ; you might have another attack of fall sickness . desmond I be willing to take that chance , sir . captain glover the man do not want you , doss , they hate you gut ! 37 . 3.4.13 38 . desmond Sir , they see I as responsible for they loss of leave , they extra duty , and what happen to teach . they be angry about that - as they be intend to be . glover and howell exchange look . captain glover if you be accuse you drill instructor of ... desmond consider they coolly . desmond I be not ...sir. int . fort jackson officer 's club - evening Captain glover share a drink with he immediate superior , colonel cunningham . colonel cunningham he 's a embarrassment ! we ’1ll be the laughingstock of the regiment . captain glover he pass he section 8 ; I have bring every pressure to bear that I can and he just will not quit . colonel cunningham you should court-martial he . captain glover for what ? doss be a pain in the ass but he always toe the line . colonel cunningham then find a way to move the line . glover throw down he drink -- and a think hit he . captain glover he tell one of the guy he 's get marry this weekend , when he 's on furlough . cunningham see where this be go -- and like it . 3.4.13 39 . int . colonel cunningham 's office - day - one week later cunningham sit at he desk , sgt. howell stand beside he . a line of man stretch through the office as each member of company B apply for , and get , he long await '' two week furlough . '' bore , cunningham glance at each man 's papers and routinely stamp they . until desmond reach the desk . colonel cunningham private doss . I can not authorize you pass . desmond respectfully , sir , I be long overdue . and I be get marry this afternoon ... colonel cunningham ...- I be not interested in you sob story . you be not rifle qualified . cunningham smile , enjoy this . desmond I be not require to carry a gun , sir . Colonel stelzer ... colonel cunningham Colonel stelzer 's determination be ... ( read from report ) '' doss must be allow to work as a combat medic provide he qualify in all other area of he training . '' ( close file ) you have not qualified on the rifle range , private . silence . everybody in line - smitty and the rest of company B - know that cunningham have put desmond in a box . colonel cunningham ( cont have ) show I you know how to handle a rifle and I 'il sign you furlough . sergeant ? Hand private doss you firearm . sgt . howell offer doss he rifle . desmond Sir . I will not touch a gun , sir . 3.4.13 40 . colonel cunningham I be not ask you , private . that be a direct order . and there it be . desmond do not move . colonel cunningham ( cont have ) pick up the rifle . ( doss remain still ) I want you to think very carefully here , doss . pick up the gun ; get you furlough and have a happy honeymoon . refuse to pick up the gun and I will court martial you , and you will spend the next five year in the stockade . desmond be tempt but ... desmond no , sir . colonel cunningham sergeant , you will note that private desmond doss have disobey a direct order from he superior officer . arrest he ! sgt . howell lead desmond out , past the other man of company B. desmond neither seek they pity nor they help . smitty watch desmond as he be lead out . disbelief . anger. confusion . what the hell be it about this guy ? ext . stockade - day as the guard lead desmond in , desmond plead -- desmond I have get to make a phone call . please . guard no prisoner who 's be insubordinate get phone call . the Army lawyer will come to you . 3.4.13 4l . int . stockade cell - evening a bare cell - a cot , a sink , a toilet . desmond sit on the cot , read the Bible dorothy give he . desmond look at he wrist watch : five minute past six . int . 7th day adventist church - lynchburg , VA - same dorothy stand at the altar in she wedding gown , she parent beside she . next to they be desmond 's parent . a tableau of embarrassment and concern . minister ( quietly ) how much longer would you like to wait , dorothy ? dorothy speak without a hint of doubt in she voice . dorothy I think this be long enough . the Minister whisper to dorothy . minister I be so very sorry ... dorothy I be sure there 's a reason he 's not here . we will call you on Monday to reschedule . int . stockade cell - night desmond pace in he cell , he knuckle clench white with barely contain fury . suddenly , the dam burst with a scream - a wrenching roar of frustration and pent - up anger . he grab he cot and smashes it against the floor . he rip the sink off the wall . he smashes he hand against he steel door until he knuckle be bloody . exhausted , he slump down to the floor . int . stockade conference room - next day desmond 's lawyer , captain daniel , be a nervous young man with a mustache so meagre it seem paint on . captain daniel private , outburst like last night do not help . 3.4.13 42 . desmond shrug , sink in misery . captain daniel ( cont have ) there be some good news . they have indicate if you plead guilty , the Army will give you a dishonorable discharge , and you can go home . how 's that sound ? desmond if that 's the good news , I sure do not want to hear the bad . captain daniel look , doss , military justice be a whole different animal . we be at war ! the need of a conscientious objector be hardly a priority . take the deal and be grateful . int . desmond 's cell - day desmond sit on he cot , read dorothy 's Bible . the door open and to desmond 's surprise , Captain glover enter . desmond stand and salute . glover ignore he salute . captain glover sit down . desmond sit , uncertain . glover look out the window at the parade ground , at the man training outside . he see desmond 's Bible ; pick it up . captain glover ( cont have ) this you Bible ? desmond New Testament . my fiance give it to I when I join up . glover shake he head and put the Bible back down on the bunk . captain glover you probably think I be a real son of a bitch who care more about regulation then he do about he man . desmond no , sir . 3.4.13 captain glover do I give you permission to speak ? ( beat ) the U.S. Army do not always arm its medic . do you know that ? the geneva Convention expressly allow medics to be armed and to use they weapon in defense but some nice fellow at the Pentagon decide , like you , that he know better . but after we invade attu last year , a thousand jap armed with rifle and home - make spear launch a banzai attack in the middle of the night directly on the hospital tent where the medic and they wounded lay sleep . we boy fight back as best they could with whatever they could find but hundred die . Captain glover look at doss . captain glover ( cont have ) I do not give a rat 's ass about you principal because the jap do not . one of they come at you and some wounded soldier what be you gonna fight he with , doss ? you New Testament ? desmond with everything I have , sir . I be prepare to give my life for my man . captain glover you do not win war , doss , by give up you life ! you win war by take they . ( beat ) plead guilty and I will see that you receive a honorable discharge . there 's no shame in that . go home and pray , and let the soldier go over there and fight . desmond I can not do that , sir . the two man stare at one another . captain glover Guard ! 43 . 3.4.13 44 , a guard unlock the door . captain glover ( cont have ) you hearing be tomorrow morning . if I can not change you mind , maybe she can . glover leave . desmond rise , afraid to hope , but it 's true - dorothy enter the cell . desmond and dorothy eye each other , unsure of how the other will react . dorothy move into he arm . desmond I ... you know I would have be there if there would be any way ... dorothy what have they do to you ? dorothy sit on the cot ; desmond sit close beside she , take he swollen hand in hers . desmond I go a couple of round with the wall and lose . pretty much the story of I and the army . dorothy they say you could go to prison , desmond . Leavenworth . for a long , long time . desmond be nervous but try not to show it . desmond I do not think that 'il happen . dorothy but you do not know it , do you ? desmond I have come too far . I will not quit . dorothy you try , desmond ; nobody can say you do not . just say whatever they want you to say and come home ! there 's plenty of thing you can do for the war effort at home . desmond I believe in my heart that be a medic be what I be suppose to do ! 3.4.13 45 . desmond realize he 's raise he voice more than he mean to . dorothy be start to seethe . dorothy this be just pride , desmond ! pride and stubbornness ! do not confuse you will with the Lord 's ! desmond ( reserve ) I could say the same thing to you . silence . both be miserable . desmond ( cont would ) I want to do right in God 's eye and - yeah , I may be - like you say - prideful . if I be , it 's because I want so badly to be the kind of man you could be proud of . and I be scared of fail . dorothy look at he - a mixture of love and pity . and then she put she arm around he and hold he close . int . stockade cell - evening desmond sit on the floor of he cell , alone , lose in think . he make a decision , one that leave he feel defeat . he rise and bang on the door . desmond Guard ! I want to see my lawyer . ext . parade ground - morning sgt. howell lead desmond to the courtroom . sgt . howell you be quit just in time , doss . regiment 's finally shipping out ; we be go to get we a real piece of this war . ( confide ) you know , some of we have a pool go on you . Hollywood be give 20 to one odd . desmond where have you put you money ? 3.4.13 46 . sgt . howell let 's just say , you have I a little worried there for awhile . they pass soldier practice bayonet drill , lung at and clubbing padded wooden stanchion with they rifle while they drill instructor urge they on . desmond stop to watch . drill instructor kill ! soldier kill ! drill instructor I can ’t hear you ! soldier kill ! drill instructor be that the best you can do ?! soldier kill ! kill ! kill ! desmond regards all this young man , so confident of they power , act invulnerable -- as if none of they will be wounded , or kill . sgt . howell tug at desmond 's sleeve pull he back to reality . he follow but there 's a different look in he eye now . ext . doss house - day Tom doss drive he car up to the house like a madman , leave deep rut in the muddy front yard . he leap out of the car leave the door open behind he and the engine still run . he hurry up the step to the front porch where dot and bess have be anxiously wait for he . dorothy do you get it ?! Tom hand she a envelope . tom doss right there . go on ! dorothy start down the step . stop and look back 3.4.13 47 . dorothy you be come be not you ? a flash of pain cross Tom 's eye . tom doss no. you go . I ... tell he this be you do . dorothy but it be not . tom doss in a way it be . go on ... you be gonna be late if you do not get start . dorothy start to turn away , but then stop again . there be a gentle strength in she face , the kind particular to Southern woman . dorothy Mr. doss ... when desmond and I marry , you will be my father too . and I be tell you : he have want to know this ... from you . a flash of pain shoot across Tom 's face . tom doss I be no good at this stuff . you go . with one last look and the hint of a nod , dorothy turn back toward the car and head off . int . makeshift courtroom - day a conference room have be hastily transformed into a courtroom . the judge , a jag Officer , sit at the far end behind a table on a raise dais . desmond sit at a table with he lawyer , Captain Daniels . the prosecutor sit at a nearby table next to Colonel cunningham and Captain glover . cunningham look very pleased . glover , on the other hand , be oddly subdued . mp 's flank the door . there be a handful of chair in the back - empty . desmond look around in vain for dorothy , but she be not there . nobody be there for he . judge this be a hearing into the matter of private desmond doss . the charge be disobey a direct order from he command Officer . how say the defendant ? 3.4.13 Captain Daniels rise . captain daniel May it please the court , private doss be prepare to enter a guilty plea . judge be that so , private ? a moment . desmond rise slowly . desmond no , sir . I have change my mind . there be a unpleasant stir in the courtroom . judge you wish to proceed with a Court martial ? desmond 's lawyer , Captain Daniels , whisper to he -- captain daniel doss , what the hell be you -- desmond ( ignore Daniels ; to the judge ) if you say so . judge this be not a game , private . you lawyer have acquainted you with all of the possible consequence ? desmond yes , sir . judge very well . do you deny disobey Colonel cunningham 's order ? desmond no , sir . judge it would seem you leave the court with very limited option . ( a moment ) why be it so important to you , give you refusal to even touch a gun , to serve in a combat unit ? 48 . 3.4.13 49 , desmond take a breath and wipe he sweaty hand on he pants . he 's work this out on he foot ; try to give form to he feeling . desmond when the jap attack Pearl Harbor , I take it personally . everyone I know be on fire to join up . two man in my home town who be declare 4 - F kill themselves because they could not serve . I have a job in a defense plant and could have take a deferment but it do not seem right . it do not seem right to I that other folk should fight and die for my rights , include my right to believe what I believe . be a medic seem perfect . I '’11 be right in the middle with the other guy , no less danger , but instead of take life , I 'il be save it . with the world so set on tear itself apart , it do not seem such a bad thing to I to want to put a little bit of it back together . the man in the court can not embrace desmond 's position , but they can not deny he sincerity . desmond ( cont would ) all I have ever want be a chance to serve my country and to protect my fellow soldier . the judge frown . judge while the sentiment express be laudable , the fact of the case seem incontestable . I have no choice but to recommend we go forward ... the door open and dorothy enter . she spot desmond and rush past the startle guard to he and he lawyer . she hand the envelope to Captain Daniels . judge ( cont would ) how do this woman get in here ? Guards ! 3.4.13 50 . the mps close in . Daniels rise , dorothy 's open envelope in he hand . captain daniel you honor ! I have a letter here ! from Washington ! the judge beckon and Daniels hand he the letter . the judge read it . he glance up at desmond . judge ( read aloud ) '' the defendant 's rights as a conscientious objector be protect by a Act of Congress and he cannot be compel to waive that rights . that include he refusal to bear arm of any kind . '' sign by the War service Commander , Washington , d.c . a stake through the heart of the charge against desmopnd . the judge look over at cunningham and glover . judge ( cont would ) we could proceed , of course , should the Colonel insist ...? Colonel cunningham rise stiffly . colonel cunningham I withdraw the charge , sir . judge then this case be dismiss . private doss , you may resume you duty and begin training as a combat medic . as the courtroom clear , desmond hug dorothy . desmond how do you do this ?! over she shoulder , desmond catch a glance from glover - there be no look of forgiveness on he face , nor any sign of forget this defeat . int . HOTEL room - night desmond lie in bed , absently toy with the wedding ring that now grace he leave hand . 3.4.13 51 . dorothy turn off the light in the bathroom and climb into bed , wear a nightgown and she own ring . they hold each other a moment and savor the look in each other 's eye . dorothy now , I have not change my mind about what you be do and I do not want you to go . but I love you and if you really think this be what you be mean to do , then that 's the way it be . only ... desmond what ? dorothy you do not come home to I and I x11 make you sorry you be ever bear . dorothy try to smile but she tear betray she and then desmond 's mouth be kissing she and they be lose in each other . dissolve to : ext . a road - okinawa - morning titles : okinawa . april , 1945 the Liberty division have finally make it into combat , but they war show little excitement and even less glory . a cold , heavy rain dampen spirit and turn the primitive road into a morass of mud . company B slog through the mire as they try to get up to the front line . desmond walk in the rear - alone - the Red Cross insignia on he arm and he helmet evidence that he be now , finally , a medic . he carry a full field backpack plus three plasma set , a surgical kit , and two canteen , one full of water and one full of rub alcohol . desmond 's training have not bring he any closer to the man , who still noticeably shun he . and he remain the only man among they , indeed the only man in the entire US army , who be unarm . bruno shift the heavy flamethrower equipment on he back . bruno '' B '' mazilli think the Pacific be suppose to be warm . 3.4.13 52 . rennelli that 's what that zippo on you back be for . on either side of the road , the soil be deep red . Rice paddy and cornfield alternate between low pine - cover limestone and ancient coral ridge . smitty do not look a whole lot different than South Carolina . Chief point at a elaborate womb -shape rock structure on one hill . chief wo not see that in South Carolina - that 's a okinawan tomb . kirzinksi how come they do not bury they dead like decent people ? Chief shrug . a sudden distant rumble of artillery pierce the air and every man perk up . jon kirzinksi ( nervously ) our or theirs ? the man up ahead in the line be step over to the side of the road . horn of approach truck be hear honk loudly . captain glover give ’em room ! make way ! company B huddle miserably off the road as a convoy of army truck rumble past they in the opposite direction . the first truck be load with american soldier , gaunt , and haunt - look . they clothes be tatter and filthy but much worse be the vacant look of misery in they eye . hollywood who 's that ? captain glover the 96th ; what 's leave of they . the guy we be replace . the truck keep come by , one after another , full of silent man with ghostly pallor and daze face . 3.4.13 53 . grease how long be they on the line ? smitty two week . jon kirzinksi Jesus . and then the last five truck pass by - full of dead soldier , each man drape in he own damp poncho and then stack like wood , four foot high . the man get very quiet . desmond take off he helmet and the other follow suit . the rain beat down on they bare head and run off they ponchos . the last truck rumble past . there be only the SOUND of the wind and the rain . Captain glover step back into the road . captain glover ( very subdued ) let 's go . ext . okinawa farmhouse - that evening company B enter a typical okinawan farmstead : low stone wall surround a central building with a heavy tile roof and upswept eave . it appear abandon , pock mark by mortar round and machine gun fire , but nobody be take any chance . the man move cautiously , gun ready . sergeant jone hurry up alongside glover . sgt . jone Sir , we get three nip come in , want to surrender . one of ‘em look like he might be a officer . glover , doss , smitty and several other follow sgt. Jones out the rear entrance of the compound to the edge of ... ext . half - plowed field - evening a group of soldier stand watch in amusement as three japanese soldier approach - one riding a bicycle , one sit on the handlebar , and the third run alongside hold a large white flag . captain glover hold you fire ! 3.4.13 54 . several of the US soldier look back to glover in confusion . a few wave they arm at the japanese to halt . as the japanese get within fifteen yard they abruptly stop and abandon the bicycle . all of they pull out grenade and throw they at the Americans ! the grenade explode and simultaneously the Americans open up . in the brief fire - fight , five american soldier be wounded and all three japanese go down . captain glover ( cont have ) cease Fire ! medic ! it be all so fast ; desmond can hardly believe it . captain glover ( 0.c. ) ( cont would ) medic ! desmond grab he kit and hurry towards the close wounded american . it 's not until he 's almost on he that he can see it 's actually two man - bruno , with a gape stomach wound , and lie beside he , kirzinski , dead , he sightless eye stare up at the sky . his first combat casualty . the classroom can not prepare you for this : the smell of burn flesh ; the sight of arterial blood seeping into the ground ; the pitiful SOUND of man whimper with pain . desmond take a hurried breath and check the bruno 's pulse . desmond b? bruno '' B '' mazilli be that you , doss ? desmond do not speak . save you breath . desmond start to cut away bruno 's clothes to get at he wound . bruno be badly rattle , shaking with pain and terror ; the look on desmond 's face be not comforting . bruno '' B '' mazilli ( whisper ) it be not - like - they say it - would be . desmond stop , confuse , for only a moment as bruno 's eye roll back in he head . desmond he 's go into shock ! 3.4.13 55 . desmond quickly inject bruno with morphine and then wrap a tourniquet around he upper arm . he pull out a plasma unit - a box with two bottle and a two way needle - and connect the bottle with the needle . while the liquid be fill the dry plasma , desmond pull out a sterile iv kit and set it up . he insert one end into the now liquid plasma and the other into bruno 's arm . desmond release the tourniquet and the plasma begin to flow into the patient . desmond wait a anxious moment and then , as the color return to bruno 's face , he breathes a sigh of relief . desmond ( cont would ) stretcher team ! a two man stretcher team run up . desmond watch they load he patient and carry he away . only then do desmond realize how much he hand be shaking . ext . okinawa farmhouse - night as the last of the american wounded be evacuate , desmond move to the japanese body . to he surprise , one of they be still alive . it be desmond 's first glimpse of the enemy and despite the treachery of they assault , this soldier do not appear formidable . the japanese soldier look young , barely out of he teens , and so malnourish he 's more skin and bone than anything else . blood bubbles at the corner of he mouth . he look at desmond with absolute terror in he eye . desmond do not hesitate , he squat down beside the wounded soldier and start to treat he wound . smitty ( 0.c. ) leave he be . desmond look up in surprise at smitty stand over he , service revolver draw , glower at the wounded japanese soldier . glover stride over . captain glover son of bitch come in under a white flag . ( to everyone ) no more prisoner ! ever . you get a clean shot on one of they , you take it ! ( to desmond ) leave he alone . 3.4.13 56 . desmond ( quietly ) it 's my job , sir ; take care of the wounded . captain glover not this wounded . boom ! smitty shoot the wounded japanese soldier at such close range that fleck of blood spatter desmond . glover have already begin to walk off . smitty look at desmond . smitty he 's all yours now . ext . okinawa farmhouse - night nervous sentries guard the farmhouse perimeter in two man foxhole . it 's pitch black out and the night be foggy , even further obscure vision . int . okinawa farmhouse - same that man not on duty - include smitty - sit together and eat dinner or smoke . desmond sit by himself , ignore by the rest of the company , eat cold k ration . the door open and another soldier , schecter , enter . schecter be clearly a veteran ; he look rag and beat but he have a warm , engage manner . he carry the equipment of a medic but wear none of the identify insignia . irv glance around until he spot desmond and then come over to he , hand extend . schecter you doss ? irv schecter out of the 96th . you and I be the only medic they get now in this area so it look like we be gonna be work together . smitty the 96th ? you just come off the line ? schecter barely nod , ignore smitty , and hand desmond a medical supply package which desmond start to open . 3.4.13 57 . smitty ( cont would ) what 's it like up there ? schecter finally turn to face smitty . he consider hima minute , something flinty in he gaze that make even smitty uncomfortable . schecter '' hacksaw Ridge . '' that 's where it 's all happen right now . they throw we off it six time and after the last time there be not anything leave of the 96th . smitty and the rest of the man be silent . desmond now have the package open to reveal bandage and surgical dressing - which be all brown instead of white . desmond be this bandage ok ? irv turn back to desmond . schecter they be sterile , if that 's what you mean . we start out use regular white bandage but they show up too easy and the jap deliberately target the wounded . and take off all you Red Cross marking and put some tape over you helmet . jap put a premium on shoot medic . they 's 11l let a whole squad go by just to get a clean shot at one of we . desmond how come ? schecter ' Cause they be animal . I have see they fake be wounded , call out '' medic ! '' just to lure you in . then ... schecter make a slashing motion across he throat . schecter ( cont would ) there be not any geneva convention out there . there be not any rule at all . the man all look at one another . schecter hand desmond a roll of black tape . 3.4.13 58 . ext . road heading south - day it 's a very different company on the march today . several man have be kill or wounded and the true nature of the abyss which yawn before they have be glimpse . desmond glance up at the terrain around they . they be crossing a open valley , half a mile wide . a series of gradual slope lead to they ultimate objective up ahead : a long , high rocky escarpment : hacksaw ridge the jag Ridge run west , to they right , all the way to the sea . the top of the ridge be protect by a sheer cliff which be 70 foot high . at the eastern end of the ridge , to the company 's leave , be a series of sharp rock pinnacle , 480 - 500 foot tall , which dominate the entire formation . with the sun behind it , throw its enormous shadow out towards the man , the entire structure feel oppressive and malevolent . the company have stop - every man in it absorb they first glance of the obstacle ahead . captain glover let 's go ! the company reluctantly begin to move forward . they come upon the first of several unbury japanese corpse - - bloat , decompose body draw cloud of fly . they face be stretch tight , jaw open , as if the dead be still scream . a cloud-like dread begin to descend on the man . desmond notice the footprint of rennelli in front of he . the stream trickle down the middle of the road be change color , get redder . blood red . and then it dawns on desmond that the ground be so saturated with blood that they be literally walk through a stream of it . as every man come to the same shocking realization . hollywood be that ...? it 's not a stream , it 's blood ! 3.4.13 59 . rennelli ( crossing himself ) Lord have mercy . ext . 1st battalion line - day titles : April 24 , 1945 . first assault . the first battalion 's line be 50 yard from the northern edge of the Ridge , run from the pinnacle rock on the leave , to about 500 yard to the right . up close , the Ridge be a even more rugge barrier , actually a ancient coral reef . rain and wind erosion have carve innumerable gully , cave , and hole in the cliff face . two week of combat have leave they mark as well . whatever tree or shrubbery once exist here , all that remain now be blast , char stump and blacken crater . the man of the company B have find shelter wherever they can - some in natural defensive position among the rock , other in foxhole they have scrape out themselves , or that be leave by the 96th . ext . 1st platoon command post / aid station - same Captain glover have set up he Command Post with the platoon 's critical communication gear in a hole between two huge rock on the lower side of the hill . in front , char log have be pile up and cover with dirt for extra protection . twenty yard behind the cp and dig in behind another pile of rock be the medical receiving station , the first stop in the chain of medical care for evacuate casualty . int . company command post - same Captain glover have the ncos , squad leader , and medics gather around while he go over the plan of battle . captain glover the enemy will be soften up by a mortar and artillery barrage . at 1700 hour , when that shadow give we some cover on the face , company B and a will assault the ridge . a will take the pinnacle on we leave , while we seize the section of the ridge directly in front of we . ( more ) 3.4.13 60 . captain glover ( cont would ) the two company will then link up on top and establish a new defensive perimeter which we will hold at all cost . glover hesitates . captain glover ( cont have ) we need Okinawa as a staging area for the invasion of Japan but the entire movement of the Army have be hold up , right here . we navy be stick off the coast get hit by kamikaze attack and lose a ship and a half a day . hacksaw Ridge be the key to they defence . we take hacksaw , we get Okinawa . we get Okinawa , we take Japan . so the sooner we get this do , the sooner we can all go home . question ? the man be silent . captain glover ( cont have ) ok . see you on top . everyone start to leave . captain glover ( cont have ) doss . desmond return . glover wait until they be alone . captain glover ( cont have ) that damn ridge have cost we so many Americans we do not even have a accurate count yet . when we attack , the only hope any man have of survive be to kill every jap he see without hesitation . whatever nonsense you believe , you keep it to yourself -- and do you job . you understand I ? desmond yes , sir . ext . company B line - 1700 hour the man wait nervously in they position , check they weapon and ammunition . some man have short six foot ladder and heavy climbing rope with grappling hook . 3.4.13 61 . over they head , U.S. mortar and artillery shell arc in and explode on top of the Ridge . as medic , desmond and schecter wait the standard 10 - 15 foot behind the man . they will follow the attack from this position so they can better see when someone go down . schecter go over he supplies obsessively . desmond close he eye and say a silent prayer . several of the other man notice . desmond whisper '' amen '' and take he New Testament from he pocket , run he finger over its cover . suddenly , the artillery barrage stop . desmond open he eye and nervously tuck he Bible away in he breast pocket . Captain glover look at he watch . it 's time . he hand signal the '' go ahead '' to he squad leader . ext . cliff face - same with the scout , include Chief , lead the way , the man move as fast and as silently as they can , scramble over the rubble at the base of the Ridge , hand over hand . this be not the charge of the Light Brigade . every man be utterly terrify and be force himself to move forward by a sheer act of will . two team set up ladder against the cliff face . immediately , two man with rope climb to the top of the ladder and toss they grapple hook onto the lip of the Ridge , try to grab a secure hold . surprisingly there be little enemy resistance -- only some sniping and a few knee mortar round . one soldier go down . desmond hurry towards the wounded soldier when a mortar round land nearby on the rock . a handful of razor - sharp shard of limestone smack desmond in the right side , spin he around , and knock he down to the ground ! desmond 's hand and face be bleed . he look in wonder at he own blood - half terrify at how close the shell be and half delighted at the modest nature of he injury . desmond wipe the blood off on he own shirt , and plunge back towards the line . the soldier swarm up the cliff face and finally onto the top of the Ridge which be reveal to be a small plateau . 3.4.13 62 . ext . cliff face - ten minute later desmond haul himself up the last few foot of rope and onto ... ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau lip - continuous the edge here be maybe fifteen foot wide and two to six foot deep . dotte with boulder and stump of shattered tree , it rise up towards the plateau in a small berm . this tiny protect area be all the shelter the plateau offer . Captain glover and the rest of the man be huddle behind the berm , peer cautiously over the edge . desmond reach they just as glover give the signal to move forward across the berm and onto ... ext . OPEN plateau - continuous the plateau , seemingly open , be actually crisscross by numerous cunningly hide small ravine and gully , and still smoking from the pre-assault bombardment . there be no japanese force or defensive structure visible . that do not mean they be not there . as glover and he man move out into the open , all hell break loose . heavy machine gun FIRE from three cleverly camouflage position rake the top of the plateau . simultaneously , there be a shower of hand grenade from individual japanese Soldiers hide in natural fold and man - make trenches in the ground , or pop out of camouflage '' spider hole . '' japanese knee mortar , 81 mm mortar , and even 47 mm gun launch from position hide in the rear of the Ridge - the '' reverse slope '' - fall among the Americans with devastating result . the company respond with they own grenade , carbine , and bar but the enemy be so well hide it 's hard to find a target . immediately , the company start take casualty . in front of desmond , a soldier take the full blast from a japanese mortar shell and be toss up into the air and backwards , slamm into the ground . desmond launch himself over the berm and run to the down man , ignore the fire and explosion all around he . the man have lose both he leg from the knee down . 3.4.13 63 . schecter run past desmond and glance down at the wounded soldier . he shake he head . schecter waste of time ! come on ! the wounded soldier grab desmond 's arm . wounded soldier do not leave I ! please , God , do not leave I ! desmond lean close to the soldier - he can not be more than nineteen . desmond I be not go anywhere ! what 's you name ? desmond quickly inject the soldier with morphine and tie a tourniquet around the stump of he leg . wounded soldier s.s..s.. Stevens . private J. Stevens . desmond where you from , private Stevens ? wounded soldier buffalo . desmond that 's near Niagara Falls , right ? always want to see that . ok , I have get to get you off of here . arm around my neck ; hold on now ! desmond pick up the wound soldier and carry he to the cliff edge . desmond look down . it 's seventy foot straight down . it do not seem so far climb up but it look like the bottom of the Grand Canyon from here . desmond wrap a bandage around he right hand and grab one of the climb rope , while he simultaneously try to secure the soldier with he leave hand . suddenly , there be a ear-splitt roar , like a freight train approach , move down towards he . desmond look up to see ... 3.4.13 64 . a huge japanese spigot mortar shell , the size of a garbage can , stuff with twenty pound of high explosive , arcing down directly towards he . desmond look around in terror . to jump from the cliff would kill both he and he patient . desmond push the wound soldier down and cover he with he own body ... the shell pass within six inch of desmond and land at the base of the cliff - and fail to go off ! desmond shudder with relief . shakily , desmond secure the wounded soldier , grab the rope with he one free hand , and use he foot to slow he descent , jump off the cliff and slide down the rope . desmond can not control they motion very well and the rope begin to swing , throw they into the cliff face . desmond try to put himself between the rock and the wounded soldier . ext . hacksaw ridge - base of cliff - continuous bruise and batter , desmond reach the bottom ; terra firma never feel so good . the spigot mortar Shell that miss they be stick out of the mud - somehow it have land on its back and thus fail to explode . desmond have to steady himself at the think of how close he come to die but he have a job to do : desmond ( cont would ) stretcher ! a four man stretcher team race out from they position hide in the rock and grab the wounded soldier . desmond run alongside as the stretcher bearer carry the soldier back through they own line towards the ... ext . company aid station - continuous .+- where a doctor be already treat income casualty . he glance at the wounded soldier with a critical eye . doctor plasma ! desmond watch while the Doctor go to work . he glance up at desmond , gesture furiously at the soldier 's mangle leg . 3.4.13 65 . doctor ( cont would ) you ever hear of triage ? he will not last a day ! and if he do , he will not thank you ! ( to a assistant ) get I some plasma over here ! desmond stumble out of the aid station and back towards the escarpment . he stop in shock as he see the rest of company B scramble down off hacksaw Ridge in a frantic , helpless retreat . it be utter chaos . ext . foxhole below the ridge - night as japanese mortar sporadically lay down harassment fire desmond crouch in he foxhole look through he k ration package for he dinner option : '' Ham and Egg '' , '' beef '' , '' Ham and cheese . '' all meat . resigned to go hungry , he pull the single hardtack cracker out of he kit and munch on it slowly , wash it down with water from he canteen . smitty come sprinting over and jump into desmond 's foxhole . desmond be surprised , but pleased at he company . for he part , smitty be try to put on a good face but clearly , he 's unnerve by they first combat experience . desmond hey . smitty not here to be sociable . Captain want all the medic to have a rifleman with they at night , in case one of that jap infiltration team get through . I draw the short straw . as smitty talk , he nervously lay out he weapon : he jab he k - bar knife into the ground for quick access alongside he pistol , he carbine , a extra magazine , and two grenade . smitty ( cont would ) I could not see they up there ! it be like they be invisible or something . you know they be there because they be tear we up , but you could not see they . desmond camouflage , I guess . smitty like ghost . you gonna eat that ? 3.4.13 66 . desmond shake he head and smitty snatch the beef package , rip it open , and stuff it in he mouth . smitty ( cont would ) mortar be the worst . I hate the way they sound come in on you but Jones tell I that it 's the one you do not hear that kill you . I think grease wet himself . he be not the only one . ( slight hesitation ) noticed you be talk to yourself plenty , go up . desmond pray . smitty never be too big on church and stuff like that . desmond do not need church to pray . do not need anything . it 's just ... you talk to God . smitty uh-huh . he ever talk back ? desmond not like this . more just a feel of be hear . safe . smitty safe ? smitty look around at the desolate landscape . smitty ( cont would ) that would be a good trick . smitty clearly seem to be struggle with something . after a moment of hesitation he reach into he pocket and hand something to desmond . smitty ( cont would ) here . desmond look down to find the photo of dorothy that smitty have steal from he earlier in he hand . it 's tear in some place and dirty in other , but the sight of dorothy bring a almost forget comfort to desmond in that dark place . 3.4.13 67 . smitty ( cont would ) I never feel good about take it . and never could throw it away . desmond smitty ... smitty do not think this mean we be square or nothing . you be still weird to I . but ... you do good today . int . company command post - dawn glover address the squad leader and medics . captain glover ok , I know we get we ass hand to we but at least we have get a better sense of what 's on top . the jap have build a three bunker system in a triangle formation towards the southeast corner . we neutralize that bunker and we should be able to roll over the ridge . sgt . jone we be too slow put man and supplies up there the way we do it yesterday . not to mention get we casualty down . captain glover yeah . I ask the navy for some heavy cargo net . I figure we can attach they to that tree stump up on the lip and move we man up a heck of a lot faster . gonna need volunteer to tie that net up . there be silence . the man avoid look at one another . finally , desmond raise he hand . desmond I 'il go . a moment , as the man take this in . then smitty raise he hand , follow by sgt. jones. 3.4.13 68 . ext . base of the ridge - dawn desmond , smitty , and Jones wait in the relative security of the foot of the cliff . each man tie a rope to he waist , the end of which be secure to one end of two cargo net lash together . finish , the man pick up they climb rope with the grapple hook . they be ready . glover notice a combat PRESS team approach . captain glover ( incredulously ) what do you want ? combat photographer for the folk back home . glover shake he head and nod at he three rope man . captain glover smile pretty for the camera , fella . desmond , smitty and Jones force themselves to smile for the photographer . glover signal and he man prop three makeshift ladder up against the cliff face . desmond and the two other begin to climb as fast as they can while the rope attach to they be carefully play out . the other soldier in the unit watch in surprise and even admiration as desmond scoot up the ladder , all the while mumble a prayer . he leave smitty and Jones struggle slowly behind . near the top , desmond throw he grapple hook up and secure a hold , then hoist himself , hand by hand , up over the ... ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau lip - continuous be sure to keep he head down beneath the height of the berm , desmond quickly remove the rope from he waist and loop it around a thick tree stump . lying back on the ground , foot brace against the stump , desmond pull with all he might to hoist the cargo net up the cliff face . by this time , both smitty and Jones be on either side of he , pull up they load . from below , desmond can hear glover call : 3.4.13 69 . captain glover tie it off ! desmond wrap the line around the tree trunk one last turn for extra measure and then secure it with a knot . he move to the edge of the cliff and look down . he be fearless . below he the photographer be click away . smitty join desmond , grin and pose for the camera . smitty like frickin’ iwo jima ! captain glover alright , lady , get down offa there before you get you movie star ass shot to piece . ext . company command post - day glover lay out the refine attack plan for the squad leader , medic , and the combat Press team . on the ground in front of he , glover have construct a crude diagram of the plateau use twig and stone . captain glover company a will start the assault on the pinnacle to draw they focus and then we head up under cover mortar fire to keep the jap pin down . soon as we be in position , we pour in small arm fire while the demo squad get close enough to toss in a satchel charge on the main bunker . bunker blow , we move in fast on the other two , just like we train it . question ? all right , let -- tex raise he hand . tex Sir ... I would like doss to pray for we before we go up . glover be stunne , but no more surprised then desmond . captain glover '' pray for we ? '' 3.4.13 70 . tex the company . captain glover you gotta problem with that , doss ? desmond ( uncomfortable ) no , sir . captain glover well - I guess it can not hurt . ext . base of the ridge - day beneath the overhang , every man in company B have assemble for the assault . above they , Army mortar be continuously blast the top of the ridge . titles : second assault on hacksaw Ridge . glover gesture unenthusiastically to desmond who remove he helmet and kneel , as do tex and some of the other man . smitty hang back but he watch everything closely . desmond himself be nervous ; this be not something he want to do , or be comfortable with . desmond Lord . we pray - that you give we officer here , especially Captain glover , wisdom in know how to give he order because we life be in he charge . give we wisdom and the ... the help we need in take all the precaution we can , and if it be you will , we all come back alive . amen . desmond look around . to he surprise , all the man seem focus in they prayer . several of they echo he '' amen '' with unusual conviction . glover look around at he company and nod . for better or worse - it 's time . captain glover ok . let 's go . the man of company B begin rapidly climb up the cargo net and scale the cliff . reaching ... 3.4.13 71 . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau lip - day careful to stay below the berm , they crawl on they hand and knee and spread out along the edge of the cliff in good order . desmond watch as Captain glover quietly signal over the radio to the mortar team below . almost immediately , the mortar barrage stop . that 's the signal for company B to attack . as one , the man throw grenade over the berm and then rise up and begin a concentrate FIRE across the plateau . smitty focus he bar on the MAIN bunker while ... the demo man crawl out onto the plateau , beneath the bullet of he own man , carry a twenty pound satchel charge of dynamite . when he be within ten foot of the Main bunker , he pull the fuse and throw he satchel on top of the bunker . there be a tremendous explosion , blow a hole in the bunker roof . as the man be wait for the dust to clear -- a sniper shot hit schecter in the leg . he yell once and fall . immediately , desmond kneel beside he . schecter oh , man , that hurt ! how bad ? desmond look down at irv 's leg and see a severe , but survivable entrance wound . the exit wound , however , be much worse . desmond million dollar wound , irv . you be go home . desmond start to give schecter a morphine injection . schecter no -- no morphine . I be good ! save it for somebody who need it . desmond hesitates a moment , consider how tightly to wrap the tourniquet . he glance at the wound once more and wrap a loose tourniquet around schecter 's leg as a stretcher team hurry up alongside . they pick up schecter and carry he off ; schecter give desmond the thumb up as he go . 3.4.13 72 . glover gesture and then lead a charge of the entire company , yell and scream ... desmond hurry after he company as they race -- across the plateau ... towards the now vulnerable bunker . several man toss grenade into the hole . within the bunker , explosion shudder the ground in rapid succession . scream echo up from inside . a soldier release a searing blast of liquid FIRE from he flame - thrower into the bunker 's gun port and the scream inside intensify . have demolish the Main bunker , the company split into two pre - assigned team and each team attack one of the two remain bunker with grenade , satchel charge , and flamethrower . the company sweep the Ridge - victorious . ext . base of the ridge - day desmond climb down the cargo net to find a group of he fellow soldier wait for he . the man smile at he and pat and touch he shoulder affectionately . soldier heya , doss ! / thanks , buddy !/ Way to pray . / bless you , man . / you save we ! desmond smile tightly and nod -- uncomfortable with they praise . int . medic station - afternoon the usual chaos as overworked doctor and nurse tend to the newly wounded . desmond glance around and grab a pass surgeon . desmond what happen to schecter -- medic in company B ? he come in just as we start the assault . the surgeon look at desmond and shake he head . desmond ( cont would ) ( stunne ) he be not hurt that bad ! 3.4.13 73 . surgeon the tourniquet must have come loose , he be bleed profusely , go into shock . at least you give he morphine . desmond 's face drain . desmond he do not want any . the surgeon move on , hurried . desmond be devastate , guilt - ride for let he friend die in pain . int . company B command post - evening Captain glover be on the radio with he superior officer , Lt. Colonel cooney , at first battalion hq . captain glover company B accomplish its objective today and we have secure a foothold on the plateau . intercut as necessary -- int . first battalion hq - lo. cooney 's tent - evening lt . cooney , a overweight but powerful man sit uncomfortably in he tent , a map engulf the table in front of he . as he hear this news , he relax slightly . lt . colonel cooney ( surprised ) well do , Captain . casualty ? captain glover just one , sir . lt . colonel cooney repeat please . captain glover we have one casualty , sir . lt . colonel cooney company a on you leave be decimate and you have only one casualty ? be you sure you attack the right ridge ? 3.4.13 captain glover yes , sir . lt . colonel cooney well , what the heck do you boy do differently out there today ? ext . doss / smitty foxhole , the plateau - night 74 . desmond and smitty be carefully heating a cup of coffee over the flame of they burn k-ration wrapper . smitty be start to relax around desmond . smitty so what 's next ? I have get a canteen of water here you could turn to wine if you want . desmond it be not I ; I do not do anything . smitty yeah . it be God or whatever , but you pray he down . desmond he 's not a -- a faucet you turn off and on . he do not come run when I whistle , it do not work that way . smitty you know what ? you be a real pain in the ass ! you be all Holy Joe when we be stomping you but then when we be on you side that do not make you feel good either ! desmond ( very quietly ) irv die . smitty schecter ? what happen ? desmond I screw up . 3.4.13 75 . ext . behind the command post - night Engineers be cut sheet of tin with metal snip and bend they around empty artillery shell to make long U - shape section . other Engineers connect the section into six - foot-long unit use a hand punch and metal brad for fastener . there 's something medieval about the image , like blacksmith prepare strange gothic siege equipment . int . company command post - same Captain glover 's primitive map diagram reflect the day 's success and tomorrow 's objective . captain glover every man should take pride in what we do today . company B achieve something that no other unit in the 381st or the 307th have manage in the last four week . there be murmur of satisfaction among the man . some whistle quietly , or nudge each other in approval . only desmond be quiet . captain glover ( cont have ) it look like we break the back of hacksaw 's defensive line . however , Chief notice a cave open hide behind that three pillbox . there 's some speculation that this may lead to the heart of the japanese fortification . sgt . jone it 's too big for satchel charge . captain glover exactly . so I have get Engineering building we a metal trough we can carry up in section and assemble on top . I figure we poke the end of the trough into that cave and pour a dozen Jerry can of gasoline and diesel fuel down they throat -- and then throw in a phosphorus grenade or two . sgt . jone fry the sumbitch . the man nod , spoil for revenge . 3.4.13 76 . captain glover any luck , we will be do with hacksaw Ridge by tomorrow afternoon and head to the coast . ext . the plateau - desmond & smitty 's foxhole - night both man be crouch in they foxhole , wait for first light . desmond whisper ... desmond you hear something ? smitty shake he head but he lift he gun . both man lean forward but the darkness be impenetrable . smitty May be just a rat . there be another SOUND now , clear to both man , off to they leave . smitty slide a round into the chamber of he rifle . suddenly , they be swarm by japanese soldier ! smitty shoot one but the second soldier bayonet he in the gut . desmond duck a savage thrust from a third soldier and clobber he in the side of the head with he metal helmet . desmond try to get to smitty but another soldier step between they and fire he gun so close that the heat of the blast scorch the side of desmond 's face . desmond grab the barrel and pull the jap soldier forward , swinging he elbow wildly into the man 's face and shatter he nose . desmond get hit in the back and knock to the ground . his finger search blindly for any kind of weapon and he find a break rifle in the mud . he stagger to he foot , swinging the rifle like a bat but a japanese officer step forward , pistol extend , point at desmond 's heart . without think , desmond raise he rifle but a flare go off overhead , bathing the battlefield in a eerie green light and in that split- second desmond realize that the japanese Officer look weirdly familiar ... he look like - no , he be - desmond 's Father ! Tom doss smile at desmond as he pull the trigger and the bullet tear into desmond 's chest and ... smash CUT to : 3.4.13 77 . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau foxhole - night desmond wake up in a cold sweat ; he heart pound . he be back in he foxhole on top of the Ridge at night . smitty sit across from he , smoking a cigarette and carefully cupping the burn ember so as not to give away they position . desmond breathes deeply . shudder . smitty Hell of a dream . desmond nod . drink some water from he canteen . rub he stiff neck . smitty 's rifle be propped up within easy reach and desmond find he can not take he eye off it . smitty notice ; pick the rifle up . smitty ( cont would ) it will not bite , you know . desmond yes , it will . desmond take a breath . desmond ( cont would ) my dad be a drunk . he fight it for year but it get ahold of he hard . make he mean . desmond pause . and smitty know he 's hearing a raw story . smitty how mean ? desmond he use to beat I and my brother just because the sun rise and about as often . I could take that . but when he laid he hand on my momma ... fade to : ext . doss house - front porch - evening bertha sit on the front step , sobbing , one hand to she bloody face . eight year old desmond huddle beside she , protectively , one arm around she shoulder . in the yard , Tom argue violently with bertha 's brother , uncle arthur . both man be drunk and angry . 3.4.13 78 . tom get you damn nose out of my business ! you hear I ? arthur touch my sister again , and see what happen . tom get outta here ! Tom swing at Arthur , catch he off -guard , but Arthur come roaring back with a flurry of punch which drive Tom stumbling backwards . Tom trip and fall . Arthur kick at he but Tom grab Arthur 's foot and bring the bigger man down . they roll over and over across the yard , punch and gouging . Tom stagger to he foot and pull a pistol out of he jacket pocket ! bertha leap up . bertha tom ! don ’t ! with no think for she own safety , bertha throw herself between the two man . desmond watch from the porch , a eight - year - old boy , freeze with fear . desmond momma ! Tom 's hand be shaking but he continue to hold the gun out in front of he - now point directly at bertha . she move towards Tom , she eye never leave he face . bertha give I that gun , tom. please . give it here , before somebody get hurt . Tom hesitates . in the distance , there be the SOUND of a approach Police sire . bertha ( cont would ) you kill he , and they 'il hang you for sure . you know they will . Tom 's courage desert he and he hand the gun over to bertha . 3.4.13 79 . bertha ( cont would ) desmond ! you take this and get rid of it somewhere . throw it in the river ! desmond run over and take the gun from bertha . bertha ( cont would ) go on , now ! hurry before the police get here ! desmond take off run . ext . plateau foxhole - return to present smitty you throw it away ? this be very hard for desmond ; he 's never tell anybody this before . ever . desmond that 's what I tell my momma . smitty what have you really do ? desmond hid it . in the wood . smitty how come ? ext . doss house - front yard - the past desmond return back to the house just as the police load he handcuff father into a police car in front of gawk neighbor . bertha be weep , hugging Tom , but he ignore she . over she shoulder , Tom can see desmond , watch he father 's public shame - and he glare maliciously at he son . desmond ( v.o. ) because I be go to need it to kill my daddy . int . doss house - hallway - day bertha stand outside the bathroom door . from inside , there be the sound of sharp blow . 3.4.13 80. bertha Tom ! please . stop it ! int . doss house - bathroom - same Inside the bathroom , Tom brutally whip desmond with he razor strop . bertha ( 0.c. ) Tom , you be gonna kill the boy ! tom ! desmond grit he tooth - he will not give he father the satisfaction of cry out - but he can not stop the tear that be run down he face . ext . the wood - day finally release , desmond run through the wood , the tear drying on he fierce face , he eye blaze . he reach a old gnarled oak Tree and fall to he knee . he dig inside a hollow in the root and extract a weathered cigar box and reach inside to pull out - he father 's gun . desmond examine the gun in the fade light . the weight of it feel good in he hand . the intricacy of the mechanism itself be appeal . and in its power to distribute justice , in its god-like power of life and death - it be a beautiful thing . int . doss house - evening desmond enter he house and move up the stair . he stop on the landing . from he parent 's room he can hear they voice . desmond push open the door to ... int . doss house - parent 's bedroom - continuous his mother sit at she vanity table , brush she hair . Tom pace back and forth behind bertha , berate she . tom doss spare the rod and spoil the child ! be not that what that church of yours preach ?! well that boy 's spoiled rotten and it 's about time -- he stop when desmond enter . 3.4.13 81 . tom what do you want ? desmond raise the gun . Tom 's eye widen in fear . the gun waver in desmond 's tremble hand . jump CUT to : ext . plateau foxhole - return to present - night smitty lean forward in disbelief . smitty you kill he ? int . doss house - parent 's bedroom - evening - the past desmond stand there point the gun at he father while he mother look on in horror . desmond ( v.o. ) I could have . God know I want to . I want to kill he for everything he ever do my momma , and my brother , and to I ! then , although it take everything desmond have , he turn around and walk away . ext . by the jame river - night desmond stare at the dark water roll past . he throw the gun into the river as far as he can . desmond ( v.o. ) but I do not . and that 's when I make a promise to God I have never touch a gun again . ext . plateau foxhole - night - return to present desmond it be not because I be more holy than the next guy . it be not because I I be any better . just the opposite . 3.4.13 82 . smitty ( quietly ) you think -- look at all the kill everywhere around we -- you really think there 's a God that give a damn about we ? desmond look at he . smitty be serious . desmond nod . smitty ( cont would ) that would really be something if it be true . would not it ? a japanese mortar round land ten yard away , scatter debris and shrapnel over both man . as other mortar shell begin to fall , a japanese hand grenade land close to they . smitty push desmond down , grab he b.a.r. and begin spraying the field in front of they . simultaneously , japanese soldier appear out of hide spider hole and trenches not only in front of , but within the american line . it 's as if they materialize out of the mud by magic . a chaotic fire - fight break out all around desmond and smitty as the terrify american soldier of company B discover that the enemy be all around they . Cross fire from both side kill indiscriminately . a japanese soldier burst out of the darkness behind smitty and bayonet he in the back . smitty scream . desmond jump up and punch the japanese soldier in the face , knock he to the ground . the japanese soldier pull out a knife and desmond launch himself on top of the man , try to wrestle the knife away . the two roll over and over across the muddy ground . desmond manage to break the other man 's grip on the knife but the soldier grab desmond by the throat and begin choke he . desmond be close to black out . he reach out desperately , try to find something , anything . his hand touch a rock and he manage a glance blow on the shoulder of the japanese soldier . it 's enough to break he hold on desmond 's throat . desmond push the soldier away and roll over on top of he . desmond raise the rock above he head in both hand , prepare to bring it down on he enemy 's skull in a crush blow . he scream as he begin to bring the rock down but be knock off course by a nearby explosion . desmond be momentarily stunne but almost immediately pick up the rock again and turn back to the japanese soldier . 3.4.13 83 . he be weep with fury and frustration . in that one brief moment , the japanese soldier roll away narrowly escape desmond 's blow , stagger to he foot and run off . desmond crawl over to smitty but he 's too late . smitty be dead . desmond be utterly distraught . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - early morning the entire area be engulf in flame and weapon fire . all over the kill field , individual fight and death be play out as the sun begin to peek over the horizon , casting a dull red glow over ground run with blood . among it all , we find Captain glover and he radio operator . glover try to assert command and save what 's leave of he rapidly collapse company . captain glover fall back ! fall back ! glover throw a smoke grenade to try and mask he troops 's withdrawal to the cliff 's edge . his man fire frantically at a enemy who seem to be everywhere , sometimes hit they own man . glover yell at he radio operator . captain glover ( cont have ) mortar on top ! everything we got ! as the Radio Operator pick up he headset , a japanese sniper bullet catch he squarely in the forehead . a second american soldier grab the headset and be also hit . glover reach for the headset and a burst of machine gun fire destroy the equipment and spray shrapnel in he face and chest . desmond grab smitty 's body by the collar of he shirt and drag he back towards the safety of the cliff , some fifty yard away . ext . hacksaw ridge - cliff edge - continuous despite the horror and chaos , that american Soldiers who make it back to the cliff try to set up a perimeter behind the berm and return fire so that the rest of they comrade can get off of hacksaw . 3.4.13 84 . as desmond approach the cliff edge , grease frantically wave he to drop down . grease get down ! down ! desmond glance over he shoulder to see three japanese soldier , bayonet fix on they rifle , racing towards he . desmond sprawl on the ground and grease fire , kill two of the japanese and wound the third soldier - who stagger past desmond and stab grease in the gut . grease drop he rifle and scream . he wrap he arm around he assailant and frantic , stagger backwards and fall ... .».. over the edge of the cliff , scream horribly all the way down . desmond drag smitty 's body to the edge of the cliff where a insane scramble of man be try to get down the cargo net , rope , and ladder . Soldiers drop or throw they weapon away . some , desperate to the point of madness , jump off the cliff . a burst of machine gun fire kill rennelli , not five foot from desmond . desmond be sweep up in the confusion and terror ; man be fall so fast he do not know where to turn . he look down the cargo net --offer he escape ... desmond glance back toward the retreate Americans . any man who can still move on he own be run or crawl back to the cliff . behind they , everywhere , there be dead , die , and wounded american soldier littering the plateau . desmond be cover in sweat , mud , and blood . shake with fear and adrenalin . escape be just a few foot away but - this be what he be here for . he take a deep , shudder breath and ... .+.. desmond head back , onto the kill field , pass Captain glover and the last of the rear guard as he do so . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - day desmond find a soldier with a suck chest wound . desmond peel away the man 's bloody uniform blouse and apply a battle dress but the strength of the panicked soldier 's desperate gasp for air threaten to pull the dress further into the wound . 3.4.13 85 . think quickly , desmond pull out he poncho and rip off a square of plastic from the tail . desmond put the plastic patch over the wound to seal it , and then finish it off with the bandage . it hold . desmond grab the soldier by the collar of he shirt and drag he back to ... ext . hacksaw ridge - cliff edge - day what remain of company B 's makeshift rear Guard be throw grenade as fast as they can out of open crate hand - carry to the top . two stretcher bearer grab desmond 's wounded soldier and start down the cargo net with he . to they surprise , desmond do not follow . stretcher bearer#1 come on ! we 've be order off ! get outta there ! desmond shake he head -- no . desmond leave I you dressing ! stretcher bearer # 1 look at stretcher bearer # 2 . the two man tear off they first aid field pack and quickly disappear over the edge . desmond grab they kit and head back on he hand and knee onto the field of fire . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - day the sun be at a low angle now , throw long shadow across the top of the plateau which be cloud with smoke and dust , create a surreal world of shadow in which it be impossible to determine friend from foe until you be almost on they . desmond manage to creep from spot to spot , relatively unseen . japanese mortar Fire still fall erratically , along with individual sniping . desmond find another soldier moan on the ground , he right arm mangle . desmond apply a tourniquet and start to drag the man back . as he pass another wound soldier , the man cry out and try to clutch he sleeve . wounded soldier #2 do not leave I ! 3.4.13 86 . desmond hesitates . then ... desmond I be comin’ back . ext . base of the ridge - day in the relative safety of the base of the cliff , glover , he face and chest still cover in blood , try to get a handle on he situation . captain glover how many we get down ?!? sgt . jone must 'a leave nearly seventy - five man up there ! glover shake he head . this be a disaster . ext . hacksaw ridge - cliff edge - day desmond drag the wounded soldier back to the lip . he look over the edge . if he climb down with each casualty it will take twice as long , he will exhaust himself quickly , and other man will die who might have be save . make a quick decision , desmond grab one of the rope hang over the cliff edge and pull it up . he double the rope and tie a bowline in it - just like he do that day in basic training -- a secure knot with two loops . desmond secure the wounded man 's leg , one into each loop , wrap the remain rope around the man 's chest twice and then , brace himself against a rock , slowly lower the man down to ... ext . base of the ridge - day ... where the two stretcher bearer be huddle on the ground in exhaustion , suck down water . to they astonishment , they glance up to see the wounded soldier be lower towards they . they spring into action , catch the wounded soldier by the leg and gently lay he down on the ground . stretcher bearer#1 stretcher ! 3.4.13 87 . the two man hurriedly unhook the wounded soldier and the rope disappear back up the cliff . two additional stretcher bearer come run up with a litter . behind they be Captain glover . captain glover what the hell be go on !?!? stretcher bearer #1 some nut up there be drag wounded off the top . stretcher bearer#2 it 's that medic -- doss . glover glance up through the smoke and the dust ... to see yet another casualty be lower down . just for a moment he glimpsis desmond 's face over the edge of the cliff . captain glover doss ?! what be you do ?! get you ass down from there ! desmond ignore he and disappear back over the edge . glover look around , try to figure out how to play this . he gesture to a second Radio Operator . captain glover ( cont have ) don't just stand there . call the mortar ! tell they to cease FIRE ! immediately ! ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - day desmond spot three wounded american soldier lie in the lee of a small group of rock which be barely keep they alive , cover as they be by overlap line of fire from multiple japanese position . desmond crawl towards the soldier , try to use a shallow depression in the terrain to get close , but a burst of fire from a japanese machine gun pin he down . desmond try to catch he breath , wipe the sweat out of he eye , and regain he courage . he move again towards the soldier , and again a burst of machine gun explode around he , even closer now , shatter the tip of the stone which barely cover he , and cut he with razor - sharp shard of shattered limestone . 3.4.13 88 . desmond be momentarily paralyze with fear . he know if he wait any longer , he will lose what little courage he have leave . he carefully reach behind and yank out he tatter poncho . desmond roll over on he back and wave he poncho over the top of the rock , draw a characteristic 6 - 8 round burst of fire from the jap machine gun . then he hear it stop -- the japanese machine gunners must stop fire and reload . as they reload , desmond jump to he foot and sprint around the side of the rock , grab one of the wounded soldier , and drag he quickly towards the cliff 's edge . int . field hospital - day a new wave of wounded soldier be suddenly be carry in by stretcher team . as the head doctor begin he examination of the first man - the soldier with the suck chest wound - he glance over at the stretcher team who bring he in . head doctor where this guy come from ? stretcher bearer #1 there 's a medic still on top . head doctor on hacksaw ? stretcher bearer#2 wo not come down . the head Doctor and he nurse look at one another in disbelief . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - day desmond crawl on he hand and knee to a new position behind a small limestone outcropping . sprawle on the ground beside he be the body of four dead japanese soldier , kill by a mortar blast . desmond be only fifteen yard away from the remain two wounded american soldier but they be still closely cover by two japanese machine gun . 3.4.13 89 . ext . hacksaw ridge - behind japanese line - same a member of one of the machine gun unit spot desmond and excitedly wave to he partner who rachet back the return on he weapon and spray desmond 's position with a quick burst . desmond hug the ground with everything he have . the bullet whistle over he head , inch away . int . cave within plateau - same simultaneously , from inside one of the japanese underground fire position hand carve out of the limestone , a japanese sniper also glimpsis desmond . he carefully slide into position , he rifle poke out of a six inch wide gun port . the magnify cross-hair of he sniper scope slide over the rock until they settle on desmond 's head . desmond duck down . the sniper take a breath . only a matter of time before desmond raise he head again . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - same desmond , still focus on the machine gun position ( and oblivious to the sniper now stalking he ) rack he brain , try to think of a way to get to the two wounded man . he glance at one of the dead japanese soldier beside he and a idea form . desmond take off he helmet and rip off the tape hide the Red Cross symbol . he strap he helmet on the dead japanese soldier and then very carefully push the dead man forward so that he head and trunk appear above the rock outcropping . a single shot ring out - the sniper strike desmond 's helmet dead center . desmond have not expect that - the sniper - but he have the presence of mind to fling the dead soldier out from behind the rock , to the side away from he american wounded . both jap machine gun emplacement rake the corpse . simultaneously , desmond roll out the other side , rise to he foot and sprint like crazy while the machine gun team reload . desmond swoops down , grab the second american soldier by the collar , and drag he off . 3.4.13 90 . int . cave within plateau - same the sniper realize he 's be trick but by the time he can put another round into the chamber and get he sight on desmond , the american have disappear . the sniper curse a blue streak in japanese , and then move to find a better vantage point . the sniper half run , half crawl , through a series of tunnel until he reach ... int . another gun port - cave within plateau - continuous a dead japanese soldier lie slump against the port . the sniper shove he to the floor and take he place , rifle at the ready ... ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - same desmond move as fast as he can , darting from rock to rock , drag he wounded soldier behind he . he 's only ten yard away from the edge of the cliff . int . gun port - cave within plateau - same the sniper smile as desmond come right into he sight . he slowly squeeze the trigger and - the gun jam ! furious , he work the rifle bolt to eject the offend shell but when he peek again through the hole ... desmond be go again . ext . base of the ridge - company B camp - same what 's leave of company B have fall back to a position of relative safety behind the Command Post . the man be ina state of shock . some , like tex and Hollywood , just sit and stare into space , light cigarettes dangle uselessly from they tremble finger . other weep shamelessly . Chief run up and crouch down beside tex and Hollywood . chief drucker ( quietly ) desmond be still up there . tex doss ? hollwood 's ear perk up . hollywood wait . on hacksaw ? 3.4.13 91 . Chief nod . the three man look at one another . they rise stiffly to they foot and head back towards hacksaw Ridge . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - day desmond have return to get the third soldier . he 's deliberately approach he from yet another direction but even from here , the wounded man be still well cover by the two japanese machine gun emplacement . desmond inch he way through a field of american and japanese corpse when one of the japanese dead moan . desmond stop and glance over at the japanese soldier . the man have be shot in the shoulder but he 's not bleed badly . Left alone , he will surely die but if bandage , he might survive . desmond hesitates - then begin to crawl away towards he intend goal , the wounded american . the japanese soldier moan again . desmond stop . he can not let he die . desmond move back alongside the japanese soldier and begin to dress he shoulder wound . int . tunnel - same the japanese sniper move from one shoot port to the next , search for desmond . he stop . smile . he put he gun up to the port and wipe the sweat off he face and then screw he eye to the sniper scope . Pov sniper scope the cross-hair move across the landscape ... and find desmond . the cross-hair start up toward desmond 's forehead , but something he glimpse confuse the sniper ; he move the crosshair down to the wounded soldier desmond be tend and he japanese insignia come into clear focus . the sniper recoil in astonishment . for a moment , he be bewilder . he put he eye back to the scope . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - same desmond wipe the japanese soldier 's bullet wound with alcohol and sprinkle sulfa powder over it ; he know he 's expose here and he 's work as quickly as he can . every second could be he last . 3.4.13 92 . int . tunnel - same the sniper lift he eye from the scope again ; what desmond be do have cause he to scan across the whole field of rupture body , both japanese and american . but he 's a soldier , and whisper to himself -- sniper ( in japanese ) what be you wait for ?! he take a breath , lower he eye to he scope , and take careful aim . series of shot : -- he line the cross-hair up on desmond 's head . -- Close on sniper 's finger curling slowly around the trigger . -- Close on sniper 's mouth as he gently exhales -- he squeeze the trigger . -- through the scope , he see desmond taping the final bandage in place when a mortar shell land between desmond and the sniper ! the debris shatter the sniper 's scope and blind he . he stagger back from the port , blood pour down he face . another mortar shell land even closer and the tunnel shake . the sniper turn to run and a third mortar shell fall directly on he position and as he scream , the tunnel disintegrate around he , bury he alive . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau - same desmond be oblivious to the fate of the sniper as mortar shell be now fall thick and fast all over the plateau . know that any japanese in the area be as much at risk from this random round as he be , desmond make a calculate decision to go for it . he rise to he foot and sprint to the third wounded american . desmond reach he and pull he up to he foot , drape the man 's leave arm around he own neck , and begin to stagger / run towards the ridge . 3.4.13 93 . ext . cliff edge - day desmond have roped up the third man and just lower he down to safety . desmond crouch there on he hand and knee , shaking with exhaustion . behind he , in the distance , he hear another american voice call for help . desmond close he eye . desmond ( quietly ) just one more . please . montage a series of shot as the sun move overhead across the sky , and desmond move across the plateau , save one life at a time , drag / carry each soldier to the edge of the cliff , roping he up and lowering he down to safety . desmond ( v.o. ) let I get one more ... fade to : ext . base of the ridge - twilight glover , Hollywood , Chief , tex and dozen of soldier from other company watch silently as desmond lower one last man down from hacksaw Ridge ... but this one be already dead ... we see this last man 's face ... it 's smitty . as the body slowly descend , we realize desmond 's last act be to retrieve smitty 's body . and with that , desmond finally leave hacksaw Ridge . slowly , painfully , he climb down the rope alone . when desmond reach the bottom , he fight not to collapse into the arm of the man wait at the base of the cliff . his uniform be completely soak with blood and mud , and fly swarm around he but he 's too tired to bat they away with he tear and bleed hand . the man stare at he like he 's a ghost as desmond glance down at he uniform , strain to move he head to look up again . Captain glover be one of they . captain glover be he wounded ? 3.4.13 94 , tex he 's not shot . desmond ( barely audible ) sorry . captain glover for what ? desmond I think ... captain glover they be all down , desmond . you get ’em all . ( to the other ) go he to the aid station . int . aid station - twilight everyone have hear about desmond 's heroic . the surgeon , stretcher team , and nurse all watch silently as desmond change he bloody uniform for a replacement uniform - a wash and bleach uniform of a dead soldier . carefully , he remove he pocket Bible , take a moment to try and wipe off the blood that stain its front cover . something on the blouse he 's about to put on catch he eye . the lettering be fade but it look like ... " schecter . " '' for just a moment , everything swim in front of he eye . ext . desmond 's foxhole , below the ridge - night raining . along with the usual sporadic japanese mortar fire . desmond sit - alone - in the dugout he once share with smitty . tex scurries up out of the dark . he put a can of k - ration down in front of desmond . desmond what 's this ? josh '' tex '' royal ( quietly ) peaches . never like ’em all that much . tex leave . a moment later , Hollywood come over and set down another rare can of non- meat k ration . 3.4.13 95 . hollywood here . I be full . from all over , company B survivor come up to desmond , one by one , and silently lay can of non - meat food in front of he and then disappear into the dark . desmond stare at the pile of food . fade to : int . company command post - same it be a very subdued meeting of a much reduce leadership team . the man be exhaust ; completely wear out mentally and physically . captain glover ( barely audible ) okay . ( louder ) okay . Word be ... word from hq be , we gotta go back up on hacksaw tomorrow . and we gotta take it , this time . the man be silent , close to mutiny . in the rear , someone groan . captain glover ( cont have ) I know , I know . look , they know what we be up against and they have promise we a full company of reinforcement , and a massive bombardment precede the assault , include naval gun and aircraft . the heart of they defensive line be that cave towards the rear of the escarpment . we get to that , take out that cave , and hacksaw be ours . the man look at one another , reach some unspoken agreement , and then stare back to sergeant Jones . sgt . jone Sir ? the only way company B go back up on that Ridge tomorrow be if desmond doss go with we . captain glover ( confuse ) any reason to think he will not ? 3.4.13 96 . sgt . jone well - it 's Saturday . ext . okinawan tomb - dawn desmond sit behind the shelter of a stone okinawan tomb , read he Bible when to he surprise Captain glover appear . glover squat down beside desmond ; look out over the countryside as the first sliver of sunlight illuminate the landscape . captain glover sometimes , if I squint a little bit , this countryside remind I a little bit of South Carolina . a South Carolina that 's be bomb and blow to a jillion little muddy piece but still ... desmond nod . desmond you catch a whiff of pine sometimes , almost make I homesick . captain glover we be gonna have to go back up on hacksaw tomorrow . and tomorrow be you sabbath . ( beat ) most of the man do not believe in the same way you do . but they believe so much ... in how much you believe ... that they will not go up that Ridge unless you be with they , completely . desmond look back at the Captain , not sure he understand what glover be ask . captain glover ( cont have ) it 's not they sabbath , it 's yours . and they figure that for this assault to be square with God , it 's gotta be square with you . desmond put down he Bible and study glover . desmond Sir , if you could give I ... just a few minute . 3.4.13 97 . ext . hacksaw ridge - day explosion after explosion tear into the Ridge from a variety of american gun : mortar , howitzer , off -shore Naval battery and Army rocket . Marine f4u corsair bomb and strafe the rugge terrain . occasionally , a secondary explosion indicate some lucky round have find its mark - a ammunition or fuel dump . titles : hacksaw Ridge . third assault . smoke , dust , and debris rise into the air in a dark cloud light with flame as if the Ridge be a erupting volcano . ext . assembly point beneath the cliff - same the man of company B - resign veteran and nervous replacement - wait in they pre-assault position . but they focus be not on the Ridge . they be all look backwards , toward the rear of the line . int . company command post - same glover smoke a last cigarette while he get a earful from hq over the company field telephone . intercut as necessary -- int . first battalion hq - lo. cooney 's office - day lt . colonel cooney ( on phone ) what the hell be you delay , Captain ?! you be suppose to begin that assault ten minute ago ! the entire 307th infantry and the whole 7th fleet be cool its heel for you ! captain glover we be wait , sir . lt . colonel cooney wait for what ?! Captain glover glance towards the rear of the line where in the distance , a long figure kneel . captain glover we be wait for private doss to finish praying . 3.4.13 98 . ext . assembly point beneath the cliff - same on he knee , dorothy 's Bible in he hand . the strain and horror of the last ten day be etched in he face . haltingly , desmond try to work this out with he God . desmond ( quietly ) I have do my best to ... to be faithful to you , and the promise I make . I gotta ... break one of that promise now and I be ask you forgiveness . it may be a wrong thing but I can not let my man go up there alone . and if that be a sin then I take it on my heart , alone . amen . Chief nudge Hollywood and point to where desmond doss be walk towards they . int . company B command post - same Captain glover see desmond come , rejoining the line . captain glover ( into field telephone ) company B be ready to go , sir . ext . assembly point beneath the cliff - moment later above they , the bombardment suddenly stop . the silence be deafen . every man leave in company B - include desmond -— be ready . on they face , each and every one , be a fierce look of quiet determination . Captain glover look to desmond . desmond nod . desmond ( quietly ) let 's go . glover lead he man climb up the cargo net . desmond follow behind . below the lip of the plateau glover and he group leader hang for a moment on the cargo net as they pull grenade out of they pocket . they yank the pin and lob the grenade over they head onto the plateau . 3.4.13 99 . as soon as the grenade begin explode , glover and the man be climb as fast as they can . ext . hacksaw ridge - plateau lip - continuous glover lead he man in a wild charge up and over the edge of the cliff and onto .... ext . hacksaw ridge - the plateau - continuous the man of company B quickly sweep past the stunne japanese position and overwhelm the few defender unlucky enough to be catch above ground . the Americans push on towards the southern edge of the plateau and ... the big cave open the assault team move with grim efficiency . riflemen throw smoke grenade , shield they work from the japanese mortar squad on the southern hill . bar squad keep the defender pin down within the cave complex entrance ... explosive team inch forward under fire to throw they satchel charge inside . as soon as the explosion erupt , glover send in the flame - thrower team who douse the open with long searing plume of fire . follow they , Chief , tex , and Hollywood run up with open jerry can of gasoline , one after another , which they throw into the mouth of the cave and the shaft below . glover edge close to the entrance and throw in two phosphorus grenade ignite a enormous explosion that can only mean that somewhere inside , a major ammo dump have catch fire . suddenly , the entire ridge shake like a earthquake . smoke billow out , not just through the cave entrance but through dozen and dozen of different sniper hole and cunningly hide assault entrance scattered all over . tasting blood , company B sweep past the Big cave entrance scream with battle lust and move down ... 3.4.13 100 . the reverse slope a tide of lethal efficiency sweeping everything before it . hacksaw Ridge be finally fall . ext . the reverse slope - later that afternoon desmond follow tex , Chief , and Hollywood as they continue to secure the southern flank of the Ridge . suddenly , to they leave , a japanese soldier rise from he spider hole , pistol in one hand and grenade in the other . he empty he pistol wildly but all three man get round off in reply , drop the japanese soldier to he knee with shot to the chest and head but ... ...- as he collapse , he throw the hand grenade . the hand grenade come arcing towards the Americans . desmond push he fellow soldier out of the way but there 's no escape for himself . the grenade land directly in front of desmond . he throw himself backwards and simultaneously try to kick the grenade away ... the grenade explode with a shower of dirt , rock , and blood ! desmond scream with pain . he look down at he leg - it 's rag and cover with blood . desmond roll over onto he back . hollywood they got desmond ! Bright arterial blood be beginning to spurt from desmond 's tear femoral artery . Chief squat down beside he and place both he big hand on the wound and press down hard . simultaneously , tex be pull battlefield dressing out of desmond 's kit with shaky hand and hand they to Chief . chief drucker medic ! Captain glover come run up and when he see who the wounded man be , he face blanch . captain glover keep pressure on ! tex he’s dying ! 3.4.13 101 . captain glover the hell he be ! we gotta get he back ! the man gather around and pick up desmond . [ the same scene from the beginning of the film ] the man half run , half stumble across the still smoking battlefield , desmond cradle in they arm , until they reach the ... ext . hacksaw ridge - cliff edge - continuous the man do not hesitate . carry they wounded friend , they scramble down the net and jury -rigged ladder , they constant attention only on desmond ... ext . base of the ridge - continuous glover direct the man to carry desmond to a wait field ambulance . the two medic there hastily load desmond into the truck and begin prepping he for a iv . glover lean over desmond ; tex , Chief and Hollywood press close , anxiously . desmond look like hell . the color be completely drain out of he face and he 's beginning to shake . glover hold he hand . one of the medics inject desmond with morphine . captain glover ( quietly ) you be go home , desmond . see that pretty bride of yours . desmond try to talk . can not. choke . shakily he pat he shirt pocket . captain glover ( cont have ) what ? desmond ( almost inaudible ) .-+- my bible . captain glover you can get another copy when you get home . hear it 's a popular book . desmond try to speak and cough again , a violent shudder cough , and a bright clot of blood appear in the corner of he mouth . glover glance over at one of the medics ... 3.4.13 102 . ... the medic shake he head ; this guy be not go to make it . glover clutches desmond 's hand one more time . captain glover ( cont have ) hang in there , desmond . glover step away as the ambulance drive off . exhausted , glover squat on the ground to steady himself . around he , tex , Chief , Hollywood , and the other collapse into the mud . glover shake he head ; wipe the sweat and the mud out of he eye ; some decision slowly work its way out . he rise stiffly but with great determination , and begin re-arming himself from the stack of supplies and ammunition at the base of the cliff . as it dawns on the man what glover intend to do , tex , Chief , and Hollywood also rise and begin to arm themselves as well . glover glance at they . captain glover ( cont have ) ( quietly ) you do not have to ... every jap still up there will die before he surrender . the man nod . they all turn and look back up at the cliff . the plateau above be light up again by artillery and mortar fire . then , unbelievably , they begin to climb back up hacksaw Ridge . fade to : int . army field hospital - night desmond wake . he try to sit up but discover he right arm and leave leg be in a cast and the entire right side of he body be cover with bandage . the pain and medication leave he feel woozy and disorient . he look around . Pov desmond - distorted a man in unbelievably filthy fatigue be stand beside the bed , look at he . desmond manage to get he eye to focus and the man gradually swim into view - Captain glover . 3.4.13 103 . captain glover doctor say you have enough shrapnel in you to build you own short wave radio . but you be gonna be alright . desmond manage a smile . captain glover ( cont have ) just so you know , I put you up for a sack of medal for what you do up on hacksaw , so if some General with a chest - full of fruit salad come through and pin one on you , you can blame I . glover pause and a smile creep onto he face . captain glover ( cont have ) also , I have something of yours . glover reach into he jacket and retrieve desmond 's beat - — up , water stain pocket bible . captain glover ( cont have ) when the man hear you be miss this , they all volunteer to go look for it . kind of beat up but - they want you to know , they be think of you . desmond take the Bible and run he hand over it . as glover turn and walk away , desmond notice a soldier ( the soldier desmond save ) sit up in bed smile with two stump where he leg use to be . desmond smile back as the soldier lift he water glass and salute desmond . CUT to : int . department of defense car - evening desmond , in he dress uniform , ride along a two - lane road , lose in think . ext . doss front yard - evening Tom doss stand out in the yard , clutching a liquor bottle , conflict . he bring the bottle up but instead of drink from it , he toss it as hard as he can . 3.4.13 104 . Tom start to turn away but then reconsider . he walk toward where he throw the bottle , and as he reach down to pick it up , he notice the rock with desmond 's note . he pick up the bottle and then the rock . as he stand read the note , he eye tear up . he turn the bottle upside down and pour it out . ext . dorothy 's house - night a department of defense car pull up to dorothy 's house , the brake squealing as it do . fear freeze dorothy immediately -- but it 's desmond she see limping out of the car . she run to he and throw she arm around he . we see they both slowly kiss as the screen fade to black . dissolve to : epilogue : historic photo of desmond and president harry truman a beam Harry Truman hang the Medal of honor around desmond 's neck . title ( in separate card ) : desmond doss be present the Medal of honor - the first conscientious objector to win America 's high award for courage under fire . of he own heroic , he remain characteristically modest , give all the credit to he faith and say simply , '' the real heroes be bury over there . '' he pass away at the age of 87 in March , 2006 and be bury in Arlington Cemetery . fade to black . the end .