hacker written by rafael moreu seattle 1988 ext . front yard . day . slow motion . armed troops in black uniform pour out of unmark van and swarm across a lawn in a middle class residential neighborhood . yuppie neighbour look on in shock , confuse . two of the troops carry a batter ram to the front door of a white two -storey house . a leash rottweiler snarl and bark . in position , they comrade point m - 16 into first - floor window , ready to be ambush . Pan into a window in the kitchen . a attractive woman in she thirty be make breakfast . now , in regular motion , the batter ram break open the front door . the woman , startle , drop she spatula . int . murphy residence . day . woman ( scream ) oough ! ahhh ! secret service agent ( to other ) upstair . troops pour into the house . woman what 's go on ? what 's the matter ? who be you ? the troops , and one or two trenchcoate agent , continue enter the house and head upstairs , still with rifle ready . woman hey ! upstair , crowded in the narrow hallway , the troops descend on a bedroom . woman ( off camera ) dade ! dade ! agent knock it down . the batter ram knock down a bedroom door . int . courtroom . the prosecutor , a woman of about forty , give she close argument blandly . she would rather be somewhere else . prosecutor the defendant , dade Murphy , who call himself " Zero cool " , have repeatedly commit criminal act of a malicious nature . this defendant possess a superior intelligence , which he use to a destructive and antisocial end . his computer virus crash one thousand five hundred and seven computer system , include Wall Street trading system , single handedly cause a seven point drop in the New York stock market . as she speak , the camera pan across the court , pan down and stop on the defendant : eleven year old dade Murphy . fast forward to the sentencing . judge dade Murphy , I hereby fine you family forty - five thousand dollar ... the court gasp , dade 's father wince judge ... and sentence you to probation , under which you be forbidden to own or operate a computer or touch tone telephone , until the day of you eighteenth birthday . now dade wince , in fact we almost expect he to cry . open credit roll to a backdrop of dade and he family and lawyer fight through a gaggle of journalist and photographer , in slow motion , and drive away . seven year later . aboard a jetliner , dade Murphy be stare blankly out the window , wear headphone . exterior view from the aircraft of approach New York City . the view become a direct overhead of the building and street of the city , which then metamorphoses ( through animation ) into chip and digital signal on a stylise computer board . the title logo . int . dade' room . segue to dade Murphy , now 18 , wear mirrorshade indoors and at night , work on he new computer . his mother call he . mrs . murphy ( off camera ) dade ? dade yeah , mom ? mrs . murphy what be you do ? dade ( after a semi-pregnant pause ) I be take over a tv network . mrs . murphy finish up , honey , and get to sleep . and happy birthday . int . otv studio . in the otv studios security department , a phone ring , a man answer nervously . norm Security , uh norm , norm speak . dade norman ? this be Mr. Eddie vedder , from account . I just have a power surge here at home that wipe out a file I be work on . listen , I be in big trouble , do you know anything about computer ? norm uhhmmm ... uh gee , uh ... dade right , well my blt drive on my computer just go awol , and I have get this big project due tomorrow for Mr. kawasaki , and if I do not get it in , he 's gonna ask I to commit hari kari ... norm uhhh .. ahahaha ... dade yeah , well , you know this japanese management technique . ( pause ) could you , uh , read I the number on the modem ? norm uhhhmm ... dade it 's a little boxy thing , norm , with switch on it ... let my computer talk to the one there ... norm 212-555-4240 . dade go to work on otv . he close he eye and a flurry of half - second video clip from old tv show flash by . he open he eye . his screen say entering arp 331 and then wipe to another screen . automate record playback system . there be a graphic representation of the station 's automatic videotape changer . dade turn on he tv set and turn to otv . it be run a rush - limbaugh type tv show . commentator ( on tv ) ... so - call american Indians , latino and black come from a genetically mediocre stock ... dade yak yak yak . get a job ! dade press a key on he keyboard . the video changer diagram light up in red . at the station , a robotic arm select a videotape from a huge rack of thousand of tape . the " America first " tape slide out of the vtr and be replace by a episode of " the Outer limit " as dade watch , drink Coke and smile , full of himself . tv you be about to experience the awe and mystery , which reach from the inner mind , to ... the Outer limit . dade yesssss ! suddenly , the arp screen be replace by a ominous message : U have tread upon my domain &amp ; must now suffer who R U ? dade hey ! what ? he start to type zero ... dade no , wait . dade type : crash override . who want to know ? dade 's screen dissolves into : acid burn dade unbelievable . a hacker ! then the screen change again : acid burn sez leave B 4 U R expunged " the Outer limit " suddenly flash off . dade yeah , okay " acid burn " , that 's enough . dade start hack . apparently so do acid burn . the tape changer machine at otv be swamp , sometimes fight over the same tape . the program on tv keep change . the message come up on dade 's computer screen : I will swat U like the fly U R more dueling tape changer , more half second video clip . another message . I will SNAP you back like a toothpick as the duel continue , dade type back a taunt of he own : mess with the best die like the rest one last from acid burn : you be terminated then he own computer confirm for he that the connection be terminate . dade shit on I ! next morning . Mrs. Murphy be unpack . dade emerge from he room in a housecoat . he make a beeline ( dodging move box ) for the fridge . mrs . murphy good morning . you unpack you stuff yet ? dade mm-hmm . mrs . murphy up all night again , huh ? dade can this wait until both my eye be open , please ? dade 's mom pick up the phone , mock a call to the building superintendent . mrs . murphy can I cut the electricity to he room so he will sleep normal hour ? he 's be play with he computer all night for a solid week . ( pause ) well yes , he could be play with himself . mmm hmm . yes I will ask . dade , you like girl , do not you ? dade well , yeah , I just have not find one as charming as you yet . mrs . murphy you have not be do anything stupid , right , dade ? ( louder ) right , dade ?! dade right , mom . and I be still a virgin ! dade slam the bathroom door . Mrs. Murphy quickly check he room . dade be shower . mrs . murphy ( angry , through the bathroom door ) you hook it up to the phone , do not you ? dade ! turn the shower off ! you screw up again and you will not get into college ! she pause and regains some of she cool . mrs . murphy I be sorry we have to move in you senior year . I do not want to sell the house but I have to take this new job , you know that . you be go to love New York , it 's the city that never sleep ! ext . new york CITY . we enjoy several view of New York , the morning sun shine between skyscraper , neon sign that stay light day and night . dade emerge from the ground - floor apartment on rollerblade and skate down the street to school . int . high school . at school , hundred of teenager converse , move around , head to class . dade look lose among they . he walk up to a skinny latino kid in a faux leopard - skin muscle shirt . the kid be on a pay -phone , speak in Spanish . dade Excuse I . kid yo , chill man , I be talk to Venezuela . dade yeah , I be sorry , I be just look for the principal 's office . kid sorry , I can not help you , okay ? now dade really look lose . he head off in search of the office . int . office . dade be fill out a form . girl do you have you transfer form ? dade stare at she , stunne . the girl have a decidedly unconventional appearance , yet be a first - rate beauty . girl it 's a relatively straightforward question . dade notice she lip , and in he imagination launch into a flurry of half - second video clip and art bite , all involve lip and kissing . girl do you speak English ? dade sorry , you want ...? girl I want transfer form . he give they to she . girl thank you . she start leave . he do not . girl be you come ? dade clue in , get up and follow she . she take he on a brief tour . int . high school corridor . girl the gym be through there , and the cafeteria be through there . dade great . cool. ( pause ) what 's you name ? girl kate . kate Libby . they arrive at a classroom . kate here 's you class . dade my ... class . you mean I be not in you class ? kate no , you be not in my class . kate start away . dade give I time ! a guy in the hall notice dade . guy hey , you new ? dade yeah . guy tell he about the pool , kate . dade Pool ? kate yeah , there 's a Olympic size swim pool up on the roof . take the stair over there . dade yeah ! sure . kate start away again . dade thanks ! ext . school rooftop . dade enter , and let the door slam behind he . across the roof , a dozen or so geeky look kid be look over the edge , apparently try to get someone 's attention . one of they notice dade . geek hey ! hold the door ! he 's too late . the geek look pretty angry . there be no pool . dade ( realize he 's be have ) no pool . dade try the door but it 's lock . he hammer it with he palm , furious . above , thunder roar and it begin raining . int . school corridor . dade be soaking wet , and trudge among he classmate leave a muddy trail . a three - second video clip roll through he mind : it be a scream woman be strangle in a old movie . he walk past kate , who giggle . kate oh my God ! he find the pool . int . school computer lab . the kid be all seat at computer workstation . dade be hack , the latino kid who be on the phone to Venezuela be run a demo involve dirty - dance skeleton . teacher I be Mr. Simpson . and I be subbing for Ms. bayliss who be arrest at the anti-fur rally . I know some of you kid get computer at home . but this be school property , people , and I do not want to see any gum stick to them . chapter 1 . design graphical interface ... meanwhile , the latino kid notice that dade have be look up kate Libby 's school record . and hack himself into she advanced English class . ext . school quad . it 's after school , kid be head home , dade too . the latino kid notice dade and catch up with he . kid so , um , what 's you interest in kate Libby , eh? academic ? purely sexual ? dade homicidal ? kid what 's up , man ? I be the phreak ! the name ring no bell with dade . phreak the phantom phreak ? the king of nynex ? I know you play the game . another kid , young and a little geeky look , run up to dade and the phantom phreak . joey phreakphreakphreakphreakphreak , dudedudedudedudedudedude ... I gotta ... phreak ( slap joey ) joey , joey ... joey what ? whatwhatwhat ? phreak one more " dude " out of you and I be gonna slap the shit outa you , okay ? now I be try to save you from yourself but you gotta stop let you mama dress you , man ! ( to dade ) : check it ... phreak start to hand dade a flyer . joey ( interrupt ) I need a handle , man . I do not have a identity until I have a handle . phreak you know , you be right about that . ( to dade ) check it , Friday . phreak hand dade a flyer for cyberdelia . joey alright . how about the master of disaster , huh ? phreak you be hopeless , man , utterly hopeless . phreak walk away . joey ultra laser. ( desperate ) Doctor doom ! ext . new york CITY STREET village . night . dade roll in on rollerblade . Street vendor hawk computer part and bootleg software . a bootleg music vendor catch dade 's attention . cereal check this out , each and every one of you . compilation tape , of my own make . I call this the " greatest zook album " . feature artist like , well I get some hendrix on there , some joplin , mama Cass , belushi ... all great artist that asphyxiate on they own vomit ! the small crowd around he finally get the joke . cereal can not get this in store , man , I make it ! dade wheel into cyberdelia , which just happen to be equip with a ramp down to its main floor for the benefit of skater . the place pound with loud , bassy techno music and coloured light . video monitor with psychedelic pattern complete the atmopshere . there be a video game with a huge screen . phreak be at a pay phone . operator ( on phone ) please deposit five dollar for the first minute . phreak hold a small box up to the receiver , press a button , and the box emit a series of tone . operator thank you . phreak nonono , thank you ! dade check out the scene . kate be play the big video game . dade skate up to she . she lose she last man . she 's get the high score , in fact she name dominate the top - 10 list . dade that 's a nice score for a girl . kate ( irritate by dade 's presence ) think you can do better ? dade I will give it a shot . kate yield the control to dade , who begin play . kate 's boyfriend look on from a mezzanine several foot above . curtis be this kid bother you , kate ? dade sorry , can I get some room here ? curtis yeah . ( to kate ) why do not you come up here ? kate oblige and join curtis . dade continue play . he play brilliantly . the game be a flashy 3 - D high -speed chase game with lot of surprise . dade lose , but he high score be about to come up . curtis he 's good ! dade 's score come up . he 's in the # 1 position . phreak be amaze . dade ( to kate ) well , it look like I be on top . kate , defeat , leave . curtis follow . phreak congratulation . no one 's ever beat she before . you just make a enemy for life . ( to someone else ) Boy meet world . let 's go ? ext . outside cyberdelia . night . kate and curtis be suck face , oblivious to the busy world around they . dade and phreak watch , more than a little disgust . dade who 's that ? phreak curtis . dade and what 's he do ? phreak that 's it , you be look at it , he just look slick all day . kate and curtis start to take off on curtis ' motorcycle . kate and dade make eye contact briefly . the motorcycle speed off into the night . int . dade' room . the clock say it 's 4:16 . as the camera pan up to dade , it change to 4:17 . dade be hack again . it 's the school 's administration system . dade schedule a test of the school sprinkler system for 9:30 be . int . high school corridir . dade stand alone in the hall , watch the time closely . phreak round a corner and meet dade . phreak what 's up ? dade do not answer . he watch the time a couple of more second , then open a umbrella . immediately the fire sprinkler turn on . phreak start get drench . he realize what be happen . phreak ( amused and highly impressed ) oh my god. you ... a bell ring and student pour out into the hall by the hundred . they be all be shower on . a tall cheerleader bounce by phreak , push she pom-pom in he face . phreak Way cool ! ( to dade ) you see that ? dade nod in the affirmative . kate walk up to dade , also understanding what have happen . kate what the hell be go on ? dade Pool on the roof must have a leak . kate give dade a look that could kill and skulk away . dade walk away under he umbrella , smug and dry . phreak man , oh man , this be gonna be good . int . high school classroom . dade , kate , and a couple of other student be write on the chalkboard . kate finish first . kate if God give man brain bigger than dog ' , they would not hump women ' leg at cocktail party . the class giggle . kate Ruth Libby . teacher I be not so sure you mother qualify as a significant author of the twentieth century . kate her last book sell two million copy . CLASS ( almost in unison ) woooooo ! the teacher read dade 's quotation . teacher " angel -headed hipster burn for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of the night . " dade that 's ginsburg . teacher Nice . very nice . kate he 's not in this class . dade I say give I time . kate he 's not enrol in this class . teacher well , he 's on my list . kate leap across a desk and snatch the list from the teacher . dade be on it . she give dade another filthy look , both dade and the teacher just shrug . the teacher move on to cereal . teacher " of all the thing I have lose , I miss my mind the most ? " cereal ozzy osbourne ! teacher you . what be you name ? the teacher grab the list back from kate . cereal uh , emmanuel goldstein , sir ? teacher you , however , be not on my list . cereal ( in mock shock ) whoa , this be not wood shop class ? the class crack up . kate and dade exchange look as the teacher escort cereal to the door . int . dade' place . mrs . murphy how be school ? dade ( eat ) hmmm . mrs . murphy what do we learn in school today ? dade revenge . mrs . murphy aaaah . do we meet someone special ? dade no . no one special . mrs . murphy okay , I gotta get back to work . I be gonna be home late . and would you try and please fill this out ? she indicate a pile of college application . mrs . murphy oh do not worry , it 's only the rest of you life . she start to the door . dade right . anything else , you want I to mow the lawn ? oops , forget . New York . no grass . mrs . murphy and unpack . she leave . dade look over the college application for a second , and push they away . he would rather not do this now . int . cyberdelia . dade , phreak and joey be sit at a table . joey be give a dull account of he hack adventure . enter cereal . cereal fyi , alright man , you can sit at home , and do like absolutely nothing and ... cereal pause , notice dade , whom he have never meet formally but see around , and then continue . cereal ... and you name go through like seventeen computer a day . 1984 , yeah right man , that 's a typo . Orwell 's here and now , he 's live large . we have no name , man , no name . we be nameless . can I score a fry ? thanks . phreak meet cereal killer . as in froot loops ? but he do know thing . dade and cereal acknowledge each other . joey anyway , guy , guy , listen , listen to I . I be in this computer right ? so I be look around ... phreak ( to cereal ) d' you bring that Crayola book ? cereal oh yeah , technicolor rainbow . cereal bring a book out of he bag . cereal Green one . joey what be that , what be that ? lemmie see . what be this ? dade International unix environment . cereal pull out another book . cereal luscious orange ? cereal hand the orange book to phreak . dade Computer security criterion , dod standard . another book come out . dade the pink shirt Book , guide to IBM pcs . so call due to the nasty pink shirt the guy wear on the cover . another one . cereal what 's that ? dade Devil book . the unix Bible . another one . cereal what 's that ? dade Dragon book . compiler design . cereal bring out a large red book . cereal oh yeah ? what 's that ? dade the Red book. NSA trusted network . otherwise know as the Ugly Red Book that will not fit on a shelf . by now phreak have make a pile of the book , and the Red Book look wholly out of place on the top of the pile . joey anyway , anyway , guy guy guy , come on . I be in this computer , right . so I be look around , look around , you know , throw command at it , I do not know where it be or what it do or anything . it 's like , it 's like choice , it 's just beautiful , okay . like four hour I be just mess around in there . finally I figure out , that it 's a bank . right , okay wait , okay , so it 's a bank . so , this morning , I look in the paper , some cash machine in like bumsville Idaho , spit out seven hundred dollar into the middle of the street . cereal that 's kinda cool . joey that be I . that be I . I do that . dade you do this from you house . joey take a drag from he cigarette and just nod , with a big grin on he face . phreak what be you , stone or stupid ? you do not hack a bank across state line from you house , you will get nail by the FBI . where be you brain , in you ass ? do not you know anything ? cereal stupid , man . it 's universally stupid . joey you guy always think I should know everything , and you never tell I anything . be I right ? phreak alright , what be the three most commonly use password ? joey Love , secret , and uh , sex . but not in that order , necessarily , right ? cereal yeah but do not forget god. system operator love to use God . it 's that whole male ego thing . phreak look , you wanna be elite ? you gotta do a righteous hack . none of this accidental shit . cereal oh yeah , you want a seriously righteous hack , you score one of that gibson man . you know , supercomputer they use to like , do physics , and look for oil and stuff ? phreak ai not no way , man , security 's too tight . the big iron ? dade maybe . but , if I be gonna hack some heavy metal , I would , uh , work my way back through some low security , and try the back door . cereal yeah but oh man , ( start rub one of he own nipple in mock sexual excitement ) would not you just love to get one of that gibson , baby ? ooooh ! phreak yo , who eat all of my fries ? cereal pause a second . cereal ( pretend to be enraged ) joey ?! joey what , no , nonononono , I do not touch you fries . I do not touch you fries . phreak cereal , man , you owe I a pack . cereal it be he , man ! phreak you be psyched . you need to lay off of that shit . cereal ( to joey ) I be gonna hit you ! int . joey' room . night . joey be hack . a Gibson . he get in . use GOD as a password . Nice graphic represent the machine 's vast system . joey yes ! Home run , home run . you and I Lucy . we be gonna show they baby . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . a system operator at ellingson mineral Corporation , a large oil company , notice the intrusion . he get on the phone . int . plague' loft . the place be a mess , typical of the hacker bachelor pad . empty chinese food box and jolt cola can litter the place . Plague 's phone be ringing , waking he . hal ( on phone ) Mr. belford ? plague ( sleepily ) my name be the Plague . hal uh , Mr. the Plague , uh , something weird 's happen on the net . plague as in what , you hapless techno-weenie ? hal uh , the accounting subdirectory in the Gibson be work really hard . we get one person online , the workload be enough for like ten user . I think we have get a hacker . int . joey' room . joey okay , okay , we need proof that we be here . right , uh ... joey start look for something to download as proof he be there . joey yeah , garbage , okay , give I garbage . he select a garbage file and start the download . his screen become a psychedelic mind trip . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . the Plague glide in on a skateboard . short and thin , bearded , about 35 but still try to be a teenage anarchist , yet not consciously realize he sell out that ideal year ago . plague never fear . I be here . hal I have narrow the activity to terminal 23 . plague let 's echo 23 , see what 's up . the huge monitor light up with the display of the Gibson 's resource . hal and the Plague watch . Plague start " surfing " around . plague " God " would not be up this late . he see what joey be downloading . a file call " garbage " . plague shit ! get I the switch control center . he put on a telephone headset . hal dial for he . plague ( into the headset ) I need to trace a call that 's in progress . int . joey' room . joey be sneaking a cigarette while he computer download . there be a knock at the door . it 's he mother . joey ( whisper ) shit ! ( loudly , panicked ) uh yeah ... hold on , mom . hold on one second . he put out the cigarette and spray the room with air freshener . joey' mom I mean it ! open the door , Joseph . joey yeah , uh , yeah , okay . he unlock the door . joey 's mom burst in . he 's still clamber into bed . joey there you go . joey' mom bed . sleep . now ! she turn off the computer . it be not finish downloading . joey' mom sweet dream , joey . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . hal he 's go ! plague do you get a trace ? operator ( on phone ) yeah , we get he . plague ( smile ) good . int . joey' room . dark . joey take a disk out of he computer and stashes it in a air vent in the cieling . int . tenement hallway . phreak , dade and cereal be rollerblade through the hall of a apartment building that be fill with graffiti . it appear that most of the spray- bomb art be create by the resident . cereal Nice place , huh . cereal knock on a door spray- paint " hackstock " dade you hear of a hacker call acid burn ? you know who he be ? phreak ( surprised ) no , do not know who he be . ( to cereal ) do you ? cereal shrug . a hood black man in he early twenty answer the door . phreak Nikon ! Lord Nikon this be ... phreak motion to dade . dade ( finish ) crash override . nikon never hear of you . done anything ? dade no . Nikon slam the door . phreak come on ! phreak knock the door again . Nikon open again . nikon what , you mom buy you a ' puter for Christmas ? ( to phreak ) do he know anything ? phreak sure man , he 's elite . nikon ( pause , check dade out ) come in . cereal uh ... Nikon , can I ... can I crash at you place tonight ? nikon ( remove he hood ) again ? ( pause , then grin broadly ) yeah sure . Nikon and cereal do a fake kung - fu move together . both ooka-pow ! int . nikon' place . later , the four be watch tv . on tv be a secret service agent give a news interview . gill ( on tv ) hacker penetrate and ravage delicate public and privately own computer system , infect they with viruse , and steal material for they own end . this people , they be terrorist . cereal agent Richard gill , you be hacker enemy number one , man . you be a boner ! nikon yo , showtime , showtime ! dade what 's go on ? all but dade ( in unison ) 4...3... 2...1... cheesy music play . razor and blade , androgynous asian brother , have a community access tv show . " Wayne 's World " in eye liner . razor welcome to we show ! blade hack the Planet ! all but dade hack the Planet ! razor for that late night hack ... blade jolt cola ! the soft drink of the elite hacker . dade who be this guy ? nikon that 's razor and blade . dade razor and blade . now razor and blade have a disconnect payphone in they studio . razor that 's right , this be a payphone . razor and blade ( in unison ) do not ask . blade as you can see , this be just a simple microcassette recorder . ( show the microcassette recorder ) hook it up to the phone and drop in five buck in quarter . razor record the tone that the coin make . and hang up and get you money back ! blade and never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap ... razor ... if it be not run by a bunch of profiteering glutton ! blade remember , hack be more than just a crime . it 's a survival trait ! int . joey' place . joey be take a shower , wear walkman headphone , sing along with the music . joey finish , turn off the shower , still sing . he draw open the shower curtain to find two secret service agent with shotgun point at he . ss agent freeze ! joey what ? what ? what do I do ? what ? the agent drag joey , still naked and wet , out of the shower and into the live room . his mother be hysterical .. joey' mom joey ! agent get in there ! sit down ! another agent stay down there . do not move . joey be push into a sofa . he see he computer , " Lucy " , be carry away . joey Lucy ! joey dive onto the agent carry Lucy away , lose he towel . his mother , see he expose buttock , be shocked . joey' mom joey !!! ext . outside joey' place . a police - type vehicle pull up . it 's agent Richard gill of the secret service . he stop a young agent for a update . gill how 's it go , Ray ? agent ray it look good , sir . we have get a uncorrupt hard drive . gill in English , please . I do not spend ten year protect the president so I could finish my career feel like a idiot . agent ray I be sorry , sir . we catch he by surprise , so we do not think he have time to erase he computer file . gill good. good man . alright , let 's finish up here , and take he in for interrogation . agent ray alright sir . they split up . a reporter and she sound man run up to gill . reporter agent gill , can you spare a moment of you time ? gill why of course , Jennifer . while Jennifer conduct the interview , agent lead joey into a unmark car . his mother be behind he , still hysterical . joey' mom joey ! joey Mom ... jennifer just how dangerous be hacker ? gill well , hacker penetrate and ravage delicate public and privately own computer system , infect they with viruse ... joey' mom joey ! gill ... and steal sensitive material for they own end . this people , they be terrorist ... joey' mom joey ! int . ellingson mineral corporation . a tall , impressive building . a cavernous atrium fill with busy people . int . ellingson boardroom . a handsome look woman in she late thirty walk in . margo good morning , gentlemen . please be seat . I see we be still dress in the dark , Eugene . plague ( to margo ) once again , do not call I Eugene . ( to the board ) a recent unknown intruder penetrate , use a superuser acount , give he access to we whole system . margo precisely what you be pay to prevent . plague someone do not bother read my carefully prepare memo on commonly use password . now , as I so meticulously point out , the for most use password be love , ( gesture lewdly ) sex , secret and ... ( eyeing margo ) ... God . so would you holiness care to change she password ? margo just blink prettily . plague a hacker plant the virus . margo virus ? plague yesterday , the ballast program for a supertanker training model mistakenly think the vessel be empty , and flood its tank . margo Excuse I ? plague ( as if to a child ) the little boat flip over . a virus plant in the Gibson computer system claim responsibility . margo what , it leave a note ? Plague hit a button on a remote control , and the virus - a long haire male model - appear on a large screen , in psychedelic color . the virus speak in a hammy italian accent . virus unless five million dollar be transfer to the follow numbered account in seven day , I will capsize five tanker in the ellingson fleet . board member be that ... plague ( interrupt ) that be the virus . Leonardo da vinci . the problem be we have twenty six ship at sea and we do not know which one be infect . duke ellingson well then , put the ship ' ballast under manual control . plague there 's no such thing anymore , Duke . this ship be totally computerize . they rely on satellite navigation , which link they to we network , and the virus , wherever they be in the world . margo so what be we suppose to do ? plague well luckily , you have a gift and talented security officer . I trace the hacker 's call . the secret service pick he up this morning . I will just search he file for the original virus code , and then I can eliminate it . int . ellingson mineral atrium . Plague , margo and two suit from the boardroom be riding down a escalator . suit # 1 now look , now we expect you to get onto this right away , yeah ? plague yeah ! suit # 1 well , how soon ? plague well , we be work on it as fast as we can . this be a very common occurrence in corporation as large as ours . you have nothing to worry about . suit # 2 yeah , right . suit # 1 now , you be sure about that , Mr. the Plague ? plague yeah , the secret service be help we out 100 percent . okay ? suit # 2 yeah . suit # 1 okay . plague we will be in touch . talk to you later . the suit get off the escalator , Plague and margo take the next one down . margo what the hell be that all about ? plague I have to move fast . the hacker copy my garbage file . margo what ? plague I create mister da vinci so we could call in the secret service . so they would arrest the hacker , sieze he equipment , thing that we can not do on we own . margo I do not want to go to jail for this . plague relax . think about the 25 million dollar . margo but you have create a virus that 's go to cause a worldwide ecological disaster , just to arrest some hacker kid ? plague basically , uhmm , yeah . mmm hmmm . margo Jesus . you know , you be sick , Eugene . you ... plague sh , sh sh sh sh . Plague stop a pass secretary and snatch a piece of paper from she hand . plague I will take care of this . secretary alright , sir . plague I can cancel it any time . I do not need any program code . but it 's the perfect cover , to confiscate the disc and find out how much of that garbage file have be copy . margo get it ! ( walk away ) why do I ever trust you ? ( go back up the escalator ) get the file . otherwise you will lose all you toy . int . secret service interrogation room . joey be distraught over the dismantle of Lucy . agent Ray examine the Mac 's innard . gill do you find the program for the virus on any of the disc we confiscate ? plague no . he 's either very smart or very stupid . gill then he stashed it somewhere , or he have a accomplice . we will release he until he indictment , keep tight surveillance , and see if he lead we to you disc . ext . outside joey' place . joey 's apartment building be a l-shape skyscraper about 30 storey high , unimpressive by New York City standard . two secret service agent be stake joey out in a car outside . secret service agent bob unit 3 outside suspect joey pardella 's apartment . nothing to report . suspect still ground ... by he mother . his radio crackle . agent bob listen to this bullshit . ( he read ) " this be we world now . the world of the electron and the switch , the beauty of the baud . we exist without nationality , skin color , or religious bias . you wage war , murder , cheat , lie to we and try to make we believe it 's for we own good , yet we be the criminal . yes , I be a criminal . my crime be that of curiosity . I be a hacker and this be my manifesto . " huh , right , manifesto ? " you may stop I , but you can not stop we all . " agent ray now that 's cool . agent bob cool ? agent ray yeah , cool . agent bob you think it 's cool ? agent ray ( not caring for where Bob be go with this ) it 's cool ! agent bob it 's not cool . it 's commie bullshit ! int . high school boy ' room . dade , cereal and phreak check they face . cereal brushes he tooth . cereal ( to phreak ) so what do you think , can I crash at you place tonight ? dade what be it with this guy ? phreak his parent miss woodstock and he 's be make up for it since . hey , you hear about joey 's bust ? cereal yeah . probably have something to do with that bank in Idaho . phreak do you think he could hack a Gibson ? dade do you talk to he ? phreak nope . his mom say he 's ground for he next three lifetime . ( imitate she ) he be not to consort with he computer friend . ( himself again ) the secret service be really out to get he . ( change the subject ) hey there 's a big party tonight , you wanna go ? dade shake he head . phreak it 's at kate 's ... dade just smile . phreak think so ! cereal and phreak leave , cereal dance . int . plague' office . Plague be wear a vr helmet and glove , play some sort of action game . he be unaware that gill have just enter the room . gill what the hell be you do ? Plague ! he thump the vr pedestal . gill plague ! Plague finally notice , and take off the helmet . plague gill . gill I think we have get something . gill hand Plague a folder . it have the logo of stanton High . plague uuugh , hard copy . Plague look it over and recognize a name . plague dade Murphy . int . dade' place . it 's after school . dade 's just unlock the front door , only to find a secret service agent behind it . and one behind he in the hallway . both point pistol at he . agent ray secret service ! agent bob do not move ! they slam dade against a wall and start frisk he . dade Christ ! what be the ... agent bob shut up ! dade what be you do , man ? get off I ! they lead he into he room and throw he down on the bed . Plague be there . agent bob just sit in the bed and keep you hand where we can see they . plague the year be 1988 . and this nasty virus crash fifteen hundred system in one day . dade have a flashback . dade Fifteen hundred and seven . agent ray ( astound ) wow , huh ! gill it get you seven year probation . no computer , could not even use a touch tone phone . plague must have be hell , huh ? Zero cool ? ( get to the point ) a virus have be plant in the ellingson mineral computer system . you be we prime suspect , till we trash you stuff and find no trace of it . gill however , we have come to believe that one joey pardella be involved in this ellingson virus . he or perhaps he accomplice have a disk that Mr. belford need to disable that virus . we want you to help we find it . plague gill . the three secret service agent leave Plague and dade alone . Plague shut the door behind they . plague ( of gill ) loser. ( continue ) I can not believe you be only eleven when you write this . it 's quite a impressive virus . dade , I know how you might feel about nark on you friend , but , we be hacker . for we , there 's no such thing as family and friend . we be each we own country , with temporary ally and enemy . I would like to make a treaty with you . dade I be sorry . who be you ? plague I be the one who understand you . now , can we be ally ? dade Nah . I do not play well with other . Plague be hold dade 's baseball bat . he shrug , turn around , and smashes dade 's stereo to smithereen . dade shit ! come on ! plague watch which friend you do play with . a record like yours could land you in jail , get you kick out of school , no college would take you . no future . exiled from everyone and everything you love . Plague replace the baseball bat . plague I will be in touch . Plague leave . plague ( to agent ) I be fine . ( to dade ) oh , and dade , try to stay out of trouble , okay ? dade blow I . plague ( smile ) thank you ! int . dade' room . later . dade be lie in bed . a door open . it 's kate . she open she motorcycle jacket , revealing she bare breast . dade start to get up , she push he back own on the bed and start kissing he passionately . he respond in kind . then , gill , agent Ray and agent Bob burst into the room , handcuff he , break the two up and haul they away as Plague look on smugly . then dade wake up in a sweat . it be only a dream . he regains he composure . the sound of New York City at night surround he . he go back to sleep . int . kate place . the party . a large , well - furnish apartment in a elegant old skyscraper in the fashionable part of town . teenager dance and writhe to loud , bassy music . dade and phreak arrive . phreak her mom make big buck write self - help book for woman . stuff like " woman who Love Men who be emotional amoebae " phreak show dade the book . dade that explain a lot . kate , the lovely and gracious hostess , mingle and greet she many guest , not notice dade or phreak . cereal offer dade a drink from a plastic bottle . dade , not know what he 's in for , drink . Nikon be the deejay . phreak ( loudly ) yo , what 's up Nikon ! nikon yo phreak ! dade , man , you make it . ( to cereal ) Houston , we have liftoff , 3 o'clock , check it ... do not look right away , what 's wrong with you ! look at she man ... Nikon and cereal be check out a truly fine babe . nikon ( concentrate ) look out , man . Lisa Blair , 26 East 7th St. , apartment 16 , 555-4817 , boom ! dade how do you know that ? nikon I get photographic memory . ( smiling ) it 's a curse ! ( into the crowd ) Lisa ! lisa hey , how do you know my name ? cereal and phreak move through the crowd . cereal notice something . cereal oooo , look at that pooper man . spandex , it 's a privilege , not a right ! int . meeting hall . a 12 - step recovery group . addict , include joey pardella , sit in a semi-circle . vickie hi , my name be vickie , and I be a addict . hank hi , my name be hank , and uh , I be a addict . joey ( smoking ) uh , my name 's joey but , uh , I be not a addict . joey take a drag . the group react indignantly . joey nono , really , really , listen , listen to this . I get in trouble with my computer , right , okay , and my lawyer tell the judge that I be a addict , but I be not addict to my computer ! no really , really , joey take another drag . joey I be not a addict . I be not , I be not . joey downs he coffee . joey can I get some more coffee ? int . kate bedroom . phreak be check out kate 's computer . phreak yo . check this out guy , this be insanely great , it 's get a 28.8 bps modem ! dade yeah ? display ? cereal active matrix , man . a million psychedelic color . man , baby , sweet , ooo ! nikon I want it . phreak I want it to have my child ! cereal yeah , I bet it look crispy in the dark . phreak yo , hit the light . dade hit the light . the four ooo and ahh at its graphic . kate and curtis walk into the room and hit the bed , unaware of the hacker in the corner by she laptop . dade ( whisper ) shit ! cereal shh ! dade be that she top ? phreak one-hand ! cereal difficulty rating ? nikon Seven . wow ! burn 's wetware match she software ! dade ( loudly ) burn ! they cover be blow . nikon what the for ... cereal hide under the desk . kate hey ! what be you guy do in here ? phreak I be sorry , we be sorry , just check out you fly laptop ! nikon yeah , it 's hype , you know ... you be in the butter zone now , baby . phreak ( smile ) uh-huh ! kate ( she tone change ) yeah , it be ... ( she come over to it ) I wanna triple the ram ... curtis oooh , leopard Boy ... and the decepticon . uh , kate , kate , you be not go into that computer shit now , right ? kate barely acknowledge he . curtis ( cynically ) humm , yeah . curtis leave . cereal ( mockingly ) right . dade the sensitive type . kate finally notice that dade , whom she do not invite , be at she party and in she bedroom . kate what be he do in here ? phreak relax , burn , he 's my guest . dade burn . you be acid burn . you boot I out of otv ! kate what ? dade I be crash override . kate you be the moron that 's be invade my turf ? cereal whoa , whowhowhowhoa. ( motion to dade ) crash ... ( motion to kate ) and burn ! cereal break into hysterics . int . plague' loft . Plague be hack . margo Murphy kid turn you down ? plague ( in a hammy southern accent ) I disguise myself as a Alabama State trooper and penetrate the FBI ncic . margo pervert ! what be you talk about ? she turn she back to he . he do up the zipper on she dress . they relationship become apparent . plague the FBI computer hold file on twenty million Americans . I just hack into it . margo congratulation . plague from here I get access to every piece of data ever store on dade Murphy 's parent . his parent separate five year ago , reconcile two year later , file for divorce last year , custody battle , boy choose to go with he mother . hmm . margo so ? plague so , we get the mother , we get the boy . int . kate room . kate 's room be empty , and dade can not resist go back in to play with she laptop , which far outclass he own , some more . on the balcony , kate notice and come back in . kate what the hell be you do ? dade it 's cool , I be just look . kate it 's too much machine for you . dade yeah ? dade start work furiously on it . kate I hope you do not screw like you type . dade slow to a two - finger keypoke , not miss a beat . dade it have a killer refresh rate . kate p6 chip . triple the speed of the pentium . dade yeah . it 's not just the chip , it have a pci bus . but you know that . kate indeed . risc architecture be gonna change everything . dade yeah . risc be good . they uncomfortably exchange glance . dade you sure this sweet machine 's not go to waste ? kate crash override . what be it . " mess with the best , die like the Rest ? " dade yeah . kate be you challenging I ? dade name you stake . kate if I win , you become my slave . dade ( intrigue ) you slave ? kate ( realize he mind be in the gutter ) you wish . you will do shit work , scan , crack copyright , whatever I want . dade and if I win ? kate ( giggle ) make it my first bear . dade make it we first date . kate you be not gonna win . dade and you have to smile . kate I do not do date . but I do not lose either , so you be on . montage : scene of dade and kate prepare for the challenge . phreak ( voice over ) so here 's the deal . the choose contest : to hassle secret service agent Richard gill , and get one back for joey . dade spray paint camouflage onto he keyboard . nikon we decision be final , by a vote of 2 to 1 . no appeal . kate rifle through she address book . cereal the duel will last until we declare a winner . dade play quick - draw with disk . phreak use only the dialup , access code and password in you collection . can not ask for any help from we . dade , have master the quick-disk - draw in the mirror , look satisfied . dade ( into mirror ) talk to I ? all five be together at the beginning of the challenge . phreak any question ? kate yeah . whose gonna notify he next of kin ? dade and kate shake hand and the challenge begin . ext . new york CITY public phone . at a public phone , kate hack into concourse Bank , look up Richard gill , and have he credit card max out . " destroy Card " be the final instruction . the other hacker look on . int . restaurant . a waiter run a credit card through a validation machine , see the message and return to the patron 's table . it be Richard gill . right there , the waiter chop the mastercard in two with a pair of scissors , to gill 's horror . ext . new york CITY public phone . dade hack into a electronic personal ad system and change a ad . kate alright , he 's in the personal ad . ( read dade 's ad ) " disappointed white male , crossdresser , look for discreet friend to bring dream to reality . leather , lace , and water sport . transvestites welcome . " int . gill office . at he office , gill be on the speaker phone with someone respond to the ad . gill I ... I ... I know where you can stick it ... I know where you can stick it ... gill punch a button on the phone , another caller come on . caller ... wanna lick you earlobe ... I wanna lick you lip ... I wanna lick you toe ... I wanna lick you ankle ... gill awww , yeah , you wanna lick something ? lick this . gill punch another button , another caller come on . caller that 's why they call I stallion ... gill aw , that 's disgusting ! gill punch another button . caller my heart be steaming for you ... gill punch another button . he be become quite flustered . caller ... spank you with my ... gill aww , spank you ass ... he punch another button . another caller come on , and gill hang up the phone , disgust , offended , and distraught . the Plague be there , witness the whole thing . plague Animal ! ext . empire state bulding observation deck . it 's kate 's turn . kate be hack into the Department of motor vehicle . she add 113 traffic violation and DUI offender status to gill 's record . ext . new york CITY , busy STREET . gill be be arrest quite forcefully by a NYC police grunt . he be throw onto the hood of he car and handcuff . gill hey ! hey , ow ! do you know who I be ? do you know who I be ? ext . chinatown , public phone . dade 's turn . he hack into the secret service 's personnel file , and change gill 's status to " decease . " int . gill office . employee ( on phone ) this be accounting , sir . you enquire about a employee of ours , a agent Richard gill ? gill yes . employee we record indicate he 's decease . gill I be what ? int . cyberdelia . the five be play pool . dade Dead . phreak Dead ? dade yeah . like rigor mortis , habeas Corpus . nikon very impressive . cereal Super hero like even . kate yeah , whatever . what 's the score ? phreak click the pool scoreboard so it say 60 - 60 . phreak tie . the other four protest . phreak due to Mr. gill 's untimely demise and everything , I guess you two will have to improvise the next round . dade right . if I win , you wear a dress on we date . kate and if I win , so do you . dade think about it a second . dade deal . kate give dade a look that say " I be go to hold you to that . " int . kate bed . night . a shapely figure wear a red leather legless suit with a zipper that go all the way around the crotch . hand caress the sultry figure as the camera pan up . the body belong to dade Murphy . kate wake up gasp . it be only a dream . she pants and regains she breath . then she smile . she enjoy that dream . kate oooohhhh ... int . high school hallway . kate , at she locker , stop dade . kate dade . I do not know you size , so I guess . she open she locker to reveal a red leather bustier and bikini bottom . kate you be man enough to stick with the deal , be not you ? dade walk off . int . dade' place . dade sign a electronic pad for a package from ups . he take the package . dade thanks . he close the door and open the package . it be a laptop computer , clear plastic shell , full colour screen . very high - end , perhaps the equal to kate 's machine . he turn it on . the Plague 's face , distort , appear . it speak . plague you want to know who I be , Zero cool ? well let I explain the New World order . government and corporation need people like you and I . we be samurai . the keyboard cowboy . and all that other people out there who have no idea what 's go on be the cattle . mooo ! I need you help , you need my help . let I help you earn you spur . ahh , think about it . enjoy the laptop , " cool " ! tell I where the disk be . Plague 's face vanish . int . joey' room . joey lie on he bed with a comic book , look despondent . his mother enter . joey' mom you look pitiful . okay , okay , you be not ground anymore . she kiss he forehead and leave . he spring back to life , get up and get the disc from where he stashed it in the air vent . ext . park . joey be nervously wait on a park bench . phreak arrive . Agents Ray and Bob still have joey stake out . phreak yo , what 's up ? joey dude dude dude , I gotta talk to you a minute , listen listen listen . I copy a garbage file from ... phreak Big deal . a garbage file 's get shit in it , joey , come on . joey nono , it 's like hot or something . I do not know . phreak joey , a garbage file hold miscellaneous data . junk . bit of stuff that 's be erase , man . joey I copy it from ellingson , okay ? they be ask I about it , alright ? will you take a look for I ? joey hand phreak the disc . agent Bob be take picture , and phreak notice . phreak oh shit , joey , you have get a tail . joey see , and run for it . joey shit ! the agent split up , one run after joey , the other after phreak . int . high school boy ' room . phreak have lose he tail . he put joey 's disc behind a condom machine in the boy ' room at school , and stick it there with gum . int . phreak room . phreak frantically destroy all record of he hack career . he know he 's about to be bust . dream sequence . the secret service be about to burst in on phreak . he still have not destroy any record , and start manically go through everything . gill be on he laptop screen . gill I be watch you ... int . phreak room . morning . a knock on the door . phreak awake . it 's he mother . phreak mom Ramon ? wake up . Ramon ! wake up ! vamano . time for school , come on . the secret service burst in through the window just as phreak 's mom open the blind . she scream , phreak leap to he foot . agent secret service , do not move ! phreak deja vu ! agent bob Ray sanchez , you be under arrest , under the Computer fraud and abuse Act of 1986 . phreak 's mom become very angry and start slapping phreak , cursing in Spanish . phreak what be you wait for , arrest I already ! int . police station lockup . the undersized phreak be just a morsel to the harden thug behind this bar and they taunt he viciously as he be lead to he one phone call . cop you get one call . uno. understand ? the cop lock the dial on the phone . phreak wait for the cop to leave , and hang up . he start rapidly push the hangup hook , and he hear a ringing tone . operator hello , operator service . phreak hello , operator ? I be have trouble dial a number . operator what number please ? phreak 555-4202 . operator just one moment . phreak thank you . kate answer . kate hello ? phreak hey , it 's I . kate phreak ? phreak I be freaking ! joey be not make it up ! he really hack into ellingson ! he give I the disc with a file he copy and now I be in jail ! they be charge I with some serious shit ! and there 's stuff I do not even do , like insert some virus call Da vinci , and they keep ask about you guy . kate you think they be go to bust we ? phreak yeah ! you better figure out what 's on that disc , cause we be be frame . it 's in that place where I put that thing that time ? he hang up just as the cop return . int . school boy ' room . kate be entirely out of place in the boy ' room , as the boy look on amusedly . she find the disc behind the condom machine and pocket it . then she busy a condom from the machine and strut out , smile sweetly , hot as fire . int . dade' place . kate knock . Mrs. Murphy let kate and cereal in . mrs . murphy hi! ( look kate over ) well , now I see what all the fuss be about . ( she show they to dade 's room ) dade ... you have company . cereal it 's a nice room . kate we need you help . dade do my ear deceive I ? kate start to leave . cereal nonononono . truce , you guy . listen , we get a higher purpose here , alright ? a wake up call for the nintendo generation . we demand free access to data , well , it come with some responsibility . when I be a child , I spake as a child , I understand as a child , I think as a child , but when I become a man I put away childish thing . ( pause ) what ... it 's corinthian I , chapter 13 , verse 11 , no duh . come on . kate phreak and joey be be frame . we need you help to figure out what 's on this disc . dade I can not . everybody who touch that thing get bust , I can not afford to get arrest , I be sorry . cereal maybe I should just go to the bathroom or something . cereal leave the room . kate what be it with you ? I know we have be play game , but , we be suppose to be on the same side and we really need you help . I really need you help . dade I be sorry , I can not . kate well , could you just make a copy of the disc ? and just hide it in case we get bust , so we have something to give we lawyer , something that have not be tampere with ? can you do that ? a knock on the door . dade 's mom peek in . mrs . murphy listen you guy , help yourself to anything in the fridge . cereal have . she leave . kate ( to Mrs. Murphy ) thank you . dade okay . I will copy it . kate okay , thank you . later . Plague phone dade . Plague have lauren Murphy 's record on he screen . plague the girl . the girl have the disc I need . dade I tell you , I do not play well with other . plague turn on you laptop . set it to receive a file . dade do . a extensive criminal record with a strange woman 's picture come up . the strange woman transform into dade 's mother . plague lauren Murphy be now a want felon in the state of Washington . forgery , embezzlement , two drug conviction , plus she jump parole . when she 's arrest , she will not have a trial , she will not pass go , she will go directly to jail . then I change this file back to the original , and you mom disappear . dade that 's bullshit . plague what can I tell you . Computers never lie , kid . you mom will be arrest at work , she will be handcuff , and later , strip searched . dade you lay a finger on she and I will kill you . plague kid , do not threaten I . there be worse thing than death and , uh , I can do all of they ! dade emerge from he room . his exhaust , overworked mother be asleep on the couch . he pull a blanket over she . ext . public phone , wet STREET , night . shortly after , dade be outside on a payphone . plague talk to I . dade I get it . but listen , kate do not know what 's on it . I mean , she come to I to figure it out . she 's not the one who plant the virus . you leave she alone . plague hey , do not worry , kid . if she 's innocent , she will be fine . you mommy 's safe now , okay ? dade hang up and wait for some time . a limousine drive by , with a skateboarder tailing . Plague grab the disc , jump in the limo and speed away . dade try to chase but give up quickly . int . kate room . dade show up . kate , Nikon , and cereal be work on the disc . dade kate , listen . kate uh , hold on ... dade I have to tell you something . cereal hold on a second ! nikon look at this , it 's so lean and clean . cereal look like a hacker write it . kate come here , look at this . this thing be dense . Nikon point out part of the code . nikon but that 's ill , man . it 's incomplete . this be take forever and a day to figure out . I be gonna make some coffee . dade take Nikon 's place . cereal tag , you be in . hour pass . dade study and reverse engineer the garbage file . the other hacker watch , and do just about anything but be hacker . finally , over box of half - finish pizza , dade make a announcement . dade this be not a virus . it 's a worm ! nikon what 's this one eat ? dade it nibble . you see this ? dade indicate a rapidly scrolling data display . dade this be every financial transaction ellingson conduct , yeah ? from million dollar deal to the ten buck some guy pay for gas . kate the worm eat a few cent from each transaction . dade and no one 's catch it because the money be not really go . it 's just data be shift around . kate right . and when the worm 's ready , it zip out with the money and erase its track . dade joey get cut off before he get to that part . check it out . by this point , it 's already run at , what , twice the speed as when it start . kate right , and at this rate it end its run in ... nikon two day . dade and judge by this segment alone , it 's already eat about ... cereal 21.8 million buck , man . Nikon whistle . kate whoever write this need somebody to take the fall . and that 's phreak , and that 's joey , and that 's we . we have get to get the rest of the file , so we can find out where the money be go before the worm disappear , so we can find out who create it . dade I know , I know who write it . kate what ? dade this ellingson security creep . I give he a copy of the disc you give I . kate you what ? dade I do not know what be on it . cereal ( agitate ) oh man . that 's universally stupid , man ! nikon yo , man , you a amateur , man . kate why do he come to you ? dade I get a record . I be Zero cool . nikon Zero cool ? crashed fifteen hundred and seven system in one day ? Nikon close he eye and access he photographic memory . nikon biggest crash in history , front page , New York Times , August 10th , 1988 . I think you be black , man ! yo , man , this be Zero cool ! oh , shit ! cereal that 's far out ! nikon this be Zero cool , man ! whooo , haha ! kate ( coldly ) well that 's great . there go MIT . dade I will make it up to you ! kate how ? dade I will hack the Gibson . nikon they will trace you like that ( snap he finger ) man , cop be gonna find you , they be gonna find you with a smoking gun . dade fucked if I care , man . nikon look , even if you have the password , it will take you ten minute to get in , and you have still gotta find the file , man , I mean , the cop will have you in ... five minute . cereal oh wow , we be fry . kate ( suddenly lighter - heart ) never send a boy to do a woman 's job . with I , we can do it in seven . cereal you be both screw . I help , we can do it in six . nikon Jesus , I gotta save all you ass . I help , we can do it in five minute , man . dade okay . let 's go shopping . cereal woo hoo ! boom ! ext . outside ellingson build . dade and kate cut through a chain link fence and jump into a dumpster at ellingson . kate land on dade . dade you know , if I do not live by a strict code of honor , I might take advantage of this situation . erotically , as it be . kate fish around in she pants , never break eye contact with dade . she pull out a flashlight . they start trash . they get up to leave and be spot by a security guard . guard alright , hold it right there ! kate pull out a flare gun and fire it at the security guard . he duck . dade shit !! kate it 's my subway defense system . ext . new york CITY STREET . Nikon be stare down a manhole , cereal be fishing through a adjacent phone company truck . nikon he 's way down there . cereal emerge with a beltload of equipment and a hard hat . but he forget the most important thing . cereal ta-da ! nikon yo , brain dead , the manual ! cereal go back to the truck and get a thick manual . the phone company technician come up from the manhole . phone company tech hey ! cereal and nikon ( in unison , point down the street ) truck !!! the phone company tech jump back in the hole , cereal and Nikon take off . int . secret service bulding . a woman be seat at the desk . agent gill walk by . woman find it ? cereal emerge from the desk , between she leg . his tool belt dangle obscenely from he crotch . cereal phone 's alright . the problem must be somewhere else . cereal walk away with he buttcrack seriously show . int . ellingson mineral office . Nikon pose as a flower delivery boy . he wind he way through the office of ellingson mineral , " shoulder surfing " , watch the worker enter password . his photographic memory capture everything . the Plague walk past he , notice briefly but not make the connection . int . plague' loft . the Da vinci virus ' launch / cancel prompt be up . margo ( pace ) they have a large chunk of the garbage file ? how much do they know ? plague not everything . but enough to implicate we . margo you say the worm be untreaceable ! plague yeah . to civilian . but they be hacker . but do not worry . all we have to do be launch the Da vinci virus , and then they will all be put away . margo Launch the Da vinci virus ? you can not do that ! plague no one believe the guilty . besides , by the time they realize the truth , we will be long go with all of we money . margo start to protest . plague look , there be no right and wrong . there be only fun and boring . a thirty year prison sentence sound pretty dull to I . who do you prefer serve it , we ? or they ? Plague click on " Launch " . the virus repeat its demand . virus unless five million dollar be transfer to the follow numbered account in seven day , I will capsize five tanker in the ellingson fleet . ext . OPEN sea . as the virus speak , a supertanker sail on a choppy sea . int . plague' loft . Plague leave a message on gill 's answer machine . plague ( sternly ) the virus go off tomorrow morning at 10:30 , and that hacker try to get into we system again . at this point I insist you take more strenuous action , or ellingson mineral will hold the secret service responsible . gill get on the phone . gill ( grimly ) get I arrest warrant on kate Libby , alias acid burn , emmanuel goldstein , alias cereal killer , dade Murphy , alias crash override , also know as Zero cool , and Paul cook , alias Lord Nikon . we pick they up tomorrow morning at nine o'clock . as gill give the order , a mysterious device under he desk blink . cereal put it there . int . nikon' place . Nikon and cereal tape gill 's order . cereal snoop onto they ... nikon ... as they snoop onto we . Nikon call kate . kate yeah , it 's kate . nikon hey , burn . we get a little problem here . int . subway . cereal , Nikon , dade and kate skate through a run down subway platform and get on the " a " train . they go over the result of they password gather spree . kate alright , so what have we get ? dade well , we have fifty password , plus whatever Polaroid head here get inside ellingson . nikon well , I get a lot , alright ? I do not know how many but ... my head hurt . cereal yo , everyone check this out . hey , what 's the Da vinci virus ? dade what ? cereal check this out . it 's a memo about how they be gonna deal with that oil spill that happen on the fourteenth . kate what oil spill ? nikon whoa , whoa . yo , brain - dead , today be the thirteenth . cereal well this have not happen yet . kate wait a minute , the fourteenth , that 's the same day the worm end its run . I mean ... Da vinci virus , do not phreak say that 's what he be be charge with ? look ... ( quote the memo ) " infecting ballast program of ellingson tanker " - they blame hacker ! nikon ( angry ) damn ! cereal a worm and a virus ? the plot thicken . kate get ready to get off the subway . nikon whoa , whoa whoa whoa , where be you go , huh ? kate I get a idea . we have get a few hour , right , till we get arrest . so just stay low . I be gonna go get some help . I will beep you , okay ? ( to dade ) be you come ? dade get up . cereal May the Force be with you , man . int . industrial dance club . weird music play , lot of weird people dance . razor and blade be on stage , dance in front of a huge speaker . kate there they be ! dade razor and blade ! they be flake ! kate they be elite ! let 's get them . dade and kate push through the crowd . the song change to a fast industrial rap number , razor and blade leave the stage , and dade start get moshed . he climb on the stage to follow razor and blade . for he trouble , he be throw back onto the crowd , who pass he around overhead . finally the crowd let he go . he catch up with kate . kate I lose them . where be you ? dade try to explain , but be at a loss for word . they make they way to the entrance to razor and blade 's lair . video monitor be everywhere . dade I do not like this . a robotic arm with a revolver swing around to point at dade . dade aaaaaugh ! I definitely do not like this ! blade ( through video intercom ) what do you want ? dade ummm ... we come in peace ? dade wince at he own corniness . kate we need you help . if you be up to it . razor she 's buff . ballsy . blade let 's keep she . razor waste the dude . the gun go off . it 's only a cigarette lighter ! no one can accuse razor and blade of not have a sense of humor . int . razor and blade' place . kate a virus call Da vinci will cause oil spill at 10:30 am Eastern time tomorrow . dade it 's somehow connect with the worm that 's steal the money . kate we need you help to overload the Gibson so we can kill the Da vinci virus and download the worm program . razor she 's rabid , but cute . blade see , we be very busy . a tv network that wish to remain nameless have express a interest in we show . dade ( notice the stench of sellout ) let 's go , kate . razor wait . nobody say no . but you be go to need more than just two media icon like we . you need a army . blade that 's it ! a electronic army ! if I be we , I would get on the internet , send out a major distress signal . razor hacker of the World , unite ! blade how be you go to take care of the cop ? dade just smile . int . dade' room . dade hack into the city traffic light control system . suddenly there be gridlock on the street of New York City . ext . central park . Nikon be play chess against two hassidic Jews . cereal 's beeper go off . it display the message : grand central hack the planet cereal yo. I be blow up . it 's kate , Grand Central . let 's hit it ! Nikon checkmate he opponent and the two leave . dade , cereal , Nikon , and kate skate through the street . dade 's program to freeze all the traffic light on green , run on schedule at 9:00:00 precisely . picture New York City in morning rush hour , and every traffic light be green . instant gridlock ensue . the four skate through the traffic easily , while the secret service , now pursue they , be stick . gill punch a park car in frustration . its alarm go off . int . grand central station . the four hacker skate into Grand Central Station and head to the lowest level . they meet up with joey . cereal hey joey , you make it ! int . grand central public phone . the hacker be now set up laptop at a bank of pay phone . dade be wear a " pirate Eye " eyepiece . kate now listen up , use you best viruse to buy we time , we have to get into Plague 's file and copy the worm . cereal scream . cereal ai! boom boom aiaiaiaiaee ! alright , that be a little tension breaker , that have to be do , alright ? kate cereal . cereal yeah ? kate go fix the phone . cereal Roger . cereal take off to fix the phone . kate joey , take he place . joey what , I ? kate take he place , man , do it . you can do it . joey take cereal 's place . kate ready ? dade yeah . kate alright , let 's boot up . the four boot up they machine . various vanity screen come up on the laptop . they begin to hack . we see the inside of the Gibson . viruse of all kind begin to pour in . in the office and data processing room , the ellingson staff be in pandemonium . happy face with eye patch appear on they screen . " sit on my interface . " " shit for brain . " " arf arf arf ! " Cookie monster . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . the big monitor show the attack in progress . margo what be it ? what 's wrong ? plague nothing , it 's just a minor glitch . margo " minor glitch " with you seem to turn into a major catastrophe . the main screen be fill with : I want a cookie . give I a cookie now ! hal there 's a new virus in the database . margo what 's happen ? hal it 's replicate , eat up memory . what do I do ? plague type " Cookie " , you idiot . I will head them off at the pass . another virus appear . hal we have a Zero bug attack all the login and overlay file . plague run anti-virus . give I a system display ! the system display come up . Red flash everywhere , signify new attack . Plague press a key . plague die , dickweed ! hal the rabbit be in the administration system . rabbit icon start to fill the system display . plague send a flu-shot . margo rabbit , flu-shot , someone talk to I . hal a rabbit replicate till it overload a file , then it spread like cancer . margo Cancer ? the Da vinci virus sing " row row row you Boat " . tanker ballast start fill - for real . int . grand central public phone . kate it 's the Gibson , it 's find we too fast . dade man , there 's too many garbage file , I need more time . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . plague they're at Grand Central Station , lower level . do not screw up . ext . gridlocked street . the secret service and nypd be stick . they turn around and head for Grand Central Station . int . grand central public phone . the public phone next to dade 's ring . dade answer . it 's the Plague . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . plague game 's over . last chance to get out of this without a prison sentence . you be not good enough to beat I , you little shit . int . grand central public phone . dade yeah , maybe I be not . but we be , you asshole . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . plague give it up ! just give it up . int . grand central public phone . kate 's phone ring . it 's razor . razor be we fashionably late ? hacker in England , Italy , Japan , Russia , everywhere mobilize and start attack the ellingson Gibson . the English hacker look and talk suspiciously like Annie lennox 's husband . we heroes relentlessly search for the right garbage file . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . sysop we have massive infection . multiple gpi and FSI viruse . hal they be come in from remote node . they be go after the kernal ! margo Colonel who ? hal the system Command processor , it 's the brain . margo Cancer , brain ... Brain Cancer ? Duke ellingson arrive . duke ellingson belford , what 's go on ? plague in short , Duke , a shit storm . int . grand central station . dozen of armed secret service and swat troops push through the crowded station look for the hacker . inside the computer . the garbage file light up . the familiar psychedelic swirl of equation and fractal graphic return . int . grand central public phone . dade I find it ! I find it ! int . computer room , ellingson mineral . plague this be the end , my friend . ( smile sickly ) thank you for call ! int . grand central public phone . dade be disconnect . dade oh , shit ! he get I . nikon joey 's get stupid busy . the ss and swat be still close in on the hacker . dade joey . I need you to drop you viruse , go after the worm . you be the close . the ss and swat push through crowd . dade it 's root slash period workspace slash period garbage period . the ss be nearly there . joey have find the file . the ss arrive . gill himself have he .357 draw . gill freeze ! it 's a empty bank of payphone , the receiver be link together and tape up . no hacker . they keep go . gill ( piss off but determine ) ahhh come on ! joey complete the download . kate ( to razor and blade ) kill the Gibson . razor Roger that . int . computer room , ellingson mineral . plague come on you son of a bitch , be that all you get , huh ? come on , let 's see what else you can do ! you talk to I ? huh ? hahahaha . be you nut ? come at I ! margo and Duke be awed by Plague 's imminent failure and total unprofessionalism . hal they be in the kernal . da vinci virus help ... I ... the Da vinci virus die . the tanker stop capsize and right themselves . woman ( off screen ) the tanker have stop capsize . someone else ( off screen ) ballast tank be empty . it will be okay . the main screen light up : arf arf ! we gotcha ! mess with the best die like the rest plague Little pissant ! the Gibson die in a flash of light . int . grand central public phone . the hacker cheer and congratulate each other . nikon yes ! dade we do it ! kate let 's get out of here ! gill freeze ! the ss have catch up with the hacker . agent Bob seem to be choose which pore on which hacker 's face to blow away first . only joey think to put he hand up . as they be lead away , a handcuff dade surrreptitiously toss the disc with the worm into a trashcan . ext . grand central station . outside , he notice cereal , who be not present to be arrest . he yell to the crowd , but really be address cereal . dade they be trashing we rights , man ! they be trashing the flow of data ! they be trashing ! trashing ! trashing ! hack the planet ! hack the planet ! gill shut up and get in the car ! cereal ( understanding the hide message ) hack the planet ! hack the planet ! int . grand central station . later , cereal be trash through the garbage can in Grand Central Station . eventually he find the disc . to cereal 's disgust , it have gum stick to it . int . gill office . gill phone the Plague to report the successful takedown . plague hello ? gill we catch them . plague good . gill Red hand ! you will not be have any more trouble from they . int . plague' loft . at Plague 's place , Plague and margo toast with champagne , giggle , and then scurry off to bed ... int . gill office . dade and kate be there . dade I , alright ? I do it . she know shit about computer . she ... she 's just my girlfriend . gill ( laugh ) I suggest you modify you attitude . because you be float . and I be about to flush you ass . the intercom beep . agent you have get a Mrs. Murphy to see you , sir . gill leave . kate be you crazy ? what be you do ? dade I be try to help you . she pause , realize he gesture . kate dade . dade what ? kate thanks for you help . dade turn on the intercom . gill can be hear through it . gill ( grimly ) you son be in big trouble . he have violate he probation and he have engage in criminal activity . mrs . murphy my son happen to be a genius . he understand something happen today that you will not comprehend if you live to be a hundred , and he would never use what he know to harm a live soul . agent Bob enter . agent bob the news crew you request be here . mrs . murphy oh good . Cause I have a few thing to tell they . gill you son be face thirty felony count in a ongoing investigation . you face possible arrest if you do that . mrs . murphy mister , I do not care if I face certain death . gill Mrs. Murphy stay right here . kate oh , wow , she 's great . dade yeah . int . secret service office . the news crew interview gill . reporter ... and attack the ellingson 's computer network . be the last we have see of this type of high - tech espionage ? gill well , I be afraid not . hacker be a grave threat to the national security . this incident just prove without a doubt that we need increase funding to stop ... Nikon and joey be lead in . the monitor cut into static , then cereal appear . someone that kid cut he off ! cereal hold on , boy and girl . it be I , the cereal killer , make my first coast to coast , world wide , global television appearance . yes , that 's right , I be here to tell you about this heinous scheme hatched from within ellingson mineral . razor and blade busily work on keep he on the air . cereal but for what , you ask ? World domination ? nay . something far more tacky . a virus call Da vinci , that when launch , would cause ellingson mineral tanker to capsize be to be blame on innocent hacker . but this virus be really the smokescreen , right . what could be so vitally important to protect that someone would create such a nasty , antisocial , very uncool virus program ? cereal be now see and hear on the big screen in Times Square . cereal but why ? could it be to cover the track for this worm program ? a worm that be to steal 25 million buck . the password for this hungry little sucker belong to margo wallace , head of public relation at ellingson mineral ... int . plague' loft . margo watch this and sit bolt upright in bed . margo oh my God ! cereal ( continue ) ... and Eugene belford , Computer Security Officer . int . secret service office gill ( finally understanding what 's be go on all along ) Son of a bitch ! cereal ( continue ) what 's this ? be this the unnamed account in the Bahamas where the money be to be stashed ? I think so ! a account number scroll below cereal 's chin . cereal yo . I kinda feel like God ! his voice echoe across the earth and among the satellite . margo Plague ? Eugene ? almost supernaturally , Plague be already go . he be right next to she , stark naked in bed a second ago . int . secret service office . the hacker embrace and congratulate each other again , lauren Murphy hug she son . int . police station , women' lockup . margo wallace have be arrest , and be be lead into the woman 's lockup . some of the other woman grab at she expensive italian leather jacket as she be lead to she cell . margo I do not even know how to work a vcr , let alone a computer ! get off ! look , listen , I will make a deal . Eugene belford ! I know where he mother be , I promise you . get offa I ! I need a lawyer ! int . airliner cabin . in flight . stewardess here you be , Mr. babbage . Flight time to Tokyo should be about 14 hour today . can I get you anything else ? " babbage " be the Plague in disguise ; he now appear about 60 year old . plague just a pillow please . the pillow slide in behind he head , he reach up to adjust it . plague thank you . a handcuff snap onto he wrist . it 's gill . gill you be welcome . plague what 's go on ? let go of I ! stewardess ! I will never fly this airline again ! ext . new york CITY sidewalk . night . dade and kate be on they date . dade be smartly , somewhat androgynously dress . kate be heavily make up , and yes , she be wear a dress . dade you look good in a dress . kate you would have look better . dade wanna go for a swim ? ext . rooftop swimming pool . dade and kate swim , fully clothed , in a pool on a roof . kate I can not believe they decide you win . dade they do not . the guy feel it be the only way I would get a date . anyway , you be pretty good . you be elite . kate yeah ? you know if you would have say so in the beginning , you would have save yourself a whole lot of trouble . they look out at the skyline . suddenly , the light in three building change . they spell out : C B R a U a N R S D N h kate laugh , honestly impressed . dade beat that ! kate continue laugh . dade you know , I have be have this really weird .. kate ( finish he sentence ) dream ? they kiss passionately . the end