hail , cesar ! written by Joel coen & ethan coen copyright '' 2014 white shoot : October 13th , 2014 blue revision : January 5th , 2015 fade in SOUND int . confessional - night distant , beautiful voice male voice . a gregorian chant . we fade in on a crucifix in the apse of the church : a suffer Christ . we cut to a close shot of a small silver cross on a rosary . the rosary be hold in a man 's lap next to a mouse - grey fedora . the light be dim . as we hear a panel slide , more light wipe onto the rosary bead . wider on the man wait in the confessional : middle - age , tired . voice Son , it be so late . man yeah , Father , work have just be ... voice you work too hard . man Nah , I be just ... keepin the place goin 's . anyhow , bless I , Father , for I have sin . it 's be uh , twenty - four hour since my last confession . I , uh ... voice yes my son . man I lie to connie . uh , to my wife . voice this be very serious . man I know ! I promise she I would quit smoking . she think it 's bad for I . and I be try , but ... well , I snuck a couple of cigarettes ... maybe three . voice yes . man it 's hard . voice yes , my son . man — but I be try . a clap of thunder . ext . spanish house - night house at night we be look , through the rain - pelt windshield of a park car , at a small , Spanish - style bungalow . the rattle of drive rain do not quite cover the sound of drunken female laughter . there be occasional flash of lightning outside , and occasional flash of strobe light in the window of the house . Inside we surveilling car a wrist roll over to show a watch face , streak with the shadow of drip rain : 5:00 o'clock . a voice - over begin , authoritatively omniscient — or maybe it only sound so because it be british - accented : voice -over it be 5:00 a.m . the sun be soon to rise . but for Eddie mannix the day have already begin . we car 's driver , Eddie mannix — the man we see confess — look up from he watch to the house . voice -over ( cont ’d ) the movie studio for which he work manufacture storey — each its own daylit drama , or moonlit dream . flash of lightning , crash of thunder , another bout of laughter from the house . Eddie mannix reach for he door . outside Eddie mannix emerge from he car — a Packard mark the period as circa 1950 . Eddie pull down he hat brim , turn up he collar , and dig hand into coat pocket as he stride through the rain . the strobe light flash inside the house . the laughter grow louder as we approach . Eddie mannix hesitates only momentarily at the front door . he test the knob : unlock ; turn it , enter . voice -over ( cont ’d ) but the work of Eddie mannix care not for day or night ... and care little for he rest . int . spanish house - night on Eddie mannix at the open door , rain drip from he fedora , thunder crash behind he . his eye narrow in distaste . in the live room a giggle blonde in a milkmaid 's dirndl with overload bodice bend over a butter-churn . a man with he back to we be peer through a box camera . man that 's right , darlin’ , a little lower ... the giggle girl see Eddie mannix and stop churn . gloria oh , fer—ecce homo ! you , here ?! the photographer turn to face Eddie : a tall weedy - look man with a thin mustache . a sheen of sweat on he brow and upper lip . eddie the studio have a right to gloria 's likeness , falco . gimme the negative and thing 's 1ll go easier . falco you get it all wrong , Eddie ! this be f’private use ! Eddie mannix stride to the camera , pop its back , and pull out a length of film . falco ( cont 'd ) hey ! we hear approach siren . falco react , bolt for the back door . gloria can not a girl take a few pitchas , have a few laugh ? cheez , Eddie , what a old stick - in- the-mud ! she giggle . whap ! he slap she . she look at he , stunne , then start weep . he slap she again . outside the siren wind down and we hear car door open . eddie now you listen to I . you be at a party , you have too much to drink , somebody bring you here , you do not remember who . you be go home now and you name be Mary jo scheinbrotte . she blubber : gloria okay , Eddie . the front door open and two uniform cop enter . cop one hello , mannix , see you heap outside . cop two get a call . loud , disorderly ... he look around , sniff . .+. possible french postcard situation . eddie someone be pull you leg . Mary jo here be just at a costume party . it 's not really she dirndl . he fish a wad from he pocket and peel off some bill . -.. she want to contribute something to you pension fund . sorry to drag you out in the rain . cop one well , say , no trouble at all . cop two be look hard at the girl . cop two be not you gloria delamour ? gloria no no , I be Mary jo ... somethin’ . eddie scheinbrotte . look , Brian ... Eddie hesitates , look at one of the cop who be smoking . we hear , distantly but grow louder , a deep thumping sound . eddie ( cont 'd ) can I , uh ... bum a cigarette ? the thumping sound have grow closer : the tramp of many march foot . a fanfare on ancient horn as we cut to : ext . the old appian way - day down the road a Roman legion march in brilliant technicolor , the sound of its stamp foot bridge the cut . cypress tree , regularly plant , stretch along either side of the road to the horizon . the title of the movie fade into superimposition : hail , cesar ! a Tale of the Christ the same voice that start the movie now intone : voice -over ancient Rome ! twelve year into the rule of tiberius , Rome 's legion be master of the world , the stomp of its sandal hear from the iberian peninsula in the west through the hall of the great library of Alexandria in the east ! ( more ) voice - over ( cont 'd ) as oppress people everywhere writhe under the Roman lash ... the regularly form legion in the van now give way to the slave be whipped along in the rear : .-.- master and slave , freeman and vassal , be united in one compulsory worship : the emperor , Cesar , be godhead — lord of every man 's body and spirit ! for that who will not submit , the galley , the arena , even crucifixion await ! but there be a new wind , blow from the east , from the dusty street of bethlehem , that will soon challenge the vast house of cesar— that edifice wringht of brick and blood which now seem so secure ! a chariot roll into the foreground . its driver be a muscular campaign - harden man with Roman bang . beneath he copper breastplate he glisten with manly sweat . he wear a helmet top by a bright red mohawk bristle , something like a upside - down floorwaxer . he be autolochus antoninus . he gaze off and smile . another man gallop up on horseback and rein in next to he . this be gracchus gregorius , and he too wear the floorwaxing headwear of the Roman tribune . autolochus there she be , gracchus . and ah , what a beauty ! gracchus aye , autolochus ! Rome ! suckle by a she-wolf and nurture we she son in turn . autolochus tonight I bathe in caracalla , and wash away the dust of three hundred mile of frankish road ! to Rome ! to Rome ! as he whip the chariot horse into motion we pan off to reveal the hilltop view of Rome before which the weary tribune have halt . voice - over yes , to Rome ! glorious center of Cesar 's rule ! ext . palestine - night a rutte rural road . a man in sandal and simple peasant garb and use a gnarled walk staff walk through rain , thunder and lightning . voice -over but far away , in Palestine ... int . screening room - day we be pan off the image to reveal that we have be look at a screen in a small screen room . voice -over ++. another man be come home . saul , humble merchant of tarsus , be about to be strike down by a vision . the continue pan bring we onto the screen room 's one occupant , Eddie mannix . after a quick furtive look around — meaningless since he be alone —he take a cigarette from the ashtray next to he and sneak a puff . saul ( off ) ( quavering ) what thing be this ? ext . capitol backlot - day Eddie mannix stride across the great studio backlot where technician mill and actor dress in the wardrobe of different age and genre lounge . his secretary Natalie follow at he elbow , struggle to keep up as she consult a notepad : natalie — and gloria delamour have be check into we Lady of perpetual Rest to dry out . you have a 10:00 a.m. with monsignor o’reilly at the wallace beery Conference room . he 's bring lester silkwood from the legion of Catholic decency and we have also invite patriarch vlassos for the Eastern view . eddie they have read the script ? natalie Roger . eddie let 's also invite a rabbi , and a Protestant padre of some sort so we can get everybody 's two cent . natalie check . eddie how 's production on '' tucumcari ! '' ? natalie principal be on schedule but second unit have be idle in Gallup , New Mexico for four day . heavy rain . eddie forecast ? natalie not good . eddie hnn . send a insert truck and have ‘em shoot drive plate for '' come the rain . '' natalie check . eddie '' jonah 's daughter '' still behind ? natalie yes , director say the problem be deeanna and she 's get worse . eddie I know what it be , I 'il drop in on she after my ten o'clock . ( pull back he sleeve to look at he watch ) all right , let 's call New York . int . eddie 's office - day Eddie be on the phone . voice Nick schenk 's office . eddie hi , dorothy , Eddie mannix . the old man in ? voice hi , Mr. mannix , I will check . Eddie raise he voice : eddie Natalie , I want the box office on '' the debonaire '' and on '' bless event . '' can you also — hastily into the phone : eddie ( cont 'd ) — y yes , good morning Mr. schenk ... very well , thank you . proceed ... proceed ... '' merrily we dance '' start shoot today . beardley auberon give we a draft that 's extremely classy . Joan Van vechten be play dierdre , but we need a male lead and we need he now ... no , Jack hogarth be drying out at cedar ... Metro will not lend we gable unless we give they the comiskey twin ... of course not , I agree ... swell idea but he 's wait out a divorce in reno ... whuh — hobie doyle ?! do you really think so ? after all he ’s—he 's a dust actor ! the man barely know how to ... talk !... yes , of course , Mr. schenk , I agree , but I do not know if hobie doyle , if he have the uh the uh the uh poise in a dinner jacket ... yes , we do need someone pronto ... no I do not . that 's very true . let I talk to laurence laurentz , the director . it could work . hobie be a very promise idea . ext . western landscape a boulder it be a great big boulder . 10 . a beard -stubble cowboy rise from behind its cover to fire he six -shooter . he himself be immediately shot : he grimace and release he gun which swivel around he trigger - finger , as he stagger — and drop . he who just shot he : hobie doyle , in white western wear . eye narrow , he gauge the effect of he shot , then react to the sound of retreate hoofbeat . the other bad man be racing off , fire wildly back in he direction . hobie adroitly twirl and holster he gun . hobie whitey ! the white horse placidly cropping the grass several yard away flick its ear and look over . it nicker and shuffles to face away from hobie as he run to it . he vault its rump and man and animal be off . hobie riding . a mount bad man fall in behind he — a bushwack . this pursuer begin to fire . hobie rock forward on whitey , low to he neck . he reach down to grab the saddle , one hand on either side . he push himself up into a handstand atop the racing horse . a oncoming tree limb hook he knee and he swing up and around as he horse race on unrider . when he loop back around the tree limb he six - shooter be at the ready and he fire on the swing at the oncoming horseman . the bad man clutches he chest and fall from he horse as hobie swing up again . hobie use he upward inertia to gracefully execute a trapeze - artist dismount from the branch . his drop toward the ground be neatly intercept by the bad man 's gallop horse , hobie plop into its saddle . he rein in the snort beast and as it rear he fire he six - shooter into the air in a expression of pure brio . he then twirl and holster he gun , calm the horse with a pat on the neck , and leap aground . he clap dust from he yoke white shirt . megaphone voice and cut . a man in sunglass rise from a canvas chair next to a camera attend by man in crease hoist - up pants and white shirt and tie . director great , hobie . hobie I kin do the handstand smoother if ya gimme another shot atter . director we have get four good one hobie , and whitey be tired . a assistant trot up to hobie with a small tin . hobie take it and load a chew into one cheek . hobie okay , you be the bossman . if that 's lunch ammo grab I a plate a bean . assistant hobie , the studio want you to escort carlotta valdez to you premier tonight . hobie but she war not in the pitcher . assistant well that 's what they want . hobie but she war not in the pitcher . assistant well , it 's some publicity thing . hobie ah do not git it . assistant well , the studio say you be bring carlotta valdez . you be she escort . hobie but she 's carlotta valdez . hit do not make sense . she war not in the pitcher . assistant who be in the picture ? hobie think . hobie whitey . 12 . assistant well Eddie mannix say you be escort carlotta valdez . guess they be change you image . int . courtyard of sestimus amydias —- day roman they sit in the courtyard of a Roman villa — several togae senator and they robe wife — on chair carve of cedar and drape with fine silk . incongruous entrance : a man in sunglass wear a white open-necked shirt . he look here and there . he raise a megaphone . 1st a.d . all right , kid , it 's Rome , you be over at this guy 's house for a revel , and here come antoninus . lllot of energy ! voice Roll ‘em . a short , togae extra hold a lyre lurk by a tabletop on which sit platter of succulent feasting , and one goblet . a furtive look around . a.c. voice camera speed . boom voice sound speed . the extra produce a cellophane packet from the fold of he toga . after another quick glance around he open the packet 's flap and tap its powdery content into the goblet . he hastily crumple the packet and exchange a significant look with : another extra , hold a turkey leg nearby . this man be bald with fringe hair upcomb to make corner hair-vee . the first extra be startle by : 1st a.d. what be you do at the table of viand ?! 13 . extra ++. huh ? 1st a.d . you be suppose to be recline , with the lyre ! extra yeah , sorry , I uh — 1st a.d. recline with the lyre ! extra yes , sir . voice we set there ? background set ? 1st a.d . do not sit on the pediment ! recline ! relaxed , festive ! extra yes sir . 1st a.d. ( project ) set ! ( narrow he eye and point at the extra now recline , hiss as he leave ) I get my eye on you . voice Fountain ! Water start to gurgle as the courtyard fountain come to life . voice ( cont 'd ) background ! the extras talk among themselves in pantomime , display Roman gaiety and deep involvement in they silent conversation . some sip at goblet , some nibble at rich comestible . occasionally , a guest tip he head back for a peal of silent laughter . we extra strum he lyre not in pantomime but sounding it , the same arpeggio , over and over again , separate by the same beat of silence . 14 . director and action ! autolochus stride in . a senator rise to greet he . senator autolochus ! I have hear rumor of you return to Rome ! we be close on the recline extra with the lyre . autolochus , stand before he , be only a pair of foreground foot in sandal with leather lace - up twine the calve . the leather creak as he talk : autolochus more than rumor , noble sestimus ! the recline extra look steeply up at autolochus . his point - of -view show autolochus mostly backlit ; we see off the set and up into the green . autolochus , with great aplomb , swipe the goblet from the table . I see that you be the same worshipper of bacchus . what gaiety ! there be still truth in the adage , '' what pleasure cannot be find in the villa of sestimus amydias , can not be find in Rome ! '' ( bring the goblet to he lip but stop with a think ) but seriously . there be talk that the Senate will send we legion out again — and this time not on a short march to Gaul . what truth to this muttering , sestimus ? the recline extra and the extra with the turkey leg exchange a worried look . sestimus the matter be to be take up in the Senate . it seem that there be unrest in Palestine . autolochus Palestine ! that backwater ! they 'il hardly be send the Sixth legion to that godforsake patch of desert ! 15 . hearty male laughter . autolochus end he laugh and raise the goblet to he lip . just before drink — he be take by another gust of laughter . the two extras exchange a look . the recline extra hug he lyre and worriedly arpeggiate . when autolochus 's second access of laughter peter out he raise the goblet again — and now take a long draught . director holding for a dissolve ... still laugh ... hold ... and ... cut . autolochus lower the goblet , panting , and wipe meadfoam from he mouth with a armful of sleeve . the extras too relax . the director enter : Sam stampfel , of manly middle - age . stampfel Fine , boy , that be fine . we will move on to the brasier scene . autolochus yeah ? be I okay on '' what truth to this muttering ? '' I feel a little — stampfel Nah , fine , we move on . brasier scene , twenty minute . autolochus pop over to my dress room . ( to script supervisor ) get the page for the brasier scene ? the script supervisor point to a spot on the page as he hand it over . script supervisor they change '' passion '' to '' ardor . '' autolochus what ? I like passion . it 's strong . '' Passion . '' the script supervisor shrug a what - can-i - tell - you ? autolochus wander off , mutter : 16 . autolochus ( cont ’d ) not so , ursulina ... my ardor be yet as warm as the ember of this brasier ... the extra with the lyre exchange another look with the bald extra . he indicate with a jerk of the head that they should follow autolochus who , as he examine he script , be crossing the long dark expanse of soundstage , toward a distant glow exit sign . ext . capitol backlot - day outside now , the short extra cautiously lean and crane to peek around a soundstage corner . the bald extra be next to he . his point- of-view : huge stucco soundstage range into the distance . the only person about be a small recede autolochus antoninus , he sandal scuffing the road and sword bang he thigh as he walk . he still look at the script ; we hear he distant mutter : autolochus such be my greeting after three month 's sojourn in Gaul ?... not so , ursulina ... my ardor be yet as warm - he stop momentarily , sway . he extend a hand to steady himself against the exterior wall of a soundstage . after a moment , he move on , somewhat uncertainly . ext . baird 's dressing room —- day a STAR on a dressing room door a slow pull back reveal the name above the star : baird whitlock . muffled , from within , we hear autolochus / baird whitlock : baird not so , ursulina . my ardor be yet as warm as the ember of this brasier ... the ember of thish brasier ... goddamn , that 's tough . yet as warm as the embersh of this brasier ... not so , urshulina ... the continue pull back reveal the two extras stand either side of the door . the bald one nod at the short one . 17 . at the nod , the short extra knock . short extra they be ready for you , Mr. whitlock . the two man stand tense . after a short beat of clomping inside , the door swing slowly up . baird stand , sway , give the two man a glassy stare . baird ( slur ) not so , ursulina — he pitch forward into the ready arm of the togae man . int . capitol conference room - day Eddie mannix stroll and speak . his audience be a four - person convocation of clergy sport different hat , cap , robe , beard . eddie gentlemen , thank you all for come . I know you have parish , flock and temple make enormous demand on you time . but I be sure you appreciate also that great mass of humanity look to picture for information and uplift and , yes , entertainment . now here at Capitol picture , as you know , a army of technician and actor and top-notch artistic people be work hard to bring to the screen the story of the Christ . it 's a swell story — a story tell before , yes , but we like to flatter ourselves that it 's never be tell with this kind of distinction and panache . eastern orthodox patriarch perhaps , sir , you forget its tell in the holy Bible . a wry smile from Eddie mannix . eddie quite right , padre . the Bible of course be terrific . ( more ) eddie ( cont 'd ) but for million of people , picture will be they reference point for the story — the story 's embodiment ... ( grop ) the story 's ... minister realization . Eddie point a aim finger at the Minister , salute he choice of word . eddie realization . rabbi you '' realize , '' of course , that for we Jews , any visual depiction of the godhead be most strictly prohibit . eddie ( dismay ) oh. rabbi but of course , for we , the man Jesus nazarene be not God . eddie ( brighten ) ah-ha . minister who play Christ ? eddie a kid we be all very excited about , Todd hocheiser , wonderful young actor we find in akron , Ohio , in a nationwide talent hunt . but hocheiser be see only fleetingly , and with extreme taste ; we story be tell through the eye of a Roman tribune , autolochus antoninus , a ordinary man skeptical at first but who come to a grudge respect for this swell figure from the East . and autolochus be play by ... he permit himself a satisfied smile . «+. baird whitlock . 19 . murmur of appreciation from the assemble and one low '' that 's -someth '' whistle . rabbi well , he be certainly a great talent . eddie now hail , Cesar ! be a prestige picture , we biggest release of the year , and we be devote huge resource to its production in order to make it first - class in every respect . gentlemen , give its enormous expense , we do not want to send it to market except in the certainty that it will not offend any reasonable american , regardless of faith or creed . now that 's where you come in . you have read the script ; I wanna know if the theological element of the story be up to snuff . patriarch I think the chariot scene be fakey . how be he go to jump from one chariot to the other , go full speed ? a freeze beat as Eddie frame a answer . eddie uh-huh , well , we can look at that . but as for the , uh , religious aspect — do the depiction of Christ Jesus cut the mustard ? priest the nature of the Christ be not quite as simple as you photoplay would have it . eddie how so , Father ? father well , it be not the case simply that Christ be God , or God Christ . rabbi you can say that again ! the nazarene be not God ! 20 . patriarch he be not not - God . rabbi he be a man ! minister part God . rabbi nossir ! eddie but rabbi , we all have a little bit of God in we do not we ? rabbi well ... priest it be the foundation of we belief that God be tri-partite . eddie Father , Son , Holy ghost . priest and Christ be most properly refer to as the Son of God . it be the son of God who take the sin of the world upon himself so that the rest of God 's child , we imperfect being , through faith , may enter the kingdom of heaven . eddie so God be ... split ? priest yes . Eddie nod . .-. and no ! Eddie frown . patriarch there be unity in division . minister and division in unity . eddie not sure I follow , padre . 21 . rabbi Young man , you do not follow for a very simple reason : this man be screwball . ( to the other ) God have child ? what , and a dog ? a collie maybe ? God do not have child . he 's a bachelor . and very angry . priest he use to be angry ! rabbi what , he get over it ? minister you worship the god of another age ! priest who have no love ! rabbi not true ! he like Jews . minister God love everyone ! priest God be love . patriarch God be who be . rabbi this be special ? who be not who be ? priest but how should God be render in a motion picture ? rabbi God be not in the motion picture ! minister then who be Todd hocheiser ? eddie gentlemen , maybe we be bite off more than we can chew . ( more ) eddie ( cont 'd ) we do not need to agree on the nature of the deity : if we can focus on the Christ , whatever he , uh , parentage . my question be : be we depiction fair ? patriarch I have see worse . eddie so I can put you in the plus column , patriarch ? the patriarch give a muse nod . Eddie turn to the minister . ... reverend ? minister there be nothing to offend a reasonable man . eddie Father ? priest the motion picture teleplay be respectful and exhibit tastefulness and class . rabbi who make you a expert all of a sudden ? Eddie turn to the rabbi . eddie «+ . and what do you think , rabbi ? the rabbi shrug and affect mildness . rabbi eh. I have not a opinion . ext . conference room door - day Eddie mannix emerge , dabbing at sweat . natalie how would we do ? 23 . eddie mm. what 's up ? natalie can not find baird whitlock . he leave the set over a hour ago , say he be go to he dress room but he be not there . eddie out on a bender ? be I crazy , middle of the day ? natalie you be not crazy , but no . I check the til two , Dan Tana 's , rusty scupper . no soap . eddie Home , maybe ? call he wife ? natalie yep . eddie what have Laura say ? natalie he 's not home , he 's never home , he 's a louse , try one of he chippy . eddie call that script girl , what 's she name — francie ? natalie check . eddie any of the gal miss from the set ? natalie nope . eddie well ... ( look at he watch ) go a hour ? we will not worry yet . 24 . int . linen truck - day black baird whitlock 's head loll in the foreground , waggling with the motion of the vehicle . his body —he be still in wardrobe , leather skirt and a breastplate over he white tunic — stretch away into the background : he be laid out , unconscious , on a paddy - wagon style bench . at the end of the bench in the background we see , cropped and soft , a goon ina double - breast suit , he forearm on he knee , smoking . ext . hollywood blvd - day the STREET Hollywood boulevard . the truck roar by . its panele side say '' Al 's linen . '' ext . studio gate - day hobie doyle be pull up in a chauffeure car . the guard look in the back window and be surprised to see the western star . guard how ya do , hobie . hobie lo there , scotty . guard they get you shoot on the lot ? hobie wul , Mr. mannix pull I off the western , say I be doin 's a movie on a soundstage . they build a draw room . guard ya do not say . int . stage / tank - day under water a bathing beauty in a sequine mermaid suit swim free- armed but wriggle - tail , constrain by she fake nether - part . from we underwater perspective we hear burbling music . 25 . after a beat of she swim solo many body shoot down into the water to join the mermaid , enter foreground and background in headfirst dive that leave bubble - trail . the beauty swim loop and then wave themselves back up toward the surface , smile . but the mermaid remain . she approach a foreground sink treasure chest . atop its gold coin sit a silver crown which the mermaid seem to recognize as she own . she reach for it , smile - but as she do so a shadow travel over she , near - to - deep . and then great jaw hinge close behind she , capture she - and the lens - in the black belly of a whale . we linger in black . Water surface slowly emerge from the black : we be high above the water now , look straight down . with we change in perspective the music now blare undistorted . in the tank below we the bathing beauty spin in a formation that go through constant kaleidoscopic change . in the center of the circle form by the beauty a dark shape begin to resolve itself : something be surfacing amid the girl . it be the whale . as it breach amid the swimmer its blowhole , directly beneath the lens , spout . jetting water rise toward we . something else be rise , borne up by the jetting water : a sundae - cup coach of sort . in it ride the mermaid , triumphantly ascend . her ascent end high , high , high above the tank . the spout water recede but she sundae cup remain magically suspend in air . she open the cup 's gate - door and look down at the water , far , far below . as a drum roll build she prepare to dive . and do dive . she splashes into the water and be lose from view . a suspenseful hold , on nothing . and now she emerge from the water , rise again , now ona pedestal and now wear she silver crown , recover in what offscreen neptunian rite who can say . the mermaid be proud of herself , proud of she crown , proud of she bathing - beauty minion - but then pride evaporate . some internal struggle . she seem to be get angry . 26 . she yank off the crown and toss it away , squalling : mermaid wardrobe ! the music slow to sludge and stop . the mermaid flop into the water and splashes awkwardly toward the side of the tank , she fluke spanking the surface as cow bathing beauty make way and a off-mike voice yell '' cut ! '' int . stage - day close on mermaid a minute later : she be lean back on a canvas chair , she face set in a grimace , a gurgle of effort building in she throat . two man behind hold she in place , each with a arm looped over she shoulder and under a armpit . after a long strain moment : mermaid gah ! with she cry there be a rubbery thwop -sound of suction give way , and we cut to the reverse : a stagehand stagger back , hold the now freed bottom half of she scaly mermaid outfit . he tip it backfin-upward and a little water dribble out . the mermaid be now wear scaly top-half of she outfit only . come from beneath it , below she waist , be a conventional catalina swimsuit . she feel tenderly at she stomach as a assistant director enter . a.d. Gas again , mar ’am ? mermaid ma ‘am ? miss ? be I marry ? a.d . no miss . 27 . mermaid no. yeah , sure , gas again . ( Eddie approach ; she indicate he ) ask he , he know . okay , scram . eddie how be you , deeanna ? deeanna how be i. wet . and I do not think I 's will fit in the fish - ass after this week . eddie well , we should have the water ballet in the can after tomorrow ; in the nightclub scene wardrobe ' 's 11 have a gown for you that 's more ... forgive . um ... any more thought about who you might marry ? deeanna hah ! ai not doin ' that again ! I have two marriage , and it just cost the studio a lotta money to bust ’em up . eddie well we have to have that anull — one be to a minor mob figure and — deeanna Vince be not minor ! eddie and buddy Flynn be a bandleader with a long history of narcotic use . deeanna yeah yeah , they be both louse , yes , and that 's what I be sayin’ . a third louse be not gonnna do I no good . eddie we have offer you some very suitable , clean young man . deeanna pretty boy , sap , and swishes ! you think if there be some good steady reliable man I wouldna grab he ? 28 . eddie i '' well , what about arne seslum ? he be the father , be not he ? deeanna yeah yeah . eddie the marriage do not have to last forever . but , deeanna , have a child without a father would present a public relation problem for the studio . the aquatic picture do very nicely for we , and — deeanna so you strap on the fish -ass and marry arne seslum ! eddie the picture do well for all of we . and it 's a tribute to you : the public love you because they know how innocent you be . let I see if arne be open to , um ... matrimony . you be sure he 's the father ? deeanna yeah yeah . absolutely . he 's the father , yeah . pretty sure . Eddie have be nodd and make to withdraw . the last sentence give he pause but deeanna , ready to get back to work , project : «+. okay maxie , bring I my ass back ! ext . coast highway - day the '' Al 's line 's '' truck rattles by . we hear the crash of surf . up ahead , on the right side of the road be a weathered sign for '' rudy 's Fish shack — 500 yard . '' just before the sign be a turn - off to the leave , onto a unpave and rutte road . the truck make the leave turn . 29 . int . stage / drawing room - day people in formal - wear lounge , chat . hobie doyle enter stiffly in a tuxedo . he tug at he collar . a distinguished - look man , middle - age , well dress but not in wardrobe , hasten to greet hobie . he be the director , laurence laurentz . laurence laurentz my dear boy , you look wonderful , how do you feel ? hobie well this here collar be a little tight . laurence laurentz no no , nicely fit , look a marvel , just take a little get use to . now you enter here , hobie , have just see biff 's valise in the foyer — in spite of allegra 's claim that he have not be to the house . hobie I be sweet on allegra . laurence laurentz indeed you be . hobie but I see biff 's grip . laurence laurentz indeed you have . and so here we find you haunt by unspoken suspicion . hobie haunted . by biff 's grip . laurence laurentz by he valise , yes , but then here be dierdre , ( indicate actress on couch who coldly examine hobie — a veteran with no patience for the rookie ) «+. harbor deep feeling for you , and sense opportunity . 30 . hobie dierdre . laurence laurentz dierdre , yes . so at she importune , you join she on the couch , and conversation ensue . hobie be concerned . hobie ( troubled ) so now she 's gonna importune , Mr. laurence ? laurence laurentz laurentz . hobie oh , I be sorry . she 's gonna importune ? be that somethin’ I should , uh , be concerned about — laurence laurentz she will simply ask you to join she on the couch , be all I mean to say , and conversation ensue . hobie okay , I gotcha . laurence laurentz very good , very good , let 's try one shall we ? hobie sure , I will give she a go . laurence laurentz wonderful , splendid . ( turn away but turn back with a think ) the only thing I would suggest be , before you first line , you respond to she line with a mirthless chuckle . hobie a mirthless chuckle . laurence laurentz yes , give you unspoken suspicion about allegra , a mirthless chuckle . 31 . hobie okay , Mr. laurence , I will give it a — laurence laurentz laurentz . hobie oh , gosh , I be sorry , Mr. laurentz . I all give it a shot . through film a clapper- boy id 's and whacks a slate on '' merrily we dance . '' laurence laurentz 's voice call '' action ! '' that assemble in the parlor come to life in a pantomime of civilized conviviality , chat and laugh . hobie enter , a uneasy backward glance refer perhaps to the unseen grip . dierdre oh , monty ! come join I on the divan ! briefest who -me confusion from hobie . with a quick recovery he manage a fairly casual saunter to the couch where he plant himself — not close to dierdre . she slide over to close the gap between they , and she be now all warmth and sympathy . her voice be musical and upper-crust : dierdre ( cont 'd ) it seem allegra 's a no-show , which be simply a bore , but I can partner you in bridge . ( reacting to he ) why the pout ? gazing at the floor , hobie give a short loud laugh that sound like a heimlich - expulsion . a flinch from the actress . hobie 's grin abruptly drop , and , still gaze at the floor : hobie would that it be sooooo ... simple . a beat , the actress look at he , hobie look at the floor . the beat grow longer ... longer ... Voice of laurence laurentz : '' cut ! '' 32 . we cut to laurence laurentz sit in he director 's chair , mouth slightly open , stare without expression as he try to frame he note . he abruptly rise and walk into the set to join hobie . laurence laurentz very good — wonderful in fact . but let 's try it a little differently this time — hobie sure . laurence laurentz — let 's try , well let 's see , first of all why do not we dispense with the mirthless chuckle . hobie no mirthless chuckle . laurence laurentz no , no need , really — it be a bad idea , bad directorial — my fault , overthink the thing . hobie well if you say so , but I be happy to do another — maybe try she one more time — I mean if you want that chuckle I sure wanna give she to ya — laurence laurentz no no no , completely unnecessary under the circumstance , I think the audience can to that extent read you thought , and will assume you mirthlessness . hobie okay , you be the bossman , Mr. laurence . laurence laurentz laurentz . hobie oh , gosh , I be sorry , Mr. laurentz — 33 . laurence laurentz also , let 's try , this time , actually look at dierdre as we speak , look into she eye , and speak we line with a certain ... ruefulness . hobie nod agreement . hobie ruefulness , okay . laurence laurentz yes . because it 's not so simple . not so simple as she suggest . hobie okay . laurence laurentz you feeling be not so simple . hobie nawsir . okay . laurence laurentz splendid . through film a clapper- boy id 's and whacks a slate on '' merrily we dance '' identify the scene number and take 2 . laurence laurentz 's voice call '' action ! '' that assemble in the parlor come to life in a pantomime of civilized conviviality , chat and laugh . hobie enter . dierdre oh , monty ! come join I on the divan ! smoothly this time , hobie join she on the sofa . when he sit he be still not close ; she slide to he . the same music in she intonation : dierdre ( cont 'd ) it seem allegra 's a no-show , which be simply a bore , but I can partner you in bridge . ( reacting to he ) why the pout ? 34 . hobie look at she , somewhat shifty - eye , not comfortable with the eye contact . hobie ( rueful ) would that ? ( slight beat ; sad head - shake ) it be soooo ... simple . Voice of laurence laurentz : '' cut ! '' hobie look hopefully to the approach laurence laurentz . the director , feel he look , put on a smile . laurence laurentz good , very good . wonderful , in fact . let 's try , this time ... he ball a fist and bring it to he mouth and stare at the floor , think . hobie wait , gaze up at he . at length : laurence laurentz ( cont ’d ) all right , let 's try this , you line , just say it as I say it , say you line exactly as I be about to . just as I be about to do . hobie sure , okay . beat to focus attention , and then : laurence laurentz ( rueful , and british - accented ) would that it ’were so simple . hobie would that ih twuuuuuuh , so simple . laurence laurentz stare at he . laurence laurentz my dear boy , why do you say that — why do you say , '' twuuuuuh '' ? hobie well you say , say it like I say it . 35 . laurence laurentz yes but — hobie would that it twuuuuuuh , so simple . laurence laurentz would that it ’were so simple . hobie would that ih twuuuuuh , so simple . laurence laurentz would that it ’were so simple . hobie okay , I be tryin to do that , Mr. laurentz — laurence laurentz laurence . hobie I think —um , a minute ago it be laurentz — laurence laurentz we can use Christian name , my good dear boy . laurence be fine — hobie okay . laurence laurentz — yust as I call you hobie . so , '' would that it 's be so simple . '' trippingly . hobie would that it twuuuuh — laurence laurentz you seem to be linger , it 's interminable — hobie oh gosh . laurence laurentz — I be wonder when it 'il end , the '' be , '' and we should not have to wonder , should we , we should be march right along to '' so simple '' ! 36 . hobie would that ih ... ( after hesitate , rush ) twersasimple . twersasimple . laurence laurentz would that it be so simple . not '' simple ! '' just ... ( relaxed ) simmple . hobie simmmple . simmmple . gosh , I can not seem to cinch m’saddle up on this 'o , Larry — laurence laurentz Larry ! good God , Christian name , yes , but not Larry . ext . / int . malibu house - day from a high bluff we be look down into a hide box cove of the Pacific Ocean , rugge and secluded . surf pound into the tooth of jag rock just offshore . nestled in the canyon just above the cove 's tiny beach be a modernist octahedral beach house . the '' Al 's line 's '' truck be park where the beach road end just in front of the house . the goon from inside the truck now have baird whitlock in a fireman 's carry , take he to the house 's front door . we jump down close — the surf louder here — as the goon knock . the knock bring furious dog - yapping from inside the house . we be close on baird 's head upside - down against the big man 's back . just past the two man the door swing open , and as the big man step in he turn to negotiate baird 's body through the doorway , baird 's sandale leg sweeping toward we . there be two man wait inside . the one at the door be middle - age , with sad eye : he be John Howard herman . the deeper man be the room be heavy - set , and in a cheap suit not freshly press . near he , a springer spaniel frantically spin in place yapping , excited to have visitor . man quiet , engel ! 37 . when the goon have pass with he Roman cargo the sad-ey John Howard herman swing the door toward we , fill the lens . int . eddie 's office - day on the other side of Eddie 's desk be producer Walt dubrow . dubrow stall ?! for how long ? what do I tell the director ? eddie that we be look for he . but we do not want it in the gossip column — baird on a bender or ina love nest or wherever we end up find he . as far as the set be concerned it 's business as usual . tell the a.d. baird be out briefly with a high ankle sprain . dubrow Fine , but what do we shoot without he ? we get the brasier scene up this afternoon . eddie could you get through it shoot around he ? — maybe use he stunt double , chunk mulligan . dubrow chunk can not act . eddie get the writer to trim he speech . dubrow well , maybe , but then what ? all we get leave be the final scene — autolochus 's speech at the foot of the penitent thief . Eddie grimace . eddie uh-huh . dubrow it 's the emotional climax of the entire picture ! ( more ) 38 . dubrow ( cont 'd ) we have to see that autolochus have absorb the message of the Christ ! eddie yeah , I can see that . dubrow we need baird 's star power , he charisma . a wave of Eddie 's hand communicate the ineffable : eddie sure , he emotional , uh — dubrow this can not be fake ! this be the heart and soul of the picture ! eddie I understand — dubrow end of the movie , we can not give that speech to some — some — some Roman schmoe ! eddie yeah , yeah I get it . but he bender can last a day or two — what do it cost to shut down ? dubrow plenty . you know how big the picture be , we be on stage 5 and 14 , if we be carry everybody in the last scene who 's up on crucifix that 's three - forty a hour hardship pay eight hour minimum — eddie yeah yeah . ( he phone buzze ; he punch the button ) not now . dubrow — not to mention we lose Todd hocheiser to Fox at the end of the week . 39 . eddie shoulda make he exclusive ; who know . ( another buzz from the phone ) not now ! natalie 's voice it 's Mr. laurentz , Mr. mannix ! I can not stop he ! the door burst open and laurence laurentz storm in . Natalie have trail he to the door , where she hover . eddie it 's all right , Natalie . okay Walt , lemme know — laurence laurentz mannix , I will not have it ! for two decade the name '' laurence laurentz '' have mean something to the public ! eddie what 's on you mind , uh ... laurence ? laurence laurentz hobie doyle can not act ! eddie hobart doyle be one of the biggest movie star in the world . laurence laurentz on horseback ! but this be drama , mannix — real drama , a adaptation of a Broadway smash ! it require the skill of a train thespian , not a rodeo clown . I begge you for lunt ! Natalie have be hesitant to butt in : natalie Mr. mannix , I be sorry but — you want I to make sure you do not miss you lunch at the Imperial garden . you never tell I who with . 40 . eddie right . ( look at watch , grimace ) nut . look : no one want to see lunt . we be not recast ; this come from Mr. schenk himself : it 's hobie doyle . be the boy game ? laurence laurentz oh , he 's game . and gamey ! eddie if he need help it 's you job to help he . i’1l have a talk with hobie and take a look at what you have shot — but right now I have get a lunch . int . malibu house - day black the pound of surf fade up , the sound close but somewhat muffle by interior perspective . we be fade up wide on baird whitlock , lie on he back , still unconscious . he lie on a patio chaise lounge make of thin plastic tub stretch across a aluminum frame . we be in a storeroom , the chaise be the room 's only piece of furniture . a muffle ding - do from the front of the house . we hear the springer spaniel , stir by the bell to yapping . with much plastic-squeakg baird roll onto he side and nestle he head into the chaise 's tub - upholstery . in he sleep he murmur : baird what truth to this muttering , sestimus ... he subside to snore . int . malibu house - day MAIN room the sad -ey man , John Howard herman be open the front door to several visitor . the first visitor enter : murmured greeting , solemn handshake . another man , another sober handshake . 41 . then a elderly man in tweed clutching he pipe , the greeting for he especially deferential . then a man with a briefcase ; he set it down so that he may greet by mean of a hug . he pick up the briefcase , make way for the next man . a counter separate the entryway from a small kitchen . in it , the man we see shushing the dog when baird be bring in be carefully cut the crust off of finger sandwich and stack they on a platter . as the dog yap in a frenzy of delight at all the visitor , the man react without look up : man quiet , engel ! int . imperial garden - day a go sting the cut to the interior of this chinese restaurant . Arthur Fung , a grave - look man in a dark suit and conservative tie , greet Eddie mannix . arthur fung how pleasant to see you , Mr. mannix , you table be right over here . eddie thank you , Arthur . they splash through a curtain of bead to approach a booth at which another man sit , a drink with a umbrella before he , a ashtray and a Imperial garden matchbook next to it , a cigarette in he hand . he rise to shake . man how ya do , mannix . eddie Mr. cuddahy . cuddahy mix a hell of a mai-tai . I like this place . the man seat themselves face each other . eddie sorry to keep you hang — it 's a tough decision . 42 . cuddahy nothing to apologize for —we say the offer be on the table for a week . cuddahy have note Eddie eyeing he cigarettes . he pick up the pack and offer with a hitch of the wrist that send four cigarettes nose out of the top of the foil . cuddahy ( cont 'd ) go ahead . eddie Nah , I be ... I have be try to ... cuddahy the deadline be tomorrow , but , frankly , we be surprised not to get a quick yes . I just want to see if there be some impediment we could help with , or if something in the offer be not clear ? eddie the offer 's very clear . and very generous . cuddahy we want to make it easy for you to say yes . look mannix , we need a guy with you talent in management , problem -solve . and you need to think about the future . lockheed be booming — it 's reflect in the offer we make you . everyone be riding in airplane , and we be move into jet airplane . it 's a new age , mannix , and we be part of it ; the industry you be in — what 's the future there ? what happen when everybody own a television set ? will they still be go to picture every week ? eddie well , we — cuddahy I do not mean to denigrate ; I be sure the picture business be pretty damned interesting . but it 's also pretty frivolous , be not it ? Aviation be serious ; serious business , serious people . ( more ) 43 . cuddahy ( cont 'd ) you will not be babysit a bunch of oddball and misfit , shoulder a lot of crackpot problem from people who — eddie look , we have some kook , sure — cuddahy course they be kook , it 's all make - believe ! ( quick grimace and smile ; he lean back ) I tell myself I be not gonna badmouth the competition , and looka I . sorry , mannix , I 'il stick to what we be about . lemme show you something . ( dig in a pocket ) ever hear of the bikini atoll ? eddie what ? cuddahy it be a test site , couple of rock in the South pacific— till a few week ago . then we blow the aitch - erino . not suppose to be tell you this . ( hand Eddie a picture ) the real world . hydrogen bomb . Fusion device . eddie armageddon . cuddahy and lockheed be there . we have a — he cut himself off . a splash of the bead curtain . waitress call for you , Mr. mannix . the waitress , in a red embroider sheath dress , be enter with a telephone . she plug it in . as she lean to set it on the table cuddahy swipe the picture from Eddie 's hand where it be expose to view . eddie thank you ... hello ?... and he have it now ?... no , have he stay on set , I will go to he . ( more ) 44 , eddie ( cont 'd ) ( slam down the phone and rise ) sorry , cuddahy , work emergency . still do work there , for the day anyway . ( grab he hat , call back over he shoulder ) you make a good case . i’1l let you know . int . malibu house - day there be a dull clunk and we be close on baird whitlock , who open he eye . wider : baird in he centurion 's wardrobe recline on the beach chaise . the sound of ocean outside . the clunk have punctuate a ongoing machine - hum which continue , cycle louder and softer , its loudest approach always punctuate by a clunk . the lawn chair make tacky noise as baird disengage from it . he stiffly sit up . he gaze stupidly about , look into the depth of the room : where be I ? he twist to look behind himself , lawn chair crackle , and do a modest take : out the window be the Pacific Ocean . another clunk and recede machine hum . baird register the noise , get to he foot and walk to the door . it be close . he reach for the knob . he try the knob . it turn . he go through the door . int . malibu house - day live room the main room , in which we see baird be bring in and the mysterious visitor enter . it be now empty except for a middle - age woman with a bandana tie aunt - jemima style on she head . she vacuum . each forward pass of the machine end with its clunk against the wall . the woman look up , and show no particular interest in baird despite he breastplate and leather skirt . she turn off the vacuum . woman you one of the Hollywood people ? 45 . baird stare at she , consider all the possible answer . finally : baird ... maybe . woman they be in there . a jerk of she head indicate a hallway . she fire up the machine again . baird look down the hallway . from one of its room , muffle male laughter . he go cautiously down the hall , the vacuum sound fade away , male voice fade up . one door be ajar . baird cautiously bump it open further . another round of laughter be interrupt as all turn to look at the roman-attired man in the doorway . most of the interrupt party be seat ; there be a couple of overflow standee ; several man smoke cigarettes , one smoke a cigar ; the tweedy elderly man be sink back in a easy chair smoking a pipe . the springer spaniel leap and twist and yap , excited by the new arrival . dog shusher quiet , engel ! again , this do nothing to quiet the dog . baird look from man to man . John Howard herman , the man who greet the other arrival at the door , the apparent host , wave baird in . herman please ! enter ! all be welcome ! baird cautiously enter . one man vacate a seat for he . baird cautiously sit . his scabbard catch on the chair arm , prompt chuckle from some of the man . herman ( cont 'd ) that thing be a nuisance ! a nearby man lean over to help he adjust it . baird sit back . baird thank you . uh ... 46 . the man look to he , wait for he to bring out he think . herman help : herman wonder where you be ? baird yeah . the dog have subside and come over to sniff at baird 's sword . herman malibu . we will have sandwich in a minute . tea ? baird .-. tea. well. okay . okay . and ... and — herman and what 's go on ? baird yeah . second man well , we have just read the minute and Allen be about to bring up new business . baird so ... I miss the minute . herman I would not worry about it . third man they be usually pretty boring . baird uh-huh . and — what kind of meeting — exactly — herman well it 's not a '' meeting , '' so much as a , a — what should we say ? benedict it 's a—more of a , a study group . baird and you be study ... ? 47. herman oh , all sort of jolly stuff . third man History . dutch economics . third man same thing , be not it — history , economics ? herman do not you agree ? all be look at baird . baird well ... I be ... I be not really a student of history . int . malibu house - day platter of finger sandwiches someone reach in to take a sandwich off the offer platter . wider : baird sit back with the finger sandwich . it be minute later and the respectful quiet have now give way to the relaxed clatter of people eat , laugh , have side - conversation . baird thank you . so man be ... split ? herman well , man 's function be split . there 's the little guy , the regular Joe , who work for a live . he 's the body , uh , body politic . then there 's the brain — the boss , the owner — second man the boss be not the brain ! angry man no no ! the boss be parasite ! 48 . herman well , it 's true that the boss do not work , but he have a function in the system — baird look from man to man , as at a tennis match . he control the mean of — second man — production , sure , but that 's not a function , that 's , that 's — angry man parasitism ! on the body ! on the body politic ! of the regular Joe ! it 's — a throat clear . everyone instantly quiet . all look to the old man in tweed who be just lowering he pipe . have claim the floor he now speak with non-argumentative authority . marcuse man be unitary — a simple economic agent . man 's institution be split , express contradiction that must be work through . and they be work through in a causative , predictable way : history be science . this be the essence of the dialectic . click ! a sallow thin young man with heavy beard shadow have just snap a picture of baird . a sickly smile at baird and then he turn to face someone else in the room and — click ! — take a picture . herman see , if you understand economics , you can actually write down what will happen in the future , with as much confidence as you write down the history of the past . because it 's science . it 's not make - believe . like Professor marcuse say . there 's no mystery . third man we do not believe in Santa Claus ! hearty guffaw . 49 . click ! the photographer be edging around the group , continue he picture- take . herman another finger sandwich ? more tea ? baird but if I —sure , thank you — if I follow this , correctly , you — ( eye catch by man with camera ) who 's he ? second man Mr. smitrovich take picture for we newsletter . the sallow picture - snapper smile again at baird . marcuse we understanding of the true working of history give we access to the lever of power . you studio , for instance , be a pure instrument of capitalism . as such it express the contradiction of capitalism , and can be enlist to finance its own destruction . herman which be exciting ! it can be make to help the little guy , the regular Joe — angry man the body politic ! herman shutup ! —help the little guy , even though its purpose be to exploit the little guy . baird okay , so you guy be for the little guy . herman well — for the little guy , against — it do not matter , history will be what it will be , and we already know what it will be , but oye , we be for the little guy , be not you ? 50 . baird be you joke ? I , for the little guy ? of course I be for the little guy ! be this guy a comedian ? FOURTH man and you would act . to help the little guy . baird Act ? FOURTH man praxis . baird what ? FOURTH man Act . baird yeah yeah , act yeah , but — sorry fella , this be good stuff , but — I oughta get back to work , they must be goin nut — can we cut it off and pick it up right here at the next study session ? the clatter subside to quiet . cautious look be exchange among the man . herman , gaze at baird and nodd , think , finally frame he open : herman okay , well , see : I be afraid it 's not that simple . as we cut wide on the room , the same voice that narrate the sandal epic '' hail , ceasar ! '' at the beginning of we movie return , distinguished , british - accented , authoritative yet plummily comforting : voice -over and so baird whitlock find himself in the hand of Communists ... herman start to silently explain thing to baird . the scene of cozy bonhomie be frame by the elemental vastness of the ocean outside . 51 . voice -over ( cont ’d ) meanwhile , far from the crash surf of malibu , Eddie mannix , tear from he lunch with the lockheed man ... ext . capitol lot / h.c. stage - day a montage of Eddie , a tiny , solitary figure , stride through the canyon between enormous sand - color soundstage . voice -over -.. hurry back to the vastness of Capitol picture , whose tireless machinery clank on , produce this week 's ration of dream for all the weary people of the world . closer on Eddie as he enter the small door of a soundstage . the light above the door be flash red . int . h.c. stage - day inside high-ceilinged darkness and quiet . a man post at the door hiss at Eddie , enter : man hey , numbskull , do not you see the '' roll '' 1i — oh , I be sorry Mr. mannix . can I help you find someone ? we have be hearing the distant , echoing voice of two actor , a hoarse-voice man and a silken-voice woman . they voice bump up full as we cut to the periphery of the scene be shot around a great flicker brasier . a actor in centurion 's wardrobe identical to baird 's have one hand half - cover he face as the other arm stretch out as if to repel the gaze of a revealingly clad slavegirl . ursulina autolochus ! why do you present yourself in my chamber in such humble fashion ? 52 . chunk mulligan do not look upon I , ursulina . the fire of the brasier of sestimus latterly burn my face , though the unguent of arkimideus promise shortly to undo the damage . in the foreground Eddie lean in to Walt dubrow , watch the scene , and whisper : eddie Walt . dubrow Eddie ! he fish a twice - fold paper from he pocket . Eddie hold it up so that he may read by the flicker gag - light that simulate brasier flame . typewritten : we have you movie star . Gather $ 100,000 and await instruction . who be we ? the future . ursulina you know that my love be for you not for you station , and neither do it care for the transitory blemish that now mark you visage . Eddie give a low whistle at the content of the note . chunk mulligan and my ardor for you be yet as warm as the embersh of thish bra—goddamnit— this brazher . I be sorry , goddamnit . voice cut! ext . h.c. temple set - day outside Eddie and Walt emerge from the soundstage onto a exterior set with thick temple column . 53 . dubrow somebody slip it under my door some time after we break this morning . eddie mention it to anyone ? dubrow nope . Eddie gaze , unsee , down the row of column as two workmen tip the farthest one , strike it . eddie okay , let 's keep it that way . ( realize where he be ) we shot this out ? dubrow Chasing the money - lender from the temple ? yeah , last Friday . Eddie nod , think . eddie what do you think they mean , '' the future '' ? Walt answer with a beat - I shrug and headshake . Eddie gaze back down at the note and mosey off — but turn back with a bright finger - cock at Walt : «+ . chunk sound good in there ! int . eddie 's outer office - day Eddie bang through a door that say : edward mannix head of physical production eddie Natalie , could you please get I stu schwartz , account ? inner office Eddie stride in as the phone on he desk buzze : 54 . natalie 's voice stu schwartz on two . eddie stu , how be you . I need some petty cash ... hundre thousand . I be sorry , do I say '' petty '' ?... with the handset shoulder - clamp to he ear he stoops and pull on attaché case from the legwell of he desk and place it on the desktop and pop the clasp and start empty it . .+. yeah , well it 's a long story and I 'il tell it to ya sometime . you have that much in the office ?... how much space 's 1l that take up ?... okay , this might do it . I will be over in a minute . as soon as he disconnect , Natalie edge into the office . natalie thora thacker just come in , wonder if you have a moment . Eddie wince . eddie thora thacker . tell she I be stick on a call . i’1l leave through the patio . ext . capitol lot - day as Eddie march past the executive office with he emptied attaché case , a tall red-haire woman arc in to march alongside he . he wince . woman call do not take so long , then . eddie yes — no — fast talker . what can I do for you , thora ? thora thacker well , I will be fast too . I only want to notify you as a courtesy that I be run my story on baird whitlock . 55 . eddie yeah ? what story ? thora thacker the story . I have a credible source and I be go to run it , and I think you know what story I mean . eddie I have no idea — there 's nothing go on with baird — I would know , would not I ? thora thacker do not play dumb , Eddie , I be talk about ... ( dramatic pause , dramatic delivery ) '' on wing as eagle . '' this stop Eddie in he track . he stare at thora , wide - eye and shake . finally : eddie what ?! she give he a know look and a confirm nod . thora thacker running it tomorrow . eddie first of all — first of all — first of all — there 's nothing to that story . I have hear it , it 's be around forever , and it 's never be confirm . and secondly — you can not print that ! even if you could print it you could not print it . and you would not want to , thora , it 's beneath you . thora thacker the fact be never beneath I . eddie people do not want the fact , they want to believe . that 's we great industry — mine , and yours too . they want to believe that baird whitlock be a great star , and a good man . 56 . thora thacker you be admit he be not . eddie no , I be say he be , though it 's beside the point . there 's nothing to it , nothing to the gossip . thora thacker I am not a gossip columnist ! eddie no no , of course not — thora thacker do not confuse I with my sister ! eddie hardly . but look — do you have to run it tomorrow ? thora thacker it 's my entire column . I be happy to talk to baird for comment , but it will have to be this afternoon . eddie baird be unavailable right now . wait one day . a chirp hoot from thora . Eddie grimace and lower he voice confidentially : thora , wait one day and I 'il give you a true story for tomorrow 's column . a little something — about hobie doyle . thora thacker my reader do not care about hobie doyle . he wear chap . eddie do they care about carlotta valdez ? they be sweet on each other . you should see the two of ‘em together , peas in a pod . thora thacker Trade the story of my career for a puff piece on hobie doyle ? I do not think so . 57 . eddie you be not trading anything , you be wait one day on a story that 's year old . give I a day , I can let you talk to baird and show you you story 's the bunk . and if I be wrong , no skin off you nose , you run the column . in the meantime you have a exclusive — no one else know about hobie and carlotta . thora eye he suspiciously . thora thacker no one ? eddie you be it . Eddie treat the deal as do in hope that that will help make it so . he smile at she . eddie ( cont 'd ) what kind of name be thora , anyway ? thora thacker it 's a name that nineteen million reader trust . do not play game with they , Eddie . as he start to trot off , he gesture take in the entire studio : eddie nobody 's play game here . int . studio accounting office - day desk attaché case on top of the desk , bank - wrap bill stack inside . the top of the case be swing down . the two halve of the case do not quite meet : too much money inside . strain pressure . stu schwartz arch a eye behind horn -rimm glass . stu be that big enough ? 58 . Eddie strain downward as he press the two clasp , inward , until — snap ! snap ! — they catch . ext . capitol lot - day Eddie mannix walk through the campus opposite - way from last time , the attaché case bulg under one arm . a woman arc in to walk with he — a tall , red-haire woman , thora thacker it seem , except that she dress be different . Eddie , as when ambush earlier , fight to conceal surprise and dismay . woman hello Eddie , I be notify you as a courtesy before I run tomorrow 's story . eddie hello , thessaly , I just see — never mind , what 's up ? what 's the story ? thessaly thacker it 's about baird whitlock . eddie there be absolutely no truth to that old story , believe I ! thessaly thacker ( puzzle ) Old ? eddie 1d! stale ! rotten ! and — thessaly thacker I be talk about today . eddie and there ’s— ( abrupt shift from heat to cagey ) what ? thessaly thacker a little bird tell I he disappear from the set today . eddie oh ! that . no no . yes , he do have to take a break . minor injury , high ankle sprain . 59 . thessaly thacker what do you think I mean ? eddie no , nothing . I see you sister earlier , she be try to resurrect some old gossip about baird . thessaly thacker I be sure she be . that cow . she could not find a new story if it be tape to she posterior . eddie well , she 's — thessaly thacker High ankle sprain ? that 's the best you could come up with ? we all know about the drink jag and the womanize and the trip to San bernardino . eddie baird be a good family man . he have a high ankle sprain . young man 's voice Mr. mannix ! a freckle youth in a cardigan sweater be bicycling up the walkway . as he furiously pedal , a Capitol picture pennant snap and flutter from a high antenna off the back fender . he skid to a halt , close . eddie what 's up , peanut ? peanut Natalie tell I to find you pdq ! I know it sound screwy but she say someone 's call from the future ! eddie the —good lord ! thessaly , I have to run . thessaly thacker if you do know where baird be , let I talk to he . Eddie mannix be already hasten off . 60 . eddie sure —well , I ’'1l — find out where he be , right away , thessaly , I be sure he x11 — ( turn with a think ) say , what kind of name be thessaly , anyway ? thessaly thacker it 's a name that twenty million reader trust . they want the truth , Eddie . on he hasty retreat : eddie Truth , yes ! we be gonna give it to be !. he jog off with the bulg attaché case clamp to he side , lead by peanut on he bicycle with its flutter pennant . int . eddie 's outer office - day Eddie stride through the outer office . natalie on two ! and hobie doyle be in there . eddie right . inner office hobie , in dinner jacket , rise from the chair face the desk . hobie lo , Mr. mannix . as he rush around the desk to the phone and put down attaché case : eddie thanks for come , hobie , one second . mannix here , who — damn ! he look at the handset he have pick up , shake he head , cradle it . he hit a button on the phone . 61 . .-+. hung up , Natalie . tell I the second they call back . natalie yes , sir . Eddie look darkly down at the attaché case . hobie ' T 's goin’ on there , Mr. mannix , look like you be expectin’ rain . eddie Nah , it 'spnoth . how 's the first day on the picture ? get comfortable ? Eddie be still look down at the bulg attaché case . he push experimentally down on the middle of its buldge . he pop the clasp . he redistribute the currency inside — block from hobie 's view by the case itself — as hobie talk . hobie oh , I guess it 's goin 's purt good , that Mr. lau—er , laurentz , he 's a awful good man he 's helpin I get through it , I give he all the credit in the world , I the new hand in the bunkhouse , they get I talkin ; a lot which take a little gettin’ use to , talkin’ with the camera lookin 's at I but heck I enjoy . eddie good , that 's fine . hobie usually on a picture I just say '' whitey ! '' or '' whoa , there , '' but this - here it 's talkin’ a not 's people listenin’ , throw I little at first but I think I get my leg up onner now . Eddie have close the case again and do the clasp . he assess its shape as he talk to hobie : eddie well that 's fine . laurence come in this morning to tell I how well you be do , he 's very impressed . ( more ) 62 . eddie ( cont 'd ) you just continue to do whatever he say . he know how to make a quality picture . hobie oh that be true , he will not quit on a take until it have quality — the phone buzze . eddie hang on , hobie . ( punch the intercom button ) that they ? natalie 's voice sorry , sir —no , do you want Mrs. mannix on one ? he deflate ; pick up the phone . eddie hi hon ... oh , you know — busy ... uh - huh ... uh-huh ... but I think he ask to play infield ... I see ... well , maybe we should make he honor that commitment ... he have reopen the case and be rearranging the money . . -- well that 's true — of course , you be right . okay , okay , I 'il call the coach ... sure . Love you too . he hang up . hobie Mr. mannix , should I run out 'o get you a bigger grip ? that 'o look a little snug . Eddie look up at hobie and focus on he for the first time . a long , appraise look . hobie return the look , not sure what it mean . finally : eddie hobie : there 's a hundred thousand dollar in that attaché case . ( more ) 63 . eddie ( cont 'd ) ransom money . baird whitlock have be kidnap . hobie stare , shocked . Eddie mannix nod a grim confirmation . finally : hobie well , this be bad . bad for movie star ever xwhere . Eddie 's mouth form a moue of agreement . hobie ( cont 'd ) and you get no idea who 's mix up in this thang ? Eddie give a wag headshake . hobie ( cont 'd ) I would look at the extries . eddie the extras . why ? hobie well you just never know about a extrie . they come 'o go . everyone else , I be on the set , I look at the guy settin’ the 5 k I think , '' why there 's old Bud , settin the 5k . '' script girl , wrangler , same thang . extries , that 's diffurnt . not makin 's a blanket call here — there 's good extries 'o bad extries . all I be sayin : you look at a extrie , you get no idea what he 's thankin’ . Eddie stare at hobie , contemplate . the silence be break by the buzz of he phone . Natalie 's voice come through the unit : natalie 's voice he 's back — line one . eddie hello !... yes , I have it ... stage 8 ?... right . just leave it there ? and when do I get baird ?... I 'il do it right now . he hang up , look at the case , look at hobie. 64 . can I use you belt ? int . waterfront bar - day we be come off the lettering on the side of a boat which identify it as '' the swingin 's dinghy . '' we move reveal that behind the boat which be suspend by two chain like a lifeboat be a backbar in the middle of which be a clock , just now strike twelve . we move down off the clock to find a bartender look up at it . a dishrag be drape over he shoulder , a well - chew cigar stub be plant in he mouth . bartender the swingin 's dinghy be closin’ , folk . time for I to clean up , time for you to clear out . he move to get a broom . on he move we widen out to show the bar 's clientele : about a dozen sailor and they date , five or six young woman . the boat of which this establishment be namesake be a quarter - size model hang over the bar . the girl be mount the stair to leave the cellar bar . one turn back with a farewell : girl so long , fella ! see ya in eight month ! the morose sailor all gaze up at the depart girl . the bartender ask one sailor : bartender eight month ? he be address a sailor whose glum look stay on the exite girl . the look linger on the door after it close behind they . the sailor sigh . sailor yeah — we be shippin’ out in the mawnin . another sailor , seat on the stool of a piano near the stair , be also look glum . sailor 2 golly : eight month without a dame . the lead sailor , equally downcast , be play by burt gurney . 65 . burt can ya beat it . bartender ( gruff ) yer gonna have to beat it . visible through a high window - well which give onto the sidewalk be the gam of a girl who have stop to adjust the seam of one stock . burt , gaze yearningly up at the leg , start to sing : burt oh , we be headin’ out to sea ... the production number '' no dame ! '' begin . int . corner of the SOUND stage - day the song have develop and the dance begin , but here , off the set , the blaring playback be echoing and not as loud . Eddie mannix enter the stage . he be dimly light only by spill from the bar set , house light turn off for shoot . Eddie give cautious look around as he hoist the attaché case , now secure around its middle by a shiny black belt . he gingerly stow the attaché case behind a electrical box bear the warning , danger ! high voltage . int . waterfront bar back to the set the song finish with burt be ass -bounce and the bartender bellow : bartender now cut that out ! this be not that kind of place ! the general pandemonium of the dance sailor be arrest by a voice through a megaphone : voice and ... cut ! yah , okay . okay . we cut behind the director seat on a canvas chair onto the back of which he name be stitched : '' arne seslum . '' voice ( cont 'd ) come here , burt gurney . we go again . assistant director all right , kid , back to one ! 66 . burt gurney walk up , boyishly cheerful , and be join by the bartender . burt anything different , Mr. seslum ? arne yah yah yah , no no no , mostly pretty good . but this time , do not put dishrag on bartender 's head . you be the star of the picture , burt gurney . who care about the bartender , you be the star . the bartender grumble , walk away : bartender that 's my whole character , the slow burn . burt ( genuine ) gosh , Mr. seslum , I do not mind , if he want I to — arne it be decide ! Eddie mannix walk up . eddie lo , burt . brightly , before head back to the set : burt hello , Mr. mannix ! eddie arne , I do not want to stick my nose in other people 's business , but , uh , I understand you have be , uh , associate with deeanna moran ? arne yah yah we associate . 67 . eddie yes , and she 's — arne but no more . no more . do not you worry , Eddie mannix . . eddie but arne , you be aware that she 's , uh — arne this must not be in movie magazine , that we associate . eddie no , of course not — arne my wife can not read this . eddie you —excuse I ? arne fish out a wallet . arne ilsa pflug . eddie ilsa ...? arne show he a picture of himself and a plump woman with braid . arne ilsa pflug - seslum . in malmo . eddie I be not aware of that . arne flip through , show more picture : himself ski ; the family pose together in cable sweater . arne yah , yah , two child . eddie ( sotto ) third on the way , apparently . arne do you have physical culture , Eddie mannix ? do you ski ? 68 . eddie no , I , uh , never take it up . seem like a lot of fun . arne yah , fresh air . ( thump himself on chest ) Air in — ( he suck in ) out — ( he blow out ) lung . breathe . ( take back the wallet ) I no more associate with deeanna moran — it be decide ! eddie uh-huh — something on the set , past Eddie 's shoulder , draw arne 's furious look . arne no , no , no , do not swing you arm like hairy ape ! this be not fat stupid people , this be arne seslum production ! int . malibu house - day raucous male laughter hit the cut . the man be emerge from the hall into the main room , baird and herman in the lead , baird 's arm drape companionably over herman 's shoulder . baird so I feel someone poke I and I wake up and it 's Clark and he say , " well , she key be not in there so I guess we be walkin’ ! '' Roaring laughter from the Communists . baird ( cont 'd ) this be back before gable be gable . the man make themselves comfortable in the live room with its view of the crash surf . it be now late day ; a red sun hang beyond the jag rock at the mouth of the cove . baird be lose in misty reminiscence : 69 . baird ( cont 'd ) we use to go to San berdoo every weekend , Bob stack would come sometimes , the Blue grotto be still open — Dave chasen be a busboy ... ( the dramatic view finally register ) quite a place ! your ? herman oh , gracious no . it belong to a member of we study group . he could not be here this afternoon — he 'il be sad to have miss you . he 's a fan . baird uh-huh , that 's swell . so I black out , wake up here and I be think , baird , you have get to stop do this ! ( laughter ) but you be say , actually , technically I have be ... kidnap . again , agreeable laughter from the Communists . herman smile as well . herman well , technically , yes . baird and there 's gonna be a ransom . benedict I would hardly call it '' ransom . '' herman indicate the speaker . herman benedict there — that 's benedict de bonaventure — write '' the House of ahasuaris . '' a low whistle from baird . herman nod . herman ( cont 'd ) yes . enormous hit , make the studio million of dollar . do you see any of that million of dollar , Ben ? 70 . benedict I do not . herman dutch over there — dutch Zweistrong — write '' all the Way to uruguay . '' dutch ( testy ) I write all the '' all the Way '' picture . herman all successful . you see any of the profit , dutch ? dutch give a short bark laugh . herman ( cont 'd ) all of we here be writer . the picture originate with we , they be we idea , but they be own by the studio . I be not say only writer be be exploit — t I mean , look at yourself , baird . baird oh , you know — the studio take care of I . angry man what be you , a child ? herman ( apology for the bad manners ) I think what herschel 's try to say be , just because the studio own the mean of production , why should it be able to take the money — we money , the value create by we labor — and dole out what it please ? that 's not right . so —no . no , I would not call it '' ransom . '' dutch payback . FOURTH man partial payback . 71 . herman now , until quite recently we study group have a narrow focus . we concentrate on get Communist content into motion picture — always in a sub rosa way , of course . and we have be pretty darn successful . you remember , in '' kerner 's corner '' — the town Hall scene , where the aldermen overturn the rotten election and make Gus the mayor ? baird ( get it , nodd ) oh! yeah . uh-huh . herman I like to think we have change a few mind . but then — well , Dr. marcuse come down from Stanford , join the study group . and start teach we about direct action . praxis . action . faintly gesture with he pipe : dr . marcuse we each pursue we own economic interest — we ourselves be not above the law of history . but in pursue we interest with vigor , we accelerate the dialectic , and hasten the end of history and the creation of the New man . angry man plus , we make a little dough . herman shutup ! we be not even talk about money ; we be talk about economics . baird uh-huh . sure. good. good stuff . so —do I get a share of the ransom ? chuckle all around . herman give a weak smile . herman well —no , Mr. whitlock . you could hardly share in you own ransom . that would be unethical . 72 . baird well , I do not know if that 's fair , fella ! the whole set - up only work if I play along , right , if I do not let on I know who kidnap I ? herman yes . that 's right . baird so what if I do not play along ? what if I name name ? the smile face around he harden . baird , commit , plow on : baird ( cont 'd ) «+. just ... tell the truth ? the alienation be palpable . herman alone seem unruffled : herman I do not think you will do that , Mr. whitlock . what if we tell the truth , about — '' on wing as eagle ? '' baird instantly sober . he look up at the man around he , they face set . he look at herman , the one person still smile . int . sid siegelstein 's office - day Eddie mannix arrive to lean against he door jamb . the legal bullpen , row of deck , be at he back . eddie sid , we have to work something out for deeanna moran . sid look up from he paperwork . sid she get marry again ? eddie no , that 's the problem . have a child , not marry . a whistle from sid. 73 . sid tough . eddie yeah . no father . well , of course there be one , somewhere ... he wave airily . sid nod understanding . sid but who know ... eddie exactly . so be there any way she — I be just spitballing here — any way she could adopt she own child ? sid gaze at Eddie . his look drift off . sid interesting ... as a single ... eddie mm , she disappear for a while , reappear — sid uh-huh . eddie — and she want to share she blessing — adopt a child . sid sure , she 's always yearn to be a mother ... eddie that 's it . sid well , I do not see why not . nothing in California statute that prohibit adoption by one 's own parent . eddie uh-huh . sid this be new ground here . technically , she have have to give up the baby , in order to adopt it , to a third ... party — 74 . eddie Joe silverman . Natalie , with clipboard , approach from the background . sid Joe silverman , exactly . he 's the foster father for a few day . she hand the kid to Joe , he hand it back ... I 'il do some research . ( tap he desktop ) this be exciting . natalie Mr. mannix , it 's five -thirty . ext . capitol lot / editing room - day it be a very late day . Eddie mannix stride through the campus with Natalie trail . natalie — and ask all the assistant director . one of they say that a extra in the courtyard - of - sestimus - — amydias scene seem jumpy . eddie all right , get Walt the name of the the extra so he can bring he in and sweat he . Walt should tell he we will not press charge if he tell we where baird 's be take . natalie check . eddie if he play dumb — or if the a.d. 's wrong and he be dumb — check the other extras . natalie check . thessaly thacker call , say you promise she a interview with baird today . check that , it be thora thacker . eddie no , it be thessaly . tell she he be at the doctor longer than expect , she can see he on the set bright and early tomorrow . natalie check . and be that last part true ? eddie let 's hope so . that remind I : I need a list of everyone who work on '' on wing as eagle '' who 's still at the studio . natalie '' on wing as eagle '' — that 's a while ago , now . aside from baird and the director it will not be a long list . eddie uh-huh , get it for I . that it ? natalie one more thing : a Mr. cuddahy call , say you know he . eddie yeah yeah . they be mount a set of step lead to a long walkway with many door space at short and regular interval . natalie Said it 's urgent he see you one last time . suggested same place , seven this evening . eddie what ?! why ? never mind . ( check watch ) tell he I will be there . int . editing room - day he bang through a door : cc. c. calhoun editing inside a stout middle - age woman be at work at a clatter upright moviola . a cigarette plume in one hand . the room be layer with stale smoke . 76 . eddie hello , C.C. the woman spin around in she castore chair and the chair creak as she tip she body back so as to aim she face at Eddie . her thinkc glass make she eye float hugely before she face . the eye blink . her voice be emphysemic : c.c. hello , Eddie . eddie wanna lace up what you have on '' merrily we dance '' ? c.c. just work on it now . i’1l slap on a little music . C.C. brake the picture , roll to a trim bin , pull track from a pin , flange it on the side of the moviola and then lay it under a sound head . she snap down the head and roll the movie forward . Eddie lean in to look at the picture cube . glow from the moviola screen underlight Eddie 's face . a fanfare . on the screen , a card : laurence laurentz present grease-mark on the print form a V that indicate a fade down . as waltz music come up , a invert V grease - mark indicate a fade up on a shot of the dance foot of many people , gowns swirl , tuxedoe leg debonairly step . super on the shot : merrily we dance ! another fade - down mark . lateral track on the foot of a man and a woman , crossing a city sidewalk . the man 's foot hurry out of frame as we hear he call '' taxi ! '' 77 . the woman 's foot continue on to bring into frame , when she reach the curb , the bottom of a cab door be open for she by the man . as she climb into the cab we match cut into : the back of the cab . the pretty young woman slide over so that a caddish look young man can sit in as well . the cab start into motion . cad back to you place ? allegra oh , what a bore . I rather think we might go to Lake onondega for the weekend , just the two of we . cad do not have my valise — I leave it in you foyer . allegra ( sly ) you will get by without a change . cad ( wolf ) suit I . if you do not mind skip out on you own party , allegra . allegra suit I . cad ( meaningful ) and skip out on monty . allegra ( smile ) that suit I as well . the man laugh . cad poor monty . allegra what monty do not know ... cad «.. will not hurt monty . 78 . swell apartment interior lateral track on a pair of foot : a man walk down a hallway . as he enter a foyer he come up short , foot turn halfway toward a valise that have be leave under a table . after a consider beat he proceed on , and we pan he foot to a door which he open . a match cut around the other side of the door onto the person enter , who be now reveal to be — hobie doyle . we be now in the scene we see be shot . dierdre oh monty ! come join I on the divaaaaa ... as dierdre beckon monty she motion slow , and she slow speech become basso before lapsing to quiet and the ratchete noise of the machine also fall quiet and we be look at a freeze frame that slowly discolor at the center . the discoloration start to spread outward as the frame burn . Eddie look quizzically at the stall picture . a rasp voice : c.c. reversh . Eddie look and react with a modest but definite take at : C.C. bent double in she chair , the side of she face press snugly to the moviola near the gear for the sound roll . the side of she face be squash flat against the machine and something cinch the fold of fat at she neck . she be be strangle . C.Cc. ( cont 'd ) reversh . Eddie look helplessly at the machine . C.Cc. ( cont 'd ) reversh . Eddie cast frantically about , locate the forward / reverse switch , flip it . the soundtrack grind into motion , in reverse . the picture play likewise . 79 . as the sound relay feed out she scarf , C.C. have increase play such that she may slowly draw she head away from the machine . when she be completely free she hit the handbrake , stop the film . C.Cc. ( cont 'd ) should not wear scarve . she suck greedily at a cigarette . she flip the reverse switch and the film roll forward again . hobie once again enter , look very dash in he tux . dierdre oh monty ! come join I on the divan . the discolor frame flash by and monty sit into a brood close shot on the divan . dierdre ( cont 'd ) it seem allegra 's a no-show , which be simply a bore , but I can partner you in bridge . ( reacting to he ) why the pout ? a hold on hobie as he frame a haunt answer . finally : hobie it 's ... complicated . int . imperial garden - day a go sting the cut to push in to Arthur Fung as he give a short bow . arthur fung how pleasant to see you again , Mr. manni — splash ! a push through the curtain of bead to see Mr. cuddahy , look up from he booth , a drink with a umbrella in front of he . cuddahy thanks for come back , mannix . 80. eddie sure . cuddahy ( chuckle ) you be take we down to the wire , be not ya ? eddie it 's not a ploy — just a big decision . cuddahy absolutely ! no foul . but the board be concerned when I could not give ‘em a yes this afternoon , and they have authorize I to say this . you sign on , you term of contract be ten year . Eddie give a low whistle . cuddahy nod . yeah . you get it , right ? that mean you stock option be guarantee to vest . you have never have to work again if you choose to retire after you term . think about it : lifetime employment ; you would not be a glorify work stiff like you be now . and you will be run a business , not a circus . drink ? ( notice Eddie 's look ) cigarette ? cuddahy proffer the pack which Eddie have be eyeing . Eddie hesitates , shake he head . eddie no , no i— TI have to run , I , I should talk this over with my wife — cuddahy course you should . talk it over , think about you family , let we know in the morning . oh ! ( grin , produce two package ) now , if you think this be a bribe , you be absolutely right . two kid , right , boy and a girl ? they love this stuff . use to be train . 81 . ext . a spanish - style home - evening glow in the early evening . reverse on its drive . hobie doyle lean against a park limo with he arm fold , wait , gaze at the mansion . a long , still beat , and then he abruptly sflfff a bunch of sunflower shell out of he mouth . he gaze idly around . he have a think . he open the back door of the limo and take out a length of rope . he start twirling , create a nice big loop . he expertly tip he wrist to make the loop spin level with the ground at a height of half a foot . he hop in and out of the loop . voice hello hobie . startle , he muff a hop - out and the rope die against he shin . hobie oh hello carlotta . carlotta be I late ? he coil the rope . hobie aw no it be not nothin’ . thanks a awful bunch for goin’ to this picture with I , I do not know if you like livestock but I think it 's get moment I really do . you look var purty . carlotta well , thank you , hobie . I be sure I will like the picture — I like all of you picture . hobie well I like yours too , they be just the craziest thing . be it hard to dance with all they bananas on you head ? 82 . she plant she purse on she head as she demonstrate a rhumba move : carlotta oh no , anyone can do it , be all inna hip anna- lip anna- eye anna - thigh ! she finish with a kick and a head - tip that launch the purse backwards off she head to be grab by one hand behind she back . int . mannix 's kide 's bedroom - night we hear a door open and hallway light fan onto a adorable little girl asleep in bed . Eddie look down at she , smile , stoops to adjust the doll she hold against she face . he rise to gaze down for another beat , then move . the opposite bed : a adorable little boy . Eddie ease the askew coonskin cap off of the boy , stand look down . top of the boy 's wardrobe . Baseball pennant be on the wall behind it . Eddie 's hand enter to place a soar airplane on a peg on a pedestal . top of the girl 's wardrobe . doll be seat on it lean against the wall . Eddie 's hand enter to place a fold maroon uniform , and , on top of the uniform , a maroon cap with '' stewardess '' stiched in gold . int . mannix 's kitchen - night Eddie be at a plateful of dinner . his wife bustles as he eat . mrs . mannix Little Eddie want I to tell you about he baseball game . they win . eddie that 's terrific . gosh , I never call the coach ! Eddie play at shortstop ? mrs . mannix mm , and he do so well he want to stay there now . 83 . eddie great , it take care of itself . mrs . mannix and darlene do very well on she Spanish test . eddie that 's good , she be worried about that . thanks for heating up the roast . mrs . mannix warm glass of milk ? eddie no , thanks hon— coffee . gotta run back to the studio , a few thing to take care of . mrs . mannix gee , another late night . Eddie be ruminative : eddie mm. you know ... lockheed improve they offer . darn good money . and the hour would not be crazy like this , either . mrs . mannix it 's nice to be want . eddie yeah , sure , but — what do you think ? they wanna know tomorrow . mrs . mannix I like the short hour . but what do you think , honey ? you know best . nodding , chew , think : eddie uh-huh ... mrs . mannix how 's it go with the smoking , dear ? Eddie be startle out of he rumination : 84. eddie oh , you know ... int . eddie 's packard - night eddie in he packard he drive , squinting against oncoming headlight . the plummy-voice narrator : voice -over the denizen of the great city make ready for nightlife — or for sleep . but Eddie mannix will have neither ... ext . beach house - night familiar shot from high on the bluff down on the octahedral house , now glow with internal light . the ocean be no more than glitter highlight catch from the moon . voice - over even in westerly malibu the sun have move on , leave the vast and tireless sea to heave itself blindly upon the shore . inside we be in the live room which , it be night , offer no more view . the writer sit play at card , smoking , seek to make time pass . a man circle the table drop a pair of glove next to each card player — fingerless glove with leather grip , as for golf . the card player little notice the deposit of glove at they place . voice - over baird whitlock have become a acolyte of the Communists , a convert to they cause , he belief compel but not grudge — no more than be saul 's on the dusty road of long ago . he now seek to learn more from the leader from the north ... 85 . baird be indeed sit with Professor marcuse , who be just finish talk as they conversation mix up , with baird nodd vigorous concurrence . voice -over ( cont ’d ) -.. and become ever more commit to the quest to hasten a end to history and bring on — the New man ! baird herb — herb ! — that 's exactly what I be talk about , that 's what happen when I go to reno with Danny kaye and he ask I to shave he back ! exact same thing ! because I be think — who benefit ? also , I gotta tell ya , everyone think Danny be a jerk but he 's not really a jerk , it 's just the theory generate its own anti-theory ... Professor marcuse 's brow furrow as he try to follow baird 's point . ... so there we be , I and Danny , and I be wonder what the hell I be do with this razor and he say it 's for a part in a norman taurog picture but Judy canova be there and she know norman and she say Danny 's not do a norman taurog picture —he just want you to shave he back ! and that 's who benefit ! int . grauman 's chinese - night a lobby card it be for '' lazy ol 's Moon , '' star hobie doyle . when it be wipe by a foreground cross we cut wider : the near-empty lobby of a grand theater . a latecome gentleman and he wife be open the auditorium door to enter , the movie 's soundtrack fan up as they do so . voice -over in livelier precinct , the swell of dreamland gather to inspect the complicated weave of another piece of gossamer ... 86 . inside hobie and carlotta be watch the movie . voice -over «+ . another movie , another portion of balm for the ache of a toil mankind . hobie lean in to carlotta . hobie do not know ' bout this part , they only gimme one shot at the song . onscreen ext . bunkhouse - night it be evening . a pretty young woman converse through a cookhouse window with a grizzle old man in the yard . the man — curly — wear the union suit and the bent-back hatbrim of a western sidekick . someone offscreen be lazily chord a guitar . curly it be not my fault you see I take the pie off the sill miz mcgraw . woman not you fault ! whose fault be it , curly ? curly why , that crazy full moon ! two week ago you would a never see I take it ! laughter from the audience as curly stomp over to the man play guitar : hobie , relax on a tip - back chair on the bunkhouse porch . curly ( cont 'd ) durn that moon ! what good be she anyhow ! wish there never be no moon ! wish there war not no bossy old woman ! hobie do not blame that moon , curly . she can not do nothin’ but shine ! 87 . the guitar intro have end and hobie launch into the first verse of '' lazy o1 ' Moon . '' he look up at the moon , occasionally look back to the pretty woman in the window who listen , smile . as the verse end we cut to curly elsewhere in the yard , look angrily down at something off : curly durn you ! you turn curly strimlin over to the authority for the last time ! we cut over he shoulder : he be address a reflection of the moon in a water trough . he now dive in with hand outstretch as if to throttle the reflection . hobie sing on . curly sit up in the trough sputtering and look around , stymy and irate . curly ( cont 'd ) durn ! where would she go ?! Roaring laughter from the audience . ext . downtown los angele office building - night Eddie mannix pull up in he Packard . it be late night ; the street be desert except for one swank park car , a cream - color luxury sedan , that stand out on this less - than-swank street . the car 's uniform driver lean against the hood smoking . int . inside office build - night a wooden stairway . on the riser be paint the name of the building 's business tenant . Eddie mannix trudge up the stair in fedora and trenchcoat with collar turn up . int . office build hallway - night it be line by door with transom window . letter on the pebble glass of each office door identify its occupant . one office only show light from inside : joseph silverman sureties / bond / escrow 88 . int . joe silverman 's office - night Eddie tap at the door . it be open by sid sieglestein , the studio lawyer . a inner - office door , stand open , show Joe silverman sit at he desk ; mid-thirty and , like he office , low - rent but neat and utterly without character . deeanna moran sit across from he in a cream - color dress that match she car outside , and a black hat and veil . she have a cigarette in one hand and with the other sign a document in multiple place as Joe , lean across the desk , turn page and point . sid we just get start — I have be take deeanna through this . they be join the two in the inner office , sid now address deeanna . '' +. so Joseph have do — well , just a whole lot of good work for we in the past . whenever we have need a witness or a third party for , I do not know — a petition of grievance or alienation of affection . deeanna sneak look at Joe as she sign page . deeanna and he 's reliable ? the man show no resentment of the question and indeed no affect at all : joe I be bond , miss . sid Joe be the most reliable human be on the planet , in we experience . when chubby cregar be intoxicate and hit a pedestrian on gower , we have he vehicle title transfer to Joe 's name and Joe do six month in the LA County lock -up . deeanna but you be off the sauce now ? 89 . joe I never touch it , miss . it be a legal fiction . eddie that 's exactly right . when the studio need somebody who meet the legal standard of , uh—how do you put it , sid ? sid personhood . eddie yeah . Joe step in and act as the , uh ... person . deeanna so you be a professional — person ? joe that 's right , miss . and initial here , and here . sid Joe will be the foster parent until such time as you adopt the child , which you can do as soon as Joe take possession of it . deeanna and he 's reliable ? joe I be bond , miss . sid the release papers you be signing be not public record . all this document remain seal until the year two thousand and fifteen . Joe take the document and slide its last page into a embosser and squeeze . deeanna no one the wiser ? sid no one the wiser . no fan , no court official — not even a notary public . 90 . eddie Joe himself be the notary . deeanna examine Joe who be tense , squeezing with both hand . deeanna you must have strong forearm . be it hard , squeezing like that ? joe it 's part of the job . ext . studio gate - night scotty the guard lean out , tipping he cap , as the Packard pull up . scotty late night , Mr. mannix ? eddie late night for both of we . will you call projection Seven and have be lace up yesterday 's daily on '' hail , Cesar ! " scotty sure thing . yesterday 's . eddie yeah , thanks scotty . int . screening room - night Eddie mannix sit slump , hand cup to forehead , light flicker onto he from the screen . Natalie sit on he far side with she clipboard , wait for he attention . ext . well of jehosaphat set - day onscreen : we pull baird whitlock , in he Roman tribune 's wardrobe , as he march angrily up a line of parched and dusty slave clamoring for water . baird curse and exclaim '' Roman before slave ! '' as he bat aside that wait . as he reach the front of the line we pull back have bring into frame the man give out water with a dipper . this man , whom we see only from behind , wear a simple robe and have perfectly arrange shoulder - length blond hair , slightly wavy . gl . baird/autolochus —once more exclaim '' Roman 's before slave ! '' — intercept the dipper which the blond man be hand to a slave . autolochus be about to drink himself when he take in the countenance of the blond water - giver . something in the man 's face and manner strike autolochus mightily . he take a staggering step backward , in awe . Close on baird , he face display progressive wave of awe , puzzlement , hope , and ineffable wonder . a flash frame and a slate for '' hail , Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker two . '' baird step back into close shot with the dipper again , now display wave of puzzlement , ineffable wonder , some awe , then back to ineffable wonder . we hear a offscreen '' cut ! '' but before the flash frame baird relax , he eyeline shifting as he call out : baird wuddya think a that one , be that , uh , enough , awe , or — voice yeah , good , maybe a little more wonderment . baird more , you mean more — '' hail Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker Three . '' baird step back into frame in awe . baird ( cont 'd ) hold it , sorry , wait a minute , lemme do it again . he step forward then immediately step back into frame in awe . a squinting bit of wonder . voice cut ! baird be that , uh , I do not know . that one do not really have a center . voice yeah , no , it be — '' hail Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker four . '' 92 . baird step back into frame he face oddly blank . baird hang on . his eye leave the eyeline . he look down , arrange he feature in a expression of unutterable awe , and then jerk he look back up to the eyeline , expression lock in place . a long hold , expression steady : unutterable awe . finally , hiss out of he lock jaw as he maintain the look : baird ( cont 'd ) howziss . wuddya hink . voice yeah , okay , cut . Eddie , watch . his eye stay on the screen throughout : eddie go ahead , I be listen . from screen : '' hail Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker five . '' natalie Walt talk to the extra , right guy , no info wdoe not know where they take baird , but describe the truck they put he in . baird ( from screen ) be that , uh , be that — should I get to the wonderment faster ? natalie Walt find the truck and find the guy who borrow it from the guy who own it and be talk to he . from screen : '' hail Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker six . '' Eddie nod , still look at the screen . eddie Walt 's a problem - solver , he 's a good man . what else ? 93 . baird ( from screen ) Todd , you can — you just look like a imbecile mushed up against the camera , can you — - Sam , Todd can step out , I 'il just take a eyeline at the corner of the matte box . I will hand the dipper back to , uh , to , uh , camera guy . from screen : '' hail Cesar , twenty - Seven Baker Seven . '' natalie pr just call in they report on hobie doyle premier : warm reception . baird ( from screen ) be that — I be sorry , do you see that , I feel like I have some spittle . maybe Todd should step back in . eddie good. okay . ( start to rise , eye still on the screen ) not bad , have ‘em use six . be this six ? int . brown derby - night a orchestra play '' every now and then . '' carlotta laugh , across a table from : hobie , hunch forward , very intent on what he be do , he body jiggling . wider : he have a strand of spaghetti and be do rope trick with it . hobie watchis now ... gittin 's away ... he rope a salt cellar . hobie ( cont 'd ) oh looka there now ! his other hand , on the tablecloth , be start to walk away on two finger , affect nonchalance . 94 . think itself safely out of range , the walk hand start to walk faster . hobie ( cont 'd ) «+ . oh , she 's a gittin’ away too ! he rope the walk finger , trip he hand . carlotta , unable to talk from laughter , point at hobie . hobie rope the point finger , draw she hand toward he . she slap at he hand with she free hand . he drop the spaghetti to slap she hand in return then pluck the whipping spaghetti-end out of the air in rhythm . hobie ( cont 'd ) this 's why I never order it with meat sauce . carlotta how have you get into picture , hobie ? hobie get roped into it ! aw , I be just kiddin ya , I wrangle fer a while and then they see I could say a line 'ri two 'o I be bad Clem or deppity number two or the guy 's buddy fer a coupla year 'o then some 'o hear I sing 'o they make I the guy . carlotta you be awfully cute . hobie aw heck , you be not see the half of it , I will show ya cute , just second here — little souvenir from when I be rodeoin 's ... he have lower he head to he hand and he fiddle briefly at he mouth . he raise he head again , beam at carlotta . he have no tooth . his gum , upper and lower , be hideously bare . carlotta be aghast — and then amused , more than ever . hobie chuckle as she laugh : 95 . hobie ( cont 'd ) tell ya what , I wuzh shteer - brushtin a I go down and the shteer go up 'o m’teeth head off fer easht texash — aww here , it 's comin’ round again ! he hastily tuck he tooth back in and croon along with the orchestra which be just now arrive at the chorus : every now and then ... carlotta come in on top : carlotta every now and then ... the two sing together but hobie suddenly freeze , see something . long-len point of view : a bulg attaché case bound around the middle by a shiny black belt . it rest beside a semi - circular booth , half the throw of the restaurant away . whoever have the case be hide by he high - back booth . his back be to we : the side of one leg jut out as do one elbow , active as he eat . voice well now , this be interesting . hobie 's look turn up : thessaly thacker stand at he booth . thessaly thacker I do not know you two be friend . hobie be distract , he look shifting between she and the hide man . hobie aw heck yeah , we —we just catch my picture , '' lazy o1 ' Moon , '' and I guess we be — carlotta yes , we be friend , we be — hobie well we be fixin’ t’be friendly , tell you that . 96 . thessaly thacker that 's good : '' fixin 's to be friendly '' can be my column headline . finger-quotes and a exaggerated impression of hobie 's accent set off the reference . hobie , unoffended , nod . hobie well I guess at have be okay . thessaly thacker have a good evening . as she move off hobie and carlotta exchange a look : how do we do ? but hobie 's look keep return to the mystery diner . hobie I mention the name of m’picture , I think we be s'pose to do that . his long - lens point of view : thessaly thacker have stop to talk to the hide man with the attaché case . brief conversation . thessaly tip she head back laugh at some pleasantry . her cackle carry across the room . voice well now , this be interesting . hobie 's look turn up : it be — impossibly — t thessaly thacker again . or , no it be not , it 's thora . thora thacker I think I be get a exclusive on this . hobie what 's that now , mar ’am ? she be look off at she cackle sister . thora thacker I would like to know what the hell be go on here . hobie we , uhh ... like I say , we just see '' lazy o1 ' Moon '' — carlotta and hobie and I be fixin t’be friendly ! 97 . thora 's baleful look swing onto she . it hold for a long moment . then a squint : thora thacker what ? hobie we be just , uh ... his eye widen : the mystery man be get up . the man stand briefly outside the booth but be turn mostly away from we , patting at he mouth with a napkin . he angle more toward we . it be burt gurney . he finish patting he mouth , toss the napkin onto the table . his face , so boyish when perform , be now a hard mask . he stoops to pick up the attaché case . a brief look around the restaurant , and he head off . hobie hastily shuffles himself out of he booth : hobie ( cont 'd ) ah gotta skedaddle . so sorry ! ( to carlotta ) have to catch one a yer picture next time — lookin 's ford to it ! ext . brown derby - night hobie exit the club just in time to see the pass - by vehicle of burt gurney . hobie hurry to he car and driver wait curbside . hobie toss I they key , pard — I be takin ' the car ! int . eddie' office Wide on Eddie behind he desk , half - in , half - out of a pool of desktop lamplight . he sit hunch , forearm on knee . a insert : on the desk be a letter , its copy too small to read . but we see its letterhead : lockheed . back to Eddie , but we angle now swing around so that the desk do not hide he lower body . 98 . the hand drape across he knee hold a rosary . ext . hollywood / int . hobie 's car - night bleary montage lot of neon : '' the Garden of Allah , '' restaurant , club , chase light around movie-theater marquee . dissolve in and out under the Hollywood boulevard imagery be the same set - up of hobie drive , squinting , eye fix on tail light in front of he . also dissolve in and out : ext . h.c. sets - night eddie mannix walking not he purposeful daytime stride but a contemplative stroll , he hand clasped churchillianly behind he back . he pass through the half - strike column of the temple of the money - lender ; through the courtyard of sestimus amydias , its fountain now give only spare , echoing drip ; and finally through a set we have not yet see : the road to Calvary , its long line of crucifix loom empty . the montage which connect the two man end with a dissolve full up on hobie , still drive , but no more city light reflect in he windshield . we be out , remote . ext . pch - night his point- of-view : tail light of the car well ahead — the only car in sight . its headlight briefly show we the '' rudy 's Fish shack '' sign on the right . the car turn leave . hobie slow as he approach the turn . ext . malibu house - night high from bluff the octahedral house glow below . burt 's car be park . hobie 's car ease up . inside - night for the first time the house have no interior noise , no yapping dog . we hear only the muffle pound of surf . 99 . the front door click , and creak open . hobie enter cautiously , look around at the quiet as he walk toward the lens to stop in close shot , gape now , surprised at what he see . reverse on the live room . baird whitlock be alone , a small figure in the big room , still in Roman wardrobe , a copy of Soviet life open on he lap , martini glass in hand . he gape at hobie in mirrore surprise . finally : baird hobie doyle ? you be a Communist too ? hobie look around , look back at baird . a beat . hobie so it 's commy . baird y’ever be in this place ? pretty nice , huh ? just find out it 's burt gurney 's ! hobie be not really interested . he look around a bit more , try to make sense of it all . hobie you here alone ? baird everyone else go down to the beach . hobie well , all right pard : let 's we head on back to town . you get Mr. mannix worried sick . ext . pacific ocean - night the Communist writer man both side of a longboat , glove on , pull hard at the oar . burt gurney stand in the prow gaze forward , rather like George Washington crossing the delaware but with a yapping dog in the crook of one arm . 100 . now he look turn to one side . his point-of-view : he beach house be come into view from behind one of a pair of jag rock between we and shore . burt easy ... the writer row more slowly as the house center up between the rock . burt ( cont 'd ) here ! the writer back - paddle to stop the boat . it settles so as to show the house perfectly center between the two snaggle - rock . satisfied with the boat 's position , burt gurney look about : the vast and empty sea . he look at he watch : midnight . a writer occasionally dip a oar for a short front - or back - stroke , keep the boat in position . the boat dip and bob , water slapping on wood . a occasional yap from the dog . Long beat . a huge roar . seethe water . Ocean surface just by the longboat roil mightily — and be breach . a huge black column rise , rise , rise from the sea . the writer give voice to a awed '' oh ... '' the column stop rise . the roaring of great engine , and the angry hiss of water stream from the column , subside to ... near-silence . just the gentle chug of idling engine and the faint bleep . bleep . bleep . of sonar . wave slosh feebly against the impose black column : the con tower of a submarine . the metallic screek - screek -screek of a hatch be open . the sound move the dog to more yapping . burt gurney hand the dog to one of the forward writer . burt ( cont ’d ) take care of he . 101 . he leap from the longboat to the sub , grab bracket set in a vertical line up its side : a ladder . before he can climb , though , writer 's voice exclaim '' tell he ! '' '' give it to he ! '' '' give the speech ! '' herman 's voice comrade ! burt turn , twist from the ladder to look back a the longboat . herman rise in front . a ripple of motion go through the writer behind he : something be be pass forward . herman comrade : we salute you ! you be go to Moscow to become Soviet man and help forge the future . we stay behind , continue to serve in we disguise as capitalist handmaiden . look around , uncertain , and get encourage nod from the other writer . herman ( cont 'd ) but the money should go to the cause , not to the servant of the cause . a chorus of ‘hear , hear 's from the writer as he grope for a finish . herman ( cont 'd ) we —well , we ... the pass - forward object arrive at the man immediately behind herman who now give herman a nudge . he turn to take the object , and turn back hold it out toward burt . it be the attaché case cinched by black belt . herman ( cont 'd ) we modest contribution to the comintern . he toss it , and burt , with one hand anchore he to the ladder , one - handedly catch . he look at the case , nodd deep appreciation for what it represent . he look up . burt they will be pleased . 102 . the dog , whining and writhe in discontent in the arm of the writer in charge of he , finally break free and leap yapping toward he master . burt reflexively drop the case to grab the arrive dog . the case hit the water and dipsy - doodle down , down , down into murkiness . the writer give a unison dismay '' oh ... '' burt gurney , angle out from the ladder , gaze down at the spot where the case be disappear . a long look beat . finally , a small arch of he eyebrow — he only comment on life 's unpredictability . he swing he body back in against the sub and climb one - hand , hold the dog . a man wear a sable cap wait at the top . when burt arrive the wait man hand he a sable cap . burt put it on and gaze down at the longboat . burt ( cont ’d ) Professor ! will you join I ? marcuse , near the back of the boat , gesture faintly with he pipe . marcuse no . I will work from within . burt nod concession . the man behind burt stoops to open the hatch and both man climb in . on the writer , watch . the roar of engine , the seethe hiss of water . the sub descend . the writer fight they oar to keep the longboat steady in the buck sea . the sub disappear . the sloshes diminish . the black sea roll on in peace restore . after a quiet beat : writer well , it 's late . and I have revision . 103 . int . hobie 's car - night hobie and baird in hobie 's car they make the right turn from the beach access road to head south on the coast highway . hobie hum '' lazy ol 's Moon " as he drive ; baird gaze placidly out . baird be strike by a think . he look at he watch , wince . baird late . I be in the doghouse . hobie glance at he as baird think . baird ( cont 'd ) know what , better forget my place . Drop I at the beverly Hills Hotel — that okay ? hobie sure . both man look , attention draw by siren : a oncoming line of police vehicle , they rooflight spin . the car whoosh past . baird turn to track they and hobie look in he rear-view . the vehicle skid into a leave turn at the '' Fish shack '' sign . baird face forward again . a beat . baird huh ! fade out fade in SOUND : Morning bird , intermittent car-by . ext . studio gate - morning fade in picture : Studio gate . we be look across the street at the main gate . there be little traffic at this early hour . a cab pull up and stop curbside . its passenger get out . 104 . the cab pull away and we see the discharge passenger : baird whitlock . still in breastplate and leather skirt , he saunter toward the walk - through by the guard shack , whistling . ext . road to cavalry - day we track laterally with a Assistant director who , intent on a clipboard , slowly walk past a foreground crucifix , the occupant of which , face away from we , be in frame only to the extent of he two cross foot . the a.d. , still study he clipboard , slow to a halt just as we bring another crucifix into the foreground . its occupant too we see only from the ankle down . the a.d. now look up from the list on he clipboard to the unseen man on the foreground crucifix . a.d . who be you ? voice Todd . the a.d. look down he list . he shake he head , still unclear ; he look back up . a.d . do you get a hot breakfast or a box breakfast ? voice I do not know . the a.d. roll he eye . a.d . be you a principal or a extra ? beat . then : voice I think I be a principal . int . eddie 's office - day baird , in wardrobe , be in the chair in front of Eddie 's desk with he leg cross , hand clasped behind he head , the picture of cheerfulness . 105 . baird so I be thinkin 's , '' what the hell ! I have wake up in strange house before but never without a broad next to I ! '' Eddie glare . eddie ( tight ) uh-huh . baird , oblivious , think he have a audience . baird this guy be pretty interesting , though . they have actually figure out the law that dictate , well — everything , history , sociology , politics , morality . everything . it 's all in a book call '' kapital . '' eddie that right . baird uh-huh . with a k . and you be not gonna believe this , but it even explain the stuff we do here at the studio . because the studio be actually nothing more than a instrument of capitalism ! eddie uh-huh . baird so it blindly follow this law just like any other institution , the law that this guy have figure out . the studio make picture to serve the system , that 's its function , that 's really what we be all up to , here . eddie be it . Eddie rise from behind he desk and advance on baird , who prattles on . Eddie have he foot . slap ! 106 . baird yeah , we be just confirm what they call the '' status quo . '' I mean , we might tell ourselves we be '' create '' something of artistic value , that there 's some kinda spiritual dimension to the picture business , but what it be , be this fat cat Nick schenk out in New York run a factory that make this lollypop to pacify the — wwhoof ! grab baird by the breastplate and haul he to he now slap he , forehand and backhand : slap ! baird ( cont ’d ) what th — Eddie pull he chest - to-chest and hold he there so that he may stare straight into he eye as the word pour out : eddie now you listen to I , buster : Nick schenk and this studio have be good to you and to everyone else who work here . if I ever hear you badmouth Mr. schenk again it 'il be the last thing you say before I have you toss into jail for collude in you own abduction . baird but Eddie , I do not — slap ! slap ! eddie shaddup . you be gonna go out there and you be gonna finish '' hail , cesar ! " you be gonna give that speech at the foot of the penitent thief and you be gonna believe every word you say . slap ! slap ! eddie ( cont 'd ) you be gonna do it because you be a actor and that 's what you do . just like the director do what he do , and the writer and the script girl and the guy who clap the slate . ( more ) 107 . eddie ( cont 'd ) you be gonna do it because the picture have worth and you have worth if you serve the picture and you be never gonna forget that again . baird ( blubber ) okay Eddie , I will not forget it . the manhandle and Eddie 's harsh tone have bring baird to tear . Eddie release he fistful of romanwear with a shove that send baird staggering backward . eddie you be damn right you will not . not as long as I run this dump . baird nod , whimper , as he retreat to the door . baird okay , Eddie . Eddie reseat himself behind he desk . baird be reach for the doorknob but Eddie stop he with a sharp : eddie baird ! baird turn , sniveling , he hand on the knob . Eddie smile , point at he , and give a tight nod : eddie ( cont ’d ) go out there and be a star ! it hearten baird . he wipe he eye with some tunic-sleeve and even manage a tremulous smile back at Eddie and a return nod . ext . capitol lot - day eddie walking he walk purposefully across the lot . Natalie be deep behind trot to catch up , arm full of a flower arrangement . natalie Mr. mannix ! he turn , wait . 108 . natalie ( cont 'd ) since you be go to you car , think you might want to take this . eddie what be it ? natalie from deeanna moran . thank you , and she do not need to adopt she baby after all . eddie huh ? natalie she ask Joe silverman out for dinner last night , I guess it go well , they drive to Palm Springs and be marry at three this morning . eddie huh . natalie will you be go long ? today 's list to go through . eddie less than a hour , personal errand . ( down at the flower he hold ) Nice arrangement . natalie she charge it to the studio . eddie right . he turn from she to proceed but immediately stop with a surprised '' gah ! '' thora thacker just come to see you . eddie good morning . sorry about last night , thora — do not know you sister would show up . 109 . thora thacker well , that 's as may be , but I certainly learn my lesson . whatever you say today , Eddie mannix , my column tomorrow be about — " on wing as eagle . '' eddie thora , I would not do that if I be you . thora smile thinly . thora thacker I be sure you would not . eddie no no , you do not understand . ( look around ) let 's sit down . ext . seating area - day thora and Eddie seat themselves at a curve stone bench beneath a stone table upon which Eddie put the flower . behind they be a building that say wardrobe . a Roman centurion sit against its exterior wall lace up he sandal 's calf strap . other emerge from the building one at a time , each cinching up the chin strap on he bristle - top helmet or give the bottom of he breastplate a tug or in some other way make ready . eddie I be tell you not to run the column , thora , for you own good . a hoot from thora . thora thacker I can judge my own interest . this will be the story of the year — and it so happen the hearst syndicate be look to pick up a Hollywood column . hearst be four million reader . and if I get they — t thessaly do not . eddie and you think this will cinch it for you . 110 . thora thacker you know it will ! baird whitlock , you biggest star , get he first major part — in '' on wing as eagle " — by engage in sodomy with the picture 's director , laurence laurentz . she wear a smug smile , await protestation . Eddie only nod , equably . eddie we have all hear the story . but here 's something you have not hear : you source be a Communist . if you print it , it will be dismiss as a commie smear tactic — and you will be dismiss as a commie stooge . her smile start to fade . eddie ( cont ’d ) burt gurney have leave the country and the cell he be part of have be smashed by the police . you might have think he be credible because he 's Mr. laurentz 's current ... protegé , but — you do not want to be see as burt gurney 's mouthpiece after this . thora 's look curdle . a beat . thora thacker how do you know burt be my source ? eddie talk to laurence late last night , put two and two together . ( rise , indicate flower ) well , no need to send this since I run into you . it 's by way of apology for thessaly horn in last night . I do value we friendship , thora — ( look at watch ) — but I be late for something important . 111. int . confessional - day Light wipe onto Eddie , rosary in hand . eddie bless I , Father , for I have sin . voice how long since you last confession , my son ? eddie it 's be , uh ... ( look at watch ) what , twenty - seven hour ? voice it 's too often , my son . you be really not that bad . Eddie grimly shake he head . eddie I do not know , Father . I snuck another cigarette . or two . I do not make it home in time for dinner . and I , uh ... I strike a movie star in anger . a sigh from the unseen priest . voice all right . five hail mary . eddie okay . okay . Father ... Eddie be struggle . voice yes my son ? eddie May I ask you something , Father ? father of course , my son . eddie if there 's something that 's easy ... be that wrong ? silence . then : 112 . voice easy ? eddie easy to do , easy to — a easy job — not a bad job , it 's not bad . but then there 's another job , that 's ... that 's not so easy . in fact it 's hard . it 's so hard , Father , sometimes I do not know if I can keep do it . but it seem right . I do not know how to explain . voice God want we to do what 's right . eddie yeah ... ( think , nodd ) yeah , course he do . voice the inner voice that tell you it 's right — it come from God , my son . Eddie glance at he watch again . eddie yeah , get it . voice it 's his way of say that — eddie ( rise ) yeah yeah , I get it . ext . calvary - day autolochus be gaze up and off - camera as we pull he through a crowd of israelite , he face transfigure in wonderment . as he reach the front of the crowd he sink to he knee . the camera pull up and away to frame he before three crucifix on the mount . gracchus , familiar from we epic 's first scene , approach . 113 . gracchus why on you knee before this Hebrew , autolochus ? baird rise , turn he attention to he friend and place a comradely hand on he shoulder . autolochus I encounter he before , gracchus , beside the well of jehosaphat . and what manner of man ! gracchus do not understand : gracchus he be a priest of the israelite , despise even by the other priest . autolochus no . on yesterday 's march , punish by the dust of the road , I seek to drink first at the well — before the slave in my charge , whose thirst be great than my own . gracchus ( uncomprehend ) a Roman drink before a slave . autolochus this man be give water to all . he see no Roman , no slave . he see only men— weak men— and give succour . he see suffer , which he seek to ease . he see sin , and give love . gracchus '' Love , '' autolochus ? autolochus he see my own sin , and greed , and thirst , gracchus . but in he eye I see no shadow of reproach . I see only light . the light of God . gracchus you mean , of the god . autolochus gravely shake he head . gracchus , 114 . autolochus I do not , friend gracchus . this Hebrew be son of the one God , the God of this far-flung tribe . and why should not God 's anoint appear here , among this strange people , in this strange place ? here , gracchus , in this sundrenched land . why should he not take this form — the form of a ordinary man ? a man bring we not the old truth , but a new one . be willing to believe , but be confuse . gracchus a new truth ? autolochus a truth beyond the truth that we can see . a truth beyond this world , a truth tell not in word but in light . gracchus 's chin crimp as he jut he jaw , absorb this message . a truth we can see if we have but ... autolochus be stare at gracchus . his eye slowly narrow to a squint . his jaw drop open as he stare . after a beat of fix stare : autolochus ( cont ’d ) -.. if we have but — but — director CUT . cut. faith . have but faith . baird faith ! faith ? not , um — director no , they change it . baird goddamnit . sorry , I 'il get it , do not worry . gracchus could I get a pat down , I be sweat like a pig . 115 . ext . capitol lot - day eddie mannix and natalie they stride across the lot , Natalie follow Eddie with she notepad as at the beginning of the movie . natalie gloria delamour check herself out of we Lady of perpetual Rest and show up for work in good shape . eddie nn. natalie still raining in Gallup , New Mexico , and the '' tucumcari ! '' crew have shot all the plate we need for '' come the rain . '' eddie then—just shoot the showdown in the weather and we will retitle it '' tucumcari Tempest '' '' Desert squall '' '' hold back the Storm '' ... he momentarily cast about . voice -over the storey begin . the storey end . eddie I dunno — bounce it off the writer . voice -over so it have be . natalie check . here 's today 's call list . she hand a sheet forward . he study it , hand it back . eddie add a call to a Mr. cuddahy at the lockheed Corporation . natalie Long call , short ? eddie '' thanks but no thanks '' — how long be that ? 116 . voice -over but the story of Eddie mannix — natalie check . who do we call first ? voice -over — will never end . Eddie push back a sleeve to look at he watch . eddie New York first . time to check in with Mr. schenk . voice -over for he be a tale write ... in light everlast . as they head up the walk to the administration building we boom up to bring into view the skyline of the lot beyond . in the middle distance be the Capitol picture water tower , one word paint on its face : behold . a slant sun , hide by cloud , send down golden beam .