'' welcome to the sixty ...........+ auesneeneraee a0 tableof ~~ content welcome to the theater ........ ssessseseeees anensennenanseen peasennanenae tenenseneee il about hairspray JR . .- vil the show . a1 good Morning Baltimore a the nicest kid in town .....: sscescesceesn aeeneensenenee tesernenate Weserenatens 9 mama , I be a Big girl now tscucsseesesseesenseeee ess ateneeeseesene stveenee see 2d the nicest kid ( reprise ) . it take two .....: run and tell that .. the Big dotthouse . Baltimore ( reprise ; without Love ............ eat 85 1 know where I have be ......... soraurasenannece deeensenanseen deseneeeneateeeaneneanen 95 ( it 's ) hairspray . cooties . you can not stop the beat ( part 1 ) you can not stop the beat ( part 2 ) .esssssssscccssssseeennecssereseesnneee . word to know from hairspray jr. evnenensene deeseeneeseeenseeseees ! weeee 26 glossaly wesc eeeeeeeneeeeeecenseasessencessencessencerees haneneneees , weeteenseeenenee ! 127 halrspray JR . actor 's script '' 2013 mii enterprise , Inc. Book copyright '' 2002 merk o' donnell and Thomas meehan ' Music copyright @ 2009 , 2001 , 2002 winding Brook Way Music lyric copyright '' 2600 , 2001 , 2002 walli woo entertainment and winding Brook Way Music actor 's script Front matter '' 2013 mii enterprise inc. , create by thectries : under the supervision of timotty Allen mcdonaid . Broadway junior , the Broadway junior coftection , family matter , and showkit be registerad trademark of Music theater intemational . all ights reserve . unauthorize duptication be prohibit by faw . tere lia > ) ss > 3 '' = 's - welcome to the theater congratulation ! you will be work with you creative team and fellow cast member to put on a musical . before you begin rehearsals , there be some important thing you should know . this book be you script . whether put on a_ school production or rehearse a professional show , every actor , director and stage manager work from a script . you script contain some additional information like this introduction and a glossary . you can look up any bold word in the glossary at the back of this book . be sure to take good care of you script , and use a pencil when take note in it , since what you will be stage Center stage right stage Left downstage | downstage | downstage do onstage can change during rehearsals . one of the first thing you will need to learn be what to call the various area of the stage . since most stage use to be rake , or tilt down toward the house , where the audience sit , we stiil use the term downstage to refer to the area close to the audience and upstage to refer to the area furthest from the audience . stage leave and stage right be from the actor 's perspective when face the audience . the diagram above show how to use this term to label nine different part of the hairspray JR . synopsis early on a Monday morning in early June , 1962 , tracy turnblad wake up to face another day , full of hope and big dream ( good Morning Baltimore ) . after school , Tracy and she best friend penny pingleton race home to watch '' the corny Collins show , '' a local teenage music and dance show on tv ( the nicest kid in town ) . on the show , teen idol link larkin pledge he tove to amber von tussle by give she he Council member ring , and corny collin announce audition for new Council member . see she chance at stardom , Tracy plan to cut school and audition for the show , but she mother edna turnblad do not approve . elsewhere , penny and amber also argue with they mother ( mama I be a Big girl now ) . Tracy go to the audition , but be ridicule by the girl on the show and send away by amber 's mother and show producer , velma von tussle . sitting in detention , a frustrated Tracy learn some new dance move from seaweed J. stubb , a black student whose mother be motormouth maybelle - the dj who host the monthly negro Day on '' the corny Collins show . '' the next evening there be a school dance and there , Tracy be able to impress corny with the new move she pick up in detention , earning she a spot on '' the corny Collins show . '' during she debut , link larkin sing a song just for Tracy ( it take two ) . now a local star , Tracy get a offer to be the spokesgirl for mr . pinky 's the hefty hideaway , a clothing store . Tracy get she mother out of the house for the first time in year as the duo head to the store to update they wardrobe ( welcome to the sixty ) . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com at school , Tracy continue to be tease by amber and become the target in a dodgeball game . after the game , link , penny , and seaweed stay behind to help Tracy , and there seaweed invite they to join he at he mother 's record shop ( run and tell that ) . the von tussles barge in and spoil the party with they bigotry , however , this give Tracy the idea to integrate ' the corny Collins show '' by have motormouth and she daughter , little inez , crash mother / daughter Day on the show . fear of police and jail do not stop Tracy from move forward with the plan . unfortunately , the plan for integration land all of the mother and daughter in jail ( the Big dollhouse ) . everyone get out , except Tracy who be deny bail ( Baltimore - reprise ) . link come to the rescue and profess he love for Tracy , while elsewhere seaweed and penny reveal they feeling for each other too ( without Love ) . the kid hatch ° a plan to get Tracy on the nationwide miss teenage hairspray broadcast , and bring the news to motormouth , who express that she will never stop fight for equality ( 1 know where I have be ) . corny Collins begin he nationwide broadcast ( {it 's ) hairspray ) and introduce amber for she dance ( cooties ) . just before amber be crown miss teenage hairspray , Tracy and she friend storm in and take over the show ( you can not stop the beat - part 1 ) . corny declare Tracy as the new miss teenage hairspray 1962 , and Tracy declare that '' the corny Collins show '' be officially integrate . edna make a grand entrance , and even the von tussy can not resist the celebration ( you can not stop the beat - part 2 ) . 5 a ] ss " 's 2 os [ a hairspray jr. character a i- > ) S 2 . a > md tracy turnblad " ss corny collin | edna turnblad penny pingleton velma von tussle amber von tussle link larkin seaweed J. stubb little inez stubb motormouth maybelle prudy pingleton council member & councilette : ( brad , tammy , fender , sketch , shelley , iq , brenda , lou ann ) wilbur turnblad principal lorraine gilbert mr . pinky dynamite ( judine , kamilah , shayna ) gym teacher cindy watkins matron beatnik chick male guard newscaster ( v.0 . ) ensemble ( citizen of baltimore , mother & daughter , girl in gym CLASS , kide , black ensemble & teens , mr . pinky 's staff , fan ) vi ii hairspray JR . prologue 1 - good morning baltimore begin . ) good morning baltimore ( the curtain rise on tracy turnblad in she bed . the time be around 7a.m. on a Monday morning in early June of 1962 . ) 15 19 14 4 tracy : oh , oh , oh , — 3 - — — wake up to - day feel - ing the way I al - way do oh , oh , oh 24 , — — _ 3 — — 3 — 1 1 a oe a oe * o— oe ih hang -ry for some - thing that I can not eat then ea " 3 a — 3 — k sss I hear the beat that rhy - thmy of town start mtly 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 1 cal - ling I down it 's like a mes-sage from 30 3 high a-bove oh , oh , oh pul - ling I out to the ( tracy : ) 33 3 - 5 street that smile and the I love good morn - ing ensemble : good morn - ing ev - 'ry day 's like ano - pen door bal - ti-more ah — ev - 'ty night be a fan - ta-sy ev - 'ry sound 's like a __ fan - ta-sy 2 hairspray jr. sym - pho -ny good morn -ing bal - ti- more good morn -ing bal - ti- more and some day when I take to the floor ooh ooh world 's — go - to wake up — and -— see wah . see bal - ti-more and I . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com know ev - 'ry_ step know ev - ‘ty song Hoot hoo - oot hoo - know there 's a place where oot where I be-long see all the part - y light hoot hoo - oot some - one in - vite I be - fore I — drop — dead . 4 hairspray JR . he ps a fore she — drop — dead — ( tracy ) — 3 — give I a chance ' cause when I start to dance ima mov ensemble : mov - ie — — _ star — 88 3s some-thing in - side of I make I move when make I move mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 5 67 r— 3 I hear that groove my mar tell I no but my — 3 — I hear that groove ( tracy :) — — 3 — 3s foot tell I go it 's like a drum-mer in - n ( tracy : ) side my heart oh , oh , oh ensemble : .. side my heart do not make I wait one more mo - ment for my life to 3 one more mo - ment for my life to 6 hairspray JR . start good morn - ing , good morn - ing , wait- ing for my life to start ! I love you — 3 — 3 ev - 'ry day 's like ano - pen door — bal - ti-more ah — - ev-'ry night be a fan - ta-sy ev - 'ry sound 's like a — fan - ta-sy mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 7 sym - pho -ny and I pro-mise bal - ti-more I pro-mise bal - ti-more take to the floor the — — 3 — that some - day when I take to the floor — — 3 — 3 a1 world 's go - to wake up — — and — — see wah see - — 3 — gon - to wake up and . ee gon- to wake up and 8 hairspray JR . bal - ti- more and see yes , more or less we all a - a bal-ti-more_and — I gree some - day the world be go - to bal - ti-more and — = see and — I ! scene one ( # 2 - the nicest kide in town begin . ) the nicest kide in town ( tv station wzzt and the corny : hey there , teenage Baltimore ! turnblad home be onstage do not change that channel ! ' Cause it 's simultaneously . in the home , _ time for " the corny Collins show ! " edna be irone . Monday bring to you by ultra clutch hairspray ! afternoon . ) 4 4 mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 9 ( corny : ) for hair that hold up even in a NASA wind tunnel ! council member : oo pe ss z = 4 — 2 = oe ~ eee we er fg ooh 00 . a ooh = oo —_-___-_______ 00. 90 . ( council member :) hoo hoo hoo hoo - 15 ] , corny : ev -'ry af - ter-noon when the clock strike four — ( council member :) oot bop bee ba ba ba ba ba _ ba bee ba 10 hairspray JR . ( corny : ) 19 cra - zy bunch of kid crash through that door 1 corny : council member : bop bee ba ba ba ba ba ba bee ba ow throw off they coat . oot square be - shake it , shake it , shake it woot mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 11 ow oot ow see they frown . ' cause they be the nic - est kid in town ! woot nic - est kid in town ! tracy : hurry , penny , hurry — the show 's already start ! penny : I be hurry , Tracy , but my mother say I be not allow to perspire ! ( prudy enier . she be pick up she laundry . ) prudy : edna , be my laundry ready ? edna : sure it be , hun . that will be three dollar . prudy : ( digging in she purse ) that 's pretty pricey for a few pair of pettipant . edna : I be sorry , prudy pingleton but ... ( tracy and penny enter . ) four o'clock . guess I do not need to ask who get detention again . Tracy turnblad say hello to we guest . 374 8 rd e ) tracy : hello , Mrs. pingleton . edna : and you , penny ? penny : hello , Mrs. pingleton ... I mean ... mother . ( tracy and penny cross to the tv and turn it on . ) 6 12 hairspray jr. edna : ( to prudy ) teenager . they just love watch that corny Collins . prudy : delinquent . it be not right dance to that color music . edna : do not be silly , it be not color , the tv 's black and white . ( prudy exit with she bundle , shaking she head in disapproval . ) 54 9x 83 ] corny : Nice white kid who like to lead the way — and 65 ( corny : ) - * — — — — 3 — — — — F for e - ye once a month — we have we ne- Day ! and gro Day : y council member : . = fy ne-gro Day ! ( corny : ) Im the man — who keep it spin-n round — mis - ter ( corny : ) 59 col-lin with the council member : cor - ny lat - est , great - est huh ! huh ! mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 13 bal - ti-more sound !! wooo ! sound !! [ 4 ] all : amber : Roll cali ! Im < be - ber ! 67 brad : tammy : fender : brenda : sketch : Brad ! Tam -my ! fen-der ! bren-da ! sketch ! shelley : iq : lou ann : link : shel - ley i-q Lou Ann ! and I be ... link ! tracy : oh , link , kiss I again and again . edna : turn that racket down . I be try to iron in here . 2 4 x corny : so , if 14 hairspray JR . 75 ( corny : ) ev - ‘ry night you be shak - ing as you lie in bed — council member : aah . mo-ny mo - ny , ooh , mo -ny mo - ny bass and drum be pound - ing in you head — — mo-ny mo - ny , ooh , mo -ny mo - ny ow - mtly 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 15 83 care a-bout sleep when you can snooze in school they will oot ! Hoot , ow - nev-er get to col - lege but they sure look cool do not need a oot ! ow - oot , ow - cap and a gown — ' cause they be the nic -est kid in town ! cot ! nic - est kid in town ! they're — __ the ooh 00 . 16 hairspray JR . they be the est , nic - they be the ooh - 00 the nic - est kid in gar and spice - est , a |_ — ~ ooh oo kid in kid in town ! Hoot ! mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 17 ( light shift in the tv studio . ) velma and we be off ! all right , link , stop hogging the camera ; you be not elvis yet . amber ... hog the camera . amber yes , mother . velma and you , Mr. Collins ! none of that Detroit sound today . you have something against connie Francis ? link amber , I have get something for you . ( link offer he ring to she . ) amber oh , link . you Council member ring . and it match my hair color exactly . ( amber and link hug . ) velma ah , ah , ah ! none of that ! save you personal life for the camera ! and we be back in five ... four ... three ... ( #3 — corny collin ( underscore ) begin . the light change to indicate that we be back on the air . ) corny now do not forget , guy and gidget - we very first prime - time spectacular be come up on June 6th . we will be live at Baltimore 's brand - new eventorium broadcasting nationwide ! talent scout will be on hand from all of the major record label , and sponsor the event will be none other than we own ultra clutch hairspray . all we big break ! corny also , live on the special , we will be crown you choice for miss teenage hairspray 1962 ! amber my big break ! edna ( look at the television ) well , be not she a lovely slim girl . 18 hairspray JR . tracy I guess amber 's pretty , but she can not dance . penny plastic little spastic . tracy oh , no ! look ! she 's wear link larkin 's council ring ! ( # 4 —- the new girl in town begin . ) amber hey , gang , I want to be you miss teenage hairspray . remember , a vote for I from you be a vote for I . corny hey teenage Baltimore . wanna be one of the nicest kid in town ? cut school tomorrow and come on down to station wzzt to audition ! tracy it 's a dream of a lifetime . I have to go audition . penny it 's a dream of a lifetime . I have to go watch you audition . edna ( snap off the tv ) no one be audition for anything . penny but Mrs. turnblad ... edna penny , go tell you mother she want you . penny she do ? I better hurry . bye , Mrs. turnblad . bye , Tracy . ( penny run into wilbur as he enter . ) wilbur hiya lady . since I get that new shipment of explode bubble gum , business downstairs be booming ! how be my two funny honey ? tracy daddy , tomorrow I be audition to dance on a tv show . edna no one 's audition for anything . and what do I tell you about that hair ? all ratted up like a ... mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 19 tracy mother , you be so fifty . even we first lady , Jackie B. Kennedy , rat she hair . edna yeah ? well , you be not no first lady , be ya ? ( take wilbur aside ) wilbur , talk to she . Girls like Tracy ... people like we ... they do not put people like we on television — except to be laugh at . wilbur Tracy , this tv thing ... you really want it ? tracy it 's my dream , daddy . wilbur then you go for it ! this be America , babe . you gotta think big to be big . tracy thanks , daddy . ( wilbur exit and tracy start to follow . ) edna Tracy , come back here . I have get hamper of laundry ! tracy but , mama | ] want to be famous . edna you think I want to spend my life wash and irone other people 's clothing ? no , I want to design they . you deal with what life give you . now start fold . tracy ugh . ( the focus shift to penny and prudy . ) penny but all I be do be watch corny Collins over at Tracy 's . prudy do not I forbid you from listen to race music ? oh , if the police ever locate you father he will punish you good . ( the focus shift to amber and velma . ) 2 oo hairspray JR . velma you dance be atrocious today , amber . I be willing to lie , cheat and steal to win you that miss hairspray crown , but you have get to work with I . now let I at that zit ! edna stop ! that 's no way to treat clean clothes . prudy do not contradict I ! velma do not disobey I ! edna do not even think about go to that audition . tracy , penny & amber please ! edna , prudy & velma no! tracy , penny & amber mother !!! scene two ( # 5 — mama , I ’m a big girl now begin . ) mama , I 'm a big girl now velma , edna + prudy : penny : stop ! stop itell - ing I what to do — velma , edna ab prudy : amber : do not ! do not treat I like a child of two — mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 21 ma-ma , I be a big girl now ! ma , I get - to tell you that with - out a doubt I get my best danc- les-son from you - 00 you be the one who teach I how to " twist and shout " be - cause you shout non - stop and you be so 44 — _3 — TI ttt twist - ed too - oo ! o- 0-0-0-0 girl 1 : girl 2 : once I use to fid -get ' cause I just sit home — but 2 4 hairspray jr. girl 3 : now I be just like gid-get and I get - to get to Rome ! so girl 4 : girl 5 : all girl : say , ar-riv-e - der-ci ! too-dle - loo ! and ciao ! ' Cause girl + mom : ma-ma , I be a big girl now ! oh , oh , oh stop ! do not ! no ! please!________ stop ! do not ! no ! please ! stop ! do not ! no! please ! __ girl : ma-ma I be a _ big girl now ! ma , — you al - way teach I what be mti 's Broadway junior coltection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 25 60 , = sss sa T right from wrong and now I just want - to give it a try - ay ma - mar , I have be in the nest for 64 — — a == =] 5 7 '' ' far too long so please give a push and ma-ma girl solo : 66 watch I — fly - ay watch I fly - ay hey , ma - mar , say ma - mar 69 ] penny : amber : some day I will meet a man you will not con-demn . _ — and tracy : 7 we will have some kid and you can tor-ture they but 2 6 hairspray JR . let I be a star be - fore I take that vow . ' Cause penny : — jj — ma-ma , I be a_ big girl now ! oh - oh - oh girl : amber : — j — - 3 — ma-ma , Im a big girl now ! hey - hey - hey - hey - hey 79 amber : ma-ma , I be a_ big girl ! ooh , such a big , big girl : [ 83 ] 3 — — 3 — girl ! I be a big girl stop ! do not ! no! please ! — . stop ! do not ! no! please ! _—________ stop ! do not ! mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 27 ma-ma , I be a_ big girl now !!! no ! please ! _— _ ( # 6 - big girl ( playoff ) begin . ) scene three ( the tv station . the councilette and velma sit behind a long table . link and the male council member be talk off to one side . tracy and penny enter out of breath . ) tracy phew ! I think we have never get here . stupid bus crash ! penny all my life I imagine what this place would look like . this be not it . tracy ( to velma ) hi there . be | too late to audition ? velma ( dismiss she ) not too late , dear . just too much . penny Tracy . look , it 's link ! tracy link larkin . so near , and yet so gorgeous . link I know , that girl be all over I . I do not know how rock Hudson stand it . ( and link walk right into tracy . everyone onstage freeze . # 7 — 1 can hear the bell begin . we hear the bell chime . everyone unfreeze . ) 28 hairspray jr. link Excuse I , little darlin’ , I hope I do not dent you ‘do . ( link walk off stage with the other male council member . ) penny Tracy , be you all right ? ( tracy nod she head . the councilette , lead by amber , interrogate tracy . ) amber Tracy turnblad ! what be you do here ? tracy I come to audition for comy . amber be not you usually in detention about now ? tracy I cut school to come down here . be not that too cool ? it 's always be my childhood dream to dance on this show ! amber well , maybe you oughta go back to sleep ! velma Fire away , girl ! tammy how many sweater do you own ? lou ann what color be you princess phone ? tracy ( confuse , answer both question at once ) uh , three ? Orange ? velma would you swim in a integrate pool ? tracy I sure would . I be all for integration . it 's the New Frontier ! velma not in Baltimore it be not . you be free to go . tracy uh , thank you ? mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 29 penny I could tell they secretly like you . ( little inez run on . ) little inez hello , ma’am , may I please audition ? velma of course not ! ( # 8 — transition to detention begin . ) transition to detention ( the council member exit . the scene shift as tracy and little inez step downstage and pass one another . ) slower tracy + little inez : be ] 3 I know ev -'ry step I know ev-'ry song I know there 's a place where I _ be-long ... tracy : why do they have to be so mean ? I wear the latest fashion , I keep up with all the style . I be teasing my hair as high as I can ! ( she spray she hair with hairspray . ) will they give I a chance ? encouragement ? no , all I ever hear be ... 7 10 30 hairspray JR . scene four ( principal and tracy be isolate in a spotlight . ) principal : Tracy turnblad , once again you monumental hair - do not have seriously obstruct everyone 's view of the blackboard . as principal of Patterson Park High I condemn you , to three more day of detention ! 17 , an on 3 ( light up on tracy in detention . around she be seaweed , lorraine , gilbert , thad , duane and stooie , asleep at he desk . lorraine be at the blackboard write repeatedly , '' T will not talk in speech class . '' ) tracy detention ! be there no pity for a teen just try to fit in ? seaweed maybe you ought not try so hard ? tracy Excuse I . you get detention just about every time I do , and I have never see you complain . seaweed oh , but I do . this be my way of complain . ( seaweed turn on a small transistor radio . # 9 -— detention to hop ( part 1 ) begin . the music start and he do a soulful little dance . ) tracy hey , that move 's swift . seaweed ( another step ) here 's a little something - something signify to say , '' hello , my name 's seaweed J. stubb , and what 's yours , baby ? '' tracy that 's unbelievable . can I do that ? seaweed I do not know . can you ? ( tracy and seaweed dance together . ) tracy hello . my name be Tracy turnblad . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 31 gilbert not bad for a white girl . seaweed ai not no black and white up in here . detention be a rainbow experience . ( seaweed do another step . ) tracy what 's that step ? seaweed '' peyton place after Midnight . '' ( tracy jump in with seaweed . ) fearless , girl . you really get it go on . ( tracy suddenly freeze with recognition . ) tracy I just realize who you be . you dance on negro Day . lorraine of course he do . his mom host the show . tracy you mom be motormouth maybelle , the dj ? that make you like royalty ! corny Collins be host the sophomore hop tomorrow night . if he see I dance like this with you , maybe he have put I on he show . gilbert if you two dance together in public , the only show you will get on be the eleven o'clock news . ( # 10 — detention to hop ( part 2 ) begin . the school bell ring . ) scene five ( Patterson Park High School gymnasium . corny take the mic . ) corny hey , there , sophomore and sophomore at heart . I be honore to be you guest dj here at pphs . so with no further a do - do , let 's do - do some dance . ( # 11 — the madison begin . ) 32 hairspray JR . ( corny ) what 's it call , kid ? student the madison ! corny and where have you see it first ? student '' the corny Collins show ! '' corny let 's form two big strong line — it 's madison time ! go ! ( the kide form line and dance . ) tracy hurry , seaweed , the dance have already start ! look , they be do the madison , my favorite ! seaweed you keep you eye on corny . this could be you big chance . ( tracy insinuate herself into the dance . ) little inez how come we always have to dance in the back ? seaweed I do not know . there 's they and there 's we . that 's just the way it be . corny amber , who 's you friend ? she 's like a breath of fresh , mountain air . amber eeeeh . link ( to tracy ) hey , little darlin’ . have not we meet somewhere ? tracy link larkin just speak to I . I will never wash this ear again . ( corny walk by tracy . ) hi corny . corny hey , cupcake . what 's you name ? mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 33 tracy ( as she do the '' my name be '' step ) I be Tracy turnblad . corny what else have you get hide in that buster Browns ? tracy well , here 's one J pick up in detention call '' peyton place after Midnight . '' seaweed hey , hey , hey ! check she out everybody ! ( tracy do the step as the kide join in . ) link that girl 's as free as the wind . amber everybody stop like she !!! ( the music end . ) corny and that , baltimorian , be how we do the madison ! ( # 12 —- the nicest kide ( reprise ) begin . ) scene six the nicest kide ( reprise ) ( corny : ) hey , there teenage Baltimore . you be just in time for " the corny Collins show ! " ( the focus shifis to the turnblad 2 El home . ) 8 34 hairspray JR . penny : hurry , miz turnblad ! hurry , Mr. turnblad ! come see what 's on tv . wilbur : ( enter hurriedly ) penny pingleton , this better be important . penny : it be ! 4 x 2. all : amber : brad : = > Roll call ! tm be - ber ! Brad ! tammy : fender : brenda : sketch : shelley : iq : lou ann : 18 tam-my ! fen-der ! bren-da ! sketch ! shel - ley ! I - q! Lou ( wilbur , edna , link : tracy : and penny shriek . ) Ann ! link ! and I be ... tra-cy ! corny : 25 so , if ev-'ry night you be shak -ing as you council ny night y 6 y member : whoo ! so , if ev -'ry night you be shak - ing as you mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 35 penny , edna , wilbur : go tra-cy ! go , go , tra-cy ! ( corny : ) lie in bed and the ( council member :) lie in bed — and the ( corny : ) bass and drum be pound - ing in you head — ( council member :) 7 , bass and drum be pound - ing in you head — who care a-bout sleep when you can ow - oot ! 36 hairspray jr. snooze in school they will nev-er get to col - lege but they Hoot , ow - oot ! ow - oot , ow - a gown ' cause they be the nic -est kid in town ! oot ! nic - est kid in town ! 39 k ~- = ss ooo ee : a 4 a = ij a '' eso ee eg ooh 00 . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 37 ooh 00 99 ooh 00 gar and spic - est , the nic - est kid in eee ooh 00 -—-— ——__________ kid in kid in town ! kid in town ! Hoot ! 3 8 hairspray jr. corny yeah ! and that be we dance of the week — '' peyton place after Midnight , '' introduce to you by we brand new Council member , miss Tracy turnblad . cozy up to old corny and tell we about yourself , trrrrace . tracy well , I go to Patterson Park High , I watch you show , and I do absolutely nothing else . ( the council member applaud and cheer . ) but someday I hope to be the first woman president of the world or a rockette . you get to think big to be big ! corny and if you be president , what would you first official act be ? tracy well , I have make every day negro Day ! velma aaaaiiiieeeeel !!!!! corny tread you like tomorrow 's headline , trace ! look like we might just have a hot new candidate for miss teenage hairspray . amber ( try to grab the mic ) no , she can not be miss hairspray ! corny so , Tracy , tell we true , how would you like link larkin to sing a song just for you ? amber ( try to grab the mic ) no! tracy would i? would i? amber ( try again to grab the mic ) you people be ignore the law of nature ! corny link larkin , we own budd elvis , will now sing , '' it take two . '' mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 39 amber mother ! ( # 13 - it take two begin . ) it take two et — z . ooh______________ ooh . it take — se two ooh ooh—________doo doo wop ! they say it 's a man 's world , well , that can - not be de - nied — — i-— but what good 's a man' — world with - out a c3 . will - man . by he side 40 hairspray JR . and so I will wait un - till that mo- ment you — de - cide that 12 ' link : ( link ) — - — — —e the 6 ee V I be you man and you be my — girl . __ that guy : ass 3 i : Im you man and you be my — girl.__ — 13 — _ — i 1 = E = — a Im the sea and you be the — pearl_ _ it take y — } Im the sea and you be the pearl__ it— take two . it take two . do n'- cha know it take two , mtly 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 41 a ( link : ) just like fran-kie av - a - lon — — _ have _ he ( guy : ) ooh . - ' rite mouse - ke - teer . — — — _ — _— — _— — — — ooh . I dream of a lov-er babe = , ooh . os thing I long to hear wah wah 44 . hairspray jr. so come clos-er ba-by , oh and whis - per in my ooh ooh ( link : ) you be my girl I be you boy — — that I be you _ girl , you be my boy you be my girl , I be you boy mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 45 you be my pride and I be you joy — — I be you pride , you be my joy . you be my pride , I be you joy sand and you be the tide__ you be the Im the sand , you be the tide the groom if you will be my bride . it take be the groom , Ill be you bride be the groom be my bride 46 hairspray JR . it take two a it take two rit. oo — it take two — ba - by , it take two . it take two . ahh two , — ___ ooh —_ mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 47 ( as the song be end tracy kiss link on the cheek . light shift to '' off air . '' ) ( # 14 — it take two ( playoff ) begin . ) scene seven ( the turnblad home . edna be frazzle from hour on the phone . ) edna ( into the phone ) yes . thank you so muchl ... I be sure Tracy appreciate you vote for miss teenage hairspray . yes ! and she love you too . very much . whoever you be . good-bye ! tracy ( burst in excitedly ) mama , do you see , do you see I ? edna of course I do . it be on television . the phone 's be ringing like we be a telethon . tracy so you be not mad ? edna mad ? how could I be mad ? you be famous ! be you happy , honey ? tracy yes , mama . and I think I be in love . 48 hairspray jr. edna I know . I have be follow . ( the telephone ring . ) and there it go again . tracy ( answer the phone ) hello ? yes , this be Tracy turnblad . hello , Mr. pinky . edna ( in a excited whisper ) Mr. pinky ? the Mr. pinky ? as in '' Mr. pinky 's hefty hideaway — quality clothes for quantity gal '' ? that Mr. pinky ? tracy you want to hire I as you exclusive spokesgirl ? that 's very flatter , but I be afraid all business must go through my agent . ... it would be we pleasure . we will be right over , Mr. pinky . ( tracy hang up the phone . ) edna a agent ! I do not know any agent . ( tracy give she mother a look . ) edna who ? me? Tracy turnblad , fame have go to you head and leave you wacky . tracy mother , there 's a great big world out there I know nothing about . when thing get rough , a girl need she mother . ( # 15 — welcome to the sixties begin . ) welcome to the sixties edna : hun , I will be right beside you , if that 's what you want . but can not we do it over the phone ? I have not be out of this apartment since mamie eisenhower roll she hose and bobbe she bang . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 49 — ma-ma_ hey ma-ma , look a - round ev '' S — 'ry - bo - dy 's groov - in ' to a brand new sound_ hey — ma-ma hey ma-ma fol - low — I — — a — know some -thing 's in you that you want - to set free so let go , — go , go of the past__ now_ say hel - lo 19 — — — k a = = sss ss — to the love in you heart yes , I know — that the world 's spin-n fast — —. now — you get -ta tracy + dynamite : get your-self a brand new start hey ma-ma wel - come to the 50 hairspray JR . six - tie oh - 0 - 0 - 0 - of oh vy — — ma-ma wel -come to the six-ties oh - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 ee go_ — ma-ma go , go , gol 34 , — a wel - come to the six-ties wo-o - of - of - of — hey ma - mar — yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ! ( tracy and edna hit the street of Baltimore for a fashion and hair makeover . they arrive at the hefty hideaway . ) tracy : hello , Mr. pinky . I be Tracy . mr . pinky : there 's my shine star ! Television do not do you justice . edna : oh , Mr. pinky , you certainly pick a lovely girl to put the plus in you plus-size . mr . pinky : now , Tracy , this can not be you agent . she must be you gorgeous , big sister . 4 mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 51 edna : ( squealing with delight ) why , Mr. pinky , I be not she gorgeous , big sister , I be ... tracy : she 's my mother . 1. 49 , 3 ss = : = ql mr . pinky : step inside and let 's make a deal . ( mr. pinky and edna disappear into the store . ) 54 szq_ all : you ma-ma 's well -com - ing the six - tie oh - — you ma-ma 's well -com - ing the six - tie oh - ( ean beseige tracy for photo and autograph . ) — '' - 0 - 0 - 0 — — — — go ma-ma , g0 , _ — go , go ! 5 2 hairspray jr. dynamite : wel -come to the rhy - thmy of a brand new day take you old ensemble : ww Hoot hoo Hoot hoo — — fa-shion fear — and just throw — — they a-way - ay and just throw they a-way - ay mr . pinky + he staff : 70 2 you should add some co - lor and a fresh new " do " dynamite + ensemble : all : Hoot hoo — Hoot hoo — ' Cause it 's time gop ( all ) for a star who look just like you ! fl 6 judine : do not - cha let no - bo - dy ty to mt ! 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 53 steal you fun — ' Cause a light - tle touch of lip-stick nev-er kamilah : hurt no one — the fu-ture have a _ mil-lion road for at kk — rno ] = mu @ '' 7 of for — — fe. — e v — you to choose — but you will walk — — a lit-tle tal - ler in some shayna : 83 high -heeled shoe and once you find the style that make you dynamite + ensemble : feel like you some-thing fresh some - thing new step on out 87 hear we shout ma-ma , that 's you cue !!! o0 ( edna emerge from the shop look resplendent . ) edna : dynamite hey . + ensemble : — yeah , . 5 4 . halrspray JR . yeah , yeah ! 93 ] ( edna : ) — _ — tra-cy , hey ba -by , look at I ! Im 95 , ge = = al of a os '' — — the cut -est chick - ie that you ev-er do see___ hey — trac-y , hey ba -by , look at we where ( edna : ) ( tracy enter the hefty hideaway . ) — be there a team that 's half as fa-bu-lous ! I let go , dynamite + ensemble : ws I let go , the past Said hel - lo — — — 0 , go Said hel - lo_ mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 55 103 a — to this red car- pet ride — ______ yes , I know — hoo hoo hoo that the world 's spin-n fast now tell lol -lo - hoo . edna 107 + part 1 : bri-gi- da to step a - side ! you ma-ma 's wel-com -ing the part 2 : hoo a-way - ay well - com -ing the a — ~ — six -ty wo-oh-oh - oh oh 56 hairspray JR . — you ma-ma 's well - com - ing a — you ma-ma 's wel-com -ing the six - tie 114 go.__ ma- mar go , go , go ! = — oh-o-0 - 0 -0 oh oh oh — ~— go__ ma- mar go , go , go ! 117 | ( all : — — — wel - come to the _ six - tie . St — oo - pen the door — for the girl aw , — no — who have more , she 's a star__ _ tra-cy , go , go , gol mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 57 ( tracy re-enter in a match outfit . ) tracy , edna 4 + part 1 : hey ma-ma well -come to the six-ties '' oh - part 2 ; hey ma-ma well -come to the six-ties woh-oh - o! ~ oh oh ma- mar well -come to the six - tie — ma~- mar well - come to the six - tie oh-o-0 - a -o oh oh oh go 58 hairspray JR . — ma-ma go , go , go ! 135 , wel - come to six - tie . ws wel - come to the six - tie _—___ . go ma - woh-oh - oh oh - oh - woh - ~ mar — woh-oh - oh — — oh - oh-woh - oh - oh — go ma-ma go , go , go ! mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 59 ( # 16 — sixties ( playoff ) begin . ) scene EIGHT ( Patterson Park hs . amber , lou ann , and tammy enter . shelley enter wear a wig design to make she look like tracy . amber stare ... ) amber what be that suppose to be ? shelley be not it the dreamiest ? it 's call '' the Tracy . '' everyone who 's anyone have one . gym teacher Gather up , student . brace yourselves for scatter dodgeball . amber link larkin , how could you kiss that bee-hive buffalo right on the ... air ? link it be just a cool way to end the song . ( tracy , seaweed and the other kide enter . ) tracy ( see link . prays to herself ) oh , link , if fate force you to throw the ball at I today , seal it with a kiss . penny ( come to tracy ) hi Tracy . ( notice seaweed ) hello . tracy seaweed , this be my best friend , penny Lou pingleton . seaweed wait , I have see you before . at the gum machine get you wrigley 's . penny ( proudly ) I do two pack a day . 6 0 hairspray JR . seaweed wow . amber well , well , well , Tracy tugboat , you finally find a title you could win : miss detention ! link knock it off , amber . tracy amber von tussle , you have acne of the soul . ( # 17 — scatter dodgeball begin . ) gym teacher student ... commence ! ( and with a shrill whistle the game begin , everything move in slow motion . amber get the ball and throw it at tracy . ) amber eat dodgeball , Tracy ! ( amber viciously snap the ball right into tracy 's head . tracy crumple to the ground , knock out . a whistle blow . back to regular time . ) gym teacher game over . ( the school bell ring . ) class dismiss ! ( the girl and gym teacher exit . ) amber poor Tracy . so tragic , I forget to cry . be you come , link ? link amber , that be not necessary . amber I say , be you come , link ? link in a minute . amber I will be wait . mty' Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 61 ( amber exit . seaweed , penny and link go to tracy be aid . ) penny uh oh , Tracy ? be you dead ? link ( at tracy 's side ) Tracy ? Tracy , how you doin 's ? gee , you be beautiful when you be unconscious . ( # 18 — hear the bell ( reprise ) begin . a bell tone identify '' I can hear the bell '' as link mouth that word . ) tracy ( revive ) where be i? link ? ( look into link 's eye ) wherever I be , nobody change the channel . link you have get a funny way of put thing . I like that . seaweed you better ? for a second there it look like '' Teen angel '' time . tracy oh , link , this be my friend seaweed . ( the boy grunt toward each other . ) link how you doin 's ? seaweed how you doin 's ? penny ( to tracy ) how be you do ? tracy how do you think ? I just get cream in front of the entire school . seaweed hey , trace , I know what will make you feel better . my mom 's pitchin’ a platter party at we record shop on North Avenue . wanna come check it out ? 62 hairspray JR . ( # 19 — run and tell that begin . ) run and tell that penny : I , too , feel not good . May I also come check it out ? seaweed : you surely may . 4 tracy : I have never be to North Avenue before . link : would it be safe up there for , you know , we ? seaweed : do not worry , it 's cool . tracy : what do you think , link ? 5 3x ensemble : . — 5 eo '' 7 ? =} B D F — — ooh ooh ooh ooh link : I think get to know you be the beginning of a whole lot of adventure . tracy : I feel so hip ! ooh ooh ooh___ seaweed : glad you feel that way , friend , ' Cause not everybody do . = — ooh ooh woo ! __ 13 ] seaweed : I can not see why peo-ple look at I — and on - ly — see the col - or of my face and mti 's Broadway junior cotlection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 63 then there 's that that try to help , God know , but al - way 7 have to put I in my place . now ys I will not ask — you to be col - or blind_ .. ' cause if you 2a | gite == so a ne het id z pick the fruit then girl you be sure to find . the black -er the ber - ry the strong - er the tree . you could 27 ss will ) say it be not so . but dar lin’ , look at I ! _ — the y dark - er the choc - 'late the sweet - er the sou !l , — and 6 4 . hairspray jr. ys that 's where it 's at ... .. now run and tell_ — seaweed : that !! you bet~ - ter run and tell — — tracy , penny + link : run and tell that ! ( the song continue as 35 we segue directly into ... ) run and_ tell that ! scene nine ( motormouth maybelle 's record shop . little inez and other black teens be dance as seaweed , penny , tracy , and link arrive . ) = 2 little inez : hey , you be Tracy . you be my favorite dancer on " the corny Collins show . " seaweed : this be my sister , Little inez . tracy : sure , I see you at the audition . little inez : well , you be the only one who do , ' cause they kick I out on my young and gift behind . 3x little inez : I be mtly 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 65 43 ) . ( little inez : ) ti-r of cov - 'rin ' up all my pride — ( clap ) so I have get a give I five on the black - hand side mov - in 's and I get my own voice 66 hairspray JR . how can I help but to shout and be - joice = ] ( little inez : ) peo-ple ' round here — can bare - ly pay they rent — they be tryn ' to make a dol - lar out of fif - teen cent_ but we get the spir - it mon-ey just can not buy — it 's ( little inez : ) deep as a riv-er and soars_ — to the sky !! ____ all : — = deep as a riv-er and soar — — to the sky !{—___ mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 67 60 seaweed : see the rea-son it can not be I can not see_ seaweed + a2 q ( seaweed : ) little inez : world where we all get we chance — — the ( seaweed + little inez : ) time be all : now — and we can show ‘em how just turn the time be now as mus - ic up and let 's all dance — — ' cause ooh ooh ooh 6 8 hairspray JR . all thing be e - qual when it come to love ee = ooh ooh ooh . o0h_ ooh ooh that be not quite true ' cause when push come to shove _ the huh ! ooh ooh ooh . black -er the ber - ry the strong - er the tree — _ could Hoot uh-hu-huh — ss " say it be not so_ — but dar - lin’ , look at I ! — the mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 69 — — dark -er the choc - 'late the sweet - er the soul , — 00 hoot hmm ! 78 ( opt. 8vb} — that 's where it 's at ...— .. now run and tell that 's where it 's at ! you bet - ter run and tell bi ~~ run and tell___ that ! run and tell that ! you bet - ter run and tell run and tell that ! 70 hairspray JR . sa little inez : a run and tell run and tell that ! that ! ( motormouth make she entrance . ) motormouth there 's platter of tune and food on the table . what else would you expect from ... all Ms. motormouth maybelle ! seaweed mama , I bring some friend . penny I be penny Lou pingleton , and I be very pleased and scared to be here . motormouth you be welcome , kitten , to come and sit in . tracy this be just so afro-tastic . I be seaweed 's friend , Tracy . motormouth oh , yes , indeedy . I have see you , sweetie . all aglow on corny 's show . tracy gee , thanks . the only reason I be on the show be because of you son . seaweed enough talk . we come to dance . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 71 ( # 20 —- dirty boogie begin . ) tracy , penny , & link the dirty boogie ! ( they start to dance when the door suddenly burst open . ) amber aaaaaaiiiiiieeeeeee !!!! link ! what be you do in this huge crowd of minority ? link we be have a blast . come on , jump in . ( the door burst open again . ) velma aaaaaaaaiiiiiiieeeeeee !!!!! amber ! motormouth y’all better hustle . here 's von tussle . velma motormouth , be you brainwashing this child ? motormouth they be only dance . tracy yeah , we be dance . velma ( take in tracy ) oh ! I should have know you have be at the bottom of this barrel . ( the door open again , and this time edna enter with a take - out bag . ) edna ooooooooohhhhhh !!! Tracy , that be you I see ! ( call out the door ) wilbur ! it be the kid I see . tracy mama , what be you do here ? edna T have a sudden craving for chicken and waffle , so we drive up to Ruby 's take - out across the way . hello everyone . I be Tracy 's mom . 72 hairspray jr. velma ( take in edna ) oh ! so , you be what spawn that ! edna Tracy , be a dear , hold mommy 's waffle . ( edna take a threaten step toward velma as wilbur enter . ) wilbur alright , a party ! anyone for chicken and waffle ? velma ( start toward the door ) come on , amber . let 's get back to the right side of the track . amber ( follow velma ) let 's go , link . link amber , you be be rude to this people . velma ( as if to a dog ) amber . come ! amber ( just like mama ) link. come ! ( link do not move . ) link ! come !!! link amber. go. amber ( try to save face ) what ever happen to the bland , spineless boy I fall in love with ? mother , come . ( amber march out the door . ) velma with pleasure . ( velma and amber be go . a pause and then ... ) edna I do not care for they . mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 73 tracy well , I know how we can start change thing . if kid see we dance together on tv they have realize that we be not so different after all . seaweed you say you and link would be willing to dance with we on negro Day ? that would be earth shaking ! link ( get nervous ) Tracy ... tracy no . we be not go to dance on negro Day . link ( relieved ) whew . tracy ( point to motormouth ) you be go to crash White Day ! motormouth ya gotta get more specific than that ! tracy be tomorrow specific enough ? think : it 's mother daughter Day . Ms. motormouth , you work for the station . they could never turn you and Little inez away . little inez we will set off spark , like Rosa Parks ! motormouth child , it be not that easy . this be not parcheesi . what if they call the cop ? tracy then we will all walk out together . without dancer they have get no show . cindy watkins you get that right . motormouth ( to wilbur and edna ) what a decision ; you girl 's get vision . 74 hairspray jr. link Tracy , you can not do this . you will be throw off the show for sure . tracy that 's why we be all gonna do it together . link not I . I like this people . but whether or not they be on tv will not get I a recording contract . ( link realize this sound too shallow . ) that come out wrong . I have be sing and dance and smile on that show for three year wait for my break . Saturday night be everything I have work for . I be not gonna throw it away . C ’mon . ( link start toward the door . ) tracy no ! I want to do this , and so should you . link , stay . please . link sorry . tracy but you and I together ... I be just start to think .... link sure . I too . but I do not know . see ya , little darlin’ . ( link exit . ) penny I be sorry , Tracy . tracy oh mama ... how could I think link larkin would ever care about someone like I ? edna why would not he ? you be a beautiful girl . it 's just ... boy be not the brightest thing . still , you give he time . I be sure he will figure out he 's crazy about you . tracy you have to say that . you be my mother . wilbur but Tracy , he could be right . should you risk you career ? go to jail ? mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com — < 75 tracy I never would have get on the show without seaweed . no , it 's payback time . edna but what if Ms. motormouth be right ? they could call the cop . tracy do not be silly . who have call the cop on we ? okay . so this be how we be gonna do it . we will meet at the studio ... scene ten ( # 21 — the big dollhouse begin . ) the big dollhouse ( light fade and we hear protest noise follow by siren . the female cast with the exception of prudy , be in jail ! tracy : so maybe a matron stand waich over they . ) I be wrong . 3 slow swing 3 an 8 women : : I get - to get out , I get - to get out , I get - to get out , how would I get in _ this | rit. : — 3 — 3 slam -mer , this cool - er this big doll - | _ — 76 hairspray JR . matron : ok , lady , welcome to the big dollhouse ! for that of youse new to the penal system I be let you know now that I do not stand for no cussing , gambling , fight or any other sort of unladylike behavior . 7 7 moderate swing house ! think of I as a mother ... p| who eat she young . velma : lock up with all this edna : ; =— - === 2 ee ht =e '' of F low - life will - man and _ hor - i - zon - tal stripe be not ex - amber : act - ly slim - minute 's be there a-ny ~ - bo - dy here who can 92 matron : all : dry clean my blouse ? its the may 's day off in the os [ 85 ] little inez : a , big doll - house . lad -y jus - tice , 38 edna : — where you go ? ooh , wil -bur , check , I think I leave my mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 77 — S i-ron on ! — do you see cor-ny laugh - ing ? I could mur- der that louse ! Ho - ney , that - all get you life in the 43 ] velma : big doll - house , big house ! lock up here all : penny : edna : in the pen , Big House ! _ — — no phone ! no amber : motormouth : food ! no man ! and it 's free -dom 's flame — that vel - mar 48 principal : want to douse . so we must break out of this matron : you do the crime , you do the time . a big doll - house . 78 hairspray JR . 53 ] . tracy : pen-ny , I can not take all this wait - ing I have lose my man , — plus , my hair 's de - flat - ing ! well , all : ( scream ) tra - cy , I hate to grum - ble or grouse but it 's 50 — 3 — beatnik chick : you fault that we be in this big doll - house !! hey , cool it , la-dy , no need to shout and velma : don - ' cha get a old man to bail you out ? ha ! her edna : dad - dy 's | a_los-er , a jok - er , a souse ! well , it 's mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 79 just we girl in the big doll - house , Big House ! amber : all : = | — z == — V — I be too young to fry ! Big House ! edna : motormouth : — I be bust - ing out ! girl , so be I ! all : bp4 — — — — — — — — bs '' — se @ i— # to La - dy jus - tice , hear . my plea ' cause the 75 , = big doll - house , the big doll - house , the big doll - house — be not big e - nough — for 80 hairspray JR . — for I ! male guard : 85 . nn an nn for I ! edna to think I have live to have a rap sheet . if my mother be alive ... ( put she arm around tracy ) .. she would be so proud . remember , you grandma be a suffragette . tracy you have not hear the last from we , Mrs. von tussle . we will be march again , and soon , to the beat of a whole new era ! velma bang you drum , bonzo . no one care . you crash the studio once and get we all arrest . but we will not let that happen again . and do not get anymore cute idea about show up at the special . I will have armed - guard surround the eventorium to make sure Tracy can not get within 100 mile of that place . ( a guard enter with a clipboard . ) guard von tussle , velma ? von tussle , amber ? amber that 's we . guard lady , you be free to go with the sincere apology of the state of maryland and the personal compliment of the Governor himself . velma the Governor ? really ? sweet , chubby millard . so long , balti - moron ! ( velma and amber exit laugh . ) mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 81 edna I still do not care for they . ( wilbur enter with the male guard . ) wilbur I post bail . edna wilbur ! how ? wilbur simple really . I mortgage the har - de- har Hut . tracy oh , daddy . edna but that place be you life . wilbur you two be my life . bail for everyone ! bail for the house ! you be free to go . ( all the women file out of the cell . the turnblad hang back . ) male guard hold it — ( read from a official - look document ) Tracy turnblad be herewith and forthwith withheld , without bail . she be to be move to solitary confinement and hold there until further notice by special order of the Governor 's office . ( the male guard slam the cell door with tracy inside . ) wilbur I be not leave here without my daughter . tracy it 's okay , daddy . they can not keep I here forever . besides , I have get a lot to think about . I might as well do it in solitary refinement . edna touch one hair on my little girl 's head and I will be back to teach you a whole new meaning for split end . ( they all file out the door . ) little inez keep the faith , baby . 8 2 hairspray jr. penny you be so lucky to get out of the algebra final . ( # 22 — baltimore ( reprise ) begin . everyone be offstage except tracy . light dim to nighttime . ) baltimore ( reprise ) tracy : — — j -— — oh , oh , oh I be all a - lone my heart have grow but it 's brok - en , too . this morn - ing life be a _ bal - it - more fair - y tale now I can not make bail ! my moth -er 's in shock my fath - er 's in hock I hh — 3 — os 3 Z pr T eb oe a— J zf oe = — — == of much pre - fer link 's arm to jail - house cell mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 83 so link , please re - cue I now ' cause I love you , and this pri- son smell . — 3 — , ( link slip in stealthily . ) — _ link , hear the bell ! link : Tracy ? where be you ? tracy : link ! over here ! link : shhh gee , you look beautiful behind bar . 4 tracy : it must be the low - watt institutional lighting . link , what be you do here ? link : oh , Tracy , see you drag off to jail bring I back to my sense . I could not eat , I could not sing . I could not even concentrate . tracy : you could not eat ? 4 link no . so I go down to the station to tell Mrs. von tussle I be through with the miss hairspray broadcast . she do not care . it 's amber the talent scout be come to see . it have nothing to do with I . I feel like such a idiot . tracy that make two of we . link I know a palooka like I be not worthy of a ground - break extremist like you , but ... 84 hairspray JR . ( link produce he ring . ) ( link ) would you consider wear my ring ? tracy it 's beautiful . ( tracy put on the ring . ) J have a good life . ( # 23 — without love begin . ) without love ( tracy : ) great parent , my own room , three sweater , but you know what I have be miss , link ? link : I think I do . ( link and tracy try to kiss through the ceil bar . ) trace , they can keep we from kissing , but they can not stop we from sing . once I was_ .a sel - fish fool who nev-er un - der-stood I nev-er look — in - side__ my - self — though on the out - side , I look good ! — then we meet — and you — make I — — the man — mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 85 of = — I be to - day tra-cy , I be in love — with you — no 2 16 — j= mat - ter what . you weigh ' Cause with - out son with no sum- mer with - out love life be rock - ' n 's - roll — with - out — a drum - mer tra - cy , tl be yours for-ev ~- er ' cause I nev-er want - to be — with - out love . tracy : with - out love 86 hairspray JR . 25 — sss se tra-cy , nev-er set I free no I be not ly - ~ T ae £ = ae in 's nev-er set_me free — tra-cy , no , no , no ! hs ( the light dim on the jail and brighten on penny 's bedroom . ) prudy : penny Lou pingleton , you be absolutely , positively , permanently punish for be willful , deceitful , and completely neglectful . ( the phone ring . ) ] 4 ( prudy : ) why be it every time you be punish you daughter the phone ring ? ( prudy exit just as seaweed appear in the window . ) seaweed : psst ! penny ! penny : seaweed ! shhh ! do not let my mother hear you . seaweed : what happen ? penny : she 's punish I for go to jail without she permission . seaweed : I have come to rescue the fair maiden from she tower . penny : oh , seaweed , you do care ! seaweed : from the first moment I see you . 2 3x mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 87 4 seaweed : sss $ a i v liv - ing in — _ the ghet - to black be 4 ev - ‘ry - where ya’ go . 43 & t ; De ee ee fae we oe who would - have think I would love a girl — with skin as white as win - ter 's snow__ in my iv - ‘ry tow - er I think twink - ies be — a wow . — ____ but now that I have try choc . late I want 8 3 hairspray jr. penny + 4 ( seaweed set penny free . ) seaweed : De # _# — # of — _ # ee p — - —- — — — ed her-shey 's kiss - es now ! _— with - out 49 seaweed : — love life be like a beat_ penny + seaweed : — that you — can not fol - low with -out love life be dor - be Day — penny + seaweed : — — — — — ss ss SE — at the a - pol - lo . darl - ing , tl be yours for-ev -— er ' cause — I penny : 54 nev-er want - to be — with - out love mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script '' broadwayjr.com 89 seaweed : sba | | — " ! 7 7 o— — so darl - ing nev -er set -___ I free penny + ez — — seaweed : , 2 4 =| _ — — # 4 | I be yours for - ev - a — er nev-er set — I free . no , no , no ! ( the light come up on the jail again . we can see both couple at once . ) tracy : oh link , I have get to get out of here . if we only have some hairspray and a Zippo lighter ... a 2 link : well , I have get a Zippo lighter ! and , uh ... ( embarrassed ) I have get some hairspray too . ( link produce it from he jacket . ) tracy : link , what a special night ! you ring ! and we very own . blowtorch ! ( link torch the cell bar to make a large Tracy -shape open through which tracy escape . ) 6 link : tracy : penny : oh , tra - cy ! oh , link ! oh , 9 0 hairspray JR . prudy : seaweed : ( see seaweed ) 71 Sea - weed ! oh , Pen - ny ! oh 72 , ( prudy run the other way . ) all : no ! ' Cause with - out 74 seaweed : = wt a a life be like — a prom — that will not in - vite we ( all : ) love with - out 76 link : it 's like get-te my — big break — and la - ryn- gi - tis love with-out life 's a for-ty five — when you can not buy — it love with - out mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 91 tracy , link , tracy : penny + seaweed : life be likemy moth - er on — a di-et like a week = like a week i — _ — thats on - ly mon - day on - ly ice — that 's on - ly mon - day on - ly ice — nev - er — cteam nev - er sun - day like ascir - 84 =o a eZ — =e es cle with no cent - er like a door sass =| = $ — — _ cle with — no cent - er like a door — 9 2 hairspray JR . — mark — mark " do not en -_ ter ! " tl be yours for -ev - er ' cause I nev-er want - to nev-er want - to be — with - out love ( all : ) — — with - out = love ____ dar-lin ' you have best be - lieve I not - ver leave I _ with - out love ! mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 93 ( # 24 —- without love ( reprise ) begin . ) scene eleven ( as the scene shift , we hear the sound of siren and helicopter and thunder and rain . motormouth gaze out the window . lorraine , duane , and gilbert be watch the tv with rapt attention . ) newscaster ( v.0o . ) .. elsewhere in local news , teenage tv personality and rabble rouser , Tracy turnblad , have escape from the Baltimore woman 's House of detention . if sighted , citizen be ask to notify police or , if phone service be not available , simply shoot to kill . in entertainment news , Eva Marie be no saint ... motormouth ( switch off the tv ) Lord have pity , it 's a crazy city . ( seaweed enter with penny . ) seaweed . and ... penny , be it ? penny yes , ma’am . seaweed be it okay I bring she home ? I have to get she away from she mama . penny I hope you do not mind ? motormouth I never mind love . it 's a gift from above . but not everyone remember that . so you two better brace yourselves for a whole lot of ugly comin 's at you from a never - end parade of stupid . penny that 's okay . my mother 's gonna kill I anyway . ( there be a knock at the door . ) link ( enter with tracy ) hey , miz motormouth . we break Tracy out of jail . motormouth well , we all gotta get busy . only twenty - four hour ' till miss hairspray , we will never get another chance like this — nationwide tv . and you be gonna be on it , honey . 9 4 hairspray jr. tracy I can not put all of you in any more danger . motormouth nobody ever say this be gonna be easy . if something 's worth have , it 's worth fight for . Children , you be not the first to try and you will not be the last , but I be here to tell you that I be gonna keep lining up until someday somebody break through . ( # 25 — 1 know where I 've be begin . ) I know where I 've be ( motormouthre :) and I have be look at that door a lot longer than you . tracy : what door ? motormouth : the front door . ( motormouth : ) — — 3 there 's a [ J — ef light in the dark - ness_____ — though the 3340 oi - — 3 — night_ be black as my skin there 's a SF — light — burn -ing bright show - ing I the way mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 95 ( opt. 8 va ) = — 3 but I know where I have be there 's a cry — _ — — — in the dis - tance______ it 's a 15 374 be — 3 — - 5 — 3 — — , 6 oe == — — — h #. a ee es + 7 voice — that come from — deep with - in there 's a 35 — , cry — — ask - ing why I pray the and - wer 's up a-hea chorus : 19 ( opt. 8 va ) — 3 — 35 a ' Cause I know where I have be there 's a zi ] motormouth : ( ad-lib ) — 3 — 3a 3 = there 's a road we must tra - vel ( chorus : ) 35 — 3 — road we must tra-vel — there 's a 96 hairspray jr. 3 there — — be we must pro - mise 3 that we must make oh , — but the rich - es — — ____ the rich - es. will be 3 — 3 — 3 3 26 rich - es will be plen - ty yeah . - — — 3 — 1 Fe plen - ty — — _ — worth the mitl 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 97 worth the risk and the chanc -es we — 3 — 3 that we risk and the chanc - es . — — — — — — — take dream . there 's a hoo 00 strug-gle we have yet to win— _________ use that 3 — — _ — — strug-gle — ooh - ooh-ooh 9 8 hairspray jr. in we heart 3 — 3 pride , in we hearts__ — 3 — 3 — — 3 — lift we up ! ooh - ooh - ooh - to sit still __ would be ooh—____ sit still 36 — 3 — ? x zz sin . — 3 — 2 3 3 ss ss — — — 2 _ 2 + rs I know it , I know it , I know where I be mti 's Broadway junior Collection '' actor 's script * broadwayjr.com 99 3 rit Lord know where I have 35 go - in 's . tempo 3 as oh when we win — rit . — 3 — God , ' Cause I know where I have 3 tll give thanks to my — i — be — 3 — c— _ .— I will give thanks to my God , ' Cause I know where I have be . 100 hairspray JR .