beauty shop by kate lanier mandeville film mgm 1/7/04 mustc up flash of quick dissolves : a little girl be hand , coffee-color , slowly braid hair , pull unruly , nappy strand into neat row , secure they with brightly color plastic bobble . the hand dissolve into a teenager be hand , work a flat iron , press section that curl in careful wave ... title up ... the hand dissolve into a woman be hand , a simple gold wedding band , bracelet . they move quickly now , lighten speed , expert as they weave in strand of long hair to short break end . radio fade up as the hand dissolve again . the ring be stil} there , the professional quickness . only now the hair they work be blond and long , smoothe out into a silken sheet . radio ( female dj ) -.. another my heart 's be break ballad from Justin . she be a virgin , Justin . how freaky could that have be ? you need to get with some honey that have be around . show you how to turn it out ! we pull back to reveal gina morris , whose hand we have be watch . gina smile , shake she head at the radio . yhere 's a sexy , playful spark to she ... and behind that a kind of innate wisdom . the blond she 's be work on be seat in plush , back alcove at jorge cristophe be upscale salon . gina work with she own little radio play next to she , the rest of the shop be pump enya . next to the radio be a frame photograph of gina at she sister be beauty shop in Chicago : the whole crew , plus calvin , pose for a neighborhood shot .. past she , we can see the salon . it 's softly light , flower , mirror and gold trim everywhere . White woman be in various stage of get they hair do , one with she head bucx a sink , another cover in foil ; a diamond collare chihuahua bark incessantly at the blow dryer be use on she owner . the stylist just grin , icily , and try to ignore it . evian bottle and cappuccino be evident next to each well - pampere client . gina be the only black hairstylist patron ) in the place . radio ( continue ) besides , you wanna sing like a black man ? you better kick that little white girl to the curb , Mr. heart - throb - gina oh , no , she didntt ! she do not go there ! lynn , ( 20' ) be a wash girl at jorge 's ; Georgia -born , a country girl , she accent be so think no one can understand she except gina . lynn she do ! oh , she go there , around the block ... and back again ! radio -.- you all know that 's the biggest play out there . " my heart 's break . come here and hold mar dick ! " gina laugh out loud . Lynn double over . joanne marcus , the blond , society girl ( early 20 's ) gina 's be work on , raise she head . joanne be a Paris Hilton wannabe : a young Louis vuitton sale rep with society aspiration and quasi - celebrity friend . joanne do she just say what J think she say ? joanne grab she cell - phone , dial a number . . gina see , that 's my girl ! Lisa ] , . 2103 . nobody back in Chicago would go off like this . she do not hold back . lynn mmm -hmmm . that woman have the gut to say whatever she think - gina right ? joanne ( into phone ) Nicole , do not you father own thal station , that rap-whatever one ? can you say ' dick 's on the radio ? really ?... I be at jorge 's ... when ? he 's djing ? I can not go ... shit ! no , [ be get my implant do - gina no , no . joanne , do not do that - joanne Dr. kopelin say a week to recover ... yeah . he 's load I up with vicodin . sure . I will get extra . yeah , T will see you . she hang up . gina do not do it , girl . do not get implant . you be a young , beautiful girl - joanne look at you ! gina nstick she chest out ) this be one hundred percent authentic , okay ? mind you , I likf have some cleavage , but I have secn too many girl with that fake , rock -hard titty that do not look right . one of they end up move to you neck , or it start float around to the back - joanne ( crack up ) stop ! get out ! joanne stand up , shake she head and turn to look in the mirror . she gasp , both hand over she mouth . her hair have be blow out , press into a sleek japanese sheet of hair . she shake she head , loving it . joanne ( continue ) oh my God ! gina ! gina smile , proudly , make a few final adjustment : che hair . other stylist in the front be peer in . jorge cristophe , the long-haire salon owner , get up from hist seu in front . he think he 's a black Jose eber , Warren eaily if shampoo . he 's a arrogant sell - out , a womanize sia he giance in on gina , just a quick look , but it burn with a mute jealousy . joanne ocontinue ) itve never have anyone get this cut and the extension just right . that stuff of yours be amazing ..- and believe I , I have try everything . gina grin . gina that 's a old family recipe that I have mess with a little . all I be gonna say be there 's avocado oil and a little bacon fat in the mix . outside , we see a jaguar pull up . the vaj jet open the door for a donna karan - clad society wife , terri GREEN ( mid 30' 's ) . she fumble for the key , almost drop they . she smile , embarrassed , slip a ten dollar bill to the valet . jorge stand at the door , wait . he put a arm around terri , whisper something in she ear , smile , charming she as he lead she to the back , press close . jorge ( to gina ) terri 's here ... gina {under she breath ) jorge , I have to leave at four . I need to pick Valerie up from schoo ] - jorge give she a cold shrug . jorge what can I do ? she want you ... his diction be perfect ; he charming , sexy attitude dissolves around gina . gina take a deep breath , try to keep it together . terri gina ! she turn to terri . take a beat and smile , genuinely glad to see she . gina terri ! my girl ! terri I just have the most amazing chakra treatment . gina , T have to take you to see my healer . Lynn hand she a evian and a robe . she immediately pul ! 's out a massive vial of pill and downs a couplic . smile apologetically . terri ( continue ) it 's not ... what it look like . they be herbal anti-toxin . gina I will be right with you , ' terri . just relax . gina pick up she cell phone and dial , try to keep it together . gina ( continue ) aunt paulette ? I need a favor . yeah . I be not get outa here ' till late - terri be gaze at joanne 's hair . terri joanne ! you look gorgeous ! ( to gina ) that be beautiful ! joanne smile , can not take she eye off herself . joanne , ( to gina ) I get to run ... {to terri ) I get you bag in . come by the store tomorrow ? she flash terri a dazzle smile and spin out . gina aside : jorge ( out of earshot } what do you do to joanne Marcus 's hi-lite ? it 's white blond ! I tell you , carmel highlight - gina ( to jorge ) hey , she ask for that . she like it . jorge she 's go to @ trade show at sak with '' jorge '' hair , do you understand ? jorge pull gina yeah , you want she to represent . but jt gotto say , I think the ultra - blond be very versace , very gwen slefani - jorge do not question I , girl . you be here to carry out my vision , you understand ? gina turn , eyebrow raise , to give he a look , but h turn to leave . as he do , he reach back and shut of she radio . jorge ( continue ) I tell you 1 do not want that ghetto shit in here . he spin and walk out , he distinctive , long halr t back . lynn pay he no mind ... gina look at she , nod , appreciate the solidarity . she 's so furious she can barely speak . gina ( aside , to Lynn ) hey . I feel for he . who be he last big client ? Jane fonda ? Lynn crack up . lynn he 's all hat and no cattle . gina '' all hat and no cattle . " I like that . terrl gina ? do you bring the stuff ? gina reach into a drawer and pull out a jelly jar filo sd with some kind of opaque goo . gina you know I do ... terri thank god ! gina look at you ! you lock gorgeous . terri liar . but , bless you . gina start on terri , wetting she hair and slather the goop from she jar on . terrl ( continue ) 1 swear , the best thing jorge ever do be to give you a chair here ... what , about a year ago ? gina move from Chicago just six month ago - ~ terri ts that all ? gina - six long month . gina laugh . terri how 's you daughter ? where do she go again ? gina Atlanta Music and Art Children 's school . terri you have to audition for that , right ? gina one out of three hundred kid who audition get in . we move here as soon as we hear she get in - jorge stick he head back in . jorge gina . do not forget I need you in early . in style magazine be do a piece on the salon and we have three model to style - gina do not respond , just nod in a mute rage . cur to : int . gina's house — cascade row , '' swat " — night gina be stand in she kitchen , food cooking on the stove while she do she aunt paulette be hair . aunt paulette be a young , fifty - something , sharp and stylish . darnellf , ( 25 ) gina 's cousin , a buck - wild party girl , sit to one side , look out the window , clearly wait for someone or something : not want to be here with she mother . valerie , gina 's nine year old daughter , be sit on the floor , read a giant tome : history of music . they be mid conversation . gina ( go off ) he 's just mad as hell that there 's another talented , black person in he universe . not that he's all that talented . it kill he when lady ask for I . paulette I do not know how you do it . gina how T do it be ... I do it for her . ( be : Valerie ) paulette I know that school be not cheap . gina what he 's good at be make a girl feel special , like you get in somewhere there be a line . you walk out of there look fly , look do up . aunt paulette you 're the one make he look good . darnelle you gettin ' rob , gina . gina trust I , when I open my spot , I be gonna be glad I work there . I learn a thing or two from jorge . that 's what T want . the kind of place you go in , you feel pampere , take care of - paulette girl 's get to love that . gina - and then the next step be you have you own line of product . that 's where he 's not think ahead . I be gonna devclop a line of high quality boutique - paulette - expensive - gina - hair product with my name on they . okay ? everything represent the experience you have there .... you experience become the brand . darnelle and you make a cute paycheck from sell that product - paulette and what would you know about a '' cute " paycheck ? darnelle - T be get take care of - paulette yeah . that 's the problem right there - Valerie look up from she book . valerie what 's a '' novelty act ? " they all look at she . paulette tt 's ... a act that 's different . pun. valerie it say here , before the forty , all the woman who be musician be novelty act . gina that mean lhey be not take seriously . Valerie nod . gina and aunt paulette exchange a look . the kid can be way too serious . 10 . valerie all the great composer be man . Beethoven , bach , mozart . she look up at gina with a vaguely paincd expression . valerie ocontinue } where be the girl ? gina have baby . doin ' mozart and bach 's laundry . valerie there be no kid like I ? paulette sugar , there still be no kid like you - gina Girls like you grow up and marry mozart and bach and get they idea steal while they be push out baby . paulftte so , take a lesson from you mama and always represent yourself . gina not many man out there like you daddy be . respectful , supportive - Valerie sigh , put she book down . valerie can we go ? gina in a minute . gina turn paulette around , motion to she hair . she 's cropped it in a short , elegant do . gina ( continue ; to Valerie ) what d' you think ? valerie ( very serious ) it 's a little bit too halle Berry at the oscar . gina nod . ll . gina but it work for she ? valerie definitely . paulette get up , look in the mirror and smile . paulette perfect ! I love it ! she pull a set of key out of she bag . paulette ( continue ; to gina ) here the church key , baby . I will see you later . gina give she a big hug . gina thanks , auntie . TI appreciate you let Valerie practice there . outside , we see a trick out chevy pull up . a bandanna would , gangsta - type at the wheel . darnelle jump up out of she chair , check herself in the mirror , tug at a skin-tight mini and top . paulette get lo be proud of someone . darnelle sigh , ignore she mother : she 's use to this point remark . gina ( aside ; to darnelic ) that 's you date ? darnelle mm—hmm . gina cuz . Home - boy look like a world of trouble . darnelle {out of paulette 'ts earshot } that boy be feel it , okay ? and he 's get bank , and we be goin ' out . gina you be crazy , girl . darnelle he 's get a friend , gina . Fine look young man - gina glance down at Valerie , who 's listen . gina you better go , darnelle . aunt paulette shake she head , furious , as she watch darnelle wave good - bye and climb into the chevy . Valerie slare at she mother . gina ( continue ) get you thing . you have get a hour to practice before dinner ... CUT to : tnt . ame church - night Church be empty . Valerie have start to play : warming up with scale and then launching into a mozart sonata . she be shockingly good . gina can not help but smile , gaze at she proudly . she sip on a cold soda and sit down next to she daughter on the piano bench , move and capture by she play . valerie ( still play ) be you gonna start ' dating ' and all ? gina what give you that idea ? valerie in sex ed , they say all mammal have sexual need - gina rxcept you mama - valerie - and mate ritual . gina you wanna talk about sex ? Fine . ask I anything . but you do not need to know about my ... social life . she give she a wink . Valerie start play again , she brow furrow as she concentrate . something be bother she . 13 . gina ocontinue ; gently ) I do not think I be ready to date , Valerie . ( a beat ) no one 's ever gonna replace you daddy . okay ? ofe Valerie 's quick , grateful glance , we- int . jorge cristophe be - day Lynn and gina be in the back , the radio on . Lynn be show gina polaroid from a recent hair show . gina you do that ? lynn uh huh . do a weave in front , curl the back and laid in this corkscrew extension — we can not understand a thing she say but gina seem to , nodd and look at the picture . gina you should gel a chair here , Lynn . lynn you think the Captain ovah there would let my backwood ass near this lady - gina I 'monna talk to he - behind they we can see a crew set up to do the in style shoot .. gina pick up she apron and put it on . CUT to : int . jorge cristophe be - later a gorgeous , coltish model be sit on a plush fur drape couch , deck out head to toe in ysl . gina be stylii hair , put in soft layer around a fabulous , upsw creation . next to she , jorge work on another model . the fot style fashion editor glance at jorge 's work and then ee1c in on gina 's model . editor i love this . jorge hover behind she , arm cross , watch . 14 . editor ( continue ) jorge ? I want to shoot this . right here , in the chair . we can get the whole salon in the background . the photographer step in , ready to take the shot . editor ( continue ; to gina ) and you be -? jorgf , she 's just a employee . I have work with she to develop - gina ( hold out a hand ) gina Morris . she smile , proud . photographer gina ? just look up for a second , put you hand down , yeah , there , just to the right of she shoulder ... great ! gina look up , scissors in hand , ready to smile for the camera , when jorge step in and take the scissors from she shaking he head . he make a little scoot motion with he hand . the editor and photographer exchange a look . gina ( slowly ) you do not want I in the picture . jorge ( like he 's talk to a child ) gina . this be a piece about my shop - gina ( calmly ) but lhat 's my look . I just cut she hair and style it - jorge . ( whisper ) and you would not be do shit if T have not hire you . gina take a deep breath , try net to lose it , but want to hold she ground . 15 . gina hold on , hold on . I appreciate work here and all , but that 's my creation . I be just ask you to show I some respect —- jorge the sign out front say jorge cristophe 's . okay ? you want respect ? go open you place . gina stare at he . slowly unty she apron . gina you know what ? I can not do this anymore . forget it . there 's dead silence in the room . gina ( continue ) I am gonna open my own place . and that 's something you not gonna take credit for , ' cause I have be make plan for a long time . jorge ts that right ? gina that 's right . you 're the creative genius , go style you own shit for once . she drop she apron on a chair gina ( continue ; calmly ) I quit . she turn and walk away , push the door open , let it slam behind she , jorge what do you know ? you do not know anything !!! ( shouting ) you be gonna fall flat on you ass , gina ! when the camera flash , he whip out a veneer , toothy smile ... just in time . ext . jorge cristophe be - continuing off gina , stand alone just outside the shop , everyone look after she . she freeze , shutting she eye for a beat . 16 , the weight of the moment hit she ... and then she face open up into a dazzle smile , the world suddenly open up before she as she strut off with a Hell ] - with - that look on she face . int . gina's house -— night the light be dim as gina sit in front of she computer , poring over internet real ecstate listing . she look ah tie clock . it 's two fifteen am . the radio be on softly , just music . gina glance at a picture of red , she husband ; look back at the computer . she peer closely at the screen , as a list pop up : gina ( read ) the clip joint ... d- lux beauty ... the beauty call ? booty shop ? she laugh , shaking she head . gina ocontinue ) dang . people get crazy with this name - she make a note of something , do not notice Valerie stand in the doorway , in she nightgown , rub she oye . valerie mama ? gina hey , baby . what be you doin ' up ? she turn the radio down . valerie I can not sleep . she come over to gina and lean onto she lap . gina you gotto try , you get school tomorrow . valerie what be you do ? she peer at the computer . gina researching real estate and business agent . I '' gonna buy up a beauty shop , baby girl . 17 . valerie really ? gina we own business . look ...1 do a search on all the up and come neighborhood . sec ? I get a list of four shop already up for sale . she show Valerie another stack of papers . gina ( continue ) and here 's a business prospectus . I do a relevant comparison with business in various area ... project a initial profit and loss base on a six chair enterprise , mid-range - Valerie eye glaze over . she stare at the computer . valerie be I gonna have to leave Music School now ? gina look at she . gina why would you have to leave music school ? that 's the whole reason we pick up and move here - valerie you lose you job , mama . gina I quit , okay ? I quit for something better . valerte but what if you can not make the same kind of money at you own shop ? from gina 's look , we know she 's be worry about the same thing ; she take a beat , smile , play it off for she daughter . gina Valerie . you have only one thing to think about . School . money be not you problem , okay ? 1 get that cover . Valerie nod . gina ( continue ) have not we be okay ? Valerie yawn , nodd . gina ( continue ) go back to sleep . stop think so much . she give she a big squeeze and a hug . gina watch the door shut behind she , then peer at the screen again . gina ( continue ; read ) '' cleopatra 's cute cornrow and cut . " she smile , shake she head . gina ( continue ) we will skip that one ... cur to : int . buckhead beauty salon - atlanta gina hold Valerie 's hand as a business agent walk they through a posh , spare and modern shop . it 's all chrome and jucite . the client be all upscale , white woman . the hairstylist be too perfect , girl with fashion model look . gina stop to look at a bottle of the shop ' own special , hair treatment . she examine the labe ] and package with a critical , interested eye . valerie lot 's very clean . what do you think ? gina turn the bottle over . double - take at the price . gina oshake she head ) honey , we can not even afford they conditioner . I will never get a loan for this place . c'mon . let 's go - smash CUT : int . buckhead salon — day another gorgeous salon . client wait while stylist rush around , work and talk . everything be red velour , gold trim . gina hold a folder with a description of the business and the building , plus the price . she read it while they look around . glance down at Valerie , point to the ask price and shake she head . CUT to : fxt . auburn ave . - '' swat " - evening gina and Valerie be stand outside of klassi1 kut salon , a neighborhood beauty parlor , with a real estate / business agent . the current owner , miss angeline ( 70 's African - american ) be show they around . it 's a local crowd : a few older church lady get perm , some young woman talk loud and laugh . a lightnskinn , stately look hairdresser , ashley , eye gina , give she a once -over . lola , the fiery Puerto rican manicurist , exchange a look with she . gina nod to they : she get it . they be size she up . miss angeline twenty - three year I be here .. agent you will be inherite a well ] establish clientele ... miss angeline ..- hard for I to say good - bye but i get a double - wide waitin’ of ' I in baton rouge , Louisiana . no more cold winter of ' I . gina look back at the employee , again , catch the tension and curiosity in they exchange look . lola step up to she . lola do hair ? gina mmm -hmmm . lola where at ? gina jorge cristophe 's . tn buckhead . lola snort , impressed , but try to hide it . tola so why you wanna buy this dump ? gina J get a plan . you see ' dump ' I see potential . lola glare at she . Ashley , listen , come over . 20 . ashley ooo . a visionary . how poetic . gina ( cool ) poetic ? Nah . just smart . she give they a little nod , like , do not underestimate I , before turn back to the agent . agent I be sure you have notice how this couple of block be really change ... there 's a Starbucks up on the corner , a gap right down the block . gina look at the crack grout on a sink . gina it 's gonna take some fix up . agent you be lucky to get in here at ghetto price . he look at he list . agent ( continue ) twenty percent down ... be gonna leave you with payment around twenty - two a month . he hold the figure up to she . gina look at she own business plan . she look around again , look at Valerie and nod . gina that sound ... like my number . off gina , grin like crazy , we - CUT to : int . southern mutual saving and loan - day gina sit across from a loan officer , a woman in she forty who peer at she paperwork . gina --. I want to bring a little class to the neighborhood , jet the lady who come in fee ] a Little special , a little lenox mall. ( more ) Al . gina ( cont would ) what I be marketing here be a experience . something absolutely unigue and catering to the individual client " need . this neighborhood be turn a corner - loan officer you do have a mark on you credit , you know . I do not think we can approve and fund a loan with - gina do you read my business prospectus ? letter of recommendation ? loan officer impressive . gina and the credit thing be only from back when my sister get she boyfriend ' car in my name and he be late on payment - loan officer i can not approve this . not. for this much . gina lean back , eye narrow , look at the woman . gina ( softly ) watch I change you mind - oread she tag ) - Ms. strugg . loan officer l wish it be that easy - gina get up , touch she hair . gina this be not work for you . you have get great bone structure . the bang be cut off you face . you need hi-lite , not color . a beat . Ms. strugg stare at she . gina ( continue ) you gol a sink ? CUT to : 22. int . southern mutual saving and loan - day - bathroom gina be do Ms. strugg hair . they have set up a mini perior in front of the stall . Ms. strugg be teary eye , mid conversation . ms . strugg ... everywhere in my life it 's like that . I be not good enough to be promote here , Ralph do not want I cooking , say I ruin everything . it 's like my whole self - esteem be just shot right now - gina hand she a tissue . gina remember what I say ? if you want it , it 's yours . you get to take it , make it happen ! it 's yours . say it ... this shit be mine ! ms . strugg right , right ... this shit be mine . gina spin she around , fluff out she now - dry hair , and face she to the mirror . the woman stare back at she look so different , strugg gasp . gina 's do she make - up , too . ms . strugg ( continue ) I never would have try this - gina see ? ms . strugg --.and it work ! it 's perfect ! gina smile . ms. strugg ( continue ) oh , my God . you be a genius ! a beat while gina watch she watch herself gina ( calmly ) so . you think I be gonna have any problem make my payment ? she smile , a sly grin . know she 's get she loan . CUT to : 23. ext . gina's beauty shop ( klassi kut ) - night the shop be empty . gina stand at the front door with the key in she hand . she look up and down the block . across the street be a Radio shack - type operation . therc 's a drugstore , barber shop and a mini-mart . gina read the code to the alarm , disable it and step inside . int . gina's beauty shop - night the light be out . gina stand alone in the dark , fiddling with the key . she have the wide - eye look of a kid at christmastime . she flick the dryer off and on , then test out the sink , spin the chair ... and smile . int . gina's beauty shop - night gina be on a ladder , painting . paulette be work on the opposite wall . Valerie stand below she , hold a paint tray : the old mirror have be replace , new sieek stainless steel counter put in . through the front window , we see a trick out , bright red motorcycle pull up . darnelle be straddle it . she struggle to park it , nearly fall over . gina and paulette exchange a look . gina I know she would show up . paulette Three hour late ! gina look at she watch as darnelle come in . darnelle gina . I be sorry ~ paulette Nice bike . somebody buy that for you ? darnelle it 's p.j. ns. he lent it to I . darnelle and paulette exchange a quick glare , mute wi unspoken hurt and resentment . gina climb down the ladder excited , determine not to let this two get she down . gina {to paulette ) gimme a hand with this . paulette help gina set up some glass - top coffee table ; darnelle kick back and light a cigarette . gina lean over and turn up the radio . Music fill the air . 24 , gina stand back . even half - way finish , we can see that the place be look good . gina ( continue ) look at this ! check it out ! she grin , proud . gina ( continue ) gina 's beauty shop ! paulette , feel the excitement , hold out a fist . gina tap it and they both howl . paulette girl ! you be do it ! valerif . I help ! I help with the chair ! gina think about it . my own place . all of we people have always work for someone else - paulette - that 's true . gina '' never get ahead that way . T be tired of be someone 's girl . come on ! I be a grow - ass woman ! paulette time for you to represent ! gina this girl be gonna come in for work tomorrow and they be gonna be blow away , you understand ? they be gonna be thanking they lucky star I buy the place ... off gina , smile , we- smash CUT : int . ginan beauty shop - morning angle on : the hairstylist at gina 's new shop . they be stare at the uniform that gina ( burst with excitement ) hand out and Lynn ( from jorge ‘s} ) already have on . one of they hold up the pencil thin versace - esque skirt and midrift top . ( they be all in sweat and track shoe , comfortable , low - key ghetto . ) girl # 1 a uniform ? girl # 1 ( continue ) you want we to work with this shil on ? girl # 3 forget this ... she grab she bag , start pack up she brushes and scissors . girl # 1 do the same , and girl # 2 follow . gina , dress to the nine , polished and gorgeous , watch as they walk out . besides Lynn , that leave just Ashley and lola . gina o - kay ... Lynn wink at she . lynn better we find the rotten one now . that be two egg should never be laid . lola and Ashley stare at she . lola say what ? ashley what would she just say ? I believe that be english but T be , frankly baffle - Lynn speak slowly and clearly . lynn you all be lucky to work for gina . gina rregain she momentum ) so ... why do not you get change - the girl start wriggle into they uniform . asiiicy bo at herself in the mirror , seem half - way pleased . lola lux piss . gina motion to Lynn , who do a little turn , modeling the outfit . 26 gina ( continue ) this be Lynn , everybody . she 's gonna have a chair here . just get she license but she 's crazy talented . and you know I be gina . she smile , motion around to the new decor gina ( continue ) Nice , huh ? we be gonna class this place up a little ; thing 's be gonna be different around here , okay ? lola ( under she breath ) I wanna hear this . gina do not catch it . she smile , and go over wa ihe Lange chalkboard with price mark for different service and start to erase the amount . gina I be gonna cut the price - lola groans . gina ( continue ) - to get more lady in the dour initially . then , once we generate some business , we can start raise they up . she smile at everyone . they stare at she , un -move . gina ( continue ) I be sure you all have you routine here , but I would like it ic we sharpen thing up . okay ? [ t 's all about the look and lhe fee} . Ashley and lola exchange a quick look . gina ( continue ) l‘'d like it if everyone could bring the client a water and offer they a espresso or cappuccino as soon as they step into they robe ... she hold up brand new black with gold trim bathrobe . 27 . gina ( continue ) T all show you all how to use the cappuccino machine I set up in the kitchen . okay ? also , no food on the new counter . lola be stare at gina with obvious hostility at this point gina ( continue ) and last ..- I do not want no drama in here , okay ? no boyfriend , sister come in have it out with you while you be at work here . okay ? so , you get a problem , you get something to say ... you come to I . a beat . lola ( under she breath ) great . she want a hi-class joint at ghetto price . figure that out gina step over to lola , smile . gina you get something you wanna say ? you can leave , too - lola ( under she breath ) 1 can not afford to . at that moment , gina 's first client walk in : a exhaust look mother and she little girl . behind she , a older woman , mrs . towner , shuffles over to Ashley 's chair . gina go over to the mother and she little girl . gina and how can I help you , ma'am ? the woman look around , a little uncomfortable . woman ts not this miss angeline 's — gina gina 's now . I be gina and whatever you need - she push the Little gir ] forward . 28 . woman she need she first perm . lookit this hair . bad hair . nappy as hell . that 's from she daddy 's side . Lynn stand wait with a robe , not guite sure if a four year old need one . gina Lynn here can take care of you . gina wink at the little girl , who 's clearly terrify hynp hesitates , then put the robe on the child . she swim in it . gina quickly roll up the sleeve . lola what about she evian ? be not you gonna get she a evian ? gina look at she long and hard . gina no. I be not . I be gonna send you around the corner to get she a soda . she pull a couple of dollar out of she pocket , gina ( continue ; to little girl ) what kind of soda do you like , sweetheart ? girl Orange . gina {to lola ) one orange soda . lola get up , roll she eye . gina stop she . gina ( continue ) everyone who come in here get treat with respect , okay ? they be pay ... we be work . gina lead the little girl over to Lynn 's chair . she glance over just in time to see Mrs. towner pon cut she false tooth and lay they in a glass by the mirror . '' ina shudder , but nod and smile at she . 29 ashley ( scream ) same thing , miz towner ? mrs . towner Don ' give I no afro , girl . jus ' keep my curl tight and neat - Ashley nod , get start . gina step over to turn the radio on and notice a slight flicker in the light . she frown , look down at the outlet : they be old and the wiring be wear thin . gina damn . get to replace that ... she get up as the door swing open and DENISE and rochelle step in : the wife of basketball player , they have move on uptown , but stil ] have family in the old neighborhood . they check themselves in the mirror while they talk . mmm - hmm . glossy lip , biq jewelry , fine skin . everything be nowe : the latest prada , gucci , chanel . it 's ali , there and they know ii . rochelle oooo ! where be i? DENISE this be not no miss angeline 's . rochelle now I know I still get my buzz on from last night ! they laugh , hi-five . DENISE that be a party , girrrl . Lynn step over to gina , whisper . lynn ( quietly ) you know they girl ? player wife . hawk . I see they around . she whisper a name in gina 's car . gina really ? that 's he wife ? Lynn whisper another nane -~ gina ocontinue } he 's a damn good player . she look denise up and down . gina ( continue ) Home girl do good . get themselves ball playcr . 30 . she and Lynn exchange a smile . they know this kind of girl . gina step over with robe and water . DENISE oh , that 's okay . we get we hair do at ' aspire . ' gina I know that joint . classy place at peachtree mall . rochelle we be jus ' givin ' a shout to she aunt Linda , life down the block - DENISE ~ think she might be in here , gettin’ she hair do . gina motion for they to sit . gina lemme just . put a little shine back in you hair . you do not like it , you do not have to pay . the woman exchange a look : why not ? they jump right back into they conversation . DENISE ricky 's wife have a drink in she hand steppin ' outa the car - rochelle when do she not have a drink in she hand ? the girl keep talk as gina slip on they robe ; use to be take care of . DENISE and she wonder why she man do not come home after game . rochelle mmm -hmm . she step out with a crew every night . she 's roll like that . gina seund like you lady party last night ? they're 31 . rochelle New York . just get back in . DENISE dinner at nobu . then out to cheetah . gina well lemme take a edge off that jet lag . lola come in , drop the orange soda on the little girl lap . rochelle recognize she . rochelle lola ? you always do my nail when I be down here ! lola hey , rochelle . what be you do back in the ' hood ? rochelle just seein ' family . lola lemme do you nail . lola lead she to the manicure station . rochelle hold up a hand , let lola gaze at a fat , yellow diamond . one of many . lola ocontinue ) dang ! you need some muscle walkin ! around here with that on ! rochelle my man give that to I last week . lola what happen ? what he do ? rochelle give lola a playful slap . denise turn to she as well . DENISE no. really . 1 be want to ask what did happen ? rochelle please . my husband be just a very generous man . lola and denise exchange a look . 32 . rochelle ( continue ) you all be evil . gina turn lo denise . gina ( to denise ) I be gonna deep condition this , okay ? denise nod , sit down in gina 's chair . gina ( continue ) can I get you coffee ? cappuccino ? lola ( under she breath ) cappuccino ? why would they need a cappuccino ? she can go get they a Coke next door . DENISE I be good , I be good . gina pull out a jar of she special sauce and open it up . DENISE ( continue ) what be that ? gina smile . gina my secret weapon . benise look nervous . gina ( continue ) trust I . okay ? you gonna be at the game tonight , right ? forget the three - pointer , you be gonna stand out - CUT to : int . jorge cristophe be - day jorge be work in the back alcove with another stylist . he take a quick glance at gina 's empty chair , then back to he client . jorge ( to client } let 's wash you out ... 33 . he look around . jorge ( continue ) where be ... what 's ~her - name , lhe wash - girl back here ? stylist Lynn ? Lynn go to work at gina 's new shop . we sce this register with jorge : a quick flash of resentment . jorge ( play it off ) gina be new shop ? that be quick . he walk the client over to the wash sink . jorge ( continue ; under he breath ) ... do not waste any time ... int . gina's beauty shop - later the radio be on . lola be still work on rochelle . Ashley be styling Mrs. towner while the Little girl fidget in Lynn 's chair . two young women have come in , and they wait on gina 's couch . gina spot they , pick up she speed a notch . radio -.- that 's the thing . tell I you do not al ] have more respect for a stubborn man , a man with a little mean to he - close on : denise 's hair as gina finish it up . she 's style it and soften the whole thing . ashley that 's insane . she 's confusing stubbornness with self - respect . lola but a man who know hisself be gonna be hard -headed . denise 's hair shine , silky , full of body . ashley it 's ignorant . she 's - gina - just a dj play music . okay ? I love she . woman speak she mind ... 34 . denise look in the mirror , stare at herself . clutch she bag . radio T will let you think about that while i hit you with this jam from ludakris . music in background . DENISE ( dramatic whisper ) gina . girl . you be amazing . ( shouting ) rochelle ?! rochelle ! !! rochelle , still get she nail do , look at denise , double - take and jump over . rochelle oh my God . lookit that hair ! be that a wig ? DENISE that 's my hair !!! rochelle no ! stop ! that 's you hair ! ? rochelle turn a admire eye to gina . rochelle ( continue ) girl . I be book you ! when can TI get in ? gina tomorrow ? ten am ? rochelle make it twelve . I will be there . as gina sit down , work at lighten speed , the door swing open and the catfish Lady , rita , come in with cart of food . she 's a heavy - set sister with do hair and bright clothes . everyone greet she , shout they fimy ais about time . rita ( look around ) what happen heah ? ivanah trump move in ? howl of laughter . catfish lady you get Ted Turner invest up in here ? what ? he foolin ' around with a black girl ? want she to have a nice place to get she weave ? more laughter . gina smile at rita . gina what be you sell here -? rita take she hand . rita for you , baby , anything . look at. you ! you be fabulous ! you nre breathe life in here ! it brilliant ! gina thank you . listen , if you want to set up food , you can go in the kitchen - she 's drown out as the everyone start shouting out : order : lola , Ashley , denise and rochelle shout it out , throw they money down . rita start hand out heaping plate of grec food . everyone start eat and talk at once . Energy building , everyone be louder , get comfortable . Lynn be the only one who wait . gina give she a little nod , a go ahead , and she get a plate , keep it on she lap . CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop - evening the place be a mess , everyone be go . gina stand alone , count she money , look around . despite the rocky start , she 's proud , smile . she turn the music up and start to clean ... cuT to : int . gilna' beauty shop - day the next day . the shop be sparkling clean . lola and ast : be both work while I - ynn work the register and phone . rita come in with she food , and after she , two new women from the neighborhood . rochelle be now seat at gina ' chair , get her hair do . denise watch . everyone grab food from rita , talk over the music on the radia . the song segues back to the dj . radio ( female dj } I hear something about ludakris and lil ' Kim . now what would they baby look like ? rita laugh loudly . the other react , too . gina smile , nodd . radio ( continue ) I can not stand all this talk about lil ' Kim be like pamela Anderson . c'mon , now . think about . she get on wig of every shape and size , spike heel , fake eyelash for day . she 's no pamela Anderson ... DENISE thas ' right . lil 's Kim be my girl ! she 's no malibu baywatch bunny . radio ( dj ) she 's the next rupaul everybody crack up . lola mami be crazy ! radio seriously . lil ' Kim be not try to be white ... she 's try to be a drag queen . everyone be react , laugh , talk . DENISE that Lisa L do not play ! ashley lil ' Kim be a giri from the ghetto , try to impress upon everyone that she can go as far as she want now . I do not think it 's a statement about sexuality so much as it be a statement about money - gina I think you ali be miss she humor . c'mon . biggie small bring she up from Brooklyn and now she 's just be as over do as she can . barbie doll style - 37 . everyone nod , say they piece . gina be work as fast as she can , motion to one of the wait woman to sit in she chair . she start on the she , while still finish rochelle . rita 's take @ chair and talk loudly over the radio to anyone who will ] listen . rita you like the peas ? I do ‘em up with some brown sugar and curry today ... in the middle of it all , the door swing open and a teen age boy ( eighteen , string - bean wiry and hyper ) blast through , a huge boom box pound out a old school sounding rap . he do a spin , nearly fall over from the weight of the boom box ; he land in front of gina , a finger point at she . willie you ! I have be watch you all morning ! my beautiful African goddess , you be gonna be in my new video - ashley hey , will . lola how you doin ' Willie ? he turn it up . willie ( shouting ; to gina ) you like it ? it 's old school , krylon on the wall , rock steady crew on the block , sugar Hill gang up on Clayton Powell Ave - gina reach over and turn the music off - gina you better watch yourself kid , that thing weigh more than you ; gonna tip yourself over - willie you like it ? I want you in it , honey Love ! that 's the latest joint from funkmaster w- gina okay , funkmaster . why do not you take you music , go home and ask you mama to show you how to talk to a lady . ( more ) 38 . gina ( cont 'd} that be you mama I see drop you off at House of stereo this morning ? Ashley and lola crack up . Willie fall to he knee in of gina , undeterred . she step back , surprised . this boy persistent . with willie wait , wait , wait ! here I out . that 's just my day job . I see you and all for could think be , I have to have she in my video - gina c'mon , funkmaster . she start lead he to the door . gina ocontinue ) I get grow - up to deal with . willie wait ! wait ! my Queen - gina Queen ? it like that . that 's better - she keep push he . willie lemme at least hook you up with a stereo . I can get you a leather case , chrome edge system in this corner , sub - woofer half - price - gina baby , you get the whole Old schon ] thing go on . T would not want to take time away from you music and all . you just go on and work that flavor . she push he out the door and into the street , '' door behind she as he keep rambling on . just at gina shoulder , a soft -ey , middle age woman wait . she nas a sweel smile , motherly grace about she . ig the lorraine gina ? lorraine Bradley . gina look up from she busy work on the new client . 39 . gina lorraine ! she have no idea who lorraine be . lorraine we met. at you aunt paulette 's church ? I '' the work - to- welfare counselor . gina right ! lorraine ! through the large front glass window , we sec darnelle walk up , Valerie in tow . lorraine we have a three - o'clock ? gina of course ! sit down . let I get you a robe ... she grab a robe , slip it on , quickly . she 's get she hand full now . lorraine I be think ... maybe we could '' just do new braid - the young woman ( new client ) tap she finger , jiggle she water glass . gina beautiful . braid . darnelle step in with Valerie who run up and squeeze she . darnelle grab gina 's arm . darnelle I get to talk to you ~ gina not now , darnelle - ~ lorraine maybe short braid . gina sure , sure . rochelle ? I will he right there - valeric toss she back pack in a corner . valerie guess what I play today ? all the way through ? 40 . darnelle gina - gina ( to darnelle ) not. right now ! darnelle but it 's important - gina ( to lorraine ) I be just gonna finish up here . can I get you a cappuccino ? lorraine that would be lovely ! rochelle I will take one that - valerie Beethoven 's fifth ! gina that 's great , baby ! I will be right . back ! CUT to : int . kitchen - continuing darnelle follow gina into the kitchen while gina slam down cup , pour out milk . on the wall of the kitchen , gina have tack up family picture : Valerie and gina ; gina , Valerie and she husband , red . a picture of red , black and white , with the inscription always there engrave on the frame . gina shake she head . gina bamn ! I need to staff up this place ! T only get five client in here and we get we hand full help I with this , darnelle - darnelle the bike 's go . pj 's bike . gina where would you leave it ? she hit the cappuccino machine button . nothing . darnelle on the street . in front of lecanne ' s— 41 . gina crouch down and fiddle with the outlet . gina what you want I to do ? darnelle it might have get tow . if I file a steal vehicle report , and it be tow , I will have to get it - gina straighten up . gina this have got to wait . darnelle I just need you to float I some cash - gina think you be gettin ' '' take care of " - she hit the on button on the cappuccino machine . suddenly there 's a loud pop . close on : the faulty outlet , it spark and smoke . the ceiling light flicker . gina freeze , then swing open the kitchen door and run into the middle of the shop just in time to see - gina's p.o.v. : the dryer short out , one by one : pefeft , pfeft , peeet , ppeet ... down the line until the last one be dead . the light flicker and then go out . it 's suddenly silent and dark . no radio , no light ... no power . angle on : gina , try not to panic . valerie ( 0.s. ) mama ? gina it 's cool , it 's cool . we get this handle ! nobody move ! we hear the notse of chaos in the dark : a crash , soneone trip , a glass break ... then cursing . off gina , wide - eye - CUT to : a2. ext . gina's beauty shop - day gina step outside , look up and down the block , not sure what . to do . one of the barber from the shop down the block stick he head out , shout to gina : barber Inspector 's come down the way in a bit - gina curse under she breath , look across the street , spot Willie in the middle of a sale at House of stereo . she put two finger in she mouth and whistle ... loud . Willie jump . gina point to he . he put a hand over he heart , eye wide : mf ? gina give he a slow sexy nod , mouth : you . int . gina's beauty shop ~ day Willie be on he hand and knee ; gina watch . as he hook «up a generator from the stereo shop . a candle be light willie T be not suppose to take this out the shop - gina I will make it up to you . willie be in my video ? gina we will see . gina hear movement , rustling . turn around and spot ashloy and lola pack it in for the day . gina ( continue ) wait , wait ! hold up everybody ! I do not say we be close down ! ashley we can not do hair without electricity . gina just gimme a minute . lola ignore gina and step towards the door , swinging she bag over she shoulder . Valerie look up at she mother : what 's she gonna do ? gina 's eye narrow . she get in front of lola , who 's startle by she sudden presence , block she exit . 43 . gina ocontinue ) you know something ? T think we start off on the wrong foot . let 's try this again . hi. my name be gina . this be my shop . I am run thing up in here . lola we can not work like this - gina nobody be leave until every client in here be don and look fly - lola - without no juice - gina - we will be braid and polish with a dang flashlight if we have to , understand ? at that moment , the generator spark , whir , and all the light flicker on . gina ( continue ) what d' you know . as lola slam she bag down and huff back to she station , we catch denise , stand on top of one of the counter in a karate pose . rochelle be behind she , hold up a nail file . willie ooo ! this girl be gettin' ready -— they quickly take they seat , try to play it off rochelle think we be gonna have to throw down - dentse - for some terrorism action . rochelle she know alla that tae kwan do shit - 44 . willie {to denise and rochelle ) that 's some '' kill Bill " feel , right there ! I could use you both in mar video . gina put a arm around he . gina no not you have some stereo to sell ? start walk he out . willie I be thinkin ' a little girl~on - girl action . maybe you and one of they ~ gina mmm -hmm . okay . I feel you . I do - she close the door after he . we can see he continue to yell from outside as gina turn she attention back to the shop . darnelle be still hover , still in need . darnelle gina - gina ( annoyed ) go get my purse . take out seventy - five buck . should be enough to get the bike out from the tow shop . darnelle hug she . darnelle thanks , cuz . she turn to go and gina stop she . gina I be not bank - up like I be at jorge 's , darnelle . that be my last float to you . darnelle nod , hold she hand up to gina , grateful . as darnelle spin around out the door , she nearly run smack into the Health Department inspector , a terse , no nonsense man in he fifty . there 's silence as he look around , make some note . gina approach with a big smile . gina ( continue ) hi , how you do ? I be gina and I just buy the shop - inspector this generator be not up to code . it 's a violation . fle start check everyone 's license , examine cach station , the girl keep work , quietly , every eye on he . he go up to the dryer , flick they off and a . inspector ( continue ) this need to be replace . I be also cite you for the discard equipment in the alley - gina wait , wait . the salvation Army be pick that up today - he write something down a rip off a ticket for she . gina ( continue ) the dryer will be fix lomorrow . Il swear . he hand she the ticket and she read it , incredulous . gina ( continue ) five hundred dollar ? lynn ( under she breath ) they got to rob people to justify they job - gina c'mon . you can come back and T will have it fix by - inspector two more of that and [ I shut you down . with that , he turn on he heel and walk off . Lynn peer the ticket over gina 's shoulder . gina damn , Lynn . I be gettin " ble here . 46 lynn you will be okay . just need to get a couple more stylist - gina -a dozen more client , too . that 's right . just need some busy chair to balance this out . we catch lola with a smug look . lola Rough havin ' yo ' own place - gina look down : Valerie , do she homework in a corner , be all ear and eye . gina smile . gina oh , we be do just pine . outside we see a salvation Army truck pull up . gina ( continue ) great. {to truck ) you timing suck . the door open and the truck driver step out . jame be a well - build , gorgeous young man . we can see he six pack through he tank top . there 's something meticulous and weli - groom about he . his hair be braid in neat corn - row fe open the door . gina look at he tattoo : prison " tat jame salvation Army pick -up ? gina the old counter and sink . they be out back , in the alley . James pull out a clipboard . jame sign here . gina how long be you down for ? he look at she : nothing escape this woman . jame four month . parole out carly on voluntary rehab at the '' Sally . '' gina possession ? jame why you get to assume a brother 's down for possession ? gina smile . gina okay . so - jame ( under he breath ) - illegal sale of restrict narcotic - gina laugh , she 's get he there . she look 47 . at James , notice how all the woman be stare at he . the hairdresser be listen in . a couple of young women on the street have stop to look at James through the front window . gina make a mental note of it . gina Nice braid . jame do ‘em myself . gina fo ' real ? jame yeah . I be the guy on the block who do all the homeboy 's braid . gina and you be not talk ' block ' as in '' Jenny from the block . '' he laugh . jame there 's always one . she give he a big , sexy smile . gina like yo't job drive the truck ? he look at she . jame better than do time . gina mmm -hmm . you sound like you ready for a change , young man . CUT 48 . int . gina's beauty shop - day James be stand at the chair in the window , gina at he shoulder . he 's braid one of the young woman who would be look in . he 's good and quick . she 's in heaven . at the back of the shop , lola , Ashley and Lynn watch . Valerie hover , fascinate , listen to the woman talk . lola uh-uh . that be not right , a man look that good . ashley you think he 's all man ? he be the jailhouse braider . lola you think it 's like that ? valerie like what ? like what ? ashley something about he ... he 's almost too good-look . lynn ~ ( to Valerie ) like he get some swish down river Valerie look baffle . lola suck in she gut , push she boob to the top of she halter . lola only one way to find out if papi be buyin 's what we be sellin ' - she step over to James . lola ( continue ) I like that , papi . you be good with you hand . James look at she admiringly , but it 's unclear just how . jame ( friendly , but not too flirty ) yeah ? thanks . he look at gina , grin . gina nearly fall over trom he smile . when she look up , three women have walk in off the street to watch James . 49 gina can I help you ? woman # 1 he braid hair ? woman # 1 ( continue ) I do need my braid redone . gina all right . come on over here . as she sit she down , we sce two other women who be wait for James 's service . gina ( continue ; to James ) and by the way , you be hire . CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop ~ later paulette be in with a gorgeous long wig on a styrofoam form . gina be still work on lorraine . paulette that daughter of mine in here ? gina and Valerie exchange a quick glance . gina yeah , for a minute . paulette bo not be lend she any money , gina . valerie she do not have any to lend . gina I be get tapped out . lorraine , who 's braid she 's do look up . lorrailne you will make money . you hang in here . trust. I . I work with woman and man who go from welfare to have successful business . gina really ? 50 . lorraine it 's ail in you attitude . you get to be prepare to take loss in the beginning . keep you perspective , okay ? you have you own shop . that 's a victory . that 's success right there . gina T be look at much mere than this . she wink at lorraine . gina ( continue ) you wait . I get plan ... CUT ' lo : int . gina's beauty shop - night the shop be close . gina be sit at she desk , look at eye-level at a row of high - end beauty product . she examine the bottle carefully , look at the label . in front of she she have a row of empty bottle , unique , interesting shape and size . she examine they , make some note . Valerie be sit at she foot , do homework . outside , a truck pull up ; the side read , joe rainey , electrical contractor . gina finally . jor rainey ( 30' , good - look } walk in , load down with gear . joe hey . you 're gina ? he look surprised . gina mmm hmm . that 's I . ( off he look ) what ? joe I do not expect ...l mean , lhe other lady here be ... very different . gina smile , can not help but check he oul . this one be fine in a hard - work , rough , real - man kinda way . ol . joe ( continue ) be there a mister gina - ? gina Morris . no . not anymore . Valerie , look up , watch she mother carefully . joe ( check she out ) I woulda be here sooner have 1 know she laugh , then notice Valerie . become business - like . gina like I say on the phone , everything blow out this afternoon . he nod . joe fuse box ? gina in the basement . he disappear for a beat and gina take a quick glance in the mirror . she smooth she hair down , throw on some lip gloss , Valerie watch , a question form - gina ocontinue ) Valerie . quit ! okay ? valerie be you attract to he ? gina ( warning ) he 's help we . go on . you get homework . have shoos she into the kitchen just as Joe come back up the air , step to she . joe you get problem . gina hope you can fix they ... joe I think T can . gina really ? she lean closer as he start sketching somelh on a pec . jof ( while he 's draw ) you need to re- wire alot of this conduit box . I be gonna get some cable and start lay some line so you can have power tomorrow . gina {getting worried ) okay . joe when would you take over here ? gina it 's my first week . joe man . you gonna brighten this spot up . Valerie step out of the kitchen and right up to Joe . valerie just in case you be think about it , my mama be not ready to start dating - gina Valerie ! get back in there ! this be not a three - way conversation . she push Valerie into the kitchen . joe how old be she ? gina nine . go on forty . joe do not know what man would ever want to leave you and that pretty little girl . gina do not have much choice . my husband die two year ago . Joe feel bad . the sexy , flirt have just fly out of the room . but he 's not faze or throw off . wl joe oh man . I be sorry . 1 do not know . gina yeah . Li 's be ... hard . raising we kid , be the one to bring it on home . jof you seem like you can handle alot . some woman have that , a special something , like they can survive thing a man never could . she look at he thoughtfully . joe {cont inue ) seriously . brother would just crawl up in the bed and pray for someone to come along and fix it all up for he . gina smile . gina not you . I do not get that from you . Valerie poke she head in . valerie mama ? we get to go practice . I be wait . gina {under she breath ) and T be talking . she straighten up , take a step back from Joe . gina ocontinue ; look away ) look . I need this do . but T can not pay you right now ... joe we can set something up . put you on a payment schedule . that way , I know I will see you at least once a month . gina try to hide she smile . he tap the dryer . joe ocontinue } ' hese be shot . you gonna have to get new one . he see the look of terror and panic come over gina 's face , gina no , no , no . do not tell I that . he write a number down for she . joe I know this equipment supply service where you could probably rent they for some kinda monthly fee . should not be too much . gina look at he . she 's move by he genuine helpfulne gina thanks , thank you . I really appreciate ... everything . he smile . there 's a awkward beat as he pause , clearly want to say more , maybe even ask she out . he glance hack at Valerie , smile at she - joe take care of yo ' mama , now . Valerie just glare in he direction as the duer shut behind he . int . gina's beauty shop - day aunt paulette be in , wait while gina do some final touch on she wig . rochelle be in gina 's choir , wait while she hair steep in special sauce . the radio be on . Ashley be do a client , as be Lynn . a couple of neighborhood woman wait they turn . the deliv set up the new rental dryer . Radio Men paulette {to gina ) T do not know , gina . she do not come home last night . gina she 's out have @ good time . paulette I get a bad feel . I go by leeanne 's . she have not see she at that moment , terri walk in , head to toe donna karan . everyone stop what they nre do ... freeze . lola {to Ashley ) friend of yours ? ashley uh - uh . tt take gina a minute to look up from rochelle 's hair and spot she . gina terri !? terri stand at the entranceway , flustered , not use to the vibe . gina get up , lead she in . gina ocontinue ) terri ? I do not think I would see you in this part ... terri sce she and throw she arm around she . terri I missed you , gina . T have to track you down ! everyone look on , surprise as gina return the hug , touch terri 's hair with warmth and familiarity . gina usher she to a chair , take she coat and help she into a robe . she hand she a bottle of evian . gina you be due , terri she nod , smile . radio ( female dj ) ..- so everybody out there get some crazy idea about who they really be . what they want you to believe they be - jame amen ! that 's one thing I can Tel ] you about be in prison ~ terri 's eye widen . prison ! jame ( continue ) you in lock down , no tv , no distraction . you learn who in Hell you be - 56 rad1o ... sspeak of the truth . I want to hear from you today . what you all feelin ' here in the atl ? terri T just want to look good when George get back . gina he 's away again ? terri yes . five day in Hawaii . maui . rochelle perk up , listen . rochelle what 's he do ? you man . terri look at she ; realize she 's be talk to . terri my husband ? he 's a sport lawyer . DENISE in Hawaii ? terri they go there to work on deal and what not ... denise and rochelle exchange a look . lola raise she eyebrow lola when be the last time he hit it ? terri ' hit it ? ' what do you mean ? Lynn rock she hip a little , in and out . terri ( continue ) oh my God ! that . no , no . it 's nothing like that . it 's just work . he work really hard - rochelle a man take a trip without he woman ... it 's a slap session . trust I . terri George treat I very well . he always bring I gift , jewelry - jame that be a tip -off right there . a guilty man 's gonna buy you shit . a man that 's happy and settle , he be not think about get you nothin . " terri oshock } 1 ... T have to disagrce ~ gina interrupt , try to get the conversation off husband . gina how 's George jr.? still play baseball ] ? terri he 's in Little League this year ~ radio ( female caller ) -. can not stand this hos out there tryin ' to get theirs from major athlete . rape this , rape that ... they would not be talkin ' shit if he be break - down and flippin’ burger . ashley how do she know what happen behind close door ? Men with that . much power can casily be tempt to take advantage of - jame now that be a stereotype . athletic man probably have more discipline and control - lola ( flirt ) ooo , he get ideas ! opinion ! you get smart inside ? jame always be . rochelle you gotto admit , we all know girl like that , makin ' a play for the mo y- jame that 's right . 7 . radio ( dd ) ..- talkin ' athlete , you all see that fight ? you all see lennox open up on that : Russian guy ? dentse lennox do not like girl . ashley l never hear that . DENISE where be he kid ? a beat . rochelle she 's get a point . perri maybe he 's just make a conscious decision , you know , not to overcrowd the planet ... dentse I do not think so . I do not get ' Tree hugger ' from lennox Lewis . at that moment rita the catfish Lady come in and se cart up . everyone start holler out they order walk down the line of chair , lay down paper piate with the greasy food . she stop at ' lerri catfish lady you hungry ? terri oh , I be - she 's starve . terri ( continue ) - not really hungry . I mean , I do not really eat meat . catfish lady I get some okra , some green ... terrt il there , be there alot of oil in that ? darnelle laugh out loud . catfish Lady stare at . she . 58 . laden terri ( continue ) J mean , if you be go to Lake a guess be , say , how many gram of fat be in - catfish lady honey , this green be just a flavor for the fat . she put a plate in front of terri , with a side of yam and butter~thick cornbread . terri be too intimidate to refuse . iverybody wait , watch as terri slowly , slowly take a tiny bite . the whole room be quiet , stare as she eat . terri ( surprised ) it 's ... it 's good . she chew , the flavor slowly grow on she gina better than that rabbit food you have every day - terri I want to get down to a size four - DENISE why be it a white girl think she look good all dry up ? terri I be not sixteen . I mean , at sixteen , 1 do not mind have , you know , a figure . rochelle but how come you sce sixteen year old white girl tryin ' to be all skinny ? terri be nodd , lean back and motion for rita to bisng she more food . her plate get load down and she eat with relish . terri that 's sad . really . ashley T be anorexic . year ago , at board school . rochelle nearly choke on she food . 60 . rochelle no ! I never hear of no black girl be anorexic ! ashley well ... I be . it be go to school on scholarship with a lot of wealthy girl - DENISE White girl ! see the white rubbed off on you - terri you know , I always did want that bottom , um , you know , the round behind . lynn ' bootylicious ! ' lola the jlo booty ! terri right ! but George like I thin . gina I do not know ... you think George would kick jlo to the curb ? terri laugh at the think . suddenly , jay Z 's " a dream " come on and lola turn it up . she stand up , start shaking it to the music . gina ( continue ; to terri ) now that - ( point to lola 's ass ) - be why you want to keep eat . lola dance , go right up behind James . Ali the girl start howling . he grab she , start dance up Close . gina be crack up with everyone else , shouting and laugh as James and iola put on a show ... when she spot paulette , 1 ! to the side on she cell phone . gina can tell something be very wrong . paolette it 's darnelle ... ext . glna's beauty shop ~- day gina pull up to lhe shop , darnelle in tow . she get out of the car , and she cousin follow , drag behind . gina turn to she . gina you stay cool . do not go off on you mother . just let I handle it . int . gina's beauty shop ~ continuous paulette be at the reception area , have take while she go to get darnelle . she 's too upset as darnelle and gina step in . darnelle momma — paulette tell I something , darnelle . how do a grow woman get into this kind of shit . what be I gonna do with you ? I swear , darnelle , I should have beat you more when I still could ! darnelle fhow 's I suppose to know that bike be steal ? paulette not just steal , but use in three armed robbery ! everyone in the shop be listen . gina let 's just settle down - darnelle before I get it - paulette and how 's anyone suppose to believe that ? valerife . you be in prison ? darnelle jail . just for two nighis - paulette how be you gonna pay you cousin back and stay the hell out of trouble ? teil I ! tell mf ! darnelle look away . light a cigarette . gina ( calmly ) she 's gonna work for I . 61 . over for gina to sit down , 62 . darnelle cough , stare at gina , horrify . gina ( continue ) yeah , that 's right . you be work for I now - darnelle gina ! ? darnelle groan . gina I be do you a favor , miss thug life . work be just not in you DNA . but I be gonna fix that . I expect you to show up on time and do like I ask . paulette cross she arm , enjoy this . oarnelle 1 can not do hair . gina you can do color . gina touch darnelle 's multi-hue hair . gina ocontinue ) girl , I know you can do color . you be a different shade every week ! darnelle grab she purse , furious . gina ( continue ) it 's that , or I bring you back downtown and rip up you bail check . I know they have not have time to process it . darnelle freeze . gina ( continue ) l expect you in at nine am , cuz . so get you how-can- TI - help - you smile on . lola saunter over , pretend to pick up a lowel . lola osinge Mary J ) '' no more drama in my life ... " 63 . gina you better get in the kitchen and out of my way , or I will school you in some real drama ! CUT to : int . beauty shop -— kitchen lola huff into the kitchen , stop as she notice gina 's special sauce cooking up on the stove . she step over , stare at the large pot , peer down at a hand - write recipe that gina 's leave out . dissolve to : int . gina's beauty shop - day close on : darnelle , sweeping up hair clipping with a look of total horror , and disgust . gina be pour out she special sauce into a few of the fancy bottle to cool . behind she , the door open and joanne step in , with terri at she side . everyone stop and stare . miss thing be a sight : head to toe gucci and dolce gabanna , hi- tech shade , a Louis vuitton bag . she be Paris Hilton with a dash of pamela Anderson . nothing but shocking . terri look downright . conservative and ordinary next to she . joanne see gina and hold she arm out . gina , surprised , thrilled , open she arm . gina joanne ! lookit you ! joanne everybody be . terri I have such a great time here the other day ! it be so ... different such a organic ... experience . I see joanne at sak and tell she she have to come see you . gina smile at terri , touch joanne 's hair . gina you need some of my sauce . joanne I be starve for it . my hair feel like straw . gina hand she a rvian and guide she over to the chair by the window . cut to : 64 . int . jorge cristophe be - day jorge be at the receptionist desk look through the book . jorge I do not understand . joanne Marcus be suppose to be here at four . behind he , we see he VIP alcove where gina use to work . fer chair be still empty . he close the book , smile , put on a brave face and sit down at one of the station . jorge ( continue ; on cell ) hi cristina ... be joanne in ? yes , it 's jorge ... I be expect she at four for a touch - up ... no , that 's okay . just have she call I back ... off jorge , we - dissolve to : ext . gina's beauty shop ~- day angle on : jorge , behind the wheel of he mercede , as he cruise past gina 's shop , slow down enough so that he can sce joanne inside , sit in gina 's chair . close on : jorge , try to keep it together as he speed off - CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop - same nobody in the shop can take they eye off joanne . she lower she shade and look around . joanne ( whisper ) you get anybody in here ? usher ? jermaine dupris ? any rapper ? gina rapper ? no ... the atl have not discover I - lynn - yet ! gina - but they will . maybe you can swing that for I - terri go over to lola to get she nail do . joanne lower she glass as she spot James . joanne who be that ? do not tell I he work here . gina that he do . a lola peer over at joanne 's hand , see the gorgeous Louis vuitton clutch she 's hold . lola cute . gina lola , this be joanne Marcus . joanne be the Louis vuitton rep at sak . lola oh . she 's a salesgirl . do not look like it . joanne what be that suppose to mean ? joanne clutches she purse . lola relax . nobody 's gonna jack you purse . joanne roll she eye . joanne I do not think - gina lola ? can you get joanne a water ? get she a robe ? gina turn the radio up . radio -..0n brt after ' how we be live ? ' yeah , just a regular , round - the - way girl feelin ' bad about she saggin ' butt . they show the whole implant surgery . it be crazy ! since when do black folk get plastic surgery ? I mean , besides Michael Jackson . c'mon ! we age well ! gina that 's right . Black do not crack . 66 . ashley it 's a sign of wealth and prestige to be able to lock young - lynn or rounder in the bee-oo- tee ! joanne spin around . joanne { think if you want to get some work do , why not ? she look right at James . joanne ( continue ) what about you ? do not you think a woman 's beauty can be enhance with a Little ... work ? she cross she leg . uncross they . James jook at she ample chest . iola , do a pedicure right next to he , catch it all . lola lookit this one make a play . jame ( try to be diplomatic ) it depend on how it look at the end of the day . joanne or , the next morning . lola cough , pretend she 's choke . lola I guess some people get to spend money look cute ! other of we be just bear that way . joanne in case you have not hear , poverty be soq not sexy . sece that this two be not get along , gina get lola up , push she towards the kitchen . gina lola , why not you go take a break - joanne slep over to jamé , watch he braid a client , while she own hair steep in the special sauce . 67 . joanne I be like that . you be good ! do you give back rub ? at that moment the door swing open and the health inspfctor march in with he notebook . darnelle , who 's do hi-lite on a older woman , turn she back , try vainly to disappear . everyone watch as he go through the shop , gina at he heel . gina {to Inspector ) see my new electrical plan ? New dryer ? he do not answer . finally stop at darnelle . inspector T do not see a license properly display here . darnelle ( mumble ) I be suppose to take my test on Friday , but I could not get a ride - he start scribbling out a llicket . tear it off and hand it co gina . inspector one more of that and I close you down . gina smile , but shoot darnelle a look . int . gina's beauty shop ~ later joanne get up , she hair a shiny panel of blond silk , with artful wave . everybody ooos and ahh . gina smile . joanne go to pick up she bag . denise and rochelle have pop in and settle down , spread out . they stare at joanne . dentse and who 's this ? ashley a client of gina 's from jorge cristophe 's . dentse she somebody 's daughter ? one of they kid lionel ritchie adopt ? lola she 's a sale girl - 68 . rochelle look like bank to I . lola that 's the point . looking like money - just then , dee walk in . Dee be a hard - up street girl . she 's a local . at nineteen , she 's see she share of '' the life . " lola and Ashley exchange a look . ashley I know she 's not let her in here . lola I would make her shower up before I touch she . Dee hesitates at the door , gina smile , motion for she to step in . Ashley hold she hand up , shake she head . Lynn be busy . darnelle shake she head at gina , mouth no way gina ( whisper ; to girl ) what be wrong with all of you ? you never have a bad day ? I hope you all never fall on hard time , the a way you act . she grab Dee and sit she down , give she a robe and a water , gina ( continue ; to Dee ) soon as I be do wash you , darnelle here be gonna hook you up with some color . darnelle 's eye widen . gina give she a look . gina ( continue ) I be gonna give you a little special sauce here , fix you hair up . gina hold up a bottle . she 's glue on a clever , label : gina's special sauce . gina ( continue ; to joanne} you want some ? joanne be you finally sell it ? 69 . gina fifty -five dollar ... but I be gonna give you this one - joanne reach for it . gina hold it back . gina ocontinue ) provide you talk it up . you know people , joanne . you work at sak joanne look at . the bottle , look at gina . get it .. joanne you want to turn this into something . gina that 's right . joanne something big . gina that 's the idea . joanne smile , game . leans over to pick up she bag ... think twice . '' joanne James ? do you mind get that : for I ? lynn and gina exchange smile . this one have get game . lola glare at she . jame no problem . joanne turn , follow James out to she car , pull out a twenty and drop it on lola 's lap . joanne you look like you could use a little ... help . lola get up , fist clench , and try to go after she . hold she back gina settle yourself , girl . lola you watch . T be gonna beat she down ! gina in whose shop ? talk about you be gonna '' beat she down . " not here . not in my shop . lola tear herself away from gina , cursing in Spanish and settles down . angle on : joanne get in she car . as she get in and James hand she she bag , she slip he she number . joanne call I . Mr. Marcus be away alot of the time . James smile , tuck the number in he shirt , but do not make it clear one way or the other how he feel . gina ( watch ; to Lynn ) that be gonna be some crazy drama , that two hook -up . lynn the cell - y and the sak girl . gina laugh . gina '' the cell -y and the sak girl " J like that . sound like a bad movie . ashley just pray they do not give you a part . dissolve to : int . gina's beauty shop ~- later everyone have go for the day . gina be count the register while darnelle finish up on Dee . gina watch as darnelle stand she up , turn she to the mirror . her hair be do , gorgeous with new coppery hi- light . despite herself , darnelie be smile , touch the hair , look at how it catch the light : proud of she work . Dee be grin . she lock amazing , transformed . gina ( whisper ; to darneile ) feel good , do not it ? darnelle look at she cousin . nod . it 's a moment . unspoken , subtle ... there 's be a shift in darnelle 's attitude . 71 . they both watch Dee head out , a new , self - assure step to she walk ... cur to : int . glna's beauty shop - morning gina be work at she desk , a pile of papers and bill around she . darnelle be help she set up for the day . Valerie be do homework at one of the counter . valerie ( not look up ) mama ? be we poor now ? gina we be noy poor . we have just have some unexpected . ..expenses - they be interrupt by a knock on the door . it 's joe. gina let he in . joe hey ... gina Joe ! you come here lo brighten thing up ? he wink at she . joe maybe one day you will find out just how bright I can be . gina smile . joe ( continue ) hold on . I get something for you ~ he duck out . darnelle o- kay ! I see how it be ! gina now do not . go thfre yet . darnelle mroma - hiram . when gina look up , it 's just in time to see Joe wheeling in a small , upright piano . gina 's mouth drop open . 72 . joe it 's no steinway , but I know you daughter 's get to practice and this way she do not have to go to the church ... gina oh , E could not accept anything - joe relax , it 's from a house I be work on . in buckhead . they give it to I . gina it do not know ... I owe you money and - joe just take it . t'monna set it up in the kitchen . it 's very hot as they gaze at each other . gina thank you . you know how to make a girl smile . joe that 's not the half of it . gina can I get you juice ? joe I would love some ! gina smile , sashays to the kitchen . Joe be watching and % i catch it in the mirror . int . gina's beauty shop - kitchen gina open the refrigerator , look up and see the picture Red , she husband , stare at she , he arm around valeri she sigh , spill the orange juice as she 's pour . gina damn ! she grab a towel , reach up and turn Red 's picture arour . i so he can not '' see " she . she finish up ... then have a moment a beat , where she stare at the cardboard back of the frame . she slowly turn the picture back int . beauty shop - salon Valerie sneak up on Joe . valerie you bring we a piano ? joe piano 's for you , sweetheart . valerie ( matter -of - fact ) you get I a piano so you can have sex with my mother . joe whoa ! no , no . now hold on . nobody say anything about that . I would like to take you mother out ... you know , for lunch or something . Valerie look at he carefully . valerie I do not know if she would do that . Joe lean down , get eye-level with Valerie . joe tell you what . you look like a smart girl . I bet you can figure out that I be a nice guy . Valerie look at Joe , look at the piano , soften . joe ( continue ) maybe you need some music to go with that piano ? couple of CD 's to inspire you ? Valerie can smell a bribe ... but it 's too tempting . valerie Tower record open in a half-hour . off Joe , smile , we- CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop - later everyone be in , gina be work on a client when she and see jorge , stand in the doorway . gina jorge ! jorge open he arm wide , and give gina a big kiss . look 74 . gina ocontinue } I know you be not here for my weave . he laugh , check out the shop . jorge I just have to see what all the fuss be about . you steal my best client , might as well find out why . he give she a wink . gina try to look as casual and relaxed as she can . jorge ( continue ; look around ) I love it gina . do you do all this ? gina nod . jorge ( continue ) ' fantastic . very trendy , very soho loft ... '' gina can I get you something ? a coffee ? Water ? jorge no , no ... I have to run . I be just in the neighborhood . gina and lynne exchange a look . yeah , right . jorge reach out and take both of gina 's hand . ~ jorge ( continue ) really . I be so proud of you . I know how hard it be when you first start . thing break down , you have the Inspector on you back - — gina yeah , that dick have be riding I - jorge that 's par-for~the -course . he always come in twice when you have just open . gina look at he , carefully . he quickly change the subject . 75 . jorge ( continue } you know , gina . if you ever want you job back — gina thanks jorge . but I be hang in there . jorge I see . of course . gina I mean , do not get I wrong . the money be crazy good at you shop . he smile , hold he hand up . jorge that 's fine . I understand . tf you ever change you mind - lic kiss she on both cheek before he leave . Lynn lean in to gina . gina funny . do I say the Inspector have be in here twice ? tynn shrug . they exchange a puzzle look . CUT to : bxt . STREET - day down the block from gina 's , jorge pull he mercede over 45 the curb . a man step out from the barber shop , lean in to jorge 's window . jorge quickly hand he a couple of large bill . as jorge pull away , the man turn , and we see that it 's the Inspector ... int . gina's beauty shop - later the shop be half full . Lynn and gina be chat . lola be do she nail when a couple of James 's salvation Army parolee friend come in . they hug each other , long and hard . Ashley , Lynn and lola take note . jame Big Dog ! ' S up ? rick T be cool . you ? jame lot 's too dang reaj , out here . 76 . they laugh . malik T hear you . gina nod to they . gina ( to James ) Friends of yours ? jame yeah . gettin 's they braid re-done . gina ( smile ) get they a water , James . sec if they need anything . you know how we do . malik lot 's alright we here ? gina of course ! spread the word ! lola ( get up ) a. oh it 's just fine . you all settle in - rick so . tell I , dog . what you pick up on , do all this female hair ? Lynn and gina exchange a look . lola be hover by the man , check they all out ... and likewise . jame I will tell you , brother . woman in they twenty talk about the guy , woman in they thirty talk about the kid ... and woman in they forty talk about they divorce and the money they be gettin . ' lola mmm - hmm . he 's right ! that 's right ! Joe pop he head in , hand Valerie a couple of brand new CD 's . he look at gina . joe itmonna call you later . 77 , everyone in the shop , exchange look as Joe give gina a long , significant smile before he leave . valerie {to gina ) Mom ? I know you say you be not ready to start dating , but he 's really cool . I think you should go out with he . gina look at this . I be get dating advice from a nine year old - jame they start young . lola and what do that mean ? jame I be just say . it 's typical . female any age gonna see what she can get . lola maybe the female you have be with - gina now that 's crazy . we might talk about . who 's bank - up ... but any woman , when you come down to it be gonna tell you it 's about the connection , it 's about feel love - lola - appreciate . rick a rich man 's always get a pretty girl on he arm . that 's just the way it be . gina a man 's get to have backbone ... do not mean he 's get to have money . lynn Men gonna fish with something shiny , and woman gonna get hook . gina laugh . the phone ring , and gina pick it up . gina yeah . that 's I . ( lowering she voice ) 1 know , 1 know . I say I would have it but ... T do not right now , 1 mean today , this minute - malik ( check out Ashley ) what about you ? you speak for ? ashley ( shy ) I have get someone special ~ malik what 's he do ? ashley {evasive } I would rather keep my personal life out of the shop . gina hang up the phone and grab she coat . gina ( to darnelle} answer the phone for I . I get to work something out . darnelle nod as we ~ CUT to : int . rental company office a} large sign say equipment rental . gina be stand in front of the manager , a heavy set man in he forty . gina look , I give you half the deposit . manager and I tell you , we need seven hundred dollar on the first . gina well , 1 just do not have that to spare right now so we be gonna have to work something out . I need that dryer . manager work something out ? like what ? gina like what ? I will tell you what . you get a girlfriend ? a daughter ? manager yeah . a daughter . gina she get she hair do ? he nod . manager yeah . get a weave . gina exactly . and how much do you end up spend on she weave ? manager I do not know . eighty buck a pop ? gina so there you go ... seven hundred dollar ... nine weave . done . she shake he hand . he 's not sure what just hit he , but . gina 's just buy herself a little time . CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop - later darnelle be at gina 's desk when joanne come in . joanne where 's gina ? I have got to get my hair fix for tonight - darnelle she have kind of a emergency . joanna groan , annoyed . darnelle ( continue ) she will be back , prob'ly in a hour . joanne I do not have a hour . til have to go somewhere else . she turn and be about to walk out when darnelle see that Lynn be free and grab she back . 80 . darnelle Lynn could hook you up . she 's fabulous . joanne stare at Lynn . joanne T do not know ... darnelle pull out one of the robe , help joanne in it and lead she over to Lynn 's chair . joanne ( continue ; to Lynn ) I just want it up ... something kind of classic . lynn up ? I can do you braid with a straw set , throw in a couple of curl , adda little bling to the mix - joanne nod , not understanding a word she 's say . joanne yeah . whatever . I be kind of in a hurry . off joanne , we - cur to : int . gina's beauty shop - later close on : gina , walk in the door . she survey the shop ari suddenly freeze . gina's p.o.v. : joanne Marcus be turn away from the mirror , talk a mile a minute to James and he parolee friend . Lynn be behind she , put the finish touch on a insane ghelto hair - do : joanne have piece and braid ail lwist and wrap into a structure creation , with it grease curl on she forehead . gina , meanwhile , be busy have a heart attack . she run ovoc just as Lynn be about to turn joanne around to the mirror . gina wait , wait !!! joanne gina ! do you know this guy be all in prison together ? {more ) gl . joanne ( cont would ) this gorgeous man , all wrongly convict for have , weapon and drug ! gina joanne ~ at thal moment joanne turn around and catch a glimpse of herself . she gasp . fveryone be wait , sece what she will do . gina ( continue ) joanne ... joanne tilt she head , look at the side , look at the back .... then smile . joanne . you know , this be kind of cool . T feel like alicia key or something . jame it 's a good look for you - malik very good . '' - rick mmm-fimm . you get a ghetto pass with that look , girl . joanne oh my god. I love that ! a '' ghetto pass ! '' that 's so cute ! she 's laugh , loving ali the attention . lola oh , please ! gina can not believe it . joanne get up , look at darne !l le. joanne you be right . she ~ opoint to Lynn ) ts good ! oe gina , exchange a look with darnelle . cur to : 82 . int . gina's beauty shop — morning gina 's p.o.v. : open the door to she shop , gina see joanne , with she ghetto hair , and line up for Lynn , a couch full of young , trendy white girl with money to burn . Lynn give gina a huge smile . gina step over and squeeze she hand . lynn I ' monna be do '' ghetto fabulous " till the cow come home tonight . gina girl ! I tell you you be gonna get the prop you deserve . they tap fist as gina go over to the couch and slart give the girl evian and chat they up . gina ( continue ) Love that heel ! prada ? and you get the leg for they . uh-huh . and jook at you ! look at you dior bag . so fabulous ! joanne be grin . gina give she a big hug and joanne pullj she aside . joanne T get you '' hook - up '' gina . gina ( excited ) what do you mean ? what , what ? tell I ! joanne I talk to the head of marketing for revlont line of boutique product and I give he a sample of you stuff ... she pause for effect . gina and ? and ? joanne he want to meet with you . gina jump up and hold a fist in the air gina praise the Lord ! thank you , God , thank you , joanne ! thank you , my mother , rest she soul - 83 . jame " S go on with the acceptance speech ? lola someone 's happy . ashley what 's up , gina ? gina pause . gina you all be gonna be live large when my unique line of gina 's special sauce be out - darnelle gina ? fo'real ? gina ~and people will be come here from all over to catch the gina flavor ! everyone be laugh and talk over each other , ask she question . except lola , who 's expression turn dark , strangely sullen ... dissolve to : int . gina's beauty shop - night darnelle be help close up , look at she watch . valeric be eat she dinner at one of the counter , a CD walkman 5 while Lynn do gina 's hair . Ashley hover , help Lynn . lynn what time 's he pick you up ? gina any minute . get in the back there ... my not kitchen . ' be my ' kitchen 's clean ? Lynn nod . gina stand up : she look incredible , a long sweeping ponytail down to she back . ashley woman , you know how to dress up ! gina laugh . gina thank you , baby . 84 . outside , a car honk . gina grab she purse , nervous , lean over Valerie and lift the headphone . gina ( continue ) I be leave ... valerie have fun . gina Lynn 's gonna watch you - valerie I know . gina what be you listen to ? valfrie ( annoyed ) the piece I be gonna do for my recital ... Mom ! go ! he 's wait ! gina okay , okay . gina take a deep breath , straighten up and take one lau look in the mirror ... int . restaurant - buckhead - night a small , romantic spot . candle , good wine . gina and Joe be lean close . jor I tell you , it be hell my st three year . ate alot of bean and rice . a lot of ramen . she laugh . gina I feel you . least you do not have a kid . joe that daughter of yours . she 's something else . gina right ? just she own little person . I mean , the girl be conceived to Barry White and here she be , all over Beethoven and mozart . 85 . joe she 's different . gina nod , smile think about she . gina when she play , it 's like ... magic . I check myself , you know ? be I one of this Star search mother lovin ' every sound out of they tone - deaf kid ? then all I have get to do be look around at everyone else listen to she and I know . she be the real thing . he smile . joe she 's get a special mama . gina ( flirt ) oh , you think so ? joe ( get serious ) you know what 1 like about you ? you get real spirit . nothing get you down . I mean , even when you talk about a ' situation , ' you can laugh at it . see the humor . gina Mam - hmm . I guess that 's true . he take she hand . joe you be something else , gina - cuot to : ext . restaurant - buckhead — night Joe stand by the door of the car , open it for gina to get in . she pause . gina take . I like you , Joe . but I get a kid to raise , I get a business ... I do not think I be ready for - she can finish , they be kissing . it 's a jong , nice ina pull away , look at he . Joe back off , smile . 86 joe I hear you , I do . no pressure . off gina , as Joe lean in for one more kiss , we - cuT to : int . gina's beauty shop - day discussion be loud and lively . gina be work on joanne , whistling , a spring in she step . everyone be laugh , teasing she . gina --- it be just a kiss . that 's it ! ashley yeah . right . terri it 's sweet ! I think he 's adorable . lynn you be due for a lot more . darnelle 1 hear thing be burnin’ up against he truck - gina you hear wrong ! lola be do she own nail , James and he friend be kick hack . terri be on she way out the door . rochelle ( to terri ) C 'mon now . you got to figure he 's play around - terri oh , no . you just have a very vivid ... imagination . DENISE het never home at night ! terri that 's the job ! it 's always be that way - rochesle you watch out ! and take care , now ! terri smile , wave she good - by . radio ( dj ) ..- a sad day in Atlanta when peabo bryson ' 's personal stuff be on auction for the IRS . jame no! rick say it be not so - radio ( dj ) ... there be some raggedy hater there , goin ' through he stuff ... he tumi luggage , he clothes - gina now , who 's gonna bid for peabo 's clothes ? ashley that 's just humiliate - gina a how much be they actually gonna get ? he owe , like , a million two , 1 hear - jame I hear more and that . radio ( dd ) ..and he grammy ! ( sing ) " ... a whole new world ... " remember that ? that shit be for Disney ! come on ! gina somebody should go down there , get peabo 's grammy back for he - lola people get no class . gina right .? that 's sad . darnelle tacky . peabo be Atlanta old school - 87 . 8b . joanne I do not even know who that be ! they all stare at she , incredulous . jame peabo bryson . joanne do not ring a bell . lola you be not get any play be ignorant ' bout Old School - joanne ignorant ? who be you call ignorant ? you do nall for a live ! lola yeah ? and you sell ] bag ! least T do not front like I be rich when I be not ! gina now hold on ! you cool down - lola I work my way up from Welfare - joanne figure you 'd be on Welfare . suck the system dry when you could be work . lola can not stand it . she get up , get in joanne 's face . lola bitch , what would you know about I , ' bout how thing have be for I ? joanne I know a tacky slut when 1 see one - lola whip off she earring , hold a emory board in she fist like she 's gonna stab joanne . Al ] the ghetto girl in the shop let out a appreciative holler at this move . the man laugh , can not believe it . joanne jump up and grab a can of hair spray and hold it in lela 's face . gina step in between they , break it up , and order they , point she finger , to they respective chair . gina c'mon now ! stop ! 89 . a beat . gina ( continue ) you two need to sit dewn and chill the hell out . joanne turn she back . lola do the same . gina ( continue ) you all be in a beauty shop ... and that 's just ugly . she look at both of they . gina ( continue ) I see what you get go on here . you both look good , rockin ' the minis , nail do , hair do . I be gonna tell you something right now : when it come to cute girl , there 's never just one , okay ? never . there 's a silence as the two woman fume . but there 's a truth to what gina 's say and everyone continue to listen gina ( continue ) do not be hater . appreciate what you both get go on , otherwise you gonna make yourselves miserable . darnelle that 's some truth right there . everyone look at gina . this girl know how to read a pe and handle a situation . there 's a sudden respectful quis the shop . and then joanne get up , she hair half do . joanne you fire she , or I be walk out . gina come on , now . joanne I 'm the client ! she 's not suppose to - gina settle down , lemme finish you ~ 90 . joanne - talk to I like that ! gina I be net get rid of any of my people , joanne . joanne then you be gonna lose a client gina ( get firm ) look . no one 's lose they job ' cause they have beef over some stupid shit . that 's not right . joanne grab she bag , start gather she stuff . gina ( continue ) joanne ! come on now . joanne turn , walk towards the door . turn to gina : joanne you can forget about you meeting with revlon . there 's dead silence in the room . everyone look at gina , lola ... then at joanne . wait for gina 's reaction . gina it 's like that ? fine. 1 do not need to meet revlon . joanne turn , storm out . jame qoo . that 's one angry little white girl . ashley right ? darnelle she 's crazy mad . malik ' Cause she 's not the real thing . no class . rick that 's right . Real class woulda leave it . dropped it . James point to gina . at 91 . jame tuat be real class , right there . fverybody murmur they agreement . gina just keep on work , not let she disappointment . show . lynn you okay ? gina ( to Lynn ) just a minor set-back . I will find a backer for my shit ... nobody 's gonna make I do something that 's not right . angle on : lola , look at gina with appreciation ... and be guilt . dissolve to : int . gina's beauty shop - morning gina open up the shop to find lola wait for she , sit alone by she chair . gina lola ! good . just the person I want to talk - lola ( stop she ) gina , wait . I owe you a apology . Big time . gina hey . it 's okay . I know you and T have not always see eye - lola no. something else . I do something really mess up . gina stop . wait . lola slowly unfold a piece of papur hold it up for gina to sce : gina ( read it ) it 's my recipe . my special sauce - lola t...1 sell it - gina what ? 92 . lola - to jorge . gina stare at she , in shock . lola ( continue ) gina , I be so sorry . 1 do not know what a big deal it be . he approach I a while back . the money be good and I think you be a bitch - gina jorge have my recipe ? lola you have it write down in the kitchen - she look down , genuinely remorseful . lola ( continue ) I know you be probably gonna fire I ~ ' gina '' let 's hope there 's a ' gina 's ' to fire you from . lola look away , feel horrible . lola what can I do ? be there anything T can do ? gina just stare at she , too furious to blow up . gina just get out , lola . pack you shit , get out and pray he have not go too far with this - CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop — afternoon gina be pace while hair get do . lorraine be there . jam be braid . denise and rochelle be in . ndarnelle , Ashley a Lynn be both busy but they stop everything the second the door open and terri sweep in , pull off she scarf and coat . she pull a flyer out from she purse . everyone gather around . 93. terri ET get it . there 's a whole display of this up at the Neiman 's beauty counter — close on : the flyer . tt 's a beautifully art direct shot of a jar of jorge' special sauce . a gorgeous model hold the jar , and above she in large print it read : gina ( read ) " ... jorge 's special sauce : premiere on sale at the Atlanta Hair Convention . " ashley the hair show ! that 's next weekend - gina look at the flyer for a beat . she sit back , crush . no one 's ever see she like this , so thoroughly deflate . lorraine you get the shop , gina . you get you business - gina I be count on this . lorraine you be smart . you will figure it out . gina look at the picture of the jar . gina he do a nice job . a beat . she tap the flyer . hold it up . gina ( continue ) that 's my dream , right there . James step forward . jame gina . we can go over there . step up the he . we can break he down - gina no , no . thanks but , no . I be not stooping to he bullshit ; I ‘li figure out something else - at that moment , the door open and lola walk in . there 's a deathly silence as everyone stare at she : they all know . James shake he head , disgust . 94 . lola take a deep breath , look at gina . it 's take alot of ball for she to come back in here . lola gina , I know I really mess up , but ... you have to let I make it up to you . the whole shop be mad-dodog she , listen . lola ( continue ) no one 's ever ... respected I like you do ... nobody 's ever put up with my shit , and stand up for I . Lynn start to come forward , like she 's gonna throw lola out . gina stop she . lola ocontinue ) I will do anything . I will work for free . I will sell my car - gina stare at she . point to the jar . gina {quietly ) that 's generation of knowledge in there . that 's priceless ! you understand ? nothing that special 's ever gonna come my way again . lola look away . a beat . gina grab a apron , throw it at lola . gina ( continue ) get to work ~ - lola thank you , thank you ! I will not let you down - gina I be not do this for you , lola . a beat as gina stare at she . gina ( continue ) I give people second chance ' cause I hate stayin’ mad . uh-uh . I be not do that to myself . ( more ) gina ( cont would ) ( a beat ) 1 do not know how all this be gonna play out , but you and T be not do . cut to : ext . gina's beauty shop ~ day James , Ashley , Lynn and darnelle be outside , talk as open up . lola hover a step behind they . gina I be think I need to raise the price right about now - jame what you get go be great word of mouth . lynn you get a reputation now . gina yeah , I be the cute , local corner shop , but it 's not crazy busy . I need - she stop , mid-sentence . gina ( continue ) that 's funny . my alarm 's not work . she push the door open - int . gina's beauty shop - day gina open the door of the shop and step in . she tyre everyone behind she do the same : the whole shop h trash . mirror have be break , chair slashed , '' turn over . gina run to the register . [ t 's be cii-w open . all she petty cash be go . jame oh man ! darnelle you be rob . gina ( slowly ) not just rob — 96 . lola run out . gina that 's right . that 's cxactly right . they move through , crunching through break glass as they look around . paulette arrive , Valerie in tow . Valerie gasp , burst into tear . paulette be open-mouthed , horrify . gina grab valeric , pick she up and hug she . paulette oh my Lord ! Jesus ! who would do this ? gina ( knowingly ) whotd want to see I put out . it 's not a question . gina turn and look at lola . they know . they all do . nothing more need to be say - CUT to : int . gina's beauty shop - later a squad car be out front . two detective ( white , 30' ) be talk to gina , while James , Lynn , lola and darnelle start clean up the mess . det . # 1 ( take note ) ... what miss valuable ? gina Cash , beauty supplies , equipment ... everything . the two detective exchange a look . gina ( continue ) I have my suspicion — det . # 1 you get drug debt ? gina drug debt ? no ! det . # 1 ' Cause otherwise , this fit right in with a series of neighborhood robbery — o7 . det . # 1 ( continue ) tell we what you know , we will run it , see if anything come up . gina seem like you have get you mind already make up . gina sigh , defeat , wear out . gina ( continue ) T get to get home , get Valerie ready for she recital tonight and I do not even have last quarter 's tuition . Lynn step over . lynn lemme help clean this . we can get it set up again - gina I be do . I do not have it in I to keep go . I do not have the resource . off gina , devastate , we - cut to : int . gina's house - cascade row , '' swat '' aunt paulette and darne}le wait while gina put finish touch on Valerie 's hair . everyone be dress in they Sunday best . Valerie 's hair be a cascade of flow wave , top off with a small , golden musical note clipped into the fall . paulette and darnelle try to compensate for gina 's somber mood . paulette baby , you look gorgeous ! valerte really ? darnelle oh yeah ! over the top gorgcous . valerie it 's not too beyonce ? paulette no , no. 98 . darnelle only in a good way . Valerie catch she mother 's quict gaze . valerie be the cop gonna find whoever do it ? paulette ( to darnelle ) be not one of you friend ? darnelle yeah , right . thanks , mama . valerie ( to gina ) you think it be jorge ? gina I know it be jorge . but you get to let the law take it 's course . innocent until prove guilty . be not that how it go ? gina sigh . gina ( continue ) I tell they to check into it ... we will see . aunt paulette lean down to Valerie . paulette ( to Valerie ) how about , after you recital , we go get you a sundae at thirty - one flavor ? Valerie 's face light up . valerie yeah ! she look at she Mom , desperate to see she happy . valerie . ( continue ) what do you think , Mom ? gina force a smile . gina sound good , baby . you be the ster . 99 . she give she a big squeeze . they all get up , gina help Valerie into she coat . paulette hang back , motion for darnelle to lead Valerie to the car . paulftte ( aside ; to gina ) you gonna tell ] she ? gina look at she aunt . gina not tonight . I want she to enjoy this moment . let she shine . they pick ten kid out of the whole school to do this - paulette nod . paulette you gonna have to tell she gina what do I say ? baby , I let you down . no more shop . no more music school ~ paulette you will find the right way - '' int . music and art school ~ fvening a huge auditorium . a panel of esteem music teachers be seat at a long table . Parents ( mostly white and asian ) and coaches fill some of the seat . a young asian boy be play the violin as gina , darnelle and paulette take seat up front . the boy finish play and everyone applaud . teacher next we have - ( read ) Valerie Morris . there 's a beat ... and then Valerie walk across the stage to the grand piano that 's set up there . she pause ... and then begin to play . we can see gina become visibly move by the first few subtie note . she sit up , look around at all the face of . every listen and she know : it 's pure magic . her face be fi} with emotion , with a sense of pride and ... impending loss . ext . music and art schooi - night as gina and Valerie be leave , a teacher run up to they she 's young , vibrant . 100 . teacher Mrs. Morris ? so fantastic to meet you ! the teacher pump gina 's hand , then give Valerie a big hug . teacher ( continue ; whisper ) you do great ! Valerie be beam . gina smile , try not to let she heartbreak show . teacher ( continue ) she 's so talented . so gift ! gina right , right . she be special . off gina , look at the teacher with a bittersweet smile , wer dissolve to : ext . gina's beauty shop - morning as gina approach , one of the barber from the shop dawn the way stick he head out . barber you be close down ? gina that 's right . just pack up what 's leave . he shake he head . barber damn shame . you have some cute girl in there - int . beauty shop - continuous as gina open the door , she reach down to pick up some mail that 's be shove through the slot , do not look up of : a beat . when she do , she double - take ; gasp . the shop have be completely transformed . Lynn , James , darnelle , Ashley and lola stand by proudly as gina take it in : everyone have bring in they own furniture and equipment . the mirror have be replace by funky , mismatch ballroom mirror . the coffee table have be replace . there be couch , rug , lamp and wall hanging . it 's crazy and eclectic , but somehow it work . the only thing that remain be the rental hair dryer . gina look around , overwhelm . 1oL. gina what ... what the -? jame welcome to the new and improve gina 's . she 's move and shocked . lynn we get flat iron , curler , shampoo , conditioner - lola nail supplies - darnelle Hair for weave - gina what would you do ? how do you -? jame just raid we home . ashley we bring in all we own stuff . gina do not know what to say . gina ( slowly ) you all be not let I off the hook , huh ? darnelle ( softly ) you have get a good thing here , gina . a beat . gina I dontt know . I be look forward to a vacation on my couch , feel sorry for my poor , break self ... jame ( look at he watch ) you may be break ... but we book you today — lynn so get yo ' work on ! 102 . gina how can we do this ? T get no money — Lynn put a arm around gina . in the background , we see benise and rochelle come in , check out the new look as thay Lake they seat . DENISE I love it ! rochelle you girl go buck wild with the new decor ! the door swing open and terri walk in , sit down at gina 's chair . terri look at this ! you redecorate . gina something like that - terri look at she , carefully . terri I want you to do something different , something new . chop it all off and give I ... a shag . something rock and Roll . gina stare at she . gina what happen ? DENISE woman want a change like that , can only mean one thing - terri I be leave George . gina stare , open-mouthed . the other girl react . terri ( continue ) Net 's be have a affair - rochelle I know it . gina terri ! itm so sorry ! you alright ? you cool ? terri it 's okay . I be gonna be fine . now that I know . rochelle see that ? you yo ' own woman now ! DENISE kick he to the curb ! lola lean in to she . lola can I get you a cappuccino ? terri that would be lovely ... gina ( to lola ) that thing have not ever work , lola - joe ( o.5 . ) it 's work now . gina freeze as Joe step out from the kitchen . Joe step help out . she nod , before he off gina , darnelle ( pointedly ) Joe help hang all the new mirror — ashley and he put some new light fixture in . over to gina . gina look at he , touch everyone be watch . gina hey . you . thank you . joe just know ... I be around . 103 . he would they look at each other , a long significant look , walk out . exchange a grateful look with the girl , cur to : woo 104 . int . gina's beauty shop - later denise and rochelle be talk a mile a minute , terri be admire she new , sexy look when two local ghftto girl walk in , baby in tow . one of they step forward . gina what can I do for you , gorgeous ? girl I need my weave re-done , but I only get enough to do the front . if you could just hook up the front — - gina how much you get ? girl fitty buck . gina Fine . I will do the whole thing . girl really ? you messin ' with I ? gina sit down . put yo ' foot up , little mama . how old be you ? girl seventeen ... as gina start work on the girl , chat she up , she baby wander , toddle around . the girl pick he up , coo and tickle he . he giggle and laugh . the other girt hug lola and they start to chat : old friend . lynn ( aside , to gina ) so ? what 's the plan , woman ? gina ( smile ) I get a mortgage due , 1 ] owe on the rental , I be overdue on Valerie 's tuition ... and there be but four people in here . lynn you be smile . gina damn straight , I be smile . I love this ! she start laugh . gina ( continue ) one day at a frickin ' time . that 's how I be feel it . I '' open right now , this minute ..- until someone say otherwise ! Lynn start laugh , hold a hand up . gina ( continue ; hit it ) that 's my damn state - of - the-art Business plan ! at that moment , a statuesque woman ( African american , thirty ) walk in . she seem local , but with a little mere sophistication . gina sit she down at she chair . gina ( continue ) you from around here ? woman my cousin life around the corner she tell I you all could do I right . gina look at she carefully : something about she seem familiar . gina start to slather on some of she special sanu gina you have get a great full face . you could carry off something with a little more height - woman really -? gina let I try something - at that moment , rita come in with she cart of food . rita praise Jesus ! if it be not my favorite hair doctor ! miz gina ! you go and redecorate ! I like this ... this fit ! gina grin as everyone start shouting out they order and eat rita 's food . the ghetto girl , the woman gina 's work on ... everyone start talk and comment on how good the food be as they eat . 106 at that moment , Willie fly in , boom box on one shoulder , blast he music , a video camera under the other arm . gina Willie . come on - willie wait ! wait ! hold up ! it 's my new cut ! you owe I , gina ... i need you gorgeousness in my dang video ! gina I get client here , my friend , you get to catch I some other - willie guess who 's direct ? funkmaster will hisself ! gina sigh , let he go on , flirt with the girl : she 's in generous mood . cur to : int . gena's beauty shop — day gina be do with the woman 's hair : it be a gorgeous creation . one of she best . the woman be laugh and talhiny with rita as she leave , clearly pleased with she new look : gina stare at the tip in she hand . gina miss thing leave I a nice tip ! Lynn look at the bill , nod she approval . gina ocontinue ) never get tip like that at jorge 's . lynn you hear from the cop ? gina yeah . they go ' round to jorge 's and he have a alibi that check out for the night I be rob . lynn I bet he do . gina right ? fuck he and he alibi and he jorge sauce . I be right where T want to be . 107 . Lynn look at she , surprised to hear she say this . gina ocontinue ) for real . look at everyone in here . I make a big difference for they , today . James step over , listen . gina ( continue ) this be where I want to be . give back right here . lynn amen ! gina with or without my product . jame hel ] with that . you the one that 's ‘special . ' he wink at she . gina laugh , turn to everyone : gina be I on the money to hire he , or what ? rita mm- hmm . how much he get pay to say that ? as everyone react , laugh , gina gaze around the shop with pride and we ~ CUT to : ext . jorge cristophe be - afternoon jorge , he long curl carefully arrange around he shoulder , be work on a client . he do not see gina as she march into the shop . she sneak up behind he . startles he . jorge gina ! what a... surprise ! gina Hair look good , jorge . you be use my stuff . I can tell - jorge I have be use my sauce - 108 . gina cut the shit . it know what you do . jorge really . they stare at each other for a beat . gina I would love to hear where it be you be when my shop be tear up . jorge if you must know , 1 be on a date with carla rodriguez . gina that latin model who come in here ? bull shit . that 's a little too much flavor for you - jorge ask she . gina how much you pay her ? more or less than the inspector - jorge become indignant . jorge I do not have to stand here while you abuse I - gina lean forward , menace , but keep she cool . gina abuse you ? you be around too many old white lady if you think this be abuse . just know , jorge , it 's gonna come around . [ I do not know how , but you fuck with the wrong girl . I may be knock down ... but I be not we ! gina turn , strut off . jorge continue with he work , but we can see that he 's be shake , rattle by gina 's confidence . CUT to : ext . jorge cristophe be — night jorge 's be close down for the night . we see he head away from he shop , down the street . before he can reach he mercede , three man step out from the shadow . they walk quickly , intercept jorge before he get to he car . 109 . as they step into the light , we see it 's James , Rick and malik ( he prison friend ) . they surround jorge . jorge hey ! now hold on ! you want . money ? here ! we suddenly hear a a distinct , mechanical whrrrr . jorge ocontinue ) wait ! what do think you be do - close on : a pair of hair clipper in James 's hand . dissolve to : int . gina's beauty shop - day darnelle be finish up color on a client , talk to gina , when aunt paulette come in with a armful of flower , start set they in vase . Ashley , Lynn and James be chat : no one 's in for they . gina ( to darnelle ) ... date with carla rodriguez ? bold - face lie . to my face . darnelle shake she head . angle on : lola , listen carefully . at that moment , the Inspector step in . he look around , make a couple of note , and then bee-line over to darnelle . gina follow he , piss . he start to write up a ticket when darnelle reach in she bag and pull out a frame certificate , hang it up by she station . darnelle ( casually ) forget to put that up . paulette stare at the brand new license . the Inspector start look around for something else , scribbling on he pad ... when gina step up to he , grab the pad and rip it in half . inspector hey ! you can not - — Lynn be al gina 's shoulder . gina you get on a nice suit for a Health Department employee - the inspector look nervous , start sweat , fumble he cell phone . gina ( continue ) go ahead . call you boss . report I , write I up . then be sure and tell you be friend jorge I say ' iley ' while you doin ' that - the Inspector , freak out , quickly turn away with a- inspector ( mumble ) -everything look fine . gina damn straight , it do ! lio . for gina give he a hard , know look as he leave . at that moment the song on the radio segues to Lisa L. , the du. radio {dj ) I get the 411 on the latest , fly spot to get all you shit donf . I be talk hair , nail ... i be talk hair ! I wish you all could sec the look , the work of art T get go on here ! gina stare at the radio , suddenly put two and lwo tlogether - radio ( continue ) it 's call " gina 's beauty shop . " that 's right . gina 's in the hood . and it be the spot ! gina it be her ! ashley no ! darnelle Lisa L be in here ?! gina that woman , I do yesterday - radio I be tell you . you want flavor , you want class ? place be outrageous ... gina start laugh , howling . radio ( continue ) auburn and 7th . get yourselves down there . James and gina hi-five , Lynn hug gina , everyone be shouting and yell as we - CUT to : ext . gina's beauty shop - day there be a line down the block to get in . we track along the wait crowd : there be trendy white girl , hip rock and roll type , the ghetto fabulous , the local flavor , etc ... Willie be out front , play he music for the. crowd . he have a hand -held digital camera and he tape girl as they come out , chat they up , ask they to pose for he with thei : new hair . willie .- tell you . it 's gonna be the next trl video of the week . soon as my shit hit the chart . and you , baby , be gonna be feature ! int . gina's beauty shop - continuous the radio be booming . every hairstylist have a line wait for they . quick , frantic cut of hand braid , scissors cut , hair be wash , rinse , color , braid ... radio ( dj ) ... talk reparation . how they gonna figure that shit out ? I be gonna tell you something ... I be all for it , pay we back for slavery - gina uh-oh . my girl Lisa L be about to get crazy with this - radio ( dd ) 1 went to Africa , okay ? thinkin ' they gonna embrace I , a2 big black woman , a shade past coffee . take a look at I , say , dang another white american ! everyone in the shop be laugh , reacting . 1.2. radio ( continue ; dj ) -- so how much African do we each have ? lookit that one congressman from New York , the High - yellow one talkin ' restitution . what 's he gonna get ? look like he get , oh , five dollar comin ' to he ! gina no ! she do not say that ! lynn oh yes , child , she do ! everyone be talk and laugh . gina look up to see Joan push she way into the shop . gina stare she . lola look at she . joanne gina . I just ...1 have to come . she look away , a little embarrassed , but play it oft with major attitude . she be not one to apologize . gina yeah . bverybody 's here . joanne so ? how long be I gonna have to wait ? gina look at she ... want to say something , but decide to jet it go . gina it will be a minute . sit down , joanne . I will get with you . joanne arrange herself , pose , aware of the hip crowd . at that moment , old Mrs. towner walk in , shuffles straigh the line of wait customer and sit down in front of Ashley . she pop she tooth out and set they in a glass . Ashley look at gina . gina nod , go ahead , do she . ashley ( shouting ) try something new , miz towner ? mrs . towner Hell no ! you do what you always do ! do not mess wit ' my style ! gina and Ashley exchange a smile . music segues to : 123. radio ( dd ) okay ... speak of the hawk ... you all know who we star forward is- denise jump up . DENISE ( proudly ) she 's talkin’ about my husband ! radio ~ I get dirt ! he be spot , after hour , not with he lovely wife , but with another lovely - gina ( under she breath ) oh shit - everyone freeze . denise be clutching she gucci bag , start to stagger on she prada heel . rochelle grab she elbow . radio ( dj ) ~ white girl , blond hair , big titty ... can you believe that ? I would never think he would go for that ... tell I she be frontin‘ ghetto hair - we close on : joanne , freeze , sink down into she chair . slowly , one by one , everyone in the shop have notice she ; head turn slowly as Lisa I continue : radio ( continue ; dj ) ..--. fat rock , Louis vuitton hat and purse - exactly what joanne have on . denise and rochelle be stare at she . radio ( continue ) .-- sad day for the atl - denise pick up the radio , tear it out of the wall , and charge at joanne , scream . rochelle be right with she joanne back up , look over at terri , whose get she nail do : a plea for help . terri shake she head , look away . gina jump in , grab the radio . James help she hold the two woman back . Ashley step to joanne . ashley my advice to you , player , be escape while you can . there 's a exit through the kitchen . Ashley , Lynn , darnelle and lola be crack up as joanne get on she hand and knee and sneak out through the kitchen . gina , meanwhile , have manage to get everyone calm down as she plug the radio back in . denise and rochelle be go off , talk shit , venting to a group of woman who have gather around they . terri have step over to put a comforting arm around denise . terri remember , now . you '' kick he to the curb . '' right ? be strong ! at that moment aunt paulette walk in . gina look up . gina hey auntie , I ' ]ll be with you in a minute . get a little drama here - but paulette walk past gina and go over to darnelle 's chair . darnelle look at she , surprised . gina stare , catch the moment . paulette ( quietly ) okay , daughter . let 's see what you can do . darnelle look she in the eye : it 's a real moment of reconciliation , of trust . darnelle swallow nervously , and start on she mother 's hair , as the music on the radio segues back to Lisa L. radio { dj ) ..- dontt forget , this weekend , we get the Atlanta flair show . you wanna see the best stylist , the best product , crazy hair ... get ticket - — angle on : gina , who catch Lynn 's eye . darnelle look up . Ashley stop what she 's do and look at gina . James look up , too ... everyone be smile , think the same thing : a unspoken decision be make . odlssolve to : int . gina's beauty shop - later close on : aunt paulette , admire she new hair . we pull back to reveal gina 's crew , each girl ( and James ) do each other 's hair , set up in a row like a conga-line . the shop be close . everyone be talk over everyone else , give each other feed - back and direction when Valerie walk in , she backpack from school over she shoulder . her mouth gape open in surprise . valerie mama ? what be go on ?! gina hey , baby ! we be go to a show . smash CUT : int . atlanta convention CENTER we pan across the room . booth be set up from all the high - end , upscale shop . lighting be individual , dramatic . Men and woman crowd around the booth , get they hair do , try new product . close on : jorge , he hair shorn prison style . he lord it over a large jorge cristophe display feature the special ] sauce . the inspector hover , check each booth . suddenly , head be turn , there 's a murmur in the crowd ... the large double door of the main ballroom swing open , revealing six strike figure , backlit , they hair tower creation . they walk forward in slo mo and into the light it 's gina , darnelle , Lynn , Ashley , lola and James . they stop , let the whole damn place take they in . the hair be outrageous , insane : it 's art . the crowd go wild , talk and point ... CUT to : int . convention CENTER - later there 's a crowd around the '' gina 's " '' booth . Willie be project a back - drop of cool , dissolve digital image of woman on the street , pose with they ' do 's hair outside of gina 's . rita be pass out food . there 's a line for gina , who 's set up a chair . Lynn and darnelle be work hair , while Ashley and James take down name for appointment . paulette and Valerie help make change . directly across the floor be jorge 's booth , significantly less crowded . angle on : Ashley , as she look up , spot someone , and wave . gina follow she gaze as a gorgeous , dark -skin beauty approach . 116 . Ashley take the beauty 's hand , excited ... and then plant a big kiss on she mouth . gina stare , surprised but not let on . ashley ( to gina} gina ? this be roxanne , my girlfriend . gina give she a big hug . roxanne I have hear so much about you ! you be one special lady . gina smile . gina {to roxanne ) well , Ashley here be family . ( to Ashley ) she 's gorgeous ! you have got to let I do she hair . roxanne nod , take a seat while Ashley hold she hand . they be still talk when Joe appear . sit down across from gina . she pretend not to notice . Joe be grin . ashley get to give he credit for perseverance . gina finally look up at Joe , with a smile . gina and what can I do for you ? joe I be think , maybe you could do I some braid . gina could do that - — joe and it ] i pay you with dinner and a movie . gina laugh . gina you can pay I with cash . and I will think about dinner and a movie - they look at each other , grin , all thing suddenly possible . liv . they be gaze be break by a sudden commotion at the front door : make they way through the crowd be the two detective , follow by three armed officer . they go directly to jorge 's booth . gina step out , slowly walk through the crowd : jorge be argue with one of the detective , who 's try to lead he out . by the time gina be stand at he booth , one of the officer have be force to cuff he . her crew ( along with a large crowd ) have gather behind she to witness jorge 's humiliation . gina ( continue ; shocked ) I can not believe it . det . # 1 ( to gina ) Ms. Morris ? you be right . we be book he on break and enter , vandalism and grand theft . gina how would you finally figure it out ? the detective motion back , to lola . det . # 1 she break he alibi . bring the " friend " in who confess . and then he print match . easy . gina stare at lola . lola ( quietly ) I know carla rodriguez from way back . just have to convince she it be worth it to tell the truth . gina give lola a grateful nod , then walk up to jorge . jorge I have get lawyer , I be go to sue you for defamation - gina give it up . you get what you have come . you the creative genius with the vision , remember ? how else d' you think this would have go ? jorge glare at she . gina ( continue ) tryin 's to run I out , steal what 's mine . you do I a favor , jorge . helped I figure out I do not need anything but what I get right here . she put a fist to she chest . jorge stare at she , unable to come back with anything . the police lead he out . one of the detective turn back to gina . det . # 1 nmotion to jorge 's booth ) he 's not gonna be work for a long time . you be free to take back anything that 's rightfully yours ... we be shutting he down . gina smile , notice Lynn , stop the other detective . lynn ( point to the inspector ) I would take a good look at he . fool 's be linin ' he pocket . gina be about to step in and translate , when - det . # 2 yeah , I would get a whiff o' the dung he 's be muckin ' in , all right . he 's get a country accent as strong and unintelligible as lynn' . gina laugh , can not believe it as det. # 2 head for the inspector . James , stare at lola , step up to she . jame ( to lola ) this be a good look for you - lola ( flirt ) really ? you think so ? jame I have be think so . he nod , take she hand and pull she away . Valerie come up to she mother , slip a arm around she waist , and point to James and lola : they be kissing now , lean against each other . 119 . valerie ( whisper ) look ! be they gonna have sex ? gina no ! no one have sex until they be marry . remember ? valerie I think he be gay . Lynn , darnelle and Ashley be crack up . darnelle guess not . gina pull Valerie close , a arm around she shoulder . she look down at she , fill with love and pride . gina time to go , baby . I get to drop a check off at you school . the girl can cover here . valerie . now ? right now ? everyone be look at gina , smile , proud : they know w! this mean for she . gina right now . nothin ' else I would rather do . off gina and Valerie , we - cur to : int . prison - day we follow a inmate in he ' blue ' as he round a corer and join a line of man wait outside of a cell . we pan 1 the line of rough look inmate , tattooe , pierce , scar . at the end of the line , we finally catch sight of jorge , stand over a chair , shave one head after another with a pair of rusty clipper . behind he , the Inspector sweep up the clipping ...