Halloween : h2o fade in : ext . STREET - night - suburbia langley , Illinois . a quiet suburb locate fifty mile outside of Chicago . super the legend : " langley , Illinois . October 28th 1998 " a house nestle in the middle of a tree-line street . a Honda Civic pull into a darken driveway , the headlight be extinguish ... pamela whittington , a middle - age woman in full register nurse attire , emerge from the park car . a unlit cigarette dangle loosely from she lip . she head to the porch , digging through she purse in search of a light ... crunch ! pamela stop in she track , look down at she foot to discover glass scattered across the porch . she look at the porch light hang above she head . a shatter light bulb occupy the socket . pamela turn she attention to the front door ... it 's slightly ajar . she push on it gently .... the door swing open freely , revealing the darken interior . pamela shit ... pamela drop she purse ... dart across some hedge into the neighbor 's yard ... ext . the house next door pamela run up to the porch , decorate with carve pumpkin ... pound furiously on the front door , decorate with a cardboard skeleton . no answer . she pound again ... harder . suddenly , the door swing open to reveal a ominous figure loom in the doorway . a hockey mask cloak he face . a pair of eye glare at pamela from behind the cut-out in the plastic vizard . pamela gasp , stumble backward . the figure flip up he mask to reveal jimmy howell a gangly teen , wear a hockey jersey ... skate sling over he shoulder . jimmy hey , mis whittington , what 's up ? pamela my blood pleasure . you scared the hell out of I . jimmy oh. sorry . I be on my way to the ring and -- pamela ( interrupt ) I think someone break into my house . jimmy no shit ?! pamela no shit . CUT to : int . live room - minute later pamela sit on the couch take hit off a light cigarette . Jimmy pace the room , portable phone press against he ear . jimmy ( into phone ) 3037 keystone .. yeah ... gotcha . Jimmy hang up the portable ... jimmy ( continue ) Said to give them fifteen minute . they will send someone by . Jimmy grab he hockey stick , head for the door . pamela Jimmy , what be you do ? jimmy check out you place . pamela no . wait for the police . jimmy and miss the big game ? no way . CUT to : ext . house - minute later pamela stand at the foot of she driveway ... watch as Jimmy climb the step to she porch , hockey stick perch high on he shoulder . jimmy move toward the front door , step on piece of shattered light bulb beneath he . he swing open the front door with the tip of he stick ... look inside the darken house . he enter cautiously , stick at the ready . pamela light up another cigarette , watch nervously as Jimmy disappear from view ... int . house Jimmy enter the dimme foyer . jimmy ( call off ) hey , man , do not mess with I ! I will knock you head clean off you body ! he move stealthily through the house , hockey stick poise high in the air ... room - by-room he check for intruder ... Jimmy find he way to the rear of the home , cross to a back bedroom , stand in the doorway ... jimmy ( continue ) oh , shit ... on the bedroom convert to a home office ... ransacke ... file cabinet overturn , picture hang crooked on the wall , papers carpet the floor ... jimmy drop the stick to he side , convinced he be now alone in the house . he cross back into the kitchen ... steal a cookie from a cookie jar ... open the fridge ... take a swig from a open milk carton ... completely unaware that -- the bedroom closet door be open slowly behind he , then suddenly -- crash ! a ironing board topple out from inside , slam against he back , hard . jimmy snap the hockey stick into position ... spin around ... swing wildly with the wooden baton . he make contact with ... a pot rack suspend above the island ... pot dangle from they hook come clanging down on top of he ... the dust settles ... Jimmy realize he 's be beat the stuff out of a irone board . he sheepishly exit the kitchen ... ext . house - minute later pamela stand at the foot of the driveway , try to see in to the darken house ... pamela come on , damn it ... Jimmy emerge from the house ... look like Wayne gretsky after slamm in he record goal . he smile at pamela smugly ... jimmy nothing to fear . the coast be clear . pamela you sure ? jimmy totally . I check all the room and closet ... pamela nothing 's miss ? jimmy do not think so . but they sure do a real number on you office . crap everywhere . pamela my office ? jimmy yeah . oh , and they mess up you kitchen pretty good , too ... goodnight . Jimmy scurries off , avoid any more question . pamela head back to the house . int . house pamela enter the house , lock and bolt the front door behind she . she breathes a heavy sigh of relief , back against the door ... she flick on a light switch ... nothing . pamela Christ , Jimmy ... do not you try the goddamn light ?! pamela move down the hallway to the laundry room ... she open the door to the fuse BOX ... toggle some fuse on and off ... try the laundry room light ... still nothing , darkness . pamela ( continue ) shit . she grab a flashlight out of the nearby cupboard , and proceed down the hall to -- int . office the convert bedroom in complete disarray ... pamela navigate through the wreckage , carve a path with the beam of she flashlight . she approach -- a desk completely bare except for a single file folder rest on its top . pamela shine the beam on the lone file folder . on the folder ... the index tab read " keri tate . " pamela open the folder , it 's empty . pamela gasp , the blood rush from she face . she immediately rush for the phone . clank ! a noise be hear . she 's not alone in this house . she move through the hallway to discover the front door wide open . shit . she bolt . ext . house pamela run out the door and back to Jimmy 's house . she open the front door , disappear inside . int . house pamela shut the door behind she ... crane she neck , search for any sign of Jimmy -- she hear the sound of a television emanate from deep within the house . pamela ( call off ) Jimmy ! you still there ?! camera follows pamela as she make she way from one darken room to the next ... she cross into the de to discover jimmy seat in a easy - chair , watch a episode of " seinfeld . " he back to pamela ... only he leg be visible from she point-of-view . pamela approach he -- pamela goddamnit , Jimmy ! someone 's still in my house ! pamela spin the easy - chair around to reveal -- a hockey skate embed deep into Jimmy 's face ... the blade slice through flesh , from forehead to chin ... eye wide open in terror ... blood cascade down he jersey ... pamela scream ... bolt through the house , reach the front door to find -- a china cabinet push in front of it , block she way ! she try fiercely to move the wooden hutch , but can not ... pamela run back through the house , frantic ... in desperate search of a exit . she cross into the kitchen , spot she escape ... move to the rear door , open it to reveal ... the shape stand , poise , evil eye burn through slit in he trademark mask . pamela shriek ... grab a knife out of a nearby butcher block ... head back to the live room . the shape move after she , the hunt be on ... int . live room flashing red and blue light illuminate the room ... pamela run to a window ... angle through window a squad car arrive in front of pamela 's house . two uniformed cop emerge from the vehicle , head up she driveway . pamela struggle to open the window ... she can not manage to disengage the lock ... she pound feverishly on the glass -- pamela ( yell ) help ! goddamnit it ! over here ! GOD please ! the shape appear behind she ... grab a iron poker from a group of fireplace utensil . pamela spin around , swing at the shape with the knife ... pamela stay the fuck away from I ! the shape swing the iron poker ... deliver a severe blow to pamela 's arm ... break it ... the knife fall to the floor below . pamela howl in pain ... drop to she knee , nurse she arm ... the shape raise the poker high into the air , come down hard ... drive the tip of the poker through she skull ... crack ! ext . pamela' front porch - same time in the f.g. two cop climb the porch step and move into the house . in the b.g. we can see the shape through the neighbor window as he repeatedly stab pamela with the poker . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - establishing - morning close on a plaque " hillcrest academy . established 1874 " the camera pull back to reveal a co -ed board school ... set behind massive wrought- iron gate on acreage in a secluded region of Wisconsin . super the legend : " ferndale , Wisconsin . October 29th 1998 . " the academy 's gothic architecture and rich history can be see throughout the entire campus , consist of a cluster of building : the school , the dorm , a gymnasium with indoor swim pool , a bell tower , a guard house and -- a group of faculty house litter the far end of the campus . close on a kitchen window . Inside keri tate , mid-thirty , stand behind a sink wash dish . on closer inspection , we see that this face be none other that laurie strode . int . kitchen - morning keri stand with she back to JOHN , 16 , chisele good look . he stand behind she in the doorway ... they be in mid - conversation -- keri nothing 's change since yesterday , or last week , or last month ... the answer 's still " no . " JOHN you be so predictable . keri grab the sprayer , squirt John from across the room . JOHN ( continue ) what the -- keri betcha ' do not predict that . keri throw John a dishtowel ... he dab at he shirt . JOHN I be sixteen , keri . I should be able to live wherever I want . keri and I should have a son who call I " Mom " . look like we be both shit out of luck . JOHN okay , you win . I will call you Mom . now can I move into the dorm ? keri no . keri hand John a stack of clean dish . John do not budge ... JOHN well , dad think it 's okay . keri you be father think it 's okay to run off to Cancun with a blonde bimbo in a halter top . somehow he opinion do not count . JOHN I promise not to run off to Cancun . keri forget it . JOHN ( point out the kitchen window ) the dorm be only fifty foot away . you could practically see into my window . so , what difference do it make ? keri my point exactly . see , we both agree . keri take the dish back from John , put they away in a overhead cupboard . JOHN alright , I be wrong . there be a big difference between rooming with you buddy and live with you mother and school headmaster . keri I take the padlock off you door . what more do you want ? JOHN my life be a live hell . keri raise a eyebrow ... keri it 's not , trust I . John give up , head out of the room ... keri ( continue ) where be you go ? JOHN to the bathroom . can I do that alone or do you want to watch ? keri I think you would never ask . keri put she arm around John , escort he out of the kitchen ... JOHN you be twisted . keri I know . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - day keri move across campus toward the school , a leather briefcase sling over one shoulder . pass student ad-lib " hellos , " they admiration for keri make evident by they favorable rapport with she . keri pass in front of -- a row of school buse park alongside the school . a older bus on the far end sit empty , hood up . wally beckette , a rather portly man in he early sixty , and the school custodian , fiddle with the expose engine . keri wally , you have be under that hood for month . why do not we just call a mechanic ? wally stop what he be do ... come out from beneath the hood ... wipe he hand on he pants . wally miss tate , I service b-1 bomber in w-w - 2 . this here be child 's play . keri so you be say I should call a child to come give you a hand ? wally chuckle softly , charme by keri like the rest of the staff . wally I be say she will be purring like a kitten before you know it . keri there 's you problem , walter . you do not want it to purr , you want it to start . wally and she will , miss tate . she will . keri continue toward the school . wally watch with admiration as she head into the building ... wally ( continue ) mmmm-mmm . if they have teacher like you when I be a boy , I would be a rocket scientist . wally go back to tinkering with the engine ... on hattie smith , mid-sixty , dress in a guard uniform ... approach keri , look very official ... hold a key in she hand . keri good morning , hattie . hattie go into town . have that duplicate key make . hattie hand keri the key . keri thank you . hattie extend a open hand . hattie thank I with two buck . keri oh ... right . keri dig through she pocket , produce a handful of change ... give it to hattie . hattie ( drip sarcasm ) just what I want ... more change . hattie head back toward the guard house , turn back to keri -- hattie ( continue ) and next time you lose a gate key , young lady , you will be climb you way out of here . keri hold the key to she chest . keri I will be more careful next time . hattie dismiss keri with a wave of she hand , continue across campus to the guard house . keri smile , place the key in she pocket and disappear inside the school ... CUT to : ext . jimmy house - afternoon pour rain . in stark contrast to the sunny campus of hillcrest ... emergency vehicle litter the landscape , light flashing . officer wrap yellow crime scene tape around the perimeter , keep curious neighbor at bay ... richard carter a middle - age police detective , eye bloodshot from too little sleep and one too many hour in front of a computer screen , emerge from a dark sedan ... a light cigarette dangle loosely from he lip . Carter approach a young officer stand outside the front door -- carter ( flash he badge ) detective Richard Carter , haddonfield p.d. detective blake call my office ... the Officer motion to the door -- officer go on in . she 's be wait for you . Carter head towards the door , the Officer grab he arm ... officer ( continue ) you might need this ... the Officer offer he a small jar of petroleum jelly . Carter wave it away . officer ( continue ) some serious shit in there , detective . Carter reconsider , smear the vaseline under each nostril ... head for the house . int . jimmy house Carter cross through the front door , watch as a team of latex - glove forensic specialist dust door and window for fingerprint , swab at blood drop , and collect carpet fiber for later analysis ... Carter cross into the live room , wince at pamela whittington sprawle across the floor in front of blood - soak curtain ... the wrought-iron poker jamme up she nose , exit through the top of she skull ... a kitchen knife lie beside she ... Carter take another hit off the cigarette , blow smoke into the room ... voice ( o.s. ) double homicide . Carter turn to see toni blake stand behind he ... mid-twenty , attractive yet approachable ... blake her name 's pamela whittington , next door neighbor to victim number two ... James howell . Carter motion in the direction of the de where a crime scene photographer take snapshot of the teenage corpse . carter let I guess ... he 's the guy with the hockey skate for a nose ring . blake cross to Carter , extend a dixie cup in he direction -- carter no thanks , I be not thirsty . blake it 's for you cigarette . I prefer not to contaminate my crime scene with micropollutant . Carter take a final puff off the cigarette , drop it into the cup ... carter why be I here ? blake they say on the phone you be assign to the meyer case . carter with all due respect , detective , you can not go blame every brutal murder in Illinois on Michael meyer . blake pamela whittington be a long time associate of Dr. loomis . her home office be ransacke . it be chock full of loomis ' file on meyer . it would say that make meyer a suspect , would not you ? carter well , when you put it that way . blake right . so why do not we get on with this investigation ? carter I like a woman who take control . blake ignore the comment , cross to the front door ... Carter follow . during the follow dialogue , blake walk Carter through the crime scene reenact the prior evening 's brutal event ... blake pamela enter the house and walk into the de where she discover James howell 's body ... Carter and blake stand in front of the mutilate face of the teenage boy ... blake ( continue ) shaken , she return to the front door to find the hutch block she exit ... on gouge across the wood plank , form track from the dining room to the front door ... blake ( continue ) she run to the kitchen , where she be ambush at the back door by the killer . Carter and blake stand in front of the door , which be still open . Carter kneel down , look at the kitchen floor ... carter one set of muddy shoe print . blake that do not match either of the victim 's . Carter stand up , move to a butcher block on the counter ... he 's start to enjoy this dance -- carter she grab a knife from the butcher block . on the butcher block , a empty slot where the knife once reside ... blake head to the live room ... they cross back into the live room ... Carter move to the window cover in fingerprint powder , expose a plethora of print . carter where , judge by the look of the finger and palm print , she struggle to open the window before bang on it like hell . blake unable to escape , she turn and attack the killer , but do not connect . carter no blood on the knife . on the knife , clean as a whistle ... carter ( continue ) the killer knock the knife out of she hand with the wrought- iron poker . blake Broken blood vessel on she right forearm . on pamela 's arm , a bruise form under the skin ... carter as which point she drop to she knee in pain ... blake explain the low height of the blood splatter on the curtain ... on the curtain , blood stain four foot and below ... carter impressive , blake . where would you learn how to do that ? blake girl scout . Carter chuckle ... she have a sense of humor , too ... CUT to : int . school - hallway - afternoon a bell ring . the hallway be flood with student , book in tow ... on molly cartwright a young seventeen , friendly eye and a face to match . walk beside she be ... linda kang , same age , unconcern , full of spunk ... multiple body piercing , do not quite fit in here or anywhere ... linda you ace it , do not you ? molly I do alright . Linda grab Molly 's test , peek out from she biology book ... linda fuckin ' A. molly he give I a fuckin ' a? wow . Linda punch Molly playfully in the arm . they stop at neighbor locker , retrieve book from inside ... amy kramer approach , book press against a ample chest , smack on a wad of gum ... eye-catch good look , a real stunner ... a bit short on the gray matter though -- amy this locker be totally girl unfriendly . molly break another nail ? amy pointer finger . and the dance be in two day ... linda life 's a bitch . the girl head down the hall ... amy Eddie 's work late at Freeman 's tonight ... all alone . molly I think Eddie leave for n.y.u .? amy guess he could not tear himself away from I . linda guess he could not pass admission . amy shut up , pinhead . John approach they from behind , drape he arm around Molly ... JOHN there you be . ( to Amy ) you tell them about tonight ? amy I just get here . John remove a key from he jacket pocket , drop it in Molly 's hand ... molly what 's this ? linda you say , " the key to my heart , " and I be gonna hurl . JOHN shelve the barf bag . it 's the key to the main gate . molly where would you get it ? JOHN swipe it from my mom 's desk yesterday . molly you steal it ? JOHN I borrow it . amy Party at Freeman 's tonight . linda I be in need of some serious party . molly not I . JOHN why not ? molly I can not afford to get catch . linda Molly , you be the resident assistant . what be you gonna do , narc on yourself ? the bell ring . student clear the hall , move inside they classroom . John kiss Molly on the lip ... JOHN just meet I in front of the gate after light out . he take off down the hall -- molly ( call after he ) wait ... John ... he 's go . a teacher guide the girl inside a classroom and shut the door ... CUT to : int . gymnasium - afternoon a bevy of student scurry about the gym make final preparation for the impending Halloween festival : hang decoration on wall , carve pumpkin , spin cob web along refreshment table ... on will brennen , a well - favore chemistry teacher in he mid - forty , thinning hair , more salt than pepper ... supervise the action ... a coffee mug in hand ... he attention focus on ... keri sit atop the bleacher . will climb the bench , sit beside she ... will what a sight for sore eye ... he kiss she softly on the lip . will ( continue ) ... and ear ... he kiss she again . will ( continue ) ... and lip ... he engage she in a linger kiss . a group of student point and giggle at the smooching faculty member . keri notice , pull away ... keri will ... she motion toward the student below . will what ? they have all take sex ed . he lean in for another kiss , she playfully keep he at arm length ... keri and this be not the place for a live demonstration . will relent , settles for hold keri 's hand ... will be not they do a terrific job this year ? keri ( distract ) look great . it do . will you okay ? you seem a little off . keri nothing a good stiff drink can not fix . will do not find the humor , eye she uneasily . keri ( continue ) that one always go over big at the aa meeting . a awkward beat , then ... will it 's John , be not it ? keri it 's always John . will still want to move out ? keri he 's be live out of move box for three month . will this kid just want he freedom . keri it 's not go to happen . will the tighter you squeeze , the harder he will try to break free . keri oh , please ... you get that out of a fortune cookie ? will do not make it bad advice . keri manage a smile ... will ( continue ) God I love that smile . keri stand . will follow suit . keri I be go into town ... run a few errand before dark . need anything ? will a box of fortune cookie ... I be run out of advice . keri bye will . keri head down the bleacher . will watch she leave , completely enamor ... CUT to : int . nielsen's market - late afternoon a family - own grocery mart in the heart of ferndale . a half - dozen customer mingle through the aisle . on keri , stand in front of a cashier as he ring up a dozen item ... keri glance at the wall of tabloid in front of she , one of they catch she eye -- close on : the globe a headline read : " serial killer michael meyer really alien from outer space . " beneath the headline be a mock photo of the shape , hold the infamous mask in he hand , revealing a alien head underneath .... keri can not help but smirk at the absurdity of it all . the cashier hand keri she change ... cashier happy Halloween . keri manage a polite smile , and exit ... CUT to : ext . nielsen's market - minute later keri move down the tree-line street , grocery tuck securely under she arm . she pause at a storefront window . " kessler jeweler . EST . 1963 " emblazon across the glass . angle on window a assortment of wedding ring glimmer behind the glass . keri hold she leave hand up to the window , move it slowly from ring to ring ... then she see -- the shape in the reflection ... stand across the street , stare right through she ... taunting she . this be no alien ... keri be heart stop ... she stand freeze , totally immobile . a truck pass between they . keri take this opportunity to spin around . the truck pass -- the shape have vanished . keri I hate this fuck holiday ... keri climb into the driver 's seat of she Ford explorer , toss the bag of grocery on the passenger seat ... she start the engine ... " mr. sandman " blare over the radio ... scare the shit out of she . keri quickly change station ... head back to the school . CUT to : int . carter' apartment - night sparsely decorate . scatter chinese food container litter the counter . on a glass dining room table , a table dozen cardboard box , " DR. loomis " in black sharpie scrawle across they side . the camera pan across the table where ... carter sit , eye glaze over ... shuffle through a stack of photograph . on the photograph of a young Michael meyer play with a fire truck in the de ... run through sprinkler in the backyard ... riding horse at the county fair ... no sign of the evil lurking inside . carter set the photograph aside , dig through a file box ... pull out a film canister mark " meyer ' home movie . " on a projector carter thread the Super 8 film through it , turn it on ... image of a young Michael meyer be project on a bare wall in the darken room . carter settles into the recliner , fight to stay awake ... the shape appear in front of the wall . the home movie project on he pale mask . he move slowly toward the sleep carter , a knife in he grip . the shape raise the knife to carter 's throat , slice it from ear to ear . carter grab he throat , blood gush through he finger . then ... the telephone ring . carter wake up . gasp for air ... he feel for he throat ... no blood , all be well . the Super 8 film slap against the projector , the reel now over ... carter catch he breath ... survey the room ... he be alone . he pick up the phone -- carter ( into phone ) Carter . blake it 's blake . meet I at Grand View . carter where ? blake the cemetery ... carter yeah , alright ... I will be there in ten . Carter hang up the phone , massage he throat ... CUT to : int . freeman' drugstore - night close on the pale white halloween mask camera pull back to reveal a mannequin sport the mask and dark overall make notorious by Michael meyer ... its arm pose high in the air , wield a meat cleaver . gather around the mannequin be the gang : Linda be in the arm of she boyfriend , shane mccloud ... a tall and spindly teen , book smart and street dumb ... John riffle through a rack of Halloween costume . Molly lean against a nearby counter ... she check she watch , visibly uncomfortable be here at all . eddie catero , two year out of high school and still wear he letterman jacket , ' nuff say . he stand proudly by he display , nursing a beer ... he arm drape around Amy , who 's painting she nail with a nail polish pluck from a nearby display ... eddie ( be : the display ) pretty wick , huh ? linda I think it 's twisted . eddie this come from the girl with a stake through she tongue . linda you be glorify the big creep . shane besides , it 's historically inaccurate . eddie what the fuck be you talk about ? shane Michael meyer never use a meat cleaver . it be a butcher knife . eddie who be you , the serial killer police ? what difference do it make ? shane it 's not historically accurate , that 's all . amy he could be hold a swizzle stick , it still give I the willy . JOHN do not worry ... I hear he only kill virgin . shane another historical inaccuracy . eddie would somebody shut this guy up ? molly come on , we better get back before Mrs. Sullivan make she round . Linda look at she watch . linda oh , shit . Molly 's right . it 's eleven -thirty . the gang head for the front door ... amy you guy go on . Eddie 's gonna take I back after he close up . bell hang from the door jingle as they exit ... John turn to they as he leave -- JOHN condom be on aisle four ... eddie out . Eddie push John out the door , shut it behind he ... ext . freeman' drugstore the group move down the desert street , head for hillcrest . John 's arm around Molly . Shane 's around Linda ... CUT to : int . freeman' drugstore on a " close " sign be hang on the front door . camera pull back to reveal Amy , hold up she newly polished nail to Eddie ... amy how do you like the color ? it 's call " bloodsh Red . " eddie yeah , yeah ... look good ... Eddie grab Amy by the waist , pull she in ... kiss she passionately . eddie ( continue ) let 's go in back and check out the " inventory . " amy mmmmm , sound good . Eddie and Amy head to the -- int . back room Eddie and Amy get hot and heavy amongst a room full of cardboard box , Halloween costume , and mask ... as Eddie prepare to do the one-hand bra release ... jingle -jingle . the bell hang on the front door chime . eddie shit . can not people read ? do not move . I will be right back . Eddie exit , leave behind a half - naked Amy . int . freeman' drugstore Eddie move toward the front of the store , head down the center aisle . he hear the shuffling of feet in the aisle next to he ... eddie ( call off ) hey , we be close ! Eddie round the corner , run smack into -- the shape . eddie ( continue ) shit ! it 's only the mannequin , which be not where Eddie leave it ... arm poise high in the air , knife miss . Eddie turn around to see -- the shape stand right behind he , wield the meat cleaver . Eddie 's see double ... eddie what the hell ... the shape attack , slice through he skull with the meat cleaver ... int . back room - same time as Amy sift through a box of scary mask , she hear ... a scuffle outside the door ... she throw on she blouse , peek outside . amy Eddie ? a rustling SOUND . amy ( continue ) damnit , Eddie ! stop fool around . still nothing ... Amy cautiously move into the store , look for she miss partner ... she pass the michael meyer mannequin amy if you think you be gettin ' any after this , you be dead wrong . she stumble , look down to reveal ... eddie sprawle on the floor , the meat cleaver bury in the middle of he forehead ... eye wide open in terror ! Amy scream ... can barely stand ... she stumble to the front of the door ... it 's lock ! the Michael meyer mannequin behind she come to life , begin to move toward she ... Amy beat frantically on the glass door , struggle to free the lock ... she turn to see ... the shape close in behind she ... she scream . the shape attack , grab Amy by the back of the neck ... push she face through the glass door , cut it to bit ... he lift Amy high into the air , she struggle to free herself ... the shape impale she body on a large shard of glass . on Amy 's foot ... dangle a foot off the ground ... then ... her body go completely limp ... lifeless . on Amy 's hand ... blood cascade down she finger , match the shade of she nail polish ... the shape look at she breathless body quizzically ... CUT to : ext . grand view cemetery - night a well manicure graveyard ... lush green lawn , thriving oak tree , and patch of bloom flower ... fred william , a elderly caretaker , lead Carter and blake through the darken cemetery ... a flashlight illuminate they path . carter you take all you date here . blake ? blake only the real stiff . carter I can be real stiff . blake charm . fred hey ! watch my geranium . Carter look down at he foot , find himself stand in the middle of a group of flower ... he quickly hop back onto the grass ... fred ( continue ) beautiful , be not they ? rotting corpse make the best fertilizer , ya ' know . especially that irish folk . they push up the daise like a son-of - a-bitch ... carter I will remember that . fred Hell , I can tell you where every Mick be bury by the ground cover grow above them . Fred shine he flashlight on a distant grave . fred ( continue ) irish ... ( shine the beam on another grave ) ... irish ... they stop in front of a gravesite ... tombstone miss ... patchy grass cover the grave . fred ( continue ) never could get anything to grow cover this one ... blake and you be sure this be Laurie strode 's grave ? fred sure as I be stand here . Fred shine the beam of the flashlight on a adjacent headstone ... fred ( continue ) buried she daughter right next to she not too long ago . you do not suppose that meyer fella take the tombstone ? carter probably just a couple of kid play a Halloween prank . blake tee-peeing a house , yes . a bag of burn shit on a porch , maybe . digging up tombstone ? I do not think so . Carter shrug he shoulder , take a drag off he cigarette . carter I be go to bed . Carter head back to he car . blake run after he ... blake that 's it ? carter Care to join I ? blake come on , Carter . you know it 's Michael . carter what do you want I to do , put out a a.p.b. on a man in overall wear a white mask drag a headstone ? blake yes . carter sweet dream , blake . Carter climb into he car , head for home ... CUT to : int . bedroom - night keri toss and turn in she bed , unable to exorcise the demon from she mind ... eye wide open , watch the moonlight cast the shadow of dance leave on the ceiling above she ... then , the shadow of something altogether unnatural appear above she ... the shadow of a man hair tatter and tousle by the wind . on keri lie freeze in fear , eye unblink . the silhouette grow larger , nearly engulf the entire ceiling ... then suddenly disappear from view ... the dance leave return . clank ! a noise from outside she window . footstep quickly make they way around the house ... keri jump out of she skin , hold she breath ... a jiggling SOUND emanate from the live room , as if someone 's try to get in through the front door ... keri jump out of she bed , slide a metal box out from under the bed ... pull a smith and wesson from inside ... head for -- int . live room keri move silently through the hallway into the live room , gun at the ready ... hand tremble ... eye lock on the front door as -- the doorknob slowly twist and turn ... the shadow of a man behind the curtain of the window flanking the side of the door . keri raise the gun ... use both hand to steady she aim ... she breathe become more shallow with each pass second ... the door swing open revealing ... JOHN house key in hand ... bust . keri lower the gun , fight back in tear ... John close the door ... if he 's surprised that he mother 's point a gun in he face , he do not show it ... keri shit , John ! what the hell be you do out there ?! JOHN nothing . keri you be kid with that answer , right ? JOHN I just go for a walk . it 's no big deal . keri wrong . there be rule in this house and you be go to follow they whether you like it or not . JOHN or what ? you be gonna shoot I ? keri it 's a option . JOHN well , maybe if you would let I live in the dorm , I would not have to sneak out to spend time with my friend . keri oh , so now it 's my fault ? JOHN just forget it ... John storm down the hall , disappear into he bedroom ... slam the door behind he . CUT to : int . bedroom - minute later keri enter the room , pass by the window ... glance out into the night and see -- the shape stand between sheet that blow in the clothesline . keri close she eye , take a deep breath ... open they ... now both the shape and the sheet blow in the clothesline have vanished . CUT to : int . classroom - morning keri substitute for the absentee English lit teacher . Mr. elliot . a student have just finish she oral report and head back to she seat . keri stand , cross to the chalkboard -- keri I be sure Mr. elliot will go over this when he return on Monday , but Julie hit on a very important aspect of Virgil 's " the aeniad . " she scrawl the word " fate " across its surface ... keri ( continue ) f-a-t-e. fate . the Roman believe in the three goddess of fate , call " the fate . " nona , decuma , and morta . this goddess determine you fate . they be to blame when thing go wrong , and be to be praise when -- keri pass in front of the classroom , glance out the window and see -- the shape stand behind the gate of the academy , wait patiently for he chance ... eye burn a hold right through she . the student wait for keri to complete she think ... mumble softly amongst themselves ... keri close she eye for a moment , take a deep breath ... look outside again ... the shape be still there ! the bell ring . the student make a mad dash for the hall . keri move swiftly through the throng of student , push bewilder pupil aside as she make she way to the school entrance ... CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - day keri emerge from the building , move across the campus toward the iron gate ... run smack into -- will throw he arm around she waist ... will whoa ... what 's the hurry ? I be not go anywhere ... keri do not respond , be too busy look over will 's shoulder -- keri's Pov of the gate ... the shape have once again disappear . keri eye the perimeter of the campus , search for she long lose brother . will ( continue ) hey , you alright ? keri ( distract ) what ? will what be you look at ? keri I be fine . I just need to lie down ... keri break free from will 's grip , head toward the faculty housing , determine . will watch she leave , face lace with concern ... CUT to : int . house - kitchen - minute later keri climb atop a foot stool , retrieve a bottle of vodka conceal behind bag of flour on the top shelf of the pantry ... she spin off the top ... bring the lip of the bottle to she mouth , hand tremble ... she stop short of take the drink , bring the bottle down from she lip ... keri climb off the foot stool , cross to the kitchen sink and pour the vodka down the drain ... CUT to : int . langley police department - blake' office - day blake sit behind she desk leaf through the double homicide case file , look for some stone that 's be leave unturned ... she remove a file folder from a evidence bag , " keri tate " in type across the index tape ... blake open it ... still empty . on the file folder . the light from she desk lamp fall across the open folder , reveal a series of indentation in the leave hand corner of the manilla paper ... blake struggle to make out the ghost write ... grab a pencil , move the side of the lead swiftly across the folder ... " 6089244325 " the number pop out against the shade background ... blake jot the number down on a nearby pad . on the pad blake try format the number into a Social Security number : " 608-92-44325 " too many number . she scratch it out ... she try again ... put parenthesis around the first three number and a dash after the sixth number : " ( 608 ) 924 - 4325 " -- bingo . a telephone number ... blake pick up the telephone , dial the number ... secretary ( o.s. ) hillcrest Academy , may I help you ? CUT to : close on : newspaper clipping from the " haddonfield leader " pin to a large bulletin board , tale of the Michael meyer ' slaying splatter across the headline . a telephone ring in the b.g. camera pan across the board , find ... crime scene photo of meyer ' slain victim ... bloody , graphic image assault the eye . camera pull back to reveal we be in -- int . carter' office - haddonfield police department - day Carter sit beneath a desk ... search for the phone , find it bury beneath a sea of report -- carter ( into phone ) Carter . blake it 's blake . how do you feel about Wisconsin ? on Carter 's puzzle expression ... CUT to : ext . freeman' drugstore - afternoon a yellow school bus park across the street , fill to capacity with student . on John watch from outside the school bus as a officer string yellow crime scene tape across the front of the drugstore . molly stand next to John , arm around he waist ... watch curiously ... linda lean against the side of the bus next to Shane ... linda look , they be stare right at we . shane ( to John ) you think you mom know we snuck out last night ? JOHN Nah , I do not tell she where I go . molly be that all you guy can think about ? Amy never come back last night . maybe she 's in trouble . linda better she than I . molly you be unbelievable . shane Linda 's right . I have Yale to think about . Amy 's go to the barbizon School of beauty -- if they let she retake she board ... on bruce clark , a young deputy duck under the yellow tape , approach ... keri stand in front of a squad car , craning she neck to get a look at the proceedings ... keri Bruce ... what 's go on ? the kid be here to pick out they costume for the festival . deputy clark better take them to Virgil 's downtown . we get a dead body in there . keri 's heart skip a beat , she try to digest the news ... keri a dead body ? deputy clark it 's Amy Kramer . keri my god ... deputy clark pretty messy . Parents have already be notify . we office have be try to get a hold of you ... keri fear the worse , try to hold herself together ... keri do you know who do this ? deputy clark well , Eddie catero do not show up for work this morning ... parent say he never come home last night . car 's still miss . keri ( wishful ) think Eddie have something to do with it ? deputy clark do not look good . deputy Clark turn in the direction of the bus ... deputy clark ( continue ) you best keep that student lock behind that gate of yours ... get ourselves a cold - blooded killer on the loose . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - establishing night . wind assault the tree . light illuminate a dozen dorm window . ext . gate - same time a compact car pull up behind the gate , high beam illuminate the ... guard house there be a entrance on either side of the guard house ... inside sit hattie . she cup she hand over she eye , protect they from the glare of the auto 's headlight . she check -- a monitor embed in the console in front of she ... black and white image of the car idling outside the gate illuminate the screen . on hattie , unable to make out the identity of the driver . she step out of the guard house ... ext . gate through the gate , she see a figure slump behind the wheel ... hattie ( call off ) who 's there ? no response . hattie ( continue ) please identify yourself , young man . still nothing . hattie do not know what to do . she open the gate with she gate key and walk through ... she approach the car . the tree rustle nearby . she take a look , spook herself . it be , after all , Halloween . she cross to the driver 's side window ... look inside to find the body of -- eddie catero the costume shop victim , slouched behind the wheel ... face a bloody mess . hattie my Lord ... hattie stumble backward ... she 's do not see the shape pass through the open gate behind she . she cross back to the -- int . guard house hattie quickly press a button on the console in front of she , automatically close the wringht iron gate outside ... the shape stand at the entrance to the leave of guard house . hattie 's back to he . she pick up the phone ... no dial tone . she jiggle the receiver ... come up short . clink . a noise from outside . hattie spin around , face the leave entrance ... no one in sight . hattie ( softly ) hello ? no answer . hattie cross to the leave entrance , shut the door ... throw the bolt . the shape appear behind hattie ... now stand at the entrance to the right of the guard house . clink . another noise , source unknown ... hattie spin around , face the right entrance ... the shape have vanish . hattie cross to the right entrance , shut the door ... lock it . now secure safely inside the guard house , hattie cross to a cb Radio ... she turn it on ... dial the emergency channel ... be distract by -- the car outside the gate ... its headlight suddenly extinguish . on hattie , squint through through window in the car 's direction ... the shape emerge from the shadow behind she ... wrap the cb cord around she neck ... hattie struggle to free herself ... she face press up against the glass ... the shape brandish a knife ... stab she repeatedly in the back ... end the struggle . CUT to : int . bell tower - continuous wally , the custodian , climb the four flight of stair to the massive bell partially enclose at its top ... he tug on the rope dangle from the bell ... the bell ring . its sound resonate across the campus . on the dorm . the window , once light , be now extinguish , leave the dorm shroud in total darkness ... light out . int . dorm - molly room the sound of the ringing bell echoe softly through the room ... Molly lie in she bed , unable to sleep , eye to the ceiling ... she pajama clad body partially cover by a sheet . on " lurch , " the school dog lie beside Molly 's bed , also asleep . Molly hear the rustling of bush outside she window ... she turn in its direction to see -- the bushes move forcefully , they branch scratch wildly against glass ... molly sit up in bed , she eye glue to the window ... she slowly get out of bed , move toward it ... lean against the windowpane . angle through the window of the campus , bath in moonlight ... wind howl through the tree ... leave scurry across the grounds . bang ! bang ! a hand rap on she window . Molly jump out of she skin . on JOHN stand outside she window , motion she to open it . she do , stick she head out ... molly ( whisper ) what be you do here ?! JOHN ( whisper ) I come to see you . molly I can see that . ( a beat ) why ? JOHN can I come in ? molly be you crazy ? you will get catch . JOHN then you come out here . molly then I will get catch . JOHN ( louder ) well , I be not go until I talk to you . molly alright . I will come out . just be quiet . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - five minute later Molly and John meander through the wood acreage along the perimeter of the campus , hand - in-hand ... the school building completely obfuscate by the surround foliage . molly you really think Eddie kill she ? JOHN you see that Michael meyer display . you have get to be pretty twisted to come up with something like that . molly I guess . it 's just hard to believe . the shape appear behind they in the distance , stand beside a tree ... watch ... wait . it seem as though with each cut the shape move closer ... JOHN you look kind of cold . molly I be okay . JOHN here , take my jacket . John take off he letterman jacket , drape it over she shoulder ... the shape disappear from view , into the thicket . JOHN ( continue ) better ? molly yeah . John gaze into Molly 's eye , she move in closer ... they engage in a passionate kiss ... John 's hand begin to find there way up she blouse when -- a pair of hand grab they by the back of they neck , pull they to they foot ! shit ! Molly scream ... the camera pull back to reveal ... keri with a firm grip on they both , a disapprove look paint across she face . keri all right ... fun 's over . ext . school ground - minute later keri move across the campus , back to the school ... Molly and John in tow . they pass the group of faculty house ... keri ( to John ) go take a cold shower ... I will deal with you later . John head for he house , wave good - bye to Molly ... she wave back sheepishly . keri and Molly continue toward the dorm ... keri ( continue ) Molly , of all the people ... if I can not trust my resident assistant , then what ? molly I know . I be really , really sorry , miss tate . please let I keep the job ... it 's the only way I can afford to stay here . keri okay , tell you what ... you can still be the school r.a. , but no dance tomorrow night . molly ( relieved ) okay ... thank you . Molly give keri a hug ... keri something tell I I will not get the same reaction when I tell John ... the two be completely unaware of ... the shape watch from the thicket , the moonlight reflect off he pale white mask . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - establishing - morning student scurry from they dorm to the adjacent school building , racing to make it to they a.m. class on time ... super the legend : " October 31st . Halloween . " int . gymnasium - morning a group of student take lap in the indoor swim pool beneath the retract gymnasium floor . the gym be decorate for the Halloween festival that night ... they coach , mrs . rockwell , supervise from poolside , whistle dangle around she neck . on Molly , Linda , and sarah locke , the resident gossip with beauty pageant good look , as they complete they final lap . they congregate in the shallow end , they goggle perch on they head ... molly I feel like everyone 's stare at I . sarah News travel fast . it 's all over school about you and John get bust in the wood by miss tate . linda do not suppose you have anything to do with that , motor mouth . sarah shut up , freak . Mrs. rockwell blow she whistle ... the girl in the pool wait for she instruction . mrs . rockwell alright , I know you girl have the big Halloween dance tonight , so I be let you go ten minute early today . linda ( under she breath ) how generous of she . Molly , Linda , and Sarah start to climb out of the pool ... mrs . rockwell Sarah , since you take it upon yourself to arrive ten minute late today , you can stay the extra ten minute . sarah but Mrs. rockwell ... mrs . rockwell use the time to practice you drive . you look real sloppy out there today . linda ooooh , bust . molly Big time . and news travel fast . would not be surprised if the whole school know about this one by tonight . Sarah flip they the finger ... sarah smile at the birdie , lady . Molly and Linda head toward the locker room ... linda Sarah locke . what a major bitch . you know she wax she stomach ? Molly and Linda exit the gymnasium ... on Sarah as she climb out of the pool ... walk to the diving board on the other end of the desert gym ... place the goggle over she eye ... she dive into the water ... swim underwater toward the shallow end ... she head toward the surface ... sarah Pov the shape be stand poolside ... he image warpe by the roll water , bob and sway with the current . Sarah break through the surface of the water , catch she breath ... throw off she goggle , scan the gym ... angle on the gymnasium empty . not a soul in sight . Sarah shrug it off , climb back out of the pool ... head for the diving board ... she dive into the water ... as she emerge in the shallow end the light in the gym extinguish ... leave she in darkness . sarah ( call out ) hey ! there 's someone in here ! no response . Sarah move toward the stair ... sarah ( continue ) Hell - of ! I be in here ! she grab the railing , start to pull herself out of the pool , when suddenly ... the shape grab her by the neck . pushes she back into the pool ... hold she head under the water ... she arm flail wildly as she struggle for breath ... the shape flash a knife ... slice into flesh ... Sarah 's body go limp ... the shape release she ... she lifeless body float face down in the bloody water . wide of the gymnasium the shape have disappear from view . clang-clang-clang . the gym floor begin to close over the pool , cover the float corpse inside of it . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - day keri move across campus , notice -- the massive wrought iron gate open to the single lane road exite the school . keri eye the guardhouse that sit at the entrance , indignant . int . guard house keri enter , the guard house be empty ... keri ( call off ) hattie ? she 's nowhere in sight ... keri ( continue ) now where be she ? keri push a button on the console in front of she . the gate slowly begin to close ... keri exit the guard house , close the door behind she ... head back to the school . close on : a coffee mug sit on the console , fill with a deep red liquid ... plop ! a drop of blood fall from the ceiling blood soak the drop-ceile ... hattie 's corpse hide from view . clang ! the gate shut tight ... CUT to : int . headmaster's office - later that afternoon keri walk into she office , shut the door behind she ... turn to find carter seat in front of she desk ... blake stand beside he , look out the office window ... keri jump at the sight of the uninvite guest -- keri ( startle ) shit ! Carter stand , take one look at she and know he 's hit the jackpot ... carter I will be damned . keri do I know you ? blake we be sorry to startle you , miss tate . carter the door be open , so we let ourselves in . keri I can see that . who be you ? Carter flash a smile , then he badge ... carter detective Carter from the haddonfield p.d . blake Toni blake from langley p.d. keri know exactly why they be here , she dual life be crossing path ... they have find little sister . carter mind if we sit down ? keri I would prefer you do not . I be very busy . carter okay , then how ' bout we ask you a few question ? keri detective ... carter Carter . keri ... I think it would be best if you both leave . carter might want to stop and think about the safety of you student , miss tate . keri I never stop think about it , detective . ( point out the window ) the only way in or out of this school be through that gate , and it be secure at all time . carter funny , we just drive right in . keri well , I can assure you , it will not happen again . thanks for you concern . Goodbye . Carter start out ... turn back toward keri . carter have anyone ever tell you , you bear a strike resemblance to Laurie strode ? keri glare at he for a beat ... the wall around she be collapse . keri never hear of she . blake remove a business card from she pocket , a phone number scribble across its face . she place it on the desk ... blake the ferndale p.d. be set up a roadblock couple mile down the road . they think they be look for a jealous boyfriend go mad ... I think differently . we can protect you .. keri do not flinch , motion toward the door . Carter and blake start out -- keri you can not stop he . Carter stop , turn back toward she ... carter not without some help . Carter and blake exit , shut the door behind they ... CUT to : ext . gate - fifteen minute later Carter and blake in a rental car to the side of the road just outside the gate . blake emerge from the passenger side ... Carter toss she a walkie-talkie ... carter do not be a stranger ... Carter pull away from the school ... blake hook the walkie-talkie to she side , head back into the campus , pass -- a car hide behind the bush , Eddie 's rotting corpse lock inside ... CUT to : int . girl ' locker room - a half hour later lot of nubile young body move to and for , change out of sweaty gym clothes into dry attire . on Molly , stand in front of a fogge - up mirror , straight from the shower ... towel tuck firmly around she chest . Linda stand to she right , put on she make -up ... also in a towel . linda Shane 's go as a condom . molly I think you be allergic to latex . linda I will pop a benadryl . molly you think they will let he in dress like that ? linda oh , they be so stupid ... I will just tell they he 's go as a sausage case . Linda swipe she palm across the fogge - up mirror , wiping away the steam ... on the mirror . in its reflection we see Molly and Linda ... then -- the shape appear from the cloud of steam behind they ! other student spot the intruder , run scream from the locker room . the shape grab Linda from behind ... wield a knife ... slit she throat ... blood cascade down she neck , ' blemish the towel around she bust . on Molly , immobile . terrify . unable to scream . linda be lifeless body drop to the floor ... eye wide open in terror . the shape shift he attention to molly get she leg back , run like hell ... run smack into keri at the locker room entrance ... grab Molly in she arm . keri whoa . what 's go on in there ? Molly be on the verge of hysterics -- molly Linda ! he kill Linda ! keri who ?! molly Michael meyer ! keri dart into the locker room ... molly ( continue ) miss tate , wait ! Molly follow she , stand in the relative safety of the doorway ... keri walk in to find -- the shape stand above Linda 's lifeless body ... knife raise high in the air , drip blood . on keri , she leg buckle ... she struggle to stay stand . keri Michael , nooooooo ! then , a even more bizarre sight -- the shape start to chuckle ... he shoulder bob up and down ... bend over slightly at the waist . linda be lifeless body start tremble with laughter . the shape reach up to he mask , pull it off ... it 's JOHN ! JOHN that be classic ... ( imitate keri ) " Michael , nooooooo ! " linda sit up , lick some blood off she finger . linda mmmm . anyone get some french fries ? John and Linda crack up . on keri , mortify ... the sight of she son dress like he homicidal uncle be almost too much for she to bear ... John and Linda be too busy revealing in they prank to notice ... linda ( continue ) Molly , you should have see you face ... keri cross over to John ... slap he across the face , hard . John reel , probably the first time keri 's laid a hand on he ... keri Home ... now ! keri grab John by the arm , push he past Molly ... CUT to : int . house - live room - day John sit on the sofa . will stand behind he ... neither sure exactly what they be do there . keri pace in front of they ... JOHN I be sorry , alright ? it be just a stupid joke . keri will , sit down ... will do . keri ( continue ) there 's something I have to tell you both . it 's go to sound strange ... will what ? keri my name have not always be keri tate . it be once Laurie strode . will you be right . it do sound strange . JOHN you some kind of fugitive or something ? keri I be try to get away from someone . will who ? keri Michael meyer . will the serial killer ? keri he 's my brother . JOHN now you be joke , right ? keri afraid not . you can pick you friend , but you can not pick you family . will keri , have you be ... will mime take a drink from a bottle ... keri no , will , this be not the alcohol talk . it 's the truth . will I can not believe this be happen . keri shit happen . JOHN wait a minute ... slow down ... you be tell I Michael meyer be my uncle ? keri yes . JOHN any other psychotic relative I should know about ? Jason ? freddy krueger ? keri no . JOHN why do not you tell I ? keri I be try to protect you from this ... keri hold up this trademark Halloween mask , a tuft of hair tightly in she grip ... John cross to the front door , open it ... keri ( continue ) where be you go ? JOHN I do not know . John exit . keri start after he , will grab she by the arm ... will you just drop a shitload on he ... give he some time to digest it . keri be you go to leave , too ? will never . keri nuzzle she head against will 's chest ... will ( continue ) so you be really Michael meyer ' sister ? keri yeah . will do we have to invite he to the wedding ? keri laugh , more out of relief than anything ... CUT to : ext . roadside - late afternoon a couple of ferndale p.d. squad car flank either side of the road . roadblocks line up across the asphalt deny access to the roadway lead to hillcrest . on Carter , lean against a squad car . deputy Clark stand next to he . Carter light up a cigarette ... deputy clark do not worry , detective . no one 's get up to that school . carter and this be the only way up to hillcrest ? deputy clark sure be . unless you boy can fly . carter I hope not . deputy Clark laugh , Carter do not ... just take another drag off he cigarette ... CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - night darkness fall ... Halloween night . costume student make they way inside the gymnasium . on a band of misfit . freshman , armed with carton of egg and roll of toilet paper , emerge stealthily from the wood acreage ... they attack the hillcrest administrative Building . on wally . the school custodian head for the bell tower ... spot the young punk across campus deface what he work so hard to preserve . he take off in they direction . wally ( call off ) hey , you kid ! knock that off ! get over here ! the boy see wally head in they direction ... they scramble , head back for the wood ... a few of they throw egg in wally 's direction . wally make it about halfway across campus before he old ticker kick in ... he have to stop ... catch he breath . wally ( continue ) damn kid . wally turn around , head back to the bell tower . one by one the freshman disappear into the thicket ... one of the boy run smack into ... the shape . the boy stare up at he , startle ... he dart after he friend ... the shape continue toward hillcrest . int . dorm - molly room Molly sit on the windowpane , she forehead press against the glass . lurch , the dog , lie across she bed . angle through the window a view of the entire campus . couple make they way across the grounds , move inside the gymnasium . Molly let out a sigh , wish that be she and John ... she continue to stare longingly out the window ... through the glass on wally as he move to the bell tower , disappear inside . he be follow by ... the shape on Molly . she sit up , take notice ... watch as the shape move inside the bell tower , then suddenly ... a pair of hand grab Molly by the shoulder ... spin she around , revealing ... linda in full " bride of frankenstein " costume . linda blaaaaaggghhhhh ! molly shit , Linda ! linda you be so easy ... molly be not scare the hell out of I once today enough ?! linda nope . hey , you think I will win scariest costume ? molly Linda , you be without a doubt the scariest person on campus . linda thanks ! molly where 's Shane ? linda condom Boy be wait for I in the cafeteria . molly but the dance be in the gymnasium . linda very insightful . the bell ring . echoes across the campus . linda ( continue ) let the party begin . molly have enough fun for the both of we . linda oh , do not be such a victim . Linda produce a couple of shot bottle from she purse , toss they on the bed . linda ( continue ) here . drink a couple of this . it will putcha in a much better mood . ta-ta . Linda exit . the bell continue to ring . Molly sit on the bed , pat lurch on the head . molly guess it 's just you and I , boy . the bell stop ringing abruptly . Molly turn she attention back to the window ... angle through the window at the top of the bell tower ... the shape stand beside the massive bell ... stare in Molly 's direction , look right through she . Molly gasp softly . she look down below and see ... linda leave the dormitory , head for the cafeteria . Molly look back up to the bell tower ... the shape have vanish . molly just some idiot in a costume ... Molly sit back on she bed , use lurch as a pillow ... Molly pick up one of the shot bottle , twist off the lid . molly ( continue ) let the party begin . Molly take a swig from the bottle . she shudder , she sour expression say it all ... int . cafeteria Dark and abandon . the camera pan across a bevy of empty table and chair to reveal ... linda and shane liplocked , hand all over each other . Linda sit on the edge of a table . Shane , dress as a condom , stand between she leg . the shape watch from the kitchen , illuminate only by the light from a nearby soda machine . Shane push Linda down onto the table , start to unbutton she blouse ... linda wait . shane what be it ? linda I have to pee . shane can not you hold it ? linda can not you ? Linda push Shane off she , head for the restroom . she pass the kitchen area ... the shape be nowhere in sight . Linda enter the bathroom ... int . bathroom Linda cross to a shall , tug on the door ... it 's lock . she knock on the door . linda somebody in there ? no answer . she pull at it again ... still do not budge . linda ( continue ) hellooooo . she kneel down on the ground , peer under the door . nothing . she stand back up ... shrug it off ... move to the next stall and go inside , close the door behind she . tight on door as Linda take care of " business . " linda ( o.s. ) ( sing ) if you think I 'm sexy . and you want my body . come on , baby . let I know . the toilet flush . Linda emerge from the stall , cross to the mirror ... check she make -up . angle on the mirror Linda admire she reflection ... not notice the stall door which be previously lock be now open . she smile at herself , lick she tooth , then exit to the hallway . int . cafeteria Linda emerge from the bathroom ... she head toward the center of the room ... angle on the cafeteria empty . no sign of Shane anywhere . linda ( call off ) Shane ? clang ! a noise from the kitchen . Linda move into the kitchen area where ... the shape emerge from the shadow , attack Linda ... grab she by the throat , lift she into the air ... her head hit the pot rack hang above she ... pot and pan drop to the tile floor below ... Linda flail she arm and leg , desperately try to free herself form the shape' grasp ... she kick the refrigerator door behind she ... it swing open to reveal ... shane's body stuffed inside . asphyxiate , he condom hat pull down over he head ... he corpse topple out of she refrigerator , fall onto the floor ... the shape flick the switch on a nearby meat slicer , it whirs to life . the shape force Linda 's head against the slicer ... she struggle furiously as she cheek approach the spin blade ... blood splatter everywhere as Linda be carve into quarter - inch slice ... CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - night various shot of the empty campus , all the student now congregate inside the gymnasium . the pulsate beat of faint dance music drift across the grounds . int . gymnasium - same time the festival be in full swing ... jam pack with costume couple dance across the floor . chaperone line the wall . keri lean against the refreshment table , san costume . arm fold ... there in body , mind elsewhere . will approach she , dress as Count dracula . he offer keri a glass of punch ... will ( as dracula ) May I offer you some fresh blood ? I squeeze it myself . keri glance at he , not amused ... keri not a real fan of Halloween humor , will . will ( realize ) oh , right . sorry . keri I be gonna head back to the office ... finish up some thing . will can not it wait till Monday ? I think maybe we could dance ... ( as dracula ) I be very light of my foot . keri manage a sincere smile , give he a kiss ... keri thanks , but I be not much in the mood for dance . enjoy the party ... you do a great job . keri head for the exit , will watch she leave ... CUT to : int . dorm - molly room close on a half empty shot bottle on the bedside table , next to two other shot bottle ... untouched . camera pan to the bed where ... molly lie , fully clothed ... face the ceiling . eye wide open , think of the night that could have be ... on lurch , lie on the floor beside the bed ... he sit up , he eye focus on ... the closet its door slightly ajar ... the light on inside . something inside catch lurch 's attention ... he growls . Molly reach over the side of the bed , pat the dog on he head . molly whatcha growl at , huh ? lurch continue to snarl at the closet . Molly sit up in the bed ... angle on the closet Light seep out from the crack in the open door , illuminate the sleeve of several hang blouse . molly lurch , there 's nothing in there but clothes . Molly get up ... move to the closet , open it ... inside the closet Wall - to- wall clothes hang from wooden dowel ... Molly palm the lightswitch , flick off the light . Molly close the door , tight ... head to the bathroom down the hall , lurch follow she out . ext . gymnasium - same time the misfit who tee-pee would the school have return , this time with black duffel bag in tow . on the rear double door of the gymnasium ... one of the freshmen pull a thick three foot long chain from he duffel bag ... wrap it around the door handle ... he produce a padlock , hook it through the loop of the chain ... snap it shut , lock tight . on the gymnasium entrance another freshman sneak into the gymnasium , while a fellow schoolmate hide behind some bush ... on the lookout for wally . int . dorm - molly room Molly return from the bathroom , pass ... the closet door . it 's ajar once again . Molly climb into bed , turn on she side ... she reach over to the side of the bed ... pet the dog . molly guess there 's always next year ... if I live past the humiliation of tonight . at that very moment , Molly see ... lurch ! the dog enter the room , sit in the doorway ... growl in she direction . on Molly . shit ! she instantly stop petting whatever be under the bed . close on her eye full of confusion , flush with fear . terrify , she slowly lean over the edge of the bed ... come eye - to - eye with -- the shape ! beneath she bed , stare right at she ... she be petting the hair on he mask all along . Molly scream . the shape grab she arm , drag she off the bed onto the floor . Molly struggle with he , as he try to climb on top of she . the shape maintain a strong grip on she ankle with one hand , swing a knife fiercely at she with the other . he make contact , slice open she leave thigh ... Molly scream in agony , kick she leg wildly ... she manage to strike a hard blow to he head . she break free of he grip , take off limping down the hall ... she hand press against the gape wound carve in she thigh . angle on the hall seem to stretch for mile ... Molly limp down the corridor , drag she leg behind she ... she look behind she ... no sign for the shape ... yet . she duck into one of the room , hide behind the door . the shape emerge from she room ... head down the hall . on Molly try desperately not to breathe , she watch as ... the shadow of the shape pass by ... she let out a silent sigh of relief , when suddenly ... the shape step back into the doorway , look into the room . Molly freeze , look at the wall beside she , she see ... her own shadow project on the wall , it betray she . molly ( squealing ) oh , God ... the shape reach through the crack in the hinge side of the door ... grab Molly by the hair , reel she in . Molly grab the door ... pull it towards she , smash the shape' arm between the door and the jam . he release she ... she fly out of the room , down the hall ... stumble down a flight of stair ... dash out of the dormitory . int . gymnasium - same time the party be in full swing . student and teacher alike crowd the gym floor , dance to the music blaring from the loudspeaker above . close on a sign " caution : be sure to clear gym and / or pool before operating floor " hung above a large red button . the camera pull back to reveal the freshman , who snuck in earlier , poise beneath it ... he punch the button , then pop it off and put it in he pocket ... he dart for the front entrance . clang-clang-clang ! the gymnasium floor begin to move beneath the student ' foot , split right down the middle ... retract into the wall ... the student part like the Red Sea , hoot and holler as the pool beneath they be reveal . ext . gymnasium the freshman fly out of the gym , slam the door shut behind he ... he schoolmate chain the door , lock they with a padlock . they dart for the wood , pass ... molly stumble towards they , she pants bloody . she scream , try to get they attention ... they disappear into the thicket . she move to the rear of the gymnasium , bang on the chain door ... scream for help , look over she shoulder to see ... the shape head straight for she . she hobble to the front entrance , bang on the door ... molly let I in ! oh , God , help I ! somebody ... goddamnit ! the shape close in . int . gymnasium - same time Molly 's scream be lose amongst the gleeful squeal of the party goer . the floor continue to glide open beneath they foot , revealing ... sarah float , face down in the pool ... water taint bright red with she blood , illuminate by the pool light . the mood suddenly change ... the scream of excitement quickly turn into shriek of horror . bedlam ensue ... frightened student scramble toward the entrance , knock party goer into the pool ... trample over other . at the entrance student stack up against the door , pound furiously ... try to get out . will try to calm the petrify party - goer ... int . headmaster's office - same time keri sit behind she desk , detective blake 's business card in hand ... she pick up the phone , bring it to she ear ... no dial tone . she jiggle the receiver ... still nothing . she be distract by -- molly scream from outside she office . keri cross to the window ... angle through the window Molly stand at the gymnasium entrance , pound against the door with bloody palm ... scream bloody murder , try desperately to get in , while the student on the other side try in vain to get out . keri Molly ? the shape approach she , now only a few foot away . Molly tug feverishly at the chain , they hold tight . she bolt for the bell tower , trail blood ... the shape follow . on keri , horrify ... he 's back . she charge out of the office , on a mission ... CUT to : int . bell tower Molly burst through the door ... she stop at the bottom of the staircase , look up to see ... four flight of stair spiraling high above she . she hobble up the stairway , grunt in agony ... as she make she ascent , she look down to see ... a shadow three flight down , begin its climb up the stair . Molly pick up the pace ... ext . bell tower - continuous Molly emerge at the top of the bell tower ... run over to the rope dangle from the massive bell ... pull with all she might , cause ... the bell to swing ... but there be no sound ! Molly frantically pull the rope again , scream madly ... try desperately to get someone 's attention ... still no sound ! she move to the gargantuan bell , look inside and see ... wally body stuff up inside of it , prevent the clapper from strike the bell . Molly reach in , grab wally 's shirt ... tug with all she might ... expel the cadaver with a final heave - ho . on wally 's corpse as it fall four storey down , land at the foot of the staircase . Molly stumble back ... wrap the rope around she wrist , tug with all she weight ... ring -ring -ring ! the bell resonate across campus . a call for help ... Molly continue to pull at the rope , she wrist bleed as the cord dig into she skin . she watch in horror as ... a shadow approach the top of the stairway ... a figure emerge , it 's ... the shape Molly scream ... the shape grab he ... wrap the rope tightly around she neck ... Molly grasp for breath . on keri running furiously across the campus ... try desperately to reach the bell tower in time ... on the shape move Molly to the wall of the bell tower , toss she over the edge .... on keri watch in horror as Molly fall two flight before the rope go taunt , snap she neck instantly ... the bell clang . keri nooooooooo ! int . gymnasium - same time a group of student , with will at the helm , use a wooden bench as a batter ram ... boom ! the bench slam against the gym entrance , the metal door start to buckle ... boom ! on the gymnasium door , the weight of the wooden bench pop the chain wrap around the handle , the door fly open ... keri watch as craze student pour out of the gymnasium , head for the park bus across campus ... student spot Molly dangle from the bell tower ... scream of terror echo across campus ... keri turn back to the bell tower ... the shape be gone ! keri ( realize ) John ... she head toward -- the parked school buse be fill to capacity with scream teens ... will lead the charge of get all student safely aboard . keri manage to find John amongst the throng ... keri John ! mother and son reunite ... JOHN he find you , do not he ? keri get on the bus . JOHN where 's Molly ? she 's not in she room ... keri just get on the bus . JOHN I be not leave without she . keri John , you can not help she now . JOHN what ? where be she ? keri John ... keri 's at a loss for word , it 's write all over she face ... JOHN oh , God ... no ... not Molly . keri please , get on the bus ... John hesitates for a beat ... climb into the bus , take a window seat ... will cross to keri , hug she tight ... will keri , you all right ? keri we have get to get this kid out of here ... will I will make sure there 's no kid leave in the dorm ... will dash toward the dorm ... keri climb aboard the bus , stand next to the driver ... wait impatiently for will to return . ext . hillcrest academy the buse be on the move ... leave the academy single file ... on JOHN watch from inside he bus as it prepare to leave ... on keri wave to John through the window , know this may be the last time she ever see he . she turn to the driver -- keri you go ahead . will and I will follow you in my car . the driver nod in agreement ... john' Pov keri get off the bus , watch as the last bus drive through the open gate of the academy ... keri cross to the dorm , disappear inside -- int . dorm keri move noiselessly down the hallway ... search for any sign of will ... hold she breath with every door she check behind ... keri ( a loud whisper ) will ... will , where be you ? keri round a corner , spot -- smoke seeping through the crack of a swinging door lead to the dorm 's kitchenette . keri cross to the swinging door , slowly push it open to reveal -- will he whole upper torso shove into the oven , clothes ablaze . keri run into the kitchen , yank will out of the oven by he leg . on will . Hair singe - off he head , he face a mangle mass of burn flesh , mouth agape in horror ... keri oh , God , will ... keri kneel down beside he , helpless ... fill with rage ... swoosh ! the kitchen door swing violently to and for ... keri spin around , startle by -- lurch the dog jump on she chest , lick she face gleefully . keri get off I ... the dog 's mood change suddenly : he stop lick keri and growls ferociously at something behind she ... keri slowly turn around to see -- the shape stand above she , come down on she with a knife ... make contact , slice she shoulder wide open . keri scramble to she foot , grab a pot off the stove ... swing at the shape . clang ! deliver a hard blow to the shape be head with the iron pot . the shape stumble backward , keri sprint out the door ... ext . dorm keri come run from the building , dash across campus and into -- int . house keri burst through the door , run down the hallway into -- int . bedroom close on : detective blake her body sprawle across keri 's bed , throat slit from ear - to - ear ... a tombstone in lieu of a headboard , " laurie strode " carve into stone . keri you son of a bitch ! the fury well inside of she . keri cross to the bed , drop to she knee ... pull out the metal box underneath the mattress ... open it ... it's empty ! keri ( continue ) shit ! CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy keri run from the house , determine ... make she way across campus to -- int . guard house keri cross to the console , push the button that control the gate ... it begin to close slowly . crash ! hattie 's body fall from the drop-ceile above , land right on top of keri . shit. keri throw the bloody corpse off of she . she look around the room ... zeroe in on the large cb radio ... she pick it up and smashes it against the console ... over and over again ... spark fly ... the gate now permanently close . keri reach down , pull hattie 's key ring from she body ... move outside . ext . gate keri move to the gate ... lock it use hattie 's key , then toss they over the gate into the brush . keri ( call off ) time to put a end to this nightmare , motherfucker ! keri head back toward the school . CUT to : ext . roadblock - same time deputy Clark lie on the hood of he patrol car , hat over he face ... catch some z' . Carter stand by the wooden barrier , spot -- the line of buse speed toward the roadblock , head for the small town below ... carter what the hell ? deputy Clark be awaken by the approach caravan . Carter wave down a bus , move to the door -- carter ( continue ) what 's happen ? driver we be evacuate the school . be two murder up there tonight . killer 's still on the loose ... carter goddamnit ! Carter run back to the patrol car , follow by deputy Clark . deputy clark ( call off ) call for back -up ! a flurry of action as officer clear the roadblock , get on the radio and call for back - up ... Carter and deputy Clark climb into the patrol car , head for the school ... Carter grab he walkie-talkie , bark into it -- carter blake , what 's go on up there ! CUT to : int . bedroom - same time on blake' walkie - talkie still hook to the side of she lifeless body ... carter ( o.s. ) blake ! do you hear I ? blake ! CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - same time various shot of the empty campus . keri move brazenly across school grounds , look for the big brother .... as she pass the bell tower , she see -- a shadow move inside the gymnasium ... she quickly approach -- int . gymnasium keri move inside the decorate gym ... stop at a FIRE axe hang behind glass ... she pick up a plastic skull , smashes the glass with it ... grab the axe and continue inside ... click ! the light go out ... the gym now eerily illuminate only by carve pumpkin light around its perimeter . keri continue on , bravely ... the fire axe tightly in she grip . keri ( call off ) let 's end this right now . you want to kill I to fulfill you twisted obsession , then go ahead . I be tired of play hide - and - seek , brother . come on , finish what you start , you miserable fuck . clang-clang-clang ! keri jump ... the gymnasium floor beneath she begin to move , close back over the pool ... keri continue to move alongside the pool , when -- the shape jump from the bleacher , bury a knife deep into keri 's arm ... she scream in pain ... drop the fire axe into the pool . the shape pull the knife from keri 's arm , stand above she ... he raise the knife high into the air , about to plunge it straight into keri 's heart , when -- bang ! a bullet burrow into the shape' shoulder . spin he around , come face - to- face with ... JOHN stand behind he , wield keri 's smith and wesson . the shape move toward he . bang ! bang ! bang ! JOHN empty the chamber into the shape , thrust he backward ... the shape fall into the pool , pull keri into the water with he ... keri struggle to climb out of the pool , the shape fight to pull she back in .... the shape find the axe , swing at keri ... slice open she thigh . JOHN grab keri by the arm , manage to pull she out . the shape strive to climb out of the water as the gym floor continue to close ... he swing the axe , bury the blade into the gym floor ... grab the handle , use it to pull himself out ... keri grab a javelin hang on the wall ... the shape pull he upper torso out of the water just as keri raise the javelin high into the air , when -- close on : the shape reaches out for she ... then , a sound altogether unnatural -- the shape ( a desperate plea ) Laurie ... time stand still -- total silence . on keri . all the love and loss of the past twenty year play all over she face , when -- keri Michael ... ( then ) go to hell ! keri plunge the javelin through he body with all she might , pierce he heart ... the javelin jut out of he back . the shape arch he back in pain , grab the metal rod ... try desperately to remove it , sink into the water ... the gym floor close above he ... clang ! half the javelin stick out above the floor ... it twitches fiercely , then stop ... carter storm the gym , gun draw ... follow by deputy Clark and a dozen armed police officer . he approach keri ... keri guess he be stoppable , after all . the terror be gone . keri and John embrace . CUT to : ext . hillcrest academy - a half hour later police car litter the campus . the corpse of the shape lie cover on a gurney ... a pair of paramedics roll it past -- a ambulance park near the entrance , its rear door open revealing -- JOHN be tend to by a paramedic . keri sit next to he ... JOHN I just can not believe she 's dead . keri do the only thing a mother can do , give he a hug ... keri I love you , John . always the guy , John just shrug , give she a tough smile . JOHN yeah , I too , keri . keri call I Laurie , will ya ? JOHN keri .... Laurie ... how about if I just call you Mom ? keri that would work . the two embrace a another paramedic close the rear door of the ambulance , lock keri and John safely inside . through the rear window mother and son continue to bond as the ambulance drive off into the night . CUT to black . T h E E N D