o revised draft 4.4.83 halloween III : season of the witch written by Tommy Lee wallace ) halloween 3 superimpose over black : " halloween will come , will come , witchcraft will be set agoing , demon will be at full speed running in every pass , avoid the road child , child . " — — traditional fade in : MAIN title sequence titles begin to play over a black screen . suddenly the screen be fill with color ! a intense , glow orange . Electronic . flicker . a tv screen . the sound of click , clatter computer keyboard . a black dot appear in the field of orange , then another and another . this build into the shape of a triangle . title continue . camera slowly dolly back . another black triangle appear : ' beside the first . ' ey es . the face of a_jack -o- lantern be be electronically " carve into the field of orange . the triangular nose , the jag smile ... the pumpkin shape reverse and rearrange itself on the monitor screen , distorting , enlarge , shrink , strobing , fill the screen . title out . dissolve to : '' ) 3 . int. / ext . lonely gas station - night 3 OPEN on another tv screen . this one be fill with dramatic shot of stonehenge . tv commentator ( v.o. filter ; with british accent ) ..- leave british authority still baffle and . without any substantial clue nine month after the theft ... the bluestone be one of nineteen , believe to represent the nineteen - year cycle of the moon . it weigh more than five ton , make its disappearance a mystery indeed ... pull back to reveal a clean little gas station . the attendant , jone , a black man in he forty , sit comfortably at he desk , foot propped up , he nose bury in a box magazine . outside , the rain come down in sheet . tv commentator ( continue ; v.o . ) ) ... but the festival goer seem none the worse for it , as happy celebrant gather to welcome in the Autumn season ... ( a smatter of a irish jig ) Derrick Smith ... at stonehenge . tv anchorman ( vv.0o . filter ; very american ) aaaaaaaand when we come back , Steve will bring we . the weather and trina sy '' will . . bi not .to - tell. you what , you " '' can do ' about . junk mail . stay with ' US ... then , the bright , happy sound of a commercial . Jones glance at the set . closeup - tv screen 4 a logo spiral out of the video depth and fill the screen : silver shamrock jolly voice begin to sing : shamrock voice * EIGHT more day to halloween , halloween , halloween ; EIGHT more day to halloween , sil ----ver--~--shamrock ! !! colorful mask and smile child spiral onto the screen and dance merrily about : a witch , a pumpkin and a skull . back to scene 5 Jones turn back to he magazine . a shamrock voice yammer about '' horrificly beautiful mask at low , low price ... " in the pour rain outside , something move . a figure separate itself from the background and head toward the station . ext . / int . gas station - low angle ( panaglide ) 6 the man 's foot splashes hugely into frame ! he stagger doggedly past the gas pump , gasp for breath . we follow . something dangle from he hand ; he drop it . it be a Halloween mask . a orange . pumpkin . the man stagger forward and fall against the station door . int . on jone 7 the attendant turn , startle . * to the tune of " London Bridge be falling down " 0 10 int . / ext . through glass onto grimbridge 8 the man outside ( whose name be grimbridge ) have he face press tight against the glass ; it be a study in terror and exhaustion . his gray hair be matte . his eye be wild . Jones open the door and grimbridge collapse inward . Jones help he to the floor . jone Jesus Christ , man ! what happen ? grimbridge stare up at the attendant helplessly . he be emaciate . a week 's growth of beard , a cut on he cheek . he slump into unconsciousness . jone ( continue ) oh man , do not die here ... CUT to : ext . / int . gas station garage - night 9 the station tow - truck roar to life and back out into the rain . grimbridge be slump against the passenger window . gear grind , wheel spin and the truck hurtle into the night . pan with it , finally revealing a_tall thin figure , watch from the shadow . CUT to : int . linda' house - night 10 the television play . commercial ..to a empty . room . Upper middle class ; suburban . the front door burst open . JOHN challis step in gingerly , rain and lightning behind he . Square -jaw , late thirty ; he hair and he clothes be all wrong for the suburb . challis ( come in ) anybody home ? ( continued ) C ) 10 il continued : 10 a commotion from the other end of the house . two child run into the room carry fork , napkin , sandwich , etc . bella ( 9 ) and willie ( 10 ) , straight from the dinner table . bella & willie ( in a jumble ) daddy 's here ! daddy 's here ! yay , daddy ! whadja bring we ? the child both hit challis at the same time , nearly knock he over . linda ( off-screen ) Children , we leave we food at the table -- Linda come in . pretty , well - coiff . the perfect suburban wife . except that she and challis be not marry any more . she look weary . challis take two paper bag from he coat . bella & willie whadja bring we ? lemme see ! lemme see ! challis ( to Linda ; through the din ) hi. sorry . bad timing . linda ( phony pleasant ) I be use to it . remember ? . .jxchallis '' ( to ' the ' child ) all right , all right ! here ! he hand each child a paper bag . on bella and willie il in unison , they pull Halloween mask from the bag . this be not the kind on tv . this be smaller , and paint with dull color . in unison , the child look disappointed . C ) 12 13 back to scene 12 challis what 's wrong ? do not you like they ? willie mommy already get we mask ... bella Silver shamrock ! look ! challis ' face fall . the child drop they gift and scamper behind the sofa , emerge second later wear two beautiful Silver shamrock mask ! Willie wear a skull , he sister a witch head . they prance around the room sing the Silver shamrock song . Linda come over to challis . the child settle in front of the tv . linda ( soften ) Nice try . challis shrug , pick up the mask . if it hurt , he do not show it much . the phone ring . both child lunge for it . bella & willie I will get it ! I will get it ! linda ( get there first hello ? yes . just a moment . ( at the kid ) turn that down ! she hold the phone out to challis . angle on child : 413 they return to they perches in front of the tv , still wear they mask . Bella turn down the volume just as the Silver shamrock commercial come on ! delighted , both child bob and dance to the music . C ) 14 back to scene 14 challis ( into phone ) yeah ?--- when ? what 's he condition ? wc - all right . I will come on in . ( hang up ) I have get to go . linda that 's a familiar line . challis " bye kid -- but the child be absorb in they tv - dance . challis head for the door . Linda hurry to he . dolly in close . linda ( lowering she voice ) John , now listen to I . Saturday morning , 10:30 . you be pick they up . right ? no excuse this time ? challis on ( irritably ) a , Linda ... linda it 's be four week , nonstop . they be you kid too , dammit . I be go out of my mind , John , I need some personal space !! you promise I -—- challis all right . Saturday . and he be go . Linda stare out into the rain . linda ( softly ) bastard . and in the background , the Silver shamrock jingle tinkle along ... CuT to : oo 's ) 15 16 17 18 ext . sierra madre - night challis ' car slide through the wet night , round a curve and slice through the main street of this small California town . int . challis ' car - night ( moving ) challis drive through the night . the rain let up ; he turn off the wiper . he try the radio , twist the dial : Jazz , rock , news , the commercial ... " eight more day to Halloween , Halloween , Halloween - - " disgust , challis snap the radio off . ext . hospital parking lot - night see the hospital from some distance away : a couple of storey , modern , stark . a few car scattered in the gape parking lot . challis ' car pull into a special area near the building . he get out and head inside . as we pan with he , we catch a reflection in a nearby car . the tall thin man be watch . int . hospital corridor - night challis come in . he be meet by the head nurse , ( agnes ) , a stout woman of middle age . i. should -- nurse his condition be stable , but Doctor Castle leave early , and I just think : challis '' sure. s'fine . 's where be he ? the nurse point ahead . they go up the hallway . we follow . - two policemen be stand near a gurney on which grimbridge be lie . Jones , the station attendant , come over . * jone lissen . he just walk up out of the rain . I swear to God that 's all there be to it ... I bring he here ... ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 qo 18 19 continued : 18 one of the policeman hand challis a form to sign . challis do so , and the policeman leave . Jones seem relieved . challis check grimbridge over . he appear to be asleep . challis get a room for he ? nurse thirteen . challis begin to push the gurney down the hall . jone hey . can I leave now ? challis do not see why not . challis stop the gurney and extend he hand . challis ( continue ; professional courtesy ) thanks for help he out . jone well , I always say ... it may be I next time ... ( ad lib ) new angle 19 ( Jones ' voice carry over . ) -the..gurneyhas.stopped ' just ; in : frontvof .. a - open. door . '' look past grimbridge 's head , " see a patient in 's bed , and high up on the wall , a television set . as we watch , the now - familiar happy music start play . the Silver shamrock theme . grimbridge hear it . his eye pop open . he feebly raise he head ! he move he mouth , make a croaking sound . '' 20 21 10 . back to scene 20 challis hear this and fly to grimbridge , lean in close . challis can you hear I ? the commercial continue in background . challis take no notice . grimbridge ( {haltingly ) they be ---- go to ---- kill we ! all of we !!! grimbridge fall back , tremble . challis nurse ! nurse ! as the nurse come run , Jones back fearfully away , down the hallway and out the door . dissolve to : int . grimbridge's room - night 21 grimbridge sleep peacefully . the nurse finish give he a injection . nurse that ought to hold he ' till morning . challis great . who 's next ? nurse nobody .. except. for he it 's a quiet . night . " . challis I could use a nap . nurse twenty -two 's empty . they go into the hallway . 22 23 24 25 11 . int . hospital hallway - night . 22 challis and the nurse come out and head down the corridor away from camera . nurse pillow be in the cabinet . there 's some milk and cookie in the fridge . challis I think I should have marry you , agnes ... he pat she on the behind . she jump . nurse . watch it , buster . I play for keep . they clown they way down the corridor , they voice recede . challis go into a room . the nurse duck in at she station . after a moment , the tall thin man step around a corner . he walk quietly across to grimbridge ' 's room . ' int . grimbridge's room 23 in the near-darkness , the thin man be no more than a shadow . he glide silently over to the bed . on grimbridge 24 sleep peacefully , light dimly by a nearby nightlight . suddenly a black - glove hand clamp down across he mouth ! his .eyesopen dazedly . his hand feebly claw at the glove ; thé sleeve , but he strength be ’no- match . for the thin mar n's . new angle 25 the thin man bring he other hand down toward grimbridge 's face , he thumb and forefinger poise like talon !! o 26 27 28 29 30 31 closeup ~ grimbridge's eye he stare up in terror , then he clamp he eye shut as ... closeup - hand the thin man bring he hand down and ... grimbridge's face ( sfx appliance ) the thumb and forefinger penetrate deep into grimbridge 's eye socket ! the hand grip hard , vice-tight . cutaway - grimbridge's feet his foot begin to kick and quiver . back to scene ( sfx appliance ) suddenly the glove hand jerk outward with a sicken crunch . grimbridge 's face change shape obscenely ! grimbridge stop struggle . new angle the thin man take a towel from beside the bed and wipe he glove on it . nurse ( off-screen ) ' what be you . do in heré ?! whip pan to the door . the nurse have come in , be already crossing to the bed . she see grimbridge ; she hand fly to she mouth and she scream . the thin man walk calmly past she and out the door . 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 13 . hallway to parking lot ( panaglide ) 32 challis spring up out of he nap ; he run into the hallway . the thin man slip out the exit door at the far end . challis run down the hallway and into grimbridge 's room . nurse he 's dead ! ( point ) a man - - a man just --- challis run again . we follow . down the hallway , through a door , down a flight of step , through another door and into the parking lot . challis stop and look around . he Pov 33 in the distance , the thin man reach he car . he open the door and get inside . back to challis 34 he start run for the car . we follow , draw close . on the thin man 35 the thin man take a container and begin to pour liquid on himself , the dashboard , the back seat ! challis 36 challis slow to a stop , mystify . challis ' Pov 37 the thin man strike a match . smash closeup - match 38 for a split second , match - light illuminate the thin man 's smooth , blank face . wet with gasoline ! will ) o ) 39 40 41 42 43 44 + 14 . wide shot 39 with a whoof , the car 's interior roar into flame ! challis 40 the wave of heat rock challis back on he foot . he stare at the burn car in astonishment and horror . new . angle 41 within second , the entire car be a inferno ! the gas tank explode , send a ball of flame into the air ! wide shot 42 people run from surround building toward the flame car , and the mystify doctor . dissolve to : ext . hospital parking lot - dawn 43 same angle . police hover about the char car while two men in white coat pick through the wreckage . a FIRE truck sit nearby . int . hospital - grimbridge's room - dawn 44 challis stand at a window , bleary - eye , still in shock . two attendant lift grimbridge 's cover body onto a collapsible stretcher . the® sheriff ; . the coroner™and.another police officer - talk quietly in the corner . the attendant wheel the stretcher to the door . they be meet there by ellie grimbridge , a pretty woman in she ' 20' . she be dress in a suit , obviously prepare to . face the tragedy . ellie be this ---- ( continued ) oy 44 15 . continued : the sheriff cross hastily over as ellie start to lift the sheet . sheriff ma'am , I would not ... just yet . ellie let 's get it over with . gingerly , the sheriff lift the sheet . for just a instant , sheer horror play across ellie 's face . she hold it in check . challis watch from he place at the window . ellie ( continue ) yes ... it 's my father . she turn away , breathe deeply . the policeman hand she a cup of water . the coroner begin to pack he bag . ellie ( continue ) who do it ? sheriff some crazy man . kill himself in the parking lot right after ... drug , probably . miss grimbridge -- ellie be that it ? my father 's dead because some drug freak be amusing himself ? : sheriff the whole thing be under . investigation . ellie ( bitterly ) I will bet ! sheriff miss grimbridge , you have have a hard night and you have come a long way . nobody 's sorrier than I be about what you have have to come for . why ( more ) ( continued ) 44 oo 44 45 46 47 48 16 . continued : ( 2 ) sheriff ( continue ) do not you get some rest ? when you feel better , I will have some que - tion for you . and maybe some more answer . the sheriff pat ellie 's shoulder comfortingly . she straighten herself and walk out . everyone wait for a pregnant moment . then the sheriff sigh hugely . sheriff ( continue ) . all right , boy . let 's clear out . the stretcher be wheeled out . one by one , the other follow . CUT to : int . hospital corridor - later challis head wearily toward the exit . a sound stop he . he look around . he Pov down a side corridor , ellie be press against a wall , half conceal , sobbing quietly . on challis he watch helplessly . : fade out . int . bar - morning a television set be mount high up over the bar . a Saturday morning cartoon be play . there be two people in the bar : challis and charlie the bartender , a muscular fellow with a beard and a ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 48 C ~ 48 17 . continued : 48 beer gut . challis be have bourbon for breakfast . he look hang over . he wince at the cartoon . challis hey Charlie . how about another station ? Charlie change channel , pause at a preview trailer for the movie " Halloween . " a announcer intone promise of " a very special horrorthon on Halloween night --- bring to you by Silver sham - rock ! " the familiar tone of the commercial follow ... " three more day to halloween , halloween , halloween . " challis ( continue ) Charlie , come on ... charlie whatsamatter ? do not you have any Halloween spirit ? challis no . Charlie find a football game . he draw himself a beer and settles in to watch . the front door open and ellie walk in . she be casually dress ; she look refresh and well - rest . ellie ocome over ) hi. challis hello . ellie my name 's ellie grimbridge . challis I know . John challis . ellie I know . ( continued ) om continued : 18 . ( 2 ) 48 they sit awkwardly for a moment . challis I ---uh --- I be sorry about you father . I think about call or send flower or something , but ... I figure you would rather be leave alone . ellie thanks . you figure right . ( after a moment ) can I ask you something ? challis sure . ellie do you do this every morning ? challis no ! this be a special occasion ! ellie what ? challis the weekend ... . ( glance at he watch ) it also probably have to do with the fact that I have get to pick up my kid in a little while and I be not really look forward to it . ( hold up he drink ) get you one ? ellie no thanks . can I ask you something else ? challis nod , amused . ellie be very attractive ; she also know how to ask question without be obnoxious . ellie ( continue ) do my father say anything to you the night he die ? challis study he drink for a moment . ( continued ) o -~ 48 49 19 , continued : ( 3 ) 48 challis yeah . he say , ' tell ellie I love she . ' ellie ( move ; rise to go ) you be a bad liar ... but thanks anyway . challis listen . I guess you have a right to know the truth . what he really say be , ' they be go to kill we all . ' I hate to tell you this , but you old man be out of he mind . they find he wander in the rain -- challis stop . he have go too far . ellie fight back tear . ellie could I show you something ? CUT to : int . grimbridge's store - day 49 the store be dark . ellie let herself and challis in . the front blind be draw ; " close " sign hang forlornly in the window . ellie papa really love this place . but business be get bad . I sup - pose you . shop at the new mall like . everybody : élse .... challis do not answer . he look around the dusty store . it be a sort of hardware - variety store ; a bit of everything . along one wall be a rack of sport equipment . next to that , a row of automobile tire . a shelf of toy . tool , bicycle , clothing , arrange willy - nilly . ( continued ) o 49 continued : 20 . 49 ellie ( continue ) he be think about close down . his last letter be all about it . that be three week ago . ( digging ) he be not out of he mind then ... she pick up a old - look ledger by the cash register . ellie ( continue ) the kid be keep he go . they would come in after school . he really love they . let them play with the stuff right in the aisle ... like I use to do when I be little . ( scan the ledger ) candy , gum . a bicycle , a basketball , lot of toy ... he best customer . ( a beat ) he keep pretty good record for a crazy man , Doctor - - challis look , I be sorry about the comment . maybe I should go . ellie no . I do want to show you something . she pick up a appointment book . ellie ( continue ; read ) ' October 18 , ° merchant 's council meeting . October 19 ; ' football game . october. 20 , pick up more mask . ' that 's the last entry . I think he be refer to this ... she go to a shelf where the Silver shamrock mask be on display . challis ( wryly ) oh , that thing . I know they well . ( continued ) 21 . 49 continued : ( 2 ) . 49 ellie they be very popular . accord to papa 's ledger , he could not stock they fast enough . I do a little detective work . the town where they make this be not too far away . Santa mira . challis so what ? ellie if he go to the factory to pick up he order -- challis why would not he just have it send ? ellie too close to Halloween ? besides , any merchant will tell you if you go to the factory direct , you will cut you overhead ! if papa go there , then maybe they know some - oa thing I need to know . os challis ( skeptically ) maybe . ellie my father be not crazy ! and the sheriff can talk all year about a drug-craze lunatic run ber - serk and I still do not buy it . I be surprised anybody do . ( a pause ) I be not go : back to :l- A. until I find out what happen . .. maybe they can tell I something in Santa mira . challis eye she for a long moment . then : challis want some company ? CUT to : -_ a 50 51 52 53 54 22 . ext . sierra madre STREET - noon 50 challis be at a pay phone . in the background , see ellie 's car , a rent chevy . double park , ellie at the wheel . challis ( into phone ) look Linda , I can not get out of it -- I be really sorry - - aah , just a bunch of doctor talk about boring stuff -- Linda , take it easy !--- I will call you Monday --- I can not remember the name of the hotel - -- I have get to go -- ~' bye . he hang up the phone , grab a six - pack of beer perch on the phone booth , and hop into the car . it glide off into the California afternoon . pan with it and continue to : ... the show window of a appliance store . row and row of tv set . and on every one , the Silver shamrock mask be dance . the shamrock theme be play . the sham - rock voice be pitching : " glow in the dark ! only three more day ! buy one , be in on the fun !!! " CUT to : ext . freeway - day 51 ellie 's car roll past ... int. / ext . ellie' car - highway - day 52 ellie be drive , eat a apple and read the map at the same time . challis be sprawle across the seat , he head throw back , sleep soundly . ext . highway junction - day 53 the chevy swing off the highway onto a secondary road . ext . road to santa mira - day 54 the car pass a quaint-looking farmhouse and disappear around a curve . ry 55 56 57 wy 7 58 59 ext . ocean road - afternoon the car turn onto a lonely back road . distance be the ocean . int . / ext . ellie' car - afternoon ellie squint into the sunlight . ellie we be almost there ... challis ( waking up ) mmmmf ...hm ? ellie there it be . deep in the ellie slow the car to a stop . they both look out . there Pov - afternoon magic shot the sleepy little town of Santa mira sit nestle in roll field . Beyond it , a road lead off to the ocean , some mile away . back to scene challis stretch stiffly . challis that crappy little place be where - all that mask and commercial come from ? he settles .back.for another quick cat -nap . . amuse , ellie drive on . int . / ext . ellie' car 23 . look out the windshield , see a big truck round the curve ahead , need lot of room . it bear down on they . ellie hit the horn and steer the car onto the shoulder . 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 61a 62 63 24 . ext . curve road 60 the truck lumber past , narrowly miss ellie 's car , send it deep onto the shoulder of the road . int . car 61 we two be throw around a bit . ellie ( shouting ) jerk ! challis spin around , watch the truck . he Pov - through the back window 61a the truck , feature a Silver shamrock logo on its ' side and back , rumble around the curve and out of sight . ext . car 62 the car start onto the road again . another truck round the curve and roar out of town , again take all the road . ellie cough in the dust . challis welcome to Santa mira . ellie roll up she window and pull onto the road again . ext . '' santa mira outskirt - day . 63 the car round a curve and pass a large sign : welcome to santa mira , home of silver shamrock in the distance , see for the first time , the red - brick factory . smokestack . a huge Silver shamrock logo at the high part of the building . 64 65 66 67 68 69 ext . gas station / motel a old but pleasant - look gas station sit next to a tiny Motel . on the hill behind this sit the Silver shamrock factory . closer angle - gas station rafferty , the very irish -look attendant , stand beneath a sign bear the inscription : rafferty' deluxe his eye follow ellie 's car as it turn a distant corner . ext . santa mira town square - later afternoon ellie 's car pull into the town square . it roll along a row of store . most be close down . no one be on the street . ext. / int . car ( moving ) ellie and challis watch the storefront slide by . there Pov ( moving ) a desert storefront . a uniform shop ( factory garb in the window ) ; a neat and tidy little bank , " shamrock saving " ; a grocery , " shamrock store " ; and so on . here and there , at window and in doorway , ruddy irish face appear , take along look , then turn away . back to scene ellie I feel like a goldfish . challis company town . ellie irish company town . 64 65 66 67 68 69 -) 70 71 72 73 26 . wide shot - high angle ellie 's car reach the end of the row of building . it cross a railroad track , turn in front of a old church and swing back around , one block over . pan to follow , finally revealing a strange object in foreground : mounted up high on a rooftop , inconspicu - ous , be a small video camera . its servo-unit whir , follow ellie 's car as it pass . new angle - on STREET the car pull up and pause . boom down close as we two look up at something . there Pov - low angle the Silver shamrock factory loom overhead , bath in the golden light of the Autumn afternoon . back to scene ellie look a little spooky . challis what do you expect ? they make Halloween mask . ellie I be not ready for this . we need a plan . challis how about this : we drive down that road , ..get some more beer and .go 's to 's ' the’ beach . '' ellie I be serious ! challis all right , here 's one : we go back to that gas station and see if they know anything . we could pose as buyer . maybe even rent a couple of room at that motel ... ( look around furtively ) then we would have someplace to talk without the whole town watch . ( continued ) 70 71 72 73 73 74 27 . continued : 73 ellie good point . it 's get late , anyway . ellie wheel the car down the street toward the gas station . after a moment , a garage door in the factory slide open . a long , silver limousine purr into the street . its window be tinted ; no hint of who might be inside . it head off in the other direction . CUT to : ext . rafferty' deluxe - later afternoon to dusk 74 ellie 's car pull into the station . rafferty come over from the motel . now he be all smile , all charm , all irish . rafferty good evenin ' to ye ! fill ‘er up ? ellie please . rafferty aaah ... and another grand day it 's be in Santa mira , where the sun smile down and take care of its own ! he smile he way to the pump . ellie ( under she breath ) you have get to be kid ... challis welcome to Santa mira . Dublin West . rafferty ( come back ) just pass through ? ellie no , I - - uh , my husband and I -- ( continued ) 7 74 28. continued : 74 a surprised look from challis . ellie ( continue ) - 7 - own a toy store and we have come to pick up some more mask . rafferty ah , and beauty they be , too ! challis get enthusiastically into the act . he lean forward and slide he arm onto ellie 's shoulder . challis you can say that again ! selling like hotcake , too ! rafferty ( genuinely pleased ) gocod ! good ! challis say , pardner . d' you know whether there 's a vacancy next door ? my wife and I need a place to stay . he smile a " husband " kind of smile at ellie , who try not to crack up . rafferty you have come to the right place . ( fishing in he pocket ) I own the motel , too ! well , rent it , really . Mr. cochran own it , of course . he own everything around here . but he do not try to tell I how to run my business , and I do not try to tell he : how to run he . you see ? it ' all work out ! now ! here we be ... he hold out a room-key , dangle from a large green plastic tab . CUT to : 7 75 76 of 7 77 é 78 29 . int . motel room - dusk 75 the door open , flooding orange light into a small but tidy room . rafferty come in , switch on lamp and fluffing up pillow on the lone double bed . rafferty here ' tis . it 's cozy and it 's quiet . ( step into the bathroom ) the shower 's a good one ... hear a blast of water , a clatter of pipe . challis lean in close to ellie . challis {softly ) keep he happy for a minute . challis leave . ext . motel 76 challis hurry over to the motel office . back to motel room - new angle 77 rafferty come out of the bathroom . rafferty no bag ? ellie er... well , the trunk be stick . ( as rafferty go outside to help ) my husband know how . to do it , but . uhe go . to register ... ext . motel 78 rafferty head toward the trunk of the car . rafferty get the key ? ( continued ) ) 78 79 80 81 82 30 . continued : ellie come over , steal a glance toward the office . she pull out a key ring with a dozen or so key . ellie ( feign stupidity ) I think it 's this one ... int . motel office challis be leaf hurriedly through the guest register . he find something of interest . insert his finger run down the list of name and find a signature : harry S. grimbridge , sierra madre , ca. oct. 20 . ext . motel parking lot the trunk pop open . rafferty smile . ellie my goodness ! it certainly be not stick anymore , be it ? there be one small overnight bag in the trunk . rafferty grab it . rafferty Light packer , be not you ? ellie we have have a lot of practice . v rafferty start inside with the bag . he hear a car and turn . rafferty why , there 's Mr. cochran now ! he wave and smile enthusiastically . angle on road the long silver limousine glide by slowly . 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 31 . limo' Pov ( through dark glass , moving ) 83 see from inside the limo : ellie stand , rafferty wave . angle on ellie 84 she watch the car go by . rafferty head inside with ellie 's suitcase . rafferty great man , conal cochran . a true genius ... ' 2 nd limo Pov ( moving ) 85 again from behind the dark glass , this time tight on ellie 's face . she watch intently . ext . wide angle 86 the limousine tail away , past a large winnebago just pull into the motel . the vehicle be do up in loud color . recreational gear be stack on top ; a boy 's bicycle be strapped to the grill . ext . motel 87 challis come out of the office and along the walkway next to the room . the winnebago blast to a skid stop just in front of challis . the bicycle flop onto the ground at he foot with a crash . from somewhere inside the van come a cry of distress : li'l ' buddy ( off-screen ) daddeeeee ! !! challis set the bike upright . a portly man step from the driver 's seat . buddy kupfer . fortyish . buddy ( into winnebago ) aaah , it do not hurt it ! ( more ) ( continued ) ) 87 32 . continued : 87 buddy ( continue ; come around to challis ) hey ! sorry about that . glad it do not hit you , and a great big " thank you " for pick it up ! you all right ? he thrust out he hand . buddy 's not a bad sort of guy ; just a little obnoxious . challis shake he hand and start to pass . challis no problem . buddy buddy kupfer . San Diego . that 's my wife , Betty -- betty kupfer , a perfect match for buddy , wear a bouffant hair - do , climb out , follow by a miniature buddy , li'l buddy ( 12 ) . buddy ( continue ) -- and right there 's little buddy ! it 's like the mickey mouse Club feature overweight suburbanite . betty please to meetcha . li'l buddy be my bike bust ? li'l buddy runsto he . bike , hop on - it ' and ride off . betty ( screeching ) do not you dare go in the street ! you hear I ? challis I have get to go ... he back away , be meet by rafferty . ( continued ) 33. 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 rafferty let 's check you in now , sir . challis I fill it out . there 's forty dollar under the blotter . that cover it ? rafferty yes ! thank you , sir ! have a pleasant stay . ( turn to buddy ) Mr. kupfer , I presume ? you room be wait . buddy o.k. , now this be a freebee , right ? I mean , we could always stay in the r.v. if we need to -- challis reach he door and linger there , listen . rafferty I assure you , sir , Mr. cochran of ) have take care of everything ! buddy well that 's great ! ( to Betty , rummage in the back of the winnebago ) honey , it 's a freebee ! betty ( off-screen ) what ? challis step into he room and close the door . 88 int . motel.room - dusk . 88 challis lean against the door for a moment . ellie be sit neatly on the bed . challis this place be a zoo . ellie I see cochran . his car , anyway . 3 ( continued ) 88 89 34 . continued : . 88 challis you be right . you old man stay here on the 20th . ellie ( stand ) bingo ! then we hit the factory first thing in the morning . ( head toward the bathroom ) I be go to take a shower . - o.k. with you ? challis sure . ellie what I mean be , this bathroom be so tiny , I would like to undress out here -- challis oh ! I will get some air . {at the door ) listen , if it would make you more comfortable , I can sleep in the ear . it 's softer than this floor anyway -- ellie ( softly ; come over ) no , no , no ... she touch he cheek . then she plant a tiny kiss there . eliie ~ ( continue ) I ' think we can do better than that ... challis think this , too . the ice be break . he watch fondly as she cross toward the bathroom unbuttone she blouse . he go out . CUT to : ext . santa mira - dusk to night 89 challis enter the street at one end , walk toward the only storefront which be light up . a neon sign advertize " liquor . " another one , " Beer . " o 90 91 92 35 . int . motel room / bathroom - night 90 the bathroom door be open . see ellie in the shower through ripple glass . she finish she shower and step out , grab a towel . freeze with this scant cover , she run to the bed , grab the bedspread and wrap it around herself , shiver . ext . santa mira = dusk to night 91 the last hint of daylight leave the sky . mercury - vapor light flicker 's on here and there . challis come out of the liquor store carry a bottle in a paper sack . he head back the way he come . ext . motel alley - night 92 challis head down the alley in back of the motel . suddenly a figure loom up out of the darkness beside he ! challis jump back , startle . he drop the bottle , but it do not break . starker Ho , mister ! do not mean to scare you . I just see that bottle of you and and think it look pretty heavy . challis pick up the bottle and say nothing . starker ( continue ) i. be not get no disease , and I wager I keep myself as clean as you do . how about a drink ? challis hand over the bottle . starker lean into it , take a good long pull . his face catch the light . it be a old face somehow , even though the man could not be more than forty . starker wear a brimm hat and a rag sport jacket . he be the local bum . ( continued ) 36 . 92 continued : 92 starker ( continue ) mmmm ! God damn . thank you . he hand the bottle back . start to move on . challis hey . you know anything about this big wheel name cochran ? starker ( snort ) huh ! do I know anything ? ( drip sarcasm ) why he make Santa mira what it be today ... a dry - up little pile of nothing ! use to be a pretty nice spot . good people . not any more . he buy them all . every one of ‘em . except I . I do not have anything to sell . ( a pause ) I try to get a job in he place . let I tell you something . he bring in every damn one of they factory people from the outside . you think he would hire I ? local boy ? no way . turned I down flat . so I make my money the hard way . you do not have a dollar you could spare , do you ? -) challis search he pocket , find a dollar . starker take it , borrow the bottle again . starker ( continue ; another slug ) mmm !. god..damn ... thank you . ~ . . ( hand the™bottlé back ) '' all I can tell you mister , be watch out . see the tv camera yet ? he 's watch you , friend , I guarantee you that . ( suddenly shouting ) hey cochran ! fuck you ! . challis take it easy -- starker stagger a step or two . @ ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 96 37 . continued : . ( 2 ) 92 starker it 's all right . do not matter to I . he 's probably listen . and if he be , I get one thing to say : this be the last Halloween for that lousy factory of he . they be pull some wild shit in there , I have hear rumor ... ( wander away ) +-. this year I be go ' get I about a case and a half of molotov cock - tail , mister ... burn that sumbitch right down ... last Halloween for they ... challis watch the man wander off down the alley . he move off the other way . CUT to : int . the motel room - night 93 challis knock , come in . the light be low , romantic ; ellie be brush she hair by the heater , still drape in the bedspread . a small portable radio be play . challis have find some ice outside . he set every - thing down , make himself a drink while he watch ellie . she brushes she hair and watch he back . ext . railroad trestle - night . 94 starker come along , whistling . the trestle be thirty foot high . its dark timber cut zig - zag pattern . in the-night . sky . new angle 95 through the timber , on starker walk , whistling . closer angle 96 starker stumble , walk on . 97 98 99 100 lol 102 38 . closest angle 97 starker approach camera . suddenly a harsh bright light bathes he face ! starker huh ? starker' midsection 98 two black - glove hand appear from behind and clamp starker 's arm to he side . whap - whap ! flashlight / starker' face 99 a powerful flashlight be shove up close to starker 's face . it be hold by a black - glove hand . scrutinize . starker ( suddenly sober ) hey fella , I be just kid ! you know that , do not you ? kidding ! high angle - on starker 100 wham ! he be force suddenly to he knee .by the man in back . the man in front drop the flashlight into the weed . this man , see dimly , be wear neat gray suit . like the other assassin . int . motel - night 101 High angle look down onto the bed . ellie recline languidly into frame , . let . the bedspread , fall away . challis follow , head and hand on she stomach . kiss . the radio music be perfect ... back to starker ( flashlight on the ground ) 102 a closeup . the black glove reach in and grab he firmly around each ear . the hand begin to tug . starker 's neck begin to stretch ! starker try to scream ! we , 103 104 105 39 . motel 103 ellie and challis make love . wide angle - the railroad trestle 104 backlit by the flashlight , the three figure be nothing more than abstract silhouettes as ... the man in front give a sudden heave and pull starker 's head off . dissolve . to : int . motel room - later 105 Dark and quiet now . challis and ellie lie quietly in each other 's arm . Radio play softly . dolly in . then ... the commercial come on : " two more day to halloween , halloween , halloween -- " it 's too absurd . laugh in disbelief , challis snake out he hand and shut it off . ellie ( lazily ) it 's late ... challis it 's early , you mean . get some sleep . ellie hey . challis yeah ? ellie I would not have try all this if you have not come along . ( a pause ) thanks . they kiss and settle in for sleep . dissolve to : 106 107 108 109 40 . int . motel - morning ~ different angle 106 challis be sprawle across the bed , he arm dangle to the floor . ellie wake up frown . she look at she watch on the night table . ellie damn ! ( hold she nose , talk announcerese ) Calling Dr. challis ... call Dr. challis ... ( see he stir ) it 's already past noon . challis the doctor be not in right now ... ellie ( kissing he ear ) no ? he open one eye and wrap he free arm around she . she smile and roll against he . CUT to : ext . factory loading dock - day 107 ( closeup - silver shamrock clock ) 3:30 on the clock . ellie 's car pull up and we two get out , still look sleepy . ext . factory - day 108 challis and ellie walk up to a door mark " office . " they : go inside . int . factory office 109 we two go down a short hallway and into a neutral office area . on the far wall be a large Silver shamrock logo . above it hang a photo-portrait of a silver - haire , fatherly - look gentleman ( cochran ) . a broad counter divide the receive area from the office area , where a handful of office worker go about they business . ( continued ) o 109 4l . continued : 109 a woman be at the counter , heatedly talk to the head secretary . marge guttman be in she thirty ; a little brassy , a wide , quick smile . she be not smile right now . marge -- well I just do not see any excuse for it ! I call my order in day before yesterday ! they say it would be ready ! secretary madam , please calm down -- marge I have get a business to run ! if you think I be go to stay here tonight just because somebody shuffle the wrong papers then you get another think come , sister ! secretary I assure you we be do what we can -- marge well try to do it just a little bit faster , all right ? the secretary turn to ellie and challis . a rosy smile pop onto she face . marge scowl and light up a cigarette , puffing at it furiously . secretary May i.help you ? ellie yes . I - - my father put in a order last week . something 's go wrong . we never receive it . secretary what firm do you represent ? ellie grimbridge 's , Sierra madre . ( continued ) od be ) 42 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 secretary just a moment . the secretary move off toward a bank of file cabinet . marge {to ellie ) good luck . they mask may be fabulous , but they be not too swift up here . ( tapping she temple ) I be go to have to stay here tonight , I just know it . in that cruddy motel . it 's the only place within fifty mile . the secretary return with a yellow form . secretary there must be some mistake , dear . we record show that Mr. grim - bridge himself pick that order up on the 2lst . here 's he signature ... ellie scan the slip . ellie well . er-- thank you . do you -- remember that transaction ? secretary as a matter of fact , I do ! he be in a hurry , like -- ( a glance at marge ) ~-- like everyone else , this time of year .. elieve .. Red - help 's he load he '' car . " . ellie Red ? secretary yes . would you like to speak with he ? she hit a button on the counter . immediately , too immediately , a red -headed man come through a door in back . ( continued ) og 109 continued : 43. ( 3 ) 109 secretary ( continue ) Red , this people lose a order . do you load this one ? red ( scan the sheet ) sure do . last week . man in a old green station wagon . ellie that 's right ! do he say where he be go ? red no.ma 'am . he head out to the north , though ... I remember that . ellie . ( disappointed ) thank you . she turn away . secretary be you go to make another order , mar 'am ? ellie no. ( to challis ) let 's go . there be a commotion in the hallway . buddy , Betty and li'l buddy kupfer burst in . they be dress in they Sunday best . buddy wear a smile as big as Texas . buddy well ! how you doin ' ? ( to secretary ) buddy kupfer and family ... ( proudly ) -- here to see Mr. cochran . secretary ( beam ) yes , Mr. kupfer ! welcome ! i'11 tell Mr. cochran you be here ! ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 4 ) 109 marge tell he I be here too , lady ! tell he I would like some service ! the secretary move off . li'l buddy whenna we get to see them makin ' the mask ? buddy Real soon , little buddy , real soon . betty I be hungry ... ellie ( to challis ) I have have enough . let 's get out of here . challis wait a minute ... there be a stir at the back of the office . the typewriter fall silent . a door open and in walk conal cochran , a incredibly kind look gentleman in a blue suit , white shirt and red tie . he be follow closely by two young irishmen with rather blank face , also in suit , this of gray . the effect be of legitimate , wealthy , corporate ower . but the gray suit be familiar . last night . starker 's killer ! cochran move easily through the office and up to the front counter . his voice have a irish lilt to it . * : 7 cochran so this be buddy kupfer , and he lovely family ! ( to the room ) my friend , Mr. kupfer have sell more Silver shamrock mask this year by far , than anyone else on earth ! the office worker break into applause . cochran reach out for buddy 's hand . buddy be speechless , ( continued ) 45 . -_ 109 continued : ( 5 ) in total awe of cochran , button-burstingly proud . Betty beam ; li'l buddy pick he nose . cochran ( continue ) Silver shamrock like to do a little something special for its champion salesman each year , and that 's why 4 you have be invite here . I hope you stay be a merry one , so I do ! : buddy ( move ) ' thank you ! thank you sir ! , again , the applause . ellie and challis exchange glance . it 's a little bit strange . cochran ; suddenly fasten he gaze on they , and on marge . cochran 1 and to my other friend , Ms. ) guttman , correct ? -— ' he go to marge , kiss she hand ; she be instantly win over . he turn to ellie and challis . o cochran . ( continue ) i -- and Mr. and Mrs . -- challis Smith . cochran ( amused ) Smith ; of course --- my apology for the confusion and the delay . i i. know you understand . i ( a emphatic nod from marge ) it 's the season , be not it ? but since you have lose time , and probably money through no fault of you own , I want you to know that you may take delivery of you full order absolutely free of charge . it 's on I . marge gasp . the office- worker applaud again . ( continued ) 109 " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 46 . 109 110 111 continued : ( 6 ) 109 buddy ( reverently ; to Betty ) be he incredible , or what ? cochran and now , Mr. kupfer , a guide tour for you and you family . and of course , we other friend -- ( a sweeping gesture toward marge , ellie and challis ) -- with you permission . buddy oh , of course ! by all mean ! cochran shall we ? one of the graysuit hold open a door in the counter . one by one , the procession file through the office , past the beam worker and through the door in back . ellie and challis fall in and follow . int . the mask - work - day 110 look down a long , spacious room , see dozen of male and female maskworkers stand at long table , make the three Silver shamrock mask : witch , skull and jack-o-lantern . the place be strangely quiet ; just the dull presence of a large room . its light be constant ; day or night . we group enter through a door at one end . Little buddy .is - first ; he run - ~ ahead . new angle lll cochran take the lead , talk easily , enjoy himself . cochran -- the latex be heat and pour , then allow to cool in the mold . excess pour off , then it 's just a lot of detail , painting and package ... " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 47 . 112 113 114 montage 112 the process of maskmake be illustrate by a series of shot : Heating , pour , cool , trimming , painting -- cochran lead everyone through a small door at the other end of the factory . omitted 113 int . cochran' private quarter ( the display room ) 114 very low light . a series of display case . a wall full of monster mask . a door mark " private " . Little buddy dart through , ahead of the other . . he give everything a quick look , . then move on ahead , play with he computer game . the other enter and spread out , as if at a museum . here , a cluster of wonderful look mechanical toy . there , a display case full of gag novelty . buddy and challis find themselves group together . buddy oh , wow ... this be it . this be really it . Hall of Fame time ... challis what 's famous ? buddy you really do not know ? conal cochran ? the all - time genius of the practical joke ? he invent sticky toilet paper ! challis oh . buddy you must know the Dead dwarf gag . the Soft chainsaw ? all he ! challis ( phony reverence ) gee , I do not know ... ( continued ) '' halloween 3 " 114 continued : rev . 4/4/82 447a . 114 buddy he manufacture the best boomer cushion in the business . it make a great sound -- ( make bronx cheer ) -- really loud and convincing . the man have always pay attention to detail . mechanical toy , mask ... ( go to a mask ) look at that paint job . Boy , I be glad little buddy 's get a chance to see this -- ( bray ) little buddy !!! be sure and look at this STUFF !!! s'educational ... ( to challis ) : it 's a real shame Mr. cochran do not make this stuff anymore , but it be not pay off . take a lot of gut for he to cut he loss and find something with some profit in it . challis the mask ? buddy you bet . the Big Halloween Three . restrict the choice , lower the price , go for quality , simplify . saturation advertising . we a4 be on every major radio and tv station in the country ! it 's incredible ! . challis yeah ... it be . . buddy you know what ? by Halloween night , there will be fifty million Silver shamrock mask on fifty million head out there . that 's --- ( grop ) : that 's unprecedented ! great to be on a win team , be not it ? ( continued ) '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 47b . 114 114a 1148 continued ( 2 ) : 114 challis ( uneasily ) yeah . theyfollow the other through another doorway . int . cochran' private quarter ( the MAIN room ) 114a challis and buddy come around a corner into a spacious receive room . they stop and look . pan around . the beam office worker have gather here along with cochran marge and the other . a large cake and a punch bowl sit wait . decoration hang from the ceiling . cochran hold a large ceremonial plaque out to buddy . cochran buddy kupfer , it be my pleasure to present you with this year 's Silver shamrock Halloween sale Award . congratulation . buddy step forward , speechless . the office worker applaud . Betty beam . li'l buddy pick he nose . ellie back toward the display room . int . display room 114b ellie come in . the room be empty . she move quickly over to a door mark " private " . she open it . A. graysuit be stand there . look at she . ellie whoops . my mistake ... she close the door again . another darksuit separate himself from the shadow at the other end of the room . ellie ( continue ) have a nice day ... she head back toward the Main room . '' halloween 3 '' rev . 4/4/82 48 , 114¢c 115 MAIN room the office worker be make merry . buddy be shaking cochran 's hand . Betty fish in she purse and come up with a camera . she hand it to a graysuit , who obligingly snap a picture . cochran oh ! and one more thing ... ntake a envelope from he coat ) A. small token of my appreciation . he hand the envelope to buddy . there be a game - show sort of atmosphere prevalent as buddy open the envelope and gasp at what he see . a check . buddy five thousand dollar ! betty oh my God ... Betty throw she arm around cochran 's neck . more applause from the office-worker . marge join in . challis and ellie stand awkwardly to one side , stare at the spectacle , trading mystify glance . CUT to : int . the boxing area - day it be a spacious area where a few maskworkers stand , pack the mask in cardboard box . we - group :enter .and pass through ... cochran.:is. the center of the kupfer family 's attention : li'l buddy ride cochran piggy - back . buddy and Betty walk arm in arm , smile beatifically . li'l buddy I want a mask ! can I have a mask ? cochran just what I have in mind for you , my young friend -- li'l buddy ( point ) I want that one ! ( continued ) 114c 115 '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 49 , 115 116 116a continued : : 115 cochran ( laugh ) oh , no no no no no ! this mask have not be . through final pro - cess ! this way ... he move off . buddy what 's final processing ? ' everyone follow . ext . factory yard - day 116 there be a maze of activity here : yardmen and driver scurry about , move case after case of mask onto pallettes , onto truck , onto converyor , onto fork lift . load truck pull out of the yard , bound for the outside world . loading dock 116a cochran and the other come out onto the platform . they be surround by activity . a truck be load . ' it pull away . box be stack everywhere . cochran nod at one of the graysuit , who walk over to a stack of box outside a set of double door mark no admittance . there be something about the door , the entranceway , that seem sinister , forbid . the graysuit pick up one of the box here and tear it open . cochran , li'l buddy and buddy come over . the graysuit hand a jack-o-lantern mask to cochran . buddy point at the double door . buddy this final processing , Mr. cochran - - what be it ? cochran oh , a bit o' this and a bit o' that ... quality inspection , the seal of approval ... ( continued ) ) '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 49a. 116a continued : he show buddy the round Silver shamrock seal on the mask . then cochran turn to Little buddy . 116b li'l buddy / cochran in sharp foreground see the back of the mask as cochran pull it onto the boy 's head . the seal be clearly visible now , in its place at the base of the neck - flap . cochran survey li'l buddy with delight . the old man clap he hand like a child . li'l buddy run around ' scare ' people . buddy point at the door again . buddy ( to cochran ) so can we take 'a look ? cochran I be sorry . part of the inspec - tion process involved highly volatile chemical . I would hate to put anyone in danger . buddy oh sure . I understand . cochran I do hope you and you family will join I tomorrow for breakfast . we would like you opinion on some of we sale material . buddy my opinion ? ( flatter ) sure ! any time ! 117 new angle challis be off to himself , look the operation over . ( continued ) 116a 116b 117 50 . cy 117 continued : 117 ellie and marge have pair off to one side , watch in the distance as cochran make some point to the other . marge what a character . do you know he 's supposedly one of the richest man in the country ? and he get there sell cheap gag and halloween mask ... there 's hope for I . I also hear that he life here . right in the factory . ellie how strange . - what -- something catch ellie 's eye . 118 ellie' Pov 118 a forklift be drive into a dark garage . as the door be slide shut , see just a glimpse of a green station wagon ... ~ 119 back to scene 119 ellie 's eye widen . ellie that be my father 's -- marge huh ? ellie my god. she start run toward the garage . 120 on cochran 120 cochran see she first . he tilt he eyebrow and the graysuit run after she . 121 the other 121 challis , the other see she run . confusion . oy 122 123 124 125 126 the garage ellie be nearly there when the graysuit catch up with she . the car , ellie dammit ! she stop , check herself . back to cochran the car be -- he eye she with new interest . back to ellie she stop fight . they grab she firmly but politely . behind she , workmen busy themselves lock the garage . one of the graysuit point apologetically to a large sign above the garage door : admittance . " " stric ' tly no ellie compose herself and walk away from the garage , back to challis . ext . motel - sunset to darkness CUT to : the sun drop into the distant ocean , bathing the motel roof in brilliant orange for a moment , then darkness . int . motel room challis be pace . ellie . be perch on the bed , visibly upset . I see it . ellie I know challis I see it . then I think it 's time for the Marines . I be scared . ellie I think we should leave . ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 126 '' '' 126 127 ) 128 52 . continued : 126 challis all right . I have get no objection to that . let I go call the sheriff back home first . he can put we on the right track . this place fall under somebody 's jurisdiction -- ellie hurry ... challis go out the door . ellie follow . ext . motel - night 127 challis hurry to the office . ellie linger near she car . marge ( off-screen ) Mrs. Smith ? Mrs. Smith ! ellie remember she alias and spin around . marge be stand in the doorway of another room . ellie come over . marge ( continue ) I just have to talk to somebody . May I show you something ? she lead ellie inside . int . marge 's room - night 128 like the other motel room , only a different color . marge. hold up a. disfigure witch -mask . . marge I sit this on the radiator . Dumb thing to do . it ruin the mask -- but then this little logo thing , the Silver shamrock trademark , you know , it come off in my hand . and there 's something very strange about it ... she hold it under the desk - light , the only light source in the room . 129 53. insert - silver shamrock trade - seal - extreme closeup 129 the front of the seal . then marge 's hand turn it over . on the back , plant dead center , be a micro - chip , visibly complex and colorful . marge ( continue ) know anything about electronics ? ellie no . marge seat herself at the desk . marge well , all I know be , this thing be incredibly complex and sophisticated . what I do not know be , what do it ‘do ? what be it for ! and why be there one on each and every Halloween mask ? ( gesture at a pile of mask on the bed ) I do not get it ... ellie fight off a wave of dread and fear . ellie perhaps my --husband might know more about this . I will get he . marge great . and see if you can round up some battery . this be too weak . she hold up she transister radio . she have pull the battery out of it and stack they on the desk . ./ ellie ee ! & battery ? marge Hell , I do not know what I be do . think maybe I could get it to lay , or light up , or whatever it 's suppose to do -- ellie marge , be careful . ( continued ) 129 130 131 132 54 . continued : marge oh , believe I , it 's probably some stupid mixup . I tell you before , at the lower level of that organization , they be just out to lunch . ellie I will be right back . ellie hurry out . marge turn to the trade-seal ... int . motel office - night challis be on the telephone , grimace . challis well try again ! thank you . ellie come in . ellie any luck ? challis not so far -- wait a minute -- ( a beat ) hello , sheriff ? Dr. John challis . yes . we have get something here ... marge' room marge put on she read glass , study the trade - seal , pick up the battery ... suddenly pull . a‘hairpin.from*her-hair . . ' she begin to ' bend and twist it against ' the battery : = back to motel office challis ( into phone ) all right . we will do that . thanks . after we get to leytonville . right . anything else ? 129 130 131 132 55 . - 133 marge . 133 . marge bite she lip in fierce concentration . Hair - pin , battery terminal ; the trade - seal slip from she finger . marge damn ! she try again , blink fiercely to clear she vision . 134 insert - marge' hand ( sfx ) 134 marge 's hand push the battery - charge hairpin against the trade - seal . there be a tiny sound and a tiny spark . 135 closeup - marge ( sfx ; optical ) . 135 a small , brilliant light emanate from the trade - seal . suddenly a blind streak sear from the seal of directly into marge 's forehead !!! 136 motel office 136 challis hang up the phone . challis odd ... ellie what ? challis . '' he say there . be 's a mixup of some kind . the body of that man who burn up in the parking lot ... ' they examine the wrong specimen . 4 get he mix up with the dash - board or something -- all they have be a big pile of silicone . ellie can this wait ? what do he say about the police ? e ( continued ) o 56 . 136 continued : 136 challis he say to get the hell out and phone it in from leytonville . ellie I think we should tell marge . she 's uncover some kind of microchip on every mask . it 's the strangest thing ... they go out . ' 137 ext . marge' door - night 137 marge 's door be slightly ajar . there be a strange sound come from within , a faraway , barely - human wail ... we two come across the parking lot on the run , ellie in the lead . she pause at the door . ellie marge ? they go inside . 138 int . marge' room - night . 138 sitting in the chair by the desk be a live horror that be formerly marge . the desk lamp lie on the floor , overturn in the first convulsion . her eyeball be the color of blood , the pupil go . her mouth be wide open , distend . forward and tear 's rag by the blast exhalation that have actually nap off eth - and . - render lip . into.stréaming oo ae be lament : and : from this '' open . come ' the steady , : subhuman shriek ... tiny rivulet of blood seep from she pore ; she be still wear she glass . the frame have melt from intense heat . they droop on what be leave of she nose . there be no intake of breath , just the dreadful exhaust - roar of she tatter voice . on and on and on ... ( continued ) oy , 138 139 140 141 57 . continued : 138 for moment , challis and ellie can only stare in horror . ellie 's hand fly up to she own face , pull at she skin . ellie dear God , dear God ... ext . motel - night 139 challis race out of marge 's room . camera panaglide with he along the darken motel room . he stop at buddy 's door . knock . challis buddy ! no answer . challis quickly move on . up to the office door . he bang on it furiously . and glance over he shoulder . Pov - the factory 140 across the street , the factory . light on . ext . motel office 141 rafferty open the door . look out at . challis . challis get a ambulance . : rafferty what ...? challis there 's a woman down there -- she 's have some kind of ... seizure or something ... rafferty seizure ? ( continued ) 58. 141 continued : 141 challis she 's be -- for God 's sake , man -- rafferty bad , be she ? challis just get help ! challis start back toward marge 's room . rafferty there 's no hospital . challis what ? there must be ! rafferty only the clinic , that 's all . over in White Springs . about fifteen mile . that 's all there be -- challis call they ! 142 int . marge' room 142 ellie stand near marge . stare at she . the fierce hiss wail have die away , as if marge 's condition have go into a secondary phase . her body be still rack with a steady shudder but it be less violent . faint , formless croak come from she throat . close - on ellib go a ee ee ab stare . 144 ellie' Pov - marge 144 something move at marge 's mouth . two small , arachnid - like leg push they way out through marge 's lip . 145 146 147 148 149 150 59 . on ellie speechless . horrify . close on marge a_small , glisten spider crawl out of marg mouth ! on ellie she turn and bolt for the door . ext . motel ellie slam directly inte challis outside the door . ellie John ... look at she mouth ! rafferty amble up . they look in the door . Pov - marge' room - marge in chair marge sit motionless now . look dead . the spider is_gone from she ruin lip . ext . motel rafferty peer in at . marge . and react , but not quite as sharply as we might expect . rafferty whatever do it ?.. burn ? it must have be - burn -- . challis have you ever see anything like this before ? rafferty a couple . from the factory . they say it be chemical poisoning ... ellie no , no ... this thing come out of she mouth ... ( continued ) 145 146 147 148 149 150 oo 150 151 152 60 . continued : 150 rafferty look around . rafferty not to worry . they be already come . challis and ellie turn . Pov - the factory 151 several car emerge from the factory . they move quickly toward the motel . ext . motel 152 rafferty they '1l take care of she . better than bouncin ' she all over the countryside ... challis be you go to call that ambulance ? rafferty I be tell you , she will be in better hand ... challis then I will do it . rafferty ( shrug ) phone 's in the office . challis ( to ellie ) get you thing . Quick . challis and ellie move off . leave rafferty by marge 's door . rafferty it 's a company town . they provide everything ... 153 154 155 6l. int . motel office 153 challis stride into the dark room . up to the phone on the counter . a tv set be on in the darkness . a Silver shamrock commercial be on . the dance mask figure . jingle singers ( v.o. ) two more day to halloween two more day , two more day keep you eye on the tv screen ... challis pick up the phone and dial . behind he in the b.g. we see the car from the factory pull into the motel parking lot . challis ( into phone ) Operator , this be a emergency . a click on the line . recorded telephone voice ( over telephone ) I be sorry , but we cannot complete you call as dial . please hang up and dial again . this be a recording . - challis punch the cradle . dial again . the light from the factory car swish through the office window . recorded telephone voice {over telephone ) I be sorry , but we cannot complete you call ... challis slam down the phone . challis ' Pov - na jack-o-lantern mask 154 in the darkness of the room , a jack-o-lantern mask lie on a chair . challis ' hand reach in and grab it . ext . motel 155 challis step out of the office . walk quickly down toward marge 's room . ( continued ) eee ° " halloween 3 ' " rev , 4/4/82 62. 155 156 157 continued : 155 several car have pull in . graysuit and technician get out and converge around marge 's room . ( we will see more of the technician later . they be dress some - what like doctor . ) rafferty point inside marge 's room . int . challis ' room 156 ellie be throw thing into she suitcase . she 's ery . terrify . challis forget it . just bring the car key . ext . motel 157 challis move from he room down to marge 's room . several technician carry marge out of she room on a stretcher . they move she quickly into a dark van . the van pull away from the motel just as the long cadillac silently pull in . cochran get out . one of the graysuit come over . graysuit ( softly ) we have a misfire . cochran nod to he , then move to challis . cochran even , mister Smith ..... I be : sure 2 '' everything will be fine : '' sorry : ~ 5 for any alarm this may have -- challis what be this ? challis hold up the jack-o-lantern mask . point to the Silver shamrock seal on the back . cochran ( smile ) the seal of approval . be not you listen today ? ( continued ) i) qo '' halloween 3 " 157 continued : rev . 4/4/82 63. 157 challis it 's full of micro-electronics . and somehow it kill , do not it ? cochran mister Smith ... challis it blow up in marge 's face ... go off , do whatever it do . but you have see what it can do before , have not you ? challis toss the mask at cochran . it slap against he leg and drop to the ground . cochran smile a benevolent , innocent smile . cochran mister Smith , you have be under some strain , I - can see that . now if you will come with I to the factory , I will show you the entire process . I think you will see - - challis you be put this thing in the hand of child ! why ? cochran I will show you . challis back away . challis no thanks . not until I get a few people I know to come with mee we challis start back toward he room . cochran have it you own way , mister Smith . and it look as though you will . challis ( over he shoulder ) and the name be challis . ( continued ) " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 64 . 157 158 159 160 161 continued : cochran oh . I quite like Smith . what a pity ... cocran walk back to the cadillac and get in . the graysuit and technician move to they car . rafferty slip away . the car begin to pull out . ' two car lag behind . . int . challis ' motel room challis step in . ellie be go . the room be empty . the suitcase be still on the bed . challis ellie ? silence . challis move to the bathroom and peer inside . empty . challis ellie ! ext . factory - night we can just make out ellie in one of the car that glide back into the factory . she be jamme in the . back with two factory man . ext . motel - challis ' door challis rush out of the door . and stop . challis ' Pov - graysuit line up outside the room . six graysuit . gaunt , irish face . stare at challis . one graysuit , ( the assassin , we will call he ) stand forward of the other man . he be tower , granite - face . his eye be cold , steel gray . 157 158 159 160 161 —™ _f " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 65 . 162 int . challis ' room 162 challis back inside . quickly shut the door . lock it . then he turn and race into the bathroom . 163 int . bathroom 163 challis slam the door behind he . and move for the small window above the bathtub . 164 int . challis ' room 164 the front door blast in off its hinge . the graysuit rush into the room . 165 ext . rear of motel 165 challis squeeze out of the small bathroom window and plop down to the ground . he get up immediately and begin to run . camera glide with he . along the dark , muddy alley behind the motel . around the back of the gas station . challis race along . 166 challis . Pov :-. moving shot +. STREET : 9 ( + 8 0°0 166 : Factory car zip along the street toward the motel . o J 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 angle on challis ( panaglide ) down another alley . running with all he might . challis ' Pov - moving shot - end of alley camera hurtle along . ahead , at the end of the alley , several factory car pull up , block off challis ' escape . ext . MAIN STREET - store ( panaglide ) challis dash out of the alley and run along the main street . camera frantically careen along with he . close on remote tv camera the tv camera move slowly on a servo , follow challis . close on tv screen - infra -red image the infra-re image from the tv camera : challis run down the street into darkness . int . factory - corridor - night ellie be be lead along by several factory man . ext . MAIN : STREET - night Factory car blast around the corner . search for challis . angle on store several santa mira resident stand in front of . they store . watch the car roar by . stare after they . emotionless . 66 . 167 168 169 170 171 172 173. 174 175 67 . int . challis house - bedroom - night 175 Linda challis be fast asleep . the phone ring on the table beside she . she start confusedly in the double - bed she now occupy alone . linda ( into phone ) yes ...? who the ... John ! nsit up ) what do you want ? be this some kind of --? she listen with increase amazement . linda ( continue ) you be drunk ! I know you , John ! you have be drink all night and you ... she listen again . frown . shake she head . linda ( continue ) the Halloween mask ? the one I buy ? you want I to -- what ? Linda explode . linda ( continue ) mommie give they the mask , and daddy try tb take they away . it 's just the same old crap ! you be jealous because you know the child love I more than they love you -- you just go to hell ! . she slam the phone down . then , so as not to be disturb again , she take it off the hook . she look up . Willie , wear he skull mask as well as he pajamas , have come into the doorway . willie who be that ? linda nobody , sweetheart ... oo J 176 177 178 179 180 18l 68. ext . phone booth - night challis frantically dial again . a busy signal . he hang up , reach in he pocket for more change , plunk it in and dial another number . car headlight flash across the phone booth . challis turn . Pov from phone booth two factory car move ominously up the road . on challis challis quickly duck out of the phone booth and run into the darkness of the house along the road . the factory car screech to a stop at the phone booth . Factory man get out . stare up the street . Pov - road challis be go into the night . ext . factory - night the factory loom in the b.g. in close f.g. be another remote tv camera . it pan slowly around , search the night with its blank , infra-re eye . we '' boom ' down ' " to reveal challis hide directly underneath the tv camera , out of sight of the lens . as the tv camera pan away from he , challis run quickly into the shadow of the factory wall . the infra-re eye have not see he . close on factory wall challis ' face emerge from the shadow for a moment . in the b.g. more factory car race around the street . 176 177 178 179 180 181 " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 69 . J 181a new angle 181a challis hoist himself over the chain - link fence . he drop into shadow just as a factory car streak past . he hurry along the factory wall . dolly with he , past row and row of high window , past heavily bolt door . up ahead , see one of the window . open . just a crack . challis tiptoe to it , climb up and slither inside . 181b int . factory corridor 181b challis slip from the shadow and along the corridor . 182 int . the mask - work - on challis 182 challis peek from a doorway . 182a challis ' Pov 182a '' ) the mask - work . as before . maskworker work - silently . 182b back to challis .- 182b he fade back into the shadow .. 183 int . cochran' private quarter ( the display room ) 183 challis-enter . stealthily . Light from the display ' case . throw eery shadow .: on. the : wall as he pass . 183a int . cochran' quarter ( the MAIN room ) 183a a high angle look down . challis enter silently , survey the empty room , go back the way he come . pan over to a remote tv camera station nearby , point downward , toward challis . qo '' halloween 3 " 183b 184 185 186 the display room rev . 4/4/82 now challis turn to the door mark " private " -- the one try by ellie earlier . he open it a crack . int . cochran' quarter ( workshop / office ) cochran look around . the room be a spacious office , with a huge desk and chair . Beyond this be a large workbench , with tool and equipment of all kind . we be look at the workbench of a inventor . toy , model train , mechanical part , mask , musical instru - ment lie about . Dark and spooky ; eccentric . challis move through the place carefully , toward a pool of light around the corner to see : another desk . a antique desk lamp . seat at the desk be a old woman . huddle over a game of solitaire . her glove hand flip the card method - ically . angle on challis and old woman challis move up behind the cold woman . challis where 's the girl ? the old woman ignore he . flip the card . challis ( continue ) where be she ? in a burst of anger challis g ; : abs at she to pull she : around , ' make ‘her listen . 's and she arm come off in he hand ! close on old woman' shoulder the silk of she blouse tear . the whole shoulder joint be expose . tick inside ! a clockwork joint click and 69a. 183b 184 185 186 187 70 . on challis and old woman 187 challis stare in horror at - the arm he be hold . the finger be still move , still try to flip card that be not there ! now the whole body of the old woman tip sideways . it sway toward he . he grab it . the other hand be still hold the deck of card . she slip from she chair . challis struggle to get she back into it . now she head droops at a angle no head should be at . then the old woman slide to the floor . her head come right off ! and now , with a click , the mechanism cease to function . the old woman be completely still . challis stare in amazement . wham ! two hand grab he from behind and whirl he around ! the cold , emotionless face of the factory assassin stare into he ! challis slam a fist into the assassin 's midsection . absolutely no reaction . as if the assassin have not feel it . then suddenly challis be hurl across the room . he smashes into a bookshelf and flop to the floor . the factory assassin move for he . challis spring from the floor and tackle the assassin . they go careen around the room , . crashing into : every - . thing ; then finally sprawling tothe floor . : whack ! the assassin 's hand snap on challis ' face ! finger spread ! press into challis ' eye ! challis grab the hand vice on he face . but can not pull it off ! the finger close tighter ! challis raise he hand and plunge it downward ! 188 189 190 191 71 . close on assassin' stomach 188 into the assassin 's stomach ! and challis ' hand actually go in ! through the shirt into the flesh ! milky silicone spray out of the stomach ! challis rip he hand out . in he fist be a mass of micro - electronics , wire , chip , all cover with the milky silicone ! full shot 189 challis pull himself out of the assassin 's grip . he roll away across the floor . the assassin remain motionless . silicone pour out of he mouth . his arm still in the air . the finger still press inward . close on challis os 190 out of breath . stare . for a beat . then suddenly hand grab he ! factory guard pour into the office , pile on top of he , hold he down ! full shot 191 cochran step into the office . he look like a host hurt by the unforgivable behavior of a guest . he glance at the immobile assassin , then pick up the old woman 's head . cochran clumsy . this be a rare piece . german . make in munich , 1685 . I must try to get a replacement . my european agent ... perhaps ... ( it be real regret , something short of grief . now he come to himself again ) mister challis ... it 's be such a long night for all of we . '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 72. 191 192 193 continued : 191 cochran go to he desk , set down the head and pick up a black , ornament box . get himself a cigar . he stroke the lid of the box . cochran ( continue ) bog oak . from the bog of Ireland . do you smoke ? challis ( ignore this ) where 's ellie ? cochran Mrs. --' Smith ' ? why , I believe she 's rest just . now . challis move as if to get up . a graysuit hand slam he back into place . cochran ocontinue ; look at he watch ) it do not take you very long to get here , mister challis . it will be morning soon . Halloween morning . it 's go to .be a busy day for I . and for you too . you will recall I promise to show you everything . I always keep my promise sir , indeed I do ... cochran smile he warm , fatherly smile . cur to : ext . factory yard - dawn 192 the sun be come up . the factory yard look blue and cold in the morning glow . all work have stop in the yard . it look desert . loading dock 193 challis be escort outside by two graysuit , they hand clamp firmly on he arm . cochran follow . ( continued ) '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 73. 193 194 195 continued : 193 they cross the platform to the door mark no admittance . cochran take a key from he pocket and unlock the door . they go inside . int . inner sanctum ( entry , hallway ) 194 Old and rickety , like the exterior of the factory . cochran lead he troupe inside . we follow , through a dark hallway and across a anteroom . along the wall , stand stiffly , be the yardman . frozen . immobile . robot . cochran t'would be nice to work they around the clock . but the night air be bad for they ... cochran reach the top of a long flight of stair . cochran ( continue ) machine , mister challis . every one . except for you and I , of course . challis glance at the two graysuit hold he arm . no reaction from they . blank . emotionless . cochran ( continue ) but you figure that out last night , do not you ? he move down the step . the graysuit lead challis along . behind ' he . . int . high - tech elevator 195 a jarring change . Polished metal , modern lighting . cochran lead the other inside . the door slide shut . one of the darksuit push a button . darksuit go down . ( continued ) jo " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 195 continued : cochran smile at challis , amused . cochran convince , be not . they ? loyal and obedient . one of the darksuit hold out a pile of white garment to cochran . he seat himself and put they on over he shoe and hand . the other darksuit wrench a similar set onto challis ' hand and foot . they be the sort of thing find in dust - free laboratory , or germ - free clinic . cochran ( continue ) the surprising thing be that the internal component be quite simple to produce , really . the external feature take a lot longer to perfect , but in the end , it 's just another form of maskmake , the elevator lurch to a halt . the lighting go red . a blower from somewhere send air wafting through . challis ellie 's father . you send one of this out to kill he . cochran smile resignedly . challis ( continue ) then it destroy itself . no -evidence .to..lead . anyone back here to 's Santa mira ... _ cochran very good , mister challis . he be a very inquisitive man . downright -- nosy , you might say . cochran laugh at he own joke . graysuit Dust free area . no smoking . ( continued ) 74 , 195 '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 75 . 195 196 continued ( 2 ) : 195 a hiss , and the door slide open . darkness . challis be push into the hand of two more graysuit . cochran follow he out . the door close . int . inner , sanctum ( the big room ) 196 for a moment all be dark . then someone move . see light down below . cochran , dimly outline , move to a railing . we follow . cochran do you know anything about Halloween , mister challis ? a remarkable scene reveal itself . spread beneath we be a huge room , mostly in darkness . directly below , surround by high - intensity light , be a long rectangular stone , partially cover with protective material . technician be gather around it . at the other end of the room be a tightly - gather array of monitor screen and : console . ( the high tech area ) . several more technician be busy here . cochran ( continue ; almost in a whisper ) it be the start of the year in we old celtic land . we would wait in we house make of turf . the barrier be down , you see , between the real and the unreal . ~ the 's dead 's might . look : in ; to.sit by we bit of 's fire . hallowéen . the last great one be three thousand year ago . ( as if remember ) the hill run with the blood of countless sacrifice ... challis sacrifice ... ( continued ) " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 76 . 196 197 continued : 196 cochran one have to be ready . it be part of we craft . challis +..witcheraft . cochran you would call it that . to we it be a way of control we world . the only way . ( the smile ) I be talk , of course , about my ancestor ... cochran move along the catwalk . the other follow . cochran ( continue ) they never dream of this . the harness and store of power . even they alchemy could not do this . challis do what , cochran ? what be this place ? cochran I be surprised at you . you be do so well . but there we.are. , .. advanced technology be always magic to one who do not understand it . anda great . magician never reveal he secret . ( a chuckle ) come along , mister challis . there 's still time for you to figure it out ... cochran go down a flight of stair . floor area 197 they reach the . floor and - start across , pass . close to the stone , the technician , the light , the video camera . o " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 77 . 198 199 montage 198 technician . the rock . tool , chipping away at it . every chip be sweep carefully into container . a conveyer belt . parther along , a small assembly line . the Silver shamrock trade seal . hand assemble they . delicate , microscopic work . tweezers , caliper ; container of the stone chip . the mask . new angle 199 cochran , challis and the graysuit cross the floor . cochran ( gesture at the : stone ) from a ancient shrine . I imagine even you have hear of it . challis ( a whisper ) stonehenge ... cochran Devil of a time get it here . but , it have to be do . he turn to a stack of nearby case , stand at the end of a long conveyer belt . cochran ( continue ) it have a power in it , you see . a force . even the tiniest particle of . it ... . he reach into one of the case and pull out a handful of the Silver shamrock trade seal . cochran ( continue ) ..-. can be devastating . he toss the trade seal back into the box and pick up a skull mask nearby . he check it , make sure its trade - seal be on securely . ( continued ) oo jo '' halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 continued : cochran move on toward the high tech area . high tech area cochran come in . challis and the graysuit follow . cochran move over to a bank of video screen . some feature detail of the stonehenge rock ; some feature corridor and anteroom ; some be blank . cochran you ask about the girl ... he lean over and punch a button on a console . one of the blank screen roll and flicker . close on tv screen - ellie elli lie on a stainless - steel tavle somewhere in a windowless room . a darksuit stand nearby . back to scene challis lean down close to the screen , stare at ellie . challis where be she ...? cochran ( point at the screen ) why , she 's right in there , mister challis . ( chuckle ) by the way ... you friend miss guttman do not make it . sorry . he punch another button . another monitor flicker . close on tv screen - marge a scan shot , pan back and forth over marge 's body , cover by a sheet . omitted omitted 77a . 199 200 201 202 203 204 omit 205 omit $$ tt " halloween 3 " rev . 4/4/82 778. 206 back to scene 206 challis lean in . challis you kill she . just like you plan to kill every child in the -- cochran on no , mister challis ! you be ' mistaken ! not ' just like ' that at all . miss guttman be the victim of a misfire . the other ... ( glance at he watch ) but talk be cheap , be not it ? what you really want to see be a demonstration . ( smile ) what good timing we be bless with ! there 's one come right up ... he turn to another console , hit another button . - 207 ext , factory yard - day 207 buddy , Betty and li'l buddy walk through the factory yard . led along by several graysuit .- buddy clutches he travel bag . betty I can not believe there be more i prize . i buddy . well , .he want : my. advice.-on..some - ' thing . 's '' but '' i° gotta talk to the’ guy . his organization be really screwing I up . li'l buddy I be hungry . when be we gonna have breakfast ? betty in alittle while , honey ... ( continued ) 207 208 continued : li'l buddy I have to go to the bathroom . another guard let they into the " strictly no admittance " door . int . SMALL room - day a very plain , small room with three tv set place around . in the ceiling be another remote tv camera . buddy , Betty and li'l buddy walk into the room . the door close behind they . buddy be glower . li'l buddy clutches he jack-o-lantern mask . buddy ( pull papers from he travel bag ) know what this be ? my order for next year -- but they will not take them ! li'l buddy daddiee ... buddy you know the way I work . a long way ahead . not just next week , but next year ! betty okay , okay -- can not we just pick up this prize and go home ? buddy you have get to plan ! I tell they , you be squandering you money , all this last- minute stuff .on tv , just - planit ! but nol . " no ; Mr. kupfer , we do it we way ! " li'l buddy I be bored ... li'l buddy try turn on one of the tv set . it do not work . buddy ( ignore li'l buddy ) anybody would think this be the last Halloween ever ! ( continued ) 78. 207 208 SD 208 209 79 . continued : 208 betty buddy , I wanna go home ! buddy they be hold out on we ! they get brand - new mask all stashed away and they will not let we see a one of them ! I find that insulting ! I truly resent it ! you know what I get a mind to do --? suddenly the three tv set in the room blink on simultaneously . li'l buddy be startle . for a minute the screen be blank with static . then the final Halloween commercial appear . Dancing jack-o-lanterns . Children 's face . announcer ( v.0o . ; irish brogue ) time ! it 's time ! all that lucky kid with Silver shamrock mask , move close to you tv screen ! betty what 's this ? li'l buddy immediately respond to the announcer . he quickly pull on he mask and move up close to one of the tv screen . camera pan up to the tv camera in the ceiling . int . high - tech area 209 challis be watch a tv screen : buddy , Betty and li'l buddy stare at the commercial on the tv set . a grow terror come over challis . cochran also watch a monitor . a slow smile move across he feature . all the sound from the small room come over a speaker . a technician operate the control on a panel . challis glance at the various button the technician be push , then look back at the screen . ( continued ) 209 210 211 212 80 . continued : 209 betty ( v.0 . ) be this the famous prize they be go to give you ? buddy ( v.0 . ) no -- they would not do ... maybe they want we to give we opinion ... int . SMALL room 210 buddy and Betty watch one of the tv set . li'l buddy be rivete about four inch from he screen . betty what opinion ? buddy whether or not we like the final commercial . betty you say you think it be a waste of time -- close on li'l buddy 211 jack-o-lantern mask face up to the screen . the commercial roll . suddenly the tv screen flash ! a small brilliant light glow ! then the screen go black . ' and ' theh 's the '' glow again , '' flash on and ' off like a strobe light ! li'l buddy slowly raise he hand to the mask . on buddy and betty 212 the glow , flash light flicker on they face . ( continued ) gl . an 212 continued : 212 buddy now what be this ? they screw up the commercial . betty I think that this whole thing be just a big joke . 213 low angle 213 buddy and Betty stand across the room by a tv . suddenly li'l buddy lurch back into frame . stagger , sway back on he heel . his hand clutching the jack-o-lantern mask . he pitch forward on the floor . 214 int . high -tech area 214 challis . stare at the scene in horror . 215 int . SMALL room 215 ! '' buddy continue to watch the flicker tv screen . Betty turn around . betty li'l buddy ... and then she open she mouth . . not quite a scream . | a sort of speechless shock . 216 on li'l buddy 216 ! : ' li'l buddy .raise -up .. his hand up to the mask which : be now melting away from he face ! - his eye be two blood -re orb ! the skin around they red , blister and burst ! then li'l buddy pitch forward again ! 217 li'l buddy on floor 217 now li'l buddy lie on the floor . body twitching . and then , out of the mouth of the mask , a small , $ furry appendage . and then another . until a spider slowly crawl out ! 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 82. on buddy and betty 218 she scream ! buddy turn and see he son . on li'l buddy 219 something else emerge from the expel mouth : a_long black snake ! it glide evilly across the blood ; loor ! low angle - betty . 220 Betty move toward she son . something small and black and wriggle leap on she face ! close on betty 221 the spider hug she face ! she shriek in horror , and lurch backward ! the eight - legge thing sting she , again and again ! on buddy . 222 he do not know what to do first . grip in a paralyze fear . he move toward he son . on li'l buddy 223 out of the mouth come a lizard ! buddy and betty 224 buddy move then for he wife . Betty crumple to the floor ... the spider cover she face like a clutching hand ! . suddenly buddy scream ! and look down ! close on buddy leg 225 the snake have bitten into buddy 's leg ! it hold on , its tooth sink way into he flesh ! J X 83. 226 int . high -tech area 226 challis can barely look at the screen . buddy 's scream come over the speaker . cochran turn from he screen . cochran a plague be on they , Mr. challis . think of that in fifty million home ! all that little child in they mask in front of they tv set . buddy 's scream suddenly stop . silence from the speaker . challis look at the screen . 227 close on tv screen - SMALL room 227 buddy , Betty and li'l buddy lie on the floor . motionless . Dead . the tv set continue to flicker . 228 int . high - tech area 228 challis turn to cochran . challis why ? cochran it 's time again . the planet be in sisogy . it 's samhain . I be go to change the world tonight . forever . and you get to share in it . 229 on . challis . 229 just stare at cochran . ' the factory guard close in on he . dissolve to : '' ad 230 231 2 232 233 84 . halloween montage ext . residential STREET # 1 - day 230 a quiet , suburban , tree -line residential street . child dress in Halloween costume and Silver shamrock mask , carry bag of candy , walk along . superimpose : muncie , indiana int . toy store - day 231 tracking shot down a row of Silver shamrock mask . child stand behind a counter yelling and giggling and scream . clerk pull mask off the rack . camera move to a Silver shamrock display : a gyrate skull head . display voice ( v.0 . ) it 's Halloween tonight , kid ! get you Silver shamrock mask now ! ext . residential STREET # 2 - day 232 another residential street . more child in Silver shamrock mask . superimpose : dayton , ohio close on . tv screen 233 the Silver shamrock commercial . announcer ( v.0 . ; irish brogue ) it 's Halloween tonight , kid ! get you Silver shamrock mask and watch the big Halloween horrorthon ! 234 235 236 237 238 85 . ext . los angele skyline - day 234 the skyline of downtown Los Angeles . in f.g. child in Halloween costume move by . superimpose : los angele , california int . toy store - close on silver shamrock mask 235 the witch , jack -o-lantern and skull mask be be clean off a shelf . ext . residential STREET # 3 - day 236 more child . Silver shamrock mask . superimpose : bowling GREEN , kentucky ext . residential STREET # 4 - day 237 the sun be go down . child in costume . bag of candy . Silver shamrock mask . a large delivery truck move by . the Silver shamrock logo emblazon onthe side . a loudspeaker on top . loudspeaker voice ( v.0 . ) it 's Halloween tonight , kid ! watch the horrorthon with you Silver sham - rock mask ! and be by you television at nine o'clock ! '' superimpose : phoenix , arizona dissolve to : int . SMALL room - night 238 begin on a tv camera in the ceiling . move down to a clock on the wall . it read : 7:45 . ( continued ) 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 86 . continued : 238 then pull back to reveal a small , concrete- wall room . challis be securely tie in a chair . in front of he be a tv set . he stare numbly at the screen . " Halloween " be be show . cochran stand behind challis . holding a skull mask . he slip it over challis ' head . make sure the mask be secure . cochran happy Halloween , Mr. challis . cochran walk out of the room . close on challis 239 behind the skull mask , challis ' eye . they glance to the wall . close on clock 240 7:47 . int . SMALL room # 2 - niget 241 another concrete room . tv camera in ceiling . ellie be tie to a chair . in front of she be a tv set . close on tv set 242 the : movie " Halloween " Laurie strode walk across ° a dark street . spooky music . close on ellie 243 a witch mask be pull over ellie 's head . int . SMALL room - close on tv 244 " Halloween . " Laurie strode walk up to the wallace house . J 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 87 . on challis . 245 struggle in the chair . close on challis 246 through the skull mask eye-hole . challis ' eye . dart around . on the clock 247 7:50 . we pan up to the remote tv camera in the ceiling . int . high - tech area - night - close on tv screen " 248 on a tv screen : we see challis in the small room from ceiling level . on technician 249 he watch the screen . cochran walk up . glance at the screen . then walk away . the technician turn away to another console for a moment . int . SMALL room 250 challis stare at the remote tv camera for several beat . then at the tv in front of he . the theme from " Halloween " tinkle away mindlessly . in a rage challis lunge forward with the chair . his foot hit the base of the tv , toppling it . on tv 251 the tv set hit the floor ! the screen implode with a dull crack ! the glass on the front of the screen be shattered in large shard ! o 252 253 254 255 256 257 on challis stare at the shattered tv . then at the remote camera in the ceiling . then challis tip himself over . the chair slam down on the floor , a few foot away from the tv . int . high - tech area the technician have completely turn he attention to the console next to he . he do not see the image on he tv screen : challis , still tie to the chair , slide across the floor to the break set . int . SMALL room challis inch the chair up to the front of the tv set . he maneuver himself so that he tie hand be inch from the shard . close on tv set challis ' hand inch up to the break shard . finally he slip the rope around one large piece of glass . and begin rub the rope furiously on the glass . on challis he rub and tug and pull . finally the rope break ! _his hand - be free ! challis rip off the skull mask . look up at the remote tv camera . take careful aim . and lob the skull mask like a frisbee . on remote tv camera the skull mask land right on the lens of the remote camera ! 88. 252 253 254 255 256 257 N 258 259 260 261 262 89 . int . high - tech area 258 the technician finally turn back to he tv screen . it _is completely blank . technician I have a malfunction on camera 7 . int . SMALL room 259 challis have grab a shard from the tv set . he saw away on the rope still bind he foot . finally he rip they off . scramble to he foot . quickly move to the door . tries it . lock . challis look around the room . his eye stop . challis ' Pov - ventilator panel 260 a ventilator panel in the wall . on challis 261 he grab the chair and rush to the wall under the ventilator panel . int . high - tech area 262 cochran be seat at a desk . he be on the telephone . cochran _ ( into phone ) there . be a few we do not manage to.sell . . the odd fifty thousand . not many . ' but the report from we dealer be phenomenal . we have sell close to 150 million mask . the technician come up to he . technician Mr. cochran ... cochran wave he away . ( continued ) oo ) 262 263 264 265 266 267 90 . continued : 262 cochran ( into phone ) yes , phenomenal . and I just get a phone call from the network . they be project a 43 share for the horrorthon . ( pause ) yes , yes , I be delighted . ( pause ) that 's right . nine o'clock . I would not miss it . int . SMALL room 263 challis yank the ventilator panel out of the wall . he let it fall to the floor . in front of he be a large rectangular hole . behind it the aluminum heating duct . challis pull himself up into the hole . camera move to the clock on the wall . 8:11 . int . HEATING duct 264 challis crawl along through the heating duct . another angle 265 he round a corner . a ventilator panel . challis crawl up to it and peer out . challis 's Pov - thru ventilator panel - high - tech area 266 technician at they console . cochran seat at a desk talk on the telephone . int . HEATING duct 267 challis quickly crawl away . gl . oy 268 int . high - tech area 268 cochran ( into phone ) yes , yes , I will . thank you again . cochran hang up . the technician finally speak . technician Mr. cochran ... cochran yes . technician there 's a problem with camera 7 . 269 int . HEATING duct 269 challis come to a junction in the duct . two way to go . above he be a small access panel . he quickly open it up . 270 ext . roof of factory - night 270 oo challis emerge on the roof of the factory . he carefully replace the access panel . then he make he way across the roof . 271 another angle 271 challis stop . ahead of he be a revolve tv camera . challis press himself into the shadow , move off in the other direction . 272 on challis 272 he scamper across the roof , ducking down to avoid the view of another remote camera . finally he make it over to the edge . he flatten himself on the eave and lower himself over the side . +) 273 274 275 276 277 . int . high - tech area cochran and the technician be stand over a console . close on tv screen still blank . suddenly the image reappear : a guard rip the mask off the lens . we see the overturn chair . the shattered tv set . the ventilator panel on the floor . on cochran and technician technician we have lose he -- cochran not yet . cochran move over to another console . close on tv screen - SMALL room # 2 from the ceiling : a view of ellie tie to she chair . in front of a tv set . then we see the door open . and then we see challis dash in and start untying ellie ! on . cochran : he smile . cochran South corridor . the room spring to life . guard run for exit . technician move to they console . 92 . 273 274 275 276 277 93. J 278 int . SMALL room # 2 278 challis unty ellie . they dash out the door . camera move in on the wall clock . 8:26 ! 279 int . corridor : 279 camera panaglide with challis and ellie . they race down a corridor . full speed . 280 int . second corridor 280 wham ! challis and ellie burst through a door . start to move forward down the corridor . then stop . 281 there Pov - down corridor - guard 281 at the other end of the second corridor . factory guard race toward they ! 282 on challis and ellie 282 they turn down another hallway . camera panaglide after they as they run . 283 int . warehouse area - night : 283 camera hurtle along with challis and ellie . through a dark warehouse area . past stack of pack crate . . machine . weaving through crate and 's box . challis stop short . pull ellie down behind a large crate . just miss the view of a revolve tv camera in the ceiling . there be large tv monitor in every corner of the warehouse . 94 , 284 another angle 284 Factory guard pour into the warehouse area . at one end of the room be a large glass control booth . this be the high - tech area . stair lead up to a door in the booth . 285 int . high - tech area 285 a glass window look down into the warehouse area . cochran watch the guard search around . then he move to the door . 286 int . warehouse area 286 cochran emerge from the high tech area and start down the stair . 287 behind crate - challis and ellie 287 hiding . as the guard search . oy challis softly grab a large box lie nearby . he ss carefully pull open the top . 288 close on BOX - logos 288 the box be fill with the tiny trefoil logo ! 289 on challis and ellie 289 they look at each other . 290 on cochran and guard ~ 290 cochran and the guard move slowly past the machine and crate . box be overturn . cochran stop in the center of the room . 291 wide shot 291 the guard fan out . cochran remain in the middle . we catch a glimpse of challis and ellie move up the stair to the high - tech area behind they ! 292 293 294 295 296 297 95 . int . high - tech area challis and ellie dart into the high - tech area . before any of the technician can react , challis race to a console . close on console challis ' hand punch several button . try to find the right one . int . warehouse area suddenly the large tv monitor in the corner flash to life ! on each of they : the last tv commercial ! cochran spin around . look up toward the high - tech area . up angle - glass booth and catwalk challis and ellie race out of the high - tech area across a catwalk above cochran and the guard . on cochran cochran stop they ! suddenly the flash strobe light begin on the monitor ! camera push in . to cochran 's face ! cochran ( continue ) stop they ! up angle - challis and ellie on catwalk challis thrust he hand into the box , grab handfuls of logo ! he hurl they down ! 292 293 294 295 296 297 o ) ne 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 96 . close - tv monitor 298 the logo hit the flicker screen ! a spark zip , fire a micro-chip ! then another zip ! and another ! close on factory guard 299 a factory guard be hit with a micro-chip ! he instantly short -circuit ! silicone slime spray out of he mouth ! his body lock into a rigid position and fall to the floor ! up angle - challis 300 challis hold up the box and dump it over the edge of the catwalk ! on logos 301 the tiny logo tumble downward , raining , turn ! on tv monitor 302 the logo pass the screen . the spark be zipping everywhere ! on cochran and guard 303 the micro-chip find they target ! guard shudder and go rigid all around as the spark flash into they ! they tumble to the floor ! cochran stand for a moment , look up at challis . he seem almost impressed by the turn of the table . . something .close to a smile . cross he lip . and then he be cover with spark ! as if a swarm of fiery hornet . have cover he ! on challis and ellie on catwalk 304 the flash and sparking from below illuminate challis and ellie run away down the catwalk ! 305 306 307 308 309 on cochran 97 . cochran undergoe the most appall change . he seem to be swell to a monstrous size , tower above the fall guard around he . his head be bulgin ushing outward into some strange shape ! it continue to swell , melting , change , into the shape of a grotesque pumpkin ! then cochran collapse , a twitching heap on the floor ! Dead ! another angle the whole warehouse area be explode . spark catch on the pack insulation . there be flame now . ext . factory yard - night flame lick in the window of the factory . somewhere we hear a dull explosion . challis and ellie race across the factory yard . ext . road - night ellie 's car roar along the lonely road . int . ellie' car - night challis drive like a madman ... ellie be dissolve to : next to he in the ' passenger . seat ... challis . turn on the’ radio . announcer ( v.0 . ) +.- expect overcast sky and a 50 percent chance of rain through Monday . it 's presently 74 degree at 8:48 p.m. challis push down on the accelerator . ( continued ) 305 306 307 308 309 \) 309 310 311 continued : challis gotta make it to that gas station ! another five or six mile ... the Silver shamrock commercial come over the radio . jingle singers ( v.0 . ) it's almost time for halloween halloween , halloween take you mask to the tv screen tv screen , tv screen ... challis click off the radio . he glance over at ellie . she sit quietly in the seat . challis ellie , you all right ...? suddenly ellie turn to challis . a cold , blank expression on she face . there be just a beat . and_then she lunge for he ! her hand snap across he face like a steel vice ! her other hand grab the wheel of the car ! challis ( a shriek ) ellie ! ext . road ~ night the car swerve wildly along the road ! int . ellie' car challis and ellie battle viciously . he try to push she away but she strength be too much . she claw at he face . leave track of bloody flesh . challis slam at she face with he fist ! the blow register no impact ! her face be calm , emotionless ! 98. 309 310 311 jo 312 313 314 315 316 317 99 . close on steering wheel . 312 ellie 's hand yank the wheel hard to the right ! Pov thru front windshield 313 the car head right for a tree ! kawham ! ext . tree - night 314 the front end buckle - in like a child 's toy , the car thump down to the ground from the impact ! challis tumble out of the car , roll across the ground . he shakily scramble to he foot . on ellie 315 ellie emerge from the other side . stands up . and we see that one of she arm be miss ! but still the calm , even expression on she face ! on challis 316 his face freeze with horror ! he run to the rear of the car ! the trunk have sprung open . challis reach inside and grab a tire iron . but suddenly , from around the side of the car , ellie is_on he again , she single arm snapping out and lock on he face ! challis raise the tire iron ! and. slam '' it home ! right across ellie 's face ! with a whap ! on ellie 317 she stagger back stiffly . silicone spew from she mouth . 318 o 319 320 321 322 323 i 324 325 100 . on challis 318 move forward . raise the tire iron again . swing . on ellie 319 whang ! ellie spin around , she head cocked at a impossible angle ! then she fall face forward to the ground ! on challis 320 he stare down at she . on ellie - 321 motionless . eye open . from the tear joint of she severe arm pour silicone . and we can see elec - tronic slow , spin to a stop . on challis 322 challis slowly move back to the car . int . ellie' car 323 he slide in . put the car in reverse . tries to back it off the tree . but the car only grind and rock back and forth . challis start to slide back out . when ellie 's severe arm leap up from the floor ! close on challis 324 the finger cla around he face ! ext . car 325 challis tumble back out ! the arm stick fast to he head ! ( continued ) oo qo 325 326 327 328 329 lol . continued : he roll on the ground ! finally pull the finger off ! and hurl the arm away from he ! then challis scramble to he foot . challis ' Pov - ellie' arm the severe arm lie on the ground . the finger still move , claw ! on challis he turn away from the horror and race off into the night . dissolve to : ext . gas station - night challis , filthy and rag , race up to the gas station . he halt wearily at the sight of a man emerge from the light booth . but as Jones come nearer challis rush to he . challis gotta--use you phone ! it 's -- life and death -- jone sure , man ... do not I know you ? challis go totter into the gas station , follow by Jones . int . gas station - night it be minute later . challis be telephon and keep he eye on the small , batter tv set . it be show the last commercial . the sound be off . challis {into phone ; torment ) ... if it go out it mean the death of million of people ! everyone watch ! do you under -- then say it 's a bomb ! ( more ) ( continued ) 325 326 327 328 329 q 329 330 331 332 333 334 102 . continued : 329 challis ( continue ; into phone ; nearly weep ) no , I can not prove ...! you have get to believe I ! challis glance around for a instant . challis ' Pov - the station 330 Jones be in the doorway , watch he quizzically . and there be child , a couple of they , stand behind Jones dress in Halloween costume . each wear a Silver shamrock mask ! the tv screen flicker . the commercial vanish abruptly ! follow by a station signal : " we apologize for this interruption ... " on challis 331 relieved ! he reach to the tv set and click the channel changer . on tv . 332 the commercial ! but _a second later it too be cut off ! a card read : " stand by . " challis flip to another channel . the commercial be still there ! Dancing jack-o-lantern head ! on challis 333 challis ( into phone , frantically ) the third channel ... get it off the air -- get it off ! get it ...! challis ' Pov - child 334 in the doorway the child watch . now they move closer toward the tv set ! all of they wear they Silver shamrock mask ! o 103 . 335 on challis 335 camera move in on challis as he watch in horror . then the flash , flicker start from the tv , off-screen . the strobing light play across he face . glitter in he wild , terrify eye ! challis ( into phone , scream ) turn it off ! for God 's sake , turn it off now ! stop it ! ( to attendant ) turn it off ! stop it ! ( to camera ) stop it ! 336 black screen 336 end title .