hall pass written by Peter farrelly , Bobby farrelly , Kevin barnett &amp ; Pete Jones September 18 , 2009 fade in : ext . highway - night very late . all be quiet . then a batter mini - van blow by a row of hedge that have be prune to read : ' welcome to cape cod . ' a moment later a flashing cop car fly by in hot pursuit . int . mini - van - same the windshield be gone and the wind blow back the hair of two beat-up -looking men . the driver , fred searing , 40 - ish , have a look of determination and resolve on he chunky face , despite the black eye and blood - stained tissue dangle out of he nose . the nervous passenger be rick mill , 38 . rick pull over , man ! fred no way , I can out - run them ! rick no you can not -- not in this thing ! another police cruiser fishtail out of a side STREET and join the chase . rick ( cont 'd ) oh God , now there 's two of them ! fred I do not care -- I be not stop ' till we get there ! rick be you crazy ?! fred yeah , I be crazy ! I be crazy about my wife ! establishing shot of a cape cod hospital - night Rick and Fred come skidding up to the emergency entrance follow by the two police cruiser . when they stop , we see that somebody have spray - paint ' horny old man ' on the side of the mini-van . Fred jump out and sprint toward the entrance . several cop spring from they car and give chase . before Fred can reach the front door , he get knocked violently to the ground . Rick climb out of the passenger seat with he hand raised . rick hear I out , gentleman , I can explain every --! as a burly officer's head connect with rick's chest , we ... freeze frame 2 . . and fade to black ... and then : smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : two week earlier fade back in : int . rick's family room - day on tv screen - a video show several young people , early - 20' , sun themselves at the beach . a young - looking rick ham it up for the camera . rick ( o.s. ) see the stud in the blue short ? that 's I the summer I get out of college . little girl voice ( o.s. ) wow , dad , you use to have muscle . reverse angle reveal emma , 6 , and gunnar , 4 , sit on either side of Rick . rick I still have a few . gunnar where ? Rick shoot he a look . rick they be hide . back on tv screen - a pretty girl with a knockout body come up and put she arm around Rick . emma who 's that girl ? rick that 's mommy . emma no , I mean the young one stand next to you . rick that 's mommy . emma mommy use to have long hair ? and she wear a bikini ? rick ( wistfully ) yes she do . 3. emma how come she do not wear a bikini anymore ? gunnar be it because of she fat ass ? rick I guess . what ? no . who say mommy 's get a fat ass ? gunnar mommy . long beat . rick well , uh , I do not appreciate that language , gunnar . you have get the best mom in the whole world -- do not ever say anything bad about she . just then , maggie come grunting into the room carry a one - year -old baby in one arm and a basket of laundry in the other . she 's in she late - 30' , cute , with short , manageable mommy hair . she 's wear sweatpant , a oversize t- shirt , and no make -up . rick ( cont 'd ) hey beautiful , you better get a move on -- we be suppose to be meeting Fred and Grace soon . maggie I know , I know , I be try . rick well how long you gonna be ? maggie forty - five minute -- sooner if you help with the kid . maggie look to he , hopeful . rick ( nonchalant ) forty - five minute be good . maggie shoot he a look and Rick smile . rick ( cont 'd ) I be kid . okay , kid , first one in the tub get college pay for . Emma and gunnar just stare at he . rick ( cont 'd ) come on , you bum , let 's go ! 4. as Rick start to tickle he kid they run out of the room , and we CUT to : ext . sidewalk - evening Rick and maggie walk along hand - in-hand . they be dress - up and happy-looking . rick I miss go out with you on Saturday night . she smile at he . maggie I know , it 's just like the old day . Rick pull maggie close as they walk . rick maybe we should make a rule that we go out at least six night a week without the kid . maggie giggle . rick ( cont 'd ) I be serious . we should go out every week -- just you and I . a beautiful blonde walk past they and Rick give a quick glance back at her ass . rick ( cont 'd ) I think it would be healthy . maggie you gotta be kid I ? maggie pull away . rick what ? maggie you just check out that girl 's butt . rick I do ? maggie yeah , you do , and it 's rude . rick why ? you think she see I ? maggie see you . 5 . rick oh , uh , yeah . I be sorry , honey , I be just kind of spacey today . grace ( o.s. ) come on , we be late ! reverse angle reveal Fred sear and he wife grace , 38 , wait outside a restaurant . Fred sport a full - head of hair that 's maybe a little too stiff . Grace be short and appeal in a Rachel Ray kind of way . Fred lean in to kiss maggie as Rick kiss Grace . maggie Grace , let I ask you something : do Fred ever check out other woman in front of you ? grace no , Fred 's not a gawker . Grace pat a pleased - look Fred on the head . grace ( cont 'd ) come on , mag , let 's go say hi to Dr. Lucy . we follow the woman as they leave they husband and enter the restaurant under a banner that say , ' Boston psychiatric Association person of the Year . ' int . restaurant - continuous Grace and maggie approach the check - in table . woman' voice ( o.s. ) there they be ! another angle reveal dr . lucy gilbert , a very attractive and sophisticated - look 40 - year-old , hold court in the corner . grace Dr. Lucy ! congratulation ! dr . lucy Girls , thank you so much for come . Dr. Lucy speak with a french accent . maggie be you kid I ? you be the only friend of ours who ever get a award -- you think we be go to miss that ? angle on Rick and Fred stand at the bar . fred do you mind tell I how you wife catch you check out another girl ? what be this , amateur hour ? 6 . the bartender deliver a couple beer and Rick pay . rick the girl walk past and I glance back at she for like half a second . fred there 's you problem , dumb -ass -- it 's the wrong order . you do not wait for the girl to walk past and then glance back . you turn when she 's still fifteen foot in front of you ... then you wait for she to walk into you line of vision . Fred notice a attractive woman walk toward they from the right . fred ( cont 'd ) observe . before the woman reach they , Fred turn to he leave and hold the look until the attractive woman 's ass enter he view and he watch she walk away . fred ( cont 'd ) you see ? I can not help it if she butt walk where I be already look . rick ( getting it ) it be you air space . woman' voice ( o.s. ) hey , guy . they turn to see a beautiful woman with a healthy tan walk past carry several drink . this be missy frankenfield , mid-30's . rick and fred hey , missy . missy ( calling back to they ) do not forget to mingle ! the guy watch missy walk away . fred wow . missy 's look pretty good for someone go through a divorce . rick yeah , that 's rough stuff -- I hear they might have to sell the house . fred too bad . you gonna hit them up for the list ? 7. rick what be I , a vulture ? Nah , I do not go after the divorcee business unless they approach I first . fred yeah , it 's kind of tacky , huh ? as the guy crane they neck to get a better view of missy 's ass , we ... reverse angle to reveal maggie , Grace and Dr. Lucy sip lemondrop and watch Rick and Fred from across the room . grace look at that two meathead check out missy frankenfield . what , do they think they be invisible over there ? maggie I think you say Fred be not a gawker . grace he be stand right next to you . I can not let he know that I know -- that would take all the fun out of it . ( chuckle ) you should see he . he 's get some stupid move where he look back before the girl pass to make it seem like he could not help but notice she ass . it 's pathetic . maggie and Dr. Lucy giggle . CUT to : ext . rick and maggie' house - night Rick 's car be park in the driveway , and he and maggie be get out . rick how about I drive the babysitter home while you go upstairs and prepare the altar ? he put he arm around she as they walk toward the front door . maggie I want to , honey , but I have get to get up early with the kid . rick I will get up with the kid . maggie but I have to go out and buy a gift - - they be go to a birthday party tomorrow . 8. rick I will cjet the gift , then I will take the kid to the park , then to the party . you can dust stay in bed , , get you beauty sleep , and bask in the sweet , sweet pound I be about to give you . maggie I love it when you sweet - talk I . maggie smile but as Rick open the front door they freeze in there track . there Pov - the babysitter ( paige , 20 , cute ) be stand there with they 4 - year -old , gunnar . gunnar mommy ! daddy ! rick ( deflate ) Little buddy .. . what be you do up ? gunnar run into he mother 's arm and maggie shrug apologetically to Rick . rick ( cont 'd ) this be just a minor obstacle . CUT to : int . rick's mini - van - night Rick be at the wheel of he dodge caravan and paige sit in the passenger seat . she be on the busty side . rick how be the kid tonight ? paige perfect . that gunnar be so cute -- all he want to do be wrestle with I . Rick smile at this . paige ( cont 'd ) Mr. Mills , would it be okay to turn down the air -- I be a little chilly . look -- I get goose bump . as she hold out her arm to show he the goose - bump , we rack focus beyond her arm to the erect nipples that be piercing through her sheer top like small tent . back on Rick as he eye go wide with terror and he look away . 9 . rick oh , uh , sure , I be sorry . fluster , he move to the temperature control which in large illuminated digital type read : 69 !!! he quickly punch the a/c off , then train he eye straight ahead and grip the steering wheel tight at ten-and -two . paige thank you . rick ' welcome . ext . college campus - night the mini-van pull up in front of a sorority house . int . rick's mini - van - continuous paige hesitates before get out . paige Mr. Mills , can I ask you something ? rick sure . paige I be wonder ... ( squint nervously ) . could you buy I some beer ? Rick look surprised . rick buy you some .. . how old be you ? paige twenty . but I be turn twenty - one next week . rick oh. happy birthday . that 's a biggie . paige yeah . my aunt usually busy beer for I , but she 's out of town . ( smile hopefully ) so. . . could ya ? rick uh , I do not know , paige ... I could get in a lot of trouble for give alcohol to a minor . paige oh , come on , I be a junior in college . you drank when you be in college , do not you ? 10 . rick well , uh ... paige besides , it 's so arbitrary . how do it make sense that twenty 's old enough to fight in Iraq or watch a porno movie , but it 's too young to drink a beer ? Rick shift in he seat . rick really ? twenty 's old enough to uh ...? paige fight in Iraq ? rick no , the other thing . paige watch porn ? oh , God yeah -- half the girl in that thing be my age . Rick catch a hint of cleavage , a flash of leg . paige ( cont 'd ) look , I promise no one 's gonna find out . if you want , you can join I down at the lake -- we will listen to some tune and have a couple beer . Rick stare at she , picture it in he head . she look hopeful , open . rick I be sorry , paige , I can not do that . paige why not ? rick well ... it would be .. . inappropriate . Rick 's voice have take on a firmer , more adult tone . paige seem amused by it . paige what , be that you grow - up voice ? ( smile ) that would be inappropriate , paige . come on -- rick no , paige . ( with a edge ) what be you think ? I be a marry man and I have a family . you think they would like it if they know I be hang out at the lake , all alone , drink beer with a college girl ? 11 . she seem take aback . paige ( put - off ) I never say alone . my sorority 's have a party down there tonight . Rick clear he throat , try to hide he embarrassment . rick all right , better get inside . she open the car door , then glare back at he . paige ewww . what the hell be you think ? rick go ahead . scoot along now . as she slam the car door , we ... CUT to : int . rick and maggie' house - night Rick bound up the stair to find maggie gently close gunnar 's bedroom door . maggie shhhh . he just fall asleep . rick awesome . Rick playfully pinch maggie 's butt as he follow she into they bedroom where ... int . bedroom -- continuous . they find Emma sit up in they bed , smile . emma can I sleep with you tonight ? rick no . emma please . rick no. absolutely not . maggie , clearly soften to the idea , shrug at Rick . 12. rick ( cont 'd ) be you serious ? look , besides the other thing , I do not like the fact that my daughter need someone to sleep with every night -- that 's not go to be good when she go off to college , you know . maggie roll she eye . emma well .. .can someone read I a story ? Rick look at maggie , then at he daughter . rick okay , one quick story . come on , jump on my back . Emma jump on Rick 's back . rick ( cont 'd ) ( to maggie ) you can get start without I -- I will be right back . Rick piggyback Emma out of the room . int . emma's bedroom - minute later Emma be put Rick 's hair into ponytail . rick okay , honey , this be the last pony and then night -night . Emma finish put on a rubberband , then look at he , satisfied . emma there . you look pretty , daddy . rick okay , now give I a kiss , hug and go to sleep . she lay back on she pillow . Rick give she a big kiss on both cheek . rick ( cont 'd ) I love you , Emma . emma I love you , too , daddy . ext . hallway - moment later Rick ( still in ponytail ) tip -toe out of Emma 's bedroom , close the door so tly , then hustle down the hallway . F int . rick &amp ; maggie' bedroom - continuous Rick scramble into the room and stop in he track . 13. he Pov - maggie lay in bed , fast asleep . rick no. please , no . Rick want to wake she up but see that she need the sleep , so he just pull the cover over her shoulder . as Rick walk around the bed and into the bathroom in the b.g. , we hold on maggie until she open her eye . she listen to she husband brush he tooth with perhaps a tinge of guilt , and when he shut off the faucet , she close her eye again , and we ... CUT to : ext . park - morning Rick push gunnar and Emma on the swing as a sweaty Fred approach carry a tennis racket . ( we see several tennis court in the b.g. ) fred hey . rick hey . how would you make out ? fred great . lose both set . rick so would you get the business ? Fred nod and wipe he brow . fred pretty sure I get the Auto and Home . he tell I to call he accountant on Monday about the life . rick Nice . Fred look around at all the pretty mom and nannies with they child . fred can you believe the talent here today ? rick ( pained ) yeah . I know . they notice something o.s.. there Pov - we see a scandinavian au pair bent over exposing her thong underwear as she pick up a child from a wagon . fred ouch . 14 . Rick sigh . rick cpr girl 's back , too . Rick nod toward a pig - tailed paramedic , early 30' , teaching a cpr CLASS . the two man look on solemnly . fred imagine if we be come here back when we be single ? rick ( false bravado ) oh baby , the damage we would do . emma monkey bar ! the kid jump off the swing and run for the jungle gym . gunnar I first ! Rick trail they like a sherpa carry a couple razor scooter and a basketball as Fred tag along . they shlep past the tri -delta sorority play ultimate frisbee and wearing ' juicy ' sweat . fred so you get lucky last night ? rick Nah , the kid be up when we get home . how ' bout you ? fred well , kinda lucky . Grace conk right out so I snuck out to the car and rubbed one out . Rick shoot Fred a look . rick the car ? what be you knight Rider ? why do not you just go in the bathroom like a normal guy ? fred and get catch by Grace ? can not risk it . besides , car turn I on -- it 's where I lose my virginity . and they be comfy -- I just put the seat back and turn on the tune . the guy sit on a bench . rick that 's one of the thing they do not tell you when you be young -- that you will still be jerk - off after you get marry . I think it be dust gonna be a teenage thing . 15 fred yeah , I do not see that one come . the two man sit in silence for a long beat as the frisbee Girls play all around they . fred ( cont 'd ) you know what I miss the most ? rick what ? fred the arch . rick what arch ? fred you know when you be take a girl 's panty off for the first time , and you be wonder if she 's go to stop you , but then she give you that little pelvic arch - thrust that tell you that the struggle 's over , everything 's go to be okay ? Rick sigh . rick that 's a happy moment . fred yep . another thing go forever . Rick look at he watch . rick I should get go , I have to drop the kid off at a birthday party . fred you want to grab a coffee after ? CUT to : establishing shot - coffee shop - later that morning int . coffee shop - same Fred and Rick stand in line . rick do you have any interest in go down to the Patriot 's training camp one of this day ? fred be you kid , I would love that . except ... I always feel kind of pathetic wait in line for Tom brady 's autograph . 16 . rick Fred , I be plan on bring the kid . fred genius ! that 's the perfect cover ! Rick shoot he a look then react to something o.s. rick uh-oh ... he Pov - slo - mo of a beautiful girl walk toward he . her straight brown hair shimmer .. .her blue eye twinkle .. .her white uniform blouse be unbuttone enough to reveal a tasteful amount of cleavage . this be coffee girl , 23 , granola , fresh , Australian , spacey . back on the guy stare in awe . fred do you see she face ? her face be tremendous . rick ( chant , scared ) please do not have a nice ass , please do not have a nice ass ... but as she turn to pour a cup of coffee , we see that her ass be spectacular . Rick turn away , annoyed . rick ( cont 'd oh , come on ! that 's rie iculous . fred I know . she 's from Australia . be work here about a month . rick why would you have to bring I here ?! fred okay , cool it , tiger - - here she come . coffee girl step up to the counter and smile at Fred . coffee girl ( australian accent ) iced coffee with two splendas again ? Fred want to say yes , but just nod . coffee girl ( cont 'd ) how about you mate there ? rick ( stunned ) uh...same . her smile come with a squint , which make she eye sparkle . 17 . another angle reveal a wannabe artist - type male employee , mid - 20 's ( clearly covetous of coffee girl ) size Rick and Fred up as he wipe down a counter . back on coffee girl and our guy coffee girl ( be : Rick 's shirt ) hey , Old navy , you like a muffin with that ? rick uh , sure . what do you recommend ? coffee girl they be all good . the wannabe artist - type step protectively up beside coffee girl . wannabe I would go with the bran muffin- - you guy be probably have digestive issue at you age , right ? Rick flinch at this , then turn to coffee girl . rick I will have a blueberry muffin please . fred make it a bran muffin for I . Rick shoot Fred a look , clearly annoyed . as coffee girl turn to get they order , we go to ... same scene - a few minute later Rick and Fred , now with coffee , sit at the rear of the shop . rick do you notice she 's from cleavage , Ohio ? fred yeah . I bet she areolas look like a couple of pepperoni slice . Fred train he eye back on coffee girl and squint intensely . rick what the hell be you do ? fred shh . I be take a mental photograph for my spank bank . ( under breath ) say cheese . ed ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ , guy , give it a rest . 18. Rick and Fred turn to see ed long , tall , good -look , mid - 40' , stand at the creamer counter behind they . rick oh , hey , Ed . do not see you there . ed that 's because you be shoot laser beam at the java babe . rick well , no , we be just -- ed come on , gentleman , you be marry man and she 's half you age -- grow p - the guy can not muster a response . ed ( cont 'd ) so I guess I will be see you at the house - warming party this weekend . rick hm ? ed this Saturday afternoon at the new casa - - we be inally in and we be have a little celebration . rick oh , I do not know if we can -- ed you wife already rsvp would . rick right on . ed ' til then . Ed hold out he fist to they . ed ( cont 'd ) come on , pound the potato . Rick and Fred reluctantly take turn tapping Ed 's fist with theirs . then Ed leave . fred ( under breath ) what a d-bag . rick he 's right though . Fred look at Rick . 19 . rick ( cont 'd ) what be we do sit here gawk at she for ? we be marry man -- it 's creepy . fred I do not see what the big deal be -- we be not hurt anyone . what be he Big brother - - he 's gonna tell I what I can look at now ? for God sake , do not take that away from I - - it 's all I get ! as Rick think about this , we ... CUT to : int . rick's family room - night close on a baby monitor - pull back to reveal that it 's in the middle of a poker table next to a pile of one-dollar bill . sitting around the table playing liar' poker be Rick , Fred , gary , hog -head , baker , and flat , all in they mid -30' to mid - 40' . hog-head have a huge melon , Baker be husky , flat be a pale red-head , and Gary be slight and squirrelly . baker Rick , you open . Rick take a fresh dollar bill off the pile in front of he and study the serial number . rick four 9' . fred hey , where 's coakley ? how come he do not show ? gary Vegas . Hawaiian tropic final . the guy nod they approval . baker man , imagine be coakley ? the guy 's single , he 's load , chick love he , he do not have to answer to anybody . gary that 's the life . fred that be the life . hog -head let I ask you something : what would you guy pay to have you way with a Hawaiian tropic girl for a entire weekend ? the guy perk up as they think about this . 20 . hog -head ( cont 'd ) you get to pick any one you want -- and you know up front that you will not get she pregnant , no disease , you be never gonna hear from she again , and you wife will never find out . gary how 's it possible to know that my wife will not find out ? hog -head ( annoyed ) it 's not . I be say if it be possible , like if I be a magic genie and I could grant you this wish but then make it like it never even happen . flat but would I still have memory of it ? hog -head oh yeah . great memory . gary oof . I think I would pay 500 buck for that . Baker shoot he a look . baker you cheap , bastard . we be talk about a investment that get you rock off and protect you wife 's feeling . I would pay five grand . rick wow . gary well , excuse I , Mr. Wall Street , but we public school teacher be not get any of that bail - out money you be over - tipping everyone with . just then , the front door open and maggie enter . maggie hey , guy . rick oh , hey , honey . how be the book club ? maggie great . fred what do you guy read this month ? 21 . maggie hemingway . gary Old man and the Sea ? maggie no , muriel 's yoga book . the guy laugh . maggie ( cont 'd ) actually , we be suppose to be discuss the Sun also rise but Grace pull out a bottle of tequila and that be the end of that . so , do the kid go down easy ? rick gunnar and Emma stall for a while , but they be not bad . maggie how about the baby ? Rick point to the baby monitor in the middle of the table . rick not a peep . maggie great job . now win some money , honey . she kiss Rick and walk out of the room . gary I wish I could drink tequila . it 's a great buzz but it always give I the spin and then I have to go home early . fred you want to know a sure cure for the spin ? Fred put a hand over he right eye . fred ( cont 'd ) just cover up one eye . it balance out the equilibrium . rick or you could find a nice 12 - step program . CUT to : 22. int . upstair hallway - moment later as maggie get to the top of the stair , she can hear the o.s. SOUND of the baby crying . she walk down the hall , open the baby 's door and react . her Pov - the exhaust and sweaty baby be stand in he crib , sobbing . the baby monitor be on the dresser next to the crib blaring out laughter from the poker game . int . baby nursery - continuous maggie oh , you poor thing ... she hurry to the baby and pick he up . maggie ( cont 'd ) silly daddy ... he get the monitor mix - up . have you be listen to that loud - mouth all night ? as maggie move to turn off the monitor , we hear : flat ( o.s. ) . so how ' bout you , Fred -- how much would you pay to 's end a entire weekend with one of the hot woman in the world ? maggie hesitates and listen in . fred ( o.s. ) I would not have to pay -- I be marry to she . there 's a beat , then the guy explode in laughter . fred ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) no , seriously , I would pay five grand , easy . maggie 's jaw drop . back on poker game fred ( cont 'd ) I would have to figure out a way to get it out of the bank without Grace notice , but I suppose the genie could help I with that . hog -head you could put I down for seven - five . baker pfttt . hog-head , you ass do not have seven-five . more laughter from the guy as Rick deal out fresh bill . 23. flat so what 's you number , Rick ? rick oh jeez , flat , I do not know ... fred come on .. any girl you choose . you get to do anything you want with she , and you wife will never find out . it 's completely harmless , a one - time thing -- what would you pay for that ? back on maggie as she cradle she baby and leans closer to the monitor . rick ( o.s. ) I honestly do not know , fella . baker ( o.s. ) ballpark . push in on maggie as she wait nervously for she husband 's answer . rick ( o.s. ) well ... I have get a great wife and I sure would not want to hurt she feeling , so ... maggie smile at this . that 's my guy ! rick ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I guess the real question be , what would not I pay ?! the guy laugh o.s. and maggie react , as we ... CUT to : int . maggie and rick's kitchen - later maggie 's get Rick back into a corner . maggie what would not you pay ?! rick I do not really mean it , honey . ( scared , defenseless ) they kind of put I on the spot . look , some of the other guy be throw out some pretty hefty bid . maggie what do that have to do with anything ? rick well ... I be the host of the party , I do not want to be a buzz-kill . 24 maggie squint , appal . rick ( cont 'd ) look , all I be say be , there 's no amount of money I would not pay to protect you and the kid . maggie how be have sex with a hooker protect I and the kid ? rick no one say anything about hooker . maggie you be pay for sex -- what would you call she ? rick ( weakly ) well .. . the genie be get the dough , not she . ( recovering ) come on , be reasonable , it be just guy - talk -- it 's not like it could really happen . maggie shake she head , disgust , and leave the room . rick ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) Love you ! CUT to : int . restaurant - day maggie , Grace , and Dr. Lucy eat at a upscale restaurant . Dr. Lucy listen quietly to the woman . grace Fred say five grand ? what a blowhard ! maggie you know what 's even funnier ? hog - head mccormick say he would pay seven grand . grace what ?! that bum have not work since the dot - com bust -- he wife support he ! the girl laugh . grace ( cont 'd ) well , look on the bright side : at least they be not cheating on we . maggie sometimes I wonder if it would be better if they do cheat and get it over with . 25 . dr . lucy you mean , rather than take the slow boat to resentment ? the girl look to Dr. Lucy . dr . lucy ( cont 'd I be just say .. . maybe a little freedom would be good for they . and for you . ( beat ) have you ever consider give they a hall pass ? grace a what ? dr . lucy a hall pass . a week off from marriage . Grace and maggie stop chew . maggie wait a minute . . . be you say let they go out and cheat ? dr . lucy I be say give they a week off from marriage . ( beat ) look , most marry man have foggy memory of they single day and they somehow get under the impression that if not for you , they would be able to be with ail that woman who entice they . grace that 's Fred . he think because he see big tit everywhere and then still come home for dinner that I should be welcoming he at the door like some conquer hero . Dr. Lucy smile . dr . lucy well , maybe it 's time to let they go out there and find out what it 's really like . maggie wow . you be talk about the nuclear option . maggie ponder the idea . grace and remind I again , what good could possibly come from this ...? 26 . dr . lucy there 's a wonderful principle in psychology call ' reactance theory . ' it basically state that if you be constantly tell you can not do something , you want to do it more than ever . and conversely , if you remove the taboo , you remove the obsession . Grace make a 't ' sound . grace ( sarcastic ) I get a idea , Doc : why do not you try a hall pass out on you husband and let we know how it work out . dr . lucy oh , I have . Grace and maggie react to this . maggie you be tell we you let Charlie sleep with another woman ? Dr. Lucy take a moment before answer . dr . lucy I be not tell you that . I be tell you that I give he the freedom to choose for himself . grace and ...? dr . lucy all I know be ... we marriage be better than ever . Grace and maggie think about this . grace I do not know . there 's a reason that man evolve and ape do not . it 's because woman demand more . without a wife , Einstein would have be humping a maple tree all day . as the woman laugh , we CUT to : ext . ed &amp ; kimmy long estate - day there be several flashy car out front of this huge mcmansion . as Fred and Grace and Rick and maggie get out of Fred 's mini-van , Ed Long come out of the house to greet they . ( Ed 's 5 - year -old son be beside he wear khakis and a polo shirt , just like he father . ) grace there he be ! the lord of the manor ! 27 . ed come on , everyone in the shack ! the grand tour 's about to begin ! int . study - afternoon Ed and he wife kimmy ( late - 30' , high - maintenance ) lead Rick , Fred , maggie , Grace , and several other guest into a large wood - panele study . ( the Long 's 7 - year -old daughter stick to she mother 's side wearing a matching dress . ) ed I call it headquarters . larry bohac , mid - 40' , and he blonde bombshell of a wife , mandy , ( who wear a too - tight t-shirt ) look around in awe . mandy un-believable . ed that 's sweet of you to say , Mandy . larry it 's epic , Ed . Ed point to one wall which house a glassed - in humidor . ed ( re : humidor ) and this over here -- this be the war room . the temperature in there never go above fifty - four degree , never below fifty - three . I even throw in a back - up generator in case we lose power and the main generator do not kick in . now who want a cubano ? they be the real deal -- coakley snag they on he trip to Havana . kimmy wait a second , Ed , first I want to show they lny headquarters . Fred look at Rick and roll he eye . int . master bathroom - moment later it look like a Waterwork showroom . despite its bloat opulence , Grace and maggie can not help but be impressed . kimmy it 's my paradise . ed with a price tag north of one hundred and forty large , it better be paradise . Ed hold out he fist and Rick obediently pound it . just then Grace notice that Fred have disappear . 28 . grace hey , where do Fred go ? Rick turn and see that he 's miss . int . another part of the upstair - moment later Rick walk down a hall and find Fred in a guest room watch a baseball game on tv . rick what be you do ? fred I can not take this look - at-how - much - I - own party . it 's obnoxious . Rick nod and sit down beside he . fred ( cont 'd ) when I buy my completely - load Honda odyssey , I do not go around brag about it , do I ? rick well , kind of . you make I drive around town with you for two hour , remember ? fred ( defensive ) I think you would want to watch a movie in a mini-van . you never get to watch a movie in a mini-van before , do you ? Rick shrug . rick why would you have to hook you boat up to it ? fred because it 's the tour edition , numb-skull . the thing can tow more weight than ninety percent of the pick - up out there ! CUT to : int . master bedroom - same everybody be admire the antique fireplace . kimmy the mantle actually come all the way from Tuscany , which be in Europe . ed hey , gang , check this out . 29 . kimmy oh God , Eddie , they do not need to see that -- they will think we be wackos . Ed punch a code into a keypad and the wall slide OPEN revealing a safe room . int . safe room - continuous maggie , Grace , and the other follow Ed into a safe room fill with video monitor surveilling all the room in the house . when kimmy enter she push a button close the wall behind they . maggie oh my God ... this be like secret agent stuff . kimmy I think have a safe room be a bit over the top , but Ed feel with we two little one you can never be too cautious . grace aw , you be such a good daddy . maggie ( aside to Grace ) Rick can not even set up the baby monitor right . Ed point to a monitor where we see Rick and Fred enter the master bedroom . ed here come tweedle - dee and tweedle - dum . close on video monitor - we see Rick and Fred cross over to the master bathroom doorway and look in . rick ( on monitor ) . all I be say be , who get a mini-van when you do not even have any kid ? fred ( on monitor ) you do not know much about the insurance game , do you , Rick ? when you pull into a person 's driveway to sell they life insurance , who do you think they would rather see ? a hot - shot in a porsche or a family man in a mini-van ? hm ? Rick look around the empty room . rick ( on monitor ) hey , where would everyone go ? 30 . grace ( calling out ) guy , we be in here ! kimmy they can not hear you . the room 's completely soundproof . ed and bulletproof . on video monitor wall - we see Rick and Fred leave one screen and enter another . int . study - continuous Rick and Fred walk back into Ed 's study . rick they must have go downstairs . Fred motion to Ed 's humidor room . fred ( british accent ) thanks for come to the war room , old chap . by the way , do I mention that my wife 's vagina never go above fifty - four degree , nor below fifty - three . int . safe room - continuous Larry bohac chuckle and Grace shift uncomfortably . grace uh , maybe we should turn this off . but Ed turn the volume up . close on monitor - Rick play along with a bad british accent . rick ( on monitor ) be that so , dear boy ? and what happen if you lose power during a big blow and you main generator do not kick in ? fred ( on monitor ) well that 's why I have the back - up generator install in kimmy 's rumpus . kimmy make a face , shocked . grace ( under breath ; resign ) here we go ... 31 . int . study - continuous rick hey , speak of installation , be that a shiny new set of can on Mandy bohac ? fred either that or she 's wear she daughter 's t-shirt . int . safe room - continuous close on Mandy 's surprised face . she look at Larry , who 's suddenly not so amused . int . study - continuous rick they look good but I will still take the real deal any day . fred right . you be tell I you would take kimmy Long 's flapjack over Mandy 's new speedbag ? rick that 's what I be tell you . I like boob with a little mileage on them . they be more fun . fred fun ? rick yeah . you can smoosh them , swing them , hump them , stretch - armstrong them . fred and what about the prove correlation between floppy boob and large- mouth vaginas ? smash CUT to : ext . ed &amp ; kimmy long estate - moment later maggie and Grace hurry down the front walk trail by they shell - shocked husband . a tremble and irate kimmy be hold back at the door by Ed and a couple other guest . kimmy you people be horrible ! horrible ! ed ( calling out ) I be very disappointed , gentleman ! 32 . int . mini - van - day no one speak . Grace drive and maggie sit beside she , humiliation etched across they face . finally : fred uh , anyone think chocolate chip cookie dough in a waffle cone ? Grace yank the mini-van to the side of the road and glare back at he . grace large-mouth vaginas ?! as the guy cower , we CUT to : int . rick &amp ; maggie' live room - night Rick look small and weak sit on the couch while maggie stand across from he rub she temple . it look like the norman rockwell painting where the mom reprimand she little boy for sneaking a frog into the house . maggie you know what really trouble I ? the thing that you be all so obsessed with be meaningless to you . it 's really just about number with you guy . Rick look up , confuse . maggie ( cont 'd ) Rick , you can not even Tel I the month you lose you virginity . I can tell you the exact day and hour that I lose mine . Rick seem a little embarrassed by this . rick well , virginity be different for guy . maggie the point be , obviously I like sex , too -- it mean something to I -- but I do not walk around gawk at every guy I see . rick all right , so I occasionally notice other woman . I be sorry . maggie occasionally ? Rick rake he hand through he hair and decide to come clean . 33. rick okay , you want the truth ? you really want I to pull back the curtain here ? from the moment I leave the house in the morning ' till the moment I get home , I pretty much notice every woman in my path . maggie turn to face he . rick ( cont 'd ) but it 's not how you think it be , mag . it 's like ... it 's like a curse . I do not want to notice , but I can not help it . it 's always be like that . I figure that when I c jot marry that would be it , but it be not -- the thing , do not give two shit about marriage . maggie ( hurt ) so what be you say -- you be not happy with we sex life ? Rick reach up and take she hand . rick no . of course I be happy , honey -- we sex life be great -- not that I would not mind a little more , but -- look , one thing have nothing to do with the other . I think about sex a lot -- all guy do -- that 's just the way it be . maggie sit down beside he , clearly at the end of she rope . no one speak for a few moment . then : maggie I be give you a hall pass . rick a what ? maggie one week off from marriage . rick you mean , like a trial separation ? you be seriously overreact . maggie it 's not a separation , it 's a hall pass . you can do whatever you want . get it out of you system . rick ( beat ) wait a minute - - be you for real ? 34 . maggie it 's not a yes or no offer , and it 's not a debate . you be get a hall pass . as maggie head upstairs , we push in on a confuse Rick . dissolve to : int . rick and maggie' kitchen - morning maggie be wash out a pan at the sink when Rick enter dress for work . we hear the o.s. sound of the wiggles come from a tv in another room . rick ' Morning . maggie ( not face he ) there 's a couple hard - boil egg in a bowl there for you . rick I be gonna have to take they to go , hon , I have get a show in fifteen minute . Rick put the egg in he pocket , then approach maggie and kiss she on the cheek . rick ( cont 'd ) hey , about this hall pass business .. .1 do not want it and I do not need it . all I need be -- maggie I tell you , this be not negotiable . she turn and face he . rick you be really serious about this ? maggie Rick , this be not something that i...look , I really think you need this . I think we need this . Rick do not know what to say . maggie ( cont 'd ) this afternoon I be take the kid out to my parent 's beach house . Rick react to this . rick for how long ? 35 . maggie we will be back in one week . and as far as I be concerned , start right now . .. you have the week off from marriage . CUT to : ext . victorian house - day this be a big shiny place . all fix - up . Fred pull up in he mini-van and get out . he walk past a coldwell banker for sale sign with Rick 's name on it . int . victorian house - same Rick be show the kitchen to a couple , mid - 40' , when Fred enter . rick hey , what be you do here ? fred I call you office and they tell I you be in the neighborhood . Rick turn to the couple . rick oh , this be a friend of mine , Fred sear . Fred , this be harold and Nancy Goldberg -- they're move up here from Long Island . fred well , mazel tov , folk . the goldbergs look at Fred a little warily as he take out a card . fred ( cont 'd ) here , let I give you my card . Home , auto , or life insurance -- I be the go - to mensch in town . harold goldberg we be good on insurance . Rick quickly jump in . rick ( to the goldbergs ) uh , why do not you two take another look around and if you have any question I will be right here . harold goldberg thank you . the goldbergs walk out and Rick close the door behind they . 36 . rick ( hushed ) what the he 1 be you do -- I be try to make a sale here . fred you be not pick up you cell -- I want to see how much trouble you get in last night . you know what Grace make I do ? she make I call the long and apologize . Rick flinch . rick oof . fred how ' bout you -- do maggie freak out when you get home ? rick uh ... sort of . Rick peek out the kitchen door to make sure the Goldberg 's be not listen . then : rick ( cont 'd ) she give I a hall pass . fred a what ? rick a week off from marriage to do whatever I want . she 's go to she parent ' house down the cape ' till next Sunday . Fred snicker . fred yeah , right . rick I be serious . fred you be full of shit . rick Fred , it 's true . you think I could make something like this up ? Fred stare at he . fred I do not get it -- why be not you more excited ? rick well ... I do not know how I feel . 37 . fred about ...? rick the hall pass . something about it be not right . fred you mean , like , you think maggie might have a brain tumor or something ? rick no . I mean , just because my wife tell I it 's okay to cheat ... be it ? fred uh , yeah . ( beat ) why can not you just accept the fact that you wife be a goddamn saint , Rick ? she 's evolve . do not you see ? she get it ! rick yeah , but there 's a part of I that 's say , ' wow , you must have push she pretty hard to get she to this point . ' and be that good for a marriage ? that you wife be willing to try something this insane ? Fred can not believe he ear . fred absolutely ! ( beat ) come on , do not it bother you that we wife dream all come true , but ours do not ? look at maggie ; when she be a kid she play house -- you g a have she a house . she play with she e-z - bake oven -- you buy she a Viking . she play mommy -- you make she a mommy . rick the oven 's a ge. fred it 's a real gas oven ! and what about you , huh ? come on , man , you wife be live she dream .. . and now it 's time for you to live yours . as Rick think about this , we CUT to : int . fred &amp ; grace's house - night Fred and Grace climb the stair at the end of the day . 38 . fred I do not know , I think this be some very forward - think on maggie 's part . grace quit lobby -- you be not get a hall pass . and you mark my word , this be go to end up bite maggie in the ass . at the top of the stair Fred put he arm around she . fred why would I need a hall pass ? I have get you . grace not tonight you do not . I be too bloat and I have cramp . fred I do not mind . grace Fred , do I have to spell it out for you ? I be have my period . fred ( matter-of -fact ) yeah , I get that . he move in for a kiss but she pull away . grace come on , hon , give I a break . not tonight . disappointed , Fred watch she walk toward the bedroom . fred ( calling out ) oh , shit -- I forget to take the trash out . CUT to : ext . fred &amp ; grace's house - night Fred 's mini-van be park on the street in front of he home . we hear styx 's the best of Times come from inside the car and we move in closer until we be ... looking through the passenger window at Fred . he 's sit in the driver 's seat ; he eye be close and he head be sling back as he jerk - off ( just below frame ) to the music . a police cruiser pass in the b.g. , then a moment later back into frame and stop next to fred . as the two police officer look on from they car try to figure out what the guy be do , the oblivious Fred continue to stroke he meat to the beat . 39 . Officer # 1 get out of the driver 's side . he disappear from frame and then reappear at Fred 's driver 's side window . now only inch from Fred , he bend over and look inside the car . the Officer motion for he partner to join he . as Fred continue to pound himself to the music , Officer # 2 climb out of the cruiser . he take out he flashlight and shine it on fred be o.s. lap . as the weary officer look at each other with a now - we've -seen-it-all expression , we ... CUT to : same scene - later the police light be flashing now and several neighbor have gather on they front lawn to see what 's go on . pan to Fred 's front step where we see a handcuffed Fred stand meekly as the two Police officer confer with a furious - look Grace ( in she bathrobe . ) officer # 1 all right , mar 'am , if you say he 's yours .. . you can have he . the Officer take off fred' handcuff . grace thank you , officer . Fred scurries into the house ahead of Grace . as soon as the door shut , we hear : grace ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what kind of sick prick jerk off in he own front yard ?! as the Police officer head back to they car , we go ... close on a smile Fred . fred I get a Hall pass ! int . rick's office - day Rick be at he desk stare at a giddy Fred . rick how ? fred do not matter how . I get one . can you believe it ?! I get a hall pass ! Rick stand up , elate . rick and I have get a hall pass ! fred we both have hall pass ! 40 . rick when do yours start ? Fred look at he watch . fred twenty - three minute ago ! she just leave for the cape -- she 's stay with maggie . it 's just you and I for the next six day ! rick oh my God , do you realize how much easier this be go to make it -- have a hall pass partner ? fred and it 's not just I -- Baker , Gary , and hog-head be come out with we tonight ! rick no way ?! they get hall pass , too ?! fred no , no , no -- they just want to watch . Rick grow concerned . rick you think that 's a good idea , let they in on it ? what if they blab and it get around town -- it might embarrass we wife . fred do not worry , I already talk to they . they lip be seal . Rick and Fred smile . fred ( cont 'd ) we be live the dream , baby ! smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 1 ext . CITY STREET - night Rick , Fred , and they middle - aged posse ( Baker , hog -head &amp ; Gary ) walk across a boulevard like rock star . ( think of the slo -mo shot from swinger or reservoir dog . ) nobody smile , they be all business as they hit the sidewalk and march straight into ... applebee 's. int . applebee be - moment later they step up to the bar . 41 . rick ( to bartender ) five mgd 's , my friend . while wait for the beer , the guy check out the scene . it 's mostly family , a few young couple . rick ( cont 'd ) the guy at the holiday Inn Express tell I this place really kick in around nine-thirty . baker hey , why be you stay at a hotel if you wife be out of town ? fred well , we can not very well take babe back to we place -- if they know where we live they might end up stalking we . rick besides , I would not be able to concentrate with all the picture everywhere and the kid ' cut- out all over the fridge . gary yeah , be not it weird how you own kid can creep you out sometimes ? Rick shoot Gary a look . fred I get the feel there 's a lot of divorce in this place . hog -head that 's good . divorce be into kinky sex -- that 's why they be divorced . just then the bartender arrive with the Miller genuine draft and the guy clink bottle . hog -head ( cont 'd ) so come on , point out which girl you guy be gonna do tonight . Gary elbow Fred as he spot two middle - aged women at the end of the bar . gary what about that two ? why do not you bang they ? fred no way . they be do the sweatshirt -around-the -waist thing -- they be obviously hide something back there . 42 gary okay , how about the blonde hostess ? maybe somebody should nail she , huh ? rick attempt to be cool , Gary - - we have get a whole week . Baker look around at the lame bar scene . baker be you guy sure that applebee 's be the best place to be pick up woman ? rick what be you think -- olive Garden ? gary Nah , that 's only good on Thursday night . hog -head hey , what about the auto show ? Baker shoot they a look . baker be you guy for real ? gary wait a second -- where 's coakley ? that 's where we should be . baker he 's in Iceland . rick what 's he do there ? baker what do you think he 's do there ? the guy all nod at this , proud of he . rick look , before we go bag any chick , I gotta get a hunk of beef in I . gary hey , I get a guy over at Outback Steak House who could set we up . baker ooooh , he 's get pull over at Outback . wow . rick hey , I like Outback . let 's chug this and hit the road . 43. as the guy drink up , hog-head put he arm around Gary . hog -head hey , gar , you do not happen to have any connection at 7 / 11 , do ya ? maybe someone could hook I up with a player 's card so I can cut right to the front of the raspberry slurpy line . the guy all laugh , as we CUT to : establishing shot of cape cod beach cottage - night this be a old summer shack nestle on a quiet bluff overlook the sound . int . beach cottage - same Grace stand at the window stare out on the ocean , while maggie nestle on the couch read a summer novel . the kid be asleep and the place be quiet . grace I think we might have make a huge mistake . maggie stop think about it , Grace . why don t you just try to get some sleep ? Grace turn to maggie . grace sleep ? I can not sleep . I do not understand you -- how can you just sit there and read know that Rick could be make out with a supermodel right now ? maggie do not answer . grace ( cont 'd ) we husband be not marry this week . do you know what husband do when they be not marry ? maggie shh . you be go to wake the kid . grace be you go to sit there and tell I you be not the least bit concerned about what they be do right now ? maggie sigh . maggie okay ... I be a little concerned . 44 . Grace flop into the chair across from she . maggie ( cont 'd ) of course I be concerned . but what choice do we have ? grace we could have keep the status quo . I mean , be thing really that bad that we have to try something this extreme ? maggie for I they be . ( beat ) look , you may call this a hall pass , but for I it 's more of a hail Mary pass . I be serious , I do not know what else to do . Grace look at maggie , surprised . maggie ( cont 'd ) remember last week when we go to Lucy 's award thing ? Grace nod . maggie ( cont 'd ) that night when we get home , Rick and I be gonna .. . you know ... and I be wait for he in bed while he tuck the kid in , and I start wonder who he would be think about during sex . would it be the girl he check out on the way into the party ? or would it be missy frankenfield -- because I notice he gawk at she ? or how about one of the waitress , or maybe somebody he see at work that day ? then when he come into the room , I do something I would never do before : I pretend to be asleep . grace you be kid I ? you have never do that ? I do that all the time ! maggie almost smile . maggie look , I understand that people have fantasy and that you be not always think about the person you be with . grace that 's for sure . maggie but it 's just ... I do not know ... it 's be too long since I feel that he be think about I . 45 . they sit there for a moment , quiet . then : maggie ( cont 'd ) I need this hall pass to work , Grace , because if it do not , I do not know what 's go to happen . CUT to : establishing shot of outback steakhouse - night we see two very old couple walk out with doggie bag . int . outback steakhouse - same we five guy be in a meat coma , slouched in they chair nursing red wine and talk through purple teeth . several empty wine bottle , martini glass , half -eaten steak , carve up potato au gratin and creamed spinach plate , and mangle key -lime pie litter the table . baker okay ... so where to now ? Rick can not think in this state . rick Fred ...? fred hm ? rick answer Baker . fred what 's the question ? rick what be we do for the rest of the night ? fred ( disinterested ) I do not know . get laid , right ? hog -head I gotta go home and poo . baker now ? hog -head yeah , I put too much hollandaise on the mozzarella stick . gary why do not you just back one out here ? hog -head I be pretty sure I be gonna need a bath afterwards . 46 . Baker muster some initiative and stand up . baker come on , you guy ! I say we go to a strip club and smoke cigar -- that 11 wake we up ! rick I get a better idea . Rick stretch . rick ( cont 'd ) let 's go night -night . baker what ? rick I say we tie a bow on it and put she to bed . this be gonna be a long week so we should pace ourselves . Baker look at he watch . baker it 's only nine-thirty ! fred I be with Rico . ( yawns ) freddy tie-tie . gary ( disappointed ) be you guy serious ? rick relax , guy , this be just the calm before the storm . get out the plywood and batten down the hatches . fred that 's right . tonight we build up strength , tomorrow we make landfall . smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 2 ext . golf course - morning Rick , Fred , hog-head , and Gary be stretch on the first tee of a local four - STAR golf resort while take in the sight . nearby , we see the hotel swim pool line with attractive women in bikinis . 47 . hog -head wow . this place sure beat the hell out of the holiday Inn Express . why be not you stay here ? rick too pricey . besides , since we be pay for golf we get full access to the resort -- include the pool bar . fred mother , lock up you daughter -- the dog be off the leash ! rick turn-and -burn , baby ! Gary raise he hand for a high - five , but Rick balk . rick ( cont 'd ) nope . I do not do that . hog -head hey , I say screw the golf -- let 's go straight to the pool bar and start get you guy laid ! rick hoch -head , relax , the pool bar be not go nowhere . besides , it will be good for we to get a little sun before make we grand entrance -- chick love a healthy glow . fred plus it would not hurt to work up a little sweat -- get that pheromone fly . just then , two sexy Beer -cart girl wave as they pass . hog -head you talk I into it . gary hey , guy , look what I bring . Gary hold up a ziplock bag full of something chocolatey . rick what 's that ? gary pot brownsky . the guy all look at one another , baffle . rick what , be we on spring break ? where the hell would you get that ? gary I get a in . 48 . fred with who ? gary guy who wash my dog . go ahead . he hold out the bag and the guy hesitate . gary ( cont 'd ) eat it be not like smoking it . it 's a much mellower buzz - - you will just feel relaxed . hog -head be they chocolatey ? as hog - head sniff the brownie , Rick take a practice swing . rick hog-head , come on , who eat pot brownie at eleven in the morning when they be play golf ? hog -head John Daly ? gary and by the way , Rick , this be spring break ! you have get a hall pass ! live it up , man ! it will probably help you rap with the lady later . hog -head Gary 's right -- when be we ever gonna get the chance to do pot brownie again ? hog - head take a brownie and bite into it . hog -head ( cont 'd ) mmm . this be yummy . rick you do not even have a hall pass . hog -head so ? I can still live vicariously through you guy , can not I ? rick it 's not vicarious if you be actually do it . hog -head whatever . just hit you ball . hog - head take another bite . fred oh , what the hell , it 's not like my game can get any worse . 49 . Rick watch Fred pick up a brownie and tentatively taste it . then Gary inhales he in one bite . rick all right , give I one of that thing . as Rick drop he club and walk toward the brownie , we super : 75 minute later ext . golf course - day a daze and confuse Rick and Fred be reclining in they cart in the middle of the fairway . for a while neither of they speak . then : fred what kind of soap do you use ? rick ( beat ) you mean in the shower ? fred yeah . rick dove . fred yeah , I like dove - - it do not dry you skin so much . Fred stare into space . fred ( cont 'd ) sometimes it 's hard to wash off , though . because of the moisturizer . you ever notice --? rick I think hog-head 's dead . Fred look over and see hog-head sprawled out on he back in a sand trap . he 's not move . fred ( calling out ) hog-head ...? be you okay ? as hog-head start to make snow angel in the sand , a elderly course ranger pull up in a golf cart . ranger what the hell be he do ? Rick and Fred grow visibly tense at the sight of a authority figure . rick uh , he 's have back spasm . 50 . ranger not he . him . Rick and Fred turn and see Gary stand chest -deep in the middle of a pond just staring at they . rick ( calling out ) Gary ! what be you do ?! gary I do not know - - you tell I ! Gary start to laugh maniacally . the Ranger turn to Rick , annoyed . ranger look , this be the third time I have have to flag you group and you be only on the fourth hole . now if I have to come out here again , you be do for the day . rick gotcha . we will pick it up , sir . the Ranger shoot they a look and drive off toward the two asian foursomes wait on the tee behind they . CUT to : super : 27 minute later ext . golf course - day the four guy be unnaturally bunched together on another fairway . rick think . where do you last see it ? gary on the course . rick where on the course ? gary I do not know - - on a fairway , I think . I clot out , grab my club , take a swing , and when I turn around it have disappear . rick you be serious ? you be tell we you lose you golf cart ? fred ( stoner voice ) dude , where 's my golf cart ? 51 . rick shut up , Fred . hog -head guy , I gotta go poo again . gary I do not lose it , I think it be steal . rick ( annoyed ) who would steal a golf cart ? Gary shrug . gary criminal ? hog -head do anyone have any napkin ? gary look , all I know be I have it on the seventh tee and now it 's go . rick what be you talk about ? we be only on the sixth hole . gary what ? do we miss a hole ? where 's my kid ? Rick close he eye and rub he head , try to keep it together . then he notice something o.s.. rick oh , come on , man ! another angle reveal hog-head down in a greenside bunker pulling up he pant . as he start to kick sand over he o.s. poop like a cat in its litter box , we hear a noise and the guy look up . there Pov - the golf Ranger come fly over a hill head straight for they . fred run for it ! the guy run toward Rick 's cart , jump in , and take off . Rick and Fred be in the seat , while Gary and hog-head hang off the back . the cart barrel down a cart path with the Ranger hot in pursuit . gary he 's gain on we ! rick I can not go any faster , I have get it floor ! 52 . fred cut through the wood ! without slow down , Rick turn sharply to the right and Gary and hog-head tumble out of the cart . with panic etched across they sweaty face , Gary and hog - head quickly jump to they foot and run after the cart . Rick slow just enough for they to catch up and jump back on , then he speed down a maintenance path and disappear into the wood . ext . sidewalk cafe - day Ed and kimmy Long be sit at a outside table have lunch with they two young child . they 7 - Year - Old daughter be again dress just like she mother and the 5 - Year - Old Son be dress like the father . 7 - year-old daughter hey , Mom , look ! the family turn to see ... there Pov - a stone - look Rick , Fred , hog-head and Gary be drive the golf cart down the city street . they stop at a traffic light beside they . all the guy stare straight ahead , zombie - like , except for Fred who notice the long . he nod . fred ed. kimmy . clone . the light change and as the golf cart drive off through the busy intersection , we go back on ed and kimmy shaking they head . kimmy they poor wife . smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 3 ext . baseball field - late afternoon it 's a picture perfect day as a thousand people watch a cape cod League baseball game rom the comfort of they picnic blanket . the home team have load the basis in the bottom of the ninth and Grace , maggie , maggie' parent , and the kid be clapping along with the crowd . crack ! the batter hit a rope to right field , and as the tying and winning run score the place goe wild . same scene - later the player and fan mingle on the field immediately after the game . 53. Grace and maggie stand near the pitcher 's mound as they watch maggie 's kid run the basis . the wife look tanned and refreshed from several day lay on the beach . just then a big , goofy kid name gerry approach . he 's a strapping 22 - year-old first baseman from Puerto Rico with a perpetual shit -eating grin . gerry hey , I be Gerry -- thanks for come out and support we . maggie oh , it be fun . you guy look good . gerry thanks . Gerry glance back at he teammate who be clearly egging he on . gerry ( cont 'd ) so ...we see you sit up there with that little kid -- be you nanny or something ? the girl be not immune to flattery and they smile . maggie no , they be my kid . gerry ( dubious ) yeah , right . you have three kid ? maggie uh-huh . a couple other player amble over . gerry dude , they be not nanny , they be mommy . player # 2 no way ?! grace well , she be , not I . I be not old enough yet . maggie and the player laugh . rick coleman ( o.s. ) guy ! the player turn to see they coach , rick coleman , approach with maggie' father , mid -70' . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) time to pack thing up -- let 's go ! 54 . the player quickly scatter . maggie' father maggie , Grace , this be Rick coleman - - the coach . Rick coleman be a granite - jaw 38 - year- old with a good head of hair and a easy - go manner . rick coleman I hope that clown be not bother you . maggie oh , no , they be sweet . grace yeah . cute kid . maggie so you be the guy who 's be take money off my dad every Saturday on the golf course ? rick coleman I hate to break it to you but you old man 's the one who 's be take all the money -- he 's a thief . maggie 's Father laugh . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) hey , everyone 's come back to my place for some beer and a barbecue - - why do not you join we ? maggie oh , thanks , but we have gotta get the kid home . maggie' father you mom and I will take them home . you two go out and have a good time - - cripe , you have not be out all week . Grace perk up at this . maggie oh , I do not know , dad , we really hadn't planned -- grace Excuse I , can I have a word with you ? Grace pull maggie aside . grace ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) what 's you problem ? 55 . maggie oh , come on , Grace , this guy be barely out of college , and , in case you have forget , we be marry . grace to who ? last I hear , Rick and Fred have the week off from marriage . so remind I again -- who be we marry to ? maggie think about this . maggie well ... I guess one beer will not kill we . grace ( smiling ) that 's my girl . Grace glance over at the ballplayer . grace ( cont 'd ) why should not we have fun ? God know we guy be live it up . CUT to : a close - up of hog -head hog -head what would you guy rather do -- make - out with a guy or let he blow you ? pull back to reveal that ... int . espn sport zone bar - continuous . we five guy be sit at the bar drink beer and devour plate of hot wing . around they we see about fifty tv 's blaring twenty different sport event . there 's espn logo everywhere and not a woman in sight . hog -head ( cont 'd ) and you have gotta pick one or someone in you family will die -- that 's the rule . gary oh boy , that 's a toughie . fred how long would you have to make - out with he ? hog -head ten minute . rick tongue ? 56 . hog -head of course . fred and how long would he have to blow you ? hog -head Seven minute . gary oof . I mean , get blow by a dude be bad , but make out with a guy , it 's so .. . intimate . rick you think it 's more intimate than get blow by a guy ? gary Way more . baker all right , the hell with this shit , I be outta here . Baker get up from he stool . rick ( taken aback ) what ? why ? baker I want to watch you guy pick up chick , not talk about dick . fred hey , grease lightning , let off the gas -- sometimes this thing take time . gary Baker 's right . this be day three and you have not even talk to a girl . rick ( pointed ) that 's not exactly accurate , Gary . thanks to you scrumptious brownie , I do spend half of last night talk to Judy on the drug - and - poison hotline . hog-head and Gary stand . hog -head I guess I be gonna get go , too . gary yeah , this be boring . you guy be pussy . 57 . fred hey , I have not see you guy talk to any girl . baker we do not have hall pass ! ( shake head ) come on , guy , let 's go . the three friend start to leave but hog-head stop and turn . hog -head hey , guy , it 's all right if you strike - out .. . but for godsake , at least take a couple of swing . a moment later the guy be go and a humble Rick and Fred sit there feel alone . fred ( be brave ) this be actually good -- you know , that they be leave . you do not need five hunter to bag two bird . rick no , you do not . and I love that guy but , let 's be honest , they be not exactly chick - magnet . fred you can say that again . yep , the steak always look better if you trim away some of the fat . and let 's face it , we be the steak . rick dream team , baby . the guy clink beer . then : rick ( cont 'd ) maybe we should call the girl and ask they to come home . Fred glance at he , aghast . fred what ? rick who be we kid , man ? do you really think we be go to be pick up any girl this week ? fred why would not we ? rick because that 's not we anymore . fred wait a second . you want to quit ? 58 . rick Fred , we be not the same guy we be fifteen year ago , back when we be single . we have change . Fred stare at he , incredulous . fred no , man , you have change . all you care about be yourself -- what about all the guy out there who be count on we to make this thing work ? rick what be you talk about ? fred do not you get it ? ( dramatic beat ) we be the choose one ! Fred stand up and point at Rick . fred ( cont 'd ) that 's right -- this thing be bigger than we ! we wife do not give we this hall pass , the good Lord do ! and what do we have to show for it ? nothing . rick come off it , Fred . obviously hook up be not something we really want -- if it be , we could have do it by now . fred could we have ? Rick be take aback by this . rick ( waning confidence ) well ...of course . I mean , if we would really want to . fred guess what ? I do want to . and you know how close I get ? we be three day in and the only woman I have speak to be we waitress at Outback . and she never even make eye-contact . rick I do not really care if some waitress make eye-contact . I want to go home -- I miss my wife and kid . 59 . fred let I explain something to you : if Grace and maggie find out we can not get laid on we own , they will start think we need they to get laid . do you know what that will do to the balance of power in we home ? it will destroy it ! Rick think about this and grow alarmed . rick well , what if we just tell they that we do hook up ? fred we can not . Grace will know . she always know when I be lie . rick hey , what about a massage parlor ? fred no ! that 's give up . Fred glare at he . fred ( cont 'd ) you do not get it , do you ? a hall pass be not all about sex . it 's about be man enough to pick up a woman even though you may not be what -- in the traditional sense -- be consider ... ( make quote with finger ) .good-look , or ... ( finger quote again ) .appeal . Rick seem stung by this news . fred ( cont 'd ) look , if we can not show that something positive can come from have a hall pass , then the whole concept be dead . not just for we ... but for all mankind . Rick think about this for a moment , then stand up with a renewed sense of purpose . rick all right , let 's get out of here . I know exactly where we should be . CUT to : ext . ball team beach house - night the party 's in full swing . a hundred or so player , player be girlfriend , and friend be in and out of the pool , drink beer and rock out to arcade Fire on the boombox . 60 . angle on maggie and Rick coleman sip beer while in the b.g. we see Grace playing volleyball in the pool ( still in the short and t-shirt she wear that afternoon . ) maggie so how about you , Rick , do you have any child ? rick coleman Nah , but maybe some day . you mom keep talk about hook I up with you cousin kate . maggie laugh . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) that 's not a good sign . maggie no , I hardly know she . she move to Miami when I be eight . rick coleman that 's what you mom say . I coach at the University of Miami . maggie then you should go out with she . rick coleman Nice try . ( beat ) so how about yourself -- how long you be marry ? maggie uh ... fourteen year . we be college sweetheart . rick coleman Nice . and where be he this week ? maggie he 's up in Boston . rick coleman poor guy . all work and no play , huh ? maggie force a smile . maggie something like that . suddenly Grace be propelled out of the water and up onto gerry' shoulder . grace stop it ! what be you do ?! 61 . Gerry laugh and bounce around the pool and Grace and maggie and the coach can not help but laugh along with he , as we CUT to : ext . ramada inn - night Rick and Fred pull into the hotel 's lot in the mini-van . as Rick get out , Fred reach behind he seat and come out clutching a motorcycle helmet . Rick stare at he . fred ( defensive ) chick dig motorcycle . int . ramada inn oldie be bar - night it 's 80' night and a Hall &amp ; oate cover band be playing complete with look -alike , except oate be black . behind the band there 's a banner that read : ' ramada Inn proudly welcome the mutual of omaha Leadership Council ! ' we see middle - age corporate type everywhere . darryl hall ( singing ) " . . oh - oh here she come , watch out boy she will chew you up . oh - oh here she come , she 's a maneater ... " angle on the bar where Rick and Fred be check out the scene . Fred be wearing the helmet . ( it 's a huge black , oversize helmet with a visor . ) he pull it off , shake out he hair , and place it prominently on the bar . fred jackpot , baby . Rick notice something o.s.. rick how about that two ? angle on two pretty latino women sit alone at a table . fred ooh , yeah . daddy like . Fred pull a piece of paper out of he back pocket and hand it to Rick . rick what 's this ? fred I go on - line this afternoon and write down some good pick - up line to break the ice . rick ( reading ) ' hi . will you help I find my puppy ? I think he run into the cheap hotel across the street . ' 62 . fred that 's a good one -- except for one thing : we do not have a puppy , so when she get there she will realize we be full of shit . Rick shoot he a look . rick I do not think it 's suppose to be for real . it 's just to make she laugh so she will talk to you . Fred consider this . fred oh God no , it do not work on that level . here , this be my favorite . he take the paper from Rick . fred ( cont 'd ) ( reading ) ' you must be from Ireland because when I look at you my penis be Dublin . ' rick it 's a charmer but you know what ? we do not need phony pick - up line . why do not we just be ourselves ? fred great . if you know how to . Rick take a deep breath and brace himself . rick give I the helmet . Fred hand he the helmet , then Rick march up to the two latino woman with the helmet under he arm and Fred close on he heel . rick ( cont 'd ) hi. the woman give he a pleasant look . latino woman # 1 hello . Fred give a little wave from behind Rick . fred hola . long beat as Rick try to figure what to say next . then : rick well .. . this be awkward . I feel like I be back at my first junior high school mixer . 63. Rick and Fred force a laugh and the girl smile . another long , uncomfortable beat . Rick clear he throat . rick cont 'd ) so ...are you lady from Ireland ? latino woman # 2 no . rick . I be very surprised to hear that news , because when I look at you my penis double in size . the woman flinch at this , lose they smile . Fred lean in . fred no , he mean he dick be Dublin . like the city . in Ireland . as the girl turn away from they , we begin a ... music montage - Hall &amp ; oate ' I can not go for that play as we guy get shot down by a dozen different beautiful women . end montage same scene - later Rick and Fred be at the bar look tire and frustrate . rick I have this overwhelming urge to donkey - kick everyone in this bar . fred okay , tiger , keep you chin up -- no one say this be go to be easy . even in college you have to take fifty rejection for every score , remember ? rick yeah , but it do not sting so much when I be drunk . Fred perk up . fred that 's it ! we should be drink ! rick you be right . we be too stiff . fred Way too stiff . we gotta start pound them , get that creative juice flow , bring the soul to the surface . Rick smile . 64 . rick that 's when we be at we most charming ! smash CUT to : same scene - later a hammered Fred be holding a hand over one eye as he shout at a table full of gorgeous young women . fred you say no to I ? you say no to I ?! I say no to you ! he 's be restrain by a unusually patient bouncer . in the b.g. we see Rick passed out on a stool in a very awkward position . bouncer come on , buddy , let 's go ... the woman glare at Fred with disgust , maybe even a little amusement . fred no , screw they ! ( point at the woman ) you think you shit do not stink ?! well I get news for ya : I would not titty - bang you in a snow storm ! 20 - something woman ( mock ) , oh , please , sir , please titty - bang we in a snow storm ! the woman laugh . fred nope , you blow it , not gonna happen . bouncer ( still restrain Fred ) there you go , mister , you get them good . now let 's go . as the bouncer drag he toward the exit , a stunning girl pass they wearing tight leather pant with a american flag print on the butt . Fred turn to she . fred ( slurring ) hey , sweetie , you need a pole for that flag ? just then , the girl 's large boyfriend appear , and as he fist meet fred' face , we smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : 65 . day 4 int . rick and fred' HOTEL room - afternoon a snoring Rick be fast asleep , sprawle out on he back on the bed wearing only he boxer despite the clock next to he read 3:37 in the afternoon . he 's surround by several leave - over room service trays . another angle reveal Fred curled up naked on the bathroom floor , also snoring . he use a bath mat as a pillow . smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 5 establishing shot of coldwell banker real estate office - day int . coldwell banker office - same a worn-out-looking Rick be work at he desk when Fred approach ( with a black eye . ) fred I know what we have be do wrong . Rick lift he chin . fred ( cont 'd ) if we be gonna break out of this slump , we have get to start use we strength . and that be .. . people who know we , like we . so we should go after the woman we have already win over . rick you mean like we wife ? fred yeah , like that , but not they . Fred sit in the chair across from Rick . fred ( cont 'd ) I be think coffee girl . rick you have win over coffee girl ? fred well , I be sure she would recognize I . Rick think about this . rick look , if you really want to go after someone you already know , have you consider missy frankenfield ? 66 . Fred 's listen . rick ( cont 'd ) she 's get all the stat you like -- she 's beautiful , you k now she phone n ow - number , she 's freshly divorced ... fred which accord to hog-head mean she 's horny . rick bingo . as Fred smile , we CUT to : ext . cape cod beach - day maggie and Grace be lay outintheir bathing suit when they hear o.s. yelling and lookupto see the baseball player Gerry waterskiing toward they . helet go of the rope and skis up onto the shore . gerry what 's up , beach bunny ? Grace and maggie sit up and smile . grace what be you do here ? he kick off the ski , then run over and shake he wet body all over the girl . grace &amp ; maggie Gerry , stop it ! gerry hey , where be the kiddie ? we think we would take you all for a boat ride . maggie my parent take they to martha 's vineyard for the weekend . just then , we hear a loud horn . they look up to see the boat pull close to shore . Rick coleman be behind the wheel and a couple player be in the back . maggie wave . rick coleman ( through bullhorn ) all right , everybody aboard ! we be go waterskieng ! the two woman look at each other -- why not ? as they get up and run into the water , we CUT to : 67 . int . coffee shop - day Rick stand in line at the coffee shop look casual in slack and a Harvard t-shirt . Music play . he peer ahead and see the wannabe artist - type take the order of a teenage girl . at the other register , coffee girl be also take order . Rick be hope to get coffee girl but wannabe get to he first . wannabe can I take you order ? Rick see that there 's no one behind he . he turn to the wannabe . rick uh ... I do not know what I want . wannabe stare at he , wait . Rick hesitates a few moment , then level with the guy . rick ( cont 'd ) look , man , I want she to take my order . wannabe why ? rick uh , she know how I like it . wannabe ( attitude ) Little help , leigh -- you unique barista skill have be request . Rick wave weakly to leigh and wink . as leigh approach , wannabe mock Rick by wave at he and winking . leigh hi . what would you like ? Rick be hope to have a conversation but wannabe be crowd they . rick iced coffee . with two splendas . leigh ring he up . leigh that will be two dollar . Rick hand she a fiver and nod toward the speaker . rick by the way , nice tune . do you choose them or do they come down from corporate ? leigh me. it 's snow patrol . 68 . she hand Rick he change and he dump it in the tip jar . rick Nice soundtrack . pretty solid movie , too . wannabe bark out a laugh . wannabe dude , you be think of snow do s-- the Cuba good kiddie flick . this be snow patrol , the band . Rick shrug , a little embarrassed . leigh thanks for the tip . as leigh grab a cup and go to make the coffee , wannabe say something to she that we can't hear and they both laugh . a phone ring in the employee room . leigh hand wannabe the coffee , then run back to answer it . wannabe hand Rick the iced coffee and wink at he . wannabe enjoy you two - splenda would iced coffee , mister . Rick start to go , then turn around and stare at wannabe . wannabe , comfort by the counter between they , smile back . rick why be you smile ? you think this counter be some alligator - infest moat ? Rick 's stare become a glare and wannabe lose he smile . rick ( cont 'd ) this little ' I be - on - the-inside , too - cool - for-school , let 's - laugh - at - the - dorky -suburban-guy -cause -i'm-safe - on -this -side-of-the-counter ' routine 's gonna get you hurt . after you lose all of you family 's money on you avante garde piece of crap short film , you be go to need a job . and it 's guy like I that hire . and guy like I do not hire punk like you . so shape up . as Rick turn and walk out , we pan over to see that leigh have be watching this . ext . coffee shop - a few minute later Rick sit alone at a table on the sidewalk drink he coffee . he notice some postcard advertising a two - week free trial at the local gym and start to read they . leigh ( o.s. ) I work - out there . 69 . Rick look up , suddenly find himself alone with leigh . rick you do ? leigh nod and start to straighten up the table . rick ( cont 'd ) I work - out at home , but I be think of go public with my work -out . what do you squat ? she seem amused by this . leigh I do not really squat , just run on the hamster - wheel everyday after work . she start wiping down a table . coffee girl so do you go to Harvard ? she nod at Rick 's t-shirt . rick yeah . ( beat ) I mean , you know ... I go to a party there once . coffee girl giggle and Rick perk up . rick ( cont 'd ) ( re : shirt ) actually , this be Harvard Health Care . sleep apnea ... snore too much . ( hold up gym postcard ) so be this a good place to join ? leigh great place . Real chill . and they have a bar , so I always grab a beer after my workout . rick bitchin ' . sound like a nice routine . maybe I will routine it , too . leigh if you join , tell them leigh send you -- they will give I two free month . rick I will do that , leigh . leigh Rockin ' . leigh give he the peace sign . 70 . rick r-o-c - k in the u-s-a . leigh smile and as she head back inside , we CUT to : int . rick &amp ; fred' HOTEL room - day Fred be sit on he bed flipping through he address book until he come to missy frankenfield . he hit the speakerphone and dial . several ring later : missy frankenfield ( v.0 . ) hi , this be missy . sorry I miss you call . I be out of town for a few day , and I may have limited cell reception . please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can . beep . Fred mouth the word ' shit ' , then pick up the receiver . fred hey , missy , this be Fred sear . I . uh , I dust want to give you a ring and , um ... well , give I a call when you get back . it 's kind of a emergency . well , not life - threaten , but -- the machine cut he off . Fred hang up , deject . he sit there for a beat , then grab he key and goe out the door . CUT to : ext . strip mall - late afternoon tight on fred - he 's wear shade and have a baseball cap pull down over he eye . pull back to reveal that he 's outside a massage parlor . as he approach the massage parlor entrance , a bunch of lady walk out of the TRAVEL agency just to the right so Fred veer into the dry cleaners to the leave . int . dry cleaners - continuous Fred enter and immediately bump into kimmy Long ( Ed 's wife ) stand in line behind several other women . she be accompany by she 7 - year - old daughter and neither of they look happy to see he . fred oh , hi. kimmy nod blankly . the daughter glare at he . Fred nervously step up next to they in line , pass time as he wait for the sidewalk to clear . fred ( cont 'd ) um , I do not think I get a chance to tell you how impressed I be with you new place . absolutely elegant . 71 . kimmy grunt a thank you and turn away from he . angle on the korean lady who own the dry cleaner . she stand behind the desk with a accordion wall behind she . dry clean korean lady Mr. sear , you pick up last week -- no more clothes here ! Fred smile uncomfortably at kimmy . fred that 's right ... ( look at watch ) well , gotta get go -- I have a meeting across town in ten minute . see ya . Fred exit . ext . sidewalk - continuous Fred come out of the dry cleaner , make sure the coast be clear , then duck into the massage parlor . int . massage parlor - continuous a young korean woman be behind the counter . young korean woman you want massage ? Fred look around . there 's a old korean lady sit on a couch . he look at the Young Korean woman and nod . young korean woman ( cont 'd ) you fill out . the Young Korean woman hand Fred a form . Fred put it down and covertly move in . fred I would prefer no paper trail . young korean woman need for insurance company . fred I do not think my insurance company 's gonna cover this one . young korean woman ten dollar co-pay ? fred uh , no . young korean woman fill out form . it policy . Fred move in closer . 72 . fred look , I do not really want this in print . the Young Korean woman hand he back the form . young korean woman how I know what you want if you no fill out form ? fred um , could not I just tell you ? she stare at he for a long beat . young korean woman so , what you wait for ?! Fred glance back at the Old Korean Lady , then whisper in the Young Korean woman 's ear . she nod and look at he . young korean woman ( cont 'd ) okay .. . but must see i.d. first . Fred sigh and pull out a hundred - dollar bill . fred how about a C - note so I do not have to fill out any form or show any i.d. 's ? the Young Korean woman think about this for a moment , then slide OPEN the accordion wall behind she , revealing ... the dry cleaners next door - the dry Cleaning Korean Lady look back at he , along with kimmy Long , she daughter , and all the other women in line . young korean woman gentleman want a rub-and - tug with tea - bag happy end but do not fill out form ! kimmy Long glare at he , appal . as Fred backpedal out of the massage parlor , he wave at she weakly , and we ... CUT to : ext . party boat - day one hundred guest dance on the top deck of this large ship as the bee gee 's night fever blast from the speaker . song . night fever , night fever .. . we know how to do it ... ' as the song heat up , the crowd part , revealing ... Rick coleman and Gerry deck - out in white , tony -manaro-suits . they be dancing up a STORM with maggie and Grace who be thrilled to be in such capable hand . Grace be get toss around a bit , but it 's clear that maggie can hold she own on a dance floor . 73. the crowd soon form a circle around the two couple , and as Rick and Gerry swing and lift we delighted and breathless wife , we CUT to : same scene - later maggie and Rick coleman be stand at the rail of the boat take a breather . rick coleman wow . you can really move out there . maggie shrug modestly . maggie thanks . I be a dance major in college . rick coleman really ? I always wonder -- what do you do with a degree in dance ? maggie well , as it turn out , nothing . ( blushing ) I guess the original plan be to go to New York and try to hook - up with one of the big dance company , but then I get marry and . . . you priority change . she look away , maybe a little embarrassed . maggie ( cont 'd ) anyway , that be fun . I have not dance this much in a long time . rick coleman why not ? maggie I do not know , you get busy , kid , school , there 's so much go on . rick coleman well you gotta make time for the stuff you love or you will forget who you be . maggie appreciate the sentiment . she make strong eye - contact with Rick for a moment , but catch herself and look away . maggie you know , my husband 's name be Rick . Rick smile at this . 74 . rick coleman well that make I the perfect guy to have a affair with -- you would never have to worry about scream out the wrong name during sex . maggie smile at this , but she seem a nick uncomfortable . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) I be kid . maggie I know . rick coleman now come on , let 's go find Grace and get something to eat . I be starve . as they head back to the party , we CUT to : int . rick's toyota avalon - late afternoon Rick be park across the street from FITNESS firm health club . he 's read the newspaper and glance at the entrance for leigh . suddenly there 's a loud tap on the window and Rick look over to see flat ( who we meet at Rick 's poker night ) stand outside with a shit-eate grin . Rick roll down the window . flat hey , Rick . rick ( startled ) oh ...hey , flat . how you do , man ? flat great . what 's up with you ? how 's that hall pass thing go ? Rick make a scooby doo sound , alarmed . rick who tell you about that -- be it hog - head ? flat no . some old lady be yakking about it down at the post office . Rick react to this . flat ( cont 'd ) ( big smile ) so what 's the deal -- you get laid ? rick ( defensive ) what ? no . 75 . rick ( cont 'd ) I do not know where you be get you information , flat , but a hall pass be not just about get laid , it 's about get a week off from marriage to do as you please -- whether that be fishing , or watch tv , whatever it be that relax you . flat ( dubious ) oh , I do not know that . just then Rick notice leigh ( dress in work - out clothes ) walk down the sidewalk toward the gym . rick uh , flatsy , I gotta run . I be late for my work - out appointment . when Rick hop out of he car , we see that he 's wear gym short and a old springsteen t-shirt . he hesitates , then grab a sweatshirt out of the car and tie it around he waist . Rick hurry down the sidewalk toward leigh . rick ( cont 'd ) hey , girl ! leigh ( smiling ) all right ! you decide to go for it . as Rick follow leigh into the gym , a smile flat call out : flat hey , Rick ! good luck with the fishing ! as flat begin to laugh , a sheepish Rick scurries into the building . int . FITNESS firm health club - moment later Rick and leigh stand at the front desk . a young , buff dude , clyde , look up from fold towel . leigh clyde , this be my friend , uh ... rick Rick . leigh he 's look to join . clyde great . I will get you sign up . leigh pat Rick 's hand . leigh see ya . 76 . she turn to leave . rick so , uh , be you gonna grab a brewski after you work - out ? leigh Nah . Rick look disappointed . leigh ( cont 'd ) I be gonna grab two . leigh flash he a smile and as she walk away , she give he the peace sign . he return it . rick peace it ! as soon as he hear himself , Rick cringe . CUT to : close on rick's face - he 's wear the headphone and have work up a pretty good sweat . pull back to reveal that he 's sitting on the toilet . int . health club - men' locker room - several minute later we hear a flush . Rick shuffles out of a stall and move to a sink . while he wash he hand , a young , naked , metrosexual - type whip he leg into the sink beside he . Rick slowly turn to look . rick's Pov - as the metrosexual talk to another naked man , he fill he hand with shaving cream and the hand disappear between he own legs . the guy continue they conversation , unfaze . then the metrosexual start to shave he ball . as Rick dry he hand , he can not contain himself . rick what 's that about -- you swim the English Channel ? the metrosexual shoot Rick a annoyed look . metrosexual Nah , just not into look like the knuckle - drag guy on the evolution - of - man chart . off Rick look self - consciously down at he fur-cover body , we go ... int . hot tub room - a few minute later Rick enter the empty hot tub room , take off he towel , and ease into the steaming water . he hit a button and the jet kick on full blast , turn the hot tub into a bubbly cauldron . 77 . rick oh ...yes . he bunch up he towel and put it behind he head , then settles in and close he eye . dissolve to : same scene - later Rick be in a deep sleep . his mouth be wide open but he head be barely above water as he snore loudly . he dip beneath the surface and as he begin to choke and cough , he wake up . Rick take a moment to get he bearing , then struggle to get out of the hot tub . but he muscle have turned to jelly . rick ( weakly ) Little help ... when none come , a life - and - death struggle ensue as the flabby , middle - age dad try to climb to safety . rick ( cont 'd ) help ...me ... just as Rick start to go under , the two young naked metrosexual hear he moan and come to he rescue . they jump in the hot tub and heave he ashore . as Rick gasp for air , one of the metrosexual kneel down and lift Rick 's head onto he naked lap . naked metrosexual # 1 be you have chest pain , sir ? rick ( winded ) no , no , I think I be ... in the hot tub too long . I can not feel my body . naked metrosexual # 2 how long be you in there ? rick what time be it ? naked metrosexual # 2 seven-thirty . rick about three hour . that 's when Rick realize that he head be resting on the guy cock . he try to roll off he , but metrosexual # 1 hold he tight . naked metrosexual # 1 try not to move , sir . rick I be okay , just help I up . 78 . naked metrosexual # 1 ( to metrosexual # 2 ) all right , give he a hand . metrosexual # 2 straddle Rick 's chest and lean down to pull he up . as Rick start to rise , he face come perilously close to the second man be o.s. dangling cock and Rick have to turn he head to avoid contact . they finally get Rick to he foot . as the naked man help he across the room , we angle on - two tanned , hairless metrosexual asse flanking Rick 's hirsute butt . rick okay , thanks , guy . I can take it from here . the metrosexual release Rick and he get about two step before he legs give out and he tumble down a SMALL flight of step . smash CUT to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 6 int . rick and fred' HOTEL room - day a depressed Rick and Fred sit in bed numb they pain by watching the bourne supremacy and eat a couple pint of BEN and jerry's ice cream . fred we let down the male species . ( sigh ) I really think we hall pass might change the philosophy of marriage in America . Fred eat a big scoop of ice cream . fred ( cont 'd ) ( with mouth - full ) I envision a national holiday , right between July 4th and Labor Day , like the first Friday in August , Hall pass Day ; a day for husband to get some strange , a day that would forever be know as the holiday , that save the institution of marriage . rick all right , do not give up . fred I be not give up , I be face fact - - this be we last day and we get nothing cooking . maybe you be right . maybe we should just tell the girl to come home . 79 . rick no . I want the hall pass . Fred look at Rick , surprised . rick ( cont 'd ) at first I be not sure , but now I want the dream . fred I be not even sure I know what the dream be anymore . rick I just ... I just want to know what it 's like to be with another woman . fred well , just pull up one of the golden oldy in you spank bank -- it 's almost like be there . rick I do not have anything in that spank bank . fred I be talk about all the girl before you meet maggie . Rick do not say anything . fred ( cont 'd ) what ? ( beat ) no , you be not serious ? Rick lower he head . fred ( cont 'd ) wait a second , be you say ...? ( beat ) but how can that be -- you do not meet maggie until college ? rick ( defensive ) yeah , so ? what do you think , everyone get laid in high school ? I get news for you , mister -- get laid in high school be not a right , it 's a privilege . Fred put down he ice cream . Rick sigh . rick ( cont 'd ) first class , first day , freshman year , I see maggie - - she be sit three seat away in western civ-- and I fall in love instantly . I begge she for three month to go out with I , she finally cave , and that night I tell she I love she . 80 . rick ( cont 'd ) eighty - four day later she tell I she love I back and we have be together ever since . Fred stare at he . fred wow . that 's a really creepy story . just then Fred 's cell phone ring and he answer it . fred ( cont 'd ) hello . ( beat ) yeah . ( beat ) oh , okay , great . Fred hang up but do not say anything . rick who be that ? fred just a angel from heaven . suddenly Fred jump to he foot . fred ( cont 'd ) coakley 's back in town ! as Rick 's face fill with renew hope , we ... CUT to : int . beach cottage - afternoon maggie and Grace be sit at the kitchen table gaze at a bouquet of flowers and a open gift BOX display a engraved i.d. bracelet . maggie do this mean you be go steady ? grace ( guilty ) that 's not funny . I feel terrible -- the poor kid 's spend all he hard - earn money on I -- that 's sad . cute , but sad . maggie Grace , you should be flatter . you be thirty - eight - year - old and college kid be still swoon over you . grace well I just feel bad if I give he the wrong impression . 81 . maggie the wrong impression ? what make you think that -- I mean , besides the flower , i.d. bracelet , and love letter ? maggie pick up a card . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( reading ) ' dearest Grace -- we final game be tonight . please meet I at the coach 's place afterwards to celebrate . your truly , Gerry . ' grace thanks for pile on . Grace stand up and sigh . grace ( cont 'd ) well ... I can not accept this . I guess I be just gonna have to go set he straight . CUT to : establishing shot of a pizzeria uno - night int . pizzeria uno - same Rick and Fred be sit at a table share a pizza while Fred text someone . rick what be you do ? fred just texting missy frankenfield that we be go to be at enter the Dragon -- I be cover all my basis . rick you do not need missy frankenfield tonight . if we can not get the job do with coakley as we wingman , then we be pathetic . just then , Fred notice something o.s. fred all right , here come da man ! close on restaurant entrance - a suave , debonair man ( play by George clooney ) come through the door and stop to check out the room . Rick and Fred jump up and approach he with OPEN arm but at the last second clooney step aside revealing a thin , balding man dress head -to-toe in motorcycle leather ( think Larry David . ) fred &amp ; rick coakley ! 82. coakley my two favorite nutsucker -- how the hell be ya ?! the three man hug , then coakley nod toward clooney . coakley cont 'd ) see who just walke ( in here in front of I ? rick no , who ? coakley George clooney . fred what 's he do here ? coakley I do not know -- must be shoot a movie or something . fred huh. look , man , we have get a situation on we hand . coakley yeah , yeah , Baker fill I in . s'been rough sledding , huh ? coakley put he arm around the two guy . coakley ( cont 'd ) well , do not worry , my little snickerdick ... coakley 's here . CUT to : ext . enter the dragon night club - night a mass of beautiful girl and slick guy vie for position outside this crowded club . reverse angle reveal Rick , Fred and coakley watch from across the street . coakley I be gonna need three - hundred buck . fred for what ? coakley shoot he a look . coakley if you be really serious about this , stop question I . the guy look at each other , then reluctantly cough up the dough . with money in hand , coakley march confidently across the street follow by Fred and Rick . when the slick bouncer see they approach , he part the crowd . 83. slick bouncer good evening , Mr. coakley . coakley what up , my guy ? coakley pass on the money with a handshake and the bouncer unhook the velvet rope . then coakley smile back at Fred and Rick . coakley ( cont 'd ) push the defrost button on the microwave , boy . the deep freeze be over . int . enter the dragon night club - night coakley lead they into the club . Rick and Fred can not believe all the beautiful people around they . coakley okay , guy , you try it you way and you raile miserably . you strike out , you be oh-for - everything . so now we do it my way , which be ... the guy look at coakley like Richard gere look at the dalai lama . coakley ( cont 'd ) . go ugly early . Rick and Fred be visibly deflate . coakley ( cont 'd ) guy , you be not try to get marry here -- you be try to get laid . rick be not you the guy who go to the Hawaiian tropic final every year ? be that for the ugly girl ? coakley I go to the tropic final because miss North dakota 's gonna lose and she 's gonna need a hug . and quite often you can parlay a hug into a hand - job . Rick , you be up -- get we two bottle of moet and six glass . Rick shoot Fred a look , then weave he way through a scrum of people up to the bar . he try to flag down a bartender but can not get anyone 's attention . paige ( o.s. ) hi , Mr. Mills . Rick turn to see that he 's cramme in beside he babysitter paige who 's look a little tipsy . 84 . rick oh , hey , paige . what be you do here ? she pull out she license and hold it up . paige I turn twenty - one yesterday . ( drunken smile ) I be legal now . rick oh. well , happy birthday . you out celebrate ? paige yeah , I be here with my aunt meg . paige point across the club to aunt meg , a strike redhead , early 40' , who 's talk to a couple of young men . paige ( cont 'd ) she 's the best . forty - two year old but she still party like she 's my age . rick Nice . Rick continue to try to get the bartender 's attention . paige so , Rick , how 's the hall pass go ? paige smirk at Rick who shrink a little . paige ( cont 'd ) you do not mind if I call you Rick , do you ? I be officially a adult now . rick no , of course not -- what do you just say ? paige I be ask about you hall pass . ( off Rick 's look ) I baby - sit for the putney and I hear Gary talk about it the other night at they barbecue . Rick react to this . rick he be talk about it at a barbecue ?! paige oh , he be not say it in a bad way . 85 paige ( cont 'd ) in fact , I think it be very classy of you to be stay at the holiday Inn Express instead of bring girl back to you home with all the kid ' picture and schoolwork tape up everywhere . Rick force a smile . rick thank you . a male bartender , 25 , finally appear in front of Rick . rick ( cont 'd ) yeah , um , two bottle of moet and six glass please . paige eye Rick as she sip she drink . paige so do it work both way ? rick what ? paige the hall pass . do you wife get one , too . rick ( amuse ) uh , no , no . a hall pass be for man only . paige oh . who make that rule ? rick well ...um ... as Rick think about this , paige move in tighter . paige by the way , I kind of owe you a apology . ( lower she voice , bash last week ful ) when you drive I home , I should not have snap at you like that . rick oh , do not worry about it . it be a big misunderstanding . paige no , it be not . she take a moment , look around . 86 . paige ( cont 'd ) if you think I be come on to you that night , it 's because ... I be . Rick flinch at this . just then the bartender return with the champagne . Rick fumble through he pocket and finally pay . then he 's leave alone with paige and she coed - in- love - with - the-professor eye and she suddenly heaving cleavage . rick yeah . um ... I have to go , paige , but it be great see you . paige grab Rick 's arm as he try to go . she look suddenly annoyed . paige be you serious ? you be do this again ... even with a hall pass ? rick paige , you be my kid ' babysitter . have a happy birthday . as Rick walk away , we go back on coakley and fred as Rick arrive with the champagne . coakley here we go , bubbles doth floweth . fred Holy crap ... look who 's here . the guy turn to see the coffee girl , leigh , walk past with two of she girlfriend . she see they and light up . leigh hey , Rick ! what happen yesterday -- I think we be gonna grab a beer ? Fred look at Rick , confuse . rick ( sheepish ) yeah , I get a little catch up in my curl and rep and shit . ( changing subject ) so be this you playground ? leigh Nah , I have never be here , but a friend of mine 's dj - ing tonight so I promise he I would come . just then wannabe from the coffee shop swoo 's in and give leigh a kiss on the cheek . he have a pair of headphone hang around he neck . wannabe wassup , girl ? 87 . wannabe notice Rick and lose he smile . wannabe ( cont 'd ) oh. hey . what be you do here -- you audit the place ? rick actually , I work for sirius xm Radio -- we be look to hire some new deejay so I be check out all the club . wannabe stiffen , suddenly respectful . wannabe oh. cool . be you serious ? rick not ! leigh be amused by this , but she try to hide it from the deflate wannabe . wannabe ( annoyed ) oh , that 's hip . Real fresh . ( turn to leigh ) why do not you hit the dance floor -- the next song 's gonna be for you . as leigh 's girlfriend pull she onto the dance floor , wannabe return to he deejay booth . fred ( glaring ) beer ? when be you two go to have a beer ? rick ( guilty ) no , no , no , leigh and I just belong to the same gym and happen to be there at the same time yesterday afternoon . fred what gym do you belong to and where the hell be I ? coakley well , accord to kimmy Long , you be at the massage parlor try to get a rub-and - tug without fill out the paperwork . this take the wind out of Fred 's sail . rick what ? coakley chuckle and Rick glare at Fred . 88. rick ( cont 'd ) I think the massage parlor be admit defeat ? fred I have a knot in my neck -- why the hell do not you tell I you see coffee girl ?! coakley okay , guy , cut the crap . we be all here for the same thing . and I will give you a hint what that thing be : it begin with a ' p ' and end with a 'ussy . ' coakley put he arm around Fred . coakley ( cont 'd ) now relax , fredd , everyone 's gonna get take care to . ( look out at crowd ) we just gotta find you a gazelle with a bad wheel . fred huh ? coakley spot something . coakley ooh -- there 's a couple of trainwreck . let 's go . fred ( alarm ) whoa -- wait a second . but coakley steer Fred over to two chubby , not-so-attractive blond lay on a ' bed ' in the corner . coakley lady , this be my friend Fred pinkberry -- he yogurt company just go public and he 's out celebrate . he would like to offer you a flute of champagne . the chubby blond perk up . chubby blonde # 1 I love pinkberry ! as the girl make room for a reluctant Fred , we go ... back across the room where we see Rick watch leigh and she hot girlfriend dance . leigh catch Rick stare . he smile and clumsily shoot she the peace sign . finally , he take a deep breath and dance he way up next to her . rick so .. .having a good time ? 89 . leigh chillin ' . rick I too . just chillin ' and wigglin' . long beat as they dance . then : rick ( cont 'd ) I have not be ancing in a long time . leigh ( teasing ) I can tell . rick oh yeah ? just try to keep up . she smile at this , then coakley dance up beside rick and pull he aside . coakley abort ! abort ! you stand not a chance . rick no , no , I think we be start to gel . coakley roll he eye . coakley no , no , you be mistaken . look , dude , this be not operation cock - block here -- now trust I , retreat . Rick glance back at leigh , tear . she look fantastic . rick coak , I be never gonna have another hall pass , so this memory have to last a lifetime . . . you know what I mean ? coakley look at leigh and sigh . coakley all right , I will be at the bar when this thing blow up in you face . as Rick dance back over to leigh , we ... pan across the room to the pissed - off wannabe watch they from the deejay booth . wannabe ( into mic ) all right , ' all , adult - swim 's over . now if you be bear before 1980 you be gonna want to step off the floor ' cause we be about to kick it up . 90 . on rick - he look over at wannabe but continue to dance . rick be this guy you boyfriend or something ? leigh no , no , no . she wave it off , then shrug guiltily . leigh ( cont 'd ) one time we mess around a little . rick and what do ' mess around a little ' mean this day ? leigh anal . Rick try hard to act nonchalant . leigh ( cont 'd ) I be kid . he kiss I one night and I kiss back -- I should not have . wannabe ( o.s. ) seriously , you grandpappy better get off the floor before someone fall and break a hip ! Rick point at wannabe . rick ( calling back ) just play you funky music , white boy ! as the music shift gear and become faster and louder , we CUT to : int . beach cottage - night maggie 's at the sink clean up when she notice that the answering machine light be blinking . she dry she hand , then push the button . hispanic woman' voice ( v.0 . ) ( on answer machine ) hola , maggie , this be isabel . I go to clean the house today but nobody have be there or sleep in any of the bed this week , so I just clean the window and leave early . I hope you do not mind . close on a concerned - look maggie . she move to the window , stare at the light on the ocean . 91 . rick coleman ( o.s. ) hey . maggie turn to see Rick coleman stand out on she front porch . maggie oh. hey . she go to the screen door . rick coleman think you might want to help I celebrate the end of the season . he hold up a grocery bag . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) I get some good late - night eat . maggie hesitates a moment . then she open the door and let he in . CUT to : int . enter the dragon night club - night a bored - look Fred be smoosh between the chubby blond on the bed . chubby blonde # 1 it be the grey -- you know , the tall , skinny alien -- and they be all over my yard , but -- and here 's the weird thing -- I be not at all afraid of they so when they ask I if I want to get in they spaceship , I say , ' sure , ' and I walk right on . chubby blonde # 2 oh my God , you be so brave ! I would never , ever in a million year climb into one of that thing . Fred , would you ever just walk into a ufo on you own ? fred ( deadpan ) if they come right now I would , sure . missy frankenfield ( o.s. ) there you be ! Fred look up to see missy frankenfield approach . fred oh my god ! you be here ! Fred jump off the bed and give missy a hug . 92 fred ( cont 'd ) franken -berry , how the heck be ya ?! she return the embrace , but not quite as tight . fred ( cont 'd ) you look incredible ! missy frankenfield ( clearly uncomfortable ) thanks , Fred , you look good , too . fred never feel better . missy nod . missy frankenfield I have to say , I can not believe I be actually here -- I be on my way home from dinner when I notice you text . so what 's this big emergency ? fred huh ? oh , uh , yeah . by 'emergency ' I just mean that there 's some important stuff I want to talk to you about . you know , one on one , I and you -- without all the husband and wife and hoopla . so how be you ? missy frankenfield I be ... good . fred no , I mean how - be - you . Inside . what 's happenin ' in there ? there must be all sort of emotion churn up with the divorce and everything . she give he a long look . missy frankenfield maybe we should go somewhere else -- this do not seem like the best place to spill one 's gut . just then , coakley swoops in and pull Fred aside . coakley ( under breath ) what part of ' go ugly early ' do not you understand ? you have get a better chance of win husband - of - the - year than tagging that chiquita . Fred flinch at this . fred but ... I know she . she say she want to leave with I . 93. coakley then she 's insane -- run for the hill . fred coak , the woman 's go through a divorce . she 's not insane , she 's just make really poor decision right now . ( hand he he car key ) here , give Rick the key to my mini- van . I be gonna go back to the hotel with missy . coakley look back at missy and soften . coakley it 's you funeral , princess . back on rick and leigh dance up a storm . Rick be out of breath and sweat like a pig . his shirt be soak and he hair be drip wet . leigh be you okay -- you keep check you pulse ? rick Nah , I be fine . I have a little chest cramp during the last song , but I work through it . she smile at this . leigh come on , let 's sit this one out . I need a breather . they move to the bar and Rick start drying himself with a stack of cocktail napkin . leigh ( cont 'd ) so what 's up with the ring ? he look at he finger , then back at she . rick um ...have you ever hear of a hall pass ? CUT to : ext . ball team beach house - night Grace pull up in she camry and get out . she hear music come from inside and hesitates a beat before walk nervously onto the porch and knocking . a moment later Gerry appear in the doorway . gerry there she be ! come on in , I be mixing up some margaronis . we lose we final game , but I get four hit ! 94 . grace oh. great . uh , where be everyone ? gerry they all go out to party -- now get in here ! but Grace stay on the porch . grace Gerry , I be sorry but I can not stay . gerry what ? Grace have not be in this situation in a long time and it show . Gerry step out onto the porch look concerned . gerry ( cont 'd ) be everything okay ? grace yeah , yeah , everything 's fine , but ... ( hold up gift box ) . I can not accept this . gerry why not ? Grace do a double-take . grace Gerry , I be a marry woman . Gerry nod at this , maybe a little hurt . she hand he the box and he reluctantly accept it . gerry um ... I be sorry if I make you uncomfortable , Grace . it 's just that ... I really like you . grace I like you , too , Gerry , and you do not make I uncomfortable . she smile at he and he force a smile back , and there 's some serious eye-contact , and then bam ! they dive at each other and start sucking face like there be no tomorrow . as they continue to maul each other , they stumble into the house , and we CUT to : int . enter the dragon night club - night Rick and leigh be lean against the bar . leigh so ... you be marry ? 95 rick I be not deliberately hide it . he hold up he ring hand . leigh yeah , I just think you wife have die or something and you be wear it out of respect . rick ( uncomfortable ) uh , nope . she 's still hangin ' in there . just then , coakley pull rick aside . coakley come on , you be not gonna close the sale here -- let 's move this clambake back to my place . rick okay , but what be I gonna do there ? coakley what do you mean , what be you gonna do ? I have get a house with bedroom -- do the math . when it do not work out with she - - which it will not -- there 's go to be a bunch of other back - up chick there . Rick nod then turn to leigh . rick my buddy 's invite everybody back to he crib . leigh sound cool . as they walk toward the exit , we CUT to : establishing shot of holiday inn express - night int . holiday inn express hallway - night Fred and missy be walk down the hallway toward he room . missy frankenfield I have get to be honest , Fred ... I be not really sure what we be do here . fred what do you mean ? we be hangin ' , we be connect -- that 's what friend do . especially if they want to take it to the next level where they can call each other ' good friend . ' 96 . he come to he room and start to unlock the door . missy frankenfield you be marry , Fred . fred ah , blah , blah , blah , blah . Fred open the door but missy stay in the hall . missy frankenfield what do blah-blah mean ? you be still marry , right ? fred happily . look , I do not want to get into all the detail , but my wife give I this one - time deal where I get to be with another woman . he open the door wide . she look at he for a beat . missy frankenfield I think we be go to the hotel bar ? fred we be . there 's a mini-bar in my room . you better hurry up , it 's last call . Fred smile . missy frankenfield be you out of you flippin ' mind ? Fred lose the smile . fred um ... missy frankenfield be you out of you mind ?! fred I be go to be honest with you -- you tone right now be scare I . missy frankenfield you call I up for the first time in you life , claim you have some kind of emergency , and it turn out that you just want to screw I ?! fred or not . missy frankenfield well , screw you , Fred ! she start walk down the hallway . Fred nod , unfaze . 97 . fred nail on the head ! she turn and glare at he . missy frankenfield what ? fred what you just say -- I have that come . Big time . Fred hang he head . fred ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) seriously , missy , I ... I do not know what 's get into I this week . I think I must be have some kind of mid-life crisis or something because I have be act like a real jackass . ( sigh anyway ease forgive I . I really be very , very sorry and ashamed . missy , stand a few foot away , finally calm down . missy frankenfield okay . whatever . fred thank you . long beat . fred ( cont 'd ) so ... . you want to come in for that drink ? he arch a eyebrow . missy frankenfield fuck you , Fred ! missy storm away . fred ( to self ) ' no thank you ' would have suffice . Fred walk into he room and close the door . int . rick &amp ; fred' HOTEL room - continuous Fred go to the mini-bar and pour himself a drink . he look around the room . the week 's over and he 's fail miserably . he sit on the bed . alone . then a knock . Fred get up and open the door . 98 . fred hi. May I help you ? reverse angle reveal paige 's aunt meg . she 's wear a skirt and low - cut tank top and have cougar write all over she . aunt meg Rick , my name 's meg. I be you babysitter paige 's aunt , and I just want to come over here and tell you this : they do not make man like you anymore . she smile . fred oh. well , thank you . ( beat ) would you like to come in ? CUT to : ext . ball club beach house - bedroom - night a guilt-ridd Grace be just finish getting dressed when Gerry come out of the bathroom buttone up he shirt . gerry everything okay ? grace yeah . yeah . it 's just ... no , everything 's not okay . gerry what ? he move close to she and she grow uncomfortable . grace look , you be a great cguy , Gerry , and you be very charming and very sweet and the last thing I want to do be hurt you feeling , but ... well , what , just happen can never happen again . Gerry look confuse . gerry oh. grace I know it 's probably hard for you to understand but ... I love my husband . gerry so ? what do that have to do with anything ? fate throw we together and we go with it -- be not that what life 's all about ? 99 . Grace look at he , recognize the youth and triteness of he word . grace not always . ( beat ) it be not fair to my husband ... and it be not fair to you because this could never become anything more than just .. . what it be . she look at he and shrug apologetically . Gerry bark out a laugh . gerry I know that . grace you do ? gerry ( big smile ) of course I do . jeez . I mean , no offense , but let 's face it , you be a lot older than I . she flinch , a little embarrassed . a quick reality check for Grace . grace right . gerry I do not mean that in a bad way . I be just say , I do not think we be go to start dating , you know ? could you imagine the look we would get ? it would be like Hugh hefner and he girlfriend -- except in reverse . Gerry chuckle . gerry ( cont 'd ) you would be Hugh hefner . grace yeah , I get that part . Gerry look at he watch . gerry ooh , I gotta get go . we have kind of a team meeting in like twenty minute . Gerry see Grace glance at the clock : 12:15 a.m. gerry cont 'd it 's , uh , kind of a tradition that we always get together on the night of the last game . it would probably be uncool if I miss it . 100 . grace you do not have to explain . gerry seriously , though , thanks for everything -- that be awesome . he hold up he hand and she diligently high - five he . then Gerry walk out the door . Grace sit there alone for a moment . we push in on her and we hear Gerry 's car start outside , and when Grace start to cry , we CUT to : ext . coakley' house - night this be a tudor home in a upscale brookline neighborhood . we can hear ' rage against the Machine ' blasting from the street . there 's thirty or so car out front and people be still arrive . int . coakley' house - same the place be jamming . it 's a nice house but under - furnish in a bachelor pad kind of way . Rick and leigh be in a corner drink beer . leigh I guess I still have a lot to get out of my system before I do the marriage trip . I be one of that people who want to try everything once before I die . rick ( blurting out ) have you ever be with a marry guy ? leigh pause , but she do not flinch . leigh no . rick neither have i. Rick wince , but leigh smile at he . it 's the moment of truth . rick ( cont 'd ) I would like to help you take be with a marry guy off you list of thing to do before you die . leigh you would ? rick yes . leigh get close . 101 . leigh I do not want to be a home - wrecker . rick I have get a one - time pass , remember ? leigh that be not just a line ? rick no . it 's for real . leigh seem intrigue . she move closer still , take he hand . leigh so where can we go to talk some more about this ? rick ( nervous ) um , coakley have a game room upstairs . we could .. . talk there . wannabe ( o.s. ) leigh ! Rick and leigh look over to see a agitate wannabe force he way through the crowd . wannabe ( cont 'd ) where have you ...? why do not you ...? you know this be my big night ! how could you just --? ( turn away , emotional ) look , can I please talk to you in private ? now . leigh look apologetically at Rick . leigh can you give I a second ? rick sure . wannabe and leigh walk a few foot away and Rick watch they have a animated conversation . it appear wannabe may even be cry . finally , wannabe storm across the room but when he get to the door , he look back at leigh . wannabe well ? be you come ? leigh sigh , then approach Rick . leigh I be sorry , Rick . I have to go deal with this . Rick can not believe what 's happen . 102 . rick really ? now ? I think you say he be not you boyfriend . leigh he 's not ... but he be a friend . leigh glance at the break - down wannabe stand there at the door , then turn back to Rick . leigh ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . before Rick can stop she , leigh leave the party with wannabe . after a long beat , Rick slide down into a chair , devastate . CUT to : int . beach cottage - kitchen - night maggie be spilling she gut to Rick coleman as he stand over the stove making pancakes . maggie . and he have not even spend one night in he own bed this week . rick coleman let I get this straight -- you give he he freedom and now you be mad that he 's act free ? this logic clearly sting maggie . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) hey , I be sure there 's a explanation . maybe he take a trip somewhere ? maggie I call he assistant -- he 's be in the office almost everyday . rick coleman look , maggie , for all you know you husband 's be work at a sou kitchen , sleep in he car al week , and he 's only get laid two or three time at most . she look up and force a smile . maggie ha-ha . maggie check she watch . maggie ( cont 'd ) jeez , I wonder what 's take Grace so long ? 103 . rick coleman well , if she go over to break the kid 's heart , the least she could do be lend a sympathetic ear . he flip a pancake onto a plate . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) prepare yourself for heaven . she reach for the plate , but he slap she hand away . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) not so fast , lady . I be not finish . you have not live until you have have my steaming hot blueberry pancake ... he pull a carton of vanilla ice cream out of a bag . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) .a la mode . maggie smile . maggie oh my-lanta . rick coleman and to wash it all down ... Rick reach into the bag and pull out a dessert wine . off maggie 's smile , we CUT to : int . coakley' house - night a glum Rick be walk through the packed party when he bump into Baker and hog -head stand around a keg with a group of guy . rick hey . . . what be you guy do here ? hog -head we be here for the hall pass . rick really ? I think you guy have give up on we ? baker we do . we be here with they . he nod toward rick leary and willy boshane , both early 40' and paunchy . rick what be you talk about ? 104 . baker when leary and boshane hear about you guy 's hall pass , they convinced they wife to give they one , too . a smile leary try to high - five Rick , but he 's have none of it . he turn to Baker , livid . rick you be not suppose to tell anyone about the hall pass ! leary they do not say anything . we wife hear about it at the pool . rick no ! at the pool ?! Rick rub he face , distress . boshane yep . and then about three day ago -- after some hard - core negotiate -- we manage to push the bill through . the guy laugh . Rick can hardly believe what he 's spawn . rick really ? so ...how 's it go ? boshane solid . very solid . leary we be building mucho momentumo . Baker make a jerk -off motion . leary ( cont 'd ) ( annoyed ) hey , Baker , a hall pass be not just about sex , you know . boshane that 's right . it 's about go bowl and , uh , stay up late , and be able to do what you want to do when you want to do it . rick have not get laid yet , huh ? boshane ( dispirite ) it 's a lot tougher than we think it would be . just then Gary come around a corner . 105 . gary hey , dude , there 's like ten very bangable chick out on the back deck -- let 's go ! leary hold up he Beer . leary to freedom ! the guy tap they beer cup , then exit toward the back deck . a deject and defeat Rick watch they go , then turn and push he way through the crowd to the front door . as he open the door to leave , he find himself face -to-face with leigh . leigh hey , where be you go ? rick what be you do ...? I think you would leave . leigh no . I tell you , I just have to talk he off the ledge . I calm he down and send he on he way . rick oh . uh , great . leigh so where 's that game room ? I think we be gonna play some game . she smile and take he hand and as they walk away , we go ... int . coakley' house - second floor - night Rick and leigh walk down the hall to the game room . he open the door and flip on the light . there Pov - there 's a pool table , a few pinball machine , a bar , and a bed . leigh I will be right back -- I just have to use the bathroom . Rick nod , then watch as leigh walk off and disappear into the bathroom . he take a deep breath . this be it . just then he hear o.s. laughter . Rick head down the hallway and push open a door . coakley ( o.s. ) hey . reverse angle reveal coakley sitting all alone in a small study off the hall . he have a bowl of cap and crunch on he lap and be watch a re-run of the Andy griffith show . 106 . rick hey . how come you be not downstairs party ? coakley give he a sad , wear - out smile . coakley all party out , pal . Rick nod , understanding . coakley laugh once again at the tv. coakley ( cont 'd ) man , that barney fife still kill I . he look back to Rick . coakley ( cont 'd ) hey , I be think about this hall - pass business . it 's really ironic , be not it ? Rick glance down the hall to see if leigh have return . rick how 's that ? coakley well think about it . there 's two kind of guy who cheat on they wife : the guy who do it behind she back , and a guy like you who have he wife 's permission . rick well it 's not really cheating if I have permission . coakley yeah , whatever . the point be , if you ask a hundred people who the better cjuy be , ninety - nine of ' they would pick you , because you be be honest -- there 's no deceit involved . Rick be grow uncomfortable . coakley ( cont 'd ) but the funny thing be , the other guy , the cheater , the bad guy , he have to live with all that guilt and anxiety , while he wife 's run around happy as a clam because she do not know anything . and you , the good guy , you have get no guilt at all because you just laid it all on you wife 's shoulder . rick well I do not really think of it like -- 107 . coakley it 's like she 's you guilt sherpa ! coakley chuckle and Rick deflate . coakley ( cont 'd ) funny , huh ? rick ( weakly ) yeah . coakley and that , my friend , be why you be a genius . as Rick let this all sink in , we CUT to : int . rick &amp ; fred' HOTEL room - night paige 's aunt meg be sit on the couch . her leg be cross revealing a lot of skin . Fred hand she a glass of wine and sit beside she . fred cheer . they clink glass . aunt meg Rick , I hope you do not mind I tracking you down -- paige tell I where you be stay . fred please . not at all . aunt meg you have be very sweet to she . Fred wave she off . fred hey , she 's a good kid . I do what I can for the kid . aunt meg move in a little closer , squint at he sweetly . aunt meg she tell I everything . and I have to say , I be very impressed . fred hm ? aunt meg I know she try to hook - up with you -- twice in fact -- and that you set she straight both time . Fred have not hear this from Rick and be a little confuse . 108 . fred uh...hook-up ? aunt meg ( smile ) Rick , enough with the chivalry . paige want to sleep with you and you do not take advantage of she . I be just say that 's very cool . he shrug modestly . fred well ... she 's a kid and kid get crush . I remember in tenth grade I have the biggest crush on my french teacher -- thank God Mr. leclaire be professional enough to only date senior . meg giggle . aunt meg I be serious , it take a certain kind of guy to say no to a beautiful young girl like that -- especially since you have you wi e 's permission now . meg shoot he a know smile and put she glass down . aunt meg ( cont 'd ) I like that , Rick . you have moral . she lean in and kiss he neck . Fred glance down at she breast . fred hey , all you have in this world be you word . as aunt meg climb on top of fred , we CUT to : int . coakley' house - game room - night Rick enter to find leigh play a pinball machine . leigh turn and smile at Rick . rick leigh , I gotta split . leigh what ? rick ( nervous ) yeah , I kind of hit a wall . she can hardly believe she ear . 109 . leigh really ? be you feel okay ? you be not mad because I go outside with my friend , be you ? rick no , no , no . look , I should not be do this . I have .. . you know , commitment . leigh nod at this , then unty a shoulder strap and she dress fall to the floor . suddenly she 's naked before he and she 's perfect . rick ( cont 'd ) ( weakly ) um , you drop something . for a moment nobody move . we can almost hear Rick 's heart beat . then leigh step closer to he and Rick instinctively lean back . leigh relax . do not think so much . you be gonna have you wife for the rest of you life , but tonight . . . you have I . leigh smile . and it 's the kind of smile you only get two or three time in you life , if you be lucky , and probably never from a woman this beautiful . she reach down and unbuckle he pant , then she pull off he shirt . they stand face - to- face now , the middle - age guy and the young beauty , and it 's happen exactly the way Rick have hope it would , the dream . she press she body against he and start to kiss he neck , she hand disappearing somewhere below he waist . then she lean she head against he chest . as he look down at she , we push in on a suddenly conflict Rick . rick nope . I can not do this . he reach for he shirt . leigh what be you do ? rick I be sorry . she stare at he , confuse , as he buckle he pants . leigh you wife do not give you a hallway permission slip , do she ? 110 . rick yes , she do , but ... look , you be insanely beautiful and pathologically sexy and every cell in my body be tell I to dust do this , but -- Rick point to he chest . rick ( cont 'd ) see this area , this spot right here ? the first time maggie and I sleep together , back in college , she fall asleep right here . and she leave a puddle of drool . and it do not bother I . it actually feel good . that 's when I know I be go to marry she . ( beat ) and when my kid -- Emma and gunnar -- when they be baby , this be where they sleep . or sometimes at four o'clock in the morning Emma would just lay there and stare up at I . it be where we first get to know each other . ( beat ) so I be sorry , leigh , but as amazing as I think you be ... I gotta go home . Rick shrug apologetically . leigh well , I think you have a screw loose and you be probably go to regret this for the rest of you life , but . . . right on , man . rick um ...do you want I to give you a ride home ? leigh no . it 's only one - thirty -- I be go back down to the party . Rick raise two finger . rick peace it . leigh r-o-c - k in the u-s-a . as they smile at each other one last time , we CUT to : int . fred' minivan - night Rick be pull away from coakley 's house when the car phone ring . Rick push a button to answer . rick hello . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ( on speakerphone ) yes , be this Fred sear ? rick oh , uh , no , I be sorry , he 's not here right now . I be use he car . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ( on speakerphone ) well , would you know where I could find he ? this be sgt. polisner of the Massachusetts State Police . as Rick grow alarmed , we CUT to : int . rick &amp ; fred' HOTEL room - night Fred be still on the couch with aunt meg on the floor in front of he . Fred 's pant be down to he ankle , leave he with only he boxer on . meg kiss he chest and stomach , then lean back and take off her tank - top , revealing extra -large bazookas stuff into a slinky bra . aunt meg I be attract to man with integrity . fred thanks -- wow , you get great jug . meg take Fred 's hand and lead he toward the bed ( with he pants still at he ankle ) , Fred waddling like a penguin . aunt meg Moral - guy 's a tit-man , huh ? fred ( shrugging ) well , I grow up in the midwest . she push he down on the bed and Fred quickly kick off he pants and shoe ( but keep he boxer on . ) meg tackle he and the two of they start to roll around under the cover . a o.s. Fred seem to be work he way down she stomach . aunt meg oh yes ! Rick ... please ... I want you to make love to I . just then Rick burst into the room , out of breath . Fred and meg come up from under the cover . ( Fred be at waist - level on she . ) rick Fred , I need to talk to you ! meg glare down at Fred , confuse . 112 . aunt meg Fred ? I think you be Rick ?! rick I be Rick . Fred cower guiltily . fred please do not judge I . as aunt meg karate kick Fred in the face , we CUT to : ext . holiday inn express - night - moment later Fred , now dress , hurry across the parking lot with Rick on he heel . Fred have blood -stained tissue stuff up he nose . fred what do they tell you ? be Grace gonna be okay ? rick all I know be she be in a car accident and they rush she to the hospital . fred oh my God ... suddenly they hear o.s. glass shatter . they look up and react . there Pov - from fifty yard across the parking lot , they can see that Fred 's mini-van 's windshield have just be bashed in by the bat - wielding wannabe . on the side of the vehicle be spray - paint : horny old man . fred ( cont 'd ) whoa !!! what the hell ...?! wannabe turn to they , a craze look on he face . wannabe how do you like I now , splenda - boy ? fred you moron , that 's lny car ! his be the one next to it ! wannabe look over at Rick 's avalon , pull out a knife , and quickly slashes two of rick's tire . as Rick and Fred run toward he , wannabe jump into a old bronco and peel out of the parking lot . back on Rick and Fred as they slow down and catch there breaths . 113. rick Nice job , Fred . CUT to : ext . highway - night the mini-van blow by a sign that read ' cape cod - 60 mile .' int . mini - van - same the windshield be gone and the wind blow back Rick and Fred 's hair as if they be on a motorcycle . Fred try he car phone as he drive . fred oh come on ! how can a hospital not have a live operator ?! rick it 's four in the morning , Fred . Fred hang up and pound he steering wheel . fred what be I think ?! I have a great wife --a beautiful wife -- and now I may lose she .. . because of you . rick what be you talk about ?! you say we wife be live they dream , with they fancy gas oven , and that we dream be the hall pass ! how can you blame this on I ?! fred I would never even hear of a hall pass until you flaunt yours in my face ! ' hey , look at I , I have get a hall pass -- everyone should have a hall pass ! ' you ruin my life , Mills ! CUT to : ext . beach cottage - night maggie and Rick coleman sit on the back deck drinking wine . rick coleman this be a great place . maggie yeah , my family 's have it since I be a kid . we use to come for a week a summer , then two week , then a month , then by the time I get to high school we be live here all summer long . 114 . rick coleman something 's wrong here , maggie . maggie hm ? rick coleman something 's wrong with a guy who would leave a woman like you alone for this long . maggie ( uncomfortable ) well , you know ... I do give he a hall pass . rick coleman so what ? if you be my girl , I would not have take it . a awkward moment . Rick touch she hand and maggie look away . rick coleman ( cont 'd ) you deserve way better . maggie uh , in Rick 's defense , he do not really even want the hall pass . I kind of force it on he . rick coleman why would you do that ? maggie think about this . maggie I do not know . ( beat ) I guess I feel like he be not notice I anymore . j guess I want to feel .. . desire again . and the truth be , in my heart , I never think he would go through with it . he brushes she hair from she face and they look into each other 's eye . he lean in and she do , too , and right when it look like they may kiss , maggie hesitates as suddenly everything become clear to her . maggie ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... rick coleman what ? maggie this hall pass ... it be not for he . ( softly ) it be ... for I . and as they hang on that realization , we CUT to : 115 ext . highway - night a police cruiser be park on the highway divider . int . police cruiser - same two young cop be relax with they coffee when the smashed - up mini - van fly by . cop # 1 do you see that ? he do not have a windshield . cop # 2 throw the car into drive and they pull a U -ey and give chase . int . mini - van - continuous Fred look regretful . fred I be sorry , man , I should not have blame you for this . I be the one who drag you into this thing . rick no , you do not . I go willingly . fred I have be bad , Rick . I have be real bad . rick we have both be bad . fred I have be worse . I kiss you babysitter 's aunt . rick that 's not so bad . fred on the vagina . rick ooh . they hear a siren and Rick look back to see the cop on they tail . rick ( cont 'd ) oh shit . ext . highway - continuous the batter mini - van blow by the ' welcome to cape cod ' hedge with the cop car on they tail . int . mini - van - continuous Fred be not slow down . he grow more determine . 116 . rick pull over , man ! fred no way , I can out - run them ! rick no you can not -- not in this thing ! ext . highway - continuous we see another police cruiser fishtail out of a side STREET and join the chase . int . mini - van - continuous rick oh God , now there 's two of them ! fred I do not care -- I be not stop ' till we get there ! rick be you crazy ?! fred yeah , I be crazy ! I be crazy about my wife ! ext . cape cod hospital - night Rick and Fred come skidding up to the emergency room entrance in the graffity mini-van . int . police cruiser - continuous the two Young cop screech to a stop behind the mini-van as the second cruiser fly up behind they . cop # 2 we be on ! the officer spring from they car and quickly tackle Fred as he run toward the front door . Rick climb out of the passenger seat with he hand raised . rick hear I out , gentleman , I can explain everything ! a burly officer from the back - up car form - tackle Rick , blasting he backwards onto the sidewalk . Fred and Rick manage to roll away and then crawl through the front entrance . int . hospital - emergency room - continuous we guy barely get in the door before be pummeled to the floor by the four cop . the two people seat in the wait room stand up in SHOCK and then a swarm of doctor and orderlies come run in to see what the commotion be . 117 . fred Grace need I ! cop # 1 pin fred' head to the floor as cop # 2 lay across he leg . cop # 1 okay , just take it easy , buddy . fred no , I will not take it easy ! look , I be sorry I be speed and I should not have run from you guy , but my wife 's be in a accident and she 's in this emergency room and I gotta see how she be because ... ( grow emotional ) . that woman' my whole life ! the cop look move and unsure what to do . doctor be you the husband of ... ( glance down at chart ) . Grace sear ? Fred strain to look up . fred yes ! be she okay ?! the Doctor hesitates and the cop look at each other and then the burly Officer release Rick from he head - lock . burly officer all right , let he up . the young officer get off Fred and help he up . Fred rush to the Doctor , who seem very serious . fred please tell I she 's gonna be okay . doctor she be . you wife break she nose and she get shake up a bit , but all in all she 's a very lucky woman . fred you get that wrong , doc . I be the lucky one . Fred be visibly relieved as the doctor smile and walk off . fred ( cont 'd ) ( calling out ) bless you , doctor ! Fred turn to Rick and the two man hug and then Rick grab Fred by the shoulder and look he in the eye . 118. rick you take care of that woman , buddy , and I be gonna go home and take care of mine . Fred nod , emotional , as the cop look at each other , unmove . Rick start to walk away . fred Rick ... Rick stop and turn at the door . fred ( cont 'd ) you go love that lady ! the burly Officer roll he eye and step up to Rick . burly officer uh , before you ' go love that lady ' , we be go to have to write you guy up . as the officer pull out he citation pad , we CUT to : ext . beach cottage - night Rick pull up in the wreck mini-van and get out . int . beach cottage - continuous Rick step quietly into the house . he see two empty bottle of wine and two half - fill glass on the coffee table . then he hear maggie 's o.s. voice come from the bedroom . maggie ( o.s. ) oh my god ... oh my god ... oh my and ... on rick - he look concerned as he approach the bedroom door . int . beach cottage - bedroom - continuous Rick enter to find maggie lay in bed ... talking on the phone . maggie ( into phone ) oh my god ... oh my god , you poor thing . maggie look up , shocked to see Rick . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hold on , Rick just walk in . ( to rick ) Grace be in a car accident ! 119 . rick I know . she 's okay . maggie go back to the phone . maggie ( into phone ) and they let you go ? ( beat ) okay ... so you be on you way ? great . ( beat ) I love you , too , honey . she hang up . maggie cont 'd ) my God , she scared ( I to death . rick March twenty -fifth , 1988 . maggie what ? rick the day I lose my virginity . March 25th , 1988 at approximately ten - thirty in the evening . maggie think about this . maggie what be you talk about ? we be dating then . Rick nod . she look at he , not sure if she understand . rick you be my first . and you be my last . and you be everything in between . as it all sink in , maggie start to well up . maggie really ? rick really . maggie so ... be that why you be cry that first night ? Rick shrug , embarrassed . maggie ( cont 'd ) and I be ... I be you last ? rick you be my only . forever . 120 . maggie smile and run into he arm . they kiss , and it 's a real kiss , the kind they have not have in a long while . dissolve to : Law &amp ; order music cue as we super : day 7 ext . beach cottage - dawn the sky be lighten but the sun have not rise yet . a taxi- van pull up and Fred get out . ( Fred have a black eye . ) he help Grace out of the van , then pay the driver . ( Grace have two black eye and she nose be heavily bandaged . ) when the taxi drive off , Fred help Grace toward the house . fred . and what be you do drive around at one o'clock in the morning ? grace ( nervous ) well ... I be upset so I go for a drive -- you know , to think -- and I must have hit a patch of sand , and before I know it I be into the pole . Fred stop and look she in the eye . fred I be sorry , Grace . grace for what ? fred for put you through all this . Grace look awash in guilt . grace it 's not you fault , Fred . fred yes , it be -- of course it 's my fault . this be not you -- drive around all night , think -- you be not a thinker . when she look up at he , he force a smile . but she do not smile back . grace look , Fred , we have to talk about ... about what happen this week . Fred take a deep breath and look around , try to avoid the moment . 121. fred Grace . . .do we really have to do this ? Grace lower she head guiltily . grace yeah . yeah , we do . when she look back up , she notice the spray - painted and batter mini -van . grace ( cont 'd ) horny old man ? fred ( matter-of -fact ) oh , no , honey , that 's not I -- they be talk about Rick . Grace look at he , confuse . suddenly Fred fall to he knee . fred ( cont 'd ) look , all you gotta know be that whatever happen do not matter ! I love you and only you ! and I be go to treat you like the queen that you be for the rest of you live day , so help I God ! I will mow the lawn , I will shovel the snow , I will wash the stubble off the sink ... Grace look down at he . fred ( cont 'd ) . but please , I be begging you , sweetie ... can we please just never talk about what happen this week ? Grace 's eye flicker about , hardly believe she luck . grace um...deal . Fred get up and throws he arm around he wife . grace ( cont 'd ) I love you , Fred . as they embrace , Fred see Rick come out the front door with he arm around maggie . Fred shoot Rick a thumb -up . close on rick and maggie as they smile at Fred and Grace . rick come on , you two ! we be gonna go watch the sun come up ! 122. Hall &amp ; oate 's ' when the Morning come ' begin to play and as we two happy couple hold hand and walk off toward the beach , we pull up , up , up , and ... fade out : the end