halloween ii transcript transcribe by Jason Todd for www . halloween.8m.com haddonfield , illinois october 31st 1978 fade in : " Mr. sandman " play as the camera pan through tree to the front of the house that Laurie strode be babysit at . we cut into the house : laurie ( to the kid :) I want you to listen to I . I want you to go out the house , and down the street to the mckinsey 's house , I want you to knock on they door . I want you to tell they to call the police and send they over here . alright ? now do as I say . go! the kide exit . laurie lean up against the doorframe . in the background we see the shape rise . the kide run out of the house scream . loomis see they . inside : the shape come at laurie and try to strangle she . loomis run up the stair and fire six bullet at michael , michael fall off the back balcony . laurie be that the boogeyman ? loomis as a matter of fact ... it be . loomis walk to the balcony to see that the shape have rise from he spot . loomis run outside , and feel the ground and find blood . a neighbor come out of he house . neighbor what 's go on out here ? loomis call the police ! tell the sheriff I shot he ! neighbor who ? loomis tell he he 's still on the loose ! neighbor be this some kind of joke ? I have be trick or treat to death tonight ! loomis you do not know what death be ! the credit roll a yard -michael 's Pov , we see trick or treater go about they round , a dog bark ... we see loomis and the police car . loomis I shot he six time ! I shot he in the heart . I shot he six time ! bracket he could not have get very far come on . loomis ( get into the car ) I shot he six time ! this guy he 's not human ! the car drive off . michael turn and see a house with jack -o- lantern in it . a elderly woman be fix a sandwich in the kitchen . elderly lady do you want mayonaisse on you sandwhich ? how bout mustard ? she walk in to see she husband asleep in he chair . elderly lady be you asleep again ? michael walk in the back door and pick up the knife . the news play on the tv , we see michael exit the house in the background . elderly lady go for the knife and rub blood on she hand and scream . michael walk outside and see a young girl come out of she house . young girl Mrs. elron ? Mr. elrong ? be you ok ? she walk back inside . young girl ( on phone ) someone be scream next door . Mr. and Mrs. elron . yea , she 's always scream at he . maybe he start beat she . other girl be you folk home ? young girl they be go . my father take my aunt Ruby to harden County and my mother 's decide to go along . other girl do you hear ? young girl hear about what ? other girl some girl get kill in haddonfield . it be on the radio . young girl hold on . young girl turn on the radio . radio Police have close off the area . repeat three teenager have be find murder in the West side of haddonfield . the name of the teenager have not be release . young girl I can not believe it . other girl we probably know she . young girl where do it happen ? michael myer come in behind she through the front door . other girl down on Orange groave . young girl that 's right down the street . other girl I know . young girl I can hear the siren come . do they know who it be ? other girl no. young girl hear a noise . she slowly walk into the live room . michael jump out at she and murder she . a police car pull into the house that laurie be babysit at . two cop get out . cop that's not important Inside guy . the 2 cop walk up to the front porch . laurie be bring out on a stretcher . she be wheeled to the ambulance . she be put in the ambulance . jimmy Laurie ? can you hear I ? laurie do not let they put I to sleep . do not let they put I to sleep . jimmy it 's ok . the ambulance drive off . driver hey you know this chick ? jimmy yea she name be Laurie strode she go to school with my little brother Jimmy . driver her old man , strode Realty ? jimmy yea . driver ok . the ambulance pull into the hospital . a car pull into the hospital and tommy and a woman get out . tommy be cough up blood . woman just get out easy . you ok , honey . just walk real slow , hun . the guy unload laurie and take she into the hospital . janet ( to tommy ) fill out this form and wait in there . woman but we should see a doctor right away . janet he 's with a patient , you can wait in room 8 . guy where 's the doctor ? janet he 's at the country club I believe he 's drunk . guy great ! janet what do you get ? that 's Laurie strode . the guy put laurie on a examination bed . doctor Janet , get I some more coffee . doctor ( to laurie ) hi there . well let 's see what we have here . oh yes , you lose a lot of blood . the doctor stick a needle up laurie 's arm . doctor get I some 309ron we be go to have to put she out . laurie no ! no do not put I to sleep . nurse do not worry we be not go to hurt you . laurie no , no please do not put I to sleep . the doctor stick a needle in laurie and she wimper . nurse try to relax , Laurie . the Doctor will have you stitched up in no time . bracket and loomis be riding around in the patrol car . bracket how long now ? loomis shine a light there , by that tree . bracket shine a big flashlight out the side window . bracket there 's nothing . loomis well keep look . bracket you know doctor , I be right about there . loomis what ? bracket the point where I stop take order from you . loomis alright sherrif whatever you want . the primary concern be that we stop he . bracket you let he out . loomis I do not . bracket his own g--- amn doctor . loomis I do not let he out . radio bracket come in please . bracket who be this ? radio this be ramsey . bracket where be you ? radio I be out by the main highway head out on the North East road . get the h--l back in town . go up seventeenth street meet I at the bypass . bracket hang up the radio bracket ( to loomis who be load a gun ) will you put that thing away ! you could not have shot he six time ! loomis you think I be lie , sherif ? bracket I think you miss he . no man could take six shot . loomis I be tell you this be not a man . look out slow down . bracket what ? loomis over there . look , look . a guy with michael myer mask be walk slowly down the sidewalk . bracket be that he ? loomis I do not know . loomis get out of the car and run to he . loomis ( to crowd in the way ) move it ! get back ! loomis cock he gun as if to shoot the guy . bracket wrestle he for it . bracket stop , do not shoot ! do not shoot ! the guy in the mask look back at they . he be hit by a car and plunge into the side of a truck and be burn in a fire . bracket be it he ? ( pause ) bracket be it he or not !?! cop pull up . cop we find 3 body across the street . bracket where ?! cop the doyle house , three of they in the attic ! bracket ( low ) what ?! bracket , cop and loomis get into the police car and drive off . hospital - woman and tommy be exite . woman do it hurt a lot ? tommy talk but he voice be muffle . woman look I can not understand you . look , it will be alright . we will play some game tonight and - CUT to : hospital coffee break hall - the news be play . reporter for that of you who just tune in . Three people be dead tonight . jimmy walk into laurie 's room . jimmy hi. laurie hi. nurse walk in . nurse Laurie , how be you feel ? laurie soar . what happen ? nurse you crack a bone . you be lucky it be not a break . the doctor feel that he should wait till tomorrow to put the cast on . get some rest . come on Jimmy . jimmy start to follow the nurse out the door but change he mind and close the door behind she . jimmy could I get you something to drink ? laurie nod . jimmy maybe a Coke ? laurie ok . jimmy ok . guy come in . guy Jimmy we gotta go . jimmy ok . ( to laurie ) I will sneak out later . nurse visit hour be over . news reporter be swamp around the myer House . reporter moment ago police report that Michael myer , formerly of haddonfield , fle the Smith 's Grove sanitarium last night be believe to have burn to death . meanwhile , three body be discover in the house directly behind I . identification of the victim be be witheld . police car pull into the driveway . loomis , bracket , and cop come out and look at the body on the stretcher . it 's Lynda bracket I have to go home and tell my wife before anyone else do . cop go on home Lee , I will take care of everything . bracket ( to loomis ) D - - n you ! what have you do ? loomis I have not do anything . bracket you let he out ! loomis I do not let he out . I give order for he to be restrain . cop now be there anything else we can do for you ? loomis if that be not Michael myer burn in that car there be go to be a lot of other kid dead tonight . cop he 's dead . I see he . loomis I want to believe you . but I can not stop he until I be certain he 's dead . cop you talk about he like he 's some sort of animal . loomis he be my patient for fifteen year . he become a obsession with I until I realize that there be not neither consciance nor reason that he be even remotely human . a hour ago I fire six bullet into he and he just walk away . I be talk about the real possibility that he be still out there ! where would they take the body . cop the courier 's office . loomis get Dennis to meet I there in half a hour . on a nearby street , a man walk carry a boom box . on the boombox the news play . reporter ( v.o. ) ... claim to have shot he six time at close range . haddonfield police have no explanation to the suspect 's disappearance . however , they do say that he will be capture soon . two girl walk to a car . girl # 1 I can not believe it . pin the tail on the dockey and bob for apple . actually bob in water no less . I be never go to another halloween party as long as I live . especially not at stevie matthis 's house . and of course now I be go to be late . girl # 2 you gotta drive I home first . girl # 1 oh dorothy , I do not have time . dorothy well you have get to . girl # 1 oh , can not you ask Eddie Lee ? dorothy he 's in russelville . girl # 1 oh , it 's five minute to you house another five minute back to the hospital . Mrs. dowel be go to kill I . dorothy you promise I . girl # 1 I know I do . the girl get into the car and drive off . the man with the boombox walk down the street . reporter ( v.o. ) there be one survivor . seventeen year old Laurie strode be find directly across the street from where the murder take place . the teenager be take across town to haddonfield Memorial Clinic . the boy walk right in front of michael myer . " Halloween theme " play as michael walk down the street and take a leave down a street where a sign read : haddonfield Memorial Hospital . at the Hospital - the girl 's red car pull into a parking spot . she get out and walk inside . we see michael myer in the rearview mirror . in the Hospital staff lounge , jimmy , guy , and girl be watch the news . guy I sure could go for a pizza right now . look like a go -- amn homecome . in the security room - the guard be too busy read to notice michael myer walk across the lawn on the tv monitor . girl # 1 knock on the door and the guard buzze she in . girl # 1 thanks , Mr. garris . in staff lounge . girl Julie see he you know . guy who ? girl Michael myers. guy come on . girl I swear yesterday when she be come to work . guy where do she see he ? girl at the shop n bag out by the mall . she stop at the light and see he walk in that field behind the lose River dive in . Julie say he be so creepy . guy Julie 's full of sh ** . he do not escape until last night . girl well you do not have to swear , Budd . budd she 's a go --- mn moron anyone . girl every word you say be either h-ll or sh -- or d- -n. budd I be sorry . I guess I just f-- k up all the time . girl get up to leave . girl # 1 come in . budd you be late . girl # 1 yea I know I have get to get on the ward . hi Jimmy . jimmy oh hi Cara . cara see ya . jimmy walk down the hall , we see a door creak close as he pass it . we follow someone 's Pov down stair , down a hall , and into a room . we see cara look through the maternity ward and then go to talk to a nurse . we be look through michael 's Pov . nurse ( to cara ) you be late again tonight . cara just fifteen minute . nurse that could be the difference between life and death for one of that kid . we see michael in the maternity ward in the background . cara you be right . I be sorry . nurse I do not want to hear any excuse . you be a good nurse Cara . I would hate to loose you . but you have get to learn to be on time . now let 's go over this list . laurie 's room - jimmy be talk to she . jimmy they should have handle he more carefully . laurie who ? jimmy Michael myer . laurie Michael myer ? jimmy yea , he be the one that be after you . laurie from the myer house ? that little kid that kill he sister ? jimmy yea . laurie but he 's in the hospital somewhere . jimmy he escape last night . laurie how do you know ? jimmy it 's all over the radio . Television too . it 's on right now . laurie why I ? I mean , why I ? nurse come in . nurse Times up Jimmy . let 's go . jimmy ok ok . jimmy start to exit . he start to mouth that he will be right back . nurse no you will not ! visit hour be definantly over . jimmy exit . nurse Men can not live with they can not live without they . how 's that shoulder feel ? laurie better . nurse good . we have be try to get a hold of you parent . Dr. misaar say that they be at the same party that he be but they be not there now and they be not home . do you have any idea of where else they might be ? laurie no. nurse well we will just keep try . nurse pick up the phone and we see that it 's not work . michael myer walk out of the power room . nurse this be just great . Janet ! janet yes . nurse go tell Mr. garett we be have trouble with the phone . right now . janet he 's at the other end of the hall . nurse Janet . janet yes Mrs. Alice . janet leave . laurie what 's wrong with the phone ? nurse nothing for you to worry about . just get some rest right now . I will let you know as soon as we get a hold of you parent . nurse exit and close the door . laurie pick up the phone . she put it down . she hear a noise from the other side of the room . meanwhile , mr. garett and janet be in the hall . mr. garett I be go to go check the line . you wait here I will call you . ( hand she radio ) janet I gotta get back on the floor ! mr. garett it will take I five minute . janet but I do not even know how to use this thing ! mr. garett exit . he flash a flashlight on the power line . he walk over and look in a trashcan . he see blood in it , and a cat jump out at he suddenly knock he over . he get up and walk inside the power building . he slide the door open . he go into another room . mr. garett ( to radio ) I think someone break into this storm room . on the other side we see janet hold a radio and we hear mr . garett voice which be so muffle you can not understand he . janet Mr. garret ! I can not hear you . on the other side mr. garet drive down to the sherif 's station right away . janet mess with nob on the radio . janet Mr. garet , how do you work this thing ? garet Janet ! we hear something fall in the next room . garet open a closet and box fall on top of he . he flash he light around . he see another closet , and remove the lock from it . he open it and find nothing . he close it on the right side . and when he close it on the leave we see michael . michael slam a hammer down on he face . janet Mr. garet ! Mr. garet I have get to get back on the floor . hello ? janet leave . the morgue - a sheet be move off of the burn up trick - or-treater body . loomis and the cop examine it . man it 's difficult . even the gum be char but look here . see here ? no filling . young. maybe seventeen , eighteen . loomis Michael myer be 21 . man positive id mean we can not get to he dental record . loomis it will take hour ! man there 's no other way to know for sure . I be sorry . loomis we have not get hour . listen to I we have get to assume that Michael myer be still alive . bracket walk in . cop everybody go back out . bracket but we just close it up . cop I want a sweep from chestnut South to the bypass . I want every street , every house , every backyard . bracket ok . you get it . bracket leave . loomis ( to cop ) thank you . cop nod . myer house - people be throw brick at the window . police car pull up . cop ( on radio ) this be hank . send another vehicle to the myer house . loomis just drive . one of they number be butcher this be the way . loomis load he gun . cop look at he . loomis highten my sense of security . cop smile . they get out of the car and walk to the myer House . cop stop it ! knock it off . cop ( to loomis ) you know . haddonfield be a pretty quiet town before tonight . the only gunshot you hear be to start off the race at the high school track . loomis well this night in ' 63 Michael myer do murder he sister in that bedroom upstairs with a butcher 's knife . cop I remember . loomis on halloween . cop I be sixteen year old . loomis his anniversary be tonight . he come back . cop after fifteen year . loomis micheal myer be a extraordinary patient . there be a force inside he bide he time . he come acustome to the inability and silence . in many way he be the ideal patient he never talk he never cry he never move . he just wait . the staff be unprepare they do not know what he be . cop do you know ? loomis yea I know . two boy approach the cop . boy # 1 Mr. hank ? cop what be it greg ? boy # 1 I be worried about Ben tramer he 's not home yet . boy # 2 and he leave the party at ten . cop it 's only a little after eleven boy . boy # 1 he be real drunk . loomis how old be he ? boy # 1 seventeen . and he have this stupid mask on . cop alright boy . the boy leave . loomis seventeen . wearing a mask . we should check he dental record . bracket there 's a break in at the elementary school they be pretty sure that it 's he . loomis come on . the cop dash to they car . hospital - cara be in the hall - she hear the patient bell and it alarm she . she laugh and walk into a room with a stethoscope . she touch a patient and he pull she on top of he . the patient be budd . she scream and he laugh . budd ow my hand . you could have break it . cara I wish I have . I also could have use this on you ( pull out scissors ) . what a a** hole . budd happy Halloween . cara Budd , you be the biggest jerk I have ever meet . budd but you love I . cara yea , I love you . budd let 's go down to the third room . this finger need a little bit of therapy . cara I can not leave the kid right now . budd why be everybody all word out tonight . all this Michael myer crap . I just - I just want - budd and cara kiss . cara I suppose if we leave the door open we could hear if someone be come or if the kid start to cry . I get to check it out first . budd Fifteen minute ? cara if everything 's ok . budd you be waste time . laurie 's room . laurie be dream and reminisc . she go back to when she be a child talk to she mother . young laurie why do not you ever tell I anything ? mother I tell you . I be not you mother . young michael myer around nine year old be look out a window . young laurie look at he and he glare back at she . laurie wake up and look around and go back to sleep . third room -budd and cara be in the whirlpool . cara it 's hot . cara and budd kiss . in the other room michael turn up the heat all the way up . we see a sign that read : hydrotherapy pool water temperature not to exceed 100 degree F . in the whirlpool budd and cara stop kissing . cara who be I kid . it 's too hot in hear now , Budd . why do not you go check . budd it 's cold out there . cara it can get cold in here . budd gotcha . budd get out of the whirlpool and wrap a towel around he waist . he go into the thermo room and start to change the temperature . michael come from behind he and strangel he . michael then go to cara and drow she by repeatedly force she head into the whirlpool . the elementary school -hank ( who I previously refer to as cop ) , loomis and bracket be look at a break window . they be be show this by cop # 2 cop # 2 he get in here . ( flash he light on the spot ) and over here . and here . ( point to a crayon draw picture of a family . the sister in the family have a butcher knife stab through the page . loomis sister . hank be that it ? cop # 2 no. here . hank what 's this ? cop # 2 gibberish . loomis no . it 's a county word . samhain , it mean the loft of the dead . the end of summer . the festival of Satan . woman # 2 come in . woman # 2 Dr. loomis ? loomis yes ? woman # 2 I have to talk to you . loomis I do not recognize you . what be you do here ? woman # 2 private . loomis exit into the hall with woman # 2 woman # 2 Dr. loomis , you have be order back to Smith 's Grove . loomis order ? he can not order I . woman # 2 no , no ... but the governor can . he speak to Dr. Rogers personally a few hour ago . loomis the Governor , well well ... woman # 2 Dr. loomis this thing be all over the state . patient escape once , murder three teenager . you shoot he with a gun he escape again . loomis someone should have listen to I earlier . woman # 2 I know . I be sorry . Dr. Rogers be just afraid that this could jeapordize we whole rehabilitation program . he do not want anyone from the mental health department anywhere near haddonfield . loomis why do he send you hear then ? woman # 2 in case you already find he ... alive . loomis tell he you could not find I . tell he anything . I can not leave haddonfield now . woman # 2 I be afraid you do not have a choice . there 's a marshall wait for you outside . woman # 2 exit . hospital-michael be walk down the hall . jimmy come into laurie 's room . jimmy Laurie ... listen um .. I know that you do not know I very well . but I just want you to know that we be not go to let anything happen to you . ok ? promise . laurie stare forward she eye do not move . jimmy run outside and bring a nurse in . janet run down the hall and bang on a door . janet Dr. mixtune ! Dr. mixtune ! Dr. mixtune ( no answer ) . the shower be run , but no one be in it . janet walk into doctor 's office . janet Doctor mixture . it 's a emergency . Dr. mixture it 's Laurie strode . she 's have a reaction to the medication . you better come quick ! Dr. mixture ! janet turn the chair around to reveal that dr . mixture have a needle stick in he eye and be dead . janet choke on she word . we see michael come behind she and stab a needle through she eye . of course , she 's scream during this entire scene . laurie 's room jimmy this be ridiculous . I be go to go find Mrs. dowell . jimmy leave . jimmy run down the hall and knock on the door to the lady lounge . jimmy Mrs. dowell ? jimmy run down the hall . the nurse # 2 come out of the room and hear the patient alarm . she go down the hall and into another room , close the door behind she . in laurie 's room , michael walk in with a knife . he stab the bed repeatedly with a knife . he pull the cover off to reveal a bunch of pillow . meanwhile , laurie be hobbling down the hall . michael walk out of laurie 's room . laurie continue to walk down the hall . nurse # 2 walk back into laurie 's room and find it empty . nurse # 2 Laurie ? you ok ? nurse # 2 rush out of the room . on tv monitor we see laurie walk down the hall . we see michael walk out a door . laurie be walk slower and limping at best . laurie reach for a phone and pull it down next to she on the floor . michael walk down the hall . laurie sit the phone in she lap , pick it up . michael be right down the hall . laurie put the phone down remember that the line be cut . laurie peak out the door and see nothing . laurie sit against the wall , close the door and fall asleep . outside the elementary school - loomis , hank , and woman # 2 be walk to the police car . loomis ( to hank ) where be you go to look ? hank I do not know . loomis neither do i. loomis be escort into a car by the marshall . woman # 2 get in and they drive off . hospital nurse # 2 Mr. garet ?! nurse # 2 pick up garet 's hat . we see michael on tv monitor . nurse # 2 Mr. garet !? nurse # 2 walk down hall that michael be just at . nurse # 2 ( open a door ) Mr. garet ? a hand come on nurse # 2 's shoulder . nurse # 2 jump around to see jimmy . nurse # 2 gasp . jimmy sorry . Budd 's go , Mrs. allison 's go . we need to find Laurie . why do not you search the West wing and if you do not find anybody I want you to get in you car and drive out to the sheriff 's station . alright ? nurse # 2 alright . we see michael 's shadow in the background . laurie be asleep on the floor . jimmy search a room . jimmy hello ? jimmy look into a window and find nurse dead , she blood suck from she by a tube . jimmy examine it for a minute . then he walk away . but he slip on the blood and lie on the floor . nurse # 2 run out of the hospital and get into she car . she crank it , but it will not start . she try several time but nothing happen . she get out and see that she have a flat tire . she run to another car and see that it be flat too . and so be the yellow bug over there . she run inside and close the door behind she . laurie slowly get up and open the door and start to limp out the door . she start to walk down the hall but hear nurse # 2 . nurse # 2 Laurie ! Laurie , wait . laurie keep go . nurse # 2 wait , Laurie . laurie turn around to see michael come out behind a door and stab nurse # 2 and drop she to the ground . laurie start limping as fast as she can . she run down a hall and turn . she be panting hard and knock thing over . she run down stair and through a door . she try to open door but they be lock . michael come down the stair . laurie go into the boiler room . she feel behind she and see garet hang from the wall , she scream . michael come at she and she climb up on the boiler and go through a window lead into a room of box just in time . she limp through the trash and outside . she run to a elevator and press the button michael start to come at she . the elevator shift from floor 2 to 1 to G michael come across the corner . laurie get in the elevator and press the button the door close on michael 's knife . but michael loose he grip and the elevator go to the ground floor . laurie run out of the hospital limping . she look for a hide place or a escape . she open a car and hide in the floorboard . she look over the car outside and see nothing . she go back into the floorboard . the marshall 's car loomis you do not believe I now do you ? woman # 2 I be sorry . loomis do not feel sorry for I . feel sorry for that little town back there . woman # 2 Dr. loomis , I think there 's something else you should know . loomis do you see the blackboard back there at the elementary school ? woman # 2 yes ? loomis in order to please the god , the druid priest hold fire ritual . prisoner of war , criminal , the insane , animal be burn alive . by observe the way they die the druid believe they could see element of the future . 2000 year we have come no closer . samhaid be not spirit , it 's not goblin , ghost or witch . it 's the unconscious mind . we be all afraid of the darkness inside ourselves . woman # 2 Dr. loomis please listen to I . there 's a file on Michael myer that nobody know about . loomis I have see everything . woman # 2 no . it be hide . seal by the court after he parent be kill . now after the Governor hear what happen tonight , he authorize Dr. Rogers to open it . loomis what file ? woman # 2 it be not fair . they should have allow you to examine everything . that girl , that strode girl , that 's Michael myer 's sister . she be bear 2 year before he be commite . two year after she parent die and she be adopt by the strode . they request that the record be seal to protect the family . loomis can not you see what he 's do here ? he kill one sister year ago and now he 's try to kill the other one . tonight after I shot he where do they take she ? woman # 2 the clinic . loomis Clinic where ? ( to marshall ) do you know this area well ? marshall a little bit . loomis where 's the hospital locate ? woman # 2 Dr. loomis we be on order from the Governor . marshall it 's back around seventeenth Street . loomis turn this car around right now ! marshall I can not do that I have get order . loomis pull a gun out and put it at marshall 's head . woman # 2 Dr. loomis ! marshall Doctor , you be get yourself into a lot of trouble . loomis what be it you fella 's normally do ? Fire a warning shot , right ? loomis shoot the gun crack a window . the car make a U turn and head for the hospital . in the parking lot of the Hospital , laurie be still in she hide spot . jimmy come into the car and sit down . jimmy try to crank the car . laurie Jimmy ! jimmy ( wounded badly ) it 's alright . we be uh ... we be go to get out of here . ( try the engine again ) I think uh ... jimmy 's head fall on the steering wheel honk the horn . jimmy be dead . laurie push jimmy off the horn . she try the engine again . she exit the car and fall onto the hard pavement . she see loomis 's car pull into the parking lot . she try to crawl to they . loomis I ought to handcuff you to the wheel but I have a feel I be go to need you in there . can I trust you ? marshall sure . what do I get to loose except my job . marshall , loomis , and woman # 2 exit the car . laurie try to crawl to they , she voice be quiet . laurie help ...me... help . loomis close the door to the Hospital . laurie ( scream ) help I !! Inside : loomis ( to marshall ) you go check all the room in there . ( hand he a gun ) ( to woman # 2 ) you come with I and shut up . outside laurie be still try to get up . she stand and limp slowly towards the building . she get about half way when we see michael 's head appear behind a bulide . laurie run to the hospital door and bang on it . michael be close behind she . laurie help ! help ! help ! help ! hlep ! please help ! help ! michael myer be about 30 foot away from she . laurie continue bang on the door . loomis run to the door and open it for laurie , and slam it on michael . michael walk through the door . the glass shatter . loomis shoot he four time . the marshall come out from down the hall . michael drop to the floor . marshall lean down to touch michael . loomis stop ! marshall he 's dead ! loomis no he 's not . look at he he 's still breathe . marshall ok loomis ( to woman # 2 ) there 's a two way radio outside in that car I want you to get on it and get some help down here ! marshall now wait a minute . I be the only one authorize to use that . loomis ( to woman # 2 ) move ! woman 2 exit . loomis ( to laurie ) I be sorry I leave you . be you alright ? marshall lean down at michael . laurie why will not he die ? marshall lean down to pick the mask off of michael . loomis get away from he ! marshall he stop breathe . michael get up and slit marshall 's throat . michael walk towards loomis and laurie . they run down a hall and into a room . they run into another room and see michael come for they through the window . they run into another room . meanwhile , woman # 2 be on the radio . woman # 2 Michael myer be here get you a** over here now ! in the room , laurie be hide in a dark corner . loomis see michael come . he try to give laurie he gun . michael come through the door right outside . loomis ( give she the gun ) come on come on come on . laurie no. loomis take it ! michael 's face appear in the doorway . loomis put the gun down on the floor beside laurie . loomis stand with a gun aim at michael as he crash through the wood door . loomis aim the gun directly at michael 's face , but michael stab loomis in the stomach . loomis fall back into a corner . the shape walk towards laurie . laurie Michael ! michael continue come ... laurie ( raise the gun ) Michael stop ! laurie fire two bullet graze both of he eye . blood run from the hole in the mask michael put he hand over hisey and sling he knife around aimlessly . loomis get up and turn on a tank of gas . laurie get up and turn another tank of gas on . michael continue to stab the air , which be fill up with gas . loomis turn on more gas . loomis ( to laurie ) get out ! laurie do not move . loomis get out !! laurie run out the doorframe into the hall . loomis it 's time , michael ! loomis light a match and the whole room be torch . laurie run and take cover . outside , woman # 2 rush inside . laurie sit against a water fountain she see michael myer come out of the fire cover in fire . michael fall dead on the floor and begin burn . outside - hour or so later - fire department cop , and ambulance be there . laurie be be wheeled in a wheelchair to the ambulance . hank ( to bracket ) what 's the count ? bracket ten ... so far . reporter crowd around laurie . laurie can I ride in front ? driver I be sorry but we be go to have to put you in the back . laurie be help into the ambulance . the ambulance drive down the road . we see laurie 's tired and blank face as the song " Mr. sandman " begin to play . we see michael 's mask burn off . fade out