halloween 7 treatment by Kevin williamson laurie strode , think dead , be discover to be very much alive and live a quiet and content life as mother and teacher at a small New England all girl 's prep school . but with the Eve of all Saints quickly approach , Laurie strodeus world will once again be rip apart by the arrival of a old member of the family . pitch : Chicago suburb . night . we open on a woman come home to find she front door ajar . scare , she go next door to enlist the help of a neighbor . a temage boy . they call the cop . the woman , afraid someone have break into she home , be scared to go inside . while wait for the cop , we learn the woman be Rachel loomis - daughter of Dr. loomis . the teenager - timmy be bored , he 's miss seinfeld . the cop be take too long . timmy decide to check the house out himself . armed with a baseball bat , timy go inside the house while a fearful Rachel stand outside . Inside the house , timmy discover nothing amiss . the house be empty . he return outside and tell Rachel . he say goodnight , leave she alone . she go inside and lock and bolt the front door . she check the house out . it do not appear to be burglarize . ring ! Rachel jump when the phone ring . she answer . it be the police . they be still on they way . Rachel continue check the place over . everything seem fine . except in she office . certain file have be open . we glance they . the name keri tate be glimpse . Rachel 's face go pale . she immediately go for the phone . clank ! a noise be hear . she 's not alone in the house . she move through the house to discover the front door wide open . shit . she bolt . Rachel run out the door and back to the neighbour 's house . she pound on the neighbor 's door . " timmy ! " . the door open to reveal ... michael myer . stand , poise , evil eye burn through slit in he trademark mask . through the door , she see into the live room . seinfeld be on tv . the bloody dead body of timmy lie in front of it . the last thing Rachel see be the blade of a knife as it slice into she , kill she . CUT to ... briarcliff , maine . tyler prep school here we meet none other than Laurie strode . only she name be not Laurie - - it 's keri tate . she run a all - girl 's prep school which work out well for she son mick , 16 . he 's the only boy in the whole school . the school be plan for they annual halloween festival which include a dance with the neighbor all - male prep school . we learn that keri ( aka Laurie ) never die . she assume a new identity and now life , divorced with she only son . but thing be not easy for keri . she have a volatile relationship with she Mick . he hate she . there 's a lot of divorce wreckage and it do not help that keri be a closet alcolaolic . this particular morning , keri be disturb to read in the paper that Rachel loomis , daughter of renow Dr. loomis be find murder in Chicago . she 's afraid of what this may mean . Halloween be tomorrow night . later , in class , it do not help when a bitchy student , SARA , give she oral report on the famous serial killing that plague haddonfield , Illinois for year ( sum up the last six film - explain Laurie 's daughter from 4 , 5 6 ) . Mick want desperately to go live with he father but keri will n’t allow it . this discussion end in a huge fight . meanwhile , there 's a whole muriel’s wedding subplot go on with a young , ugly duckling of a girl . molly , who 's madly in love with Mick . her friend do not understand this since he 's such a cocky asshole but Molly want to ask he to the dance so she friend give she a Sally jesse raphael make - over and transform she to a beauty . but it 's too late , Mick be go with the bitchy Sara . this all intercut with keri / Laurie who start to see the shape around campus . first , behind a hedge . then , outside she classroom window . ( the class discussion be fate ) . then again , between sheet that blow in the clothesline . keri think sheus go crazy . her past have come back to haunt she . when she confide in a fellow teacher , jake brannen -- the English lit. teacher who have a crush on she -- that she never find brother may have turn up he take the opportunity to confront she about she drink . keri start to crack . in full teacher mode , she go off on Jake . keri thanks , Jake , for you well - intentioned and over- boundry step concern but just for you own personal file cabinet info let I give you a quick flash lesson in the life of a alcoholic . let I share with you my experience , strength and hope because I ’ve do the aa thing , I ’ve be in therapy , do the vomit pill , the moderator club , you name it , I have try every little 80' self - help tactic devise and you know what I have discover , in addition to unconditional love of absolute citron , be that alcoholism be not a negative in the 90us . it might have be self - destructive at one time but it 's a big fuck plus in present day USA because the world be not kind . it be harsh and cruel and bloody out there and if my two aspirin a day come in the form of a nice half gallon of Robert mondavi then so fuck - be it . and I can go to all the little 12 step meeting in the world and I can say , " hi , I be keri and I be a alcoholic . " and everyone can hold I and tell I everything be go to be fine with keri once she quit drink but what you seem to be miss from you loving and non-judgemental point of view be that keri do not exist . at the end of the day , the Halloween mask come off and it 's Laurie fuck strode who have to find a way to get to sleep at night with out a butcher knife slice into she dream . jake you need help . keri no shit . jake I be sorry to upset you . I be just try to help . keri then pour I a drink , Jake , because you pick the wrong day for a intervention . keri assure Jake that she 's a intelligent , inform and functional drunk and that he need not worry . the shape , however , keep appear . keri play the woman who cry wolf until Molly be attack by the shape in the girl 's locker room . it turn out to be Mick ( and Sara ) - - play a mean joke on both Molly and he mom . in a huge fight , it be discover that Mick have find lauried journa1 from 20 year ago . he know of she past and be fuck with she head . he really want to go live with he dad and it 's he way of get what he want . keri , relieved , but still a mess , carry on . as they plan for that evening’s Halloween festival . darkness fall . act two - the halloween festival the school be enclose behind tall gate . a electric gate with guardhouse sit at the entrance . in the guardhouse , sit a older , female guard . hattie be she name . she pretty much run the place in matter of security . several bus load of boy come riding through . they ’ve come , dress in costume , to party with the girl . moment later , a car pull up to the gate . she check the monitor . there 's no one behind the wheel . she step outside . through the gate , she see the idling car just sit in front of the school . she do n’t know what to do . she open the gate and walk through . she check out the car . there 's no one there . the tree rustle nearby . she take a look , spook herself . it be , afterall , Halloween . she do not see Michael myer pass through the open gate . she return to the guardhouse . it have a entrance on either side . she phone the local authority when Michael appear in the open door behind she . she turn just as he disappear . there be a huge cat and mouse , involve the two door and hattie and the shape as they follow each other around until hattie meet she end , stab through the heart . keri , piss at she son , punish he , make he stay in he room for the rest of the day and night . Sara sneak in and they have sex . the new and improve Molly ( the result of she make - over ) charm a few guy at the dance . one , in particular , put the move on she . he 's a studly guy with one thing on he mind . he talk she into go for a walk . meanwhile , Sara be do with the sex thing and now she want to go to the dance . Mick be feel bad about what he do to he mom and do n’t want to disobey she . Sara take off , without he . Molly get catch in a compromise situation with stud-boy . he put the move on she . she shy away just as the shape appear -- Molly think it 's a hoax till he kill the guy . Molly take of run . Sara arrive at the dance in full swing . she start to flirt . Molly run to keri- - in she office . she tell she what 's go on . keri call the police . all the line be dead . they go to the gruard gate -- discover the gate will not open . they ’ve be rig close . they be trap . keri and Molly return to the dance in search of a cellular phone . ( they know Sara have one -- she have it earlier ) at the dance , they do n’t want to cause a panic . they get the phone and call the police . keri be surprised Mick be not at the dance -- she be sure he would disobey she . keri , with Sara 's cell phone , call the local police -- they start up the mountain to the school . it 's a long way . keri enlist Jake 's help to help evacuate the school . then , keri go for Mick . Jake figure out how to unlock the gate . they load kid into bus and send they out . keri be attack by the shape . Mick arrive to save she . they run . the police , while travel up the mountain , discover a severe car crash in a tunnel that block they path to the school . it will take hour to clear the tunnel . when they finally do , the police discover that three people be kill in this car crash -- further inspection reveal that three victim '' throat be slashed . the police send a helicopter with four police officer up the mountain to help . when it arrive , the police go in search of the shape while Jake and the helicopter pilot try to bring the remainder of the school to safety . they load the helicopter up when the shape appear . the shape kill the helicopter pilot . Jake jump into the pilot 's chair . he try to fly the chopper . he end up crash it into a mountain side , kill he and all the other innocent victim in it . keri arrive just in time to see it explode and careen down the mountain . the shape turn to keri . a standoff . suddenly , Mick appear with Sara . they scream from a school window . the shape turn to they ... then back to keri . then , he turn and disappear inside the building . he 's go for keri’s son . act three : a motherus wrath keri enter behind they . it 's just they now . a fight to the finish . Inside , the shape attack Mick and Sara . just as the shape be about to kill Sara -- Molly appear , save Sara and Mick 's life . they escape , briefly , for the shape can not be stop and he kill Sara leave only Molly and Mick . Molly and Mick team up with keri and they fight it out for they life . they escape to a old school bus that take they down the mountain side . what they do not know be Michael myer be atop it . while keri drive , Mick and Molly fight off the shape . the bus crash inside a tunnel ( not the same one as before ) where the bloody climax take place . Molly die in a unexpected , surprise attack . Mick , mad as hell , kill the shape but he do n’t die . the shape continually come back for more . another helicopter , spot the overturn bus at the lip of the tunnel , arrive . the police enter the tunnel as the shape kill they of one by one . Mick and keri escape the tunnel jump into the helicopter just as the shape appear . Mick and the shape fight it out while keri start up the propellor just as Mick lure the shape into they . the propeller slice Michael myer in half -- kill he for good . Mick and keri reunite as mother and son . ( end ) early draft h20 script excerpt written by Robert Zappia int . classroom - later that day student file into the class , sit in they assign seat . keri stand behind a desk at the head of the class . the bell ring keri good morning , class . Mr. elliot 's out sick this week ... turn out it be he appendix . the student ad- lib " cool , " " alright , " " yeah . " keri ( cont would ) you compassion be overwhelming . but I be sure you will be happy to hear that he give I the list of student who will be give they oral report today . the student groan . keri ( cont would ) I think so . first up be Sarah locke . Sarah cross to the podium at the head of the class , stand behind it . she read off a stack of index card in front of she ... sarah ( rapidly ) " the haddonfield murder " by pamela whittington . a totally gruesome depiction of serial killer Michael meyer ' path of destruction in a small Illinois town . keri sit up in she chair , uneasy . of all the book ... during the follow , we intercut between the describe flashback and keri , as she struggle to maintain she composure as the memory come flooding back -- sarah ( cont would ) the riveting tale begin with young meyer repeatedly stabbing he older sister to death on Halloween night in 1963 . begin flashback . during the previous dialogue we see the correlate scene from " Halloween " where young Michael meyer in clown attire murder he sister . sarah ( os ) ( cont would ) year later meyer escape from Dr. loomis ' care at Smith 's Grove institution and return home to haddonfield . during the previous dialogue we once again see the correlate scene from " Halloween " where Michael escape from outside the gate of Smith 's Grove in Dr. loomis ' station wagon . sarah ( os ) ( cont would ) it be there that he stalk Laurie strode ... meyer ' young sister ... we see the correlate scene from " Halloween " where the shape watch Laurie strode through the screen door as she approach the old meyer ' house . sarah ( os ) ( cont would ) what follow be a night of terror as Michael meyer slaughter one innocent victim after another . strangle some ... stab other ... in the end it be a Halloween of unprecedented carnage . we see a montage of murder from " Halloween " and " Halloween ii . " end of flashback . on keri , eye swell , struggle to keep the lid on she emotion ... sarah ( cont would ) ironically , Laurie survive that night , but be say to have die in a car accident year later ... leave behind she only daughter , Jamie . begin flashback . during the previous dialogue , we see footage of young Jamie from " Halloween iv . " sarah ( cont would ) the book maintain there be truth to the rumor that Laurie strode be actually alive and well and live under a new identity . claim that she give up she daughter for adoption to protect the eight - year - old from she psychotic uncle . bad idea . last Halloween , Jamie 's mutilate body be find in a barn just outside of haddonfield . we see Jamie 's demise as depict in " Halloween VI . " end flashback . on keri , unable to stand it any longer . she grab she bag , head for the door . keri Excuse I ... keri dart out of the classroom . the student sit in stunne silence , baffle . Sarah collect she card and head back to she seat ... sarah ( cont would ) that be like so rude . int . girl ' restroom - Minutes later keri burst through the bathroom door ... lock herself inside a empty stall ... drop to she knee , barely make it over the toilet before toss up she breakfast .