Halloween 6 : the curse of Michael myer - by Daniel farrands halloween 6 the curse of michael myer darkness fill the screen . superimpose : October 30 , 1995 dead silence for what seem like a eternity , follow by a startling , bone-chill scream as we fade in : int . dungeon - tunnel - night ( distorted ) the agonizing scream continue as we move rapidly through a labyrinth of wind underground tunnel . glow torch light the way . blurry , indistinct silhouettes of grim figure wear black - cowl robe flash along the dank , craggy wall . as we blast around dark corner , we realize we be look from the p.o.v. of a scream young woman be push forward on a gurney . plung deeper into this hellish maze . a door be slammed . wooden . heavy . muffling the scream . spur clank on a pair of silver - tip cowboy boot as a mysterious stranger step into view . Long black duster . Widebrimmed fedora . lit cigarette dangle between glove finger . int . birthing chamber - night ( continuous ) a rat scamper from a hole , forage in the muck of a rotted rack . a white sheet , saturate with blood , cover the parte leg of jamie lloyd , now 16 , cheek flushed with perspiration . jamie oh , God , it 's come ! it 's come ! mary , a young midwife , rush in with a bowl of hot water . Jamie lurch , knock the bowl out of the girl 's hand ; it shatter on the floor . jamie ( continue ) Mary , mother of God , please make it stop ! Mary 's face be freeze in horror . Jamie 's scream build to a unnerve crescendo . the paiin too much for she to bear . flash CUT to : lurid SHOCK cut from the previous " Halloween " entry -- a surrealistic blend of image and voice -- as Jamie relive she terrifying childhood ordeal : loomis ( v.o . ) ... ten year ago he try to kill Laurie strode ... a ) laurie strode ( Jamie Lee curtis ) twist and squirm as she be strangle mercilessly in the hand of the murderous shape . loomis ( v.o . ) ... now he want she daughter . B ) trapped in she bedroom , 10 - year -old jamie ( danielle Harris ) struggle to open the door . she fling it open . the shape be stand there , knife poise to kill ! loomis ( v.o . ) Michael myer be here to kill that little girl and anyone else who get in he way ! C ) rachel ( ellie Cornell ) die in anguish as the shape plunge a pair of scissors through she chest . tina ( Wendy Kaplan ) dive right into the path of the shape 's knife . " Jamie , run !!! " D ) Jamie sink to she knee behind the fall shape , take its hand in she own . close on the shape 's hand . finger flex to life . a grotesque brand on its wrist -- a invert isocscele triangle that will come to be know as the mark of thorn . E ) blinding explosion rip through cinderblock . a jail cell blow to oblivion . firestorm rage . the mysterious stranger appear , open fire with a semi - automatic rifle . pitiful wail of death . officer writhe in pool of blood . in the aftermath of this carnage stand young jamie . flash CUT to : int . chamber - night ( same ) Jamie struggle against she bond . push . scream . lapsing in and out of consciousness during the excruciate pang of labor . haunted by low , moan voice . chanting . flash CUT to : ext . police station - back alley - night ( new footage ) resume Jamie , fill with repidation as she stagger through the smoke - fill cell into a darken , drizzly alleyway . jamie' p.o.v. Beyond the clear wisp of smoke , three figure wear black ski mask usher the shape -- arm and leg shackle in heavy chain -- into the back of a white van . back to scene mutely terrify , Jamie back away -- into the arm of another figure , obscure by smokescreen : the mysterious Stranger ! Jamie 's scream be cut off as the Stranger descend upon she like the angel of death . a cigarette arc throug the darkness like a tiny flare . crushed under the boot of the Stranger . a moment later , Jamie be shove into the front seat of the van . Doors slam . tire screech over wet pavement . the entire precinct explode in a huge conflagration ! SHOCK CUT to : int . chamber - night a slap and the first cry of the newborn baby . Jamie sob uncontrollably , the strap prevent she from reach he . jamie please ... give he to I ... the infant be wrap in black swaddle . the wooden door creak open . Jamie 's eye fill with horror as the shadow of the Stranger fill the room . stand at the threshold . wait to receive the child . jamie ( continue ) no , please ... my baby ! the dark sentinels march out in somber procession , ignore she desperate plea . torch lighting the way . jamie ( continue ) damn you !! damn you all to hell !!! Jamie 's heartrend shriek be cut off by the cold sound of the slamming door . fade to black . MAIN title sequence a diaphanous column rise , a ghostly , slow -motion cylinder of flame that burn through the screen to form the MAIN title : halloween 6 the open credit be branded against the black screen by a invisible , kenetic force , intersperse with a series of cut : Jamie 's baby be lain upon a primitive altar . ringed by eleven stone engrave with cryptic marking . hood , faceless figure . torch hold aloft . disembody voice . whisper . invoking a dark spell . mary , the young midwife , peer around a corner . eye glaze with horror . watch . spy . the newborn scream . the flatten blade of a dagger smear a triangular symbol in blood over the baby 's torso . we move in on this symbol , capture it in freeze frame . it burn off into fiery cinder , disintegrate into darkness . silence . then a startling clap of thunder as we SHOCK CUT to : a sign post stand askew in a matte patch of lawn . wind and rain . intense flash of lightning illuminate : " for sale by strode Realty - sold " ext / int . myer house - subjective p.o.v. move along a trail of drown toy -- baseball , power ranger , a deck of pog -- toward a weather - beat porch . leftover gallon of sear best . brushes soaking in turpentine . a dozen or so 2 x 2s l; ine up to replace a row of break railing slat . p.o.v. look up to the tall , brood edifice . address read : 45 lampkin Lane . Fresh coat of white paint over old clapboard . New shutter on the narrow window . a jack - o'- lantern grin behind filmy curtain . the myer house . despite its recent face - lift , it look just as forebode as it do in " Halloween I . " p.o.v. stalk down the side of the house , around to the back door . open it and quietly move inside . p.o.v. move across the darken kitchen . a drawer be open . lightning reveal a large butcher knife be withdraw . p.o.v. glide past the live room -- a few box , furniture to be arrange -- and move swiftly up a long flight of stair . down the long , dark hallway ... through a door . a bedroom . p.o.v. find 6 - year - old danny strode ... toss and turn in the throes of a nightmare . a ear-splitt thunder crash cause the boy to bolt upright in bed , look right into the p.o.v. sweating . shake . petrify . danny's p.o.v. the thunder seem to roar from the ferocious jaw of t-rex -- a 24 " scale model pose on a shelf among a army of jurassic monster . seemingly bring to life by the electrical STORM . follow danny as he leap out of bed and pad across polished wooden floor into the hallway . lightning flash . with the next thunder crash come a startling , barely intelligible voice . whispering voice ( o.s. ) Danny ... Danny freeze . slowly turn . danny's Pov a ominous shadow at the end of the hall , illuminate by lightning . Long duster and brimm hat . the Stranger ! in he outstretch hand , the gleam butcher knife ! whispering voice ( o.s. ) kill for he ! back to scene Danny scream ! thunder crash hellishly . light flash on . Doors fly open . suddenly Danny be sweep up in the protective arm of he mother , kara , 22 . kara Danny ! the little boy hold onto she for dear life . crying hysterically . eye clench tightly . kara ( continue ) shh. mommy 's here . what be it ? danny the voice man ! he 's here ! kara look in the direction he 's point . in the light there 's just a antique coat rack -- " dress " in a hat , rain jacket and old silver - tip umbrella . kara Danny , no one 's there . Danny dare to look -- but now only cry harder . kara carry Danny back to he room , averting the steely - eye gaze of she father , JOHN strode , staunch , late 40s , wear boxer short and a well - wear undershirt . JOHN some of we have to get some sleep around here . what 's with that kid ? kara ignore he as she mother , debra , careworn face with compassionate eye , try to lend a hand . debra let I take he for you , kara . kara it 's all right , Mom . go back to bed . debra sigh resignedly . tim , 18 , stocky and streetwise , wear tear red sweat pants and " Ice - T " t-shirt , casually replace he walkman headphone and return to he room . int . danny's bedroom - night ( a few minute later ) kara open the closet and switch on the light . satisfy Danny that it 's empty , she break into she perfunctory routine . kara stay away monter , stay away ghoul . stay away from Danny . you jerk know the rule . ( crossing to Danny 's bed ) better ? Danny giggle as he pretty young mother tuck he in . danny mommy , when can we go home ? kara sigh . they have be through this one before . kara Home be here in grandma and grandpa 's new house . at least while I be in college . remember we deal . danny the kid at school say this be a haunt house -- that a bad man use to live here . kara they do , do they ? since when do we start listen to the kid at school ? danny but I have see he ! kara you have be watch too much tv . danny he say thing . bad thing . kara like what ? Danny be afraid to tell she . kara ( continue ) if you mean the thing grandpa say sometimes , ignore he . once he get to know you he will come around ... let the bad thing you hear slide right off you back . kara tousle he blond hair and kiss he forehead . then she go to the closet , just about to turn out the light -- danny ( sit up ; panicked ) no , Mom -- keep it on ! kara okay ... but just for tonight . kara adjust the closet door , cause one of Danny 's school drawing to fly off the wall . she pick it up on she way out . kara ( continue ) good-night , Danny . kara softly close the door . Danny lie awake , blanket draw up to he chin , eye wide . still very much afraid . int . kara' room ( continuous ) kara yawn , remove she glass and rub she eye , set Danny 's draw on a pile of open book . Cliffs Notes and diet Coke can . telltale sign of a late- night cram session . adjusting the dial on she fm / alarm clock , kara begin to move about the little room , slip out of she clothes as the subtly - seductive voice of a woman come over the radio : woman ( v.o. ) I know this sound crazy , Harry , but I love he . I write to he every week . I think I even want to have he child -- the woman be cut off by the nasally , steel - trap voice of harry simm , talk radio 's most popular man of controversy : harry simm ( v.o . ) let I get this straight , Debi . now you be say that not only do this guy get you sexually arouse , but now you want to bear he offspring ?! wearing only she bra and panty , kara move to a full - length mirror and let down she long , flaxen hair . beneath she studious exterior , she be quite attractive : delicate feature with a enviable , naturally - tone figure . woman ( v.o. ) deep down , he 's just like you and I . he just need someone to understand he . someone to love he . harry simm ( v.o . ) you be talk about one of this nation 's most notorious serial killer like he belong in some kind of est seminar ! what planet have you be on , lady ? Michael myer have be dead for six year ! a click as the woman be abruptly disconnected . kara suddenly whirl around , startle by a flash of something -- a face -- in the mirror ! drawn to the window behind she , she rub off rainy mist and peer outside . kara' p.o.v. of the large victorian frame house directly across the street . another flash of lightning reveal the shadow of a man stand in the uppermost window -- look right at she ! angle on kara frightened , she eye lock on Danny 's draw . a child 's scribbling in red crayon : the triangular symbol of thorn ! ext . myer house / blankenship house kara draw the priscilla curtain over the window as we pull back through the pour rain ... toward the house across the street . a ornate sign on the front door read : " blankenship House - room available " crane up toward the window where the shadowy figure stand . a insidious crash of thunder as we push through the window . int . tommy' apartment - night ( continuous ) a macabre display of old newspaper headline , arrange helterskelter on a wall : " halloween kill escape from asylum . " " horror in haddonfield : michael myer claim 16 live . " " reign of terror end as myer perish in vigilante explosion . " Harry simm boom over a state - of - the-art hifi system . a cassette tape record the continue broadcast . harry simm ( v.o . ) now we have get someone who claim he 's actually see Michael myer . do this whacko caller have a name ? stare out the window at the myer house , tommy doyle , a strapping 25 - year-old with reddish brown hair and intense eye , cradle a cordless phone . tommy my name 's Tommy . I be only eight - year - old when I see he . but I be lucky . I survive . Tommy pace nervously around he sparsely - furnish attic apartment . classic horror movie one - sheet and mint first edition comic book share wall space with a chill array of gun , knife , and survivalist weapon . harry simm ( v.o . ) sound like you be a candidate for electroshock therapy , Tommy . do not tell I after all this time you still believe myer be alive ?! Tommy pause , mesmerize by one of the newspaper clipping . tommy Michael 's work be not finish in haddonfield . now it 's just a matter of time before he come home to kill again . but this time I will be ready . move in tight on the headline , frail and yellow by age : " November 1 , 1978 . tommy doyle survive babysitter bloodbath . " directly beneath this : " November 3 , 1989 . jamie lloyd fear dead in police station massacre . " close on a photograph of young Jamie and slow dissolve to : int . dungeon - chamber - night Jamie remain strapped to the table , wrap in bloody sheet . eye close . deathly still . suddenly a urgent , whispering voice pierce the darkness : whispering voice ( o.s. ) Jamie ? Jamie ?! Jamie startles awake to see the midwife frantically release she strap . mary come with I if you want to save you baby . Jamie can not believe she eye . Mary open a threadbare knapsack -- revealing the baby inside ! a soul-shudder rumble echoe throughout the cavern . Jamie leap up , eye wide with fear , sense the evil presence . jamie oh , God ... he 's come ! mary we have get to move . now ! pulse with adrenaline , Jamie harness the knapsack over she shoulder and follow Mary out into the tunnel . tunnel gate chain grind over rusted pulley . a massive iron gate rise , revealing a pair of filthy work boot . leg plant in bold stance as a tall , ominous shape begin to emerge . another tunnel the terrify midwife lead Jamie with she baby on a breathless flight through the wind network of tunnel . haunted by the echoing sound of the rise gate . stalking p.o.v . - through tunnel gliding forward into the hollow catacomb . slow by determine . sense the way . another part of the tunnel reaching a corner , Mary stop and send Jamie off in the opposite direction . mary there ! it 's that way ! jamie no -- mary save you baby -- go now ! Jamie run , disappear down the dark tunnel . Mary quickly remove she shoe and tear off , now silent . stalking p.o.v. surge around a corner . find Mary . move in on she . another angle Mary turn in small circle . fear mount as she falter into darkness . heavy , labor breathing fill the tunnel . a mask -- the pale , neutral feature of a man weirdly distort by the rubber -- materialize out of the void right behind she . the shape ! Mary turn , about to scream when the shape lunge out , lift she up by the nape of the neck and slam she forehead into a large metal spike jutting out from the cavern wall ! leave she impale like a fish on a hook , the shape resume its relentless pursuit . eerie under the light torch . end of tunnel Jamie run frantically . methodical , heavy footstep behind she . she chance a look behind . the shape be come ! Jamie vault up a dark stairwell . a trap door above . it will not budge . Jamie frantically pound against the hatch . the shape mount the stair ! strength fuel by sheer desperation , Jamie force the door open . tumble onto muddy ground . ext . wood - night Jamie drag herself out of the hole and half -run , half - stumble with she baby through a ugly , char forest . sharp branch whip at she face . rain fall . lightning streak across the sky . as if hell - spawn , the shape emerge from the underground chamber and trudge forward , bold and unstoppable . Jamie tumble into a gully , nearly drop the knapsack . she pick herself up , hand grop at rain - sop earth . the shape be right behind she ! int . pickup truck - night ( same ) a slap -happy , overweight motorist sip coffee from a 7 - 11 cup , strain to see the road through fall rain and fogge - up glass . Harry simm keep he mindlessly occupy . harry simm ( v.o . ) next up be dwayne . what 's on you feeble excuse for a mind , " dwayne ? " the motorisft let out a hardy guffaw , spilling he coffee . motorist shit ! finger burn , he search the glove compartment for a napkin . dwayne ( v.o . ) I would just like to say that I listen to you show every night , Harry . I think you be the best . I can not tell you how excited we be that you will be pay a visit to we little town tomorrow night . harry simm ( v.o . ) do you have a point to make here , dwayne , or should I just keep practice my wrist exercise ? dwayne ( chortle ) Harry , you be too much . I would just like to say that I understand how thing have change in the 90' . gay in the military , cut off you husband 's do - jigger , become a national hero . but I just can not see any sense in bring Halloween back to haddonfield . the motorist look up . eye go wide with panic . startle gasp . p.o.v. through windshield Jamie stand in the middle of the road , scream bloody - murder . ext . wooded road / int . pickup truck ( same ) tire screech . the pickup stop on a dime . the motorist just sit there , mouth agape as the shriek girl throw open the door and clamber into the passenger seat . jamie drive ! goddamnit , drive ! through he side - view mirror , the unsuspecting motorist see the outline of a quickly - approach man . unrol he window , he rubberneck a look outside . motorist hey , what do you think you be -- crunching bone and tearing flesh as the shape 's hand shoot through the window , twist the man 's head off he shoulder ! Jamie scream ! lunge for the steering wheel . slam she foot down hard on the gas . another angle the pickup bullet forward , fishtail up the road , never slow down as the driver 's door fly open , dump the motorist 's headless bulk into a muddy ditch . int . pickup ( same ) Jamie drive . check to see that she baby be safe . then let out a primal scream . a hysterical release of fear and rage , drown out by the squabble of voice over the radio : male caller # 2 ( v.o . ) you be come here for this Halloween fair -- it 's all just a game -- a publicity stunt for you , be not it Harry ? this kid -- they be not old enough to remember what myer do here . they look up to you . now you be just ask for trouble . harry simm ( v.o . ) you people really get I . what be they put in the water in that town ? CUT to : int . loomis' cabin - night ( same ) lightning flash and rain pelt the window of a bucolic cabin . this be a man 's retreat and have be for year . Dark wood , wear leather , a few tastefully - choose antique . floor-to-floor ceiling shelf contain a myriad of book and a impressive display of award and degree , all bear the name : SAMUEL J. loomis , Ph.D. after a station identification , " the Harry simm show " resume , tinny - voice caller blaring over a handsomely - restore 1928 bremer -tully . male caller # 3 ( v.o . ) all this fanatics aside , Harry , I would personally like to thank whoever do the mask one in . save we tax - payer a lot of money in the long run . female caller # 3 ( v.o . ) yeah , that sucker 's be dead for six year . it 's about time they have a Halloween revival in this town . now my kid can stop drive I crazy ! move in behind a bald , sharp - feature man , hunch over a can as he reminisc over a collection of frame photograph -- memory of he wife and child . male caller # 4 ( v.o . ) what happen to that psychiatrist of he ? loomis , I think be he name . I hear the old quack be dead . turn at the mention of he name be dr . loomis himself , wear spectacle , a comfortable sweater and he trademark goatee . for the first time ever , we actually see he smile . the burn scar on he face have all but fade away . last trace of the horrid past . loomis not dead . just very much retire . loomis hobble to the desk and finish cut out a newspaper article . as he arrange the strip of paper in a leather - bound scrapbook , a sudden knock at the door give he a startle . ext . loomis' cabin - night ( same ) a ominous figure , clad in hat and trench coat , stand beneath the glow porch light , silhouett in the pour rain . loomis open the door , eye strain in the semi-darkness , try to identify he unexpected visitor . loomis ( sudden recognition ) what the devil ?! come in -- come in ! int . loomis' cabin - night ( continuous ) shuffle inside , drip with rain , dr . terence wynn , a well - dress gentleman in he 5as , remove he hat and coat , quickly make himself at home by the crackle fire . wynn Christ , what a night ! not even so much as a sign for five mile on that road ! loomis that 's the whole idea of live in the country . I thrive on the seclusion . wynn head for the kitchen , rummage through cabinet and drawer as loomis dutifully wipe up he muddy trail . wynn ( o.s. ) do not tell I that the revile rasputin of Smith 's Grove have grow complacent in he golden year . I do not buy it for a single second , Dr. loomis . loomis immediately sense that wynn have a angle . loomis and in all this year , I have never know you to make house call , Dr. wynn . especially at this hour ... wynn return with a bottle of irish whiskey and two shot glass . thrusts one in loomis 's hand and begin to pour . wynn unlike you , Sam , I learn many year ago not to second - guess the motive of my fellow man . remember what Freud say : ' sometimes a cigar be just a cigar . ' or , in this case , a drink be just a drink . loomis I hope you do not come all the way out here in this storm just to quote Freud . wynn as always , you keen power of perception astound I . and you be right . I have come to celebrate . ( raise he glass ) after thirty - two year as psychiatric administrator , guess who have be name Smith 's grove new Chief of staff . loomis but surely Rogers be not -- wynn retire . loomis be abruptly stunne and delighted by the news . loomis why -- congratulation ! I can think of no one better suite for the position . the two old sparring partner drink to the occasion . but wynn 's angle soon come to the helm . wynn of course , I need a new administrator . someone who can bring new life -- and some old blood , if you will pardon the expression -- back to we program ... loomis prepare himself for the bomb . wynn ( continue ) we need you , Dr. loomis . loomis you should know that it 's not wise to play Halloween prank on I . wynn you be the only man for the job , Sam . thing have not be the same since you leave . I be recruiting the best psychiatric team in the country . Old colleague . this be you change to finally make a difference . loomis scratch he head and settles down into he comfortable easy chair , amused at the irony of wynn 's speech . loomis even after my stroke six year ago they practically have to hold a gun to my head to get I to retire . now thing have change . I have change . the ghost have be bury . why on earth would I want to dig they up again ? loomis finally look over at wynn , surprised to find he stand at the desk , look through he scrap book . wynn seem to I there 's at least one ghost that 's still lurking in you closet . we follow wynn 's gaze down toward the open page . a blaze tabloid headline : " michael myer - dead or alive ? " SHOCK CUT to : ext . rural highway - night Jamie 's getaway truck roar around a bend , tear up a desert stretch of highway . the STORM rage . int . pickup ( continuous ) Jamie strain to see as she drive through sheet of rain . bone weary , fight panic , hold one hand steady against the wheel , the other on the crying infant . jamie God ... help we , please ... something up ahead . Jamie 's face fill with expectancy . jamie' p.o.v . - through windshield a light sign appear out of the darkness . glow salvation . familiar red-white-and -blue logo . " greyhound . " ext . bus depot - night the pickup drive into the glow of orange vapor light . skid to a stop in a desert parking lot . Jamie stagger out , cradling the knapsack as she run toward the old depot . int . bus depot - night Jamie blast through double glass door . but the bus station be devoid of life . empty bench . blank arrival / departure signboard . the low hum of vend machine . Jamie move toward the ticket counter . a handwritten sign leave by the attendant : " back in 20 . " shiver , hold she baby , Jamie enter a old - fashioned phone booth . pick up the receiver and immediately dial 911 . voice ( v.o. ) you have reach haddonfield emergency service . due to severe weather condition , all circuit be momentarily busy . if this be not a emergency , please dial directly ... Jamie slam the phone down in terrify frustration . suddenly she become aware of the radio program . pipe in over ancient loudspeaker : harry simm ( v.o . ) for anyone who give a fly circus , this be Harry simm -- the light in you night , the love of you loin -- and I want to hear from more of you bogeyman believer out there . so give I you best shot at 1-800-878-7274 . that 's 1-800 -urtrash ! the station identification cut in . Jamie pick up the receiver and frantically dial the number . int . loomis' cabin - night ( same ) wynn do not give up the sale pitch even as loomis lead he to the door . the radio program still squawk in the b.g. wynn but with Rogers and he house of hack go , you would make the rule . just think it over . loomis please try to understand , terence . I have already make up my mind . as wynn continue to talk , he voice trail off into nothingness , loomis 's attention be divert to the voice on the radio . harry simm ( v.o . ) so they be try to kill you and you baby . do not tell I . you name also happen to be Rosemary . jamie ( v.o. ) ( intense whisper ) no -- please listen ! they be come ... come for I and my baby . loomis 's eye widen ; a man possess . harry simm ( v.o . ) come on , sweetheart -- what be this ? who 's come ? jamie ( v.o. ) it 's ... Michael ... ( release ) ... Michael myer ! loomis stagger . a lifetime of nightmare come back to haunt he all at once . int . tommy' apartment - night ( same ) PRESS in tight on tommy in bed . listen through headphone . sitting upright . thunderstruck . jamie ( v.o. ) somebody help I ! Dr. loomis , be you out there ? can you hear I ? int . loomis' cabin - night ( same ) wynn watch with rapt attention as loomis unlock he safe and withdraw a metal case . he pop it open , revealing he trust .357 Magnum and a box of cartridge . int . bus depot - night ( same ) a bus have arrive . the attendant return to he post . Jamie hang up the phone , fill with trepidation as passengers file inside . a strung - out rocker . a pair of stern - face nun . a pretty teenager greet in the loving arm of she boyfriend . just as she be about to step out of the phone booth , a tall man , back turn , wear a hat and black trench coat , move to stand outside the booth ! Jamie freeze . secure she baby in the knapsack , Jamie throw open the door . suddenly the tall man step in she path ! tall man be you all right , young lady ? shake uncontrollably , Jamie shrink away . back down a narrow hall through the door mark " lady room . " int . lady room - night ( same ) Water run into a grimy basin . unable to contain she tear , she wash the newborn . take a roll of paper towel and try to rub the triangular blood mark off he chest . suddenly the light go out . Jamie gasp . clutch she baby , she turn off the faucet and melt into the darkness . the door creak open . footstep echo inside . jamie have lock herself inside one of the stall . heart pound . the footstep grow louder . Jamie 's eye dart frantically . stalking p.o.v. moving methodically past the row of stall , push open each door , revealing that they be all empty . a crash from the last stall . p.o.v. move toward it . rustling and movement inside . a hand push on the door . a open window above the toilet . Jamie be go ! ext . bus depot - night ( continuous ) Jamie tremble off a stack of crate pile beneath the window and dash around the side of the depot . suddenly the bus roar by , send up a muddy wave as it pull out , disappear down the highway . Jamie move swiftly across the parking lot , clutching the knapsack . she throw open the door of the pickup and jump into the driver 's seat . int . pickup - night ( continuous ) slap down the lock , Jamie thrust the key into the ignition . the engine revs to life . she gun it , peel out of the parking lot . back toward the highway . she drive on , suppress she tear , steal glance at the knapsack bunched up on the passenger 's seat . then she turn and look forward with concentrate attention . jamie' p.o.v. a sign loom ahead : " haddonfield Memorial Hospital - 10 mi. " back to scene Jamie sigh with relief , steadying the wheel just as -- highbeam flash on right behind she , a juggernaut roaring out of blackness ! Jamie 's eye flood with terror . jamie' p.o.v . - through windshield the grill of a familiar white van shoot forward , slamming violently against the pickup 's rear bumper . jamie be jolted forward in she seat . holding on the wheel with a white -knuckle grip as she 's repeatedly hit from behind . ext . highway - night the unseen madman nose forward , veer sharply over the double yellow line , scraping side with the truck . headlights sear a path through the night , lock in neck - and - neck profile . SPARKS flash at 70 - mile -per-hour . the van force Jamie onto the shoulder . it leave the road , tear branch from tree . Jamie scream . ext . pumpkin patch - the chase a quick - cut montage , event tick out in fraction of a second like a nightmare : the pickup springboard over a gulch and slam down hard , tire spin in wave of mud , careen through a vast field . a pumpking patch . the van reappear in a glare of headlight . its engine scream with fire- breathe rage . the pickup put on a furious burst of speed . eat up pumpkin and spin out chunks of splattering seed and pulp . the van bear down hard , slingshot across the field , whizzing past the pickup , cut right in front of it . int . pickup something heavy be throw from the back of the van right through the windshield ! Glass explode ! Jamie scream , hand go up instinctively to protect she face . swerve wildly out of control . she look to see a sprawling , mutilate corpse on top of she . Wide , cold , lifeless eye -- Mary ! jamie no !!! ext . pumpkin patch ( continuous ) the pickup rocket at breakneck speed toward the edge of the field . suddenly -- jamie' p.o.v. the shape stand in the field , tall and unmove , white mask glow hideously in the rush of oncoming headlight . back to scene the truck plow into the shape , drag it under , slamming headlong into the trunk of a huge oak tree . everything be abruptly and shockingly silent . like a phantom in the night , the van be go . the shape nowhere to be see . steam billow from the pickup , engine ticking , a heap of shattered glass and mangle steel . pin against the base of the tree be a shape in human form -- a scarecrow ! move in on Jamie , face - down against the steering wheel . cough on the noxious fume , she stir back to life . slowly , painfully , she shoulder the door . Falls onto the ground . a spark ignites . blinding flash as the gas tank explode , set the truck ablaze . Jamie turn , she face a freeze rictus of horror . debris rain down on she . suddenly a grim shadow rise from the field . the shape -- wield a enormous butcher knife ! Jamie roll onto she back , scream . jamie no -- no !!! suddenly the knife plunge down and land with a terrible thud . int . pickup the knapsack catch fire ... but inside there be no baby . only a roll of paper towel from the bus depot . the scarecrow burn ; mock Jamie with its grin , hand - paint face . slow dissolve to : the shape look at we , white mask scintillating against blind ray of sunlight . rivulets of blood drip off a large carve knife . pulling back , we see it be a life-size , knife - wield effigy of Michael myer , sit astride the " for sale by strode Realty " sign . stage blood spell out the word : " he 's come ! " ext . myer house - morning ( continuous ) John strode look up with disgust as he inspect the grim monument that 's be leave on he front lawn during the night . puff on a cigarette , wear slipper and a flimsy bath robe , John raise a large axe . a group of neighborhood kide -- some dress in Halloween costume -- stand a safe distance away . gather on the sidewalk . gawk , whisper , tittering . John angrily swing the axe into the signpost . the kid jump with a collective start . JOHN enough ... ( one chop ) ... of this ... ( two chop ) ... Michael myer ... ( timber ) ... shit ! suddenly the sign crash down -- and " Michael myer " with it . the kid huddle . John turn on they , brandish the axe . JOHN ( continue ) you stinkin ' kid get three second to get the hell off my property ! one , two -- that 's all it take . the kid scatter , trip over one another as they tear off down the black . satisfied with himself , John stub out he cigarette and haul the sign and its now- headless rider to the trash . then he trudge up the porch step , drop the axe as he enter the house . uttering oath under he breath . boom up over the surround neighborheed . superimpose : " haddonfield , Illinois . Halloween . " last night 's storm have give way to a incredibly bright and picturesque morning . child pour out of they home , burst with excitement , dress in colorful costume . even the myer house , with its trim hedge and fresh coat of paint , somehow manage to look invite . a white van slowly roll up the street . wknb logo , streamer and a large orange banner proclaim : " haddonfield junior college harvest faire ' 95 - see Harry simm live - October 31 . " a now - familiar voice boom over loudspeaker : harry simm ( v.o . ) this be hard Harry simm harping on ya from the Big Apple . tonight 's the night and the place to be be the first annual harvest faire . so come on out of you broom closet , ' fielder , and bogey the night away with I . male caller # 4 ( v.o . ) Harry , I just win first prize for ugliest costume ! guess who I be dress as . harry simm ( v.o . ) you mother ? male caller # 4 ( v.o . ) no , man -- you !!! ext . sanitarium - morning a car bear a official state emblem stop outside a impose curtain of security gate . a large sign read : " smith's grove - warren county sanitarium . " a hand reach out and wave a plastic key card in front of a infrared scanner . surveillance camera perch on the wall . as the gate yawn open and the car drive through , we see the asylum in the distance -- the entire perimeter bound by wood and barb wire fence . int . wynn' car ( continuous ) wynn drive . loomis in the passenger seat , fueling he own anxiety . loomis it be she voice . on the radio . it be Jamie . Calling for I . wynn you do not know that for sure . it could have be anyone . a practical joke . kid . loomis it be Jamie Lloyd . she come back , as I know she would one day . and whatever have bring she back have bring Michael back as well . wynn after six year ? Sam , she die with he in that explosion after the -- loomis that 's what someone want we to believe , but I tell you Michael be alive . I feel he . I sense the evil that life inside , just as I do all that year as I watch he . sitting behind this very same wall . stare . grow stronger . ( off wynn 's silence ) as my colleague , as my friend , please . I can not go through this again . not alone . I need you help to stop he . wynn stare . loomis 's word fall on he like a death sentence . int . sanitarium - reception area ( same ) gold insignia on mahogany door : " terence wynn - chief of staff . " wynn and loomis stride through a plush reception area . dawn , a attractive , high - energy secretary , keep pace , take note , hand wynn he briefcase , phone message , etc . wynn cancel all my appointment . get Dr. loomis anything he need -- file , test , record of every treatment ever administer to a former patient of ours -- Michael myer . dawn ( stunne ) Michael myer ? wynn stop abruptly before head out the door . wynn that 's right . we think there 's a very good chance he might still be alive . loomis acknowledge wynn 's silent understanding . corridor wynn and loomis move along a sterile white corridor . wynn use he key card to buzz they through a series of metal security cage . a retinue of doctor and nurse fall in behind . wynn ( continue ) notify haddonfield 's sheriff ; tell he we be on we way . I want the entire staff on alert . we go to code red lockdown for twenty - four hour . ( beat ) if he be alive , I plan on bring he back . loomis or what 's leave of he . they cut down a sub-passageway and out a fire exit . ext . sanitarium - landing field ( continuous ) loomis and wynn dash across a windswept field where a Smith 's Grove medical transport helicopter await they . the deafen whine of spin rotor as a technician refuel . the doctor step inside . the door close and the helicopter lift off , rise high above the cluster of the white coat below . CUT to : int . myer house - kitchen - morning a blender whip up a revolting concoction of chocolate yoo- hoo , banana yogurt and chewy gummi-worm as Tim , wear Levi 's baggy and a " Harry simm kick ass " T-shirt , rap on the phone . tim bro ' , I know Harry when we live in the city . do not worry -- he will be there . we have get everything arrange . get with I tonight at the fair and I will hook you up . peace . Tim hang up , guzzle down he shake as debra navigate around he , set out the breakfast dish as kara try to study . John , dress in what might be a respectable business suit if it fit he better , mutter grumpily as he pour himself a cup of coffee . JOHN shithead ... deface my property . I show they ... debra relax , John . they be just kid . JOHN kid be what 's ruin this country . everywhere you go , it 's the same . no goddamn respect . Tim let out a huge belch as he finish drink he breakfast . JOHN ( continue ) see what I be talkin ' about ? debra you will never pass that exam on a empty stomach , kara . debra snatch the book out of kara 's hand . debra ( continue ; read ) cognitive therapy and emotional disorder ? what be they teach in college this day ? the art of go crazy ? kara ( indignant ) it 's call psychology , Mom . live in this house be what 's drive I crazy . JOHN who the hell tell you to come live here in the first place ? kara rise , collect she book , try to avoid a confrontation . kara I would better get Danny to school . JOHN she do not show she face for five year , then expect we to roll out the red carpet . you think go to college be gonna make up for you mistake , girl ? debra John , please do not -- tim yo ' , just lay off she , dad . suddenly Danny run in , show off in he dinosaur costume . roaring loudly . startle John . JOHN what the fuck -- kara immediately seize Danny 's hand and usher he toward the back door . kara let 's go , Danny . debra kara , wait . John . can not we all just sit down ? try to be a family for once ? kara I be sorry , Mom . debra reach into she purse and hand kara a couple of dollar . JOHN that 's it , debra , keep slip she the cash . while you be at it , why do not you just give she all we goddamn money ?! John explode , dump the entire content of she purse onto the floor . debra recoil . kara step in . Danny be terrify . kara stay away from she , you bastard . JOHN ( be Danny ) I only see one bastard in this house . kara fly at he with medea-like rage . John instantly grab she by the neck and shove she violently against the counter . tim dad ! let she go ! debra John ! stop it ! stop it ! Danny look outside . frozen in horror . a voice whisper . whispering voice ( v.o. ) kill he , Danny ... kill he ... Danny move across the kitchen . mesmerized . through the screen door , the shape can be see stand in the back yard . kara 's eye bulge as John squeeze she throat . choke she . JOHN you ever raise you hand to I again , I will kill you , you understand ? John look down to see the tip of a butcher knife point at he groin . Danny be hold it -- he eye dark , emotionless . ever so slowly , John release kara . debra and Tim watch in horrify astonishment . suddenly there 's a knock at the back door . kara dive toward Danny . the knife clatter to the floor as she pick he up , grab she book bag and hurtle outside . ext . myer house - back yard ( continuous ) beth , 19 , very " retro , " cute in the waifish sense -- milky white skin , two - tone hair and a dangle nose ring -- be nearly bowl off the back porch as kara and Danny fly out the door . beth make way for the hardin County Express . ( follow they across the yard ) hey , where 's Tim ? we be suppose to go over the list of event for tonight -- Beth be take aback when she see the bruise on kara 's neck . beth ( continue ) he do that to you ? kara another episode of ' daddy know best ' at the strode house . beth pig . what the hell happen this time ? suddenly Tim jump out from behind a clothesline , lock he arm around Beth , attack she with kiss . beth ( continue ) hold on , hot lip . we get work to do . tim shit , Beth , why do we have to be the one to organnize this friggin ' fair ? it 's only Halloween . Beth shove the clipboard at he , a champion of she cause . beth how many time of I have to tell you ? it 's not about Halloween . it 's about be political . there be too many people with corn - cob up they ass in this town tell we what we can and can not do . if we want change , it 's up to we to set a example . int . myer house - kitchen ( same ) debra be on the floor , stifling she tear , put thing back in she purse . John stare coldly out the window . JOHN I want she and that kid out of here tonight . debra rise , face he scornfully . debra I think inherite you father 's house ... the business ... move out here might change thing . but you be still the same , John . ( with finality ) kara have come home , and I will be damned if I let you turn she away again . debra storm off . John bore hole into she with he eye . ext . blankenship house ( same ) Tim lift Danny into the back seat of Beth 's convertible vw bug -- plaster with " greenpeace " and " this be you Brain on drug " bumper sticker . kara and Beth in front . tim whatever happen to woman in back ? beth reality check , dillweed . this be 1995 . pull away from the curb , Beth honk at mrs . blankenship , at least 80 , owner of the student board house across the street . beth ( continue ) see you tonight , Mrs. blankenship ! the old woman just stare forward . a gardem hose in hand as she water a garden of long - dead flower . kara shield she eye , distract , look up at the old victorian house . kara' p.o.v. Beth drive down a shady , tree -line avenue , unaware of the white van that be follow they . kara Beth , who 's that guy that life across the hall from you ? beth why ? you interested ? kara no ! I keep see he stare out he window . watch I . beth you mean Tommy . yeah , on the weirdness scale he 's about a eleven . supposedly some scary shit happen to he when he be a kid . mess up he head . he 's harmless , though . probably just lonely . Tim lean forward , ravaging Beth 's neck . tim or horny . kara Tim , do you always have to act like such a asshole ? tim only when you be around to dump on ... hey , chill , sis . I be just doggin ' ya . suddenly the van roar by and cut they off . Beth lay on the horn . slam on the brake . narrowly avoid a collision . beth speed kill , asshole ! suddenly the van swerve around to face the vw head on . for a breathless moment the van and the vw sit at opposite end of the intersection . idling . a tense stand -off . kara who be that ... kara strain to get a look at the van 's driver . a momentary glimpse of a pale white face behind the wheel . beth ( bravely ) I have get my pepper spray . Danny sit freeze in the back seat . suddenly the van shoot forward , tire scream . startle gasp . the van turn off sharply at the last second , screeching down the next block . tim ( relieved ) happy fuckin' Halloween . beth someone 's try to scare we out of have this fair ... and it 's not gonna work . Beth drive on , grimly determine . kara look back at Danny . he return she frighten gaze . int . tommy' apartment - day Tommy pace in he cramped apartment . Dark circle under he eye . a remote control in hand , review he recording of last night 's Harry simm broadcast : harry simm ( v.o . ) so they be try to kill you and you baby . do not tell I . you name also happen to be Rosemary . jamie ( v.o. ) no , please listen ! they be come ... come for I and my baby . harry simm ( v.o . ) come on , sweetheart -- what be this ? who 's come ? jamie ( v.o. ) it 's ... Michael ... Michael myer ! frustrate , Tommy play it again . adjust the speed . tries to make out something else in the b.g. Jamie 's voice come through . slow . eerie . jamie ( v.o. ) ( continue ; slowed ) it 's ... Michael ... Michael myer ! another voice , distant and distort , filter up behind hers . announcer ( v.o . ) Bus 611 from russellville now arrive . Tommy quickly stop the tape , throw on he wear leather bomber jacket and bolt straight out the door . move in on a pair of old newspaper clipping leave on the floor . headline read : " November 5 , 1989 . jamie lloyd still missing . " " November 19 , 1989 . myer ' niece presumed dead . " dissolve to : int . ford explorer / ext . rural highway - morning Tommy drive like a bat out of hell . the " Greyhound " sign loom ahead . ext . bus depot - morning ( continuous ) the explorer pull up to the depot . Tommy make a beeline for the entrance , cowboy boot splash through rain puddle . int . bus depot ( continuous ) Tommy wade he way through a small crowd up to the ticket booth . a cross -ey attendant greet he . attendant can I help you , sir ? tommy can you tell I if a bus arrive from russellville last night ? the attendant check she roster . attendant sure do . about seven hour ago . you lookin ' for someone -- tommy ( walk away ) thank you . the attendant eye Tommy suspiciously as he enter the phone booth in the corner . Inside , he pick up the receiver and pretend to dial a number . make a cursory inspection . tommy' p.o.v . - phone booth on the floor , tiny droplet of what appear to be blood form a dot trail out the door . tommy follow the crimson path around the corner down a dim hallway , stop at the door mark " lady room . " check first to make sure the coast be clear , he step furtively inside . int . lady ' room ( continuous ) Tommy walk past the sink . Water drip into the filthy basin . he touch something inside , rub it on he finger -- blood . Tommy whirl , startle by a sudden noise . muffled , indistinct . like crying . Tommy gather he courage as he slowly move past the long row of empty stall . the cry grow louder as he reach the final stall . Jamie 's escape route -- the window -- still wide open . a hole in the wall behind the toilet . Tommy reach in , he hand lock onto something . shock and amazement overcome he when he lift out a baby -- Jamie 's baby . tommy Jesus ... the helpless newborn kick and cry , the triangular symbol of thorn still cake in blood over he tiny torso . subjective p.o.v. someone partially open the door , peer in from the hallway as Tommy remove he jacket and bundle the baby inside . tommy okay , little guy . you be okay . back to scene a creak . Tommy look up . the door slowly close . depot hallway Tommy look into shadowy stillness . no one there . hiding the baby , cradling he jacket , he hurry through the crowd and slink out the door mark entrance . SHOCK CUT to : helicopter p.o.v. the SOUND of thwacking blade as we fly past a wind rural highway over a dense grove of oak tree -- massive , ancient guardian of the sprawling pumpkin patch that lie beyond . as we circle the field , red-and - blue gum machine -- police car , fire engine and ambulance -- can be see through gauzy veil of rise black smoke , dissipate with the strong wind . charre in the ground , three intersect line stretch a hundred foot across the plan to form a vivid geoglyphic . the symbol of thorn . helicopter pilot ( v.o. ) ( filter ) chopper one to Smith 's Grove . we have get a visual . approximately ten mile due east of haddonfield . int . helicopter ( continuous ) loomis survey the crash site with morbid fascination . wynn , wear headphone , shout over the noise . wynn ( point ) what be that ? loomis it 's a sign . he 's come home . ext . pumpkin patch - morning ( continuous ) the helicopter land , windmill gust of ashen earth . loomis and wynn jump out , ducking past the spin blade . we follow they through emergency crews and a few curiosity - seeker toward the center of attention . a char body be lift from the eviscerate , flame - blacken pikcup truck . a few foot away , a team of paramedics work frantically around another body , hide among a cluster of pumpkin . loomis surge forward , at once halt by a armed deputy . deputy Sir , you will have to step back . loomis please . I need to see the sheriff . wynn official business . wynn flash he badge . the deputy give they a vex glance . deputy wait here . loomis 's eye flicker with nervous anticipation . the deputy whisper something to sheriff jim holdt , a brood giant of a man who don a stetson , holster .44 special and steel - to boot that give new meaning to the term " bad ass . " even loomis step back as the sheriff lumber toward they . loomis ( extend he hand ) you must be sheriff holdt . holdt respond by stubbing out he marlboro at loomis 's foot . holdt as a matter of fact , I be . and I take it you be the infamous Dr. loomis . loomis I would like to introduce you to terence wynn , the Chief of staff at -- holdt Smith 's Grove . they tell I you would be come . now I suggest you fly right on back to you crackpot asylum . you people get no business in my town . loomis Michael myer be my business . holdt tower above he . holdt I want you to listen and listen good , loomis . thing have be quiet for six year and that 's the way they be gonna stay . the last thing we need be you spout off you ghost storey . as usual , loomis be not easily intimidate . loomis I suppose it be a ghost that do all this . a ghost who call the radio station last night . maybe that same ghost be lie over there right now . holdt fume , ready to boil when -- deputy sheriff ! she 's alive ! holdt and loomis wade through the crush of paramedics , run alongside the stretcher be whisk toward a ambulance . a large knife extrude from a girl 's stomach , pack under sterile gauze . skin pasty - white . lip blue from shock . loomis dear God ... Jamie ! CUT to : ext . haddonfield junior college - parking lot - morning Beth 's car pull into the parking lot of a picturesque , impeccably landscape campus , speckle with colorful leave . a buzz of excitement fill the autumn air . Tim and Beth be surprised to see a small crowd -- campe out in sleep bag , hold " we Love to hate Harry " sign . tim yo , check it out . they have be lining up all night just to see Harry . ( to kara ) you lose you mind in that thing , kara ? kara be nervously rifling through she enormous book bag . kara I can not find my term paper . tim so copy someone else 's . I do it all the time . Works primo . armed with she clipboard , Beth be assaile by she committee . inundate she with question . beth give we victory or give we death . see you tonight , kara ! Tim and Beth be sweep away . a large sheet of paper fall out of kara 's bag . she pick it up , startle by what she see . kara' p.o.v . - the drawing Crayola figure of grandma , grandpa , uncle Tim , and mommy . knive pierce they . blood drip . mouth scream . a black shadow figure bear the word " thorn . " on the flip side , the draw she find last night . Danny 's scribbling of the odd triangular symbol . back to scene the horrifying image send chill up kara 's spine . kara thorn ... lose in grim reverie , kara walk on , oblivious to the activity all around she ... a banner hang from the eave of the library : " haddonfield JR . college - first annual harvest faire . " Tim and Beth supervise as preparation for tonight 's event get underway . student volunteer nail together booth , hang decoration . a half - assemble ferris wheel , a merry - go-round , a ominous - look House of horror . rounding the corner onto the quiet path behind the library , kara suddenly find herself alone . wind whip at she hair . she glance over she shoulder , as if sense a presence . kara' p.o.v. no one be there . just the rustling of leave on the ground . angle on kara walk off in the distance . suddenly the shape step shockingly into frame , watch she disappear around the corner . SHOCK CUT to : int . haddonfield memorial - emergency room - day Doors blast open . the stretcher hold Jamie be push through , loomis right beside she . wynn follow , try to stop he . a shock-trauma unit swarm in . no time to lose . paramedic penetrate abdominal trauma . massive blood loss . we have give she two unit of o-negative stat and dextran . BP sixty . pulse one - twenty ... somehow she pull through out there all night ! dr . bonham , the er resident , peel off the sheet , expose a dark sea of blood around the enormous knife still jutting from Jamie 's stomach . bonham stare , incredulous . dr . bonham how can this girl still be alive ?! type and cross -match for another six unit ! get a ct scan and move she into surgery . ( be loomis and wynn ) and get they out of here ! orderlies move in . loomis will not release Jamie 's hand . wynn Sam , do not -- let they take care of she . loomis I be here now , Jamie . you be go to live . you have to . hospital entrance / admittance desk pneumatic door fly open . Tommy burst through , hold the baby in he jacket . patient and cop everywhere . he hone in on the nurse behind the admittance desk . tommy I need to see a doctor . nurse what seem to be the problem ? tommy I - it 's a baby -- my baby . there 's be -- be a accident . nurse what kind of a accident ? tommy ( explode ) just get I a doctor right now ! adjacent hallway wynn and loomis skirt past a line of security guard . wynn there 's nothing more you can do for she . the shrill sound of wynn 's beeper . he click it . wynn ( continue ) I will be right back . wynn disappear around the corner . loomis wander off alone . tommy ( o.s. ) Dr. loomis ! loomis react , take aback by the frantic young man bound toward he . loomis yes ? tommy Dr. loomis , thank God you be here . you hear she , do not you ? it be Jamie . loomis I be sorry , but do I know you -- tommy I be Tommy . Tommy doyle . Laurie strode -- Jamie 's mother -- she be baby - sit for I that night -- loomis suddenly recognize he . it 's be a very long time . loomis yes ... Tommy . what be you do here ? tommy please -- just tell I the truth . have Michael myer come home ? loomis pull Tommy aside into a empty alcove . loomis what do you know about Michael ? tommy I know he 's alive . people in this town -- they want we to believe he 's dead . but I know . I have always know . loomis right now at least one girl be dead and Jamie Lloyd be in there fight for she life . she be the last of he blood line . if she die -- tommy ( gravely ) no , Dr. loomis . she 's not the last night . Tommy hesitates . loomis 's eye be draw enigmatically to the infant in Tommy 's arm . tommy ( continue ; startle realization ) oh , God -- he cousin . the strode . they be live in the myer house ! loomis 's face fls with horror . Tommy see the admittance nurse , flanke by a pair of security guard , walk he way . tommy ( continue ) I gotta go . Tommy bolt toward the exit . loomis try to stop he . loomis Tommy , wait ! but he be go . a hand tap loomis 's shoulder ; he reel . wynn . wynn there you be . who be that boy ? loomis a old friend . darkness fill loomis 's countenance as we CUT to : ext . myer house - day we peer over the shoulder of the shape , stand across the street . watch debra , in jeans and a rumple sweatshirt , collect left-over painting supplies from the front porch . debra start to open the creaky screen door when she notice the axe John have use earlier . clumsily pick it up and slide it through the top of the crate she be hold . int . myer house - foyer ( continuous ) Laden with she heavy load , debra nudge the door shut with she foot . then cross to another door -- the cellar door . int . myer house - cellar - day ( continuous ) debra , silhouett at the top of the stair , hit a light switch ; a naked bulb spring to life . slowly she descend the rickety staircase . the basement , pitch dark save for a spear of sunlight shoot through a elevate window , be overrun with cobweb , rusted tool and break bicycle part . a clunker of a wash machine rattle in the corner . debra make space for the crate in a storage cabinet . suddenly the wash machine stop . nonpliss , she move toward it . lift the lid . the bed sheet inside be sopping wet . open the electrical fuse box , she flick a switch back and forth a few time -- but the wash machine do not respond . debra great . frustrate , debra look down to see a large puddle of water form on the floor . int . myer house - foyer ( same ) debra haul a laundry basket upstairs , fill with wet sheet . she turn , startle . the front door be stand wide open . just as she go to shut it , a man step out from the live room behind she . she gasp , drop the basket ; it 's loomis . loomis I be very sorry , Mrs. strode . debra shudder at the sight of the beguile , wide - eye man . loomis ( continue ) I have be knock . the door be open . be everything all right in here ? debra ( defensively ) who be you ? loomis I have come to help you family . debra step aside as loomis walk in right past she . holding a valuminous file bear the name " michael audrey myer . " CUT to : int . tommy' apartment - day the SOUND of jangling keys . a door unlocking . Tommy scramble in , the baby iin one arm , a bag of grocery under the other . with a single swipe , he clear away the junk on he futin , then carefully lay down the crying infant . he dig through the bag : baby wipe . diaper . formula . bottle . tommy shhh . okay , okay , Kyle . you like that name ? yeah , I think it suit you . quickly he scan the direction on the formula . pour the liquid into a bottle , nuke it in the microwave , then return to the business at hand . Tommy grimace at the mess inside he leather bomber . the baby cry harder . tommy ( continue ) this be worse for I than it be for you . armed with baby wipe and a diaper , Tommy go to work . upstair hallway ( same ) Mrs. blankenship traverse the hall outside Tommy 's apartment . the baby 's cry ; Tommy 's grossed -out groans can clearly be hear . but the old woman keep walk , oblivious to it all . tommy' apartment ( same ) Tommy finish secure the diaper . the baby in he arm , he test the formula 's temperature and feed he . the infant suck voraciously . the cry stop . Tommy rock he gently . tommy it 's okay , big guy . do not you worry . I be gonna take care of you . CUT to : int . myer house - live room ( same ) loomis , set out the case file on Michael myer -- gruesome photograph of the murder scene -- have debra 's undivide attention . loomis Michael myer be just six - year - old when he stab he sister to death in 1963 . here in this house . for the next fifteen year , I become obsessed with find out what be live inside of he . he be my lift 's work and my ultimate failure . I know what he be but I never know why . CUT to : int . college classroom ( same ) kara sit in the front row of a classrooom as a professor drone on . he look at kara , something frightening in he gaze . watch as she pen glide dreamily over she notebook . loomis ( v.o. ) there 's a live force inside of he . driving he . and I fear that somehow it have be unleash again . kara' p.o.v . - notebook a entire page of scribble triangle . the mark of thorn . CUT to : ext . elementary school - playground - day a group of kide engage in a game of pog -- two opponent face off , slamm down the color disc . lunch money on the ground . High stake indeed . ian , a lunkish 5th grader , be clearly the man to be reckone with . ian who 's my next victim ? the other kid make way as Danny take the empty spot on the tetherball court , sit face - to- face with the inplacable Ian . Danny say nothign as he place he bet and slam the stack of pog . Ian glower . easy money . the showdown begin . CUT to : int . myer house - hallway / kara' room loomis vivdly reenact the nightmare as debra show he upstairs . loomis he creep up this stair and make he way into this room . his sister 's room . right here . where it all begin . debra ( near tear ) what make you think he will come here again ? loomis this house be sacred to he . it 's the source of he memory -- he rage . Mrs. strode , I beg you . do not let you family suffer the same fast as Laurie and she daughter . debra Jamie ? but I think she be -- loomis found this morning . in a field outside haddonfield . stabbed . CUT to : int . hospital - operating room - day Dr. bonham and he team surround Jamie , anesthetize on the operate table , she condition weak but stable . blood flow from the gape wound in she abdomen . slowly , painstakingly , the knife be extract . a nurse take a sample of a thick , viscous fluid from beneath Jamie 's gown and hold it up to the light for the doctor . CUT to : ext . playground - day ( same ) Danny win another round . his till grow . more kid gather to watch . Ian be lose he cool , determine to save face . ian double or nothing . Danny push over the stack , nothing incisive in he manner . Ian retort , angrily slamm he pog . ian ( continue ) look how he sit there . Little freak . just like the bogeyman who use to live in he house . be you the bogeyman , Danny ? Ian trump Danny 's hand and smile haughtily . the low , whisper voice which only Danny can hear rumble in he mind . whispering voice ( v.o. ) kill he , Danny ... kill he now ... Danny stare blankly across the playground . danny's p.o.v. the white van be park across the street . a tall figure in black stand beside it , watch Danny . the Stranger ! CUT to : int . campus library - day kara sit glue behind a computer monitor , the glow of the screen reflect in she read glass . loomis ( v.o. ) this force which drive he , which keep he alive , come from something more powerful -- more deadly than we can possibly imagine . the embodiment of all that be evil . kara' p.o.v. a litany of topic scroll up the screen . kara punch in one of they . Card catalog entry read : " thorn : the Devil 's rune . " ext . playground ( same ) spellbound , Danny slam down the win pog . methodically , he dump the money in he Halloween bag and begin to walk away . Ian see red . written across Danny 's last pog : " die , fat ass . " ian you crazy little freak !!! Ian go berserk , leaping out at Danny like a enraged lion . the kid cheer he on as a full - fledge playground brawl ensue . Danny break away . run . with a amazing burst of strength , he swing a tetherball . th ball crack Ian right between he eye , lay the bully flat on he ass . CUT to : int . myer house ( same ) debra lead loomis to the front door , she face cloud with fear . debra what should I do ? loomis lock the door and call you husband . get you family as far away from haddonfield as possible . debra God ... this can not be true . loomis Mrs. strode , Michael myer be here to kill he family . and he will not stop until you be all destroy . I only thank God that I find you before he do . loomis grip she hand reassuringly , then head out the door . debra turn the deadbolt , secure it with the chain lock . she collapse against the wall , tear of horror in she eye . CUT to : ext . playground / gate ( same ) a teacher blow a whistle , wading through the scream , cheer kid as Danny pummel Ian brutally with he fist . the teacher help Ian out of the fray , eye warbling , nose and mouth bleed . Danny take off run toward the gate . suddenly he barrel into the outstretch hand of a tower shape . Danny look up in shock at a stone - face man -- Tommy ! CUT to : int . campus library - day moving with kara through long row of book -- a veritable labyrinth of knowledge . she come down a desert aisle , search . her eye spot what she be look for . she pull out a old , dusty tome and begin flipping through its page . as she read we see the cover : " rune and ancient Black Magic . " CUT to : ext . strode realty - day establishing . a modest , one -story building locate in the older business section of town . cheap Halloween decoration hang in the window . a " OPEN " sign on the front door . moan of ecstasy resound along the street , attract the attention of the mid-day passerby . harry simm ( v.o . ) I be come . yes . I be come . get ready . I be come . oh , yes ! yess !!! the wknb station van roll by ; another Harry simm plug . some people laugh . other wince in disgust . harry simm ( v.o. ) ( continue ) make ya look !!! I be come , all right . and you better be there . tonight . let 's do it together . int . strode realty - day ( continuous ) a sparesely - furnish office scream for renovation . Business be obviously slow . John rattles a jamme file cabinet , then kick it in a fit of angry frustration before answer the incessantly ringing phone . JOHN ( bark ) strode Realty . int . myer house - kitchen debra on the other end . tear redden she cheek . debra John , it 's I . something terrible have happen . intercut they conversation . JOHN what be it this time ? debra a man come by the house . a psychiatrist by the name of loomis . John stiffen , slowly sit down behind he desk . debra ( continue ) he tell I about the terrible thing that happen here . in we house . JOHN what the fuck be you do let stranger in without -- debra ( release ) John , they sound Jamie Lloyd this morning ! someone try to kill she ! JOHN what in God 's name be you talk about , woman ? when be you gonna stop listen to that damned talk show ? debra I be get the child out of here . at least until we know what we be deal with . John , I want you to come with we . JOHN ( whisper ) debra , you be fuckin ' insane . debra you know , do not you , John ? you know . a click as the line suddenly go dead . John scowl , open he lower desk drawer , produce a bottle of jd and a small glass . he blow off dust and begin to pour . JOHN trick - or- treat to you , too . CUT to : int . myer house - upstair ( same ) camera follows debra in frantic flight from bedroom to bedroom , throw open closet and drawer , fill a suitcase with a night 's worth of clothes for she family . she accidentally knock a family portrait off a bureau . Glass shatter . foyer / live room debra drag the suitcase downstairs . let out a horrify gasp . the crate she have previously store in the cellar be now sit in the center of the hallway ... the axe that have be stick out of it earlier be now miss ! the telephone ring . eye rivete to the crate , debra back away down the hall . into the live room . pick up the phone . debra hello ? a startling , intensely whisper voice : whispering voice ( v.o. ) we want the child ... debra slam down the phone . terror paralyze she . muffled , heavy breathing fill the room . debra oh , God ... debra race back into the foyer and struggle with the door . in she panic , she can not release the chain lock . she turn to see the shape stand right behind she ! debra scream . break for the hall . through the kitchen . fling open the back door . ext . back yard - day ( continuous ) debra half -run , half - stumble through the endless row of clothesline . White sheet twist around she like ghost in the bluster wind . she toss they aside , one after the other . approach the driveway . Safety up ahead . whipping aside the last sheet , debra find herself stare into the shape 's death mask . her eye bug . too late to scream . the miss axe swing at she like a sledge hammer . blood paint the sheet red as we dissolve to : ext . college campus - dusk Laden with she book bag , kara exit the library and head across the campus green . all around she , the sight and sound of the impending carnival come to life . ride assemble . Paper witch hang from broomstick . goblin lurk behind syrofoam gravestone . kara wave at Beth in the distance , make last - minute preparation . Student volunteer scurrying in every which direction . don costume . a ducking for apple booth . homebake goody set out on picnic table . Long row of pumpkin line up for a jack - o' - lantern carve contest . the centerpiece of all this be a huge , magnificently decorate halloween tree . Tim and a gaggle of worker stream up ladder , string light , hoist up colorful bunt fill with mound of candy . as kara walk along , she hair be toss about in the brisk wind , she become aware of the magical , almost out of time quality that seem to hang in the air . ext . STREET ( same ) kara walk past the crow of " Harry -ite " gather outside the campus gate , now extend half - way around the block . the wknb van roll by , exhort the crowd with the voice of the man they have all come to see : harry simm ( v.o. ) it 's almost that time , all you kiddie and woman with big -- hey , what rhyme with kiddie ? so let 's count it down as we get down to the witching hour ! kara walk on , smile to herself as the crowd burst into gale of wild , exuberant cheer . ext . lampkin lane / myer house - dusk the set sun glow behind the tree , casting long shadow as kara round the corner onto she street . kide already pour out of they home , some accompany by parent , other join group of friend . kara amble up the walk of the myer house , shoe clap up the porch step as she dig the key out of she overstuff bag . unbolt the door , she find that it 's secure with the chain -lock . kara push on it , call inside . kara Mom , I be home ... hello ? no response . puzzle , she step off the porch and make she way around the side of the house , camera following as she peer into the window along the way . back yard ( continuous ) kara walk along the billow clothesline , pass the blank spot where the blood-stain sheet be -- and be no longer . she reach the back door . stand ajar . kara Mom ? caste one last glance across the yard , she step inside . int . myer house - kitchen ( same ) everything in its proper place . kara drop she heavy bag on the kitchen table and proceed down the hall . live room / foyer - dusk into night ( continuous ) the room be quickly fall into darkness . the eeriness almost palpable . kara advance into the live room , eye roam . kara Mom ? ... Danny ? nothing . kara move into the foyer . her mother 's suitcase still sit there . Beyond , the cellar door stand wide open . kara move toward it , peer into blackness . a sudden crash from upstairs . kara jerk the door close and look up the deeply - shadow staircase . kara ( continue ) Mom ? be you there ? a muffle roar . kara mount the staircase . upstair hallway ( continuous ) kara reach the second floor landing and move slowly toward the door at the end of the hall . Danny 's room . a orange glow flicker around the edge of the close door . kara' p.o.v. her hand grab the doorknob , turn it . the door swing open . danny's bedroom someone sit on the edge of Danny 's bed . a man . his back turn . dinosaur roar on sega Genesis . Danny squatting on the floor , engross in he game . kara stare at the intruder in horrify disbelief . kara who the hell be you ? the man watch over Danny turn toward kara . it 's Tommy . tommy I - I be you neighbor from across the street . my name 's Tommy . Tommy doyle . panicked , kara make a wall of herself between Tommy and Danny . the little boy be not the least bit faze . kara what be you do with my son ? where 's my mother ? Tommy back off a tick , calmly try to explain . tommy she be not here when I bring Danny home from -- kara ( fortissimo ) Danny , go downstairs -- now ! Danny finally look up , exasperate . danny Tommy 's my new friend . we have be play ' till you get home . he know all about dinosaur . one look at Danny 's black eye and kara go ballistic . kara my , God ! what have you do to he ? tommy I do not -- he get in a fight and I -- kara you stay away from he ! kara start to drag Danny away by the arm . he resist angrily . danny it be not Tommy ! it be the voice man . kara see Tommy hunker down in the corner , lift something out of a crate -- a makeship crib . he turn , he expression very grave . holding the baby . tommy I want you to listen very carefully to everything I be about to tell you . kara 's face be a melange of wonder and fear as we dissolve to : int . jamie' hospital room - night Jamie lie comatose , ensconce in the dim glow of monitor . sustain by i.v.s and a breathe apparatus . move in on Jamie . ekg register rapid heartbeat . move in tight on she eye , darting beneath close lid . int . corridor - distorted vision ( dream sequence ) blood-chill scream as we move rapidly through a blinding tunnel of light . blurr , indistinct image . figure wear long white coat flash along sterile wall . as we blast around corner , we realize we be see from the p.o.v. of a girl be push forward on a gurney . it be Jamie . her arm injected with a sedative . eye lolling . succumb . jamie' p.o.v . - moving ( dream sequence ) even more distorted now , image swirl at random . cold , stare face . flash light on a wall panel : " 3-2 - 1 - B " -- a elevator . go down . down . beneath the basement level . the door open . the gurney slam out into darkness . voice echo . lighted torch flicker on craggy wall . jamie ( o.s. ) please -- do not let he do this to I . voice ( o.s. ) we be not go to hurt you , Jamie . he choose you . now it 's time . shape' p.o.v. pace back and forth behind iron bar , agitate , disturb . seeing Jamie strapped to a table . surrounded by robe figure . chanting . weakly , Jamie reach out toward the cell . jamie please , Michael ... help I . suddenly a long shadow fill the room . the p.o.v. become more restless as the Stranger glide toward Jamie and disrobe . the figure close the circle . Jamie scream in terror . the shape 's hand slam violently against the iron bar , a horrific shudder of metal as we SHOCK CUT to : int . jamie' hospital room - night ( same ) Jamie 's eye flash open ! a dark shadow fill the room . the Stranger descend on she ! glove hand cover Jamie 's mouth . a switchblade flick open . whispering voice ( o.s. ) you work be do , Jamie . the glint blade slashes across Jamie 's throat , cut off she soundless scream ! then the Stranger flow out of the room . spur clanking . like a thief in the night . the shrill sound of a beeper go off as we slow dissolve to : ext . haddonfield street - night - series of shot the dark blanket of night envelop the little town . the light of the fair twinkle in the distance , bright and beckone . families -- man , woman and child alike -- turn out from they home wear costume , join a grow procession along the peaceful street of haddonfield . a large group of protestor carry picket sign in front of the campus gate . rallying against the celebration . haddonfield 's finest out in full force , squad car sweeping alongside a black stretch limo as it make its way through town . tinted window make it impossible to see inside . ext . campus parking lot / harvest fair entrance - night Tim and Beth , standouts as punk version of frankenstein and he bride , stride purposefully toward the fair entrance . Beth be a jumble of nerve as she run down she checklist of event . beth Seven -thirty be the costume pageant ... carve jack - o' - lantern at eight ... photo for the school paper at nine ... then Harry light the tree at nine - thirty ... I just know I be forget something ! tim relax . everything 's cool . do not I tell you Harry would be here ? the limo crawl into the parking lot . a stampede of overzealous fan surge past they . beth that 's what worry I . Tim and Beth move into the fair , with all its noise and colorful movement . another angle kide wave sign and t-shirt . throw themselves at the window . frenzied clamoring . Harry -mania abound . the wknb van park parallel to the step of the library , adorn with harem girl and a large golden throne . the side door open . a red carpet be roll out . a tall , impose figure emerge from the van and walk up the step . spur clanking on black boot . " jesse James " style duster . hat cocked slightly . harry simm ( v.o. ) hellllo , haddonfield !!! the crowd turn in a mass of confusion . stand above they , wave from a microphone , be harry . Dark sunglass . gaunt , glacial feature and a outrageous mane of black hair . suddenly Harry throw open he duster -- flash they -- revealing that he have nothing on beneath except he boot and a pair of bright orange boxer short that say " happy halloween . " the kid go insane . angle on loomis make he way through the teeming crowd . walkie-talkie in hand . the helicopter zoom overhead . wynn 's voice squawk over garble radio chatter . conduct a surveillance by air . wynn ( v.o. ) ( filter ) there 's more people move eastbound down Old reservoir Road past the elementary school . loomis ( into walkie - talkie ) any word on the location of the strode ? wynn ( v.o. ) no one 's home . checked it out myself . loomis good . I want around - the-clock surveillance on that house . suddenly loomis be waylaid by a giant wall of a man -- sheriff holdt . loomis meet he fiery gaze . holdt I be warning you , loomis -- stay out of my way . you may have have free reign when Ben meeker be sheriff , God rest he soul , but I be in charge now . and I be not about to stand by and watch you turn this night into some kind of sadistic witch hunt . wynn ( v.o. ) Sam , I just get word from the hospital . you would better get over there right away . loomis ( into walkie - talkie ) what 's wrong ? what 's happen to Jamie ? wynn ( v.o. ) I will meet you over there . loomis tear off . holdt stare brazenly , throw down he cigarette . crushes it under he boot and slowly follow he . CUT to : int . blankenship house - lobby - night carry the crying baby , Tommy lead kara and Danny into the lobby of the vintage board home . Polished wood . frame old painting . Wall - to-wall Tiffany lamp . Mrs. blankenship sit behind the front desk , oblivious to the grinding and scream on the television as " the Texas chain saw massacre " reach its horrific climax on the annual horrorthon . tommy quiet around here tonight , huh , Mrs. b.? as usual , the senile old woman do not reply . kara ( indignantly ; to Tommy ) do you mind tell I what this be all about ? Tim and Beth be wait for we . Tommy usher kara and Danny up the stair . Mrs. blankenship stare at the boy -- the kind of stare that would send most kid run for they mom . but Danny be undaunted . int . tommy' apartment ( continuous ) the door open . kara be repulse by the sight of Tommy 's musty , unkempt apartment . danny Mom , I want to go to the fair ... kara ( to Tommy ) you can not expect we to stay here -- Tommy adjust the blind on the window look out on the myer house . tommy I want you to watch you house . you can see everything from this window . kara glare , remind of last night . kara do you know how insane this be ? who be I suppose to be look for ? tommy him . Tommy flash a newspaper article in front of she . one we have see eariler : " michael myer - dead of alive ? " the baby 's scream be verge on overload . Tommy dash to the recess kitchen area and heat up another bottle . as kara read , Danny tug at he mother 's blouse . danny come on , Mom . we be gonna miss all the fun stuff ! kara ( snap ) Danny , you be just go to have to wait ! Danny plod off . kara hand Tommy a nipple for the bottle . they eye lock for a beat . he take it . tommy shhh . it 's okay , Kyle . just give I one more -- ( the microwave beeps ) -- second . there you go , big guy . kara look on as Tommy attempt to feed the baby . despite he clumsiness , she 's undeniably move . behind they , Danny 's imagination kick into high gear as he drive a power Ranger over a invisible race track . on the floor . across the windowsill . glancing across the street . danny's p.o.v . - the myer house stand below on the front lawn be the shape , silhouett under a moonlit tree . look right at Danny . back to scene Danny back away , terrify . Tommy and kara be too concerned with the baby to notice . tommy God , what 's wrong with he ? kara here . let I try . Tommy gingerly hand the baby over to she . instantaneously , Kyle 's cry subside . kara ( continue ; fawn ) there . all it take be a mother 's touch . for one fleeting moment , Tommy and kara find themselves smile at one another . unaware as Danny glide silently out the door . Tommy 's expression darken once again . a man possess . tommy Kyle 's mother might be dead for all I know . now I be afraid he could be next . kara why would anyone want to kill a innocent baby ? tommy not just Kyle . all of you . his entire family . ( reach toward Kyle ) here . look at this . Tommy open the baby 's quilt , revealing the blood mark smear over he torso . kara 's face register terrify recognition . tommy ( continue ) it be there when I find he this morning . it look like some kind of letter or number or -- kara it 's a rune ... thorn . CUT to : int . jamie' hospital room / hallway - night police on the scene . a cry nurse give a statement . a crime scene photographer snapp photograph as Jamie 's bloody corpse be cover over with a white sheet . loomis stand freeze in horror . tear in he eye . loomis Jamie ... I fail you again . I never should have leave you . he spin , pounce on sheriff holdt . loomis ( continue ) now will you do something ?! how many more innocent people have to die ?! wynn restrain he . pull he away . the sheriff do not budge . wynn do not do this to yourself , Sam . let 's go . come on . wynn usher loomis out of the room . holdt stare apathetically . hallway ( continuous ) wynn try to calm loomis down . Jamie 's doctor approach . dr . bonham Dr. loomis ? wynn what be it ? dr . bonham I be very sorry ... loomis you let it get to she . how could you ? dr . bonham Dr. loomis , there 's something else you should know . during surgery , we discover that Jamie 's uterus be hemorrhage . we find this . ( display a small vital ) it 's placental fluid . loomis God in heaven . you do not tell I she be -- dr . bonham I estimate she give birth no more than a few hour before the attack . wynn then where 's she baby ? Jamie 's cover body be wheeled out past they . loomis regards wynn with a look of abject fear . loomis I think I may already know ... CUT to : int . tommy' apartment ( same ) close on a chapter head . " thorn - the Devil 's rune . " beneath it , a bold depiction of the familiar thorn triangle . pull back to reveal Tommy poring over the old library book . kara pace , rock the baby , feed he with the bottle . kara rune be a kind of early alphabet that originate in Northern Europe thousand of year ago . they be symbol -- carve out of stone or piece of wood . of all the rune , thorn have the most negative influence . cult use they in blood ritual to portend future event and invoke magic . tommy Black magic ... ( read ) ' in ancient time , thorn be believe to cause sickness , famine and death . translated literally , it be the name of a demon spirit that deliver human sacrifice ... on the celtic celebration of samhain . ' kara Halloween . tommy ' when apply directly to another person , thorn could be use to call upon they confusion and destruction -- to literally visit they with the Devil . ' Tommy jump up , frantically move around the apartment , collect he jacket , he key -- a gun . kara ( terrify ) where be you go ? tommy to find the rest of you family before Michael myer do -- or whoever 's be control he . a ominous click as Tommy load a cartridge into he gun . he bolt toward the door . find it stand wide open . kara freeze , notice for the first time that Danny be miss . kara oh , God -- where 's Danny ? kara fly down the hall , the baby in she arm . Tommy move out right behind she . int . blankenship house - lobby ( continuous ) kara and Tommy barrel downstairs , search frantically . kara Danny ?! Danny ! tommy Mrs. blankenship , have you see the little boy who come in with I and -- they find Mrs. blankenship and Danny sit side by side , watch the horrorthon . a bowl of popcorn between they . kara ( grab he ) Danny , do not ever walk off without tell I where you be go ! Danny look at she . a blank , hollow stare . the old woman 's eye glitter madly . mrs . blankenship the voice . he hear the voice . just like the other little boy who use to live in that house . Tommy throw on he jacket and open the front door . tommy take the kid upstairs , lock the door and wait for I . ( beat ) and kara , whatever you do -- do not go back to you house . kara watch fearfully as Tommy head out the door . leave she alone with the child . ext . house / STREET - night wind moan . Dead leave blow across the windy lane as Tommy fly down the path of the blankenship house and hop into he explorer . the shape suddenly rise into frame . watch he peel off down the block . taillight disappear . a moment later , another car ramble up the street , swerving erratically into the driveway of the myer house . the shape watch . int . garage - night ( continuous ) the car park . sit in silence . suddenly the driver 's side door open , emblazon with the " strode Realty " emblem . John spill out , collar unbuttone , tie dangle . pick himself up , he stagger out of the garage . laugh . sing . JOHN ... pretty woman , walk down the street ... pretty woman , the kind I would like to meet . ext . myer house ( continuous ) follow John 's circuitous route across the front lawn , stumbling over one of Danny 's toy on he way up the porch step . JOHN damn kid ... this be my house ... John fumble wth he key , estimate the location of the lock . he turn the knob -- but the door 's jamme . chain -locked . JOHN ( continue ) what the fuck ... ( yell inside ) ... debra , open this goddamn door before I break it down ! you get to three ... ( no response ) ... one ... two ... ( still no response ) ... two and a half ... John slam he weight against the door . it do not budge . grumbling , John totter off the porch , try to hold himself steady . skirt along the side of the house . int . myer house - kitchen ( continuous ) John sway in through the back door and flick on a light . strain for lucidity . no one in the kitchen . JOHN debra -- I be home ! no answer . John shrug and move to the stove . open the lid on a pasta cooker . nothing inside . JOHN ( continue ; mutter ) work all day and not even any supper ... frustrate , John open the freezer and remove a freeze dinner . tear open the box and pop it in the microwave . then he flounder down the dark alley , knock picture frame awry . live room / foyer darkness , save for a glow jack - o' - lantern . John stand there , list . bewildere . then he switch on a lamp , kick off he shoe and crash onto he lumpy old recliner . JOHN all right ... you can all come out now ... still no reply . John sneer , flick on the television with the remote control and settles back into he chair . insert - television a scene from another horror movie . a boy shred he pumpkin mask as a mass of beetle and snake pour out of he skull . back to scene JOHN what be this shit ? disgust , he switch channel to the local news . a shrill beep from the kitchen startles he . the microwave . kitchen John waddle to a drawer and remove a set of utensil . then he reach for the microwave , open it . but he dinner be go . spin around , he see the piping hot entree already sit out on the kitchen table . John double - take , mentally retrace he step . shrug . follow JOHN as he pick up he tray and plod back down the hall . suddenly he trip over something -- the suitcase debra have pack earlier , sit smack -dead in the center of the hall . JOHN so this be the game you wanna play . Fine . go ahead . keep it up all night ... live room John settles back into he chair and begin to eat ravenously . scream from the television . he react . insert - television someone have switch it back to the horror movie . a computer-generated pumpkin cause more mask head to explode . back to scene John shake the remote . out of the corner of he eye , he catch a shadowy figure darting by in the darken foyer . JOHN be that you , you little brat ? Danny ?! John rise , about to go for he when suddenly the power cut out -- and the entire house be plunge into blackness . JOHN ( continue ) when I get my hand on you , kid , you be gonna wish you be never bear ! John pull a rechargeable flashlight from the wall and go to the cellar door . it stand open . a invitation to enter . JOHN ( continue ) oh , I be scared . I be really scared . with that , John step down into the basement . int . cellar ( continuous ) John tentatively descend the stair . barefoot . the flashlight beam precede he every step . a rumbling below . the cellar be light only by a shaft of moonlight cut through the single dusty window . John probe around , shine the flashlight over cobweb , box -- the puddle of water at he foot . now flooding the entire floor . John sloshes through the water toward the wash machine -- which be run at full tact . JOHN what the hell -- he open the washer lid and lift out a water - logge sheet . it drip red onto the white appliance -- blood . John back away , lose he foot , and slip in the water -- landing right at the shape 's foot . John scream as the shape grab he by the neck , lift he off the floor with one hand , then carry he across the basement and slam he brutally against the open fuse box . the shape 's free hand lift a enormous butcher knife . a loud whap as it 's drive to the hilt into John 's chest , through the fuse box . spark wain from the wall . electricity course through John 's write body . ext . myer house ( same ) light flash on and off in the window . suddenly the entire house be plunge into darkness . int . myer house - cellar ( same ) John 's toe curl . the skin around where the knife penetrate fry . the shape step back , head tilt , breathing steadily , curiously observe John 's hang , lifeless body . CUT to : ext . harvest fair - night Tommy grab the ticket he 's just pay for , hand it to a attendant and move through the turnstile amid a steady stream of revellers . loud music , the aroma of apple cider and pumpkin pie fill the air . boot sell food and craft . Children carve jack - o'- lantern . Parents beam with pride . trendy co - ed play game . ducking for apple . shoot pumpkin-face balloon with water pistol . ext . library step Tim and Beth sit on either side of Harry as he interview they during a live broadcast . a large crowd gather below . harry simm ( into mike ) I be here with Tim and Beth -- the organizer of tonight 's event . how do it feel know you have finally pull Halloween out of the closet ? tim ( into mike ) yo , Harry , it 's great ! and have you here with we be dope . totally raw . you be the ultimate juice ! harry simm I will remember that the next time my wife tell I I do not make she climax . beth ( impassion ) what Tim mean be that we have take a firm stand against censorship . not only for haddonfield , but for every town in the nation . we generation will not let the power - that - be control we mind , dictate what clothes we wear , what music we listen to , or what holiday we celebrate . Beth 's rouse speech be meet by gale of enthusiastic cheer . harry ( off-handedly ) have you ever consider run for public office ? CUT to : ext . haddonfield street - various shot - night the distant sound of the celebration be carry on the wing of the wind . howling through dark , empty street . row of desert house . not a soul in sight . preternatural stillness . int . blankenship house - night kara look nervously out a window , then walk into the parlor where she find Danny sit in the dark , glue to the horrorthon . flame crackle in the fireplace , casting weird shadow . Mrs. blankenship sit in a wooden rocker , cradling the infant , hum a lullaby . if we look closely enough , behind she in the window we can see the hazy shadow of the shape look in . kara Mrs. blankenship , what do you mean about the little boy who use to live across the street ? the old woman do not seem to hear she . lose in she own world . kara ( continue ; insistent ) Mrs. blankenship , please . this be important ! Mrs. blankenship look up sharply , startling kara . mrs . blankenship he hear the voice . same as you boy hear . kara what voice ? what be you talk about ? mrs . blankenship the voice that speak to Michael myer . the one that tell he to kill he family . kara stare at she , numbe . she gaze over at Danny , he eye rivete -- not to the tv screen . look past it . across the street at the myer house . the haunt voice whisper to he . whispering voice ( v.o. ) I be come for you , Danny ... I be come . CUT to : ext . harvest fair - night Tim and Beth ride high atop the ferris wheel . they smile face aglow in a dizzying whirlwind of light . dark cloud be gather in the sky , cover the moon and star . a light rain begin to fall . angle on tommy walk , search , hunt . past a large tent where child be gather . a sign read : costume pageant . Tommy react to a terrify scream . just a couple of teenage boy pull a innocuously fighten girl onto another ride . the stranger walk steadily past the bright light of the ferris wheel . tommy push through a dense crowd . suddenly he bump shoulder with the Stranger . more people pass . there be something very sinister about that man . Tommy turn to look again , eye widen in terror . tommy' p.o.v . - stranger' wrist brand with the mark of thorn ! tommy remove he gun . flow through the crowd like a vengeful wraith . people see the gun in he hand and back away . Tommy surge forward . the Stranger walk faster . gain ground . toward the Halloween tree . worker haul wheelbarrows load with jack - o' - lantern cross he path . Tommy stumble , pumpkin spilling out all around he . the Stranger be get away ! Tommy pick himself up , raise the gun and begin firing shot into the air . people scream , scatter like insect , ducking for cover . tommy stop that man ! stop he !!! Tommy race through the horrify crowd . the Stranger keep move , never once look back . suddenly siren . squad car converge . sheriff holdt and a slew of officer surround Tommy . weapon train . holdt throw down the gun ! now !!! Tommy drop the gun . put he arm up in surrender . the cop swarm in , take he . tommy stop that man ! he 's the one ! angle on ferris wheel Beth and Tim exit the ride and follow the crowd toward the flash light of the police cruiser . tim who 's gettin ' bust ? Beth be stunne to see Tommy be searched spread - eagle over the sheriff 's car . beth Jesus , that 's my neighbor . Tommy . tim be not he that psycho who 's be spying on my sister ? beth ( worried ) kara and Danny never show up tonight . we would better go home and check on they . there 's nothing else for we to do here . tim but they be gonna light the tree in a few minute -- beth ( suggestively ) we can light we own tree at home . she brushes against Tim 's crotch and saunter away . Tim glance back at Tommy , then follow she like a hungry puppy . CUT to : int . blankenship house - tommy' apartment - night kara rush Danny and the baby inside . the old spinster close at she heel . releasing she dark secret . mrs . blankenship I be baby -sitting for he that night . Little mikey myer from across the street . that 's when the voice tell he what to do . same as he great - grandfather . kara his what ?! mrs . blankenship eighteen-ninety -five . a hundred year ago to this night . all hallow eve. murdered he family in that very same house . then the townspeople burn he alive . we mother always tell we when we be child , ' do not go near the myer house . ' we never do . CUT to : ext . harvest fair - night ( same ) the Stranger glide unnotice among a large crowd gather for the lighting of the Halloween tree . people put up umbrella . a STORM fast approach . hundred of anxious kid stand beneath the oak tree with open bag and pillow case , wait for the candy to drop on they . stalking p.o.v moving behind the tree where a long-haire figure stand in the darkness . wait to make a presentation . harry turn , sense a presence . a knife shoot out of the darkness , jabbing he right between the leg . CUT to : tommy be shove into the back of the squad car . suddenly loomis appear . prevail upon the sheriff . loomis wait ! this boy be be place in my custody . Tommy look out , stunne . holdt what be you try to pull now , loomis ? loomis uncuff he ! this be a matter of life or death . SHOCK CUT to : harry the knife be lift straight up , split he torso in two , eye bugging with shock . he slump to the ground in a huge pool of blood . CUT back to : tommy and loomis the sheriff uncuff Tommy and shove he out of the car . holdt you would better as fuck have a explanation for this , Doctor . loomis begin to usher Tommy through the gape crowd . tommy Dr. loomis , there 's something you should know -- Tommy be prodd forward by loomis 's .357 . loomis I know enough already . just shut you mouth and take I to that baby . they move swiftly through the gape crowd . angle on tree a grow murmur of concern spread . " where 's Harry ? " the child be become impatient , and the impending STORM be not do much to calm anyone 's nerve . Harry 's people be at a loss to explain they star 's whereabouts . angle on loomis and tommy on the fringe of the crowd . walk away . " ooh " and " ahh " as the tree suddenly come to life with thousand of orange light . from the bough of the tree , rope be pull . bunt tear open , drop hail of candy on the shrieking kid . Tommy glance back . his eye draw to something . grotesque and misshapen . in the tree . tommy oh my God -- angle on tree kid of all age scurry around the stage , laugh and scream as a rainbow of candy rain down on they . dive for it . Fighting over it . scoop it up in big handfuls . angle on tommy and loomis Tommy instantly break away and tear back through the crowd . loomis Tommy ! loomis go for he . sheriff holdt see what be happen and fly toward they in pursuit . angle on tree a ballerina look down at she white pillow case in horrify astonishment . her hand paint red as she reach inside . all of she candy be cover with blood ! the other kid back away in revulsion -- the entire stage begin to drip with blood ! the adult do not seem to notice what be happen , more concerned with the sudden burst of pouring rain . Tommy push he way through the crowd , scream . tommy get they out of there ! get out !!! sheriff holdt try to intercept Tommy just as he leap up onto the stage , push kid out of the way . Parents ' face register shock when they see they child run toward they , scream hysterically , soak with blood . loomis see what Tommy see . word can not convey the horror in he eye . just then , a bolt of lightning ignites the tree . SPARKS flash . tiny pumpkin light explode in a startling chain reaction . Tommy help the last of the kid off the stage when something fall from the gnarled branch : a dangle , rotate , wrap - up thing . the mutilate remain of Harry simm ! horrify , Tommy dash headlong off the stage . run with loomis with the trample crowd . struck dumb with terror , holdt look out upon the mass destruction . the bloody corpse hang from the tree . people run , scream , carry they child toward the exit . ext . campus parking lot ( same ) bumper to bumper car . horn blaring . woman scream . Men shout . Children crying . pandemonium . loomis and Tommy appear out of this jumble of confusion . more people run along the sidewalk . tommy oh , God -- kara !!! a car screech to a halt as Tommy barrel across the street . loomis right behind he . running toward home . once again , terror reign in haddonfield , Illinois . CUT to : int . blankenship house - tommy' apartment - night kara shiver as she curl up beside Danny on the futon , hold the sleep baby close at she bosom . thunder rattles the old house . danny mommy , I be scared . kara there 's nothing to be scared of , baby . it 's just another storm . try to get some sleep . danny I can not . the voice man be come to get I . kara no one 's come to get you . not while I be around . danny promise ? kara ( kiss he ) I promise . kara stand up and go to the window , look out into the pour rain . kara' p.o.v . - the myer house Dark and forebode . lightning flash . Beth 's car park in front . angle on kara she stare at the car , puzzle . quickly she move away from the window , head out the door . hallway she knock loudly on the door across the hall . a sign that read : " Beth 's place . " kara Beth , be you in there ? she knock again . no response . another clap of thunder . kara shudder , quickly return to Tommy 's apartment and lock the door . int . myer house - foyer ( continuous ) sound of passion as we follow a trail of hastily - discard costume piece across the darken foyer . Tim and Beth be on the stair , half - naked , kissing fervently . beth ( come up for air ) guess they -- go to the fair after all . tim ( hot and heavy ) guess so ... Tim nuzzle he face in Beth 's chest . she 's feel apprehensive . beth what if you parent come home ? tim then they can watch . laugh , they hear up the stair , kissing , fondle each other . slowly we pull back into the foyer . thunder and lightning clash , revealing the shape , knife hold at ready . watch . int . tommy' apartment ( same ) she pick up the cordless phone , switch on and dial she home number . we hear the phone ringing on the other end . int . myer house - kara' bedroom - night Beth collapse with Tim onto kara 's bed . the phone ring . Tim ignore it , consume by passion . Beth sit up nervously . beth be not you gonna answer that ? tim answer what ? beth ( fend he off ) what if it 's kara ? frustrate , Tim jump off the bed and stomp into the bathroom , take a candle with he . tim Fine . you answer it . I will make friend with my soap on a rope . Tim slam the door . Beth deliberate she move , then go to pick up the phone . beth ( into phone ) hello ? int . tommy' apartment kara be frantic . look out the window at the myer house . kara ( into phone ) Mom -- who be this ? beth ( v.o. ) kara ? ... no , this be Beth . kara what be you do there ? where 's my mother ? int . myer house - kara' bedroom ( same ) beth we be worried about you guy so we leave early to see if you be -- kara ( v.o. ) be Tim there ? beth he 's in the bathroom . bathroom - shower ( continuous ) a light candle flicker . Tim wait for the run shower to warm up as he do a bare - ass jig over to the sink . rinsing off he tooth brush , he elbow out a circle of steam from the mirror . he gasp . the shape be stand right behind he ! before he can react , Tim 's head be yank backwards . the chill SNAP of he neck be punctuate by a crash of thunder . int . tommy' apartment kara can see Beth on the phone . sitting by the window . kara I be across the street . I can see you . Beth , I want you to listen to I . get Tim and get out of that house . right now . unnotice by kara , Danny rise and cross the room . drawn toward the door by the irascible voice . whispering voice ( v.o. ) come to I , Danny ... come to I . int . myer house - kara' bedroom Beth shift nervously , look out across the way at kara . thunder drown out the sound of the bathroom door creaking open . the shape advance . beth kara , what the hell be go on ? int . tommy' apartment kara 's mouth suddenly drop open . her mind snap into sensory overload . she can see the shape walk up behind Beth ! raising a gleam butcher knife ! kara Beth , look out ! there 's someone in the room ! he 's right behind you ! int . myer house - kara' bedroom Beth drop the phone , eye bulg as the shape plunge the knife into she back . she fall , crashing against the vanity . Beth scream unholy terror . but the shape be not through . int . tommy' apartment kara stand freeze in pure horror , hearing and see she friend 's vicious murder . her eye shoot down . a little blond -haire boy be walk steadily across the street toward the myer house . no , it can not be true . kara wheel around . Danny be go . int . myer house - kara' bedroom - angle through window Danny can be see below walk toward the house as Beth 's blood-gurgling scream fill the room . the knife repeatedly , mercilessly slashing down at she . ext . STREET / myer house - night kara bolt out of the blankenship house and race across the street , chase after Danny through rain and lightning . kara Danny , no !!! kara' p.o.v . - following danny he glide up the porch step and slip through the front door of the myer house . disappear inside . kara shoot across the lawn . up the porch step . right behind he . int . myer house - foyer kara dive through the front door . thunder shatter the house . everything be frighteningly dark . shockingly quiet . inch by inch , she make she way inside . eye wide . Savage . shake uncontrollably . a crashing SOUND behind she . she jump out of she skin . just the door slamming shut in the wind . kara ( the faintest whisper ) Danny ? she advance into the hall . Old floorboard creak beneath she foot . sound up ahead . footstep . kara look up . lightning flash . Danny be near the top of the stair ! instinct propel she up the stair after he . then suddenly she stop dead . reason take over . and she turn back . pick up a fireplace poker sit in the corner . then she head back up the stair . mind-blown with horror . upstair hallway kara reach the top of the staircase , look down the dark hallway . summon all of she courage , she move forward . suddenly Danny dart out from the adjacent hall and disappear inside he bedroom -- a fleeting , ghostly image . kara startles . follow he inside . danny's bedroom Danny stand in a corner . lightning illuminate he toy dinosaur . kara go to he , take he hand . he resist she . kara ( intense whisper ) come on ... Danny , please . she pick he up , carry he toward the door . lumbering footstep . kara stand paralyze in the doorway as the shape stalk down the hall . eye probing . walk right past they . danny's bedroom kara slip silently back into the room , carry Danny through the bathroom . adjoin on the opposite side into kara' room lightning crackle . the wall be cover with blood . kara stumble over something on the floor . crane she neck to look down . Beth 's bloody , mangle remain at she foot . shock wave send kara reeling backwards against the open bathroom door . hanging on a hook be Tim 's naked body , eye open , stare at she in a horrify rictus of death . kara scream . drop Danny . quickly cover she mouth . realizing that she 's give they away . suddenly the bedroom door tear open , buckle off its hinge . the shape bulldoze in , wield its huge butcher knife ! kara Danny , run !!! Danny duck into the hall , evade the shape 's lurching hand . danny careen down the stair . thunder rage . kara brandish the fireplace poker at the killer . the shape move in , back she through the bathroom ... into Danny 's room . suddenly she slam the door on the shape . kara tear off into the hallway . turn . wait for the shape to appear . it do not . kara vacillate down the hall . jumping at every sound . train she weapon at thing unseen . slamming door along the way , sealing off every passageway as she try to find she way through the impenetrable dark tunnel . suddenly something crash down from above . kara 's mother , strung up on a bloody sheet , dangle upside - down from the trap door in the ceiling ! the axe still protrude from she chest . another angle kara scream , shrink away from the gruesome sight , falter through the blacken doorway behind she . a unbearable moment of tension as we think the shape 's mask will be there . suddenly the shape shoot up directly in front of she ! tearing the dangle corpse from the sheet , dislodge the axe from debra 's chest with a repulsive squish . kara wheel toward the stair . the shape advance . swing the axe . miss she by inch . kara duck , lurch behind the shape . swing the fireplace poker with everything she 's get . cracking it full - force over the back of the shape 's head . the shape break through the banister and plunge off the landing , slamming hard onto the floor below . terrify , kara chance a look down . the shape do not move . ext . STREET / blankenship house - night ( same ) Tommy 's explorer skid to a stop outside the board house . loomis and Tommy fly up the front path . Tommy glance back at the blacken myer house for a moment , then follow loomis inside . int . myer house - downstair hallway ( same ) kara barrel off the stair . move cautiously past the shape . sprawle face - up in the middle of the hall . live room kara search for Danny , keep she eye train on the shape . the little boy appear in the doorway directly across the hall . the shape lie in between they . kara Danny , come to mommy . Danny shake he head . too frighten to move . hallway / foyer ever so slowly , kara move toward the threshold . hefting the fireplace poker , she step right over the shape . instantly she snatch Danny up in she arm . take one step forward when suddenly -- danny mommy !!! the shape spring up , twist kara 's ankle . she fall , splaying forward . the shape claw at she leg . kara fight back , kick herself free of the vice- like grip . scramble to she foot , kara rocket Danny through the foyer to the front door -- desperately try to escape from this real - life house of horror -- only to find that it be lock . the shape rise , gleam butcher knife in hand . kara twist the deadbolt , but someone 's secure the chain lock ! too late to remove it . the shape be right behind they . only one way to go . the cellar . kara shove Danny through . int . cellar ( continuous ) kara and Danny clatter down the rickety stair and splash across the flood basement floor . a soul-shudder pounding on the door above . kara usher Danny toward the elevate window . the cellar door explode , the shape 's hand break through , splintering the wood as if it be paper . kara hear the shape move rapidly down the stair . lift Danny up the wall toward the window . but it 's not a wall -- it 's John 's electrocute body , propped inside a storage cabinet ! Danny shriek , stare into John 's lifeless eye . kara push he up . Danny reach for the lock . just a inch away . kara can not lift he any higher . the shape be come ! Danny hoist himself up just enough to twist the lock . he push the window open and clamber outside . kara scramble up old pressboard shelf . they break under she weight ; she topple back to the floor . the shape wade toward she . reaching up for the window . ext . myer house - basement window Danny watch he mother struggle to climb out of the crypt . kara Danny , help I ! kara 's hand reach toward he . Danny make no movement . whispering voice ( v.o. ) come to I , Danny ... come to I . Danny obediently turn and start to walk away . kara Danny !!! int . myer house - cellar kara 's foot fall on the handle of the knife jutting from she father 's chest . use it to springboard herself half - way through the window . claw at wet grass . the shape 's hand shoot out of the darkness below , grab at she leg . kara writhes , kick and scream . ext . myer house - cellar window kara grab chunks of mud as she be pull back through the window . the shape yank hard . kara catch herself on the window frame . quickly lose she grip . int . myer house - cellar the knife swipe downward , swiping she ankle . ext . myer house - cellar window kara react to the searing pain , release she grip on the window frame . suddenly Danny appear , lock onto she collar , pull she clear in one massive heave . kara shuffles across the ground and pick herself up . grab Danny 's hand and run full - tilt around the side of the house . ext . STREET / blankenship house camera follows they frenzied flight across the street . past Tommy 's explorer . kara limping . Danny surging toward the blankenship house . kara scream , pound frantically on the door . kara please ! open the door ! int . blankenship house - tommy' apartment Tommy and loomis have turn the apartment upside- down . tommy the baby -- where 's the baby ?! suddenly they hear kara 's frantic plea outside . Tommy bolt out the door . loomis right behind he . ext . blankenship house ( continuous ) kara pound furiously . kara please ! somebody help we ! Danny huddle beside she , peer out across the street . danny's p.o.v . - myer house the shape trudge boldly down the porch step -- knife in hand ! back to scene kara see the shape -- walk slowly and deliberately toward they . her scream become even more intense . kara help we please !!! the shape close in . at the last second , Tommy throw open the door . kara and Danny tumble inside . into he arm . int . blankenship house - lobby / parlor ( continuous ) loomis slam and deadbolt the door . loomis get they upstairs . now ! kara pound against Tommy 's chest . hysterical . kara where 's the baby ?! tommy he 's go . kara hold Danny close to she side , back away in horror as Tommy and loomis go around the parlor , secure the door and window . thunder rip through the darken room . tommy ( continue ) who else know I have the baby ?! loomis no one . tommy no -- there have to be someone else . who know ?! loomis only I -- ( dark realization ) -- and Dr. wynn . suddenly the window behind kara explode . she scream , recoil . then the window in front of she . hand reach through . Tommy shove she out of the way . another hand shoot through the stain glass window in the front door , twist open the lock . Danny race across the lobby and up the stair . robe figure fill the doorway . climb through window . move inside the house . surround loomis . loomis ( continue ) wynn !!! the robe figure descend on loomis . drop he .357 . Tommy lurch for it , to no avail . loomis 's scream fill the darkness like a fever dream . loomis ( continue ) run , Tommy !!! run !!! tommy no !!! Tommy backpedal up the stair . kara pull he along as the cloak figure glow toward they . dagger raise . upstair hallway kara react to the SOUND of Danny 's voice . danny mommy ! please help I ! kara rush through darkness to find he . kara Danny ! Danny , where be you ?! tommy kara , no ! kara trip and fall . a pair of silver - tip black boot plant in bold stance . slowly she look up the long duster , the cigarette in the glove hand of the nefarious Stranger -- Dr. wynn ! Danny stand by he side , stare dispassionately . kara Danny , no ... please ... kara pick herself up , shaking she head in unmitigate fear , staggering back down the hallway . she turn to see the black figure overtake Tommy . his scream swallow by hollow darkness . alone , kara careen through another doorway into tommy' apartment kara slam the door , turn in desperate circle . stepping out from behind the door be Mrs. blankenship -- the baby bundle in she arm ! kara Mrs. blankenship -- oh , God -- hurry . we have to -- as kara reach for the baby , the old woman raise a dagger . her eye burn . her wrist brand with the mark of thorn ! kara scream . the old woman open the door , allow the figure to enter the room . dagger draw . chanting a dark invocation . the coven force kara backwards . nowhere to run . nowhere to hide . suddenly kara make a decision -- and take a run leap toward the window ! ext . blankenship house ( continuous ) defenestrate herself , kara scream , tumble through the air , bounce off the porch overhang before plunging to the front lawn below . a thousand grass fragment raining down on she . kara lie on she back , eye close , hand fold over she chest in silent repose . she do not move . the house be still . unearthly silence fill the cold October night . slow dissolve to : kara' p.o.v . - distorted - int . tunnel a ring of faceless figure move in , completely surround she . suddenly the feel of rapid movement . glow torchlight flicker across dank wall . kara be be push forward on a gurney . strapped down . scream for God 's mercy . tommy be wheeled through another tunnel . his face a mass of bloody cut and bruise . his eye glaze over , try to find focus . slamming into darkness . ext . sanitarium - night lightning illuminate the cold , forbid asylum . the white van pull up to the security gate . headlights illuminate the sign : " smith's grove - warren county sanitarium . " the main gate crank open . the van pull through . the van pull to a stop near the main building . the door slide open and Danny step out , surround by Smith 's Grove staff wear white jacket . lead he toward the entrance . landing field the helicopter touch down . wynn duck out , move in long , even stride toward the building . int . sanitarium corridor - night follow wynn through the series of security cage , use he key card to buzz through . White coat bring up the rear . through tall mahogany door , they cross purposefully into the adjacent wing . executive reception area Dawn , wynn 's efficient secretary , rise with a congenial smile . dawn good evening , Dr. wynn . you -- appointment be wait inside . wynn pick up he message , then head straight into the office . Dawn resume she type . something eerie in she grin . int . wynn' office - night ( continuous ) wynn and he staff file inside . removing he hat and duster , he walk over to where loomis be seat -- shackle to a chair , a bloody slash across he forehead . see this , wynn snap angrily at two burly guard . wynn what be this all about ? remove that ! the guard comply . loomis rub he aching wrist , glower . loomis where 's the child ? wynn Sam , you know you never fail to amaze I . yesterday happily retire , today right back in the thick of thing . somehow I know you still have it in you . loomis see he .357 rest atop wynn 's desk -- only inch away . wynn 's hand cover it , slip it inside the top drawer . wynn ( continue ) come now , Sam . this be a gather of old friend . I know how difficult this must be for you -- a man of you upbringing and integrity -- but now that I be in charge I feel it be only fair that you finally know the truth . ( gesture to he staff ) after all , you be the only one around here who 's still in the dark , as it be . this be not the way I want to tell you , but you have really give I no other choice . loomis this be madness , wynn . wynn you madness be another man 's greatness . this be the way thing have always be . you have just be too blind by you own reality to see . ( beat ) but have you on the outside have be convenient for we in many way . ( smile ) you always do come through -- we loyal watch dog . find he . bring he back to we once he would finish he work . although after you have that nasty stroke the last time , I have to go after he myself . and what a terrible time we have get he out of that jail cell . loomis it be you . wynn ( light a cigarette ) sometimes a cigar be just a cigar . loomis why do you take Jamie ? wynn she have the gift -- the blood of thorn run through she vein . Michael 's mother have it , too . so for six year I incubate she , prepare she for this night . Michael have serve he purpose . and soon we will have a new progeny . loomis Jamie 's baby ... wynn there you go try to make sense again . ( grimly entrance ) it 's a curse . handed down through countless generation . as ageless as this celebration which you call Halloween . loomis samhain . wynn and I be its deliverer . ( slam he key card on the desk ) its call card , if you will . I follow it . protect it . Act as its guardian . in a sense , Sam , so do you . loomis shudder , rock by this revelation . wynn ( continue ) I know you have more question , my friend , and there 's so much more for you to try to make sense of . loomis be hoist out of he chair and lead out of the office . wynn and he white coat flow out behind he . int . cell - night a tight , damp , claustrophobic space . Tommy be strapped upright to a crude metal rack , not unlike the one Jamie be bound to the night before . feverishly he rub he wrist against a jag metal edge , cut through skin , wear away he bond . break through . int . tunnel - night ( continuous ) a group of white coat , lead by wynn , usher loomis off a old service elevator , lead he through the dark passageway . wynn turn around , surveying the tunnel . as he walk on , we see something fall from he back pocket . as they disappear down another tunnel , a wooden door slowly creak open . Tommy appear , cautiously step out into the catacomb . edging along the dank , torch - light wall . wind moan . rat scamper past he foot . wynn have drop he security key card . Tommy swipe it . int . catwalk ( same ) loomis be lead across a narrow precipice overlook a filthy prison cell . the shape lie inside . dormant . wynn stare down hypnotically at he most prize possession . Michael myer . wynn look at he . so silent , yet so deadly . he move when I tell he to . Act on my impulse . feel what I feel . wynn demonstrate . loomis look on , spellbound . wynn ( continue ) Michael -- rise . below , the shape slowly rise . wynn take out he trust switchblade . wynn ( continue ) Michael -- pain . wynn cut he hand . the shape grab he own hand in agony . wynn smile , suck the bleed gash . wynn ( continue ) Michael -- kill . suddenly wynn whirl around , throw Dawn -- he faithful secretary -- inside the shape 's pit . wynn watch with hideous delight as she horrify scream trail away into blood - gurgle silence . loomis close he eye in anguish . loomis you have create a monster . wynn amazing , be not it ? I even teach he to drive . wynn carry on without remorse . loomis be brutally shove forward . wynn ( continue ) we be not the only one , you know . there be many believer -- generous contributor to we church . you would be amaze to know how far it reach . int . catacomb - storage bunker a metal door buzy open . Tommy make he way furtively inside , pockete the key card . a storage room fill with sawdust and wooden crate . Tommy pries one of they open . eye widen in startle disbelief . a small arsenal of automatic rifle and ammunition inside . tommy Holy shit ... Tommy lift a rifle , awed by its devastating line , then slam in a cartridge and bolt out the door . back into the tunnel . int . ceremonial room - night a large , amber-hue chamber . the chanting coven form a circle around a primitive stone altar where kara be tie down , wear a white gown , she head adorn with a wreath of mistletoe . a wooden symbol of thorn , like a invert crucifix , hang in a place of reverence . behind the altar , the shape stand in its cell . wait . loomis be lead inside . wynn glide through this macabre gather , up to the altar . loom over the terrify kara . the chanting continue as wynn don a magnificent ceremonial robe . at wynn 's gesture , there be silence . the worshipper offer a obedient response , remove they hood , bare the mark of thorn on they wrist . we recognize many of the face in the congregation . wynn 's staff . Dr. bonham . Mrs. blankenship . the cross-ey attendant from the bus depot . people from all walk of life . face glaze with sadistic rapture . wynn ( prophetically ) behind , disciple of thorn ! the final sign ! the birth of the heretic child , deliver unto we on the eve of we great feast of the Sun ... as I have foreseen it . Jamie 's baby be carry forth , crying as it be lain inside a baptismal urn beside kara . ringed by candle and a circle of stone -- eleven in all -- etched with symbolic rune . int . tunnel letting the rifle guide he , Tommy make he way through the tunnel . toward the sound of muffled chanting up ahead . ceremonial room the coven chant its invocation . wynn draw a magic circle around the infant with blood from a silver chalice . then he inscribe a pentagram in the air with a ornate dagger . wynn spirit and power of the flame , attend and witness this ritual . bear we gift to thorn . open we to the path of darkness . by this rune transform we . open we eye and show we the chosen one to whom we offer this sacrifice of innocent blood . suddenly Danny be issue forth up to the altar . his eye dark , lifeless pool . kara struggle against she bond . kara Danny !!! loomis lurch forward . halted by massive , restrain hand . catwalk Tommy move cautiously along the narrow wooden lip , look down upon the evil ritual . startle by the SOUND of rusted chain . pulley cranking . the shape 's cell be open . ceremonial room the shape emerge from its cell and slowly walk forward . strangely calm . hypnotize . loom above kara . she let out a scream of unbridle terror as he raise a gleam dagger . wynn stand behind Danny . place the dagger in he hand and hold it aloft . above the baby . wynn strong and fierce thorn , thunder , by thy hammer we summon thee and offer this sacrifice of innocent blood . let thy darkness descend on you son . Danny . Lord of the Dead . Danny drift into the dark spell , hold the dagger above the scream infant . wynn speak in the ominous whispering voice : wynn ( continue ) kill for he , Danny ... kill for he . kara cry , appeal to the boy inside of Michael . kara Michael , please . you can make he stop . you remember , do not you ? the shape stare hard at she through the socket of its mask . listen . remind of he mother . kara ( continue ) remember what he do to you that night . what he voice tell you to do . you can stop it , Michael . stop the voice forever . Danny 's eye flash like fire . the chanting be insidious . wynn kill he , Danny . kill he ! kara Danny , do not listen ! the voice be not real ! Danny turn sharply , see he mother . suddenly terrify . wynn kill he , Danny ! you feel the rage inside ! you be thorn ! suddenly Danny drop the dagger . wynn fly at he , scream like a enraged beast . the shape raise its dagger and plunge it -- into wynn ! wynn 's eye go wide with shock . the shape lurch empathetically . wynn stagger , yank the blade from he stomach . rapid -fire gunshot rip through the chamber as Tommy let loose a barrage of bullet from above . take out several coven member , the rest scatter , retreate into the tunnel . loomis dive Danny a split second before he through kara 's bond with the dagger . kara spring toward the baby as the room be rip apart by gunfire . the altar decimate . candle fall . setting the room ablaze . wynn release the support which suspend the catwalk . wooden girder crash down from the ceiling . Tommy pitch to the floor , drop the rifle . the shape stagger , try to get to its foot . slowly . painfully . flame lap at its back . loomis crawl toward the rifle . grab it . rise just as wynn seize Danny , a dagger at he throat . pull he away . loomis no !!! wynn stay away , Sam . loomis leave the boy . take I . loomis slowly place the rifle down in front of wynn . surrender himself . Tommy drag himself toward kara and the baby . paralyze with horror as they try to anticipate wynn 's move . wynn ( smile trenchantly ) good-bye , Dr. loomis . loomis turn . gasp in startle reflex . the shape rise up behind he , swiping the dagger across he chest ! wynn retreat and fly through a doorway with Danny . danny mommy !!! kara Danny !!! Tommy and kara race across the flame - engulf room , reach the door just as it slam shut . cut they off . the shape , the trail of flame grow on its back , hurl loomis over the crush altar . Tommy see loomis writhe on the floor , about to go for he when -- the shape turn on they ! Tommy stand in front of kara and the baby , back away , propelling they out into the tunnel . the shape walk forward in fevere pursuit , all but consume by fire . tunnel Tommy , kara and Danny race deep into the heart of the tunnel maze . loomis painfully crawl away . loomis die , Michael . in the name of God , die ! end of tunnel Tommy , kara and Danny reach the tunnel end . kara pound frantically on the elevator panel . a deafening roar -- the SOUND of fire as the shape sweep toward they . the shape glide steadily through the tunnel . a walk pillar of flame . undaunted . unstoppable . Hell -spawn . end of tunnel finally the door open . kara and Tommy barrel inside . mash button until the door close -- a millisecond before the shape reach they . int . elevator kara cradle the baby . Tommy wait anxiously as the old elevator moan and grind toward ground level . the door open . int . sanitarium corridor they barrel off the elevator and race down a long corridor . tommy this way ! Tommy lead she toward a exit sign . behind they , the elevator door close . the indicator light show it move down . they reach a dead end . the row of code security cage . kara what now ?! tommy ( realization ) wait a minute ... he reach into he pocket -- withdraw wynn 's key card ! suddenly the elevator door open . FIRE gust . the shape emerge , totally engulf in flame . the emergency sprinkler be activate . douse the flame as it walk after they . Tommy panic , run the key card . the gate buzy open . they run through . the shape 's hand lurch through the bar , miss kara by inch . they race toward the next gate . the gate behind they open , and the shape walk through ! Tommy run the card again . the gate buzy . they slam it -- one step ahead of the shape . the third and final gate . Tommy try the card . nothing ! kara come on ! tommy ( try it again ) it 's not work ! the shape move through the last gate . Inside the cage with they ! tommy ( continue ) someone 's control it ! int . wynn' office ( same ) stand behind he computer , observe they on the security monitor , Dr. wynn jam the card 's access code . then he grab he satchel and stride quickly out of the office . pull Danny with he . on the screen , we can see the shape approach . kara 's scream can almost be hear on the silent monitor . int . security cage ( same ) kara scream as the shape rake Tommy against the cage . kara cower in the corner , protect the baby . ext . sanitarium - field - night ( same ) wynn race with Danny across the field toward the wait helicopter . get ready for take - off as they duck inside . int . security cage the shape slam Tommy 's head against the bar ; he slump to the floor . then turn its murderous attention on kara and the baby . int . wynn' office a hand reach into the top desk drawer , remove the .357 and fire a entire round into the security console . destroy it . the man hold the gun be loomis . int . security cage the door buzy open . kara drag Tommy and the baby out . slam the door shut on the shape . trapping it inside . the shape lurch against the bar in wild paroxysm . ext . sanitarium - landing field Tommy come to as he race with kara and the baby across the windswept field . suddenly they stop dead , watch in horror as the helicopter lift off . kara stand paralyze with shock , look skyward . the helicopter disappear into the gloom - fill night . Tommy drag kara in another direction . a vehicle park nearby . the white van . int . van ( same ) kara lift the baby inside . Tommy flop down in the driver 's seat . face bruise and bloody . a key in the ignition . kara hold Jamie 's baby . tear fall . kara how will we ever find he ? Tommy 's gaze terrify she . he start the engine and tear off toward the sanitarium gate . kara look down at the baby , then stare numbly forward . in the back of the van , we can see the the shape 's white mask . glow in the darkness . emerging . kara and Tommy drive on , unaware . and that , for now , be how we leave they . fade out . roll final credit