hall8ween screen be black over which we hear a slow , rhythmic clack -clack -clack , hard and insistent as the beat of a petrified heart . and suddenly fluorescent light invade our space , harsh and ugly , and we find ourselves in a featureless white corridor that seem to stretch to infinity . soft and muffled , as if coming from some hidden dimension , we hear craze laughter , pathetic whimpering , wild canine yelping : the sound of madness emanating from the wall ... then footstep . female voice ( over ) sometimes , when I be up here late at night , I think of the tunnel , you know , the one you be suppose to see when you die ? only there 's a door at the far end , and on the other side be either heaven or hell . ( a beat ) in my mind ... it 's this door . angle on a door at the far end of the corridor . there's a window in it . female voice # 2 ( over ) um. Dr. Howard say five milligram Zyprexa twice a day . or be that Dr. fein ? female voice # 1 ( over ) Howard . fein 's the one with the curly hair . female voice # 2 ( over ) right . why 's she here ? int . sanitarium - night two nurse walk down the hall , push a medicine cart , they uniform as hard white as the fluorescence . the first voice belong to head nurse welle , the other to nurse phillip , a young newcomer to the facility . the clacking sound , everpresent , grow louder . nurse welle extreme dissociative disorder . have not say a word in two year . at least to anyone you or I can see . nurse phillip why 's she in lockdown ? the older woman look at the young one . nurse welle you have never hear of Laurie strode ? the novice shake she head . nurse welle the Halloween murder ? Michael myer ? nurse phillip I ... just move here from Wisconsin . nurse welle she decapitate a man . flash to : laurie strode swinging a fire ax in one terrible vicious arc -- behead the man trap between the tree and the ems van -- back to : int . sanitarium - night as the two nurse continue down the corridor . nurse phillip my god. decapitate ? flash to : the countryside as police cover the area for evidence while in the background we see the headless body be remove . suddenly we hear : voice ( o.s. ) over here ! angle on two cop stand over the severe head , which still wear the white mask . one of they reach down and pull the mask off . cop ( gag ) oh , no . oh , God .... nurse phillip ( v.o. ) why would she do it ? back to : int . sanitarium - night as the two nurse approach the door at the end of the hall . nurse welle I do not know , do insanity run in family ? be people bear evil or can they be make that way ? nurse phillip um , we do not really study that in -- nurse welle I guess that be philosophical question , not psychiatric one , right ? they stop at the door . a small square of reinforce glass look into the room . Pov inside room where we see the perfectly -arranged item , as if some attempt have be made to find order in a random universe . it resembles a teenage girl room , circa late seventie , a haven for someone surrounding herself with the artifact of a gentler past . we hear the clack-clack-clack ... and move slowly to find laurie strode sitting in a straight - backed chair , tilting it back and forth as if it be a rocking chair . it rise up , then clack back to the tile floor , a metronome counting down the end of time . flash to : int . the hillcrest academy - night Michael myer be lie on the floor . we hear siren in the distance ... the sound of the door open ... footstep . two police officer be the first on the scene . they enter cautiously , moving slowly with gun drawn . they notice the body lying nearby . officer see if he 's still breathe . I will secure the floor . the other cop step over , look at the body , the blood . officer # 2 no way , man . this guy be chum . he turn back to he partner , who 's disappear further inside . and michael myer rise to a sit behind he .... back to : laurie sitting in she chair , rock gently . eye open but unsee . flash to : int . the hillcrest academy - night as Michael grab the cop from behind , bring he down quickly , wrapping one big hand around the man 's throat and crushing he windpipe -- then smashing he head into the floor , knock he senseless . he quickly start remove the unconscious man 's police uniform . back to : int . the sanitarium room - night where we be moving slowly into Laurie 's eye .... flash to : int . the hillcrest academy - night the first cop return to the room just in time to see a shape slip out through a side door . it be wear a police uniform . it move out into the night and be go . officer # 1 ( call out ) ron ? where the hell you go ? then he look back down at the body on the floor , wear the bloody jumpsuit , the white mask . back to : laurie' eye as they become giant mirror of a haunt soul . flash to : int . ems truck - night as Laurie drive the commandeer vehicle as the man in the white mask fight he way out of the body bag behind she -- flash to : laurie slamming the brake as the body be propelled through the windshield -- flash to : the ems van crashing down the hill and pinning the man against the tree -- flash to : the FIRE ax in Laurie 's hand swinging in one unmerciful arc -- flash to : the severe head lie on the ground , as a hand reach to pull off the white mask ... and we see the face of the police officer reveal . back to : laurie' eye as we be suck into the enormous black pupil until we suddenly reverse ourselves and be looking through laurie' eye and out the window of the sanitarium and into the wood surrounding the facility -- where we get just the faintest glimpse of a dark shape , white face , moving , moving -- then we hear the door open and the two nurse entering . they move around in front of US , wheeling the medicine cart alongside the chair . we notice the different bottle of medicine , several hypodermic syringe . nurse phillip do anyone come by to visit she ? nurse welle her son use to , but then he just stop . wider angle as nurse welle gently place a pill on laurie' tongue , then washes it down with a paper cup of water . she straighten . but suddenly laurie' body start to convulse violently , knocking over the medicine tray . her chair topples to the floor beside the spill medicine bottle and syringe . the two nurse struggle to get her calm again , finally righting the chair . laurie seem over it . nurse phillip bend to gather up the medication . nurse phillip Jesus . have she ever do that before ? nurse well not on my watch . I will talk to Dr. Howard in the morning about upping she med . and Laurie watch through she vacant eye as the two nurse leave the room , lock the door behind they . but she be concealing something in her hand .... CUT to : int . sanitarium - night the MAIN floor , where a bored night - duty staffer , franklin munroe , be sit at the security desk by a bank of monitor when he hear footstep . he get up , move to the hallway . follow franklin around a corner . he stop . Pov down the hall he sees nothing . it's silent again . angle on franklin as he start to turn back -- when suddenly a shape come out of the darkness of a doorway . franklin jump back , almost slamming into a wall , catch he breath . franklin Jesus Christ , harold ! you try to give I a heart attack ? the figure move into the half - light and we see it 's one of the patient , walk with the stiff movement of neurological disorder . he 's wear a bright red- and - white clown mask . franklin how the hell you get out this time ? Franklin take the man 's arm and walk he down the hall . franklin who you suppose to be today ? ( nodd at the mask ) oh , yeah , I get it . gacy , right ? harold ( savant monotone ) John Wayne gacy . bear in Chicago , Illinois on March 17 , 1942 . kill thirty - three people and bury they under he house . executed on May 14 , 1994 . his voice trail off as they disappear down the hall . CUT to : ext . sanitarium - night we find another staffer , willie haine , sneaking a smoke just inside the facility 's gate . he watch the smoke curl lazily in the night air . then something crunch in the bush just beyond the steel fence . Willie turn and look . Pov into wood border the well -tended ground . it's dark and quiet . angle on willie as he turn away and take a deep drag of he cigarette . then we hear the crack of a branch . willie snuff out he cigarette and goe over to the gate and open it . he step outside the sanitarium ground . he pull he flashlight from he belt and survey the near wood . suddenly there's a SOUND , and he flashlight beam swing up to angle on figure stand there in the dark , just in front of the tree . the flashlight beam move up the figure ... to the dark jumpsuit ... the white mask . angle on willie looking at the figure stand there . he shake he head . willie damn , harold , you like to scare the shit out of I . how many time I tell you I be the one get step on every time you get out ? he turn toward the gate , then back to the figure in the mask . willie well ? come on . and the figure follow he onto the sanitarium grounds . willie ( look at the mask ) who you suppose to be today ? hmm . White mask , white mask .... do not think I know that one . CUT to : int . sanitarium - night Franklin munroe look up as Willie enter with the other man . franklin God damn . he get out again ? willie do not know how he do that shit . ( to figure ) you stay right the fuck there . Willie sidle over to the security desk , look at Franklin . willie we really get to write this up ? franklin you like you job ? but Willie be not pay attention . he be look at the security monitor which show the different floors of the facility . and on one of they we see harold wandering around in he clown mask .... angle on franklin looking at the monitor , then back at willie , then over at the hall where the figure be stand -- but he's no longer there . franklin shit ! and both man be up and move . franklin check outside , I have get the floor . CUT to : int . hallway - night the top floor . a dark shape , in silhouette , move down the white corridor as if follow some sense only he possess . Pov down hall where we see the single door ... and we begin to hear the steady rhythmic clack -clack -clack from just beyond it . CUT to : int . another floor - night we find Franklin run down the hallway till reach one of the door and quickly open it -- and inside we find harold , now in a Ted Bundy mask , sit in bed with a detective magazine . the wall be cover with novelty mask of infamous serial killer . he look at Franklin and blink . harold Ted Bundy , bear November 24 , 19 -- but Franklin be already out the door and move down the hall . CUT to : int . top floor - night as Michael approach the door at the end of the hall with utter unstoppable determination . the clacking get louder . Pov through the window looking into laurie' room . laurie be sitting in her chair , rocking back and forth . suddenly we move through the glass to see what be on the other side of the window as michael be face stare back at US from just outside the door . angle on brother and sister staring at each other for one interminable instant -- then michael thrust he body into the door . CUT to : int . stairwell - night Franklin reach floor after floor , poke he head into the hall , see nothing , then duck back in , continue the search . CUT to : int . top floor - night Michael pound at Laurie 's door with desperate animal ferocity , until one of the hinge burst free of its housing . he be about to hit the door again when he notice something : he Pov through the little window -- and the room appear empty . angle on michael as he give one last mighty thrust of he shoulder and the door burst OPEN -- int . laurie' room - continuous Michael charge blindly inside -- as laurie lunge at he from the side , a hypodermic syringe raised high in her hand -- and she plunge it into michael be neck and squeezy the AIR inside he . he drop to he knee as the embolism hit he . she stare into he eye as he body convulse . laurie do you really think I would not be wait for you ? he reach out to grab she but she run through the door . int . hallway - continuous Laurie run down the hall as Michael stagger to he foot , start come after she in he methodical gait . int stairwell - following Laurie duck inside , barrel up the flight of the stair and through the door to the roof , set off the alarm . ext . roof - continuous Laurie run across the roof , turn to look back at the door -- as michael come out after her . he's in no hurry : there's nowhere for her to go . angle on laurie as she turn to face he , unafraid . laurie just you and I , right ? be not that the way it need to be ? she take a step backward . then another . he move forward slowly , then hesitate . laurie ( continue ) what 's the matter , just hate to see it end ? they look at each other across the roof . laurie ( continue ) you try to turn I into you , but you fail . and you will never find my son . never . he just stare at she through empty eye . laurie ( continue ) you can kill I , but you can not take my soul -- it 's not mine to give . she take another step backward . angle to see she be stand almost at the very edge of the roof . angle on michael as he hesitation leave he . he stride purposefully forward until they be stand only a few feet apart . he have a knife in he hand . she look at it , at he . laurie ( barely a whisper ) I be not afraid to die ... he look into she eye with a weird curiosity . laurie ( continue ) ... and I be not afraid of you . and he thrust the knife up into she stomach -- but she clasp both hand around he wrist in a iron grip -- laurie come with I , Michael .... and she step backward and over the edge of the roof , pulling Michael , who 's still grip the knife , over with she .... angle on they as michael catch the edge of the roof with one hand , he other still gripping the knife imbedded in her belly as she hold onto he wrist , try to pull he down with her . closer on they as once again , and for the last time , there eye meet , this time only inches separate they -- he lets go of the knife -- and laurie fall , free of he forever -- through michael' eye we see her body hit the dark rocky hillside far below . angle on michael as he slowly pull himself back up onto the roof . he stare down into the unfathomable depth and suddenly he image seem to shimmer ... then pixilate into a video image of michael myer on a tv monitor -- a graphic of a web page . voice ( over ) my guest tonight be Internet entrepreneur freddie Harris , whose latest venture seem to have capture the imagination of Net surfer everywhere . int . newsroom studio - night where a interview be on the AIR . host barry fisher sit across a desk from tonight 's guest , freddie harris . freddie well , Barry , to succeed you have to keep you finger on the pulse of America . the Net be real , it 's immediate . anything can happen -- and we hope it do . barry to that viewer who may not know , tomorrow night , Halloween , live on the Internet , five college student be go to enter the childhood home of infamous mass murder Michael myer . freddie Barry , we be go to explore the heart of darkness , the enigma inside the conundrum in the center of the riddle : the childhood home of the most brutal mass murderer in history . Barry well , I do not know if it 's really -- freddie this be the house where Michael myer be bear , where he spend he formative year . if there be any secret to be learn about why he do what he do -- they be in that house . and tomorrow night we will uncover they . Barry I have read where you have promise the five student free college tuition through graduation . freddie all they have to do be spend the night in the house and discover the truth behind the killer . barry this be be the first Internet production of its kind , be not that true ? freddie ( sell it ) this be where it 's all head , Barry . put down the remote and pick up you mouse -- this be not tv , it 's real life . the Net as a source of entertainment be a unstoppable force . or , as I call it ... netertainment ! barry well , that 's quite the sale pitch , freddie . but do you have any concern for the safety of the six student ? I mean , the house have not be enter in how many year ? freddie we be not look to get anyone hurt , Barry , just uncover the truth behind a legend . barry what do you think it say about a society that so many of we be willing to sit back and watch other people do thing , on tv , and , now , on the Net ? freddie see , Barry , I believe reality be he biggest illusion of all . do you know I be a practice Buddhist ? who 's to say that virtual reality be any less real that real reality ? barry well , I be not really sure I -- freddie besides , do not everyone have just a little of the voyeur in they ? barry well , I will let that be a rhetorical question . how be the student pick ? freddie they be choose from among the student body of braddock University just outside haddonfield . they represent a cross - section of America . we have get Jim Douglas .... CUT to : int . dorm room - day the room be in a astonish state of disarray , book and half - write term papers co-mingle with beer can and bong . jim douglas be talk to a unseen interviewer . the sequence be shot in streaming video . interviewer ( o.s. ) what about the publicity ? the loss of privacy ? jim privacy ? that 's a joke , man . who 's ever private anymore ? anywhere you go -- the bank , 7 - eleven -- there 's a camera . you can not even screw you girlfriend in a elevator anymore without wind up on " America 's most outrageous copulation . " privacy be a antiquated notion , man . freddie ( v.o. ) donna chang .... CUT to : int . another dorm room - day this one could not be more different from Jim 's . it 's neat and order ; the wall be cover with poster of gloria steinen and Eleanor smeal . donna chang , bright , intense , be be interview in streaming video . donna I do not know why I send my name in . in many way it 's against everything I believe in . I mean , the sensationalism and everything . but I be fascinate by the narrative that inform we culture . this be just one of that narrative . freddie ( v.o. ) Jenna cartman .... CUT to : int . university cafeteria - day where we find jenna cartman , pretty and pouty in jeans and sweatshirt , work a waitress shift . jenna well , we be all , like , different people . donna be real , you know , political . she 's all like , you should not buy into this whole madison Avenue paternal media whatever . like I give a shit that some fat chick burn she bra fifty year ago . freddie ( v.o. ) rudy Johnson .... CUT to : int . kitchen - day at the university 's Home economics program , where we watch rudy johnson in streaming video as he prepare a soufflé . rudy a group of people be like the ingredient in a recipe . you have to nurse they along , be attentive , and everything will blend just perfectly . if you do not -- disaster . he flash a smile as he slip the soufflé in the oven . freddie ( v.o. ) Bill woodhouse .... CUT to : ext . athletic field - day we follow student bill woodhouse , in streaming video , as he take a lap around the track . bill yeah , rudy 's get this whole peace - out thing go , like we be this little microcosm of America , we own little melting pot . but it 's a fantasy . nothing ever really melt , it just burn . freddie ( v.o. ) and Sara mercer . CUT to : int . university library - day where we find SARA mercer , attractive in a unassume way , intelligent eye look earnestly at we in streaming video . SARA actually , I would never even hear of Michael myer before the draw . interviewer ( o.s. ) really ? SARA it 's just , my scholarship run out this year and , well , I could really use free college tuition and housing till graduation . interviewer ( o.s. ) no interest in uncover the mystery of the Halloween murder ? SARA ( smile ) well . everyone like a good mystery . her image transform ... from streaming video into reality as we go to int . sara' dorm room - night Sara be toss some book in she backpack when we hear the familiar " you have get mail , " and she go to she desk . angle on computer where we see new e-mail from someone call " deckard799 . " angle on SARA smiling as she read the message . she type her response . SARA ( as she type ) this be not fair . you know everything about I and I do not know anything about you . she be about to post , then add : SARA I do not even know if " deckard " be you real name . she click on " send . " female voice ( o.s. ) Chat room romance ? angle to find sara' roommate , jane , in the OPEN doorway . SARA turn . SARA yes , that 's so like I . just meet some stud online and bingo . Jane nod to Sara 's backpack brim with book . jane you be not even go to be go a day . Sara you know , for the ride over . jane a two hour car ride without a book -- wow , that would be torture . male voice ( o.s. ) do not do it . angle to find aron , a geeky guy in a Michael myer t-shirt , stand in the doorway . aron ( continue ) some thing you just do not fuck with . Michael myer be one of that thing . jane do not you have a letter to write to Charlie Manson or something ? SARA it 's just a house , aron . aron it 's the house where it all start . he come further into the room . aron ( continue ) he walk its hallway , play in its room , dream in bed at night . he keep he mother company in the kitchen , watch tv in the live room with the family .... his eye be light with the intensity of a zealot . aron ( continue ) then one day he pick up a knife . jane aron , that 's enough . aron ( ignore she ) and he never put it down again . and Jane shove aron out the door and close it . jane that guy be fuck weird . SARA ( a beat ) it 's not as if I have not think about it , you know , all that people kill and here we be , capitalize on it . jane yeah , I guess that 's never be do before . on she look at Sara we CUT to : int . cafeteria - night where we be following rudy Johnson while he talk on he cell phone . rudy sherilyn , baby , of course I want to spend Halloween with you , but this change thing a little right now . wider angle as he move over to a long table decked out for a " go away " meal . the other student be taking there seat . rudy ( continue ) yeah , baby , I remember last Christmas . but you know I gotta go down and sign the papers every time lester die . jim ( look up ) every time ? rudy take he seat at the table , nod to the other . rudy ( on phone ) I will call you , baby .... yeah . soon 's I get back .... right . bye . he click off the phone , look around at the other . rudy my kinda girlfriend . bill we kinda figure . jim ( to rudy ) what do you mean " every time " lester die ? donna Turkey look good . SARA I think it 's a goose . jenna be not goose the one with the long neck ? donna they be call geese . and swan be the one with the long neck . but Jim slap he hand down on the table . jim ( to rudy ) no. I wanna know . what do you mean " every time " lester die ? rudy oh , lester 's my uncle . great-uncle actually , he 's ninety - six . rudy break off a piece of goose drumstick and taste it . rudy not bad . hint of tarragon . jenna can you eat swan ? rudy too tough . anyway , old uncle lester 's heart stop every so often , usually around the holiday -- you know , all the excitement . so they bring he to emergency , get he go again , and I be the one go down and sign he out . bill some folk just take a lot of kill , I guess . SARA like rasputin . jenna who ? SARA turn of the century Russian . his enemy poison he but he live . so they shot he , and when that do not work , they dumped he in a icy river . rudy White guy ? SARA yeah . then they burn the body and bury it . rudy that 's some cold shit . donna look , there 's something I need to say .... bill say away , baby . have not have my dose of feminist propaganda today . donna good one , bill. ( to the other ) it 's just ... I do not want this thing to be , well , exploitational . bill jeez , a live - on - the - Net tour of the home of the worst serial killer in history . what could be exploitational about that ? donna I do not want this to be see as glorify violence . jenna I think Ted Bundy kill the most people . rudy Nah , man , Bundy be nowhere near the record . Henry Lee Lucas do like three hundred . bill I hear he make a lot of that up . jim you be all miss the point . the other turn to he . jim Michael myer be not real . jenna sure he be . there 's a book about he and everything . jim he might have be real once , but not anymore . Michael myer have enter the dark mythology of America , my friend . rudy Dark mythology . I like that . jim ( ham it up ) he 's become part of the horror that 's be the underside of this country ever since the first white man murder the first indian and start see the ghost of revenge in every shadow . rudy ghost of revenge ? you just make this shit up ? out of you head like ? jim ( on a roll ) he 's the great white shark of we unconscious . bill go , jimbo ! jim ( building steam ) he 's every murderous impulse we have ever have . rudy can I get a witness ! jim he 's the voice that whisper to we to flatten the old lady take forever at the checkout counter in front of we . the other ( chant ) go , jimbo ! go , jimbo ! jim he 's that little itch at the base of we brain where reptile once rule . he 's all of we , my friend , each and every one . they give he a sarcastic round of applause and he turn to the digital camera a few yard away , with a SMALL crew documenting the occasion for the net . jim stand , smile at US and bow dramatically . jim ( streaming video ) ( play to camera ) thank you , you be beautiful . great crowd , great crowd . CUT to : a computer screen on which we be watch the same image . boy' voice ( o.s. ) this be boring . boy' voice # 2 ( o.s. ) bore be as boring think . int. myle 's bedroom - night this be the room of a adolescent with a high - tech mindset . instead of sport paraphernalia and poster of rock heroes , every available inch of space be take up by computer part of vary age and condition , software on floppy and CD , manual on computer language and code . myle berman be sit in front of the computer screen , on which we watch Sara 's interview . he friend scott stand watching over he shoulder , bore . scott it 's just media hype . myle like you do not think she 's hot . angle on the computer screen , as the camera find the quiet SARA . back to scene as scott look at her , unimpressed . scott she 's like what , twenty ? myle nevertheless . scott can you get some porno up on that thing ? myle forget it . scott then let 's go to the mall . myle look up from the computer for the first time , blink . scott you know , food , movie , real girl . it would involve leave the room . myle I promise my mom I would study . scott " prognosis negative " just open at the multiplex . myle be not that a " R " ? scott like they check id over there . myle let I sign off . but when Scott turn away myle hit he e-mail " send " and we CUT to : ext . a country road - night we be look through the support beam of a wooden scaffolding , down a long straight stretch of road with highway light create pocket of light , pool of darkness . we hear voice and find a pickup truck at the side of the road . two men jerry and kenny , put the finishing touch on a billboard supported by the scaffolding . jerry throw that in the back , will you ? Kenny put a large , claw - toothe hammer into the flatbe . through the support a figure appear in the distance , at first just a vague shimmering ... but moving steadily toward US , vanishing in every patch of darkness , reappearing under each new light . the two men gather the rest of there tool , put they into the flatbed . int . truck - continuous the man climb into the cab . ext . road - night the dark - clad figure suddenly stop . he be look up . he Pov on the billboard , which we now finally see from the front -- a giant white michael myer mask stare down at US under copy that announce : " secret of the myer house revealed . tomorrow night . live . " angle on figure staring up at the sign for a long time , seemingly frozen . int . truck - night the driver reach for the ignition , hesitates . he be look up at something . Pov in rearview mirror where we see the figure stand there , in white mask , at the back of the flatbed . kenny what the -- ? jerry what be it ? the first man turn around quickly . Pov through rear window ... but the figure have vanished . angle in cab as kenny turn back to the wheel . kenny it 's nothing . just ... nothing . jerry the ignition switch be that one right there on the steering column . kenny what , like you get a date or something . jerry well , not with a actual person . a shadow cross they face and they both look up through the windshield as suddenly the shape appear out of nowhere -- and smashes downward with the huge hammer -- crashing through the windshield straight for kenny' skull as we CUT to : ext . haddonfield - morning october 31st . halloween . we move slowly down a tree - line STREET to find ext . myer house - continuous the place be long ago board up and fall into disrepair . graffiti be scratch across the façade , leave there no doubt by the heartiest of local teenager willing to take a dare . the front door be OPEN . we hear voice coming from inside . we keep moving ... slowly up the walkway toward the front door . int . myer house - morning we move among the old dusty furniture as through a museum . freddie ( o.s. ) no , I think you get to go a little lower with that one over there .... move up the stair where the voice grow louder . male voice ( o.s. ) this be what I do for a live , okay ? freddie ( o.s. ) that 's why I hire you , be not it ? ( a beat ) no , baby , I be not talk to you . angle to find freddie in the upstair hallway , on the cell phone while directing a thirtyish guy , brian , how to set up a SMALL digi - cam . charley , a middle - aged electrician , be running cable in the background . freddie ( on phone ) what ? yeah , baby , just tell they to be cool , a loan mean they get they money back , right ? they can look that up in the dictionary . ( to Brian ) you get the master bedroom ? Brian between the stationary camera and the minis they will be wear , you should be cover . freddie ( on phone ) I get my own problem , here , baby , I be deal with Orson fuck Welles junior here . ( to Brian ) look , Brian , we be not remake " Barton fink " here . I be on a schedule . Brian turn to he . brian High angle be scary , low angle be scary , medium angle be boring . freddie you learn about scare people shoot wedding and bar mitzvah ? Brian hey , I graduate Long Beach Film School . same as spielberg . freddie ( frustrated ) Fine . you know ... fine. ( on phone ) I will call you later , baby , I gotta get back to town . he flip the phone close , look back over at Brian . freddie just make sure it get do by this afternoon . he pass Brian in the hallway , head for the stair . brian by the way .... freddie turn back to he . brian Welles be overrate . freddie just shake he head and continue down the stair . follow he out the front door , mumble to himself . freddie Welles be overrate . shit. man be a motherfuck genius . the image transform into video as we look through a window as freddie get in he car . as the car pull out ... we get just a hint of another vehicle passing . wider to include brian looking through the video camera for a test . he turn it off , sets it down , look directly out the window . he Pov ... as we see just the tail end of a pickup truck disappearing under a red - leaf autumn tree . angle on brian as he turn back into the house , look around for a place to position the next camera . CUT to : int sanitarium - day Police and state mental health official move about gather information and evidence . two detective be interview the hapless Franklin munroe . detective but you be say all the other patient be account for . franklin like I tell you , there be someone else in the building . how he get out I do not know . angle to find a quiet , serious , dark - suite man watching from a few yard away : jeb donasldson step over , flash he wallet i.d . donaldson jeb Donaldson , State Police . detective I be just about finish with this man . donaldson take you time . I be just a fly on the wall . franklin ( to first cop ) look , man , all I know be what I see . detective and this other patient ... ( check he note ) ... harold trumble . you be certain he be in he room . Franklin I see he on the monitor and when I check he room he be in it . donaldson you monitor cover the entire grounds ? franklin yeah , man , but there be some , like , blind stop . around corner , the stairwell , that kind of thing . Donaldson nod , move over to the security desk where other officer be go over last night's tape . the security monitor show the various view from around the facility recorded last night : we see the babbling harold on one , the dark -clad figure approaching laurie' door on another . angle on donaldson as he watch curiously for a moment until a hospital administrator , horace jordan , come up alongside . jordan you Donaldson from State Police ? Donaldson look up and smile pleasantly at the man . CUT to : int . sanitarium - day the two man walk down a hallway on another floor . jordan he 's actually quite harmless , despite he fascination . donaldson well , you never know what he might have see . always best to -- he 's cut off by the ring of a cell phone . he take it out of he coat pocket , squint at the number , shrug at Jordan . donaldson duty call . ( on cell phone ) yes , honey .... no , I have not forget .... I will pick they up on the way home .... yes , I have get it .... two quart .... right . Love you . bye . he hang up the phone , Jordan look at he . jordan yeah , I be marry too . they reach one of the door and Jordan open it . int . harold be room - continuous harold look up at they -- wear a Laurie strode novelty mask . harold Laurie strode , sister of mass murderer Michael myer .... the two man stop in the doorway , look at he , at each other . CUT to : int . sara' room - afternoon Sara be at she computer read she e-mail as Jane come in . jane should not you be get ready ? SARA I be ready . Jane look at she disapprovingly . jane you be wear that ? Sara I think I be . jane I mean , you be go to be all over the Internet and everything . I better find you something . she go to the closet , rummages through she clothes . jane so , you do not think it 's kind of , well , creepy , go in that house ? SARA ( a few beat ) when I be a little girl there be this streetlamp outside my window . and when the curtain blow in just the right way , it cast a shadow on my wall that look like -- this be go to sound silly . Jane stop rummage , turn to Sara . jane no , what ? SARA well , it look like a giant rabbit . Jane ( laugh ) a rabbit ? SARA go figure . I be scared of rabbit . it 's something about the ear . Jane yes ! I can see that . SARA anyway , I would lie there , unable to move , want to shut my eye but afraid to . I do not want to call to my parent because I know that it be not real , that it be just a shadow on the wall . I do not want they to think I be weak . jane you know it be a shadow but you be still scared ? SARA that 's the thing about fear . it do not matter if it 's a killer rabbit or just a shadow . jane I guess not . Jane find a sexy sweater , step over to Sara , look over she shoulder at the computer screen open to she e-mail reader . jane same guy ? SARA yeah . he 's in graduate school . jane I will bet . probably some fifty - year- old lard - ass with a bad comb-over . Jane drape the sweater over Sara 's shoulder and step back . jane perfect ! CUT to : int . myles' room - afternoon myle sit at he computer , distract . scott ( o.s. ) so the good news be .... angle to find scott stand at the OPEN door of the room . myle look over at he . myle make some noise or something when you come in . scott I tell you mom we be study . you want to hear the news or not ? myle sure . scott I score we a invite to Jennifer 's Halloween Net party tonight . you will get to see you girlfriend hi-def widescreen . myle yeah , great . scott well , thanks for the enthusiasm . myle man , I really screw up . scott well , I could have tell you that . myle no , this be serious . Scott come farther into the room , look at he friend . myle ( continue ) there 's this ... person I know and somehow she kinda get the idea I be ... older than I be . scott she ? there 's a " she " in you life ? myle look over at the computer , back at Scott . scott ( realize ) no ! myle step over to the computer , call up he e-mail reader . myle check it out . Scott read one of Sara 's message , he eye widen . scott Holy shit . this be the chick in the Halloween thing . myle we meet in a chat room . Scott turn and stare at he friend . scott you be God , man . myle she be ask for tech support to set up she off- line reader and ... oh , what difference do it make . scott this be so cool ! myle be you out of you mind ? she think I be in graduate school . I tell she I be twenty - four . scott you actually convinced a college chick you be in she league ? I would say that 's cool . myle she think I be a physics major . scott you first mistake . you should have say business . woman really go for that kind of guy . too bad you be not that kind of guy . myle like we be ever go to meet . scott then what 's the point ? myle do you know that in the Middle Ages sometimes a knight would spend he entire life court a woman in poem and sonnet ? they would never even touch . scott you need help , man . myle leave I alone . scott no , really . I be worried about you . they do not have you on ritalin or anything , do they ? CUT to : int . donaldson' office - afternoon Donaldson be sit in he very low - tech space . if it be not for the voice and occasional static-lace dispatch sound in the background , we would not know he 's carve this dark space of a office out of State Police headquarters . the only anomaly among the ancient filing cabinet and stack of paperwork be the computer sit on he cluttere desk . he look at it as if it be a alien presence . he look down at a pad on he desk . insert pad cover with he note from the sanitarium . we see the name underline : laurie strode . angle on donaldson as he stand up , stretch , move to the window . Pov through window as halloween begins to take shape . we see costume kide , some of they wearing cheap michael myer mask , moving in SMALL cluster , older one on the edge of rowdiness , little one shepherded by watchful parent . angle on donaldson as he turn around -- and suddenly a face appear behind he , horrible and ghoulish -- and he jump back , startled . angle on the " ghoul " as it remove what prove to be a halloween mask , revealing a young desk - duty officer , nora mann . donaldson Jesus , nora . nora oh , do I startle you ? donaldson at what point in you training do they tell you a sense of humor be important ? nora hmm . I do not seem to recall . donaldson and the purpose of this visit ? other than to jump -start my heart . nora haddonfield p.d. 's fax we what you ask for on Laurie strode . there 's a shitload of it . on the other hand , you could save a forest by enter the electronic age . she look over at the computer on he desk , back at he . nora she be not hard to find . donaldson be not there someone out there with a heart condition you can try that mask on ? nora I will see what I can do . she turn and leave the room . angle on donaldson as he look back at the computer . he sigh , then finally sit back down at he desk , move the mouse and click . we hear the annoying connection noise as the internet come up . he type something on the keyboard . the computer screen be on a search engine as he type in " laurie strode " and click the mouse again . about a hundre reference pop up . angle on donaldson as he look at the computer screen curiously . he move the mouse , we hear the click , watch different color play across he face as different site come up . until : on the computer screen we see a web site slowly come up , rendering shape from blotches of color ... turning into the michael myer home page . angle on donaldson as the investigator look curiously at the computer screen a moment . he drum he finger restlessly on he desk . look at he note . at the computer screen . back at he note . then he stand , grab he coat , and head for the door .... CUT to : ext . myer house - afternoon we find Brian at the equipment truck park at the curb , get another mini- dv camera out of the back , while on he cell phone . brian yeah , I have just get one placement leave and we be ready to roll . follow he up the walkway toward the house with the camera . brian ( continue ) we will be up and run in no time . as he head up the step of the porch we angle to find ... the old pickup truck partially hidden by the fall tree . int . myer house - afternoon Brian carry the camera up the stair and down a hall toward a narrow cabinet . he stop , hear something from downstairs . he Pov down the stair ... there's nothing there . follow he as he turn away , move down the hallway to the cabinet . he yank it OPEN -- and something fly out at he out of the darkness . he jump back startled , then look down at the stuffed animal lying at he feet : a child ancient pink easter bunny . he straighten and turn back to the cabinet . then he hear another SOUND , coming from behind he . angle down hallway as he sets down the camera . he start moving down the hall . now it's quiet again . he peer into the doorway of a bedroom , but there's nothing there . he turn back into the hall -- when suddenly a shape come up at he from behind a door , featureless white mask staring at he -- brian jump back in fright -- but the figure simply pull the cheap novelty mask down from he face ... revealing charley , the jumpsuited technician , grinning at he . brian Jesus shit , man ! charley hey , it 's Halloween , get into the spirit . Brian I be here to do a fuck job , okay ? charley sorry , it be just a joke . do not go Oliver Stone on I . Brian look , just check out the control room and make sure we be go online tonight , okay ? charley you get it . charley turn away and head down the stair and we follow brian back to the cabinet . he lift the camera and position it . then he hear something behind he . this time he just ignore it , sighing . he reach around behind the camera and through the camera the video image come on -- as we see the shape coming up behind brian and we CUT to : int . garage / control room - same time which as be turn into a control room of sort . charley take up position at a mixing panel with a array of dial , lever , and switcher , control a bank of monitor . it 's somewhat jury -rigged , with a tangle of wire and electrical cable feed the system . charley sets a giant cup of starbuck's mochaccino at the edge . he flip a switch on the console and several monitor light up . he reach to take a sip of he coffee , never noticing that on one of the monitor michael myer be pulling brian out of view . by the time charley look up , the monitor show nothing . CUT to : ext . campus - late afternoon the student have assemble in the parking lot , a small group of other college kid there to see they off . one young guy have a video camera to memorialize the occasion . student ( to Bill ) so , tell we , tough guy , what be you go to do if Michael myer decide to come home tonight ? Bill hide behind one of the woman ? rudy at least he 's honest . Jenna ( look at she watch ) why be man always late ? jim just give you time to touch up you makeup . Jenna sigh , look back at she watch . CUT to : int . van - afternoon look through the windshield as the van turn into the university driveway , freddie behind the wheel . ext . campus - afternoon the van pull up and the door open as freddie turn to they . freddie you folk need a ride ? int. van - afternoon they all climb on board and take they seat . freddie buckle yourselves in , kid , I be not know for my drive . angle on SARA settling into her seat near the back , as freddie start pulling out of the parking lot . her Pov out the window ... as we see aron , amid the SMALL cluster of other student , watching somberly as the van pull away . freddie ( o.s. ) the house have be rig with camera . angle in van as freddie continue he spiel . freddie ( continue ) so keep you finger out of you nose , kid , do not be do anything you do not want the view public to see . Jim give donna a nudge . jim you like a audience , do not you ? donna have I forget to ignore you today ? jim no , I think you remember . donna good . just check . freddie and leave you cell phone in the van , I do not want they go off and blow the atmospherics . Jenna no cell phone ? bill yeah , imagine that . kind of what it be like in grandpa 's day . the student settle into they seat for the long ride . angle on van as it zip past US down the long straight road . CUT to : int . donaldson be car - late afternoon we find the state cop intent behind the wheel . his cell phone ring . he look at the number , sigh , answer it . donaldson yes , honey .... I leave you a message .... no , I will be back late tonight .... what ?... well , I imagine I can pick it up at the market , they be open twenty - four hour , be not they ?... yes . I will .... only one quart ?... yes , get it .... Love you too . bye . he flip the phone close and we go to a angle on car as it pass US and we find the road sign indicating : " haddonfield , 93 mile . " CUT to : int . van - dusk the six student be look out the window as they turn down a tree-line street and come to a stop in front of : ext . myer house - night Dark and quiet in the early night . charley wait on the front lawn , with a camera to catch the arrival . int . myer house - night we move slowly over to a upstairs window . we see the curtain be pull slightly apart . through michael' eye we watch out the window as the van door OPEN and freddie and the kide climb out .... CUT to : ext . myer house - night charley come over carry a large plastic box . freddie where 's Brian ? charley finish up and take off . I have not see he since this afternoon . freddie shit . charley do not need he . once we be up the system pretty much run itself . freddie gear them up and let 's get roll . charley hand each of they a large , police - style flashlight , then pull out what look like a baseball - style cap , put it on he head . he turn to the student . charley this be a hat -cam . whatever you see , we will see . I have also get some mini clip - on camera . through the hat -cam we see the student looking back at US . ext . myer house - continuous charley hand out hat -cam and several species of clip - on mini-cameras , then jog to the garage . we notice the large portable generator park outside . freddie check he watch . freddie all right , guy , two minute . Jenna check she hair in the van side mirror . jim lighten up , Jenna , it 's stream video , not cinemascope . freddie get on a walkie-talkie . freddie you get set up back there , charley ? CUT to : int . garage / control room - following charley take up position at a control console , take a sip of he everpresent mochaccino , and pick up he walkie . charley come on line .... and he flip a few switch and the monitor light up with various view from around the house . from the kide ' mini - cam we see freddie at the front of the house . CUT to : int . party house - night High school kid be arrive for tonight 's Internet Halloween party , myle and Scott include . on the plasma screen across the room we see freddie talking to camera : freddie ( streaming video ) we be here in front of the myer house in haddonfield . I be about to go to the control room . ( to the student ) sixty second .... suddenly we go into the plasma screen and pop out at ext . myer house - night as freddie head around back and into : int . garage / control room - following freddie position himself at the console beside charley . freddie ( continue ) from here we will be watch the team member as they enter and move about the myer house . ( to charley ) we ready ? charley everything 's a go . freddie scowl at charley 's giant cup of mochaccino . freddie you know how much caffeine they get in one of that ? charley let I guess . a lot ? freddie that shit will kill you . charley well , that 's all just a matter of timing , be not it ? on the monitor we watch as the student approach the door of the old house . int . myer house - following the door creak OPEN and they enter . CUT to : int . party house - night we see a grid of view from around the myer house play across the plasma screen before the audience of high school kid . one of the boy work a mouse across the grid to maximize one view or another . CUT to : int . myer house - night the student poke about with flashlight : the furniture all appear to be in place , cover with year worth of dust . it 's as if the occupant quickly fle a disaster . bill let 's keep a eye on each other , this place be old , might have rotting timber . rudy do you think I be plan on wander around here by myself ? donna look like nothing 's be move in year . SARA after the murder the family just seal the place off and leave everything . jim do not suppose they would have have much luck find buyer anyway . int . kitchen - night the five student enter , they flashlight beam casting about the old fixture . rudy I love this old stove . call I crazy , but I just do not think electric burner allow flavor to meld the same way . donna not a big fan of the microwave , I take it . he look at she with disdain . bill and it 's so quick . rudy go over to examine a old spice rack , pull a jar out . rudy wow , wonder what twenty - year - old fennel taste like . Jim what be we go to find in the kitchen ? unless you think he diet turn he into a killer . Jenna be not there that serial killer who eat all that Devil dog ? donna that be twinkies . Sara and he be not a serial killer . bill check this out .... angle on bill , over by the kitchen counter . he be looking at a old knife rack . slowly he pull a large blade out of its slot . rudy you do not suppose that 's the one he use to .... jim no way , cop would have keep that in a evidence locker somewhere . Jenna still , it 's pretty creepy . rudy fuck yeah . jim duly note . CUT to : the same image view through rudy 's hat -cam view , see on a monitor . int . garage / control room - night the two man at the control panel , watch the same image . Pov from back door window where someone be watching they too .... angle on freddie as he turn around , if sensing something . he look through the back door window -- but now it be empty . he turn back to the monitor . CUT to : int . house - night the student move back through the live room . bill ( to Jim and donna ) why do not you check out the basement ? we will look upstairs . CUT to : int . donaldson be car - night the police detective turn the wheel toward a exit . angle on car as it whizhes onto the exit ramp marked for " haddonfield . " CUT to : int . myer basement - night Jim and donna walk down rickety stair , they flashlight beam cut across pile of old furniture , firewood , carton , beam and shadow crisscross by naked pipe . donna so , why do you think he do it ? jim population control . they wander about in the semi-dark . donna I have a theory . jim let I guess . tv violence . he move over to a ancient console television , sit on it . jim ( continue ) I mean , they do not have video game back then , so it must have be Saturday morning cartoon that turn he into a killer . donna I think he just like it . Jim move over to she , look at she face in the half - light . jim what , no abuse excuse ? no Freud ? do not tell I that beneath that icy surface you actually believe in free will . make I want to see what other door of mystery you might open to the man with the right key . donna do that half - ass Jim morrison shit work with the chick in the poetry department ? jim it 's be know to . donna yeah ? well , it do not cut it with critical study . CUT to : int . upstair - night Bill , rudy , Jenna , and Sara enter what look like the master bedroom . Jenna flop onto the bed , create a cloud of dust that make they cough . bill good one , Jenna . jenna do you suppose this be where he be , you know , conceive ? rudy man , I do not even have a opinion . Sara open the door of a walk - in closet , push away a mass of cobweb , step inside . bill what be you look for ? rudy maybe she will find a man-size dress in there . Jenna look at he blankly . rudy you know , like papa be norman bate or some shit . jenna who 's norman bate ? he just look at she and sigh . bill ( to Sara ) you find anything in there ? angle in closet as SARA push aside some hanging clothes -- and a white face peer back at her from the darkness -- SARA scream and fall back against the door , pushing it shut behind her and leaving her in the dark as her flashlight tumble to the floor . angle in bedroom as bill and rudy run over but the door be jammed tight . rudy Sara ! you okay ? Bill Sara ! inside the closet SARA find her flashlight just as the door open and -- a tailor' mannequin in a cheap wig tumble free from behind the clothes , falling harmlessly to the floor . angle on SARA , rudy , and bill , staring down at the thing . SARA oh , Jesus , I can not believe that scared I . rudy it 's okay , it 's cool . y'all do not mind if I sit down right now . he step back , sit down on the bed -- then realize where he be and jump back up . rudy actually , I think I will stand . they all start laugh at the ridiculousness of it . then SARA look around . SARA where 's Jenna ? and suddenly we be sucked out of the scene and pop out : int . garage / control room - night freddie and charley watch on the monitor . charley mind if I grab a smoke ? freddie as long as it 's not near I . charley get up , head for the back door . freddie I hear that shit 's bad for you . it be in all the papers . charley you plan on live forever ? charley step outside , freddie look at the monitor . freddie ( to himself ) I be think about it . freddie look over at charley 's giant cup of mochaccino . he pick it up , sniff it and grimace , set it back down . int . house - night where we find rudy wander down a upstairs hallway . rudy Jenna , where would you go ? at the end of the hall he look up , stop a rope hang down from the trap door lead to the attic . he reach up , pull on the rope , but it's suck . he keep tugging at it , then hear something from behind he . he turn , look back . he Pov down the dark hallway . only shadow . angle on rudy as he turn away from the attic door , start down the hall . rudy Jenna ...? CUT to : ext . backyard - following charley step out into the night . reaches to he shirt pocket for he cigarettes . we hear the crack of a branch . he look over into the narrow alley between the garage and house . he start to turn away , then hear another sound . follow he as he walk into the shadowy space . behind they we see a large shape come up in the darkness . angle on charley as he continue down the alley another few feet then turn around -- and the shape be stand there blocking he way . charley be only momentarily startled , but not surprised . charley what the hell be you do out here ? I think you be suppose to -- but he be cut off in mid-thought . his mouth open but nothing come out . he look down at he stomach -- and see the gardener 's trowel imbed in there , Michael myer 's hand wrap around the handle . on charley 's bewilder look we CUT to : int . basement - night Jim playfully swing around in front of donna , block she . jim come on , when be you go to admit you like I ? donna that 's a double bind question . kind of like , " have you stop beat you dog ? " but suddenly she grab he shirt and pull he to she . donna ( seductively ) so tell I -- have you stop beat you dog ? tighter on they as jim be taken aback when she kiss he passionately . and in a instant they be all over each other , kissing , groping , until donna push he gently away . donna you suppose they have get camera down here ? he point to the lapel cam she 's wear . jim afraid of lose you stand in the sisterhood ? donna do not flatter yourself . screw a poetry major would practically be lesbianism . jim I can get behind that . he fold she sweater back to block the lapel cam , then kiss she again and they fall back against a old door -- and suddenly the ancient wood of the door give way and they tumble through it and land on the dusty floor inside . int . basement room - continuous they flashlight roll free casting crazy shifting light -- hitting face all around they , wild feral animal face with gaping jaw . angle on jim and donna as they regroup , find there flashlight , get back to there feet . now we see that all around they be a macabre collection of skinned and stuffed animal : a huge german shepherd , several cat , exotic bird , part of what we may only conclude to be a bizarre family pet collection . jim this be one weird family . donna you should meet my cousin . CUT to : the same image on the giant plasma screen . int . party - night the Internet party guest watch the action . stan cool ! CUT to : int . garage / control room - night freddie watch on the monitor . he smile . CUT to : int . upstair - night Sara and Bill enter what look like the room of a small boy . apart from decade of dust , it seem preserve in a pristine state , as if it be some kind of shrine . stuff animal gaze back at we from the bed , lionel train track circumnavigate the room , a baseball and mitt sit perch on the dresser . SARA this must have be he room . bill look like any kid 's room . SARA everything seem freeze in time . bill his parent probably never come in here after the murder . SARA look at this . angle on a old trunk at the foot of the SMALL bed . SARA kneel beside it , tries to get it OPEN . SARA it 's stick . angle on bill , go through the drawer of a child - size dresser . SARA what be you look for ? bill see if he have a baseball card collection . you know how much that thing would be worth ? angle on SARA as she finally get the ancient trunk lid OPEN -- and a SMALL head pop out and she fall back onto her seat . the head bob crazily on a spring and we realize it be a old jack -in - the - BOX , with eerie painted face and gazing glass eye . bill look over from the dresser . bill kid have a sense of humor . Sara catch she breath , look inside the trunk and find a family photo album . she open it . insert album where we see early sixties snapshot of a couple with a daughter and young son ... then the addition of a baby girl ... the kide growing to school age .... angle in room as bill slam shut the last drawer , goe over to a side door . he open it and step into a adjoining room . bill I be gonna see what 's in here . Sara look back at the photo album . insert album the boy in the photo grow increasingly distant . there be shot with he off to the side , resentfully watching he parent cuddling he new baby sister . go closer on the photo of the boy , moving into the deep - set haunted eye -- be they sad , resentful , or utterly dead ? and suddenly we CUT to : michael' Pov ... as he enter he house . he look around in the darkness , one way and another with he predatory gaze . he move to : int . kitchen - continuous Michael go over to the cutlery rack . he pull out a knife . the blade catch light in a spark of brilliance and we CUT to : a huge blade slashing into frame -- int . party house - night as a big kid in cheap Michael myer costume lash out with a rubber knife , strike one of the smaller kid , who feign a dramatic death . CUT to : int . michael be room - night Sara be look at the family album curiously . SARA Bill , come take a look at this . there 's no response . she get up and move to the side door . Pov through room to the adjoining room . all we see be darkness . SARA Bill ? follow her as she step into the next room -- which , by its stack of album , collection of doll , aerosmith poster on the wall , we take to be the habitat of a teenage girl circa 1970s . CUT to : int . basement storeroom - night Jim and donna cast they flashlight about the basement storeroom , with its odd store of stuff animal . jim maybe this be he playroom . donna yeah , I can see it now . Little Michael myer practice on the family pet . a tiny cascade of dry mortar tumble loose from the wall . jim check this out . he be look at a old brick wall sealing off a corner of the room . the brick seem haphazardly set , the ancient mortar easily give way under he finger . he remove one brick , then another , and a few tumble free to the floor . donna what do you think 's back there ? jim I do not know , black magic shrine ? maybe he parent be devil worshiper ? donna whose be not ? she turn to shine she flashlight on the oppose wall -- and a hand come free from the brick wall behind her and land on her shoulder . donna scream and her flashlight swing wildly back at the open in the brick -- angle on a face staring back at they , lip pulled back , grimacing in death . donna oh , my God -- ! wider angle as suddenly the rest of the brick come tumbling loose as -- a decomposed body crash through and land on the floor , the handle of a huge knife sticking out of the back -- donna scream , staring at the mummified corpse with parched skin over sunken eyehole , teeth bare in final terror . CUT to : the same scene view on the giant plasma screen at the party . the kide just sit there rapt , stunned into speechlessness . CUT to : int . garage / control room - night freddie slap he hand down on the console in excitement . freddie yes ! CUT to : int . basement storeroom - night Jim and donna stare down at the macabre ancient corpse . donna Jesus , this must be he first victim . but Jim be look at something curiously . jim maybe not .... donna what ? he reach down to the corpse and turn it over -- and one of the arm fall off . he grab it up and be on the move .... CUT to : int . upstair - night Sara walk down the hall , flashlight in hand . SARA Bill , where be you ? and suddenly a figure come out of nowhere behind she -- she scream and the figure jump back -- two flashlight beam swing wildly until we see -- SARA and rudy staring at each other across dueling flashlight . SARA Jesus , you scared I . rudy I scared you ? I get a feel if I look in the mirror right now , I be a white man . SARA where 's Bill ? rudy I think he be with you . CUT to : the basement storeroom - night donna , only a few beat behind Jim , make she way among the pile of old junk when she drop she flashlight . it roll away in the dark . she kneel by a old sofa , feel under it . Pov on her from someone watching behind a support pillar . angle on donna as she find the flashlight and start for the stair . CUT to : the plasma screen at the kid ' party -- on which we see a dark figure dart out of the shadow and grab donna . there be a glint of steel , a quick muffle scream ... and they fall out of frame . eric that be so bogus . angle on myle watching the screen curiously . CUT to : int . garage / control room - night freddie be momentarily turn away from the monitor . freddie charley ? where the hell you at ? he shake he head , turn back to the control panel . CUT to : int . basement - night ... where we find donna lie face down on the floor . one eye stare out at nothing , a pool of blood grow around she head . CUT to : int . upstair - night Sara and rudy move down the hallway when : jenna ( o.s. ) hey , you guy ! angle to find jenna at the far end of the hall , carrying something . SARA Jenna , where have you be ? she hold up a plastic -wrapped box . jenna it 's a original malibu barbie ! you know how much this thing be worth ? and suddenly a large shape lunge out of a dark doorway behind she -- SARA scream and jenna turn -- just as the figure raise the huge blade in he hand and slashes it down toward her . jenna duck out of the way and dart down the hall as rudy grab sara' hand and they run for the stair . follow they running wildly down the stair as -- the figure pursue they in he purposeful unhurried gait . CUT to : the plasma screen where we watch the same scene . int . party house - night the kid cheer along with the action . CUT to : int . control room - night freddie be watch the monitor when there be a knock at the door . he look around . freddie charley , where the fuck you at ? cursing , he get up and go to the door and open it . angle on donaldson stand there , holding OPEN he wallet i.d. donaldson Mr. Harris , I be jeb Donaldson from the state po -- freddie yeah , real pleased to make you acquaintance , but I be in the middle of something here -- do you say police ? CUT to : int . house - night Sara and rudy reach the front door . rudy ( try the doorknob ) fuck ! who lock it ? SARA back door through the kitchen ! they turn toward the kitchen just as a shape come out of the darkness and grab Sara -- but jim appear out of nowhere and swing something at the figure -- catch he on the chin and sending he sprawling to the floor . the white mask come flying off -- revealing bill underneath the costume . jim ( glaring down at he ) I just wanna know . be you in on it from the beginning ? bill take it easy , dude , chill out . Sara and rudy look from Bill to Jim in confusion . jim tell we , man . Bill slowly get to he foot , look at the other . bill hey , America love a show . we be give they a show . rudy what the fuck be go on here ? Jim point down at the club he use on Bill . it 's a arm from the " corpse . " in the flashlight beam we see it 's phony . jim ( to the other ) it 's fake . we have be set up all along . behind they we notice a shape , moving up the stair in the dark .... CUT to : int . party - night where the kid look at each other . stan busted . CUT to : int . live room - night Jim and Bill be still face off . jim how much extra be they pay you ? bill grow up , man . how long do you think people would pay to watch we wander around a old house try to figure out why some guy go nut twenty year ago ? Michael myer be old news , man . half the guy on death row have a higher body count . jim so they figure they would spice up the evening with a few cheap thrill . CUT to : int . upstair - night where we find Jenna still search for a place to hide . she look up and notice the pull - down ladder to the attic door . she reach up , grab it and give it a yank -- angle on door as it pop OPEN -- and a body drop down , head first , catch by its feet . brian dead face stare back at jenna , upside - down like a slaughtered animal , eye still OPEN . angle on jenna scream at the grisly sight as we CUT to : int . downstair - following they hear Jenna 's scream . Jim nod upstairs . jim all part of the show ? bill why do not you just chill , man . sara you mean it 's all fake ? bill make for a more entertaining evening if the wayward son make a return visit . especially if it 's time for Internet prime time . rudy there 's a Internet prime time ? they all turn as jenna appear at the top of the stair , her shirt cover in brian blood . she open her mouth but can barely speak . wider angle as they all look up at her . jim good one , Jenna , you pass the audition . Sara turn to Bill . SARA open the front door . bill I do not lock it . he go over to the door , try the knob -- angle upstair as a blade suddenly slashes out behind jenna , cleanly slicing through her neck before she realize be . her head sit there for a instant -- topples down the stair one bump at a time . CUT to : the plasma screen ... as we see Jenna 's hat -cam view of the dizzying descent down the stair ... until it reach the floor and the hat - cam pop off , landing inch away from she head and point back at she open dead eye . int . party - night the kid stare at the plasma screen in amazement . kyle how the fuck do they do that ? kenny retractable blade , man . CUT to : int . garage / control room - night freddie be look in shock at Donaldson , not notice the monitor on the control panel . freddie when do it happen ? donaldson late last night . freddie ah , man I just -- but he cut himself short as he notice : the monitor ... and the weird angle looking into jenna' eye . freddie what the ...? CUT to : int . house - night the shape move silently down the stair while angle on the front door , as bill give up on the jammed doorknob . SARA let 's just use the back door . a hand reach out of the dark , find bill dropped mask on the floor . through michael' eye we study the white novelty mask curiously for a moment . then he lets it fall back to the floor . angle on student as they hear a SOUND behind they and turn . sara' flashlight beam rise up and hit the shape stand there in the white mask and dark jumpsuit . wider angle as they all turn to bill -- who be clearly not wearing the mask this time . suddenly the knife in michael myers' hand thrust upward deep into bill abdomen . bill stare into that dead eye for one quizzical disbelieving second -- then michael lift the impale man high up in the AIR as the other watch in one monstrous beat of SHOCK -- then run all direction as michael drop the quivering dying body of bill to the floor . CUT to : the monitor where we watch as SARA run up the stair , reaching the second floor landing and nearly stumbling over jenna' headless torso . int . garage / control room - night freddie finally realize something be very wrong , jump up and run back toward the house , Donaldson a beat behind . ext . backyard - night the two man run out of the garage . freddie back door 's around the corner , I get the front . the two man separate and we CUT to : int . upstair bedroom - night Sara shut the door , toppling a bookcase over to block it . CUT to : int . kitchen - night rudy run for the back door but knock over a baker 's rack , block he escape as michael appear behind he , striding unhurriedly toward he . wider angle as rudy grab a old rolling pin and smashes it down on michael' shoulder and michael' knife clatter to the floor . rudy raise the rolling pin again but this time michael be hand reach out and grab rudy powerfully by the throat and drag he over to the stove . michael open the oven door with he free hand and shove rudy's head inside -- then smashes the door down again and again on rudy's head , turning it to pulp . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Sara look around in desperation , she eye find the small net -cam set in the corner of the room .... CUT to : the plasma screen at the party as Sara look into camera . SARA ( streaming video ) somebody out there , please help we ! this be not something we plan . he 's kill we ! int. party - night myle look at the other . myle I do not think she 's kid . jason , one of the bigger kid , come up in he face . jason of course she be , you freak . I bet you be one of that people who think Mars be invade too . myle I just know she would not .... jason what ? what would not she do ? myle and Scott trade look . scott tell he about deckard , man . suddenly the bigger Jason come up in myle 's face . jason tell I what , freak ? who invite you here , anyways ? and who the fuck be deckard ? myle I know she , all right ? Online . deckard be my log - on name . Jason look at he a beat , then they all start laugh . jason yeah , right . you meet she in a chat room for masturbaters anonymous . myle ( to Scott ) let 's go . Scott look at he friend , back at the party , the giant screen . scott sorry , man . myle grab he backpack to leave as the other turn back to the plasma screen where SARA be pleading to the internet viewer . SARA ( streaming video ) be not there anyone out there who will listen ? CUT to : int . kitchen - night Michael look around , find the knife on the floor . he start back into the house when we hear something and angle to the back door -- as it open and donaldson come charging in , pulling he pistol out of a shoulder holster as michael spin toward he and grab he gun hand . donaldson look into michael be eye for a instant as michael turn the gun back toward he chest and fire -- and donaldson goe flying back against the wall and crumple to the floor . michael turn back into the house . CUT to : int . myer bedroom - night Sara spin around as she begin to hear footstep on the stair ... then in the hall outside she door . she quickly get she palm pilot out of she bag and turn back to the net -cam . SARA deckard , be you out there ? there be a bang on the door behind she and we CUT to : myles' room as he quickly enter -- then notice he computer screen . SARA ( streaming video ) deckard , if you be there please let I know ! myle almost trip lurching for he keyboard . CUT to : the screen on sara' palm pilot , as the word pop up : deckard here . SARA ( into net -cam ) deckard , oh God , this be for real ! please . tell someone . he 's kill people ! CUT to : the party where the kid stare in stupefaction at the plasma screen . eric Holy shit . Scott nod smugly , jump up and do a victory dance . scott ( sing ) he get the booty , he get the booty . CUT to : int . myer bedroom - night Sara look back at the door -- as it suddenly shake violently as Michael throw he weight against it . CUT to : int . myles' house - night myle run down the stair so fast he almost take a header . int . live room - following myle 's mother look over from the tv and he father look up from he evening paper . mother take it easy on the stair , myle . myle Mom ! dad ! you have get to listen ! father I think you come home to study . myle dad , people be be kill on the Internet . father do not you have a math exam tomorrow ? myle try to calm himself and get they attention . myle dad , he 's kill people . father what be you talk about ? a beat , as myle steel himself for the inevitable . myle I ... logge onto a chat site . and tonight we be watch the -- father I see . myle dad , you can ground I till I be fifty , but you have get to listen . there be people be kill . father be you aware of what day it be ? myle of course , what do that -- ? father have you ever hear of " invasion from Mars " ? Orson Welles 's radio broadcast of Halloween , 1939 ? myle it be " War of the world " and it be 1938 and this be no hoax . Michael myer have come back to haddonfield . father I see . you be ground . until you be fifty . myle look at he father another beat , then run back upstairs . CUT to : int . myer bedroom - night the banging on the door stop : have he give up ? int . hall - night Michael myer notice something on the floor . he reach down . CUT to : the computer screen in myles' room -- as Michael myer look directly at we . he be look into one of the drop hat - cam . CUT to : ext . myer house - night freddie kicking at the front door until it finally burst open . int . house / control room - continuous freddie run in , spot Bill 's body on the floor . freddie oh , shit . CUT to : int . myer bedroom - night Sara take a tentative step toward the door as the message beep come on she palm pilot and the word jump on the screen : he's outside the door ! CUT to : myles' computer screen where we see Michael just on the other side of the door . CUT to : int . myer bedroom - night where suddenly the door shudder as Michael throw he full weight into it . Sara grab she palm pilot and run to the window , open it quickly . she climb outside just as the door burst OPEN and Michael charge inside in a blind rage . ext . ledge - continuous Sara make she way precariously along the narrow ledge , then hoist herself up onto the sloping roof as below her michael' head pop outside the window . but she be already out of view as she move along the narrow spine of the roof and over to the attic window . she tries to OPEN it but it's locked ... so she smashes the glass with her foot and quickly slip into the attic . below her michael look up at the SOUND of the breaking glass . int . attic - following Sara look down as she palm pilot beeps with a message : can't see you ! she think quickly , take off she hat - cam , point it at herself . SARA deckard ! where be he ? CUT to : int . myles' room - night myle look at the grid of view on he computer screen . myle ( as he type ) do not know ! can not see he ! CUT to : int . attic - night a shadow cross the window behind Sara and we CUT to : int . myles' room - night myle grab he phone while focus on he computer screen . myle ( on phone ) I need the haddonfield , Illinois police department . this be a emergency . CUT to : int . attic - night Sara move about in the dark and stumble over a pile of junk -- send she palm pilot clatter to the floor . she curse , making her way to the ladder , where she have to climb over brian body , still hanging there . int . hallway - continuous she run down the hall -- until a arm reach out of nowhere and grab her -- angle to find freddie stand there , covering her mouth so she can't scream . he look behind her . freddie where be he ? SARA I do not know . CUT to : int . myles' room - night where we find myle intent on the phone . myle no , this be not a Halloween prank . you have get to listen to I . CUT to : int . myer house - night freddie and Sara move toward the stair when suddenly the hall window burst inward as a shape come flying through it and Michael land in front of they , blocking they escape . but freddie suddenly land a side kick to michael' chest -- sending michael sprawling back against the wall . freddie be not expect I to kung fu you ass , be you ? Michael straighten and come at freddie again and this time freddie land three quick fist to the torso and head and a spinning kick -- but this time michael catch freddie's ankle in mid -kick . they stare at each other a beat -- then freddie jump off he other leg and twist in the AIR -- catch michael on the chin -- and they both go crashing through the door into int . master bedroom - continuous Michael slashes with he knife and freddie catch he hand and they struggle wildly across the room -- SARA grab the venetian blind cord -- jump onto michael' back . michael spin crazily , slashing at freddie , try to get SARA off he back -- as SARA wrap the cord around michael be neck and jump off as -- freddie spring at michael like a linebacker -- propelling michael through the window in a explosion of glass -- until the venetian blind SNAP out of there housing as ext . house - continuous Michael plummet toward the ground until the venetian blind get caught in the window frame -- and Michael 's body stop in mid-drop , the cord a taut noose around he neck . he body twitches violently , once , twice , then stop . he hang there , unmoving . int . master bedroom - continuous freddie and Sara rush to the window and look outside to see ext . house - continuous Michael hanging there , lifeless . int . master bedroom - continuous they look at each other , amaze they be still alive . freddie let 's get the fuck out of here . int . Hall - continuous they run out of the room and start down the hall -- and a baseball bat come swinging downward out of the darkness -- catch freddie on the side of the head and dropping he lifeless to the floor . angle on jim stand there , holding the bat . he look down at freddie , realizing . jim oh , shit . but Sara be on the floor , feel for a pulse . jim be he dead ? SARA I do not know . we have get to get help . she straighten and they head quickly to the stair . CUT to : ext . house - night where , outside the window , we see Michael 's hang body . a moment , then : he hand twitches ... and slowly start moving upward , still holding the knife . the blade start cutting through the venetian blind cord . CUT to : int . downstair - night Sara and Jim run for the front door -- ext . house - continuous they make it out the door -- just as a figure drop down in front of they blocking they path . michael myer stand there , a fragment of rope still dangling from he neck . jim swing the baseball bat in one vicious arc -- catch michael on the head and sending he to the ground in a heap . jim and SARA look at each other , wide -eyed . jim it 's okay . no way he 's get up after that . Michael sit up and look at they . they look back at he . jim swing the bat again , this time bring it straight down -- but michael reach up and grab the bat in mid - swing . he stand up . jim tries desperately to free the bat from he grip -- until michael push the bat back toward jim' face -- hitting he in the mouth with the narrow end -- drive the bat handle into he mouth -- and out through the back of he head . jim' body quiver a few instant , then hit the ground dead . SARA stare at jim' body , at michael , a beat of unspeakable horror -- then turn and run back into the house . int . house - continuous Sara run through the live room and into the kitchen and out through the back door into : int . garage / control room - continuous where she duck down low behind the control panel . CUT to : int . myles' room - night myle slam down the phone in anger . then he get a idea . he pick up the phone again and quickly hit redial . police dispatcher ( filter ) haddonfield police emergency . myle Officer down ! 45 lampkin Lane ! CUT to : int . garage / control room - night Sara hunch behind the control panel . CUT to : int . myles' room - night myle be again at he computer , watch the grid of view from around the house . finally he can not take it anymore . he get up , grab he jacket and be out the door . int . downstair - night myle 's parent look up as he pass they in the live room . mother myle ? but he be already out the front door . CUT to : int . control room - night Sara remain crouch in the darkness , look around desperately for a way out . angle on doorway as michael appear there . he step inside the control room . anhle on SARA ducking down only yard away . we hear michael' footstep . she look over at : angle on the Mass of electric cable feeding the control panel .... CUT to : ext . street - night where we find myle racing along on he bicycle . he catch up to a delivery truck , grab onto the back bumper and let the truck pull he along as it speed up . CUT to : int . garage / control room - night Michael 's head twitches toward a sound deeper in the room . behind the control panel SARA find the MAIN input cable and pull it from its socket . michael spin toward the control panel as he hear her . SARA duck back down behind the control panel with the cable . she peer back through the Mass of wire and connector as the shape move toward her , homing in on he target like a shark . she look around frantically , noticing : insert charley' giant cup of mochaccino , at the edge of the panel . she reach one hand quietly up to grab the cup , then duck back down as michael move among the cable and hardware , knife glinting in he hand . angle on SARA as she quietly spill the coffee in a puddle on the floor , then tries to hide back behind the control panel as suddenly michael appear above her and he knife slashes viciously down toward her but he arm get caught in the web of connecting cable . wider angle as SARA tries to slip by he in the narrow space as michael thrashes about in the cable , getting entangled , SPARKS flying as he blade slashes through wire and connector . SARA poke at he with the prong of the electrical wire , catch he in the torso and causing he body to spasm even more violently as the knife swing down at her , missing her by inches . finally michael free himself and come after her .... SARA break for the door , dropping the cable into the pool of coffee -- as michael lunge at her ... then stiffen as we hear a crackle . she turn back to the sizzling and sputter . michael stand stiffly in the pool of blood , he back arching ramrod straight as the voltage course through he body . smoke pour from the mask eyehole , until it start melting , merging with he face . SARA watch in horror and relief as finally michael slump as the electricity short out in a explosion of SPARKS , he body held up by the cable in a eerie tableau , arm spread cruciform like a dark messiah of the new millennium . CUT to : int . party - night the plasma screen go black and everybody moan . eric hey ! ripoff ! CUT to : int . garage / control room - night the hot electrical wire suddenly burst into flame and quickly ignite the ancient try timber of the garage . angle on SARA try to run through the obstacle course of cable and electronics and old junk as all around her flaming chunks of wood be falling and bursting into new outbreak of FIRE -- the door be blocked by a heap of burning rubble -- she look around frantically , trapped until -- suddenly a foot crash through the burning wall and a hand reach inside -- myle ( o.s. ) Sara ! she reach for the hand -- ext . garage / control room - continuous myle pull she through the crumble burn wall to safety and they fall to the lawn . in the distance , we finally hear the police and fire engine siren . angle on garage now fully engulfed in flame , popping and crackling . angle on SARA and myle watching as the garage finally erupt in one final spasm of FIRE -- then collapse in on itself , on michael myer , in a conflagration sending flame leaping high into the night sky . angle on SARA and myle , as she turn to he , still out of breath . SARA I get one question . myle what ? SARA who the hell be you ? myle well . um . that might require some explain .... CUT to : aerial view looking down on the myer house from the vantage point of a news helicopter . by now police , FIRE , and ems vehicle be all around , assessing the carnage . we move down to ground level and move past donaldson , who' leaning against a police car . he shirt be unbuttoned and we see the bulletproof vest underneath . one of the haddonfield cop nods at the vest . cop we be suppose to get that . donaldson I highly recommend they . continue moving until we find SARA , wrapped in a ems blanket sitting on the ground beside myle . he look at her , shrug . myle I guess you be probably expect somebody , you know ... taller . sara well , I be accept somebody who shave . myle it 's not like I will not . eventually . SARA actually , it 's pretty funny . myle it be ? SARA my roommate say you be probably fifty and bald . he grin , rub he head . myle get lot of hair . SARA hey . myle what ? SARA you still have not tell I . be deckard you real name ? myle you will think I be lame . SARA no , I will not . myle he 's the hero in " blade runner . " it 's my favorite movie . my real name 's myle . berman . SARA well , myle berman , I think I owe you a mochaccino . they voice slowly fade out as we start moving away from the backyard ... and edge up into the deep black night sky . dissolve to : ext . myer yard - pre-dawn firemen sift through the smoking rubble of the garage . a SMALL crowd of onlooker watch from behind police barricade , among they parent with kide still dressed in halloween regalia . we find donaldson in the middle of the ruins , searching , searching . angle on one of the firemen , shaking he head . fireman nothing here .... Donaldson look over at he . donaldson be it possible there 's nothing leave of he ? that he just burn up ? fireman no way . take three hour at fifteen hundred degree to cremate a body , and you will still find bone fragment . donaldson then he 's get to be in here . go closer to donaldson as he continue the search with intensity , moving among the charree ruins . he lift one fragment of wood then another , finding nothing . with a strange desperation he squat down to pry a blackened beam loose -- but there be nothing underneath but more ember . suddenly he hear a crunch from behind he and turn -- and michael myer be stand behind he with knife upraised -- donaldson fall back into the ash as we go wider to reveal it's just a kid in michael myer costume who somehow got past the police line . he father grab the rubber knife out of he hand and scurry he away . tight on donaldson still catch he breath , spooked . then he look over and find another michael myer stand behind a police car . and another one stand near a tree . angle on donaldson as he look this way and that as suddenly everywhere we see michael myer , all around US , a series of mask , white face and dark jumpsuit in the crowd , on the STREET . be one of they real ? be he escaping in a sea of imitator ? a widening circle find one face . then another . and another . all around US . then suddenly nothing . nothing . hard CUT to black . the end