halloween written by Jeff fradley , Danny McBride &amp ; David Gordon Green superimpose : smith's grove , illinois october 30 ext . smith's grove state hospital . day a cold brick building . isolate . surrounded on all side by barb - wire fencing . a rental car pull up to the security gate . a security guard check the credential of the driver . the Guard nod to the guard booth . the gate open . the rental car drive through . int . security station . smith's grove state hospital . day . close on : a hand hold a microphone . the hand crane the mike around the to pick up sound of maniacal laughter echoing from the corridor . insert of the corresponding inspiration of this sound . reveal : dana haine ( 30' ) , activate a tape recorder . she 's with aaron joseph-korey ( 40 ) ; both scholarly , british . Aaron sign some document at a check -in desk . they look to each other . Aaron speak into she microphone . dana check , check . aaron test , testing . one , two , three . among the security guard , a nurse work behind the security desk of what look to be a minimum security institution . the nurse place a needle on a record player . a joyous song from a 1930 's musical play . Aaron look through the security window and see a doctor write something down and speak to a patient and a guard , kuneman . his ballpoint pen run out of ink . he shake it , discard it and then reach into he lab coat pocket for a more elegant pen to complete he prescription and signature . he glance through the glass at he visitor . dana raise she mic to the door . we hear sound through warpe distortion . then : a loud buzzer snap we back to reality as a ward activate the door lock . close on : the mechanic of the security lock , bar , etc . 2 . a GREEN light flash as the door open and dr . ranbir sartain appear . a psychiatrist with a thick accent . dr . sartain good afternoon . I be Dr. ranbir sartain . dana thank you for take the time to meet with we . we be hope to have this chance before he be transfer to the new facility . Glass Hill be far less accommodate . dr . sartain Glass Hill be the pit of hell . underfunded and short staff . for year he have be keep here to be study . I suppose the state have lose interest in discover anything further . aaron well ... that 's why we be here . dana do you mind if I record this ? dr . sartain ( a smile ) why not ? int . hallway . smith's grove state hospital . day . a loud buzzer as the door shut . sartain escort Aaron and dana down a hall . disturb face of patient pass . many behind bar , other with clinical escort . dana record sartain as they walk . dana how long have you be work with he ? dr . sartain I have examine every case file write on he . I be a scholar of Dr. loomis before he pass away . then I lobbied the University of Illinois to be assign to Michael myself . 3. dana any progress ? dr . sartain he have be see by over 50 clinical psychiatrist . and with each , many different opinion . loomis reason that he be nothing more than pure evil . dana any you agree with this diagnosis ? dr . sartain evil be not a diagnosis . under my care , we implement a holistic form of therapy . since that time , he tendency for violence have essentially be erase . aaron his response to you specific treatment have be effective ? dr . sartain we leave two kitty cat in he cell overnight and both remain unharme . ( a smile ) I hate to disappoint you . Aaron stop walk . aaron so you be tell we that there be no similarity between the murderous maniac that make newspaper headline in 1978 and the amenable patient of this institution ? sartain laugh . dr . sartain Michael myer be a evolve , aging creature like we all be . and although we have work very closely with he , this hall display the limitation of my analysis . loomis see Michael as a beast in the wild . he witness human behavior at its most primal , while the rest of we only have the opportunity of observation in captivity . 4. sartain use a key to open a heavy door that lead into ... ext . courtyard . smith's grove state hospital . day . sartain walk they into a outside courtyard . a few disfigure or disabled resident roam about . dr . sartain we patient get fresh air and sunshine , a view , proper exercise , a healthy diet . it pain I to see he transfer to a less than desirable ' facility . ( pointing ) there he be . he can speak . he just choose not to . Aaron and dana look . we find the shape of a man sixty foot away stand shackle to the ground in the middle of the concrete yard . a yellow painted square create a twenty foot frame around he . tall , strong , age , dress in white . two security officer stand watch . six other patient stand scattered through the yard . aaron I would love to stand near he and get a sense of he awareness ... or lack of awareness . dr . sartain make no mistake . he be aware . he be watch you as you arrive . when he 's not out here in the courtyard , he walk from this window to that window , to the other . observe thing . Aaron and dana look curiously to each other . dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) ( to aaron ) and perhaps you would like to tie you leave shoelace . Mr tovoli , the gentleman with the umbrella , have a fixation for such thing . underestimate no one . a patient hold a umbrella in the sunshine bite a fingernail and smile at they . embarrass , Aaron bend down to tie he clean white sneaker . 5 . dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) step up to the yellow line . no further . do not pass the line under any circumstance . sartain look to the security guard for reassurance and then walk Aaron and dana to the yellow line on the concrete . the shape stand with he back to they . sartain call out : dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) Michael . I have some people who would like to meet you . Aaron clear he throat . aaron Michael . my name be Aaron . I have follow you case for year , and I still know very little about you . I want to know more about that night . about that involved . the shape be motionless . aaron ( cont 'd ) do you think of they ? feel guilt about they fate ? nothing . Aaron look back to dana with a shrug . she hesitantly step forward to join she partner . aaron ( cont 'd ) do you remember Laurie strode ? the shape stretch he finger and then rest he hand at he side . sartain notice . aaron ( cont 'd ) do she remind you of you sister , Michael ? be that why you choose she ? the shape half turn , as if he 's go to respond ... but then do not . Aaron look back to sartain . he nod to Aaron to go ahead . Aaron look to dana . she unzip she bag . 6 . aaron ( cont 'd ) I borrow something from a friend at the Attorney General 's office . something I would like you to see . Aaron 's hand go inside dana 's shoulder bag and pull out a portion of a white halloween mask . familiar . sartain look to see this exchange . Aaron hold the mask out before he . the shape make no movement . the other patient become restless . pace madly . dana look around , concerned . Aaron do not lower the mask . aaron ( cont 'd ) you recognize this , do not you , Michael ? how do it make you feel ? say something . a few of the patient start scream . test they restraint like rabid animal . dana look to sartain . he be concerned . more patient join in , stomping and scream , get louder and louder . Aaron shout back to the shape . aaron ( cont 'd ) say something ! the courtyard have be work into a frenzied chorus of madness , but the shape remain still . MAIN title sequence : halloween int . closet . nelson house . early morning . camera inside a closet with thin wooden slat . a beautiful girl , allyson nelson ( 17 ) , appear as the door open . her face have a soft innocent quality . eye be bright and alive . she pull the closet light switch string . the light bulb flicker but do not turn on . she pull the switch again ; nothing . she rummage through the shirt and pick out a workout jacket , close the closet door behind she . 7. int . allyson's bedroom . nelson house . morning . allyson make she bed . the decor of she room be that of a young woman with artifact of childhood linger . ext . neighborhood . sunrise . allyson go for a jog . ext . bend in road . neighborhood . morning . allyson jog past a chain link fence in front of a house . a dog bark ferociously . a little startle , she take a deep breath and continue down the street . ext . community garden . morning . allyson jog by a residential community garden . Flowers , vegetable , etc . much of it dead . a bangladeshi woman wrap a plant to protect it from the weather of the off season . int . kitchen . nelson house . morning . ray nelson , 45 , open up a kitchen cabinet and set a mouse trap with peanut butter . ray you see this ? I switch from marshmallow fluff to peanut butter . we will see if the little devil snatch it . shanah nelson , 38 , make breakfast . she life life . the beauty and heart behind she eye be hide . allyson enter try to fix a break zipper on she school bag . the traffic play on a radio with lighthearted disc jockey . compete with that , a television be on with a infomercial . shanah I reschedule my last session , so I will be able to make it tonight . allyson you do not have to do that . it 's not that big of a deal . 8. ray of course it be . you get into National honor Society . it 's a very big deal . ( beat ) I be top of my shop class , make ashtray and birdhouse . Ray load up another mouse trap . shanah and I be look forward to meeting cameron . ray I know he father lonnie and he uncle James . the entire elam family have a ... reputation . shanah ( shoot a look ) Ray , c'mon . ray what ?! you know about he situation , right ? it 's a relevant factor . the whole household be -- the mouse trap snap in Ray 's hand , smash he finger . Ray jump , startle . his finger bleed . ray ( cont 'd ) goddamn it ! allyson ( laughing ) that 's not fair , dad . cameron be not like that . he 's a nice guy Ray walk to the sink to wash he finger . ray I be not say he 's not nice . it 's just - you be too smart to go out with troublemaker and dip shit . allyson you be right . ( beat ) do you guy invite grandmother like you say you would ? shanah look to Ray . they make eye . 9 . shanah I do . talk to she yesterday . she 's not go to be able to make it . allyson zip up she back - pack and give she mom a look . allyson really ? Ray kiss he hurt finger and give shanah a nervous look . shanah she 's agoraphobic . in serious need of cognitive ... um ... behavioral - a buzzer ring . allyson vicky 's here . I gotta go . Ray turn off the sink and stare awkwardly at he wife . ext . neighborhood . morning . close on a jack -o-lantern . dave ( 17 ) take a hit off a joint and blow smoke through the top . it billow through the eye . Dave get a cough fit and hustle to keep up with he friend . vicky ( 17 ) walk in front of he . she 's a outspoken intellectual . do not take any shit . allyson walk with they . allyson my mom be a liar . she tell I she invite my grandmother tonight but she do not . vicky how do you know ? allyson she never even call she . dave that 's bullshit . vicky what 's you mom 's deal ? why would she say that ? 10 . allyson she just try to keep I away from she . say she turn into a nutcase this time of year . vicky you grandmother be Laurie strode . if I be she I would not celebrate either . I would put up a Christmas tree instead . just skip over all the spooky Halloween shit , right ? dave ( stoned rambling ) jumping to Thanksgiving would make sense . puritans , cornucopias , plague , starvation , slaughtering the Indians . that stuff be not creepy at all . vicky do she ever talk around it ? allyson pretty much all she talk about . it define she life . she 's be in shock ever since . you should see she house . vicky freaky . dave be not it she brother that kill that baby -sitter ? allyson no . I think people make up the bit about they be related because it make they feel better . like it could not happen to anyone . vicky to have a bunch of you friend get slaughter by some random crazy person ... how awful . dave be it though ? I just feel like the universe have way worse shit now . one dude just kill a few people , I do not know . 11 . vicky her grandmother be a bad ass and be almost fuck murder , Dave ! dave and she escape ! and he be catch ! he 's like super incarcerate right now . it 's not like the worst thing that have happen to a person . by today 's standard . vikcy stop and turn . vicky shut up , Dave . stop talk . dave I be sorry . I sense myself go on a rant and do not know how to eject . sorry . he see another jack -o- lantern in front of a house . dave ( cont 'd ) cool if I explode this pumpkinhead ? vicky yes , please . allyson take the top off . allyson go for it . Dave light a firecracker , stuff it into the jack -o- lantern and plant it on the sidewalk . it start to sizzle . dave wooooo ! happy Halloween ! it explode as they run away . ext . make - shift shoot range . laurie' property . day . grouped shot strike with precision in the heart of a target . holding a smoking gun , year of anxiety cut through a beautiful face . the dark circle under the eye show a life fill with lidless night . this be laurie strode ( 57 ) , for better or worse . she 's surround by wilderness except for the sack with barrel and target and department store mannequin . 12. she set the gun down , pull a bottle of pill out of she pocket and tap one into she mug of coffee . she drink , wipe she mouth , pick up a different gun . a high power semi- automatic weapon . she fire at the stage mannequin . they head and body erupt into shrapnel . ext . farm house . laurie' property . day . Laurie drive a atv . it roll to the farm house with a flat tire . she come to a stop to examine the issue . we notice that the downstairs window have bar cover up the glass for security . wind chime give a tranquil feel to the fortify compound . int . farm house . live room . day a series of shot : Laurie disassemble and clean she firearm like a pro . she wear a tank top that reveal a scar across she shoulder . ext . country road . day a rental car drive down a road through a isolate forest and pull up to a gate . i./e. rental car . day Aaron speak into a recorder as he drive . dana hold a map . dana what be it we be after ? aaron to see the animal inside its environment . I fear there have be no rehabilitation . in this case it seem one monster create another . a victim lock herself away . imprison by she own fear . we goal be to get they in a room together . can we find a form of rehabilitation if she face he again ? dana here we be . 13. Aaron and dana stop the car and look to a intercom next to a overflow mail box . dana ( cont 'd ) you might want this . she hold out a envelope of cash . aaron journalist do not pay for interview , dana . this be she fifteen minute of fame . there be two people in this world that care about she and they be both in this car . dana ( note she file ) she 's financially unstable . have every job you can think of for the last forty year from catering to cosmetology . currently unemployed . int . laurie' house . day . dirty dish be overflow in the kitchen . the rest of she home be not much better . book and supplies stack every where . Laurie clean a Smith and wesson revolver . she open the cylinder and see a single fastball inside . she take out the bullet and consider it . she put it back and spin the cylinder . engage . she cock the hammer . a buzz startles she . Laurie eyeball four black and white security camera monitor . she look to the arrival of she uninvite guest . ext . gate entrance . laurie' property . day a speaker hiss to life . laurie ( o.s. ) can I help you ? Aaron struggle to reach the " press to speak " button . it 's too far so he open he door just a bit . aaron yes . we be look for Laurie strode . 14 . laurie ( o.s. ) who ? aaron my name be Aaron Joseph korey and - um ... we be work on a um ... on a podcast . laurie ( o.s. ) good for you . dana ( leaning over ) we be investigative journalist . aaron if you have a moment . we have travel a long way to speak with you . no response . aaron ( cont 'd ) we will pay you for you time . still nothing . dana hand Aaron a orange envelope . dana how do three thousand dollar sound ? after a pause , the gate buzze open . dana give Aaron a look as they drive through the gate . int . laurie' house . day . Laurie , Aaron and dana be seat . dana press record on she recording device . dana you have live here since 1985 . laurie sound about right . dana ( look around ) do you feel isolate ? laurie I do not . 15 . aaron you tell yourself that you be protect you family . that if he come for you again you have distance yourself from everyone that you love . Laurie do not respond . a awkward moment . dana nod at Aaron and step in . dana Aaron and I have make several award win public radio expose . we last project shed fresh light on a murder case from twenty year ago . we like to re-examine incident with a unbiase lens . when people be willing to face a thing in a different light over time , new truth can sometimes emerge . I believe there be a lot to learn from the horror you experience . laurie there 's nothing to re-examine . nothing to learn from something that happen forty year ago . aaron so be he real ? laurie who ? aaron the boogeyman . I have read you quoated - laurie you do not believe in the boogeyman ? aaron I believe in Michael myer , a derange serial killer . but the boogeyman ? laurie well , you should . aaron we have archival recording of Dr. loomis from after that horrific night . 16 . aaron ( cont 'd ) his intellect be overcome with abstract and apocalyptic observation . laurie he just want Michael dead and no one would listen . dana Michael myer be a human be that kill he sister when he be six year old . and then he come after you ... we want to know why . we want a glimpse inside he mind . that 's why you story be important . laurie my story ? aaron two fail marriage . a rocky family relationship with you daughter and grandaughter . among other issue ... dana Aaron ! Aaron nod to a few empty pill bottle strewn about . laurie it 's interesting that Michael kill five people and he 's a human be . I be twice divorced and I be a basket case . aaron ( hesitantly ) my apology . Laurie get up and scavenge aimlessly . laurie I have nothing but vague , very blemish memory of that night . the insight you be here for do not exist . Aaron nod . aaron they be transfer he . 17 . laurie I know . tomorrow . dana he will be lock away till the end of he day . laurie that 's the idea . aaron do you surrender any effort of rehabilitation ? laurie - because everyone know 40 year be when you typically turn the corner . dana switch gear . dana let 's talk about when the state come to take you daughter away . she be twelve year old . they say you be unfit mother . how long until you regain custody ? laurie I do not . but I bet you know that . Laurie look out the front door window to the outside . get lose in it . aaron Mrs strode . we want you to sit down with he . sit with Michael in a safe environment . he will not talk to anybody ... but he might speak to you . finally you can get the chance to say what you have always want to say to he . come with we . let we help you free yourself . laurie time 's up . I will accept my payment . Aaron pull the orange envelope out . he take it to she . she count it , then open the front door and look to the tree . laurie ( cont 'd ) with you journalistic insight , I be sure you will be able to find you way out . 18. we dawdle on Laurie in a moment of contemplation . int . hallway . high school . morning . the bell ring . allyson close she locker with a handful of book and turn to be startle by a figure stand behind she . we reveal cameron elam ( 17 ) . cameron ( disguise voice ) gottcha ! allyson drop she book . allyson cameron . Jesus . cameron help she pick up she book . cameron I get you , babe . do you have everything for you costume tomorrow night ? bonnie and clyde must roll as one . allyson I be just think about tonight . cameron tonight ? come on . I think you be joke when you say you parent be old fashioned . allyson be nice . it will be nice . I just want you to meet they . I be more old fashioned than they be . just do not make they like you too much . I like to keep they on edge . she grin and give he a kiss . close on the kiss . oscar ( o.s. ) slow down , smoochy . give I a slice . cameron and allyson pull apart to reveal oscar ( 17 ) a fast - talk slime ball with charm . he give they each a kiss on the cheek . cameron dude , you get you chap lip crusty all over I , man . 19 . oscar you have everything for you costume tomorrow night ? tango and Cash must roll as one . oscar put on chap stick . cameron um ... oscar what ? you say we be go as sly and kurt , bro . you say we be do this Halloween dance thing . what 's up ? you be ditching I now ? oscar get cameron in a headlock and drive he into the wall . allyson roll she eye . allyson I will see you lovebird later . ( to cameron ) and I well see you tonight . she walk off shaking she head with a smile . a girl , kim , give she a funny look from across the hall . int . community CENTER . day . close on shanah . she lead a discussion for a group of at risk child ( age 7 - 10 ) that sit with they head on a table in a counseling session . each have home made puppet that speak they emotion . one kid try to untangle a yo - yo . child # 1 I be Bradley and I get angry at the rain . child # 2 when my brother come home from school I get scared cuz he bring the guy to fight and throw people through wall . child # 3 put she marionette down and raise she head . child # 3 if you run away from home then you have no one to hurt you . 20 . shanah we need to look at that who love we for protection and comfort but listen to we feeling . we all have live through difficult situation and be confront with bad people from time to time , but by use we voice we can overcome we problem . ext . community CENTER . day . it 's a facility in a run-down neighborhood . middle age community member play basketball as kid from shanah 's therapy load onto a van ushere away by she assistant . Laurie pull up in she small pick - up truck . int . community CENTER . day . shanah stand in she office watch a chatter tooth toy on she desk as she pack up she file . laurie ( o.s. ) shanah . I need to talk to you . shanah take a final sip off coffee and glance up . not expect to see Laurie . shanah well hello mother . New glass ? laurie allyson reach out to I - shanah I specifically tell you you be not to have any communication with she . laurie I can not control who call I . she 's she own person and she 's make she own decision . shanah what do she reach out to you about ? laurie join you tonight . 21 . shanah interesting . I guess she have not pick up on the fact that you ... raise I . laurie I raise you the way I do for you own protection and you be tell I I ruin you life ? ( beat ) as a mental health care professional , I would hope you could empathize in some way . shanah leave she office with a empty coffee mug . shanah ( o.s. ) I have hear this before . Laurie sink . int . community CENTER . office kitchen . continuous . shanah put she mug in the dishwasher . Laurie appear , hold the yo-yo the kid be try to untangle . she untangle it to deflect herself from the issue . laurie Michael myer be leave Smith Grove . I have spend year petition for he transfer . he will spend the rest of he life at a prison in Colorado . I be go to do what I can to put my past behind I . it 's be forty year . I just want to come here today and tell you that . she take a moment in attempt to connect . shanah I be happy that you be ready to put you past behind you , but I have get to figure out if I can put we past behind I . Laurie turn to leave . shanah switch gear . shanah ( cont 'd ) Mom , wait . ( beat ) 22. shanah ( cont 'd ) allyson be be reward at school tonight and then we be go to have a family dinner after . it 's important to she . she want you to come . so ... ( beat ) I think you should come . the two strong woman stand in hopeful silence . int . motel room . night . Aaron and dana sit in they motel room go over Dr. loomis ' file . they have research article , essay , forensic exhibit , photo of Laurie and she family , etc . Aaron hit play on a tape recorder . the recording be old and wobbly -- muffle . state doctor ( recording ) ... Dr. Samuel loomis , January 1979 . do you wish to give a statement regard you former patient Michael myer ? dr . loomis ( recording ) my suggestion be termination . intercut with ... int . cell . smith's grove state hospital . night a door open and a slit of light reveal the shape stand with he back to we , face the wall . kuneman enter . he 's with a young guard , haskell . kuneman a-2201 . myer , Michael . dr . loomis ( recording ) a shot of sodium thiopental would render he unconscious . int . hallway . smith's grove state hospital . day . the shape 's foot shuffle down the hall . the other patient in line face the wall chatter in they clinical attire . 23. haskell stand up ! hand up ! shut up ! dr . loomis ( recording ) then a shot of potassium chloride to stop he heart . he would go quietly , without incident . haskell hand on the wall ! kuneman read more name from a check - list : kuneman a-2209 Aaron White ... a- 2217 Anthony Murphy . a-2243 - Jeffrey neundorf . a loud buzzer sound . ext . loading area . smith's grove state hospital . night kuneman and haskell walk the line of 12 patient outside , include a wild - eye man , lynch , walk behind the shape . dr . loomis ( recording ) I will be with he to make sure he life be end . my ear on he chest to hear for myself that he vital no longer function . at that point with the help of a coroner we will extract the brain for we study and then incinerate the body . the line of patient walk to a secure transport bus where a armed driver check he own list . the patient load on the bus . Doctor sartain walk up just as the shape step up in line . dr . sartain do not worry , Michael . I will be by you side . int . transport bus . continuous . angle on a rearview mirror as sartain enter by the armed Driver sit at the wheel . 24 . sartain take note with he elegant pen and look down the aisle at the twelve patient in they seat . the shape sit in a middle seat . dr . loomis ( recording ) it need to die . it want to die ! sartain sit in the seat behind the driver and observe haskell and kuneman secure shackle . haskell a-7367 secure . all clear . kuneman walk to sartain up front . he shut the metal barricade that separate the patient from the guard . kuneman still not sure why you be here . dr . sartain Michael myer be my patient until he be in somebody else 's care . I be see my duty through till the end . as haskell secure Lynch , Lynch start scream . haskell hit he in the gut , and settles he back in the seat . kuneman buckle up , Dr. sartain . dr . loomis ( recording ) there 's nothing to be win from keep evil alive and gestate . kuneman signal the driver . sartain flick he pen and watch the shape gaze out the window as the bus depart . ext . smith's grove state hospital . continuous . as the bus drive out the front gate , we reveal : Laurie sit in she car outside the facility . she watch the shape be drive out . dr . loomis ( recording ) destruction be the only solution for Michael . a quiet death before it kill again ... 25 . as the bus disappear , Laurie have a moment to herself . she pull a bottle of pill out from she purse and take one . laurie put the boogeyman to bed now , will you kiddo ? she hold she head and watch the security gate close , struggle with the complexity of the moment . int . mall / italian restaurant . night . shanah , allyson , Ray , and cameron sit in a booth at a italian joint . allyson 's honor award sit on the table . allyson you say she be go to come . shanah she say she would . she come to my office . we have a nice talk . allyson do you really have a talk ? shanah I be be honest with you . we all have to be truthful from now on no matter how much it might hurt we . ray allyson 's grandmother have have some struggle , cameron . cameron we have a lot of addiction in family too . a lot of troubled individual . shanah can not we have a nice dinner now ? Ray nod and look at cameron who sympathize . ray cameron , do you know I go to school with you father ? he use to sell I peyote . allyson dad ! 26 . ray it 's true . I learn a lot about myself . cameron he , um ... he 's weird . shanah come on Ray , that 's like a massive over - share for we new friend . ( change the subject ) do you have any special all hallow 's Eve plan ? allyson look to cameron . shanah ( cont 'd ) why do not you and cameron have a little fun tomorrow night . I hear there 's a thing at school . what be it , a dance or something ? shanah and Ray smile knowingly . shanah ( cont 'd ) mom talk too . everyone be happy for a moment . laurie ( o.s. ) there you guy be . Laurie walk up . she 's a little buzze , twitchy , sniffle . shanah Mom ? allyson hey ! I do not think you be come . Laurie look to allyson and wink . laurie wrapped up later than expect . Laurie look to cameron . laurie ( cont 'd ) and you must be the new heart throb . what 's you name ? Laurie hold out she hand . cameron shake it . 27 . cameron cameron elam . Nice to meet you . laurie he 's get a firm handshake . not wet and clammy like ray' . ray wonderful to see you , Laurie . we be casually get to know cameron here and we be have a nice little celebration in honor of ally - laurie we have all get something to celebrate tonight , do not we ? how be the ceremony ? shanah it be very nice . want to have a seat , Mom ? Laurie notice allyson 's honor award and pick it up . shanah ( cont 'd ) ( discreet ) what be you on ? allyson Mom ! Laurie grab a chair and pull it up next to they table . laurie I be use to it . I be a bad mom when I do not show up and a bad mom when I do . shanah stop it . reset . let 's start over . laurie yes . I agree . where 's the waiter so I can get a drink ? I mean if I look the part ... right ? ( loudly ) hello ? waiter ? drink ? do anybody work here ?! shanah stop it . we be just about to get the check actually . 28 . allyson no we be not . laurie I be sure cameron could use a stiff one . she look at he . he look nervous . laurie ( cont 'd ) Ray be throw you the 3rd degree about you family ? have you sleep with my granddaughter yet , son ? cameron be speechless . shanah Mom ! ray that 's enough ! laurie Jesus , I be just kid . anyway , where be this waiter ?? Laurie stand to get service just as the waiter be walk past with a tray of food . Laurie 's head lift right into the tray send glass and plate shatter loudly . everyone in the restaurant look . allyson 's eye fill with tear of embarrassment . Laurie continue walk out the door . allyson turn she head to see she grandmother walk toward the busy street and stop just before get hit by car . horn blare . allyson run out . she carefully cross to join she grandmother and they share a embrace . pre - lap : the sound of radio static blast . int . bronco ( moving ) . night . a father ( 40' ) drive with he college football ranting son ( 14 ) in the passenger seat . Father fiddle with the radio . father I can not reception on this thing ever since the antenna be bent at the car wash . 29 . son imagine if they have win last week . they get hit with the 18th- rank offense , but they totally get wrong ball protection . they have season - worst mark of negative - eight rush yard , 295 total yard and five turnover . randall score twenty - eight point off that takeaway , include 21 in the decisive second half . Father turn off the radio in frustration . father dammit ! can not we just listen to the silence ? son dad , look out ! the Father hard break the truck , skid to a stop . reveal : a man with a haunted face in a patient be gown stand in the middle of the road look at they . father what the hell happen to you , hoss ? son oh shit , dad . look . the Father turn to he leave and see several wandering patient on the side of the road . the transport bus be just off the road near a thicket of tree . emergency light blinking in the darkness . father stay here lumpy . I will check it out . the Father grab a mag light from the glove - box and a rifle from he gun rack and exit . father ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey ! you okay ? you fella all right ? want some help out here ? the Son call 911 . the haunted patient wander away . another one slap the glass of he window and smile . the Son shake he head `no ' . 30 . son ( into phone ) yes ? hello ? yes . there 's be a accident or something ... there 's a bus . people run around in the road ... lemme check . the Son look out the window where he see a mile marker . son ( cont 'd ) yeah . look like mile 227 . - yes . that back road just past Old willard_bridge . -- my dad go to look . I do not know -- hold on . I will go check ... the Son open he door . he get out . all be silent . son ( cont 'd ) dad ? the patient be go . no sign of he father . he reach back in the truck and grab the second rifle . he walk across the tall grass of the empty field toward the bus . suddenly a arm reach out of the grass and grab the boy by the ankle . the boy gasp . he look down to see a near lifeless kuneman with he arm outstretch . kuneman help . the boy look at the bloody victim lie in the grass . son the police be on they way . what happen ? where 's my dad ? kuneman gnarl something and spit blood . son ( cont 'd ) I can not understand . kuneman spit more blood . son ( cont 'd ) wait there . I will get my dad . kuneman no. run ... kuneman pass out . the boy look around , aim he gun . 31 . son dad ? daddy ?! he take aim and step toward the open door of the bus and see the dead driver . he step onto the bus and look to the back . suddenly , sartain rise from under a seat . dr . sartain do not shoot . blam ! without hesitation , the kid shoot sartain in the shoulder . sartain fall . son aw ffff -! the kid panic and sprint back to the truck . he climb in the driver 's seat , turn the key in the ignition . from behind he , the shape appear inside the truck , grab he by the throat and attack . ext . strip mall / italian restaurant . night shanah console a upset allyson as cameron and Ray walk away from Laurie 's truck . she drive away . shanah you need to know this . I be raise to trust no one . we house be a bunker and I live on lockdown my entire childhood . we would hide in the basement every time the paranoia set in . I still have nightmare about that room . she do not let I go to school . instead she train I to shoot and fight until social service come and take I away . I choose to forget the neurosis she plant in my head . Ray approach and hand allyson the orange envelope that Aaron give Laurie . ray she tell I to give you this . allyson what be it ? allyson turn away and look inside the envelope and see the cash , then look to cameron who stand near . 32 . shanah it 's like she 's spend she entire adult life prepare for the past . she life every day in fear he 's come back . Ray give he wife a supportive kiss on the forehead . int . convenience store . night . close on a pinball machine as the flipper and light animate the bell and buzzer . reveal officer frank hawkins ( 63 ) , a uniform police officer in full command of he evening 's amusement . this be a aggressive game at a corner convenience store . corey and stanford stand beside coach he move . shameel , a employee , fill up drink at the slushy fountain nearby . shameel yo hawkins , you want that strawberry slushy or blue raspberry slushy ? officer hawkins I be in wizard mode , shameel . get I a coffee if you do not mind . thanks . I will get you back . hawkins get frustrated and slap the machine . corey another loss for hot fuzz ! stanford if the ball come down loose , do not hit that bounce pass . it 's gonna hit off that break flipper then whack the bottom of the slingshot and go down the middle . a new ball emerge as hawkins ' radio squawk . radio ( o.s. ) dispatch to unit 601 . we have a 1050 on marla Road . please respond . officer hawkins ( into radio ) copy dispatch . I be on my way . 33. shameel hand hawkins a coffee as he hurry off . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) thanks man . hey Corey , take over my game . corey hot fuzz personify , bear to lose . ext . rural road . night . Officer hawkins pull up to the site of the transport bus . hawkins get out of he squad car . he have a strong , confident build , but warily approach . the patient be go . officer hawkins sheriff 's Department ! if you need assistance , please let yourself be know ! hawkins look and see kuneman dead on the side of the road . he speak into he radio . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) signal 13 . I have a officer down . Officer down . I need assistance . send back - up right away . he reach back into he car and pull out a scatter gun with a surefire weapon-light . he approach the scene . see something near the back end of the bus that catch he eye . there be a figure sit in the glare of the blink red light , look upward . hawkins shine he light onto the figure . it do not move . hawkins see that it 's the father , dead , sit with he head tilt too far back , mouth agape . he shine the beam on the Father 's neck and see the bumpy bone push up on the neck underneath , snap . hawkins turn to see the Son , dead in a pool of blood . he kneel next to the boy to check for a pulse . none . he hear a voice from inside the bus . the back door be open . hawkins climb up and see : dr . sartain , shell shocked in the aisle bleed from the gunshot . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) show you hand !! 34 . dr . sartain ( weak ) I can not . with he gun light , hawkins see that sartain be chain to a seat . he climb onto the bus . sartain heave for breath . officer hawkins sir. help be come . stay with I ! sartain look up at the Officer , he eye wild and open . dr . sartain do he ... do he escape ? officer hawkins who ? do who escape ? sartain softly close he eye as we hear siren in the distance ... CUT to black . superimpose : october 31 , halloween int . motel . bathroom . morning . dana take a shower . through the steam of the hot water , she rinse she hair and close she eye . we watch the water roll down the drain . we see the bathroom door open slowly and a figure enter . stand still behind the shower curtain be the body of a man in the mask . he stand a beat and then pull the curtain back . aaron room for one more ? dana laugh . dana take that hideous thing off . Aaron take off the mask and put it on the counter . aaron when I wear this , there be a certain tendency or inclination that the legacy of the mask seem to inspire . 35 . dana please do not murder I . aaron ( with cheese ) I would never . I need you smile . Aaron step into the shower and give dana a kiss . the tv set in the other room cast a glow . ext . neighborhood . morning . allyson jog down the sidewalk through she neighborhood . ext . community garden . morning . allyson run by the community garden . a handheld camera imply a observer from behind some stand plant . ext . neighborhood . morning . as allyson jog on , she notice a few people congregate by a large tree . they be look at something . onlooker # 1 who in the hell would do this ? onlooker # 2 it 's awful . allyson join everyone look up at something horrible -- a dead dog hang by he neck from a tree branch . the same heel that bark at she the day before . allyson be visibly upset . a neighbor reach up to touch it . allyson notice a vehicle down the street . it 's the familiar bronco . behind she , the onlooker struggle to get the dog down . ext . laurie' house . morning . Laurie awaken in she truck . tire after a tough night . she look at herself in the rearview mirror . 36 . int . laurie' house . morning . Laurie make coffee . the local news play on the tv . news reporter ( on tv ) Police have not determine the cause of the accident , but we do know there be multiple fatality . Laurie turn to look at the tv . news reporter ( cont 'd ) ( on tv ) accord to source , authority have send personnel from a local state hospital . at this time , we do not know why . close on : police scanner turn on , bolt lock spin top and bottom of door . a knife sheath be click onto Laurie 's belt . the canvas curtain be zipped . Laurie walk over to a island in the kitchen . she turn the island counter - clockwise to reveal a door in the floor . she open the door and look into the darkness of a storm shelter below . she climb down a ladder and slip into the shelter . a light flick on . the door shut behind she ext . mt. sinclair cemetery . day . creep through the tall brown grass , we find Aaron and dana walk through expansive row of crooked tombstone . they walk with the caretaker , who lead they . caretaker my cousin work at a graveyard not too far from here . they get War Generals , philanthropist , a beatnik poet . they get muddy Waters and bernie Mac . people come from all over to pay respects . but this gal from haddonfield . this be we only claim to fame . they come to a grave and stop . dana kneel down in front of the grave and look at the name : judith myer . 37 . caretaker ( cont 'd ) maybe you can explain to I what 's so spectacular about judith myer . dana be in a zone . transfix with the history of this place , she speak into she recorder . dana ... as she sit comb she hair . unaware . her six year old brother creep in quietly with a kitchen knife . a look of disgust on the caretaker 's face . caretaker damn . Aaron join in . she hand he the recorder . aaron he then proceed to slice the base of she skull down to she spinal chord , here ... ( demonstrate on self ) ... then she turn and raise she hand in self - defense . he continue stabbing into the artery and nerve of she palm , like so ... ( point to palm ) once she collapse , three more stab in she sternum , pierce she heart . the caretaker look put off by the vivid story . caretaker I do not know about sternum . all I know be we have have to replace this stone two time , people come around and put demon pentagram and voodoo shit on it . every Halloween . crazy coconut . dana pull out a camera and snap some picture of the grave . reveal : the shape watch from across the cemetery , unbeknownst to Aaron and dana . 38 . ext . service station . day . Aaron pump gas at a service station . dana have she research spread out on the back seat of the car . she ponder headline from newspaper clipping in she binder . Aaron look up and see a church van at the pump opposite he . in the back seat be a elderly woman stare at he out she window . reveal Pov : the Old woman be actually look behind aaron where she see the shape step out of the bronco . a man in white patient attire . Aaron do not see as the shape walk into the open garage where the mechanic work . dana if we could get that initial police transcript from the press conference and post-conviction proceedings we might have a great prologue for we story . dana get out of the car and go to Aaron . aaron we have access to brackett 's personal journal on Michael as well as city record . dana what be you wait for ? dana head inside . she walk past a open garage where a mechanic in a jumpsuit work to put a tire on to a wheel . Aaron see the Old woman still stare . the Old woman 's daughter and grandson get in the van . Aaron watch they drive off . int . garage . service station . day dana walk in . dana bathroom ? cashier back out around the side . 39 . she go to the bathroom at the side of the station . int . bathroom . service station . day . dana take a paper towel from the dispenser and walk toward the stall . she use the tissue to push the first door open . she grimace and head to the second stall . not much better . she continue to the third stall and push the door open . it 's acceptable . she enter the stall , place the paper towel on the bowl , pull down she pants and sit down . as dana sit on the toilet , she see graffiti scrawle on the stall : " amazing grace come sit on my face . do not make I cry , I need you ... pie " she pull out a pencil , scratch out " pie " and change it to " smile " . she chuckle to herself as she hear the sound of the bathroom door open . footstep walk on the tile floor . slam -- the first stall door open . dana flinch , hear : breathing . the footstep move closer -- slam . the second stall door open . ext . service station . day . at the pump , Aaron see a handwritten sign that say , " please pay inside " . he walk to the check - out and see that the mechanic have have he jaw break and he teeth knocked out . his uniform have be remove . aaron dana ?! Aaron cautiously step into the garage . he look past a truck with the hood open and see the legs of the another mechanic protrude out of a office door . Aaron grab a crow bar off the workbench . 40 . int . bathroom . service station . day . dana stare at a pair of dirty boot outside she stall door . the shape , wear a mechanic' jumpsuit . dana Excuse I . someone 's in here . she watch as a hand reach over the door and a dozen bloody , ripped out teeth drop and scatter onto the floor . she look up -- two hand grab the top of the stall door . the hand begin use force to pull and push the door . she can hear the metal distort under pressure . she pull she pants back on and slide to the ground , scramble to crawl underneath into the succeed stall ... dana crawl on she stomach as the stall door be rip open behind she . as she lie underneath she get pulled backward . she struggle to hold onto the stall divider . two hand grip her ankle . she kick as hard as she can . her kick frees she . she quickly jump up and shut the stall door . lock it . the shape bang on the door . Beyond the shape 's foot , dana sees the bathroom door swing OPEN -- Aaron 's white sneaker step in . one of the sneaker lace untied . dana ( cont 'd ) Aaron ?! aaron oh bollock . she hear a crowbar whack the shape three swift time . aaron ( cont 'd ) down ! down ! down ! dana no !!! 41 . Foot entangle , the shape struggle with Aaron . she hear Aaron be choke . a crowbar clang on the tile . just within reach , she grab the crowbar and pull it back . she look over as Aaron be slam into the stall door . she see the shape' foot and drive the crowbar into he boot . dana ( cont 'd ) aaron -- aaron ( whisper ) what have we do . Aaron be yank away . she see Aaron 's sneaker pull up out of view . the shape drag Aaron . a loud crash and shatter mirror rain on the tile floor . dana Aaron !!! we hear a violent pound pound pound on the stall door ; it 's the shape use Aaron 's body as a batter ram . dana scream -- boom -- the door fly open , knock the crow bar out of she hand . the shape throw Aaron and we follow he as he land in a corner by the trash can . his head hit hard on the tile floor . his open eye face we . Aaron be bloody and twitching in pain . the shape be in the stall with dana . she be yank up . we only see she head grip by the shape . struggle as he choke she . Aaron be useless on the ground . he 's alive , he finger reach out as dana go lifeless . int . service station . day . the cashier lay across the counter . on the transistor radio next to he we hear the local news do a spooky all hallow 's Eve version of the weather report . 42 . look outside the shop window , we see the shape digging deep down in the trunk of Aaron 's car at the pump . ext . service station . day . from inside the rental car we see the research binder . tilt up to see : the shape as he pick up he mask and put it on . it 's a eerie sight to behold . he breathes . int . room . hospital . day . Dr. sartain lie in bed with he eye close , bandage around he shoulder . Officer hawkins stand at he bedside . sheriff barker ( 60' ) enter with two coffee . sheriff barker still wait to id the patient we find to see who 's who . almost all account for . found two of they try to check they e-mail at the local library and three other hold hand and chase butterfly by the flea market off 220 . any word from rip van winkle over there ? the sheriff sip he coffee . officer hawkins not yet . the nurse say he 's be in and out . lose a lot of blood . somehow manage to fall on a bullet . I be try to get the story . because here 's my concern : take a look at this list . hawkins hand he the list . sheriff scan it . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) most of the passenger be minor offender . mental patient . close on list . sheriff 's thumb glide over name . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) one stick out . a-2201 . 43. close on list . sheriff 's thumb glide back up , land on " a - 220 . myer , Michael " officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) Michael myer . the babysitter murder , 1978 . it 's forty year to the day . you think this be a coincidence or part of some great plan ? the sheriff look at sartain lay there . sheriff barker look Frank , I do not need to incite panic until we have all the fact . myer loose with a bunch of nutbag in haddonfield on Halloween night be a fuck joke if it 's not legit . it sound like a joke . it would ruin we department . and if it be legit . if myer do escape , we be gonna have a serious circus on we hand . hawkins look at the sheriff . sheriff barker ( cont 'd ) I mean , what be we gonna do , cancel Halloween ? the sheriff laugh . hawkins there 's a reason we be suppose to be afraid of this night . hawkins ' radio squawk . dispatch ( through radio ) dispatch to 601 . dispatch to 601 . ext . high school . parking lot . afternoon . end of the school day . various costume cheerleader drive by . they be pile in a convertible and honk the horn . vicky and ally walk with Dave . Dave carry vicky 's back pack . vicky so , bad news . I can not go to the dance tonight . 44 . allyson serious ? vicky I get a call to baby -sit . they need somebody at the last minute . allyson I get it . you do not let up about I go and then you back out ? vicky it 's good for you to go . you be go out with cameron now . you will hang with he friend . it 's he scene . you can not just use homework as a excuse , can you ? can you ?! allyson maybe I like do - I be not be anti-social . I be just ... reserve . dave you be sheepish , only like in a very fresh way . they get to vicky 's car . vicky look , I would not bail on you , but I need some cash , so I say I would . you will have fun . I promise . dave vicky 's also gonna have some fun . she say if I behave , I can come over after the kid 's nighty night and do cool stuff . like clean dish , mop up , keep she company . vicky you be like my helpful pet . I appreciate you , Dave . if you help I mop and do dish I will take you virginity . enough of this third base shit , right ? we be adult . she take she back pack from he . dave finally . hey , wanna get match tattoo so we can remember this day forever ? 45 . vicky laugh . allyson turn and see oscar and cameron walk across the parking lot . allyson hey , there 's cameron . I be gonna catch up with he . you guy go on without I . vicky okay , if not you be piss at I . be you piss ? allyson no. I just think ... it would be more fun if you would hang with I . that 's all . cameron be sweet , but I be still get use to the idea ... I do not know . and he friend ...? CUT to : ext . high school . parking lot . continuous . oscar and cameron walk across the parking lot . oscar there she be , brother . what do you say ? she 's a knock out . I would definitely take she over I any day of the week . I be not offended . cameron I like she . I be serious . and I do not want you to fuck this up by do something stupid . please . allyson walk up . oscar see the cheerleader drive by again on the other side of the lot . oscar hey allyson . guess what ? cameron like you more than I , but I be over it . I will see you guy later . I be gonna catch up with bianca and see if any of that lady need a handsome male escort to Halloween . cameron and allyson shrug and oscar race off on a mission . cameron he 's a mess . ( turn to allyson ) you okay ? 46 . allyson I be fine . I could not sleep . I be so embarrassed about last night . I be sorry you have to see that . it 's a weird time for I I guess . cameron wait till you meet my family . you grandma have nothing on my uncle James . do not worry about that stuff , okay ? allyson okay . I will not worry . int . rest room . service station . day flash -- hawkins stand in the door to the bathroom . the wall cover in blood . he study the crime scene with the coroner as a photographer snap picture -- flash . int . service station . day . hawkins observe the dead cashier as a detective dust for print -- flash . flash . ext . service station . day . Police car and ambulance be active at the crime scene . light flash as officer try to piece it together . across the way , Laurie appear amongst the onlooker gather on the other side of the police tape . hawkins see Laurie across the lot . he turn to a pass officer richard . officer hawkins be that who I think it be ? the cop see Laurie . officer richard yeah . she call the station at least twice a month . she 's a paranoid pain in the ass . officer hawkins tell she to go home . 47 . as Richards approach Laurie , hawkins join the sheriff . a detective in rubber glove hold up the white hospital clothes find on the ground . detective State issue . sheriff barker get on the phone to Smith 's Grove and confirm the match . officer hawkins in the meantime , we have to let people know , sir. sheriff barker not until we have confirmation . I do not want the media foam at the mouth and drag the name of this town through the headline again . officer hawkins I strongly disagree , sir . if this be who we think it be , we have one order of business . hunt this man down . hawkins look to where Laurie be . she 's go . ext . driveway . nelson house . late day . before dark , a few kide be trick - or-treate in the street as shanah pull up and stop in front of she home . some kid dress in a costume slap the hood of she car , startles she , and run off . shanah get out of the car with a sack of grocery . we watch she as she 's greet by a few costume kid . int . foyer . nelson house . night . it 's dead quiet as shanah open she front door and enter the home . she see a light in the staircase on . shanah Ray ? she leave the door open behind she as she enter . shanah ( cont 'd ) allyson ? anyone home ? 48 . she put the food down on the kitchen counter and notice that all of she knife be spread out along the counter as if on display . she hear something upstairs . a noise that could be the house settling or it could be something more . she begin walk toward the step slowly . she hear footstep above she . someone 's in the house . Ray appear abruptly in the front door . ray shanah ? shanah turn and motion for he to be silent . Laurie appear at the top of the stair hold a pistol . laurie bang . you be dead . shanah gasp . shanah you scared the shit out of I . what be you do in my house ?! laurie side window be unlock . no security system . you have a dozen knife available for any psychotic to come in here and stab you with . sometimes I can not tell the difference between ignorance and stupidity . ray I know jujitsu , Laurie . I can apply pressure point and choke hold to use the opponent force of attack against they . shanah / laurie shut up , Ray . Laurie walk down the stair . laurie Michael have escape . I would be a fool to think this be over . if he come for my family , I will be ready . 49 . laurie ( cont 'd ) where 's allyson ? we have to get out of here . now . shanah Mom , no one 's come after you and they be not come after we . get out of my way . shanah walk past she to hang up she jacket in the closet . ray maybe you should put down that gun ? Laurie step out onto the front porch . laurie ( thinking ) ' out of my way ' . it 's like I be always in you way , be not I , shanah ? you be always go somewhere and you be try to leave I behind . evil be real . you do not know what it 's like to feel true terror . to live powerless . I do not ever want you to feel that way . I only want to train and protect you . shanah the world be not a dark place . it can be full of love and understanding and I do not need you psychotic rant to confuse I or convince I otherwise . ray you need to leave , Laurie . Laurie look at both of they from the front porch and pause . laurie do you have a gun ? shanah step to the door . shanah of course not . she shut the door in she mom 's face . ext . neighborhood . night . kide streak down the street collect candy in costume . 50 . pop ! pop ! pop ! - another group of older kide light off noisy firecrackers in the street . a kid dress as a cowboy with a boombox on he shoulder stumble and drop a bag of candy under the shadow of a tree . his friend run off as he scoops he candy off the ground . cowboy kid hey wait up ! from the shadow behind the kid , we see the shape stand in by the tree , breathing . the shape step forward . the kid run into he , look up and run off . cowboy kid ( cont 'd ) sorry mister . the shape see a woman with a flashlight get a freeze chicken out of the deep freeze in she back shed and then go back inside , leave the shed open . we follow the shape through the side yard toward the shed . Inside he see a hammer on a workbench . the camera follow the shape through the back door of the house . the room glow from a television . Pov into the kitchen . the woman run water from the sink over the freeze chicken as she cut a sandwich with a large knife . she pass frame to get something . the shape hear clatter in the kitchen . he enter with the hammer in hand and disappear from view . we hear a short struggle and some hard hit and then see the woman 's body throw back into frame . Dead . the shape enter once again to observe he bloody kill and grab she carve knife off the counter . camera follow the shape as he turn and walk through the kitchen . through the dinning room . through the live room where a old man sleep on the couch . the shape walk out the front door to the next house past a few more trick or treaters . as he walk , he see a husband and wife get into a car in they costume , a hunky doctor and a sexy nurse . husband oh hell , I can not find my key . wife we be go to be late . 51 . the husband run inside . the shape watch the wife alone in the passenger side of the car . vulnerable . cricket chirp . she look up toward the shape . wife ( cont 'd ) hello ? husband let 's go , baby . the husband reappear and the shape step off as they drive away . we follow the shape as he move to the next house ... Inside , a woman ( 40 ) , hand candy to trick or treater . -- a princess , a unicorn , and a alien . trick or treater trick or treat ! woman wow ! look at you , all dress up . she give they the remainder of the candy in she bowl . woman ( cont 'd ) you guy be my last customer for the night . happy Halloween ! the trick or treater walk off and the woman close the door and turn off the porch light . Pov as we see inside a live room window . a telephone ring . the woman enter , answer the phone and turn on a lamp -- the shape exit he own Pov as we image settles on a view through the window . the woman inside talk on the phone to someone who have hear about the escape mental patient and lower the horizontal blind . as she do , the shape appear behind she . she turn and scream . he cut she throat . she drop dead into we frame as blood spill from she neck . ext . high school . parking lot . night . costume kide walk through the parking lot . music thump from the Halloween dance Party in the gymnasium . allyson and cameron approach the party in they costume . in a spin on the obvious , cameron be bonnie and allyson be clyde . 52 . cameron turn away from the crowd . he laugh . allyson what 's wrong ? cameron nothing . it take I a whole year to get up the nerve to ask you out and now look what I be willing to do to impress you . allyson I know . I respect that . you look good . you look amazing . she straighten he wig a little bit . cameron so do you . total criminal . a flirtatious look between they . she give he a kiss . oscar rush up dress as a vampire with sunglass . oscar you guy ! daaayum , you look good . hey , I get a twelve pack stashed and gin in this flask . who want to party with oscar ? he hand cameron a flask and pull he away . cameron hide the flask in he pocket and laugh . cameron we be gonna have a good time , right ?! allyson smile at cameron as he be consume by the crowd . int . high school . gym . later . the party in progress . Music be rockin ' . dj spin , people dance , cheerleader in routine , ect . allyson and cameron be laugh . oscar take picture with a old - school flash camera . allyson look at she phone . it 's vicky . cameron notice . 53. int . high school . hallway . night . allyson speak on she cell outside the gym while the dance continue . Girls adjust they costume behind she . allyson ( into phone ) I be sad you be not here . it 's ridiculous . it 's actually a lot easier for I to talk to people when I can not tell who they be . vicky ( o.s. ) see . I tell you . how 's cameron ? look hot in my skirt ? allyson we be have a good time . I think he 's sweet . allyson 's phone vibrate . she look . " grandmother " . she send it to voice mail . int . live room . baby - sitter' house . night . ( intercut ) vicky eat popcorn . the kid she be baby-sitting , julian ( 9 ) , be watch a horror film . vicky you guy should just come over here when it 's do . Dave 's on he way . he 's bring beer . Julian 's parent be not gonna be home till late . int . kitchen . baby - sitter' house . night . ( intercut ) we see vicky walk through the kitchen on she phone . she open the fridge and grab a cider . allyson ( o.s. ) School night though . vicky listen , I gotta tuck this cute little critter in to bed . stop be a needy bitch and get over here . allyson ( o.s. ) sound good . see ya in a bit . 54 . Julian appear . julian I hear you tell you friend to come over here and you be drink beer . that 's against the rule . I be tell my mom . he head back toward the live room . she follow . vicky well , I have see you browser history , Julian . would not want I tell you folk about that , would you ? panicked , Julian shake he head `no ' . vicky ( cont 'd ) - and up late watch horror movie be not what you be suppose to be do either . she pat he head . vicky ( cont 'd ) get to bed , you little monster . vicky chase Julian up the stair . int . bedroom . baby - sitter' house . night . vicky kiss she hand and touch it to he forehead . julian will you leave the door open ? just a crack ? she leave the door open a crack to let some light in . vicky goodnight , critter . int . kitchen . baby - sitter' house . night . vicky turn on the sink and start do dish . the water be loud as she hand - wash a few pot and plate . as she wash dish we move we focus past vicky out the window to a clothes line of sheet gently flap in the breeze . 55 . something suddenly move behind the sheet -- the sheet whip quickly , disturb . vicky look up , turn off the faucet . she focus out the window beyond the sheet into the darkness of the backyard ... keeping she eye outside , she walk to the door . suddenly -- a loud bang on the glass of the door window . vicky shriek as Dave 's smile face appear . vicky Jesus Dave ! you scared the shit out of I . she unlock . he 's dress as a farmhand with a straw hat . he carry a jack -o- lantern with heart for eye . dave sorry . I have be knock on the front door for five minute . I do not wanna ring the bell and wake the kid . check it out . Fresh from my patch . vicky shake off she nervousness and laugh . vicky Julian just go to bed . dave so we have the house to ourselves ? vicky allyson and cameron be gonna head over in a few . dave should we make popcorn ? wanna watch tv ? vicky no . Dave and vicky smile at each other . she lean in for a kiss . dave hold on a sec . check this out . I do this for you . he pull back he flannel to reveal the fresh ink and dry blood of a new tattoo ... ` 10 - 31 - 18 ' on he right shoulder . 56 . dave ( cont 'd ) because tonight be the night . and this be tonight 's date which be Halloween . vicky oh fuck yeah . int . laurie' car . night . ( moving ) driving down the street , Laurie listen to the police scanner . she 's alert , anxious , look around . notice the trick -or-treater run by . int . live room . baby - sitter' house . night . vicky and Dave make out passionately . Dave have he hand up she shirt . vicky tense up . vicky ( whispering ) shhh ... stop . Dave . what be that ? Dave stop . he look around . dave what ? what be it ? vicky I do not know . I hear something . dave it 's nothing . it 's Julian take a dump or somethin' . c'mon ... they hear a door close and she stop he . vicky I be serious . go see . dave go see he take a shit ? vicky go ! he compose himself and turn just as Julian appear at the bottom of the stairway . the sight of he make Dave flinch . dave oh fuck I 57 . vicky ( laugh ) Julian ? vicky hurry over to he , kneel at he level . vicky ( cont 'd ) what be you do up ? julian I see someone in the hallway , stand outside my door . dave aww , bro ! ghost and goblin ? julian shut up , Dave ! I hear he breathin ' then I see he . he 's in here . the boogeyman 's in the house ! vicky usher Julian out . vicky come on . let 's go see this creature , then get you back to bed . she take Julian out . Dave shake he head . he pull a joint from he pocket and step outside the kitchen to smoke it . he notice the garage have a open door . the light be on . he head towards it . int . hallway . baby - sitter' house . night . angle down dark hallway . at the far end we see vicky and Julian stand there . Julian point . julian he be stand in the door right there . I close my eye . when I open they , he be go . from behind vicky and Julian 's shoulder , we see that Julian 's door be open . vicky that 's the last time I show you a scary movie . we stay with Julian as vicky glide into the hall slide on she sock . she sock -skate into he bedroom . 58 . Julian wait a moment as a wall clock tick . julian vicky ? he see he bedroom light turn on . vicky ( o.s. ) all clear , little dude . vicky pop she head out of he bedroom . vicky ( cont 'd ) nothing to be afraid of . int . garage . baby - sitter' house . night . Dave take a hit and look around the shed . a bad ass old motorcycle collect dust . dave sick bike . he walk over and sit down on it . int . bedroom . baby - sitter' house . night . vicky sit on the bed with Julian . she shut off the bedside lamp . the glow of a aquarium give light . julian will you turn on the closet light ? she look to the closet door then turn to Julian . vicky then you go to sleep for real . she tuck he in and head for the closet . at the closet . she open the closet door . she reach in for the light switch and turn it on . the light reveal : the shape stand in the closet . julian sees : julian oh shit !!! before she can react , the shape grab she neck with one hand and bring the knife down with the other hand . 59 . the knife stab vicky' shoulder -- the blade cut down she arm . vicky push away from the shape and fall backwards . Julian scream and scramble toward the door , running ... the shape turn ... int . garage . baby - sitter' house . night Dave revs the motor- cycle and look up as he hear distant scream . he turn off the bike and listen . he get off and accidentally knock the bike over . dave aww. idiot . he struggle to pull it back up . int . hallway . baby - sitter' house . night . Julian run down the stair . vicky dart out of he bedroom , but her sock instantly slip out from underneath she on the wood floor . she land hard -- knock the breath out of she . Julian run back up the stair and look back . behind vicky , the shape appear from the bedroom , the glint of he knife catch the light . julian nope . he turn and run again . the shape step towards vicky . she roll over and shriek . the shape grab she foot and pull she back into the room . vicky ruuuun !! int . kitchen . baby - sitter' house . night . Julian dash through the kitchen right into Dave as he step back inside . Julian scream in he face . 60 . dave dude ! chill . why be you screechin' ? julian there 's a man up there ! dave there 's no man up there . julian you go up there , you be gonna get kill , Dave ! Julian run out the door . Dave shake he head and grab a large kitchen knife playfully . he adjust he straw hat . dave oh yeah ? come get some Dave . int . high school . gym . night . oscar chow down on a giant pickle at the catering table . allyson smile as she dance with some friend . she notice cameron talk to a girl in a black cat costume , kim . cameron be still in drag . his back be to allyson . a moment of jealousy strike allyson 's face . then ... the girl take he hand , lean in and kiss cameron 's neck . the two turn around and cameron look up to see a visibly upset allyson . he pull away from Kim . cameron allyson . come here ! her head shake " no " . he nod " yes " . she shake " no " . he take a discreet pull from he flask , whisper something to Kim , then he walk across to where allyson stand . allyson what be you do ? what be that ? cameron I just need a kiss from you . allyson look like you just get one from Kim ? 61 . cameron that be nothing . allyson really ? cameron yeah . every time I turn around , you be in you phone . look at it , texting with people , talk with people . it suck . and I do not do anything with Kim . she come up to I . gave I a kiss . do not cry about it . allyson you be drunk . oscar get you fuck up . cameron come 'ere . come on . he grab she arm and pull she toward he . allyson do not . her phone vibrate . she look : " Mom " . cameron look piss . cameron see ! this piece of shit . he grab she phone and throw it into a massive bowl of nacho cheese on the catering table . allyson what the fuck ?! int . laurie' car . night . ( moving ) Laurie listen to the police scanner . a call on the radio get she attention : dispatch ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) base to all unit . intrusion in progress at 707 meridian Avenue . officer hawkins ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) copy . Laurie take off down the road , determine . 62 . ext . baby - sitter' house . night . hawkins pull he squad car quietly to a stop and move to the back of the house with he gun draw . ext . backyard . baby - sitter' house . moment later . hawkins look up and down ... listen intently . he look to the backyard and see the clothes line , now with only one sheet blow in the breeze . the back door be open . int . kitchen . baby - sitter' house . moment later . hawkins enter , weapon draw and flashlight shine . all be silent . he call out : officer hawkins haddonfield sheriff 's department . responding to a domestic disturbance ! he hold he gun with arm outstretch . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) I repeat ! this be Officer hawkins . please respond ! the kitchen be empty . he hear the sound of the television come from another room . int . hallway . baby - sitter' house . night . angle on the staircase . hawkins head up . he creep around the corner ... int . bedroom . baby - sitter' house . night . hawkins stand in the door of Julian 's room . the glow of the aquarium illuminate . he eye a jack -o- lantern with a candle in it on the toy shelf . in the middle of the room sit a figure with a white sheet cover it like a ghost . officer hawkins hand on you head . come out now ! 63. he enter . gun aim at the ghost . hawkins step to the white sheet . hawkins aim ... hawkins carefully pull the sheer off - revealing vicky in the beam of he flashlight . stab wound have gash she . the horror hit he . ext . baby - sitter' house . continuous . Laurie arrive . she uneasily scan the neighborhood ; surveying the street , the shadow , pumpkin on porch . a firecracker pop and she flinch . she turn and see the silhouette of a small witch stand way down the street , lighting firecracker -- pop pop . two more silhouettes join the witch , a skull head and a pumpkin head , and they turn and run with they candy bag . Laurie shift she eye ... look upstairs . a light turn on in the bedroom window . hawkins be in the window of the crime scene . she turn to the window of the next room . the shape stand stare at Laurie . the sight of he make Laurie 's heart drop . she gasp . the look between the two have forty year of tension . Laurie raise she gun and fire . it 's a direct hit at she target , but it be reveal that it represent just the reflection of the shape in a mirror . int . hallway . baby - sitter' house . continuous . hawkins jolt at hearing the gunshot . he see the shape walk down the stair . officer hawkins stop or I will fire ! the shape continue and hawkins open fire -- bam ! bam ! the shape disappear . hawkins chase downstairs after he . 64 . int . hallway . baby - sitter' house . continuous . hawkins glance around the corner . he see a trail of blood on the floor . he step into the live room . he see dave -- dead -- a large knife pin he through the neck with he face smashed into the wall like a ceremonial slay . the blood from Dave 's fresh tattoo ooze from he shoulder . hawkins be horrify and slip on the bloody floor . ext . baby - sitter' house . continuous . Laurie scan the yard . the shape appear around the corner of the house , walk toward the back gate . Laurie raise she gun . she fire -- pap . the shape be hit in the back of the shoulder and fall forward out of frame around the corner of the house . Laurie run toward to the corner , gun still aim . she turn the corner . he be go . just then , hawkins appear and whisper to Laurie . officer hawkins where be he ?! Laurie be start , turn and punch hawkins in the face with she fist . he drop . laurie fuck ! Jesus ! what the fuck ?! hawkins sit up and rub he bruise jaw . laurie ( cont 'd ) do not creep up on a girl in the dark unless you want to get punch . officer hawkins you be tell to go home . laurie I shot he ! I almost shot you too . 65 . hawkins recover and walk into the street . he see nothing . officer hawkins do you see which way he go ? laurie no . but do I do I favor . if you find he before I do , finish he . officer hawkins sure. sure . you get a license for that fire arm , lady ? laurie I do . and this one too . Laurie pull a Glock 34 out of she pocket . hawkins raise a eyebrow . ext . neighborhood . moment later . montage : police car , officer and dog search the street for the shape . sheriff barker pull up in he unmark vehicle . sheriff barker hawkins , look who 's up ! sartain step out of the passenger side with he leave arm in a sling . dr . sartain where be he ? officer hawkins you tell I . ext . neighborhood . moment later . hawkins and the sheriff speak with Dr. sartain . sartain be in visible pain and discomfort . dr . sartain the bus lose control after Michael overtake the first guard , then the driver . he be no longer dormant . I see he kill with my own eye . he only know how to keep move and to keep kill and he will kill again unless he be capture . 66 . sheriff barker what I want to know be why he do not kill you ? dr . sartain I try to hide , but he find I . lock I to a seat . he look down at I . I close my eye and when I open they , he walk away . barker look to hawkins . sheriff barker hawkins , come talk to I for a second . Doctor , please wait here . the sheriff and hawkins walk away speak discretely . sheriff barker ( cont 'd ) he 's a asset . officer hawkins he 's not a asset , he 's a liability . sheriff barker you be go to take he . he know myer better than anyone . officer hawkins you want I to take this injure civilian to search for a psychopathic serial killer ? sheriff barker you be right . I be wrong . we be clear the street . patrol car on every corner . I be go statewide with this . let 's find this son of a bitch . you hear I ? laurie ( o.s. ) sheriff barker , Officer hawkins ? they look back . Laurie be walk over . officer hawkins we do not need you help right now , Ms. strode . sartain see Laurie and approach . he recognize she . dr . sartain Excuse I , officer . 67 . Laurie stop . sheriff barker Laurie strode , meet Dr. sartain . dr . sartain I be Michael 's doctor . ranbir sartain . laurie you be the new loomis . I can tell by the classy accent . dr . sartain I have read everything about you in he case file . do you know we friend Mr. hawkins here be the respond deputy when Michael be apprehend in 1978 ? barker glance curiously at sartain . dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) he lawfully stand between doctor loomis ' vindictive tirade and the right to a fair trial . laurie loomis call for he execution do not persuade you ? officer hawkins I use to believe that due process balanced the power of the law of the land . I be not so sure anymore . sartain turn and walk to the passenger seat of hawkins ' car , leave Laurie stand with hawkins and barker . laurie I pray everyday that he would escape . officer hawkins what the hell do you do that for ? laurie so I could kill he . the sheriff shake he head . hawkins consider this for a moment . 68 . officer hawkins well , that be a dumb thing to pray for ... as he get into he car ... dr . sartain will you come with we ? laurie no . I need to protect my family . sheriff barker we have you cover , mar 'am . ext . high school . football field . night . allyson try to get she phone to work . dried cheese chunks in the charge port . cameron jog up . wig in hand . he 's drunk . cameron just put it in a bag of rice . it will be fine . allyson I leave you alone for literally two minute and you run to talk to the one girl that stress I out . then you break my phone ?! cameron listen . I have too much gin . I tell you . Kim be talk to I . she come on to I . I be try to be respectful that she still have feeling . I be sorry . she already have eat issue and I do not want to make it worse . what be I suppose to do ? she look at she phone . allyson it 's ruin . it 's totally sticky with fuck velveeta on it . cameron good ! now we actually have to blab to each other . seriously . let 's have some fun . please . if we do not this be a completely degrade experience . I be serious . 69 . cameron look heartbroken , frustrated . she smile . he lean in for a kiss . at that moment , a spotlight shine on they . two patrol car pull up in front of the football field . four cop pull out flashlight and approach cameron and allyson . officer # 1 you guy gotta clear out of here . Party 's over ! gotta clear out ! officer # 2 curfew have be put into place . it 's not safe ! you guy need a ride home ? allyson what 's happen ? why be not we safe ? why do we need to go ? officer # 1 because I fuckin ' say so . it 's not safe to be on the street . we need you to get home . now . allyson we be just leave - cameron interrupt . cameron no we be not . dude . we be in the middle of a fight and we be at the point of a breakthrough when you shine that goddamn flashlight in my face ! why you gotta be dick - allyson cameron ! the cop look at each other and then engage . officer # 1 you okay mar 'am ? officer # 2 who 's you smart ass friend ? come here ! ( recognize he ) cameron elam ? of course . elam always run they mouth . 70 . officer # 2 ( cont 'd ) it 's be about 48 hour since we get a complaint about you place . cameron oh yeah ? officer # 2 that 's a pretty dress you get on . you mom dress you up like that ? the officer start laugh . cameron shift darker . cameron go fuck yourself . officer # 2 what do you say ? cameron you say anything about my family again and I will - officer # 2 I know exactly what you will do . assault a police officer . you will sit on the roof of you garage and throw rotten egg at I like you do last time . cameron I be ten year old and make you look like a bitch in front of you entire department . the Officer slam cameron to the ground . oscar show up . a dozen kide behind he . oscar cameron ? what 's up dude ? be you be misunderstand again . this be a heartbreaking case of mistaken identity you honor . officer # 2 ( ignoring oscar ) take he in . he 's drunk off he ass on school grounds . we do not have time for this shit . allyson can not believe it . cameron be you serious ? be you fuck serious ?!! allyson ! 71 . cameron look to allyson only she 's piss and turn away . cameron look to oscar . officer # 2 who 's the little bitch now ? cameron oscar ! get she home safe , man . officer # 1 Party 's over ! cameron get she home ! oscar and allyson take off through the bleacher . int . nelson house . night shanah open the door and find Laurie . shanah Mom ! do we have to do this - shanah notice four police officer in the street behind she . laurie I never want you to be scared , baby . never . just prepare . Laurie take she hand . laurie ( cont 'd ) where 's allyson ? shanah throw she mother a look of concern . laurie ( cont 'd ) where 's allyson ?! int . nelson house . live room . moment later . shanah on the phone : shanah ( into phone ) allyson , you need to call I the second you get this . the police say the dance be evacuate and I have not hear from you . we be head to you grandmother 's house . we be worried about you . 72 . shanah hand the phone to Laurie to speak : laurie ( into phone ) where be you , baby ? there be police officer at you house . get to they and they will bring you to we . we be all together now . we love you ... her dialog bleed over image of the next scene . ext . neighborhood . night . oscar and allyson walk down the sidewalk . oscar carry a case of beer . laurie ( o.s. ) wherever you be ... it 's not safe outside tonight . oscar this be a amazing night , right ?! do not you just love cameron ? allyson no . I think he 's a jerk . oscar he 's cool . so bad ass . but I can tell you be piss about you phone . he plopped it into the chili con queso . ( beaming ) classic cameron ! allyson I be tired of people let I down . you give they the benefit of the doubt and think they be go to be different , but then they show you who they truly be . cameron do not want people to judge he , but then he act like a jerk . get drunk , get arrest . oscar stop . she turn . oscar you deserve better . you be the smartest , most beautiful girl at school . anyone that do not appreciate that be crazy . 73. she consider this and smile . allyson thanks oscar , that 's sweet . oscar check it out . 5.0 . let 's detour this rendezvous . hawkins ' squad car drive by just as allyson and oscar cut between two house . int . hawkins ' squad car ( moving ) . night . hawkins be patrol the street . Dr. sartain ride shotgun and hold a spotlight scan for sign of myer . officer hawkins from a clinical perspective , would you say that Laurie strode have lose she fuck marble ? dr . sartain there be many way for tragedy to change a victim . they can grow accustom to always be afraid . they can become weak or they can become strong . but there be also the other side . officer hawkins what side be that ? dr . sartain the core of the victimizer . this be what have intrigue I through my study . how do a crime like Michael 's change he ? what be he feel ? be he on a random path or be he emotionally drive ? triggered by something . some unheard march order imprint on he very be ? evil incarnate . Michael and I have a special connection , but without he verbal participation there be a side of he mad journey that I could never understand . officer hawkins walk a mile in another man 's shoe , or something like that , right ? not for I , brother . 74 . dr . sartain tell I what become of he childhood home . officer hawkins that old place be a shrine kinda - thing but for serial killer groupy and death metal band . vandal get the best of it . a local organization that I work with tore it down and turn it into a community garden . turned tragedy into beauty if you can consider it . ext . neighborhood . backyard . night . oscar jump over the black iron fence into a backyard . he awkwardly handle he beer . he set it down and look around . in the moonlight , he make out the fence way at the opposite end . allyson climb up to cross over . oscar watch out for the poison ivy . it 's all over . allyson this be a dumb short cut . oscar treacherous . let I give you a hand . oscar reach up to help she down from the fence . she almost slip . he catch she and lower she down safely . allyson thanks . he do not let go . he grin at she . allyson ( cont 'd ) what ? what be you do ? oscar you deserve better . he awkwardly lean in to kiss she on the lip . allyson ew. oscar . what the fuck ?! she push he off . oscar realize what just happen . 75 . oscar wait , I think you say you be not with cameron anymore . allyson do not mean I want - get away from I . oscar I think you be send I signal . allyson definitely no signal . just go ! she walk off into the darkness of the yard . he follow desperately . oscar ( embarrassed ) I be sorry . please do not tell cameron I do that . I do not feel anything either . she stop and turn to face he . allyson you be disgusting . I be go home . you need to figure you shit out . she walk off . leave he stand there . a motion sensor light be activate , turn on a bright yard light . oscar ( to himself ) I be drunk . like ... really drunk , and I get all horny at the party , I be dance with some girl , this way out of my league girl and my brain get all sex up , and she tit get I totally chubbe out when she be feed I guacamole in sexy way -- oscar drop he case of beer . one of they spray . oscar ( cont 'd ) shit ! can roll out . he scramble to pick they up . he look up and see the shape stand twenty foot away . 76 . oscar ( cont 'd ) happy Halloween , Mr. elrod . cool mask . sorry ... I be not try to trespass on you shit , I be just talk to this pretty girl over there . it 's just ... I guess , I always kind of like she . and I know she 's bum out about cameron so I think maybe ... stupid , right ? the shape stand . no response . oscar ( cont 'd ) all right . peace . thank you . the light goe out . at the far side of the yard , allyson make it to the six foot black iron fence and start to climb . she grab one of the sharp metal spike that jut from the top and pull she hand . it 's slightly precarious but she 's careful to avoid the iron spike as she climb over . she drop to the other side and walk down a alley . disappointed . on oscar as the light come back on . oscar look around and see no one . oscar ( cont 'd ) yo ! where would you go , bro ? you be act super sketchy right now . he 's confuse and look over he shoulder as he walk again to cross the yard . he run straight into the shape and gasp . he drop he beer as a knife raise . oscar put he arm up . the light turn off . total blackness . on allyson down the STREET as she hear a scream . she stop . look back . the light turn back on . oscar run as fast as he can . he 's bleed from he forearm . the shape walk behind he . oscar get to the fence and leap for the top bar . he get halfway over and snag he cape . oscar see the shape draw closer with he knife raise . he stab oscar in the back and grab at he foot . 77 . oscar struggle to hang on as he scream . the light turn off . we faintly see oscar as he lose the battle . his jaw get impale by the sharp iron spike of the fence . total blackness . on allyson as she walkway cautiously toward the scream . aaron oscar ?!! oscar ?! in the darkness , she arrive at the fence . the light come back on . she sees oscar . his face have be pierce from the chin through he mouth by one of the iron spike at the top of the fence . he choke and gag , gargle blood . allyson start to hyperventilate and turn she head to see the yard . for a split second she see the shape stand on her side of the fence , hold a knife . the light go off . she scream and run like hell . allyson run faster than she 's ever run before ... out of the darkness into the open neighborhood . ext . neighborhood . night . extreme wide shot of the STREET . allyson look to a house that have a light on inside . she run up to the porch and pound she fist desperately on the door . allyson help I !! open the door ! another light switch on in a window . allyson ( cont 'd ) please open the door ! extreme close - up as allyson bang on the door . a face appear in a window . int . police cruiser . ( moving ) night . Laurie , shanah and Ray ride in back . Officer Richards drive . Officer Francis sit in the front passenger seat . 78 . shanah 's phone ring , " unknown caller " . shanah hello ? - allyson ? - thank God you be all right . where be you ?! Laurie look at she reflection in the window as shanah listen to allyson 's story . ext . neighborhood . night . breathe . a Pov hang behind a tree . look leave and right . start walk . look leave . hawkins ' vehicle appear suddenly and drive past fast . ext . neighbor's house . night hawkins pull up as allyson stand with a crowd of neighbor . she run to he as he step out of he car . allyson Officer ! I see he . my friend be attack ! he come out of nowhere - allyson breathes heavily . hawkins comfort she . officer hawkins take a deep breath , allyson . you be go to be all right . take a deep breath . ext . rural road . laurie' house . night . the squad car pull up to Laurie 's gate . a harsh overhead spotlight let 's we know where we be . Laurie type in a password and the security gate open . officer francis we will drop you off and wait at the gate for you girl to arrive . we have a officer on the scene in contact with she now . they enter . int . laurie' house . night . several lock and reinforcement detach as Laurie , shanah and Ray step into Laurie 's home . 79 . shanah look around the familiar house . it 's be a while . Ray and shanah explore the various detail of the interior . the fireplace have be seal off with concrete , dead - bolt lock on interior door , window with security bar . ray Home be where the heart be , right Laurie ? Laurie stare at he . Ray point to a dead rat in a vicious - look trap . laurie I see you mousetrap , Ray . peanut butter and marshmallow fluff ? shanah take a pensive moment before she twist the kitchen island counter - clockwise and lift the door to the underground shelter . Ray look curious . ray what 's this ? shanah my childhood . laurie it 's how we protect ourselves . shanah disappear down the ladder . the light from within turn on . Laurie and Ray approach and look down . inside the shelter : they see a woman prepare . food. Water . weapon . a bed . in contrast to the rest of the house , it 's a clean and organize illustration of Laurie 's fear . shanah climb down the ladder and feel the wave of she troubled youth wash over she . Laurie and Ray come down behind she . Laurie type in a password , " 103178 " and reveal a gun cabinet full of weapon . laurie ( cont 'd ) pick you poison . do you need small caliber defense , semi-automatic ballistic with brownout round , a shotgun for tactical operation or a rifle with accuracy and stop power ? they look at Laurie 's confidence . or be she come unglue ? 80 . laurie ( cont 'd ) he 's wait for this night . he 's wait for I . I have be wait for he . int . hawkins ' squad car ( moving ) . night . hawkins look at allyson in the mirror . he turn to look at she through the metal barrier and talk into the radio . officer hawkins 601 to dispatch . I be 1076 with a witness in custody . dispatch ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) copy 601 . be advise . suspect last report on 11th Avenue , South of bypass . allyson I have not be to she house in year , but I think I can give you direction from the - allyson 's eye strain . she point and scream : allyson ( cont 'd ) look out !! hawkins turn and see someone walk in front of he car . officer hawkins ( calmly ) brace yourself . he press the gas and swerve to hit the shape . Nails he . knock he to the concrete . the car screech to a halt . allyson cower in the back . hawkins check he gun . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) stay in the car ! ext . neighborhood . continuous . sartain and hawkins get out . hawkins have he gun draw as he approach the shape . allyson watch from inside . 81 . sartain step up cautiously from behind hawkins , pass he and examine the shape , feel the pulse on he neck . dr . sartain he 's alive . hawkins raise he gun . officer hawkins not for long . stand back . dr . sartain Officer hawkins , do not kill my patient . officer hawkins I be finish this . hawkins take aim on the shape . sartain stand in he way . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) get back , now . I be go to fire ! sartain take a deep breath and pull he pen from he pocket . he click it nervously . officer hawkins ( cont 'd ) I be not go to ask you again , Doctor . stand back ! sartain slide the clip of he pen to the side . the ink point retract , and a sharp , two - inch blade flick out . sartain grip the blade , turn around , quickly grab hawkins gun hand and stab the steel straight into hawkins ' neck ! the gun goe off and drop . sartain sharply slashes he throat . allyson 's eye go wide . she can not believe what she 's see . sartain inhale the feel of he kill . he pull the pen out of hawkins 's neck , and we reveal : a long bloody blade -- click -- the blade retract . hawkins drop . sartain turn to allyson look at he from the car . he speak calmly . dr . sartain do not move , Young lady . do not scream . stay where you be . 82. int . hawkins ' squad car . continuous . from the back of the car , allyson watch sartain through the barrier . she scramble to get out door . lock . she see sartain smile at she . then he bend down out of sight . ext . neighborhood . continuous . sartain squat , look at he patient pass out . the shape be motionless . sartain put a knee on the shape 's chest ... int . hawkins ' squad car . continuous . allyson see he stand back up at the hood of the car . sartain be wear the mask . allyson huddle down , scream . sartain scream in the mask with she , bang on the hood of the car . allyson scream , trap in the backseat . sartain stop move . he stand still look at allyson , silent . allyson be cry now . plead : allyson please ... do not . sartain walk up to she window . he stare at allyson and make a " shush " finger on the mask , then walk over to the shape . dr . sartain ( whisper ) this be a dream . allyson watch out the window . she panic . allyson no ! please no ! please ! sartain awkwardly lift the unconscious shape into the back seat with allyson . he struggle with the pain of he wounded arm . his body slump over lean on she . she see the shape be greasy hair touch she . dr . sartain make room , my dear . mindful of my patient . ( to the shape ) 83. dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) be you with we , Michael ? be you listen ? ( to allyson ) I do not believe he hear everything . allyson push the shape off of she . sartain take off the mask and throw it in . it land on the seat between she and the shape . he close the door . allyson ( scream ) no ! get I out of here ! help ! she frantically try to open she door . sartain get in the front seat and drive off . int . hawkins ' squad car ( moving ) . night . in back , allyson cower against the door opposite the shape . his face be shroud in shadow , light briefly as they pass under street lamp . allyson whimper as the shape jostle in he seat . he slowly start sliding down toward her . she use she foot to push he body away and back onto he side . she crawl against the door watch the shape . dr . sartain Michael , I see why you be who you be . the sensation be obvious . the thrill be exhilate . loomis be a coward . he be afraid to travel to such depth for you . but I love you and I know you feel the same way . I freed you from that unwilling to understand you . that of archaic mind . allyson be desperate . allyson ( weep to herself ) let I go . please . dr . sartain the look on you face when you see freedom ? and then the carnage and confusion we create ? 84 . she look at sartain 's eye in the rearview mirror watch she , cold , calculate , perverse . she look down at the mask sit on the seat between she and the shape . dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) I be glad we be together , Michael . allyson wipe she eye . allyson ( desperate ) please ... where be you take I ?! sartain chuckle and keep drive . allyson look back down . Pov : the seat be empty -- no mask . pan up from the seat : the shape be wearing the mask looking at her ! before she can scream , the shape grab allyson 's hair and throw she into the passenger side door . he scoot back and lift he leg ; kick he window with he boot . the car start to swerve out of control as he fracture the glass . the car jerk right and allyson slam against the door ... the car skid to a stop at a slight angle in the middle of a rural road . the shape go into a fit in the back seat . sartain remain calm . he look at the police cruiser that be guard the gate to Laurie 's compound a hundred yard away . int . police cruiser . night Officer Richards and Officer Francis listen to rock music on the radio and eat food . officer richard you know what sound good with a baloney sandwich ? Francis see something in the distance . officer richard ( cont 'd ) ... a ipa . 85 . officer francis ( distracted ) what the hell ? they strain they eye as they see the flash light and blind headlight of the distant vehicle park in the middle of the road . int . hawkins ' squad car . night . the shape kick the window in the back seat while sartain sit calmly in the front . dr . sartain what great spectacle than to reunite two old friend . Michael myer and Laurie strode . a historical reunion . the back seat settles . all be quiet until ... dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) Michael . she 's be wait for you . be you ready ? suddenly , the barrier from behind sartain be thrust with brute strength inward . its velocity pin Dr. sartain against the steering wheel . allyson scream as the cage slam sartain until he be still . int . police cruiser . night . the cop look at the car ahead . they can not see the commotion because of the glare of the light . they turn off they radio . they hear the horn blaring . officer richard ( into radio ) 601 ? 606 to 601 ? hawkins . turn you fuckin ' radio on . hawkins ? officer francis let 's check it out . Officer Richards put the car in gear . int . hawkins ' squad car . night . the shape be out . allyson panic in the back seat as the shape grab sartain by the foot and drag he out of the car . 86 . his head hit the concrete hard . sartain struggle . he be not unconscious yet . the shape take a knee and gag sartain against the pavement . he hear the loudspeaker from the police car . officer hawkins ( over p.a. ) hawkins , please respond . as the shape stand to see the approach police car , allyson make a escape and dash into the wood . the shape watch she go and then look down to a injure sartain at he foot . dr . sartain but you say I could watch . the shape lift he boot over sartain head . sartain look at he own reflection in the metal side of the vehicle . a sick grin on the doctor 's face -- dr . sartain ( cont 'd ) do it . the shape stomp down on doctor sartain head . he skull cave in -- brain shit out . ext . wood . night . allyson look back and see the shape -- stare down at he boot on sartain 's crush skull . the shape tilt he head curiously . allyson run as fast as she can . int . police cruiser . night the squad car have stop . Officer Richards and Officer Francis strain they eye to see clearly . Richards turn on he spotlight . officer hawkins it 's he . officer richard ( over speaker ) hand where I can see `um ! don ' T move !!! 87 . the light blind the shape who drop down to the ground out of sight of the officer . ext . road / police cruiser . night Richards and Francis have they gun draw as they step toward the crime scene . they throw hand signal then move about either direction of hawkins ' squad car . they take a beat to find they courage and step to the other side of the squad car . the shape be gone . just the gruesome remain of Doctor sartain . they do not see the shape rise from behind they . behind the flash light of they own squad car . watching . int . bedroom . laurie' house . night . Laurie look out through the blind of she bedroom window . shanah I be scared . I do not know how to do this . Laurie grab shanah 's weapon and look she in the eye . laurie you never want to listen when I speak about that night ... but this be why . we fight to survive . he be a killer . but he will be kill tonight . I have be prepare for this for a long time . and whether you know it or not , so have you . shanah be scared , weep , but shake she head `ye ' . Laurie see how scared and unprepare she daughter be . laurie ( cont 'd ) shanah ... I be sorry . for everything . shanah see she mom 's eye welling up . she hug Laurie . Laurie have not feel this in year and hug she as tight as she can . 88. ext . wood . night . allyson move quickly through the wood . bloody , tired , limping . she grab a tree to catch she breath . she see the disturbing silhouettes of mannequin that Laurie use as target practice . frozen expression with bullet ride face all around she . int . laurie' house . night . Ray play with the untangle yo - yo that Laurie have at the community center . he watch the security camera monitor . he see a police cruiser slowly roll up to the front of the house . it hit a couple of garbage can and then stop . curious , he get up and go to the front door . the door have two small window with color glass . he see the cruiser with light flash . ext . laurie' house . night . Ray step out onto the front porch with the yo- yo as the wind chime blow in the breeze . ray any word on allyson ? no response . ray ( cont 'd ) you guy need some coffee or something ? Ray strain to see Officer Richards in the front seat of the cruiser . Ray wave . no response . Ray move toward the car , knock on the window and then open the driver 's side door . what he see be a mind - blow moment of horror : Officer Richards have he throat slit and Doctor sartain 's pen blade jamme through he ear . and - in he lap sit Officer Francis ' head ... carve like a jack o' lantern with triangle eye CUT out , a triangle hole where he nose once be and a jagged smile CUT with a blade . a flash light point up through the neck illuminating the entire nightmare . 89 . Ray lose he balance and take a step back . he hear the familiar wind chime . Ray turn slowly and see the shape step up behind he and instantly wrap the chain of the wind chime around Ray 's neck . he choke and wheeze and swing he arm wildly try to save himself . after a great struggle , he fall to the ground ... Dead . int . laurie' house . live room . night . Laurie walk down the step hold a pump action 12 - gauge . laurie Ray ? she step up to the front door . she look through the distort glass of the window and see in plain sight ... the shape with he back to she , stand perfectly still over Ray 's body . Laurie lock the door , cringe as she register the scene and turn away . she see shanah walk down the staircase . shanah Mom ? Laurie shake she head and hold she finger to she lip . she meet shanah in the middle of the room . laurie he 's here shanah . Michael be here . go to the shelter and hide . you will be safe there . shanah what about Ray ? what about allyson ? laurie I will take care of it . it 's time . now . it all end tonight . shanah nod through tear and run to the kitchen . she spin the island counter clock - wise . she share a look with Laurie as she mother take position . armed at the front door . be this good - bye ? 90 . shanah disappear into the shelter and the island slide back , cover the secret door . Laurie turn back toward the window with she shotgun to keep a eye along the shape . before she get a glance , the glass of one window smashes . the shape' right arm reach through and grab she by the side and then slide to she throat . her weapon be useless as he pull she into the door . the other arm punch through the other window and reach desperately for she . she spin around until she back be to the door . her leave hand reach up and grab hold of the shape 's spastic hand . with she right hand , Laurie pump her shotgun and point it toward the shape 's left hand . he grab hold of the barrel and she pull the trigger . he left hand explode . two finger disintegrated by the blast . his thumb and two other remain . he let go and he arm retreat . int . laurie' house . basement . night shanah hear footstep above she . she look and consider the overwhelming arsenal beside she : a crossbow , a semi-automatic rifle , a shotgun and a small handgun , etc . she grab the smallest firearm on the wall and walk to the base of the ladder as footstep pace above she . she hear the island move aside and the hinge of the door lift open . she 's nervous , but the gun be ready . she pull the trigger - click . laurie it only work if you load it , sweetheart . she 's relieved to see she mother who climb quickly down with she shotgun to join she . Laurie walk to the wall and exchange she pump-action shotgun for a rifle . she flip a circuit breaker to turn the light off upstairs and then flip a switch to slide the island back into place . they listen quietly as Laurie load round into the rifle . 91 . the sound of the front door open . footstep above they . Dust fall from the ceiling . Laurie track the step with the site of she gun . laurie ( cont 'd ) he 's right there . Laurie fire three round into the ceiling at the position she suspect the shape to be . all go silent . ext . laurie' house . night . allyson approach and see the house through the tree , face full with both fear and relief . int . laurie' house . live room . night . close on Laurie as she rise from she basement door with she rifle ready . she look around the dark live room and see no sign of the shape . her sense be on high alert . laurie Michael ?! she hear a noise , turn and fire . blast a hole in the wall of the live room . the muzzle flash light the room . laurie ( cont 'd ) Michael ?! come out . another sound . blam ! she fire at a shadow . a tree branch hit the window . she turn , blast the kitchen pantry . Laurie walk to the live room . blast the staircase upstairs . she disappear into a back room . we hear a three more blast . she come back out and look toward a live room closet . she shoot a hole in it . listen . hear weep in the distance . she look out the break window of the front door and see allyson cry . her granddaughter kneele over the body of she dead father . Laurie switch gear from a predator to the protector . 92 . laurie ( cont 'd ) allyson , you can not be here . she run to she upset granddaughter . laurie ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . it 's not over . you need to run . run and hide . go to the road and do not look back . get help . save yourself . allyson I be not leave without you . laurie you must . go now . I love you . allyson get up and walk backwards . she look to the front door and see the shape stand on the porch . allyson grandmother ?! Laurie turn and instinctively aim the gun toward the shape and fire . the bullet blast directly over the shape 's shoulder . a porch light shatter . -- miss . she 's out of bullet . Laurie quickly drop the gun and pull a large hunt knife out of a sheath on she belt . the shape stand with a kitchen knife in he hand . a classic showdown . he step off the porch toward she . Laurie look back and see allyson stumbling backwards . with the mind - set of a mamma bear , Laurie turn back to the shape and charge he . they blade meet . limb entangle . the shape lose blood from he miss finger , but he momentum be relentless . he drive he knife into Laurie 's chest . she swing and slice he arm . allyson scream . on the porch : we see shanah slowly open the front door with the point of a high tech crossbow . after a brief struggle , the shape twist he knife and force Laurie to the ground . he pull the blade out . 93. shanah 's eye swell with fear . her jaw shake as she take aim . she consider the shot but instead lower the crossbow in defeat . then Laurie catch she eye from the ground . a neutral expression of control that say everything . the shape lift he knife back for the deathblow , and before it fall , shanah raise the crossbow and pull the trigger , release her arrow . it penetrate the shape from behind . underneath he right shoulder . the point and beak jut out by inch . the shape drop he knife and pull the pointer and slide it back and forth . he get to he foot and struggle to remove it . allyson walk toward they and grab the fall knife . she keep the shape at bay as she grab she grandmother under she arm and drag she back through the yard . the shape stumble forward into the wood . shanah run to allyson and Laurie . they help she to she foot as she bleed . nearly unconscious . they put pressure on the wound . ext . laurie' house . night . in a flurry of motion and panic , shanah and allyson run with Laurie . as they struggle down the long , dark wood driveway , they breathe heavily , exhaust physically and emotionally . foot drag , body strain . the effort be arduous . Laurie look back at the shape disappear into the tree . she be in and out of consciousness . laurie kill it . kill it . it must die . her whisper fall on deaf ear . shanah and allyson miss it in the strain of they effort . they reach the gate which have be break open . shanah hold Laurie while allyson step into the road and look both way . hawkins ' abandon squad car in one direction and a pair of headlight in the other direction . 94 . allyson wave she arm as the headlight approach . a pick - up truck pull over . shanah lift Laurie toward the truck . allyson help . the driver drop the gate of the bed of the truck . the driver help the severely injure Laurie into the truck . her daughter and granddaughter get in , sit beside she and hold she tight . the truck roar into drive and speed down the road . the woman rest , stunne and numb and reflective of the night behind they . ext . wood . night . the shape , wounded . he pull the arrow from he chest and move through the forest . siren wail in the distance . his white mask catch the moonlight . the shape come to a clear . he turn and look back in the direction of Laurie 's house . he watch , breathing ... he touch he chest . feel he wound ; he miss finger . we reveal that he be stand among the shattered artificial face of mannequin . the shape walk to a tree and take a seat . his head tilt back as he hand press into he blood stain clothing . his breathe deepen . exhausted , or possibly he last .