halloween 4 the return of michael myer we open on a black screen . superimpose : october 30 , 1988 fade in on : ext . abandoned farm - afternoon a large , run down farm . close on : a cardboard skeleton nail to the wall of a shed . close on : a bed sheet in the form of a ghost . it 's gently sway back and forth in the wind . close on : a half finish barn . a tumbleweed blow by the screen . close on : a scarecrow with a pumpkin for a head . it sit on a tractor , a axe by he side . close on : a fence . a sharp piece of farm equipment be hang from it . close on : a Halloween style weathervane . ext . road - night - raining a ambulance appear in the distance , it 's headlight barely penetrate the wall of darkness . it 's a large and lonely road , surround on either side by a thick wall of tower tree . Pov we be look in on the two people in front . they be both man in they thirty or forty . they do not talk to each other , just stare straight ahead . we see movement through the tiny window at the back . ext . ridgemont state penitentiary the ambulance pull up to the gate . the driver honk the horn . a guard come run out of a building . he turn on he flashlight , look inside the ambulance , then at he clipboard . he wave they through . guard okay . go on through . int . ridgemont state penitentiary another guard push a button on a control panel and the door slide open . a man and woman rush in , wet . attendant all metal object into the tray . they put the object into the tray . attendant purpose of visit ? man a patient pickup and transfer to Smith 's Grove . attendant you be late . man yeah . should be on the road . attendant yeah , ha , hell of a night huh ? man Real charmer . attendant I will take you down there . man all right . the man and woman follow the attendant through hallway . attendant first time here , huh ? woman hope it 's the last . attendant you never get use to the face . never . voice ( scream ) ahhhhhh ! man Jesus . attendant Jesus be not get nothing to do with this place . come on . they step into a elevator . attendant yeah this be where society dump its worst nightmare . yeah the one you pick up - just think about he give I the willy . yeah , a decade ago , Halloween night he murder 16 people , maybe more - try to get to he sister . nearly get she too . but he doctor , of all people , shot he six time . then he set he on fire . both of they nearly burn to death . yeah , I will be glad to see this one go . oh yes in deedie . he open the elevator door . attendant welcome to Hell . the scene switch to a person all bandage up lay in a hospital bed . a nurse talk to dr . hoffman . nurse Doctor ? the transfer personal be here . dr . hoffman Smith 's Grove ? man yes . dr . hoffman I be Dr. hoffman , Medical administrator . man have he be prepped ? dr . hoffman ready to go . who sign for he ? man I do . dr . hoffman outside . man ( to woman ) check he out . the man and the Dr. hoffman both leave the room while the woman go to check out the patient . she feel for he blood pressure and then he hand fall out from under the sheet . the scene then go to the Dr. and the man . man I would assume Dr. loomis would be here . Michael myer be he patient . dr . hoffman if loomis read memo he 's be here . fortunately he position be more ceremonial then medical . my hope be that he 's either transfer , retire , or die . woman all right . let move he . ext . ridgemont state penitentiary Michael be be wheeled out to the ambulance . man watch it . dr . hoffman I can safely say that Michael myer be now in you hand . man yeah . well I guess you happy to see he go . they put myer in and close the door . man ( cont would ) night doc. dr . hoffman drive carefully . they drive off , leave hoffman stand there . he 's glad . Michael meyer be finally away from he . int . ambulance the woman and man be talk , a unconscious Michael meyer between they . woman do hoffman say anything about live relative ? man yeah a niece live in he home town . close on : Michael 's hand . it slowly grip he blanket . the terror have awaken ... resume on man and woman woman and ? man and ? she 's too young to be he legal ward . woman so the state own he ? great . man you know I still do not understand ... suddenly , Michael 's hand shoot forward , grab he head . the woman scream as Michael repeatedly push the man 's head into a wall . blood smear along the wall . the woman sink down onto the floor , scream . woman no ! Michael dig he finger deep into the man 's skull , draw blood . CUT to : int . corruther ' house / live room - night jamie lloyd , Laurie 's nine year old daughter , sit on the couch , stare out the window . a ambulance sit outside . Jamie be very pretty with dark hair . sunday , the family dog , sit next to she . rachel , the corruther ' only daughter , come into the live room . she 's about 16 , 17 . her blond hair fall around she shoulder . she sit down next to Jamie . rachel kido . it 's four in the morning . jamie I can not sleep . rachel what be this ? four night in a row ? you go for a record here ? the seven year old insomniacs hall of fame ? jamie do you love I Rachel ? rachel oh , serious question tonight . of course I love you . jamie like a sister ? rachel Jamie , sometimes it 's ... jamie like a real sister ? rachel we be not real sister Jamie , but that do not mean I love you any less . Jamie look out the window and see that the ambulance be go . jamie sure it do . rachel I know you miss you parent , its have not be that long . jamie it 's be eleven month . rachel you mother use to baby - sit I when I be you age . I bet you do not know that . jamie you lucky . I wish she could do the same for I . rachel come on Jamie , let go back to bed . come on Sunday . she call Sunday and he follow they . int . jamie' room rachel sleep tight . we will have french toast for breakfast , okay ? come on Sunday . night night . she leave , close the door behind she . the window be open , band wind blow inside , chill the room . Jamie walk over to close it , and as she do , she pass she vanity , with a large mirror in the center surround by two mirror on both side . Thunder light up the room , and Michael , mask in place , be see in the mirror . Jamie do not notice . Jamie close the window and look around . she walk to the closet and open it . she sit on the floor and pick up a box . she take off the lid and go through the various picture inside . she come to a picture and pull it out . it 's a picture of Laurie hold a pumpkin , smile . Jamie begin to cry . Thunder rumble outside . Jamie put the picture back in the box and close the closet door . she walk over to she bed and get on she knee , about to pray . jamie now , I lay I down to sleep I pray the lord my soul to keep , if I should die before I wake I pray the lord my soul to take . God bless Mr. and Mrs. corruther . God bless Rachel , God bless Sunday , god bless I . and god bless mommy and daddy in heaven . amen . she 's about to crawl into bed when the closet door creak open . strange . Jamie slowly stand up and walk over to the closet . she grab the door and open it . on the floor be she doll . she pick it up and set it on a shelf . Jamie turn , but a creak noise behind she grab she attention . she look back into the closet , but of course nothing be there . she stand for a minute , she mind in overdrive . she dismiss the noise and close the door . she walk to she bed as thunder rumble in the distance . again , the closet door creak open . Jamie just stand there . why be the door open ? she slowly head towards the closet , she eye roam the room . suddenly , a hand snake out from under the bed and grab Jamie ! she scream and fall to the floor . her tiny hand flail about on the floor , try to find a handhold . she kick and get she foot free . she race towards the door . at the bed , a figure sit up and turn to face we , even though he be bath in darkness . lighting crack outside , and the room be illuminate . it 's Michael ! Jamie scream and run to she door , but it will not open . jamie help ! help I , please ! Michael stand up . he have a knife in he hand . jamie help I ! somebody help I ! she finally get the door open , only to reveal ... michael , knife high in the air , prepare to strike . Jamie scream and back up in fear as Michael advance . ext . hallway a door fly open and darlene , Jamie 's foster - mother , run out into the hall , closely follow by richard , Jamie 's foster - father . darlene Jamie ! int . jamie' bedroom darlene fling the closet open to find Jamie , eye close , clutching the box full of picture . darlene drop to she knee and embrace Jamie . darlene oh dear God . its all right ... a bad dream , just a nasty old dream . richard it 's okay .. it 's okay . Richard take Jamie in he arm . richard you gonna be fine . just fine . ext . corruther ' house - morning they be house be a nice red brick with two storey . look to be early victorian style . in the street , child ride bike and walk . superimpose : haddonfield , illinois october 31 , 1988 halloween int . corruther ' kitchen darlene be make egg . Richard bend down to pick up he coffee and he tie dip into it . richard dammit , darlene . darlene look over and see he tie , wet . the phone ring . darlene clean one in the laundry room next to you blue slack . ( pick up phone ) hello ? richard honey , this tie have a spot on it , I can not wear this today . I get a 10:30 with Chuck . Rachel come into the kitchen and begin open cabinet and pull out stuff . she go over to where darlene be talk . darlene ( into phone ) hang on Mrs. pierce. ( to Richard ) not that tie , on the other side . ( to Rachel ) that 's not the only thing you eat Rachel . rachel Mom , I be on a diet . you want a oinker for a daughter ? richard found it . darlene ( into phone ) sorry . do you suppose Susan could just bring she crutch ? oh , stupid question . tell she I hope she feel better . ( hang up ) Susan 's mother , she can not baby - sit tonight . richard why not ? darlene Susan break she ankle last night at the ice rink ( turn to Rachel ) Rachel ? rachel Mom , please darlene you will have to watch Jamie tonight . rachel not tonight . I have get that date with brady . you know how important that be . darlene well tonight be very important for you father and I . rachel can not you find somebody else ? darlene its too late . rachel what be I suppose to tell brady ? sorry , but I have get to baby - sit my foster sister , go and have fun by yourself . darlene its not exactly the end of the world , for goodness sake Jamie appear in the doorway . Rachel do not notice she . rachel sure it be . I think tonight brady be ready to make a commitment . but now my future relationship , my engagement , my marriage , my child , you grandchild , have all be wipe out because I have to baby sit tonight . jamie I be sorry I ruin everything . if I be not here you could go out . she run off . Rachel groan . rachel oh ... richard good job Rachel . that little girl need all the love we can give she right now and all you can do be think about yourself . Rachel get up and head out of the kitchen . int . jamie' room there 's a knock at the door . it open and Rachel come inside . Jamie sit on the bed , petting Sunday . Rachel sit down . rachel Jamie , I be sorry . I do not mean it like that . I can go out with brady tomorrow night . its no big deal . jamie but you want to go out tonight . it 's my fault that you can not . rachel well tonight we be go to do something better . we be go to go trick - or-treate . jamie I do not want to . rachel it 's Halloween . I mean do not you want to get dress up in a really scary costume and get some candy ? Jamie just sit there . Rachel have to try a different tactic . rachel how about this afternoon I pick you up from school and we go get ice cream ? jamie double scoops ? rachel ( laugh ) double scoops . now let get some breakfast . int . ridgemont state penitentiary corridor dr . loomis walk down the hallway , limping . he have burn scar on he face and hand . he walk to a door . int . dr . hoffman' office hoffman sit at he desk , type . loomis why be not I notify ? dr . hoffman about what ? loomis you know damn well about what . you let they take it out of here . dr . hoffman for Christ sake . spare I the speech . I have listen to it for a decade . the fact be that Michael myer be a federal patient , and a federal prisoner therefore he be subject to federal law . loomis we be not talk about any ordinary prisoner hoffman ! we be talk about evil on two leg . dr . hoffman I can see this be useless . loomis do you know what today be ? do you know the date ? everyday I look at myself in the mirror and everyday I remember . look at I hoffman , take a good look . he hold up he hand and indicate he face . loomis I do not want to have anyone live through that night again . dr . hoffman I have say this before . I think you the one who need medical help . his phone ring . he answer it . dr . hoffman yes , Dr. hoffman ... I see ... I see ... thank you . he hang up . he look at loomis , not sure how to say this . dr . hoffman apparently there be a accident . just south of mill Creek near the ... but loomis be not listen . he bolt to the door . dr . hoffman loomis ! loomis ! ext . road / accident scene Road flare be light and toss on the ground . Police tape be strung up . loomis 's car come roaring down the road . it pull up to the accident scene . a officer wave they , on . the car come to a stop and loomis and Dr. hoffman climb out . loomis be that it ? he point to the overturn ambulance in the pond . dr . hoffman yes . a cop come over to they . dr . hoffman when do this happen ? cop sometime in the night . they probably lose the road in the storm . come down the embankment . it happen . dr . hoffman a accident ? cop yes , sir . loomis do you believe that ? he start walk towards the pond . Dr. hoffman can not believe loomis . dr . hoffman why should not I ? loomis how many people in the bus ? dr . hoffman four plus myer . loomis how many body do you find ? cop it 's hard to tell , there all chew up . dr . hoffman loomis , it 's over . leave it alone . loomis just stand there for a minute , then walk into the pond . the water be not very high , and loomis use he cane for support . he walk to the back of the ambulance and look inside . everything be bloody . the bed be tip and splatter with blood . loomis know what happen . he know . loomis turn away from the scene of bloody carnage and walk back to shore . loomis he 's go . he be here , and he 's go . Dr. hoffman do you find any other body ? cop not yet . there 's a lot of ground to cover . loomis you will not find he . he 's do all this . now he 's escape . Dr. hoffman you do not know that . Michael could have be throw from the bus . cop I have see body throw 50 - 60 foot from a crash site . dr . hoffman look , even if by some miracle Michael be conscience , he muscle would be totally useless . give the trooper a chance to search . loomis you talk about he as if he be a human be . that part of he die year ago . he begin walk back to he car . dr . hoffman now where be you go ? loomis haddonfield . it 's a four hour drive . you can reach I through the local police . if you do not find he in four hour , I be sure I will . int . garage / gas station a mechanic work underneath a car . he call out to another mechanic . mechanic hey , gar ! how about a 9/16 wrench over here ?! he get no response . he wipe off he hand with a rag and slide out from underneath the car . he gasp . michael stand above he , pole in hand . he smashes it into the mechanic 's stomach , kill he instantly . ext . gas station loomis 's car pull up to the gas station . loomis turn the car off and get outside . he yell out to the gas station . loomis hey ! hey there ! hello ? no response . loomis grab the gas nozzle . he bend he license plate back and unscrew the cap lid . Pov - through garage window someone be watch loomis as he pump gas . angle on - loomis he finish pump the gas and place the nozzle back on the pump . he reach into he coat for he wallet . he walk into the garage . int . garage loomis search through the garage . loomis hello ? hello ? be anybody here ? hello ? hello ? loomis pass a big hook , and suddenly there 's a rattling behind he . he turn to see the mechanic , tie up with chain , dead . loomis race outside . ext . garage loomis race for the small store next to the garage . int . store loomis throw open the door and look around . loomis be anybody here ? no response . loomis pull out he small gun . he spot a phone behind the counter . he race to it , but stop when he see the dead waitress lay on the ground . loomis God in heaven . he look at the phone , but it 's break . loomis glance around the store , and see a pay phone on the back wall . he walk over to it and grab the phone . the cord have be rip out . suddenly , he feel eye on he back . he turn . loomis Michael ? and sure enough , there be Michael , wear a pair of coverall , stand in the doorway to the kitchen . loomis why now ? you wait 10 year . I know this day would come . do not go to haddonfield . he take a step closer to Michael . loomis if you want another victim take I , but leave that people in peace . please Michael ... God damn you ... he raise the gun and fire two or three time before realize Michael be go ... he rush to the window and peer outside . he hear a car door slam close . ext . gas station loomis come outside and look around . loomis Michael ?! suddenly , the garage door break open as the towing truck come roaring outside . loomis take aim and fire , but he bullet do nothing to stop the truck . loomis jump out of the way . the truck hit one of the pump , toss it into the air . Fire erupt , engulf the other pump , then loomis 's car . a huge explosion ensue . loomis jump behind some barrel . the truck take off down the road . the fire spread to the electrical pole and blow the fuse box . the wire snap free . int . jamie' school the bell ring and all the child come pour out . they all wear costume , except Jamie . she go over to a rack and grab she lunch box . Three kide surround she . boy 1 hey Jamie ! where 's you costume ? boy 2 where 's you mask ? or be you wear it ? jamie I do not need to wear a stupid costume . boy 1 that 's because everyday be Halloween at Jamie 's house . right Jamie . because you uncle be the bogeyman . the kid start chant bogeyman . girl how come you mommy do not make you a costume ? boy 2 how could she ? her mommy 's dead . boy 1 Jamie 's mommy 's a mummy . jamie stop it okay ? stop it she start walk away . the kid begin chant , " Jamie 's a orphan . " jamie stop it . please stop it . ext . school Jamie run outside , but the kid ' chant still haunt she . she run over to a tree and begin cry . she immediately stop . jamie . you be okay . you be okay . a car pull up . Rachel stick she arm out and wave . rachel Jamie ! Jamie turn . Rachel notice that something be wrong . rachel Jamie , be you okay ? Jamie get in the car and they drive off . int . car Jamie sit in between Rachel and she friend Lindsay . rachel you remember Lindsay do not you ? lindsay hi Jamie . jamie hi. rachel you ready for some Ice cream ? jamie I wanna go trick - or-treate like the other kid . rachel but I think you do not want to go trick - or-treate . lindsay you know rach , Discount Mart be have a sale on Halloween costume . rachel no. brady 's work there till 6:00 today . lindsay I know ! do not you want to talk to he ? rachel I do not want to look pushy . lindsay you will not look pushy . rachel well I do not want to come on too strong . a guy hate a girl to come on strong . fragile ego and all of that . lindsay you will not come on too strong . rachel well I do not want to seem desperate or anything . lindsay fact it rach , you be desperate . ( silence ) you just go to go in and buy a costume for Jamie . perfectly legit . rachel I do not know . lindsay well do I drop you off at the Discount Mart or the dairy Queen ? rachel Jamie ? jamie the Discount Mart . can we get Ice cream after ? rachel you bet . they continue drive . int . discount mart WADE , a teen around Rachel 's age , try on sunglass , look into a mirror . but he 's really stare at kelly , a beautiful blond teen with look that could kill . the only problem be she 's sheriff meeker 's daughter . brady , Rachel 's boyfriend , and another guy be by Wade . brady stand behind a counter while the guy stand next to Wade . brady hey Wade , why do not you go ahead and make you move ? WADE do not rush I brady . timing get to be premo . brady yeah well , money talk and bullshit walk . you know what I mean ? he throw a wad of bill onto the counter . guy double or nothing you do not ask Kelly out . brady all right , ten buck . let see it . Wade and the guy place they money on the counter . guy he 's not gonna do it . brady Chicken . guy do not forget man , she 's sheriff meeker 's daughter WADE her daddy do not scare I . he make he way over to Kelly , who be stand on a step stool , place bottle onto a shelf . Wade cough to get she attention . she turn and look at he . kelly fuck off Wade . Wade turn to brady and the guy , hurt . Kelly go back to shelving bottle . brady and the guy start laugh . ext . discount mart Lindsay 's car pull up to the curb and stop . Rachel and Jamie get out . Rachel call to Lindsay . rachel call I . lindsay okay , bye . they go inside and Lindsay drive off . we see a familiar tow truck sit opposite the Discount Mart ... int . discount mart brady immediately spot Rachel and Jamie as they walk inside . brady Rachel ! what be you do here ? I think I be suppose to pick you up ? rachel Jamie need a Halloween costume . brady ( to Jamie ) you do ? okay . go down aisle a . we have get the best costume in the whole town . jamie ( to Rachel ) come on Rachel . rachel in a second . Jamie head for the costume aisle while Rachel talk to brady . rachel we need to talk . brady okay sure . what about ? rachel its about tonight . CUT to : Jamie , wander the aisle . there be all sort of mask . she pass by a white one . she look through the rack and see a clown costume . jamie Rachel , I find the perfect costume come see . CUT to : Rachel and brady kissing . Rachel pull away . brady what ? rachel my parent baby -sitter cancel . brady so ? rachel so I have to watch Jamie tonight . brady when do you find this out ? rachel this morning . brady well you find out this morning ? why do not you tell I before ? I mean it 's 5 o'clock now Rachel ... shit rachel do not get angry . brady I be not angry it 's just Kelly look over . a plan be form in she head . brady can I come over after Jamie 's asleep ? rachel my parent be go to come home early tonight . brady so ? rachel I do not know brady . brady okay , I guess . I will call you later . he walk away . CUT to : Jamie look at herself in the mirror with the costume . on another aisle , a burn hand reach down and grab the white mask . Jamie continue to look into the mirror , when suddenly she image change to a little boy in a clown costume hold a knife . she step back in fear and bump into Michael . he pull on the white mask . he reach out for she and Jamie scream . she back up into the mirror , shatter it . shard of glass go fly . Jamie sink to the ground . Rachel come run over , and Michael be no where to be see . rachel Jamie , what happen ? jamie it be the nightmare man rachel what ? jamie he 's come to get I Rachel . Kelly walk over . rachel you okay . you probably see a mask and it scared you . at least you not cut . come on , let go home . brady , Wade , and the guy come over . guy everything okay ? rachel she will be fine . they get up and leave . nobody notice Michael 's reflection in a break piece of glass ... ext . road - middle of nowhere loomis walk down the road , beat . his throat be parched and he foot be tired , but he march on . a station wagon speed down the road , and loomis try to flag it down , bit it speed past he . a car speed past he , then stop . it 's full of cheerleader and a guy guy come on old man ! loomis begin hobbling towards the car while the cheerleader shout at he to hurry . as he get closer , the car take off , make dust fly into the air . we can hear the people laugh . loomis stand in the road , reject . suddenly , there 's a honk behind he . he turn to see a truck , pete sayer at the wheel . sayer get in here old man . loomis walk over to the truck and get in . int . truck a very old , beat up truck . sayer be a old , eccentric man live in he own fantasy land . loomis thank you . sayer anything for a fellow pilgrim . sometimes we need help get where we want to be . ( sneeze ) reverend Jackson Pete sayer of dumon County , please to make you aquanaut . loomis how far be you go , Mr. sayer ? sayer god country , promise land . where be you head mr..ah loomis loomis . haddonfield . sayer car trouble ? loomis sort of . sayer you hunt it , be not ya ? yeah , you hunt it all right , just like I . loomis what be you hunt , Mr. sayer ? sayer apocalypse , end of the world , armageddon . its always get a face and a name . he take a drink of the liquor . hunting the bastard for 30 year give or take . come close a time or two . too damn close . you can not kill damnation Mr. it do not die like a man die . loomis I know that Mr. sayer . sayer oh you a pilgrim all right . I see it on you face back there in the dust . I see it clear as breast and blue suede shoe . would you like a drink ? ( hand loomis the bottle who take it . ) ext . haddonfield - night it 's Halloween night , and the child be out . but not all be collect treat . a few kide throw toilet paper over a tree , then run away laugh . int . corruther ' house Richard and darlene be at the front door , get ready to leave . Jamie be in the kitchen scraping off a plate . richard okay Jamie , we be leave . where 's rach ? jamie I do not know . Rachel come into the live room . rachel here I be . richard come on , hon . he take Jamie 's hand and lead she into the foyer . darlene how do we look ? rachel you guy always look great . darlene we will be at the fallbrook . the number 's next to the phone . rachel I know , and next to that be the police , hospital , fire , and probably National Guard . richard I want you two to have fun tonight . make sure Jamie 's in bed by 9:30 . Rachel open the door and she parent step outside . michael be Pov - through bushes Richard and darlene be at the doorway . rachel you be gonna be late . you do not want to blow you promotion . richard do not make fun . tonight be the difference between vacation in bermuda , or spend another two week in Cleveland with you grandmother . rachel so hurry up . jamie bye . richard see ya . rachel good luck , dad . they leave . int . live room Jamie turn to Rachel , barely contain she excitement . jamie Rachel , can I go get my costume on ? rachel yeah , hurry up . Jamie hurry upstairs . Rachel make sure she 's upstairs , then walk into the live room . michael be Pov - through window Rachel walk into the live room . the Pov walk past the brick wall to the other window . Rachel be sit in a chair , phone to she head . rachel be brady there ? ( pause ) he 's not back from work yet ? ( pause ) okay ... well when he come in could you tell he to drop by at about eight . I should be home by then . ( pause ) this be Rachel . okay , bye . Rachel hang up , depressed . she call up to Jamie . rachel come on Jamie , you gonna miss all the good candy . int . jamie' room Jamie sit on she bed , clown costume on . she pull on the small face mask , which look like a dorkier version 's of Robin 's mask . ext . corruther ' house - michael' Pov Rachel get up off the chair and move out of we line of site . rachel come on Jamie . ext . corruther ' house - front lawn we see Jamie come run down the step . she open the front door . jamie come on Rachel ! rachel come . jamie I think you say you be ready . rachel I be ready . I be ready . okay , let 's go . they leave the house , Jamie excited . Rachel close the door . and off they go . int . corruther ' house - michael' Pov he 's make he way upstairs . int . jamie' room the box full of picture have be throw down , all the picture scattered . a burnt hand come into view , and start go through the picture . they be picture of Laurie and Jamie at a earlier age . int . police station loomis come in . loomis ah , I need to speak with sheriff bracket . hank , the cop on duty , turn from he desk . hank well then , you will have to travel about 3 thousand mile south of here . loomis what ? hank bracket retire in ' 81 . go to St. Petersburg loomis oh. well , who 's the new sheriff ? BEN meeker , the new sheriff of haddonfield , walk over to loomis . he 's a man in he early forty with a air of power . not a man whom who should cross . meeker I be . Ben meeker . loomis oh , sheriff meeker , my name be Dr. ... meeker ( cut he off ) loomis . folk around here be not likely to forget you face . at least not cop . so what bring you back here after 10 year ? loomis Michael myer have escape from ridgemont . he 's here in haddonfield . meeker that 's impossible . Michael myer be a invalid . loomis he 's here , sheriff . meeker why ? loomis 10 year ago he try to kill Laurie strode , and now he want she daughter . meeker be you talk about Jamie Lloyd ? loomis where ever she be , that little girl be in mortal danger . meeker myer have be lock up since before she be bear . he 's never laid eye on she . he turn he back , and start to move off . loomis six body , sheriff ! that 's what I have see between here and ridgemont . a fill station in flame . I be tell you Michael myer be here in this town . he 's here to kill that little girl and anybody that get in he way . meeker hank , call the trooper and check he story out . ( to loomis ) and assume what you say be true .. loomis its true , sheriff . meeker all right , all right . its true , what the hell can we do to avoid a repeat of what happen 10 year ago ? loomis find this little girl , get she somewhere safe . call the local t.v. station . tell they to get people off the street and behind lock door . hank can not get long distance , sheriff . Operator say the line be down . meeker ( to loomis ) all right , let go . loomis when he make that call . meeker all right . pierce , do it . let check on this little girl . he and loomis leave the station . ext . street of haddonfield Jamie be at a house , get candy . jamie thanks ! she take off to the next house . Rachel can hardly keep up . rachel Jamie , wait for I . jamie this be great Rachel . come on . she take off for the next house . Rachel be less than enthuse . she slowly make she way to the next house , a mob of kid run past she . Jamie be already at the next house . she knock on the door . a woman answer the door . jamie trick -or-treat . woman my what a cute little clown . let see what I have for you . there you be , sweetheart . jamie thank you . rachel thank you . woman you be welcome . they get back on the sidewalk . rachel have enough ? jamie no way ! Halloween 's great . can we stay out all night ? rachel forget it kido . we be home by eight o'clock . they cross the street and meet a group of four kid , one of whom be the boy who tease Rachel . kid 1 look , there 's Jamie . Jamie and Rachel stop . kid 1 that clown costume be really cool . jamie really ? kid 2 yeah . nobody notice Michael , stand across the street , hide in the shadow of the garage . kid 1 hey wanna go with we ? Jamie look to Rachel for permission . rachel go ahead . the kid run to another house . it 's a brick house with two storey , a attic , and a basement . the kid ring the doorbell . the door open to reveal Kelly meeker , wear a long T-shirt that say , " good cop do it by the book . " she see Rachel and glance back into the house . kelly hi Rachel . rachel hi. Kelly start to give the kid candy , a big smile on she face . Rachel glance back into the house and see brady come down the stair . Rachel can not believe it . as the kid start to leave , Rachel turn in disgust and follow . brady come racing out of the house . brady Rachel ! Rachel ! Kelly stop he . kelly brady ! brady just a second . he race off after Jamie . brady Rachel , I have get a expl -- I have get a explanation . rachel you do not owe I anything . Jamie walk on with the rest of the kid . kid hey Jamie come with we . jamie okay ! Jamie follow the other kid , leave Rachel and brady to argue . rachel just leave I alone and let forget it . brady no , you do not understand . he glance over at Kelly stand in the doorway . brady I mean , you blow off we date at last minute . rachel so you hop on to the next best thing ? I think you be different from other guy . brady I be different , it 's just that I just get piss off ... that 's all . rachel oh really ? well , I will just let you get back to little Ms. hot panty . she start to walk away . brady Rachel ! but Rachel do not care . rachel Jamie ! brady put he hand behind he head and watch Rachel go . he mess up big time . kelly brady , be you come in or what ? brady take one more glance at Rachel then go back inside . Rachel look around for Jamie , but do not see she or the kid she be with . rachel Jamie ! Jamie ! great Rachel , just great . int . bar a very noisy bar , just like any other . a t.v. position behind the bar be turn on . reporter by order of the sheriff 's office , all citizen of haddonfield be ask to clear the street . earl , the store 's proprietor , watch the news . earl everybody shut up a goddamn minute . shut up ! reporter all business be ask to close as soon as possible . guy what 's all that shot about , Earl ? Earl pick up a phone and start dial the police station guy not like 'ol Ben meeker do something like that . earl sure be not . martian could land on Ben 's doorstep , all he would do be spit once and get himself a shot gun . guy who you call ? earl Police station . I be not close down with out a good goddamn reason . guy 2 well ? earl it just ring . he hang up and take a swig of a beer . then he 's off . he look at the other . earl well , come on . Jackie , watch the register for I , hun . jackie you get it Earl . as Earl and the other man leave , all the other people in the bar stop what they be do and follow . ext . bar Earl and the other pile out of the bar . guy what 's go down ? guy 2 where be we go Earl ? earl we be go to ben' . the phone never just ring at a police station . guy no way . no how . guy 2 wake up the sheriff . they all get in they truck and rive off . a hillbilly mob . int . corruther ' house the door open and meeker come in , hold a shotgun . loomis be right behind he . int . jamie' room the door open and loomis step inside . he try the light switch . nothing . loomis be not surprised . he look around . that 's when he spot the picture on the ground . he bend down and pick they up . as he do this , he notice something even worse . meeker come inside . meeker something ? loomis he 's be here . meeker how do you know ? loomis look at the closet . meeker follow he gaze . in the closet be Sunday , dead . meeker this be start to spook I . loomis least I be not alone . int . live room meeker and loomis come down the stair . logan , a deputy with blond hair in he late thirty , stand in the live room . meeker Logan , I want you to stay here in case the family get back . logan right here , Ben . meeker you look sharp . you understand ? logan no problem , sheriff . loomis and meeker leave . ext . power plant bucky , a electrician , open a fuse box . he try a fuse switch . nothing . he pop a piece of gum in he mouth . he glance up , and see Michael , stand behind he truck . bucky hey you ! this be city property . no trespasp . he walk over to Michael , who just stand there , bath in darkness . bucky what be you , deaf ? do not try that Halloween shit with I . all right , I be on the telephone to the police right now . do not you even think about leave . he turn and begin to walk towards the phone . Michael begin follow . bucky turn and Michael grab he shirt and belt , and throw he through the air . bucky land on a power unit , and spark fly . the whole place buzze while bucky scream . ext . house the light go off . ext . power plant bucky continue to fry , while spark shoot up into the air . Michael turn away . ext . house the light flicker , then go off . ext . power plant a huge explosion rip the beam , and then all be quiet . poor bucky be fry to a crisp . ext . street of haddonfield the kid be still trick - or-treate , but they parent drive up in car and collect they . the kid complain , but the parent be very firm . meanwhile , Rachel wander the street . she stop in the middle of a street . rachel Jamie ! no response . Rachel begin walk . michael be Pov - through broken window he be breathe heavily . rachel Jamie ! angle on - rachel she sigh and move on . ext . haddonfield STREET Jamie be lose and alone , scared . she be in the bad part of town , and have no one to go to . suddenly , a noise behind she . she turn around . a bush be move . but be it the wind , or something far more sinister ? jamie Rachel ? be that you ? be that you ? Jamie turn away , very frighten . she start walk . behind she , on a porch , be a grin jack - o- lantern . ext . STREET Rachel be also scared , but try not to show it . rachel Jamie ? Jamie ! she stop walk , and hear a branch snap behind she . she glance behind she . she sigh and start walk again . rachel Jamie ? she look past a house into a alley . it 's a dead end . rachel Jamie ? Rachel sigh . she could be anywhere . Rachel glance the other way and see a dirt road . but that 's not what attract she attention . it 's the man that do . his upper body be shroud in smoke . he begin walk towards Rachel . she back away and run down the alley . she jump onto the tire and grab a hold of the fence . she begin to climb it , go as fast as she can . when she reach the top she jump down to the ground , and take off run . rachel oh God ! she run down a alley and jump over a small fence separate two lawn . she run onto the sidewalk . rachel ( scared ) Jamie . she take off run . ext . STREET Jamie walk down a dark street . she hear rustling behind she . she turn around and look behind she at all the tree and the old house . jamie whoever you be , I have a really big dog with I and he bite . in the background , Rachel come run across a lawn . Jamie turn and see Rachel . Rachel rush over to Jamie . rachel Jamie ! where have you be ? do not ever go off on you own at night again okay ? not ever . they hug , both glad for the company . suddenly , headlight illuminate they . they look over to see a cop car . meeker and loomis get out . meeker Rachel , Jamie . thank God ! rachel what 's go on ? loomis get in the car . come on , quick . Rachel and Jamie hurry to the car and get in the back . meeker make he way over to the driver 's side . loomis be about to get in when he see he . Michael , stand across the street , hide behind a row of bush . meeker spot he too . meeker be that he ? be that he ? loomis yes . across the street behind meeker another Michael appear . meeker turn and spot he . then a third Michael appear . meeker oh Christ . Doc ... loomis dear God . loomis pull out he gun . which Michael be real . he take aim and be about to fire when : boy ( pull off mask ) hey ! do not shoot ! the other two also pull of they mask , and run away , laugh and taunting . meeker get home dammit . there 's a curfew . if I catch you ass , it will be a weekend in jail . you all right Doc ? come on , we will get to the station and get this kid safe . in the car , Jamie begin to cry . rachel okay . meeker and loomis get in the car and drive off . meeker ( on cb ) come in pierce . behind they stand the real Michael myer , watch , wait . int . police station the whole place have be wreck . papers and equipment have be strewn about . meeker and loomis survey the destruction . meeker oh Christ . they would not have give up without a fight . loomis they do not know what they be fight . meeker make he way deeper into the station . he stop when he spot hank , stab and cut in so many place . he can not believe he eye . meeker how can a man do this loomis ? tell I . loomis it be not a man . meeker what be he ? tell I ! what the hell be we deal with ? loomis evil . with that , loomis exit the police station . ext . police station Rachel and Jamie be still in the car , Jamie sleep . the three truck full of hill billy drive up , and Jamie wake up . meeker and loomis come out of the police station as the hillbilly pile out of the truck . earl what in Sam Hill be go on ? meeker go on home Earl . it 's police business . guy what the hell do this ? earl look to I like you out of business . now I want some answer . meeker I have not get the time or the patience to argue with you . now go home to you family where you belong . the man start talk and cause a big commotion . loomis decide to end it . loomis it be Michael myer . he 's come home to kill . meeker let it be Earl . let the police handle it . earl like the last time ? how many people kill back then ? how many kid ? guy Al here lose he boy 10 year back . al well not this time , Ben . I will handle this my own way . we be gonna fry he ass . the other agree and head for the truck . meeker turn on loomis . meeker you son of a bitch , you just create a lynch mob . loomis you have not get a police force ! this man may be the only defense you have get . the man get in they truck and drive off . meeker watch they go . meeker God help we . ext . corruther ' house Logan run out of the house , close the door behind he . he run to he car and climb inside . he grab he cb . logan 132 to 133 this be 134 . meeker this be 132 , over . logan ben-uh - I just hear about the station . the camera pan back to show Michael 's burn hand clutching the backseat . meeker go to my house . we will call the state force from there . logan I will be there in 5 minute . he start the car and pull out of the driveway . as he car speed down the road , the corruther ' car enter they driveway . darlene get out , afraid . darlene honey , I do not think they home . richard how do you know they not ? darlene because the light be all out . richard I tell they to be here by nine . its not 9:30 yet . darlene we should call the fire department . richard I be not call the fire department . they run inside . ext . park Earl 's truck go down the road . the hillbilly search . guy there he be ... I have see he face right there Al , in that bush . they all climb out of the truck and take aim at some bush . the bush move and all the hillbilly open fire . for what seem like hour the hillbilly shoot , until they be positive he 's dead . they rush over to the bush . guy shit , Earl . it 's Ted holster . earl you dumb son of a bitch , you say you see myer . int . meeker' house Kelly and brady be on the floor , make out . brady slide Kelly 's shirt up to reveal she panty . they be kissing passionately . kelly let go upstairs . brady no , I think we be do just fine here . Kelly take off she shirt , revealing she bra . brady oh , I think I be in Heaven . Kelly giggle . brady take off he shirt . Kelly slowly reach behind she back and begin to remove it . she do it slowly , coyly . she slide one strap off , then the other . she hide she breast and lean down , and brady 's hand be all over she . suddenly , headlight appear on the wall . brady oh shit ! kelly it 's my dad ! brady you dad ? you dad !!! ext . meeker' house the cop car pull in the driveway . int . live room Kelly and brady be hastily get dress . kelly God , if he catch we like this he 's go to skin you alive for starter . brady what ? Kelly grab she bra and stuff it underneath a couch cushion . kelly come on . come on . ext . outside the foursome have pile out of the car and be head towards the house . loomis where 's that deputy ? meeker be here in a minute . they go inside . a few second later , Logan pull up . int . live room brady sit down in a chair . Kelly toss he a magazine . he pretend to read it . meeker and the other come inside . Rachel see brady and know exactly what happen . meeker Rachel , take you sister upstairs . first door on the right . kelly dad , what 's go on ? meeker Kelly , I want you to close and lock all the downstairs window . kelly why ? meeker just do it . loomis where 's the radio ? meeker right through the kitchen you will see the basement stair . ( to brady ) brady , you know how to use a gun ? brady yes sir . meeker go to the gun cabinet , and pull out a shot gun , hand it to brady . meeker think you can handle that ? brady yeah , um , you want to tell I what 's happen ? meeker yeah , when I have time . Logan come inside . meeker you get you riot gun ? logan yeah in the trunk of my squad . meeker go get it . he grab a box full of bullet and hand they to brady . meeker take this . he then give brady the toolbox . meeker okay , you get a hammer and roofing nail . I want you up in the attic secure it so that nobody can get in . brady you know , if something 's happen , I should just go call my parent . meeker just get up in the attic . as brady turn to go up to the attic , meeker stop he . meeker oh yeah , I catch you grop my daughter I will use that shot gun on you . you understand ? brady nod and head for the stair , more than a little scared . ext . outside / driveway Logan walk out to he car . he see that the one of the back seat door be open . he close it , only a little worried . he go to he trunk and open it . he pull out he riot gun and close the trunk . he head for the house . meeker get the outside shutter . logan what be we do ? meeker make sure that no one can get in here . logan be not this all a little paranoid ? meeker if you would see that police station you would not even ask . int . bedroom brady stop at the doorway and look in at Rachel and Jamie . brady be you two okay ? rachel we have be better . brady what 's go on ? rachel Michael myer . brady who 's that ? rachel 10 year ago ? Halloween ? he 's Jamie 's uncle . jamie the kid at school be right . brady um , I be gonna be outside , upstairs in the attic . Logan be out fix the shutter and brady go into the attic . kelly that 's all the window , dad . meeker all right . good good . Logan I want you right here by the front door . this be the dead bolt key . he lock the door . meeker now I pad lock the back door , this be the only way in and out of this house . you get that ? logan get it ben. he turn to Kelly , who 's just stand there . meeker why do not you go make some coffee . kelly all right . int . attic brady be nail a window shut . suddenly , he hit he finger with a hammer . brady oh shit ! he hear a noise come from some dark corner of the attic . brady hello ?... who 's there ? CUT to : int . bedroom Jamie and Rachel lay on the bed , try to go to sleep . but after all they have be through , it might be a while before either of they get a good night rest . jamie can we go home soon Rachel ? rachel Real soon , Jamie . now shh . int . basement loomis and meeker walk over to the radio . meeker sit down in front of it . loomis how 's it power ? meeker battery . I plan the generator for the house next week . I wish I have not wait . ( into radio ) this be squawk 79er zero of haddonfield broadcasting on the state police emergency frequency . can anyone hear I ? he get nothing but static , so he switch frequency . meeker can anyone here I ? ( static ) dammit . int . live room Logan sit in the rock chair , shotgun in he hand . he slowly rock back and forth . Kelly be in the kitchen make coffee . Rachel come down the stair and walk over to Logan . logan everything all right ? rachel Jamie 's sleep . when can we go home ? logan State police will get here soon . not long after that . do not worry . rachel I be try . logan it will not be long . myer face appear in the next room . you can barely see it , but Logan sense its presence and turn to look . but Michael have already disappear from view . int . basement loomis and meeker be listen to the radio , try to contact help . loomis I hear someone . frank this be Frank bute over in tuckerville you get some kind of emergency ? meeker oh Christ . this be Ben meeker . sheriff over in haddonfield . we phone and power line be down and we have a killer run lose in the street . Michael myer . frank be this some kind of Halloween prank ? meeker this be no joke . we need that trooper and we need they now . frank all right . I will get that trooper right away , hang on I will need some information . meeker I be not go anywhere Mr. bute . int . live room loomis come up the stair . he meet Rachel , who be just enter the live room . he inquiry about Jamie . loomis Rachel , be you sister all right ? rachel she 's fine . loomis good. ( to Logan ) sheriff 's radioe for help . they will be here soon . logan Hell of a night . loomis its not over yet . logan where be you go ? loomis the corruther 's house . that 's where Jamie life , that 's where he will go . logan leave myer for the state boy . loomis the state police will not know how to stop he . logan do you ? loomis maybe nobody know how to stop he , but I have get to try . loomis leave to go find Michael . Logan close and lock the door . int . kitchen Rachel go into the kitchen and Kelly be search for something . she 's check all the cabinet . rachel be you look for this ? she hand Kelly a pack of sugar . Kelly take it and go over to the coffee . Kelly seem sad . she try to patch thing up between she and Rachel . kelly I do not know you and brady have anything okay ? rachel you know . you just do not care . kelly he 's not marry . besides , I have get a right to do what 's best for I . rachel do not you mean what you do best ? kelly Wise up to what man want Rachel , or brady will not be the last man you lose to another woman . Rachel pick up a cup of coffee . rachael have some coffee . she pour it all over Kelly 's shirt . Kelly gasp , surprised at Rachel . int . basement meeker be listen to the radio . it suddenly come alive with the hillbilly . man 1 over at Alan gateway , shot Ted holster by mistake . man 2 well be he dead . man 1 yeah , he 's dead . meeker oh Christ . Rachel come down the stair and stand behind he . meeker 04 would out there , this be Ben meeker ... answer I dammit . all he get be static . nobody out there want to take responsibility . rachel sheriff , what be go on out there ? meeker all right Rachel , you stay by this radio . the state boy will send word once they in route . when that word come you go tell deputy Logan . rachel okay . meeker now you understand ? rachel uh huh . meeker head for the stair . int . live room meeker walk over to the door . Logan stand up . meeker get the key and start unlock the door . meeker I will be out on gateway and I doubt I will be back before the trooper get here . logan maybe you ought to wait here till they do . meeker hey . I get a town full of beer belly run around in the dark with shotgun . who 's gonna be next ? somebody 's wife ? somebody 's kid ? he cock he gun . meeker I can not stand by for that . he open the door and leave . Logan close the door , worried . int . bedroom Jamie sit up in bed . she look around , but do not see Rachel . she get worried . jamie Rachel ? int . basement Rachel be listen to the radio . she hear a creak behind she . int . live room upstair Kelly be do make coffee and bring it in to Logan . kelly I think you might like some coffee . he continue to rock . kelly pretty boring out here . I wish they would fix the power . she set the coffee down on the table . kelly least we would have some MTV while we wait for the calvary . she pick up some match and light one . carefully , so not to extinguish the flame , she light the candle . and she scream . Logan 's dead body be in the corner , blood splatter on he face . Kelly turn to the man in the chair . he stand up and turn to she . it 's michael ! he slowly advance for she . Kelly scream and back up . Michael bring the shotgun back and ram it right through Kelly , lift she up and ramming she against the wall . the shotgun enter the wall , pin Kelly 's lifeless body against it . int . basement Rachel be listen to the radio . it suddenly crackle and Frank bute come on . frank haddonfield , we should have car dispatch in 5 minute . eta 35 minute , over . Rachel grab the mike and bring it up to she face . rachel ah , okay , great . we will be wait . frank ah ten -four over . rachel ah , over and out . Rachel put the mike down and head for the stair . she look behind she one last time to make sure Frank do not decide to speak again . then she go up the stair . int . live room Rachel look around . Logan 's rock chair be empty . she be not bother by this and shout . rachel deputy Logan ? when she receive no reply , Rachel 's happy demeanor evaporate . rachel deputy ? she look around and see deputy Logan 's bloody corpse by the table . she turn and see Kelly 's lifeless corpse dangle from the wall . rachel ahhhhhhhhhh !!!!! she head for the stair . rachel Jamie !!! Jamie !! she start up the stair but trip . she quickly get up and sprint the rest of the way up . she reach the door to the bedroom and look inside . jamie' gone ! rachel oh God ! oh God ! Rachel go hysterical . she run down the stair and bump into brady . brady what the hell be go on ? Rachel start back up the stair . rachel I have gotta find Jamie . brady grab she and start pull she toward the door . brady no , no , we have to get out of here right now . rachel not without Jamie . brady look . he point to Logan 's corpse . brady you think she stand a chance ? rachel she 's not dead ! brady rush over to the door and try to open it . but it 's lock and the key be nowhere to be find . brady be there another key ? rachel I do not know ! brady rush over to Rachel . brady get out of the way , get out of the way . he raise the shotgun and shoot the door twice . he rush over to the door . he touch the knob but pull it away quickly . he go back over to Rachel . brady its metal , god dammit its metal . rachel what do that mean ? brady we be trap in this house . they start up the stair . Rachel look up and see Jamie come out of a door . rachel Jamie ! jamie oh Rachel ! rachael run up the stair to Jamie and hug she . brady Rachel ! Rachel release Jamie and run to the stair . she look down . Michael be in the live room , stand behind the fireplace . rachel brady ! brady get back ! rachel brady ! brady no . you son of a bitch ! brady aim the gun at Michael , who be slowly walk up the step . he pull the trigger . nothing happen . no bullet come out . brady shit ! rachel brady ! come with we . brady go! rachel brady ! brady get up there Rachel ! brady fumble with the bullet , not able to get they in the shotgun . brady shit ! Michael continue climb the stair , with each step get closer ... rachel brady ! brady get up there Rachel ! rachel brady ! come with we ! brady ! brady go! brady have one bullet in , he try to hurriedly put in another . rachel & jamie brady ! brady go! brady put the bullet in and snap the chamber close . he turn to aim , but Michael be already upon he . Michael grab brady by the shoulder . brady fire , but the shot go wide and hit the wall . Michael throw brady against the wall . he hit hard and slump down . Jamie try to pull Rachel away . jamie Rachel come on . rachel no . jamie come on . brady look up at Rachel . brady shit . he grab the shotgun and stand up . he hit Michael on the head with the butt of the gun . he swing again but Michael grab the gun . they struggle for a second before Michael slam it into brady 's face . brady fall back onto the floor . Michael toss the gun over the railing . it land with a thud on the live room floor . brady stand up and walk over to Michael . his nose be bleed . he rear back he hand and punch Michael right in the face . brady pull back he arm and take another swing , but Michael grab it . he pull back and we hear bone crunching . brady scream in agony . with he other hand , Michael grab brady 's throat and start to lift he off the floor ... Michael release brady 's hand and wrap he other hand around brady 's throat . brady try to spit in Michael 's face , but he miss and it land off to the side . Michael start push he finger into brady 's cheek . brady scream in agony . Michael 's finger dig deeper into brady 's cheek . we hear a crunching sound . int . attic Rachel and Jamie stop at the platform to the attic . Rachel look back and shout . rachel leave we alone , just leave we alone . they run up the rest of the stair . Rachel look around and see a suitcase . rachel Jamie ! Rachel throw the suitcase onto the platform . Jamie grab something and throw it down too . they continue pick up item and throw they onto the platform until it 's cluttere with junk . Rachel grab Jamie and move she farther into the attic . Michael reach the platform , but he 's block by all the junk . Jamie let out a small gasp when she hear Michael . Rachel look around . she start push Jamie in a certain direction . rachel go! go! Michael be start to clear a path through all the stuff in he way ... rachel come on ! come on ! Michael have clear a path and start walk up the very few step that be leave ... Rachel and Jamie come to a window , but it 's lock . jamie Rachel ! Michael stop for a second . he notice a tin can full of knife . he grab the biggest , sharpest one and continue toward Jamie and Rachel ... rachel Jamie , get down . get down . Rachel grab a suitcase and use it to smash out the window . she throw the suitcase out onto the roof and bend down . rachel get on my back Jamie . get on , hold on . Jamie climb onto Rachel 's back . very carefully , Rachel step out of the window and onto the roof . ext . outside / roof Rachel look down and see how far she be to the ground . if they fall and hit the pavement , they be dead . she grab onto a pipe jutting up from the roof and use it to pull herself up . slowly , she move she way up the roof . every few second Jamie look behind they to see if Michael be follow . Rachel reach the very top of the roof . she try to reach for the arched part of the roof , but miss . she try again , but still do not make it . as she reach out again , a shingle she foot be on come loose and they go slide back down the roof . Rachel grab onto the pipe to stop she descent . Jamie start to slide off she back . Rachel grab she and pull she up . rachel grab on , Jamie . Jamie get onto Rachel 's back . Rachel start up the roof once again . this time , she grab a black cord to steady she . Jamie get off Rachel 's back and look behind they . she scream . Michael be pull himself up onto the roof . Rachel grab Jamie , and , use the cord , climb over to the far side of the roof . Rachel lift Jamie up and over . rachel I be gonna lower you to the chimney , okay Jamie ? jamie I can not . rachel well try dammit ! she start to lower Jamie . suddenly , Michael appear ! jamie Rachel ! Jamie slip and slide down to the chimney . Rachel look behind she and take a swipe at she with he knife . Rachel barely dodge . by this time , Jamie be already to the chimney . Michael take another swipe at Rachel . Rachel roll down the roof and hit the chimney . she get up and face Jamie . she get the cord and tie it around Jamie . rachel I be gonna lower you down Jamie okay ? Jamie climb over the edge . jamie Rachel ! rachel I have get you come on , go down . jamie Rachel ! Rachel I have get you Jamie . she start to slowly lower Jamie down the side of the house . jamie I have get you , I have get you . Jamie be dangle above the ground , she clown mask push to the side of she neck . she struggle , she leg flail in the air . Rachel continue to lower Jamie when Michael suddenly appear ! she let go of the cable , make Jamie drop about halfway down . Rachel roll out of the way as Michael take a swipe at she with he knife . he place he hand on the chimney for support . he again take a swipe at Rachel , cause she to roll to the edge of the roof . Michael slowly head for she . Rachel dangle above the ground , she hand hold onto the roof for dear life . she start to slowly move to the side , away from Michael . Jamie grab onto the ledge of the house and hoist herself onto it . Michael swing he knife at Rachel , cause she to lose she grip . she plummet to the ground . rachel ahhhhhhhhhhh ! thud ! Michael stand there , breathe heavily , just stare at Rachel 's unmove body . CUT to : Jamie climb the rest of the way down and run over to Rachel . jamie ( cry ) oh please come alive Rachel , please come alive . you can not be dead . come alive Rachel ! Jamie lay she head on Rachel 's shoulder and begin sobbing . Michael appear at the side of the house . Jamie glance over at he , then at Rachel . she look back at Michael and begin to run . jamie help ! please , somebody help I ! help ! please ! somebody help I ! Jamie run by house after house , call for help . she look behind she , see Michael appear from behind a bush , and run faster . she trip , get back up , and continue run . CUT to : Rachel , lay on the ground . she move slightly . CUT to : Jamie . she 's no longer run . she 's walk slowly , look around . suddenly , she see something off screen and begin run . but , before she get anywhere , she run into Dr. loomis . he grab she , try to comfort she . loomis what be you do out here alone ? jamie everybody 's dead . I just wanna go home . loomis oh no you can not . I have just be there . that 's the first place he will look for you . where 's the school house ? where be the school house ? jamie it 's over there . she point to somewhere behind loomis . loomis come on . come we will be safe there . ext . school Dr. loomis and Jamie walk over to the door . loomis grab Jamie and hold she tight as he raise he gun and fire four time at the door . he and Jamie walk up the step . when he open the door , the alarm go off . Dr. loomis and Jamie enter the school , close the door behind they . int . school loomis and Jamie walk up the step . loomis try the first door he come across , but it 's lock . loomis we will hear siren soon . jamie then we will be safe ? loomis yeah . he try another door , but it 's lock too . jamie you do not believe that do you ? loomis no. they hug . loomis turn to leave when Michael appear , grab loomis and throw he through a door , break the glass and the door . Jamie scream and run down the hall , try to open the door . she come to the last door and try to open it , but it 's lock . she pound on it . jamie oh , oh . somebody help I ! she walk over to the end of the hall and crouch , put she arm over she face . jamie no . she begin sobbing . when nothing happen , she look down the hall . there 's no sign of Michael . Jamie slowly stand up . she look around she , not believe that Michael be really go . she start to slowly walk down the hall , peer into every corner , every dark room . Michael could be anywhere . she come to split in the hallway . on one side , stair lead down to a entrance and another hallway . on the other , stair lead to the second floor . jamie ahhhhhhhhh ! Michael stand on the step , knife in hand . Jamie begin to run down the other step but she trip and tumble down the step , landing with a soft thud . she look up at the top of the stair and she see Michael begin to slowly descend they . Jamie start to crawl away , but Michael 's hand grab she leg , pull she back . she scream just as rachel appear , a fire extinguisher in she hand . she begin to spray Michael with it . he be instantly cover in smoke . he hold he hand up , try to ward it off . Rachel continue spraying Michael . ext . school a truck with Earl , Al and two other hillbilly come down the road . one guy bang on the roof to get Earl 's attention . guy in the school . pull over Earl . they pull up to the school . they all pile out of the truck when Rachel come out , carry Jamie . they rush over to she . earl what 's go on here ? we hear the alarm . rachel he 's inside . guy Jesus . where ? rachel in the school . int . school Michael be go ... ext . school they all discuss what to do . guy let 's get this bastard . jamie no ! he will kill you too . rachel we have to get out of haddonfield , the state police at on they way let they handle it . guy I do not know about you Earl , but that make sense to I . let get the hell out . al he 's not we patient . let the trooper have he . that 's what they get pay for . guy screw it . let get out of here . Al . Al take Jamie from Rachel while the other pile into the truck . Al open the passenger side door and put Jamie down next to Earl . ext . road the truck fly along the road , the hillbilly light shine into the night . they pass a sign say " welcome to haddonfield . home of the husker . " int . truck Jamie sit in Rachel 's lap , both tired and hungry . Earl glance at they , then back at the road . ext . truck two hillbilly have they gun and light propped up on the roof of the truck , keep a eye out . Al sit by the tailgate . int . truck Earl reach for the cb . he talk into it . earl ( into radio ) okay everybody , listen up . I have get Rachel corruther and she sister in the truck , and I be take they outta town route 410 . State police be on the way . get that ? guy ( through radio ) get it Earl . earl okay , out . ext . road a long line of cop car come speed down the road , siren blaze . int . truck Rachel look at Jamie , happy to have she safe . Earl look out the front window and see the long line of cop car . he turn to Rachel . earl here come the calvary now . ext . truck one hillbilly swing he flashlight back and forth while the other fire he shotgun into the night . all the car go by except one . it stop and wait for Earl to pull up . the cop get out of he car . cop come outta haddonfield ? earl yeah right outta the elementary school , take this kid to safety . cop okay , there 's a highway patrol substation about 4 mile down the highway . you will see the turnoff sign . now we have get officer on duty , they will take care of you . earl thanks . Earl put he foot on the gas and drive away . int . truck Earl look over at Rachel and Jamie . earl you will be okay . Rachel try to manage a smile . ext . truck Al sit near the tailgate , watch the road behind they . the other two hillbilly keep they eye on the road ahead of they . int . truck Pov we be see from behind Earl . the road ahead be foggy and nothing be certain . ext . truck close on : the tailgate . suddenly , Michael 's hand appear , then the other one with the knife . he begin to haul himself up into the bed of the truck . none of they notice Michael until it 's too late . one hillbilly turn , and try to hit Michael with he shotgun , but Michael grab it and stab he in the back with the knife . Michael throw he body down just as Al get up . Michael stab he in the side , and throw he body against the tailgate . the tailgate bust open and Al 's and the hillbilly 's body go tumble off the truck and onto the road . int . truck Rachel , Earl , and Jamie be completely oblivious to what 's happen to the three hillbilly . ext . truck Michael throw the last hillbilly off of the truck . he go roll down the hill . int . truck Earl be get nervous . he hear some noise . he look out the back window when michael' hand break through the driver side window and latch on to Earl 's neck . his finger dig deep into Earl 's neck , draw blood . Jamie and Rachel scream as Michael twist Earl 's neck open . ext . road the truck swerve dangerously , Michael on the roof . int . truck Jamie fall into the floorboard , scream . Rachel push Earl 's body aside and get behind the wheel . ext . truck it swerve , Michael still cling to the top . int . truck Rachel open the door and push Earl 's body out . ext . truck Earl 's lifeless body fly out of the truck and roll down the hill . int . truck Rachel reach over to the door and close it . Jamie still hide in the floorboard . ext . truck Michael swing he hand inside the truck , try to grab Rachel . she whip the wheel this way and that , try to make Michael fall off . int . truck Michael 's hand swing into the truck . Rachel try to avoid it while maintain control over the truck . ext . truck Michael swerve from side to side , barely hang on . int . truck Rachel jerk the wheel to the right . ext . truck Michael almost fall off , but he manage to keep he grip . int . truck Rachel jerk the wheel , cause Jamie to fall into the floorboard and hit she head . rachel Jamie ! Rachel continue to jerk the wheel . ext . truck it move to the right , then the leave . Michael 's body be throw every which way . int . truck Michael 's hand reach into the truck and grab hold of Rachel 's sweater . Rachel fight free , but Michael rip she sweater . she scream . ext . truck it swerve all over the road . int . truck Michael 's face smashes into the front windshield . Rachel scream and push down on the brake . Jamie fall back into the floorboard . ext . truck Michael go fly off the truck . he roll onto the road . int . truck Jamie slowly peek over the seat . Rachel look out the window and see Michael slowly stand up . she mess with the gear shift . rachel die you son of a bitch . she step on the gas , and the truck go forward at a fast rate , knock into Michael . he go fly into the air and land on the ground near a mine . the truck roll down the hill . int . truck Rachel press the brake , praying that the truck will stop . ext . truck the truck come to a stop . through the window we see Rachel sigh . ext . road the police car come speed down the road , head for Rachel and Jamie . close on : Michael 's hand . it still have a grip on the knife . slowly , the grip loosen . int . truck Jamie stare at Michael , fascinate . rachel Jamie , I want you to stay right here in the truck . ext . road meeker be the first one to arrive . Rachel race over to he . rachel sheriff meeker , we kill he . meeker calm down . calm down . be you all right ? be you all right ? Rachel nod . meeker where 's Jamie ? CUT to : Jamie . she kneel down beside Michael . she take he hand and hold it , look at the scar cause by the fire . meeker Jamie ! get away ! rachel do not touch he Jamie ! Jamie drop he hand and turn to they . close on : Michael 's hand . it grab the knife . normal view Michael sit up . meeker get down ! Jamie jump to the ground just as Michael get to he foot . meeker pull the trigger on he shotgun and bam ! a bullet hit Michael dead on . he 's knock back . the other cop and hillbilly open fire , create a dazzle display of light . bullet after bullet slam into Michael , cause he to step back . a few bullet hit the ground around Michael , but most hit home . Rachel cover she ear as the sound of bullet be fire echoe all around she . meeker take aim , and fire , he bullet knock Michael back . more and more bullet rain down on Michael , cause one of the most terrifying killer ever to stumble backwards , until he slip and fall down a abandon mine shaft , hopefully to he death . the gun go quiet as everybody realize that Michael be go . meeker breath deeply , satisfied . no human could have survive that onslaught of bullet . no one . Wood and dirt crumble into the mine , bury Michael . ext . corruther ' house - night - later everything be quiet . peaceful . int . live room Richard and darlene hug Jamie and Rachel when they walk in , escort by meeker . richard oh , baby . meeker walk over to the front door and open it . loomis limp in . meeker it 's over . loomis yes . Michael myer be in hell , bury , where he belong . meeker sit down in a chair . meeker this kid be not likely to forget . loomis they have survive this ordeal , they will survive it 's memory . Rachel be completely exhaust , dry blood cake to she face . darlene I be go to take Jamie upstairs . she put she hand on Richard 's knee . darlene ( cont would ) stay with Rachel . ( to Jamie ) come on honey . int . bathroom darlene turn on the water , let it fill the tub . int . hallway Pov the person look at a darken room , then down the hall . it turn right and look into a small bathroom . a pair of scissors lay on the sink . they be pick up by someone off screen . the Pov return to the hallway . int . bathroom the tub be halfway full . darlene , in a robe , lay two towel down on the edge of the tub . int . hallway Pov suddenly , a mask slide onto the person 's face . we be now only see through the two eye hole . we make we way to the end of the hall . we turn , and stare at darlene , hunch over the tub . she look over at the person . int . stair darlene ( o.s. ) ahhhhhhhh !!! loomis come hobbling up the step , then stop . loomis no. no ! Jamie stand at the top of the stair , a bloody pair of scissors hold in she hand . her costume be fleck with blood ... loomis no! no! no! no ! he raise he gun to shoot she . loomis no ! suddenly , meeker jump at he , knock the gun out of he hand . loomis fall to the ground , sobbing . meeker grab he gun and point it , but can only stare when he see that it 's Jamie . Richard come up the stair , quickly follow by Rachel . they both stop , stunne . close on : Jamie . she raise the scissors into the air . CUT to black !!!!