hancock written by Vincent ngo &amp ; Vince gilligan fade in : black . it 's everywhere . it swallow the screen . and so we stare into a sea of black . narrator ( v.0 . ) I see a severe head once . except for the , paleness , it look healthy , well - feed . the end come abruptly you could tell ' cause the mouth froze in mid-sentence . " shh. , " the curl lip attempt . like it start say " shuck " or " shirley " or ... " shit happen . " you eye do not forget thing like that . like you do not forget the sound animal make when they be humping . primal . Raw . they endure in you forever because the sense have a brain all they own and they recall long after you have succumb to the la-la of forgetfulness . ( a pregnant beat ) sometimes when it 's dark out , - so dark it 's black , I will see he . ( beat ) and it start all over again . from this blackness , a streak of lightning split the night sky . ext . sky - night we be in the eye of a STORM , a angry mass of clo ud raging of for a howling wind . across the black sky .. it bring rain and thunder a d the swirl a entity emerge from this moist darkness . weather and advance into we scope of visibility through the a flash , of lightning erupt and it illuminate the sky . we see the approach entity as it hover before we . it 's a man . it 's a man , plus . it 's a superhero , garbe in a elastic dark - grey outfit - a fade red cape extend b ehind he , thrashing against the wind and rain . this superhero ( 30 ) . unshaven . dishevel . worn . a face chisell with mileage . 2 . in the eye , we can see he soul . intense . fierce . a expose nerve , snag in a fish hook . he hang in the air , tired , rain -soak , piss - off . he stare down at the earth below and he behold the saturate visage of sheepshead BAY , a seaside Brooklyn neighborhood . and from the bowel of he very soul , this superhero belch a thunderous roar . he pivot in the air and dive toward land . he slice through the downpour , arm extend , body erect , engulf in the dimension of he cape . the ground approach , fast . he accelerate as if to embrace it . velocity suck up all remain space and there be impact . a explosion as he rip through the street surface , penetrate the asphalt - head first . debris and concrete spew from the rupture orifice as he disappear inside . there be a expulsion of subterranean pressure and it launch nearby manhole lide from they spot - they bounce and clang down the street like loose change . the rain continue its onslaught . int . apartment - night rain sloshes against a kitchen window . where the sink be . not far from the kitchen table . where the longfellow family sit , dinner before they . horus ( 35 ) lean over he plate , eat he meal . here idle a man of diminutive frame , bespectacle , placid - as harmless as low fat milk . he sit opposite mary ( 30 ) , frenetically appropriate food . a gentle beauty . entwine in maternal angst she be estrogen with a attitude . a meek little aaron ( 8 ) , slouches between the folk - a black eye tattoo the leave of he face . Aaron stare at the damn plate , find no humor in eggplant . mary the principal do 'nothing . like schoolyard terrorism be no worse than be tardy . what 's the matter with education ? back when , you could go to school and learn about betsy Ross and ... mollusk and ... not get stab on the way home . 4. int . subway tunnel - night a subway tram idle by a passenger ramp . steam hiss from its side and plume into a wall of white mist . and from this cloud of angry vapor , a figure appear . he surface from the dark subway tunnel , a cool nonchalance in he gait . it be the superhero , he identity safely conceal under the collar of a tatter trenchcoat . he traverse the load deck , passengers board and disembark around he . he wade through they - to a desert section of the subway . he stroll over to a cigarette machine , up against the grafetti - rape subway wall . on the wall , a line of profanity declare that ... " you mother take it up the ass . " he survey the machine . his right arm appear from the coat pocket . finger merge into a tight fist . and casually , he rip into the metal vendor like it be jello . his fist withdraw a handful of bill , coin . he pocket the loot . he reach back in and withdraw a carton of lucky strike . deposit it under he coat . and with that , he head for the stair - to the flood street above . at the ramp , and on cue , the subway tram close its door . trembles . move . steam into the deep dark tunnel . White smoke mushroom from its tail . it linger in the air as we ... int . apartment - night see steam , rise from a faucet of run hot water . it rise from a sink of soile dish - where Mary deposit another set of pot . she 's clear the table . down a dark hallway , a streak of light escape from a open door . Inside and on the bed , the frail posture of horus change out of he clothes . int . bedroom - night horus disrobe down to he t-shirt and brief . he stand before the closet mirror , scrutinize the emaciate , sand - kick - in - the-face body . 5 . horn strike a he-man pose , he biceps in the wind . he remove the Police apparel , plastic . proceed to put it on . int . red eye motel - night fish how the fuck can I help you sir ? superhero a room . 6 . his blood - shot eye mean it . Fish turn to the back wall . grab a random key from a nail . fish top floor , 7f . Fifteen a pop , up front . ( be : the check - in sheet ) and you John hancock make it sweet . the superhero scrutinize the check - in sheet . scribbles hancock on the dot line . Fish hand over the key . then , pull it back from hancock 's grab . fish ( cont 'd ) I do not take message , I do not do favor , and I do not know you from Jack . you want sheet , they be extra . towel 's extra . plunger 's extra . hancock I need quiet . be it quiet ? fish quiet ? hey pal , we look like a public library to you ? the girl work . some of they scream , some of they moan ... ( smile ) and some of they just kinda lay there cold . you want quiet , I get cotton ball you can stick in you ear . they be extra . hancock eye Fish , mentally dissect the vermin with he bare hand . he withdraw from he coat the wad of loot . pushes it under the window . and while Fish collect , he lean into the window and emit a deep growl . Fish recoil . the bill fly . hancock take the key . exchange it with a metal orb - the strangulate remain of the bell . it roll out of he palm and clink off the counter . hancock sidle off . Fish - the cat 's get he tongue . int . bedroom - night horus , in full uniform - dark blue pants , shirt . 7 . he dip into a dresser , pull out a thick black leather belt - complete with holster . horus return to the dresser for one final item - it 's obscure by he arm but we feel it to be some heavy chunk of metal . he confront the mirror , twirl this piece , holster it . and we see it to be a flashlight . a shoulder patch read ... u-rent security CO . they motto : " to observe and record " horus tuck a hat under he arm , ready to move . int . aaron be room - night a jar of marble rest upon a window ledge . outside , the story be rain . on a bed , sprawle on he back , Aaron gaze up at the empty ceiling - the black eye squat prominently on he face . Aaron bring he hand before he eye . look at it . Studies it . slowly , he finger converge into a tight fist - a boy 's interpretation of a man 's weapon . a gentle knock disperse the knuckle . horus peer in . horus how 's the eye ? aaron Black . horus enter . stands awkwardly before he son . horus it will be go in a week . Mom '11 touch it up with some make - up and you will not even know it 's there . aaron yeah I will . and I do not want any girly make - up on my face . horus deposit himself on the bed . hunch over - h13 knee . B. horus ( almost apologetically ) there will always be people around who will ... exert force over that of we who just want to live in peace . Aaron listen , observe he father 's effort . horus ( cont ' D ) ( pain in every word ) the thing to do be ... to avoid they . they be no-win . can not -win . you hold the anger ... and move on . you hold the anger . ( turn to Aaron ) I tell you because I can not take it , see you hurt . you be part of I . ( beat ) I have feel what you be feel now . and if you have get any of I in you , you be gonna feel what I feel - when you go up against one of them . turn away ... that 's what you do ... the other cheek . you do that for I . no , you be not the coward . not you . no. I will be the coward , all right ? ' Cause I do not want to see you hurt . I love you . I ask you to do that for I ... you old man . and while he utter this word , Mary watch from the dark hallway - move b y he affection . she oversee a father - son embrace . horus ( cont 'd ) I be late for work . get some sleep . tomorrow always feel better ... aaron .after a good night sleep . the light flick off and the man 's silhouette form exit the room . int . hallway - night horus back he way out . shut the door . Mary 's hand greet he from behind . it startles the man . he.tries to regroup . horus Mary . 9 . Mary inch closer - passion ooze from every pore . she nestle up against she husband . horus stand uncoordinate , press he hand against she back . he be gentle , but as effective as a armless masturbator . Mary caress he neck . move she lip to he ear , enrapture by the moment . and out of nowhere ... horus ( cont 'd ) ( awkward ) I be late . Mary snap from she trance . unshackle she hold , like she almost expect it . mary ( disappointed ) right . ( beat ) coffee 's by the door . she march back into the kitchen . horus stare at he foot . S hake he fist , mentally kick himself in the face . he settles for the door , grab hisjac ke , coffee thermos . a look at Mary and he 's out thedoo rt CUT to : int . kitchen - night Mary - against the kitchen sink . her thin cotton dress cling to a body still 'robust with enrgy , to breast so ful l they could yread uncl pop a boner inoud e and while the storm rage outside , Mary burn in a feverish sweat . the swell steam and run ho t water combine to saturate she chest and face - she drip . Mary gaze out at the wet abyss , possess by some inner long . int . motel room ( 7f ) - night a t.v. set . it moan from the corner of a room . scant blink red neon from the street cannot disguise thecant lighting torture this be oom have see . 10 . torn , mildew ' curtain . damp carpete , . et _ d by every form of bodily discharge . no self - rem nï¿½ g maggot would want to be catch dead here . on a shred 's , blotched with urine and cum , we see a trenehc - lush open carton of cigarettes accompany the picture . a open door face the moaning tv set . it 's the bathroom and it 's occupy by the intensely frazzle image of hancock . he squat on the toilet , pants around the ankle , cape shroud around he . that unforgive eye plant on the tv screen , a cigarette dangle from the corner of he lip . we discern the moan to be human and we see that he be watch a porno flick - flash of flesh upon flesh in a fuck frenzy . t.v. set ( o.s. ) ( female ) ooh yeah , big fella . that 's it . shoot you load , baby . let it fly ... fly ...! ( male ; in ecstasy ) fly . yes ! g0000d ! hancock absorb the action from the can , a glint of pain on he face . he take a long hard drag on the cigarette - a full stick deteriorate into ash before we eye . and outside , it rain like there 's no tomorrow . CUT to : ext . sheepshead BAY - day Morning bring a cease - fire on precipitation . the street glimmer from puddle leave behind from the night . the overcast sky - its precarious rain formation indicate that the storm be far from over . int . kitchen - day a superman lunchbox perches on the kitchen table . mother and son prepare for school . Aaron adjust he raincoat , look disturb . 11 . Mary part he hair , straighten he shirt . _ the complete morning routine . her maternal h'ahdf stay inside . aaron ( irritate ) I do not need you walk I to school . Mary clasp she ear - deaf . mary not listen . lalalala ... aaron ( in disbelief ) I get the only mother do this . in the world that I be not lismary g. lalalala .. , int . watanabe ' S shopping emporium - thi rd floor - day a light beam . it dance over the console of h h orn holster i- fi 's television , he flashli ht , stereo floor . he take and more ' across the 's 's the stair g - down . howroom horus pass the second floor . int . first floor - day horus cross the floor to the back , . to where roheim ( 50 ) stoops , on a stool and in a deep from he mou th over he saturate ssleeve . a line of saliva dangle the badge and uniform reveal employee . roheim another U - Rent secu Co. be you uncle lostjck sexuallytdeviant as threaten as a burnt- outmat and chstick horn stand over roheim 's slumpne ss . remove a from he own pocket . handkerchief horus ( gently ) roheim . 12 . he 's do this before . roheim ( dream state ) olga ... horus roheim . let 's go home . roheim stir ... roheim . bitch . from the dark recess of sleep - he wake . straighten up . slurp back he dignity . roheim ( cont ' D ) ( barely ) what , already ? take the handkerchief . wipe he mouth . horus I just make the last run . he help the old man to he foot . roheim you be a good man . int . red eye motel ( 7f ) - day a ashtray bury under a mountain of butt . a bed unslept . the tv be on , commercial some spring - fresh vaginal wash . the room sit empty . but the bathroom door be open . Inside , the supersuit peel down to he waist , hancock shave . hancock ( mumble ; rehearse ) it 's about responsibility ... with what be empower in you ... to correct the ill of man . no foam . no gel . just skin and the razor edge of he belt buckle - it slice through stubble , clear up a face that have yet to sleep . 13 . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( again ) it 's about responsibility ... hancock reach into the cabinet below the sink - pull out a bottle of 409 all - purpose cleaner ... on the tube , the commercial segues way into ... t.v. ( o.s. ) ( faintly ) and on the world front , heavy fight continue in angola as rebel force storm ... regime ... under the military stronghold ... the SOUND of machine gun crackle amidst mortar explosion and civil destruction . hancock listen - it disturb he . he whirl around , accost the tv rip it from the wall , throw it out the window . and a crash eradicate image of war and chaos . he return to the bathroom . to the mirror . proceed to spray he tooth with 409 ... ext . watanabe's shopping emporium - day behold this impose , block - long behemoth of commerce and decadence . a shopper 's wet dream , this be watanabe's shopping emporium . from the street , notice the display window - all mannequin come complete with outfit and ultra-erect nipple . as employees file into the service entrance , out come horus and roheim . they head streetward , to the sidewalk . roheim unscrew the battery cap from he flashlight . take a swig from its hollow interior . roheim I will just play out the rest of this eight Ball ... he lap up the last drop . reloads it with a couple of battery from he jacket . roheim ( cont ' D ) ( cap it ) like that . horus look on - silent . 14 . a police vehicle enter this urban landscape . it slow in front of they . the cop : rutger and adam , two hairy - knuckle testosterone case with nothing to do . rutger . ( passenger seat ) boy ... the cop smile at one another . a large shotgun rest fully erect between they . and they drive off . horus , watch they go , focus in on the " to serve and protect " of they vehicle . roheim watch he - turn red with drama . roheim bastard ... could not protect a pitcher of warm spit ... could not find they asshole with common sense and a thumb . ( beat ) like I be say , it 's their.loss . the jerk - off , they do not get the heart ... the sensitivity of a man like you . horus try to shrug off this word . no good - they stick like a thorn in the eye of he soul . roheim ( cont '.d ) ( continuing ) come on , let 's go home . ext . rooftop - day on the rooftop ; the Red Eye Motel . a trenchcoate figure - we see he from the back , only . we recognize the broad of he shoulder and the red of he cape , peer out from a hole in he coat . a cloud of smoke linger above he head , from a unseen cigarette . he stand before the sheepshead neighborhood , ever so still . something brews within this superman . 15 . ext . sheepshead BAY - day the street of sheepshead : apartment , brownstone speckle with e delis and newsttand and barber shop and outdoor market - they be the " esque " in bro ly qu through this hustle - bustle , we spot Mary and Aaron on they way to BRADLEY elementary school . schoolyard activity abound . bus , bounce ball , and hoard of scream little anti-christ . I Mary lead Aaron along the playground fence , the latter try to pull ahead and away . mary will you slow down . aaron I know it . I know it . mary I think I be ... slow down ... I be gain weight . honey , take a look at my waist . aaron what ? mary be my dress too tight ? aaron what ? nothing . it 's fine . mary really , my waist be not too big ? aaron what ? not here , mom . mary all right , already . two -thirty . you do not leave the building till then . I will be there . aaron I know it , mom . can I go now ? mary give I a kiss , you snot . 16 . aaron ( there be no god ) geez ! he turn back . plant a kiss on Mary 's smile cheek . mary two-thirty . aaron all right , mom . he leave , merge into the undulate sea of child . mary ( after he ; in vain ) you want anything from the store ? he 's go . ext . STREET - day this be the longfellow 's street - lower - middle class but comfortable , quaint , safe . Mr. longfellow , hustling through the street , take we home . greeting he at the entrance , at the mailbox , be clyde banner ( 35 ) . quite large this tenant be , quite simply a cro-magnon man . clyde stand with the morning paper in hand , search carelessly through . he find the sport page . hide it under he robe . clyde ( loud ) longfella . good to see you . horus clyde ... clyde shove the remain of the paper at horus - in he face . clyde picked this up for you . ( pull the paper back ) say thanks . horus thanks . clyde ( hand it over ) you be a good man . 17 . he head inside . horus swallow it . he unshuffle the paper , find the front page . the headline read ... rainstorm hit sheepshead . no end in sight . horus check the sky - a sinewy mesh of angry cloud . he lumber inside . int . nick's market - day you average market , mom and pop . artichoke ! Mary handle a artichoke , contemplate . nick ( 30 ) , the grocer , move behind she . handsome in a greasy , grimy , rebuilt carb in uretor he 's that 's a lovely dress , Mary . if he could mount she now , he would . mary you be sweet , Nick . he crack a wet smile . Mary , aware , unhand the artichoke . move on . L CUT to : ext . STREET - day Mary move through the street , embrace a grocery bag . she continue she way , purpose in every step . no window shopping bullshit for this woman - Mary 's strong , beautiful . she cross the street , she destination : central fidelity bank . a dark chevy ease pass Mary on this street , pull to a stop . Mary continue forth , enter the bank . int . bank - day sheepshead denizen crisscross amok . people queue behind teller line , take care of business . Mary take she place . she glance at the bank clock - it 's 10 o'clock . 18 . ext . bank - day a bee spiral the air and land on the sleeve of a nervous arm . this arm protrude from the dark chevy , park before the bank . the engine be run . the arm fidget . shoos the insect away . with white knuckle , it grip the wheel . int . bank - day same bank , same people . Mary await service in the same line . a man amble pass Mary 's line , up towards the front . he cut off the person in front , a elderly woman . woman hey , what 's the idea ? the man turn . smile . his smile fade , turn into a maniacal . grin . this man be tom ( 35 ) , as plainly evil as the eye can see . tom you know what , you remind I of my grandma . Tom whip out a saw - off shotgun from he pants ... tom ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) she give I this when I make parole . he aim the barrel in she face . tom ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) thanks , granny ! of course , by now , people have realize the implication of the situation at hand . they begin to panic . on cue , two new gunmen , jerry and jerry ( 30' ) , emerge from the crowded bank , both revealing automatic rifle . Jerry # 1 drop the security guard with the butt of he gun . as plan , they take aim at the surveillance cameras on each end of the bank . bang . bang . they miss , much to Tom 's chagrin . the crowd duck , Mary among they . terror grip , the queue . the jerrys try again . bang . bang . no more camera . and with , ir â–º that , Tom take center stage . he leap on the teller counter . 19 . tom ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , this be you captain speak . my name be Tom . this be my assistant , Jerry and Jerry . why be we do what we be do , you ask ? we get one word to say to you folk ... ( shrugging ; smile ) recession . CUT to : tnt . bank - day order in the bank - employee and patron be now corral at the center of the bank . they face all register pain . and we find out why ... they all squat in the lotus position - leg cross like pretzel . tom ( to Jerry # 2 ) thank you , Jerry . Tom be refer to Jerry 's demonstration of the lotus Jerry do not respond . tom ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) thank you , Jerry . jerry # 2 I be stick . Mary , amongst the crowd , watcheson withinterest . int . classroom - day Bradley elementary School . class.is in session , captain by ravish ms. millis ( 28 ) . lip , leg , lung - stuff prepubescent wet dream be make of . Aaron , nestle mid-room , try to keep he eye straight . he steal a quick look to the back of the room : there , in the back , a blonde boy ( 8 ) sit chew gum . this kid , from the slicked - back hair and roll - up t-shirt sleeve , be a sub-species of vermin . 20 . he taunt Aaron a smile , open he mouth , and we realize that he 's gnaw on a plastic doll head . int . bank - day behind the teller window be Tom , assist by a quite voluptuous employee - veronica , ( 23 ) , with a iq to match . tom ( to the crowd ) and while I take care of business , my associate will be make they round . the jerrys leap into action - gun point . they rummage the helpless patron for jewelry , cash and collectable . tom ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) please be cooperative and more importantly , charitable . we would like you to think of it as donation ... for Jerry 's kid . Jerry # 2 weave through crowd wave he automatic wand . people dish out valuable into he canvas bag . he arrive at Mary , motion at the bag with the rifle . mary ( unintimidated ) I have no money . jerry # 2 ( I be not bear yesterday ) come on , be . what the hell you do in a bank if you . get no money ? mary I be here to withdraw money . this stump the brainless beast . and over by the teller , while he 's stuff she bag ... tom do not hate I ' cause I be beautiful . she 's too scared for speech . but back on the bank floor ... jerry # 2 ( at she ring ) give I that . 22 . Jerry # 2 , testicles in he throat . int . bank - day Tom be out on the floor , gun wield . Jerry # 1 be with he , loot bag in hand . tom ( to the crowd ) no heroes ! no heroes ! Jerry # 2 return , bad news on he tongue . jerry # 2 he fly ! Fucking Fred fly ! tom fuck ! fuck ! a wave of siren punctuate they state of " fuck . " it crescendo around the building . ext . bank - day squad of police car form a noose around the building . a s.w.a.t. teem spew from a transport unit , armed for the big tightening . gun and ammo abound . int . bank - day Jerry # 1 be at the entrance - peer out at doom . jerry # 1 ( impressed ) wow , s.w.a.t. tom ( mutter ; spelling the end ) I be not go back . Mary , amongst the crowd , take a glance at the clock -- one thirty . CUT to : int . bank day time lapse . it 's 2:30 . Mary turn from the clock , concerned . she study the situation , the robber - a overall glumness tell the story . at the entrance - Tom . he look desperate . irrational . ready to snap . 23 . the hostage huddle on the floor , tired . they wait . ext . BRADLEY elementary - day the clock on the building read 2:30 school be out . Children file out of classroom . scatter . only Aaron remain , alone to the element - wait . a ball bounce , roll to he foot . Aaron look ... it 's not a ball . it 's a doll 's head . Aaron 's face - dread . ext . bank - day a portly man , oily , thick , bellow out negotiation via he horn ; introduce ted , the police captain , brock ( 45 ) - aspire to be Warren beatty , more like ned beatty . ted ( yawning ) time 's run out , fella . he turn to he sidekick , chad ( 25 ) , a fellow cop . Chad 's on the phone deliberate a important call . ted ( cont 'd ) ( tapping he attention ) the pizza here , yet ? chad negative . ( hand over the phone ) tami . ted ooh , one sec. ( to the bank ) time 's ... all Hell 's gonna break loose , fella . ( to phone ) my koochie , woochie , oochie ooo ... a blast ring out from Central Fidelity . Glass shatter from the entrance . a body , the security guard , tumble out and onto the sidewalk . blood and brain exit in ooze where the bullet have enter - he 's probably dead . 24 . the cop , ted. , Chad . rutger and Adams - they all react , gun raise . int . bank - day Tom huddle by the entrance , gun smoking . cool and suave have succumb to psychotic . the jerrys be nearby , nervous . as be the hostage , clump together in fright . tom ( snapped ) I be not gonna say it again , Ted ! ( be : hostage ) swiss cheese . all of they ! ted ( o.s. ) time 's run out , fella ! the hostage grimace , hell not so far away . tom I want that car , Ted ! ext . bank - day Ted punch Chad on the shoulder . ted where 's that car , Jesus ! chad it 's out get you pizza . tom ( o.s. ) . a car and I want it now ! and on this cue , the sky answer with a thunderous surprise - a car come crashing down before the bank entrance . it come from the cloud and it look familiar - it 's the getaway chevy , bruise and puncture beyond recognition , its hubcap still reeling from the impact . the sky answer again , this time with the tatter body of fred , the getaway driver ( alias , the arm . ) Fred land on the hood of the chevy , sink into its metal frame . SHOCK wave across face of stone . the cop all look up . ted ( at the sky ) what the ... 25 . there :;n the sky , a tape figure work he magic of flight . he examine the ground below . and he dive . hancock approach earth and swing lateral . he circumvent the bank structure , fly around and around . everybody duck . trash and paper batter about behind he draft . int . bank - day Tom and the jerrys stand shackle in they spot . they eye wander about , lose in confusion . the whir outside subside . stop . a load beat . Tom , in mid-swallow , watch as a spectacular explosion of brick spray the air inside . a cape figure burst into the scene amidst scream from clueless hostage . in the blink of a eye , hancock have Jerry # 2 by the collar . with a flick of the wrist , Jerry # 2 be a human projectile en route to the windshield of a police vehicle outside . Jerry # 1 open FIRE on hancock . bullet careen off flesh of steel . ext . bank - day Jerry # 1 ride air and glass out and across the street into another await police windshield . int . bank - day smoke and debris smother the air . and as they subside , all eye fall on the cape figure that be hancock , erect in the rubble . Mary can not believe she eye . she survey every inch of he frame , now clean -shaven , comb , comic book perfect . hancock scan the crowd of stunne hostage - he eye pick out the women - Veronica 's wet smile take he . a heartbeat . hancock ( GOD ) everybody out , please . body bang about , all move for the door . 26 . Mary follow the herd out but she eye remain on the cape figure , until real estate usher she into the street . ext . bank - day paramedics converge on the hostage . the cop be at a loss - deer stare down a pair headlight . they train they gun on the bank , wait for answer . int . bank - day the bank floor in shamble . no one in sight . but movement jar we to the back , where the bank safe be . we see hancock wade through rubble towards the open safe , a thick steel chamber of commerce . hancock arrive at the safe . confront the object inside - Tom . int . bank safe - day there he be , in the corner , a sweaty piece of misery . Tom bear he revolver , aim at hancock . hancock enter the safe . tom stay away . hancock do not respond . tom ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) I be not go back . hancock turn , grab the safe door . slam it shut with a resounding thud . they be lock in . tom ( cont 'd ) ( hysterical ) what be you do ? hancock do not respond . tom ( cont 'd ) what 's go on , here ? hancock no response . Tom raise he gun , and meaning it . tom ( cont 'd ) answer I ! say something ! ( fire ) fuck I ! 27 . bang ! Tom fire a. shot off hancock 's forehead . the bullet ricochet about the steel interior , under great velocity . it rip Tom 's right ear from he head . hancock ( catch the renegade slug ) why would you go and do that for ? Tom retrieve he ear from the ground . tries to put it back , clutching he head . he bleed . tom fuck ... my shirt . hancock ( step forward ) why do not we call it the day . tom ( gun raise ) do not . I tell you ... I be not go back . hancock ( irritate ) if you be go to tease , cock the damn gun . otherwise , spare I the wounded animal act of desperation . I do not get c , time for rhetoric and sympathy so . do not expect ... dialogue and " come with I and you will not be hurt " bullshit . you walk out of here with I and you life be a violent storm . you will be hurt , you will be abuse ... whatever turn they on . either way , you day be shit ! that be the reality , spell out . tom what 's eat you , man ? hancock ( upset ) you get half the precinct out there , armed , train to blow the tail off a sperm from a hundred yard ... you be stand in here , cornere , three bullet leave in that squirter of yours , if you be lucky , and you get one ear . I do not need the aggravation . I do not need this . tom man , you be jade . I be not ask for a rainbow ... ( more ) 28 . tom ( cont ' D ) you do not get to shower I with respect . just a little .. tenderness , be all . have you no mercy , mister ? hancock ( he 's have enough ) I be all out . let 's go ... and as he utter this , he approach Tom . tom ( hurt ) fuck you . Close on he trigger finger . it tighten ... hancock no ! int . bank - day on the bank floor , where a group of cop now huddle , we hear three shot - from the safe . ext . alley - day the schoolyard - it loom in the background , as a reference to where we be . Aaron occupy this alley and we see what he see - trash and fire - escape and ominous gray sky . dark figure move into this sight - they eclipse the heaven . and there Aaron be , twisted in a contort heap of arm and leg - he body eternally lock within the stranglehold of spengler and erlick ( both he age . ) Aaron 's face , another black eye make it a set . rage distort he mouth out of symmetry . he stare at perceval , before he - the blonde kid from class . we hear water , a stream of liquid -someth splashing about , spraying . perceval - he 's take a leak on Aaron 's expose leg . ext . bank - day the aftermath . hancock be swarm under media light , reporter squeezing through a wall of people , police , try to get a piece of this superman . 29 . we follow hancock 's scope amidst the melee it spot luscious Veronica again , it spot women , all who would die for a chance to suck on he cape . CUT to : ext . STREET - day Mary hasten after Aaron , urine - soak and on the verge of tear . he rage down the street while he mother pursue . mary tell I ... what happen ? aaron ( about to break ) you be late . mary I be hold up ... aaron the asshole peed on I . I be dog shit . mary .at the bank . honey , be they the same one ? do not cry . aaron get a grip , mom . they arrive home , both storming through the entrance and up the stair . ext . apartment - day the door slam to signify arrival . School book go fly . mother and son march down the hallway . they be greet by horus , sleep still on he face . horus how be you day ? mother and son - if eye could disembowel . CUT to : ext . build - day just you average professional building , several storey of brick and cement . 30 . but all be not well with this typically normal picture . on the top floor , outside and on the ledge - a jumper stand poise before blood and concrete . his tie flap in the wind . from a adjacent window , a secretary , a fireman attempt to get he down . jumper ' ( self - pity ) people ignore I . from he vantage - a congregation of people swarm below in he honor . a woman cradling a baby watch from a building window across the street . fireman Mr. Fisher . secretary ( through she tooth ) you be not unattractive . fireman baldness be not fatal . jumper my wife ignore I . fireman you wife 's a cunt , Mr. Fisher . secretary we like you , Mr. Fisher . the girl acknowledge you , we all do . jumper no . secretary yes . jumper really ? the secretary scream . all attention shift to the build across the street . the secretary point ... ext . opposite build - day there ... 31 . on the top floor , outside and on the ledge - the baby see earlier , diaper - clad , crawl precariously on the rim of doom . his mother 's freaking from the window . below , the crowd make its way across the street . they point and gasp at the infant 's every movement - leave the jumper by he lonesome . the baby teeter along the edge . it head for a flag pole , dazzle by the red-white - and -blue . it reach out at fabric . almost . not quite . the baby drop from the precipice . on the street , people choke on they tongue as gravity pull the infant down . but wait ... hancock swoops out of the thin blue , swift and silent . he cradle the baby from utter concrete . he deposit the youngster with . the ecstatic crowd - they , of mostly the female persuasion , all form around the savior . we see in the background and across the street , the jumper nose - diving into the sidewalk - without much fanfare . CUT to : ext . STREET - day a apartment building engulf in flame . FIRE truck do not even bother with the hose - it 's too late . around they , tenant bemoan the loss of ... like a wreck ball , hancock burst through the burn rubble and surface clean on the other side of the building . blankete under he cape be two little toddler , and a young woman in bra and panty . he lower they to safety . CUT to : int . apartment - night we be in the hallway . where horus kneel . he 's bent listen into Aaron 's bedroom , in he security clothes . by the tv and in she apron , Mary watch the news ... news . paramedics have take the rescue tenant to County General for smoke inhalation but no serious injury report thanks to the superheroics of this mystery man ... 32 . we see footage of the dramatic fire rescue : hancock recover tenant from the pyre - pleb and dweller cheer in exaggerated astonishment . horus ( to Mary ) Mary ? Mary blink back she attention . horus ( cony ' D ) ( continuing ) why be he mad at I ? mary he 's look for answer . he 's upset . horus ( tapping the door ) let I see you eye ... ( to Mary ) I tell he about the other cheek . avoid confrontation ... to turn the other cheek . mary . he do . he turn the other cheek and they punch it . horus ( pleading ) Aaron . mary you be late . I will try again later . horus find he hat on the table . his eye fall on Mary , she back to he . she 's glue to the set . horus ' how ... what about you ? mary ( aloof ) what ? horus turn he focus to the tv - more hancock footage . he watch Mary . horus Mary ? 33 . mary yes . . horus I ... have no idea . mary ( on the tv ) what could you do ? horn - hat in hand , go to the door . he want to stay . horus ( open door ) good thing he be there . I do not know what I would do ... if you ... Mary do not hear he ... until the door shut behind she . she turn to face a empty room . mary coffee 's by the ... door . ( guilty ) horus ? int . brownstone - night a room , a place we do not know . it 's dark save the street light outside . a rhythmic pounding reverberate through this darkness . more intense it become . and then a high-pitch gasp . two individual , man and woman , stumble into view - they silhouettes obscure the window . they be lock at the hip , pump away like high -revving piston . for a second , light dance off the woman 's arouse face : it 's Veronica . veronica ( a she voice tremble ) oh god . the man surface from she cleavage for air , he face wet with sweat and saliva . he brushes he cape away from he arm . Veronica uncoil yet another orgasm , she back arched , she breast beckone at ceiling . quite abruptly , he let she go . rights he pants . unlatch the window . she paw after he . 34 . veronica ( cont 'd ) what would I do ? hancock ( dejected ) ' nothing . I be sorry . and with that , he float out into the night . veronica ( daze ; after he ) hancock . ext . STREET - night horus . his walk . unaware of everything but the storm inside he head . he cross a alley . a band of thug , neighborhood kid of malcontent , surprise he . and. versa . they recoil at he uniform , he gun . they quickly realize that he 's rent -a-security . the leader speak first - he 's scarpo ( 25 ) , as tough as a steel - belt radial . the other regroup they drug . scarpo nutri-cop . horus keep walk . scarpo ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) look like the man . walk like the man . shit , be not half the man . other ai not half the man . horus simply walk away . CUT to : ext . alley - night a streetlight hum . blink - revealing a desert alley in ' sporadic interval . garbage , etc . a slight drizzle shimmer pass the streetlight . pelt a soulful hancock below - he move through the gray dreariness in solitude . 35 . he reach behind he e. withdraw a box of cigarettes . tap himself a stick . voice ( o.s. ) how about spread some of that joy ? hancock turn and face a young hoodlum , scraggly in he own slimy kind of way . in a huff , he shove hancock up against the building . press a gun to hancock 's temple . hoodlum ( psychotic ) better yet , why do not I just take it ... hancock - enraged . in a caffeinate blink , he have the hoodlum by the throat via one arm , the gun with the other . hancock ( super - psychotic ) what be you think ? the hoodlum notice that he 's dangle a foot off the ground - one of he sneaker remain in its spot from the swift jolt . the other sneaker teeter on he one foot ... and fall to the pavement . hoodlum ( fuck I ) shit ... hancock what be you think ?! hancock wrest the gun from he hand . place it into he own mouth . fire two slug inside . the hoodlum freak . hancock ( cont ' D ) huh ?! take the smoking gun out of he mouth . shove it up the- hoodlum 's nose . hancock ( cony ' D ) want to see brain ? huh ?! stick the gun back into he mouth . fire another shot inside . take it out and this time - jam it into the hoodlum mouth . the hoodlum proceed to urinate in he pants . 36 . hoodlum ( with he mouth full ) please , mister . I get a baby come .. , a wife . I get student loan ... hancock - intense . be this get through ? hoodlum ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) please . have a heart , mister . hancock - the fire inside subside . cool to a rational state . he lower the . hoodlum . he spit the three slug into he hand . deposit they in the hoodlum 's breast pocket . walk away . int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night in the close hour of business , employee pell - mell about in preparation for departure . a group of lady form around a display t.v. , take in with frothy wetness every inch of hancock 's footage . they gasp amongst themselves . horus enter the picture , jacket and thermos . he notice the tv - it 's like he can not escape the good news . int . apartment - night the tv set . more news on the day 's activity . Mary sit mesmerize on the sofa , hold a dish she have plan to dry . Aaron surface from the hallway , lure out by the tv he come up behind Mary - he black eye on the news . mary ( surprised ) you be still up . aaron can not sleep . he roll over the sofa , next to he mother . they watch video clip of the foil bank heist : the crash chevy , the aerial maneuver , the sheer invincibility of this man . 37 . aaron ( cont ' D ) ( impressed ) that 's he ? mary there 's something about he ... I do not know . a female reporter conclude the footage ... reporter ( faintly ) and so we ask ... who be this man ? speculation abound - government super - experiment , a aberration of nature , or extraterrestrial renegade ? who be you ? where be you now , superguy ? call I . ( smile ) we will get together . have a drink . int . bar - night hade - a smoky bar in the armpit of town . neon beer sign . pool table . cigarette machine . this be home to mean people , tough guy - child of a fuck - up god . we cut through the nicotine air to find the bar . a figure hunch on the far end , smoking . pop vodka like mountain water in Dixie cup . it 's hancock and he trenchcoat . the long day wear heavy on he face - that perpetually red eye , the horror they have see . hancock ( muttering ) what he 's get to do ... a man 's get to do it . ext . bar - night hancock stumble out , incognito , frazzle under he guise . up above , the sky - so dark under the storm cloud . we hear commotion in the side alley . and so do hancock . he peer into the alley . there , by a light phone booth , a whore be fend off a horny JOHN . hancock simply watch she drive she knee between he leg . he drop . squeal like a little girl . the John find a two - by-four in the dirt . he reach for it ... 38 . a cough stop he - it 's hancock and he discourage further violence . up and out of the alley , the John flee - tail , between he leg . a long stare ensue - hancock and the Whore , look into each other 's eye for answer . the Whore approach he . touches he face - study it . move it into the light . whore ( the sage ) you have be to Hell , it look . and you be tired ... ( beat ) and in need . hancock - he eye agree . the Whore lift she skirt , reach into she panty . she take out a matchbook . hand it to he . whore ( cony ' D ) my business card . ( to the phone booth ) my office . hancock inspect the matchbook - 555 - gina , etched inside . hancock ( geena ) gina . whore ( correct ; vagina ) gina . CUT to : int . bedroom - night Aaron 's room , he nightlight the only source of light . Mary sit on the bed , by she son . aaron do not . mary just a quick one . 39 . ' aaron do not 3Â ± 119 . mary I want to . aaron Mom . ext . sky - night from the black night - a dark figure plummet , carom off the side of a building , strike the metal fire - escape , crash into the trash can below . hancock stumble from the wreckage , the garbage . Falls . he lean against the building , glaze over with drunkenness . he turn to the only source of light that of a building across the street : killybegs textiles , loom above the rest . board - up window indicate abandonment - a urban relic . he stare at the building - perhaps spare more attention than we think it deserve . int . bedroom - night Mary swallow . start in on the tune . mary " once there be a way , to get back homeward . once there be a way , to get back home . " aaron oh , mom . mary shut up . ext . alley - night there , on he ass , he head a raging inferno - hancock listen , as if he can hear . int . bedroom - night Aaron , succumb to he mother 's song - he lid flutter . mary " sleep pretty darling , do not cry . and I will sing a lullaby ... " 40 . Mary as she voice carry ... ext . alley - night something overcome this fevere superman . he begin to unravel . a calm consume he . tame he . it could be Mary 's voice - maybe he can hear it , and then maybe not . mary ( v.o. ) " Golden slumber fill you eye . smile awake you when you rise . " hancock waver on consciousness - quite unlike he . mary ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) " sleep pretty darling , do not cry . and I will sing a lullaby ... " and like that , a seamless fade into peace - he sleep . CUT to : ext . STREET - day erratic trace of a urban landscape jag about . Aaron 's distort view of he neighborhood come sharp and in flash as he be pursue by he tormentor . spengler . erlick . perceval . they chase he from behind , hooting , taunting poor Aaron - they be out for blood . Aaron cut into a alley , lung pump ... ext . alley - day .. but a brick wall stare he down , provide no exit . he swallow hard . footstep approach , just second away . Close on Aaron , as blood drain from he face . his eye dash for a garbage can - but be there time ? spengler . erlick . perceval . they can smell they prey . erlick he 's not go anywhere . spengler ' less he can walk through wall . 41 . erlick fuck ... squeeze through brick . perceval ( just arrive ) let 's rock it up . they turn the corner , attack mode . Aaron , nowhere in sight . just the brick wall and a trash can . they converge , baffle . erlick inspect the solid wall . spengler scratch he head . but ' perceval 's no fool . he spot the trash can . he motion the fella over . they circle the can . a beat . they attack ... a empty can . no one inside . nothing . that 's because above they , no string and no cable , Aaron hover - under hancock 's capable arm . in mid-air , they hang for a second . then , hancock take they away . ext . schoolyard - day Mary stand at the designate pick - up spot , pace like she bladder 's go to break . mary ( check watch ) no ... no ... no ! ext . rooftop - day a secluded view of the city , high above . hancock , Aaron under he arm , ride a light breeze - and then land . Aaron scamper away . turn and face the man . hancock examine the boy 's face , the black eye . he shake he head . disappointed . he reach for he belt . pull out a cigarette . light it . hancock you smoke ? aaron what ? 42 . hancock of course you do not . nothing but a kid . ( beat ; take a puff ) smoke no evil . hancock move over to Aaron , now back in a corner . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( be : cigarette ) ever curious ... . what it 's like ? Aaron shake he head . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( hand it to.him ) go on ... give it a try . one time . wo not kill you . once . Aaron under pressure , acquiesce . he take the stick . suck on it . double over , cough . hancock ( cont 'd ) good , huh ? tastes like compost ... you first stick . then , after a few more ... it start get this . flavor . a little nicotine buzz . a while pass and all of a sudden , it 's as sweet as candy . only now , it take a whole pack to get there .. , and you will not settle till you , mouth 's as sweet . hancock take another cool drag - Mr. wisdom waxing philosophical . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) from manure to pure cane sugar . that 's change . today ... you be a boy . tomorrow , Mr. penis come knock . shake you hand . take you for a walk ... and tell you about life 's simple pleasure . you be a man . and you do not look back .. ( beat ) you see ... thing evolve . nothing be wholly inert . a step in any direction ... you be walk into pocket of evolution . that be live ... take that step . and change . can start by change some principle . blank best describe Aaron 's face . 43 . aaron principle ? hancock principle . here 's one ; very simple . just about all you need to know : a man 's get to do what a man 's get to do . ( beat ; smoke ) I look at you face , the shiner . you take a shove and you let it go clean . not good . that 's a formula for future abuse ... a invitation to the loser 's dance . letting it go . walk away . , ( shake head ) bad policy . wo not be long ' fore you be run , look for a place to hide . aaron what be I suppose to do ? hancock you do what be necessary . aaron I want ... there be three of they . hancock what be necessary . ( heat ) let I tell you something , kid . there be this infantry unit , you see ... badly outnumber . ( think about it ) wait , let I put it in kid term . so you relate , ok ? there 's a fox , you relate ? a fox and he 's walk through what , the wood , the forest , right ? next thing the fox know , he 's stare down a pack of ... hound . bloodhound . and there 's this chase , the fox 's run he ass off , over boulder and through stream and , but the damn hound be still on he tail . finally the fox come to this cliff , a precipice ... and it 's what , a seven hundred foot drop onto jag rock . he 's in trouble ' cause the hound be close in and they be go to tear he to piece . so what do he think ... " I jump and I die for sure . I stay , confront they and I will get my ass butcher . " decision time . he think , " stay and least I would have something , a chance . ( more ) 44 . hancock ( cont 'd ) to slip away , maybe . " the fox decide to go down fight , make a stand . right ? ( beat ) the hound come . what do you think happen ? aaron ( think about it ) he get away . hancock inhale what 's leave of he cigarette . blow smoke . hancock no . the fox get he ass kick and some ... I mean rip apart by the dog , like cheap fabric . aaron what be you say ? hancock but you know , when the last hound be through with he , - and he 's walk away , he hear this noise . it 's the fox and he 's mutter something under he breath ... word . the dog go over . get up close . to hear what he 's say . you know what the fox 's say ... just before he keel off ? Aaron - negative . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) now he 's gurgle , choke on he own blood , right ? a massacre . the fox 's lie next to he entrail , you know ... and you know what he say ? ( raise he fist in the air ) " no regret . " aaron what ? hancock no regret . you make a decision and you stick to it . like a man 's get to do . and " no regret . " Aaron - submit it to memory . aaron why're you tell I all this ? 45 . hancock ( a beat to think ) look at it this way ... I get to do what I get to do . CUT to : ext . STREET - day through the street dart Mary , eye berserk in search for herher son . she look at she watch . and up ... up ahead , by step apartment - Aaron , levitate in air . hancock explain this defiance of gravity . he gently lower Aaron on the sidewalk , before he mother . she beckon he . like a shield , she envelop he with she arm . she stare up at hancock - she eye , stricken with fear . or possibly , they be awestruck . .cut to : int . bedroom - night horus , in he bed - smother in slumber . he begin to stir , wrestle some unseen dream . he wake , in defeat . int . live room - day Close on a tv set , feature a commercial - in mid-hype . a portly man state he purpose . his name tag read - dr . hole . dr . hole at the hole Institute , we experience staff and cut - edge technology mean you need not spend another day in discomfort from hemorrhoidal flare -up . also , for anal fissure , wart , and secondary yeast infection , the institute be you complete rectal service clinic . ( beat ) and remember , I be not just the hole Institute spokesperson . I be also a client . as Dr. hole proceed to exhibit a enlarge photograph of he hemorrhoidal tissue , the tv channel change . a news program , in progress . 46 . on the live room sofa squat . hancock , remote in hand . reporter ( o.s. ) . more.on the neighborhood robbery in we next hour . ( beat ) World news , today . hundred be believe dead when a explosion rip through a crowded market place in ... hancock stare into footage of bedlam , bloodsh . from the tv set , maternal cry spew forth grief and anguish . hancock grab the remote . fumble around for the power button . he pump the volume instead - the wail intensify he state of panic , pain . click . Mary - by the tube , switch off the mayhem . she study he reaction , now mark with relief . mary ( savior ) be you ok ? hancock I be sorry . mary ( nervous ) I come in to ... hope you like chicken . hancock nod , watch Mary as she retreat into the kitchen . he continue to stare - at Mrs. longfellow , in frenetics , prepping for dinner . she catch he look ... look surreal , this superman , there on she sofa . a calm , while they stare . and then ... aaron ( o:s. ) table 's do . Mary turn to Aaron , offscreen . mary glass . aaron ( o.s. ) geez . horus enter from the hallway , dishevel from sleep . he do not see the superman on he sofa . he continue into the kitchen . 47 . Mary stare at he . Aaron appear , also stare at he . horus do a " what ? " with he shoulder . mother and son gesture behind he . he turn and behold : hancock , ' rise in full garb , arm extend . all eye on horus - befuddle . mary you know hancock ? aaron he come for dinner . Close on hancock . Close on horus . hancock man of the house ? int . kitchen - night dinner be serve . all the key player , present . horus sit face he son - dethrone by the distinguished visitor . Mary serve . mary ( to hancock ) which piece would you like ? hancock breast , please . horus , watch everything - Mary and she every blush . aaron you want milk ? hancock no . it give I gas . thank you . a beat - as everyone visualize a superfart . aaron it make mom fart , too . Mary choke on she food . drop she fork . she maneuver , in the allot space , for the utensil - and find difficulty . hancock grab the table , one arm . lift it off the carpet and above everyone 's head . Mary , startle , impressed , all of the above . she pick up the fork . 48 . horus - a chicken leg dangle from he lip , in mid-chew , . look impotent . aaron ( cont 'd ) good arm . int . kitchen - night later . hancock not about the labor ... or the love of it . ( beat ; we have hear this before ) . it 's about responsibility ... with what be empower in you . the gift of might . might to.do what ? exploitation , because you can ? or a different path . to purvey justice . to correct the ill of man ... because I can . face of profound confusion - Mary and Aaron . but they be charme , he word secondary to he charisma . horus , the quiet observer , observe . hancock ( cony ' D ) ( continuing ) so , a job ? yes . and no . it 's about ... essence . the essence of the man ... not he clothes . it 's the job . take away the arm , . the leg ... , he bodily possession but not he trade , he profession . that case , you strip he of what he be ... a man . horus a firm grasp of the concept . hancock ( cony ' D ) what line of work be you in , Mr. longfellow ? horus ( clear throat ) oh , it 's not like you ... what you do or anything . a department store over on third . mary horus be in the security business . horus I be a security guard . I be just ... 49 . Aaron rise from the table . go over to the fridge . mary it 's a large department store , over a couple million in merchandise ... stereo , jewelry . on three floor . horus it 's a night job . I sit around . hancock you be a security guard . you keep the state of thing . it 's a job . you do it . ( pause ) we be in the same business . Aaron return with the ketchup bottle . a freeze moment while horus ponder the implication . he stare at the bottle . hancock ( cont 'd ) Aaron , could you show I the restroom ? Aaron point first door in the hall . aaron on the right . he leave to find bladder relief - leave horus to he family . aaron ( cont ' D ) what do you think , mom ? mary ( in a whisper ) horus , what do I do ? horus ( at he watch ) I need to get ready . aaron mom ? mary ( to horus ) what do I do with he ... when you be go ? I have to entertain this super ... she do not finish she ... a noise interrupt she - seize the participant . 50 . it come from the bathroom - the sound of piss , urine versus the surface tension .of water . loud . wet . a turgid firehose at full blast . the force of urination grip the room - as powerful as the penile mechanism from which it be generate . the toilet flush . hancock return to a'room of astonished face - mouth agape . int . kitchen - night later , . by a few minute . hancock ( lose ; sombre ) and you could see the flame , through the storm ... I get there , the vessel 's all over , spread across three mile of South Pacific . body float in the water , shoe , kid who would think it some routine reconnaissance joyride . turn out , the only one alive be the captain , up against a buoy ... cry ' cause he do not go down with he man ... and he 's get to live with it . ( beat ) spray he brain all over the dashboard in a parking lot a couple month after . a good man ... ( at Aaron ) . do what he have to do . a brief moment while the graphic sink in . no one talk . Aaron 's smitten . Mary , a mixture of repulsion and fascination . int . apartment - night in the kitchen , in the sink , stack of plate indicate that dinner be through . company have move into the live room , with the exception of horus . Aaron kneel besides hancock . Mary , across from he . aaron ( make a fist ) I want to kill he . mary Aaron . 51 . aaron I want to deck he , just once . so bad I tense up ... like I can not even move . mary ( to hancock ) he come home cry . aaron do not . not cry . it be piss -off . hancock ( react ) no ... there 's no shame in it . the cry . it 's relief ... ( to Mary ) we be older and we do not remember when ... we go , " God , when be the last time ? " maybe it 's I . it 's more a effort , now . take more pain ... more blood . like it 's , do you have the time anymore ? even to look back and recall a move experience . to be move . ( aaron ) by rage . hurt . ( mary ) by love . ( beat ) but if you have to remember the last time something touch you ... you have miss it - you have forget how to cry . horus enter the room , Mr. Security Guard . he observe this magic hancock work over he wife and kid - a talent whose nature he have yet to comprehend . horus opt to not disturb they trance . he make for the door . hancock - hold he accountable . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( aware ) Mr. longfellow . I will be leave , too . horus oh , I ... you do not have to leave . I do not want to interfere . I have work . mary ( the original sin ) oh , I forget to make coffee . she rush into the kitchen . horus stop she . 52 . horus it 's all right , Mary . I be late . mary no , I will make it right now . horus I do not have time . I will grab some on the way . thanks . Mary accept it - not entirely guilt -free . horus ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) I do not want to interrupt . please do not let I stop you . hancock no , I need to go . ( at ' Mary and only Mary ) the last time I have a meal ... a evening like this , I be ... it be too long ago . I appreciate you kindness . mary ( awkward ) please ... you be welcome , here . anytime . horus watch everything - watch she chest heave under hancock 's every word , watch he wife slip away . hancock Aaron . tomorrow . after the bell . I will drop by after school . see how you be do . aaron ( smile ) yeah . horus watch this - he son slip away . the two man leave , hancock ushere horus out first . Mary close the door behind they . leans against the door and exhales - a sign of relief , of despair , or , of a heart raging wild . we just .do not know . 53. ext . apartment - night the two man appear from the entrance , shoulder to shoulder - sort of . they enter the street . horus ( pointing ) I be this way . hancock point the opposite way . hancock need a lift ? horus it 's a short walk . acknowledge . a awkward beat while they stare at each other ... . until finally , they go they separate way - horus via walk and hancock , with effortless grace , , via flight . from the sidewalk and awe -stricken - horus watch hancock merge into the blackness . a look of dread squat on he face . CUT to : int . donut shop - night the white fluorescent of the neighborhood do nut shop . donut . coffee . yellow formica . etc .. a frazzle Korean woman , soon -yi ( 60 ) watch over holly ( 19 ) , the trainee behind the cash register . Officer rutger and Adams sip Joe in the corner booth . adam ( mid - confession ) bleed heart dyke , I know not what . fuck martyrdom . bottom line , Sheila will not put out ... rutger no . adam . will not blow I ... rutger shit stink . 54 . adam say I be keep poontang on the side . rutger d'fuck she know ? shit smear , man . adam Games . I do not need it . rutger fuck game , fuck dame . adam I get a'wife , I do not need the aggravation ... rutger take a do nut hole . the entrance . horus wander in , lose in this environment . he find the front counter . the cop watch he . horus a cup of coffee , please . Holly take the order . leave to fetch it . adam ( o.s. ) longfellow . horus ( turn ; with dread ) how be you , John ? ( rutger ) Frank ? adam ( god , I be funny ) observe anything worth recording , lately ? horus you know ... thing be slow . rutger not for samsone electronics on fifth . get hit on Thursday . adam the guard , he be cut - up like a piece of meat . 55 . rutger anything go wrong , you make sure you notify we , the authority . no heroic without a license . you know the procedure . horus - he know the procedure . adam of course he do . rutger of course . Holly return with the coffee . hand it to horus - free of charge . from the back , soon -yi intervene ... soon - yi he no have gun . not copper . holly oh , I think ... soon - yi he regular guy . sixty - five cent for regular.guy . horus - somebody shoot he . int . aaron's bedroom - night Mary 's fold clothes by the dresser , busy with think . Aaron squat on the bed , he brain go a mile a minute . he plop back against the bed . bring he hand up to he face . make a fist . think . wonder . mary what be you do ? she 's take by this scene . aaron ( release fist ) think . Mary go over to the bed . sit . mary about he ? aaron no . not really . be you ? 56 . mary no . they be lie through they collective tooth . aaron I neither . I be think .. , about tomorrow . mary go to sleep . you know what dad say . tomorrow always feel better ... aaron I know , mom ... after a good night sleep . he say that but he 's the one work every night . do that mean he never feel better ? he 's always feel terrible ? mary ( amuse ) go to bed , anyway . she tuck he - in .. turn off the lamp . and as she 's out the door ... aaron Mom ? she turn . aaron ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) who be Mr. penis ? CUT to : ext . sheepshead - night time lapse into the late hour . this town experience a serene moment - a peacefulness which say that this as night as a night will be . int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night look down aisle of merchandise - not a trace of life and not unlike a cemetery . all be dead , with the exception of footstep - shoe pace linoleum . it 's horus , on duty . his flashlight lead the way ... 57 . outside , the siren of police vehicle charge by - real man en route to real work . horus watch they from the window - like a kid who can not come out to play . he turn to look across the floor - roheim , against a chair , watch the news on a big -screen tv news ( be : hancock ) . the train seem imminently bound for a catastrophic collision when this ... this superguy ... roheim ( impressed ) man . I bet he get laid . horus - he look terrible . ext . rooftop - night it 's dark out here in the night . on the roof . overlook the community , the longfellow 's apartment building ... and Mary 's bedroom . from here , we can see she - enter from the hallway . she disrobe down to bare back ... and from this darkness , the red tip of a burn cigarette glow into view . hancock watch from here , the cigarette blaze back towards he face intense . CUT to : ext . somewhere - night - dream sequence a foreign terrain of tree , of lake so clear and blue . they pass below we as we soar through air and mist ... the mist clear , thrust we into the dense foliage of a jungle . we penetrate the silence the silence , it fade into song - the silk , mellifluous voice of a woman ( not unlike Mary 's ) . her siren call beckon we ... take we deeper into unknown greenery ... but the sound of crackle gunshot punctuate the end to song . scream and cry rise from the smoke , woman and child in hysterics ... 58 . we quicken to a frantic pace , slice through the growth . rocket and mortar shell explode in we path , split tree and earth ... . we remain undaunted ... but the wail of suffer continue ... until we get there , there in a clear as smoke and debris settle ... and we see the remain of a lake , a , lake full of blood ... of mangle body float like flotsam ... women and child ... dead ... . we scream ! int . red eye motel - night hancock bolt from he bed - horrify , eye crack with red vein . he be soak . the orgasmic scream of a prostitute seep through from the adjacent motel room -. the wall behind hancock 's bed tremble to the rhythm of each pelvic thrust ... he clasp . - he ear - torment . CUT to : int . watanabe's shopping emporium - day roheim in he usual state of sleep . his lip mutter dialogue from a unseen dream . roheim olga ... he snap out of it ... roheim ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) . bitch . consciousness slowly sink in . he check he watch , then the area around he . he spot horus - slump in a chair , in a think posture . horn seem lose in he own blank stare . horus ( without look ) another dream ? ' roheim I be talk again , huh ? 59 . no response . ext . watanabe's shopping emporium - day a desert street at this early hour . on the curb and by themselves - horus and roheim , ruminate . roheim . that look on she face , you know the look , when she 's almost there ... make you feel like a man . ( beat ) then everything get blurry and all of a sudden , it 's not my arm that 's around she and it 's not my hand that 's touch she and it 's not even I , my body . some guy , this good-look guy ... he look like the marlboro man , only shirtless . and so ... the marlboro man 's run he finger through she hair . and he 's ... bang she ... and she knee ... by she ear , you know ? ( beat ; cring ) and that look on she face . that look . horus roheim . roheim ( continuing ) bitch . horus come on . roheim ( get up ) walk with I . CUT to : ext . apartment - day the longfellow 's apartment . - seem from above . clyde exit the building in he morning robe . , take hold of the newspaper . dig through it ... Mary and Aaron - they exit , surprising clyde . Mary gesture at clyde , point a accuse finger . she seize the paper from he , send he cower inside . 61 . ext . schoolyard day Mary and Aaron - by the perimeter fence . mary have a good one . aaron I get to do what I get to do . she watch he go -curious . ext . sky - day the sky 's Pov - the schoolyard . Aaron - saunter to class . Mary - turn , walk away . we soar through air and mist . Circle a street below . hover over a alley . descend from the cloud - into the depth of building and fire escape . ext . STREET - day Mary , among other pedestrian , head homeward . her pace say she 's in no hurry to get there . out of a alley and into the street - hancock , trenchcoate , inconspicuous , and in pursuit . J ext . liquor store - day horus wait outside - hand in he pocket . he pace uncomfortably . roheim exit the liquor store , already imbibe from a brown paper bag . not a word from horus . roheim ( post - gulp ) this stuff 's go to kill I . he give horus a glance . take another swig . roheim ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) you disapprove , I know . horus no . J 62 . roheim sure you do . you disapprove and yet you allow I to drink ... to poison myself . you friend . without a word of caution . not a word . just take it ... you take everything . horus no . roheim you be afraid to offend . you do not want to be abrasive . provocative . ( beat ; as ' horus squirm ) so you suppress . do nothing . take it . roheim take another gulp . horus ( pull tooth ) you should not drink . roheim my wife . she leave a bad taste in my mouth . I drink to kill - the taste . horus have no response to this . roheim ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) you be a good man , horus ... ( beat ) and you be right . this stuff 's no good . it 's a coward 's way out and I know it . he give the bottle a guilty stare . toss the bottle into a nearby garbage can . roheim ( cony ' D ) ( sick of himself ) what the hell . I can learn to love beverage . ext . STREET - day Mary . walk . hancock . follow . from across the street . mesmerized and in a world to himself . he cross . the street , fail to look both way ... bah ! a ups truck strike the clueless superhero , send he across air - towards Mary . 63 . 200 lbs. of superflesh explode into a jewelry display window - just ahead of Mary 's path . Glass shower the scene . people scream . hancock warble out from the debris - he trenchcoat reduce to mere tatter . he pull a severe sleeve from the rubble . look at Mary , repose before he . hancock ( nothing happen ) how be you ? in unison , they turn to the ups vehicle - a . mangle heap of steel , steam billow from its rupture radiator . hancock shrug a smile . ext . STREET - day Mr. longfellow round the corner and amble home . he be tired and he face show it . there to make it worse - clyde . he 's back , get at the sport page on the front step . a sudden burst of outrage consume horus . he approach the step with fire and ... horus ( burn ... ) clyde . can I talk to you for just a brief moment ? clyde ( yawning ) not now , longfella . I be all block up . clyde head inside - with the sport page .. he fart as he go in . horus ( extinguished ) sure . ext . STREET - day along a street somewhere who care - hancock and Mary - in a cool stroll . Mary hold he trenchcoat , surveying the damage . mary what be you do in the street ? ( the trenchcoat ) you rip it pretty good . 64 . hancock - he 's lose . mary ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) what be you :.. how old 's this thing ? hancock do not see it come ... leave myself open . mary it will be all right . hancock all right ? mary it 's just the seam . I can sew it back . hancock what ? mary ( the trenchcoat ) this . it 's just the seam .' I will take good care of it . hancock you will sew - it ? mary yes . me. I can . and I will re-button it for you , all right ? hancock acknowledge with a smile - a slight one . mary ( cont ' D ) ( continuing } be you okay ? no reply . he stare at she - simply . CUT to : ext . STREET - day . Mary stand alone on the sidewalk , look up at heaven . her eye search the gray sky for sign of life .- there , overhead - a dot . it grow in size , get closer and arrive fast ... and gradually , it shape into hancock . 65 . he swoops into view , straight downward . pull on the air brake and ease into a soft landing - by Mary 's side . he be wet from he flight and he hand , 'we notice , be cup together tightly . mary ( like a little girl ) let 's see . hancock you have to be quick . mary come on , I want to see . hancock if you blink , you will miss it . hancock uncup he hand , release a billowy Mass of white something - it hang in the air , and then dissipate into moisture . it shower into he open hand . Mary reach for it . too late . mary I see it , right ? a little cloud . she peer into he hand - where only a pool of wetness remain . and with she finger , Mary reach inside to feel the rain . hancock watch this - the innocence in she face , as she hand touch he . he stare down at she hand ... at the wedding ring . Mary -pull she hand away . mary ( cony ' D ) the water be dirty . hancock mary hancock I be sorry . mary ( into he eye ) it 's not you fault . 66 . hancock look away . mary ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) you be tense . hancock I have be tired , lately . mary you should slow down . Rest . hancock - so people tell I . mary ( heat ; upon some think ) it must be hard . hancock hard ? mary to always do right ... do good when all you want to do be rest . hancock it 's harder to not do anything . what be I ? it 's not for I . it 's for ... it be about people . Rest ? when there be despair ? I cannot . I bring relief . I be relief . you know that instant , that split instant of time when you realize that the nightmare ... the totality of fear itself ... that it 's all be a bad dream ? that it 's safe ? that be relief . the infant in my arm ... to the hysterical mother . when you can see she face , what 's rest ? it be self - indulgence . Mary - in some advance stage of " wow . " mary where ... who be you ? hancock it 's not important who I be , Mary . or what ... where I be from . it do not matter . I be a man . I be every man . 67 . mary ( size up he word ) you probably get a lot of practice explain yourself , on account of who you be and what you do . hancock why ... do you say that ? mary it 's like , everything you say sound ... so perfect . like you rehearse they so they will be that way . I mean , not to say that it 's insincere ... ( beat ) I mean , maybe it 's something about you but ... it must be hard on you sometimes . hancock stare at he foot , perhaps reluctant to answer . mary ( cont ' D ) ( apologetic ) but probably not ... probably .. hancock yes ... ( pull tooth ) sometimes . Mary allow the moment to sink in . mary so , you never answer . back there ... what be you do in the middle of the street ? hancock ( thinks ) I be lose ... ( exhales ) . but I think I be ok , now . CUT to : ext . alley - day trash can fly . Paper , sweep up and send aflutter . we have see this before - Aaron , run for he life and the bully in pell - mell pursuit . he cut into a alley . loose they momentarily . find a dumpster to he like . 68 . erlick . spengler . they zoom by and with great eagerness . perceval stroll after they , too cool to sweat . from the dumpster , little Aaron watch they ... look relieved ... until conscience kick in . a moment to reflect , he take . aaron ( hancock ) " before long , you be run , look for a place to hide . " ext . alley - day erlick and spengler - at a dead end . they trail lead they to a metal fence , the alley continue beyond it . no time waste they scale it . perceval arrive - in time to see erlick , landing on the other side . spengler pull himself over . join erlick on the ground . perceval shit , I be not climb this . just comb my hair . erlick and spengler turn to he , through the metal bar . they eye be of disbelief . perceval ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? ( check he hair ) what ? perceval follow they gaze behind he to Aaron , shiver with clench fist . perceval ( cont 'd ) ( roll up sleeve ) I just comb my hair . erlick and spengler make for the fence , to join the fray . perceval ( cont 'd ) do not bother . he 's mine . ( to Aaron ) no bite . I hate bite . spengler kick he ass , percy . erlick ( overlapping ) do he , percy . he 's you woman . 69 . perceval let 's go . let 's have it . while we be still kid . nothing from Aaron - just a lot of ball . perceval ( cont 'd ) Dick wad , let 's go . come on , you impotent little gonad . ( beat ) you mother choke on big , hard , veiny , purple -headed shlong the size of ... all Aaron need to hear . he charge - comatose . and the pummel begin . perceval dictate the assault , landing blows to the face and body . Aaron - do a impression of a punch bag . he waft at air , leave and right ... erlick he 's yours . spengler save some for we . someone blink - and Aaron find himself on the dirt , supine . perceval loom over he , silhouett against the sky . he reach for he zipper , do that perceval - thing . a look of recognition in Aaron 's eye - it 's go to rain soon . he react with knee - jerk reflect , administer a swift kick into perceval 's pee apparatus . a faint squeal eruct from the fellow 's mouth . he drop like a wet tea bag . erlick . spengler . shock. disbelief . Aaron get to he foot , ready to book ... but he do not . he stay . erlick what 's he do ? spengler kick he ass , percy . Aaron stare at they , behind the fence . then down at perceval fetal position , mouth agape . Aaron reach for he zipper zip , revenge present itself . erlick that 's cold . ?0. spengler kill he , percy . Aaron crane himself over perceval 's face , over he open oral orifice . contemplate he target . Aaron - to pee or not to pee ... zip . he close he fly . step away . aaron ( to the boy ) do not mess with I . he strut out of the alley . shift into a mad sprint , adrenaline take he away . CUT to : int . bedroom - day horus sleep . Mary enter from the hallway , hush -hush . she move to the closet . change out of she clothes . not a stir from horus - exercise stealth in he effort to watch she , watch she sweater fall to the carpet . Mary stand before the closet mirror . do a profile check . she reach for she bra ... and from the mirror , catch horus stare , . mary you be still up ? she move behind the bathroom door . self -conscious . horus just get in ? Mary step out of the bathroom , buttone up she domestic attire . she nod affirmatively . mary Nick 's market . be you sick ? horus I can not sleep . she go to the bed . palm he forehead with she right . palm she own with the leave , as reference . horus tilt he head away from she hand . 71 . horus ( cont 'd ) please , Mary . mary you want some milk ? I will heat it up for you , how about that ? horus no thank you . ( beat ) Aaron , today ? this hancock 's pick up mary yes , he be . he sit there in bed , struggle with the word . Mary continue dress - oblivious . horus he will take he home ? mary yes . horus what do we know about this man ? the papers ... they do not have all the fact about he . mary what fact ? he 's not a hero . horus yes . a hero . I know that ... mary Aaron like he . horus ( timid ) I know that maybe , I have be neglectful ... that I have not be there ... Mary do not hear he . she 's at the mirror , fix she hair . horus ( cont ' D ) ( seriously ) I be try ... you have to know ... I would like to be more ... involved . like it use to be . before we move here . ( more ) 72 . horus ( cont ' D ) ( notice Mary , apply lipstick ) be you go somewhere ? mary no . I have to start on dinner . so how about that glass of milk ? horus - shake he head , annoyed . mary ( cont ' D ) all right . try to get some sleep . with that , she 's out the door . horn alone in bed , stare into the vanity mirror at he wretch face . he spot a brown paper bag on the chair . go to inspect . Inside - hancock 's tatter trenchcoat . oy , what do it mean ? horus return to bed , distraught . he bury himself under the cover . ext . STREET - day Aaron race down the. last leg of he street . on the step of he apartment building - hancock , make himself at home . yes , a cigarette smolder from he lip .. hancock look at the boy . they share a second of silence . and finally , hancock - put out he hand - he approve . Aaron , triumphant , smack it for five . CUT to : int . apartment - night the dinner table . Post meal . mid-digestion . Aaron be run off at the mouth . aaron .o he mouth be . open and he just stare up at I , it hurt that bad . and while he narrate , Mary run she finger through he hair - a mother groom she child . meanwhile , horus listen concerned . aaron ( contd . ) ( continuing ) I say , " do not mess with I . " just like that . ( more ) 73. aaron ( cont 'd ) " do not mess with I . " Mom , remember that guy in the cop movie ... he say that ? mary all right , already . how 's you mouth ? aaron it do not hurt , I tell you . ( continuing ) he see everything from the roof . Said I do what I have to do . horus ( finally ) Aaron , tomorrow ... aaron ( to Mary ; oblivious ) he say tomorrow , he would pi ck I up again ... horus I think maybe you would like it -- if I pick you . aaron God , my friend will freak . horus freeze - fade back to he meal , unheard . 0 int . bedroom - night through the dim of light - horus , alone , prepare for work . a frame photograph of a distinguished man ( 50' ) sit on the shelf inside the closet - he pose in full police regalia , stern and proud . horus pause to acknowledge the photograph . he close the closet door . int . apartment - night on the kitchen floor and under the light - Mary and Aaron , mother give son a haircut . mary hold still . aaron I like it long . mary shut up . 74 . horus walk into the live room , . in the dark . he look at he wife , then at he son - do they own thing . they do not realize he 's there . horus leave , the door vclick shut behind he . mary ( cont 'd ) horus ? aaron it 's almost eight . dad 's late . mary horus ? she brushes hair off she apron . move into the live room , the bedroom - no husband . she go to the front door . open it into the stairway outside . there on the stair and down below , hancock stand - on he way up . Mary see he ... and they look at each other . int . apartment - night in the kitchen and under the light , Mary . hancock . Aaron . Mary be finish up on Aaron , apply the last snip . aaron like this ? ( hold up hand ) how do you make a fist ? mary ( grab he head ) Aaron , hold it . hancock shove he fist up close , almost between the boy' eye . so there it be , the fist - this petrify mass of knuckle and bone . it snarl at Aaron . hancock hold it there , finger lock together - like he can not let go of they . Aaron swallow - in awe . Mary watch she guest , the change in he . mary ( cont 'd ) hancock ? the sound of she voice take he . he snap out of it . 15 . mary ( cony ' D ) ( continuing ) turn . hancock , it 's yo you hancock what ? mary you hair . come on , have a seat . aaron Mom 's go butcher you hair . mary shut up , kid . hit the shower . and the n homework . aaron oh , mom . I want to talk to he . tell she , hancock . hancock shrug a " what can I do . " aaron ( cont ' D ) yeah , right . I know . I get to do what I get to do . int . apartment - night the Big haircut . Mary and hancock - up close . Mary run she finger through he hair , testing he length . she lean into he . snip , go she scissor . hancock - in he seat , as hard as marble . he seem a bit lose in she presence . baffle . from he position , the view consist of Mary - blossoming in she sweater . and that 's it . not a word during this process - just the SOUND of they breath . int . apartment - night hancock . erected before we , the immediate product of a mediocre haircut - he look plain and un-super . he look ... goofy . mary there ... my hero . he inspect himself via a hand mirror . smile . politely . 76 . mary ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) how do you like it ? hancock Nice . thank you . Mary - peripatetic , put away thing ... mary I start out just trimming for horus . here and there . he have to look just right for the academy , say he father , a police captain there ... in Philly . when we move here , I pretty much take over as the resident barber . you know , to save some money . hancock he be in the-police academy ? a pause . mary his father 's idea . not he . he go through it anyway , like he have something to prove ... the validation of he manhood . ( beat ) it tpok everything out of he . he do not talk for day after he be cut . he take it real hard . I mean , still , he 's not ... I mean , , he 's still ... ( edit herself ) . it be a difficult time for hi .. me. I understand that I be not intolerant of it , the work - through process . it 's just that , sometimes ... ( at hancock ) sometimes , I need he strength . I miss . the strength . hancock be that what you want ? mary want ? hancock what you need ? mary the hair ... I need to ... 77 . she kneel to sweep up hair . hancock follow she down . hancock Mary ? mary yes ? hancock ( beat ) you ever be down the boardwalk , at night ? mary why ... what for ? they be eye to eye . Close . aaron ( o.s. ) Mom ? Mary burst from she perch - regroup , awkwardly . Aaron stand in the hallway , he hair still wet from the shower . mary yes . Inside Aaron 's head : my mother + hancock ? Nah ! aaron my mouth . it 's start to swell . I think he loosen a tooth . Mary - maternal duty call . mary all right . go to you room . I will get the ice pack . Aaron exit . Mary exit . hancock - alone and on he knee . he finally rise . head for the front door . Mary return with the ice pack . catch he ... mary ( cont ' D ) you be leave ? hancock it 's get late . 78 . mary I be sorry . hancock I be go to take a walk . mary really ? on the boardwalk ? hancock maybe . pause . aaron ( o.s. ) Mom . ' mary I be sorry . she go to he , without word to say . in this silence , he stare at she he eye , glaze with think . hancock ( finally ) good night , Mary . mary good night . int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night the clock - 9:45 pm . the store rest in afterhour stillness . horus pace by the side door , he ear press to the phone receiver - no answer . he hang up . check he watch . go to the front entrance and peer out at the street - no roheim . int . bar - night the bar . the smoke . the scum of humanity . gina - over there , marketing she cleavage to anything with a pulse and a penis . she mingle with a bar fly . her eye locate hancock - enter , find a seat . from a adjacent stool , a man place he hand on hancock 's lap . whisper to he . 79 . man I wear dress . how about you ? hancock ( consider ; nah ) get lose . the warning come across quite well - the man exit . gina saunter over - take the vacancy . at the other end , the bar fly rise . pay . head pass they , for the door . gina ( to bar fly ) meet you outside . the El camino , right ? the bar fly nod . exit . gina turn to hancock . take he face in she hand , study he . gina ( cont 'd ) you eye be calm . it 's good . she withdraw she hand . hancock what ? gina but you be still here . she rise . and as she make for the exit ... gina ( cont 'd ) Nice haircut . hancock watch as the night swallow she whole . he inhale the rest of he cigarette - pensive . CUT to : int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night the clock , it read 1:05 be . horn , he flashlight , they be make they round . his routine take he outside - via a exit door . ext . watanabe's shopping emporium - night a dark alley . dumpster . box . horus peruse the premise . head around the building and to the street .:. 80 . . as a rag figure collapse onto.him . it 's roheim and he 's be drink , right ? horus dear God . horus catch he . int . watanabe be - night they find a chair in the back , horus position roheim in the light . the old man be not drunk - he mouth agape , he face bruise with wound from a serious pummel . a chunk of lip dangle , bleed . horus Jesus . go to the bathroom sink for some paper towel . come back to nurse ' the wound . roheim figure I can get you by the front ... but you be not there . horus ( dabbing the tear lip ) who ... what happen ? roheim they -jumped I . that bastard scarpo and he boy . they be wait on I . returns to get more clean towel . and come back . horus why do not you come through the back ... stand out there in the dark ? roheim - could not find my key . must have drop they ' in the fight . ( feel he lip ) shit ... he work himself off the chair . head inside the bathroom . horus what be you do ? 81 . roheim ( into the mirror ) the old man look at what they do .. give a fat lip to match he big mouth . I be for shit . horus ( frustration ) sit down could you knock it off , please . so I can clean the cut . he lead the old wretch back to the chair . roheim I be a waste of time ... horus stop . roheim I be too old for this . horus you be not old . roheim what be I ... I be biologically challenge . any way you look , I be a waste of effort . ( beat ) I use to be , I blame the job . the job. think , bullshit job . not right for a man . " to observe and record ... " I say , what a t's for the hell be dio nly dog . they get a d of of gs in t g g hisn reason we be he d be , we do not shit on the carpet . horus look away . do not want to hear it . roheim ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) but you know what , horus . that 's all wrong . it be not the job . the job do not make the man . it 's I . not the uniform . it start right here ... ' cause I can not do anything right . fuck up my ABC 's . ( a beat ; at horus ) but you . why do you put up with this crap ? a wife . a kid . there ... wait for you at home . horus - he just do not know anymore . 82. ext . killybegs textiles - night on the rooftop of this building - hancock , on another end of a marlboro . eye red . Hair in wet dishevelment . he 's a mess . hancock get to do what you get to do . he pace with nervous energy , pound he fist into the other hand . we sense a decision brewing ... int . the longfellow bedroom - night a desk clock point to 2:30 be . Mary - awake undercover . she twist , turn ... a shadow engulf the side of she wall , smother the light in the room . Mary catch it . rise above she blanket . what she see - outside the window , hancock hang there in non - gravity . he stare directly at she . hancock I know you be up , Mary . I know you can hear I . please meet I on the boardwalk tomorrow morning . nine o'clock . it 's important that I talk to y ou , then . ( gravely ) please , Mary . and with that , he 's off and away . Mary . - stunne . CUT to : int . roheim apartment - day we be in the staircase - where horus be , support roheim up the stair . roheim they be go to can I . horus no one 's can anyone . no one see we ... watch you step ... leave . roheim should be a extra key over the door . 83. int . kitchen - day in the kitchen , Mary and Aaron - the morning routine . something be off this morning , like someone throw a wrench into the machinery . Mary appear a bit frazzle , hand she son toast . she rush back to the stove - she egg beckone . aaron the toast 's burnt . mary what ? Aaron inspect he superman lunchbox . aaron we be late ... you forget the corn chip . Mary serve up - the egg - sunny side up . 1. and down ... and all over the place . mary eat ... and we will go . ( check she watch ) where 's you father ? she grab a comb and proceed to part Aaron 's hair . aaron you forget the corn ... ( the comb snag ) . ouch ! mary I be 'sorry , honey . I be hope daddy will be home before we leave . I be sorry . aaron you have you period , mom ? she respond with a brisk slap to the head ... smack . int . roheim apartment - day we enter a anal - retentively neat and manicure live room . horus usher roheim in ... roheim shoe . the two pause . remove they shoe . proceed into bedroom . 84 . int . bedroom - day horus set roheim down on the bed . tuck he under . horus you be go to be okay ? roheim I do not know . you might have solo act tomorrow night . horus get some sleep . roheim you be a good man , horus . horus ( wash over it ) I have to get home , now . I will call . roheim grab on to he sleeve . roheim you know what olga say before she walk out on I ? her last word to I . she turn at the front door . look around the room and she say , " keep it clean . " that 's it , can you believe it ? then out the door . ( beat ) but like a.shmuck , . I keep the place spotless ... in case she walk through that door one day . ( at horus ; with pain ) I do not think she 's come back . ext . STREET - day horus struggle homeward - he mind in a headlock with anger , despair , a combination thereof . he move down he street . look ahead - where clyde stand , pillaging he morning paper . clyde spot horus on the approach . smile at he , with impunity . go back in . on horus - you can boil a egg in he seethe mouth . int . apartment - day fist clench , the morning paper under he arm - horus. steady down the hallway . his eye target the door at the end of the hall , see red . 85 . he get there , the door . he swallow . wipe sweat off he hand . knock . and again , knock . ï¿½ow he fidget in he spot - courage evaporate with every elapse second . until finally , horus be a pile of dung . the door open . and clyde emerge , tall and ugly . he 's hold up he pants with one and the sport page with the other . caughtin mid-defecation , he be none too happy . clyde the box score be wait and I get a inch of meat stick out of my ass . make it snappy . horus ( loose he voice ) I would like my sport page , please . clyde you what ? horus I want you to stop take my sport page . clyde all right . clyde close the door . horus - thunderstruck . he stutter-step ... knock ... clyde ( cont ' D ) ( agitate ) what 's the matter , you deaf ? I will stop take you sport page . now get out of here and let I ... horus ( interrupt ) I want today 's sport page . clyde you what ? horus that there ... my sport page . 86 . clyde what 's get in to you ? all of a sudden ? you do not even like football . horus do . not budge . clyde ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) you will get it back ... after I take my dump . clyde proceed to close the door ... but horus interject , he foot in the door . horus no . clyde what ? horus no . I would like my sport page now . please . clyde after I finish . horus I would prefer it now . clyde what 's eat you , longfella ? you crazy ? without warning , horus wrest the sport page from clyde 's arm a kamikaze move , indeed . clyde ( cont 'd ) ( shocked ) give that back . horn lunge at he hulk opponent , land a punch into clyde 's midsection . harmless - it tickle he , maybe . clyde ( cont 'd ) why would you go and do that for ? clyde belt up have pants . role up he sleeve .. , and the massacre commence . he simply tear into horus ... slow to the stomach ... rights across the face . it end quickly and without resistance - as if horn accept it as fate . 87 . clyde ' kneel over . pick up the sport page . and as if yawn , return to he room . kaw / CUT to : ext . schoolyard - day by the fence - Mary and Aaron . Mary , with a brown paper bag , seem . distant , preoccupy in a far away place . aaron be you all right , mom ? mary ( distracted ) yeah ... why ? aaron you be act weird . mary ( do not hear ) what ? aaron I be late for class . go home , mom . I think it 's time for you nap . Aaron leave . pensive , Mary begin she walk ... to the boardwalk . int . apartment - day the door swing open to admit horus - batter , enraged , disorient . he confront a empty apartment . horus Mary ! a deaf ear . no one 's there to console he . he storm out of the apartment . ext . boardwalk - day the ocean rage against the shore , in the distance and at some muffle volume . up against the railing lean hancock , and the remain of a cigarette . his hair drip of salt water - he 's be here a while , one would suspect . 88. cop ( o.s. ) come back here ! stop he ! in the background , a cop commence pursuit on a thief . the thief dash by - pass a indifferent hancock . the cop follow suit , pass by . cop ( cont 'd ) stop he ! hancock - he gaze waver not from the distant water . ext .. STREET - day horus stumble . keeps he balance . trudges down the street to a corner bar . int . bar - day the bar be empty at this hour . the chair be up , the floor sweep . a husky bartender unload liquor in the back . horus enter . find a stool . horus drink . the bartender come out , consider this man 's appearance . horus ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) be this a bar ... or what ? drink. ( uncomfortable with he own rudeness ) please . ext . boardwalk - day Mary stand there on the boardwalk , the bag in she arm . it 's cold this morning . a little wind have pick up . and the cloud - they be alive , restless . she find hancock , stare at she , wait for . she . hancock hi. ( embarrassed ) thank you for be here . mary be everything all right ? 89 . hancock have no response . U mary ( cont ' D ) ( concerned ) what 's wrong ? hancock ( constipate ; follow some thought ) it 's cold . Mary and hancock - we notice , they look good together . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( at the cloud ) they be move . the turbulence have start . mary tell I what 's wrong . he point to the distant ocean - where the horizon curve into darkness . hancock look out there and what do you see , Mary ? mary ( perplexed ) nothing . I do not know ... I do not see anything . hancock see it , can it 's out there . but you can not y nu ? ( beat ; hold on to a thread ) and that 's good , not see . but for I , I have see it . it 's where I be from ... out there . mary please , hancock . what be you talk about ? what 's out there ? hancock duty. ( beat ; at Mary ) you ask a man , Mary , and he will tell you . he will say : " you do what you have to do . " or what ? you let the next guy do it for you , if you do not ... if you can not . ( lose it ) and ... but . if I can not , then who ? ( more ) 90 . hancock ( cont 'd ) the next guy ? no . there be no " I can not . " just " I must . " Mary - watch a grow superman unravel . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) but I do not ask , " why I ? " I do not question it . this be I . I be it . I do what I have to do . I get in there .. , all the kill ... the blood ... and I deal with it . I clean up . I make thing right . ( beat ) and . but when .. , where do it end ? ( be : he cape ) can not stop the hemorrhage ... it 's everywhere . and it stay . all that I can do , Mary . the thing I be capable of do , I can not blink away the hell I have see . it 's in I ... ( point to he head ) in here and I can not not think about it . it 's in I . it 's I . mary hancock ... what ... hancock I just want to let go , Mary . or I will break . I need to get away . get away to where ? I do not know . ( at Mary ) I need you help . mary I ? what can I do ? ( she 's helpless ) what do you want I to do ? hancock I want you to save I . mary how ? hancock lean forward . towards Mary . and kiss she . they lip lock , twisted and entwine ... until Mary , compose she sense , pull away . mary ( cont 'd ) Don ' to 91 . hancock ( desperate ) save I . mary I can not . hancock you can . ( the hard sell ) and Mary , - I will take you away . and aaron. what ... I will quit . get a real job . a apartment . I will flip burger . I do not know what I be do ... what I be say anymore . mary ( overlapping ) I be marry . a pause . hancock to whom ? mary I love he . the death blow . hancock no. ( turn from she ) unacceptable . mary I love he . I be sorry . one can almost hear life 's precious air seeping out of this superman - he would slump over if not for the muscle of steel . Mary want to console ... but what can she do ? hancock I be cold . Mary hand he the content of the bag - the trenchcoat . mary I be sorry . 92 . she leave . CUT to : int . BRADLEY elementary school - day Aaron . the school hallway . he hold a wooden hall pass , indicate that class be in session . he swing into the boy room . int . boy room - day a large restroom - empty . Little Aaron pass up on the urinal . select a private stall . zip - urination begin . splash segues into drip . drip . Aaron shake off the last drop ... plop . and that 's the cue for the adjacent stall - arm like tentacles surface from below , shackle Aaron in he spot . he can not see but , from behind , the stall door open ... guess who ? perceval - possess . he grab the back of Aaron 's head . introduce it to the yellow water below . splash - the head go in , submerge . what Aaron see for the next several second : yellow , the thrashing of . bubbles , the shine . - of white porcelain at . intimate range . what he hear : the gasping of he own breath , gurgle , and wick laughter . the ambush end . perceval . erlick . spengler . one of they say ... they ( mockingly ) " do not mess with I . " they leave - laugh . they ( cont 'd ) ( in the distant ) Little shit . Left there and in the stall - Aaron , slump against the bowl . on the tile floor . a wet rag of piss . 93. int . apartment - day Mary hurry into the room - flustered , adrenaline coursing wild . she run down the hallway to she bedroom , seek solace in horn . the cold , empty bed say he have not be home . mary horus ... CUT to : ext . schoolyard - day the school front . kide swarm into the street , freshly release from captivity . and there amidst bedlam - Aaron , rough - up and soile in disgrace . he move to the curb , wait for someone to take he away . no hancock , anywhere . Aaron wait , hopeful . ext . STREET - day hancock walk a aimless walk - in oblivion , a whiskey bottle in he hand . he 's be drink . L " i in he path and up ahead , a little girl sue ( 8 ) beckon at the upper branch of a tree . sue ( so innocent , she voice ) hymie . come down , hymie . she catch hancock , mr.. superhero who can fly , stumbling by . sue ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) mister ? my hymie will not come down from the tree . hancock 's reaction - " what ? " sue ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) my pussycat . she will not come down . she stare up at he with big , blue , sad , helpless , innocent eye . 94 . so cool , hancock reach down for a pebble - take it in he palm . find the little pussy name hymie . and with a simple flick of the wrist ... shoot it down . a sharp meow . punctuate the task . hymie drop from the branch , limp and lifeless . a thud we hear on impact . sue ( cont 'd ) ( so innocent , she voice ) Holy fuck . hancock resume he course , take off and into the wet sky . ext . sky - day hancock 's drunken flight - erratic and dangerously close to ... bam ... building . he strike the corner of a brick tower , plummete downward with the dislocate debris . he bounce off the concrete -. in a alley . int . apartment - day Mary be on the sofa - wonder where horus might be . she check h er watch . ext . schoolyard - day the place be empty . desert . Aaron . on the curb . some trash flutter by he foot . on he face - the abandonment of all hope . nobody 's come , this be clear . ext . alley - day hancock - on he back and amidst the rubble . he brace the building to get up . drop . get to he foot , only to be confront by the police officer from the boardwalk . we will call this one officer reed - a beat cop with something stiff up he ass . reed what do we have here ? a piece of shit . a slow look of recognition seize he face - this be that superguy . hancock stare at he . 95 . hancock ( humorless ) fuck off . he push past reed , who acquiece willingly . ext . STREET - day a Aaron . walk home . dejected . his eye catch a glimpse of particular pedestrian down the street - hancock . he give chase ... and confront he , out of breath . aaron ( a slight smile ) hi. hancock ( turn ; drunk ) what be you do here ? aaron ( the smile fade ) I see you walk . where be you today ? you say you would ... be there . hancock - look over Aaron 's abuse frame . hancock I do not know what you be talk about . aaron where be you go ? can I go ? hancock you do not want to go where I be go . aaron that asshole get I in the bathroom , today ... ( try to hold on ) and you say you would pick I up at school . hancock turn . he 's upset now . hancock listen . Aaron recoil . hancock ( cony ' D ) ( continuing ) listen . I be not here to save you . ( more ) 1 96 . hancock ( cont 'd ) no , not my job . do not put that on I . ( pound he chest ) not my problem . not on my shoulder . deal with it , kid . you be what you be and ... what I say , it will not do you any change . you will grow up to be just like - you old man . a coward . not a damn thing you can do about it ... ' cept grab both ankle , hope by the grace of God the reaming 's gentle . Aaron back away from he angry wrath . hancock ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) that 's right . walk away . I ... I be not here to save you . he watch Aaron break 1into a run - another youngster dash against the rock . in hancock 's eye - a .glint of regret . but only a glint . int . bar - day this empty bar . with the exception of horus and the bartender - while he 's drying some mug , let 's call he joey ( 30 ) . horus ( boozed ) one.more . joey study he . he take a mug and begin to fill it ... horus ( cont 'd ) no ... nevermind . ( go to blow ) where 's you bathroom ? joey ( not in my place ) bathroom 's close . horus politely stand '- teeter a bit . horus how much . joey ( sarcasm ) let 's see ... that 's one beer . tell you what . I will take care of this one . 97 . horus thank you . joey the register be not open yet , anyhow . horus do not hear he . he 's already on the move , make a dash for the door . but too late - he vomit at the front entrance . joey ( cont 'd ) shit . ext . hade - day in the armpit of town - hancock . he light a cigarette with the matchbook gina have give he earlier . at attention before he - gina , gnaw on gum , heaving in all she glory . gina I have be wait . they stare for one horny beat . hancock move into she . bury he head into she bosom , look for solace . she take he in , very maternal this gina . \./ int . apartment - day the front door open , but slowly . Aaron step inside . from the kitchen , Mary spot he in he violate condition . he see she reaction , that of shock - and like that , he run 's obbing into she arm . CUT to : ext . hade - day a phone booth - gina 's office . there in the back alley and in this glass booth - hancock and gina , they organ ensnare . they be pump away . up. down . a surreal sight , indeed - the red of he cape and the black of she leather . gina come on , baby . relax . hancock I can not . 98 . gina you can . the phone begin to ring - but they be busy . hancock I can not . gina let it go , baby . just let it ... ring ... hancock ( in tear ) I can not . his arm rip through the glass ... gina . go . ( orgasm ) oh god . hancock I can not ! ring ... he drill a hole into the phone - kill it . ' gina do not give up , now . he let she down . tear out of the booth . find the sky . ext . sheepshead BAY - night there be movement in the sky above - aggressive formation and groove in cloud once coy and demure . the wind hum its presence , toy with fall leave . ' int . apartment - night it 's dinner - but all be not well . Mary and Aaron and a empty chair . ' they sit without talk .. they eat without make a sound . between they - a ketchup bottle . the door burst wide , cough up horus . he locate he chair and plop on it ... miss ... kiss the carpet . 99 . horus ( on the ground ; prone ) Son . go to you room . struggle to he knee . mary what happen toyou ? aaron dad , be you waste ? mary where ... Aaron , he 's not waste . go to you room . aaron he be waste . horus rise , under great difficulty . feel he way to the sofa . when Mary try to assist , he wave she away . horus Aaron . go to you room . aaron but dad ... mary ( authority ) go! Aaron oblige , at reluctant pace . mary ( cont ' D ) what do you think you be do , horus longfellow ? horus gauge she . horus do not " horus longfellow " I , Mary . I be not you child . I be you husband . mary horus , what be you talk about ? ( be : bruise ) who do this to you face ? horus rise from he seat with mustere strength . 100 . horus ( oblivious ) but you do not know - about I ... Mary know where this be head . horus ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) you do not know I be go to do this to you . ( a half - chuckle ) I guess I should have know . we be marry and I know ... at the reception . I could not dance . so I sit in the back and watch . you be with Stuart olmst and I watch you dance . in you white dress . and I remember zone out ... for a second , just watch you . God , Mary ... the little girl next door who use to get into fist fight with she brother in that patch - up toughskin . we meet only ' cause the tallest tree in the neighborhood be in my backyard and you need to climb it . ( beat ) but that night . God , you look so beautiful i.had to realize it ... how much I love you ... one more time . ( beat ) you and Stuart dance . laughed . and I remember I be watch you there , with he ... together like that . you look good with he , I think all of a sudden . like you belong ... better . and as I stare across the floor , it be the same story with all the guy there , that they be more right for you . ( swallows ) more right because that night , you walk in with the wrong man . mary why do you say that ? horus because I let you down . ( beat ) I be a coward . I can not do anything about it . look at I , I be break up in front of you . and God , I fear the day when I would have to defend you and Aaron . what do I do , then ? what be I if I can not do that ... my own wife , family ? not a man . 101 . mary ( ballistic ) L be . do you be a fool , that 's what you you think I be completely blind when I marry you ? something cut at you masculine ego and it 's the pressure ... the standard 's unreasonable . the woman , she want I to part ocean . that 's the kind of bull shit 's make of . I go with through it ... , I be there when the hurt come , when the academy say no . I there . and when you feel like hide ... from I and you ownforward . take Rent job , I step it be you , horus longfellow . otile . I do not take the love away . here . the closet , horus stand there - tear , almost . he take to he security retrieve he U - Rent Security jacket . he grab hat . straighten he hair . put it on . mary ( cont ' D ) horn , what be you do ? insert the flashlight into he holster . horus all that I can do . the frontdoor . and with that , stumble out of mary horus ! int . brownstone - night a dark room somewhere . Close on the top of a bdr dresser - a frame the e picture of a happy Ted " the police captain " begin to rattle . and it come from a bed g twrithing nintherrposit on I over obscure from view , iearidin 's 1 he can . a hancock . she 's do the best girl come on , baby . what 's ... wrong ? the picture of Ted " the police captain " Brock succumb to the rattle . it drop off 102 . dream sequence - somewhere explode into the rage and fury of a apartment fire . casualty come in the form of cry , woman and child on the v erge of incineration . hancock 's Pov : a burn hallway , flame spew from every crevice - we be walk through Hell . we see a boy , huddle under a table . hancock wrap he cape around he . bolt through the inferno ... as glass shatter ... and gas pipe erupt . he take the boy to safety . unwrap the cape ... only to see the charree remain of a human body ... the - cry , they continue ... int . bedroom - night the room be dark , of course . a bed - as the squeaking of spring suddenly stop . a woman 's voice say ... voice what 's the matter ? han000 k I need a cigarette . voice you what ? but you have not ... hancock ( lose it ) I need a cigarette , goddamn it ! he storm from the bed . head for the bathroom . voice I do not smoke . what 's wrong with you ? she rise after he and into view - it 's no other than the tv reporter , in the flesh . she bounce over to the bathroom , as the door slam shut . reporter what be you do ? 103 . int . bathroom - night hancock stare into the mirror - a face in the latter stage of deterioration . and in disgust , he swipe everything off the sink . reporter ( o.s. ) what be you do , in there ! I be calli no the police . hancock drop he pants . straight -arm the wall with he leave . and with he right , latch on to he magnanimous member . outside and beyond the door , the reporter have she ear press against wood - listen . so there we superhero stand , bent over a bit , yanking up a storm . his body convulse under say stimulation . he growls ... cue for the reporter to back away . reporter ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... hancock stiffen , in full throttle . full. throttle ... up and into a fevere pitch ... and boom , we hear a he growls ... p baby explosion . the reporter leap back . beat . the bathroom door fly open . hancock emerge , buttone he pants . he brushes pass she . find the window ... and he 's off with a gush of wind . the reporter turn back to look in everywhere , in shamble .. nwke . b no in the ceiling , ï¿½da . 9ape hole - seethe still for S m the l a aunch . reporter ( cont 'd ) shit . ext . watanabe's shopping emporium - night the store bathroom . horus - he reflection in the mirror . he stare at himself . disgust . R he wash he face . 104 . ext . alley - night hancock 's p.o.v. - a blurred , wobbly image of a alley . he -take a swig from a fresh bottle of whiskey . he turn a corner ... a dark figure jump him. , , knock he against the wall ... gun point . it be the hoodlum - from before .. , hoodlum scream and I blow ... ( not you again ! ) oh shit . hancock in a foul mood . he brushes the hoodlum away , send flesh and bone against the opposite wall . SNAP go the landing . the hoodlum . Dead . hancock - realization . he hasten to the body ... limp ... break . hancock no ... do not . no. ( louder ) no ! he move away . angry . tire . drunk . hancock drop against the wall , beat ... int . bedroom - night Aaron 's bedroom . Mary -.on the bed , rock Aaron to sleep as she finish off a familiar melody ... mary ( stroking he hair ) " once there be a way , to get back homeward ... " ext . alley - night hancock listen . mary ( v.o. ) once there be a way , to get back home ... " her voice grip he . torment he ... int . bedroom - night Mary . Aaron . 105 . mary " sleep pretty darling , do no t cry . and I will sing a lullaby ... " ( whispering ) good night , darling . kiss he . aaron thanks , mom . mary sleep tight . she leave . Aaron stop she by the door . aaron Mom . tomorrow always feel bette respect mary ( smile ) really ? aaron probably . ï¿½ / int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night horus - on a chair , he face bury in he two hand . he sit alone , conceal in the darkness . int . kitchen - night in the kitchen - Mary , try to sift through piece of the evening . she find no comfort . she move to the sink l1ok night . the wind be alive . and dark cloud ut at the hancock ( o.s. ) ( deep ; demonic ) Mary . Mary launch back , cold . outside the window and in frontrof she - hancock , suspend in air . the blood -re of he eye p nothing but bad news . and be so , he explode through the glass . Glass rain through trance . n the kitchen , amplify he e 106 . hancock ( cont 'd ) ( maniacal ; drunk ) amway , anyone ? the pursuit commence - hancock steady after Mary , in retreat around the live room . mary ( she 's white ) what be you do ? hancock close in . corner she . hancock it 's the haircut , Mary . ( strike he head ) I be piss ! out of nowhere - Aaron charge the cape psychotic . he trampoline on hancock 's back , try to saddle he . aaron do not you fuck touch she ! Mary scream . hancock cringe , say ... hancock shut you mouth . he swat the kid off he back . aaron do not touch she you bastard ! hancock you be get on my nerve . mary hancock , please . he reach down and untangle Mary from she son - she concede out of fear for Aaron . aaron no! Mom ! mary stay back , Aaron ! hancock take she away - like booty . Aaron dangle from he cape , try to save he mother .. in vain . the superhero spring into the night - with he woman . 101 . aaron ( through heavy sob ) dad ! int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night from the depth of defeat - rise , he attention focus on the bac k horus respond . hee roheim ? roehim lose he key ... the back door creep open . several under stealth . they move through enitr scarpogand he thug . horus take refuge behind the locker , allow they to pass . thug # 1 ( whispering ) stop grab my ass , man . horus slide out the back , into the alley . he cross the street to a phone . jab in 911 . horus Police ? ext . killybegs textile ( roof ) - night this dilapidate structure serve as landing pad for hancock , ease Mary down with he . a swift kick and the oor be no more . he drag she down into the bowel of da roof d rkness . mary what be you do ? hancock what I get to do . CUT to : ext . watanabe's shopping emporium - night the SOUND of distant siren be hear . they arrive binlthe form of three police car - pull up from one of the car - Officer rutger and Officer Adams , in control of the situation . 108 . int . watanabe's shopping emporium - night scarpo and the thug be at the front door - look out at about ... five to ten for armed robbery . they be in hysterics . they observe as horus emerge from the building across , try to assist the authority . scarpo recognize this one security guard . scarpo nutri-cop . thug # 1 he get out . scarpo he 's dead , man . thug # 2 fuck , we be dead ! what , now ? ext . watanabe's department store - night Rutgers and Adams - cop with dirty Harry delusion . they greet horus as one would rodney dangerfield . rutger you do the right thing , longfellow . horus ( cop ) I see four . presumably armed . only other way out be through the back . the cop trade laugh . rutger take a hike , longfella . get back in you hole and watch the law kick some ass . horus , reluctant , return inside he building . Rutgers move to work the speaker - he action preempt by the other cop . cop # 1 we get something big go down . ( listen ) shit , all unit . what the bell 's go on ? 109 . adam ( at the computer ) killybeg textiles . the cap sound like he 's chew the rag . rutger fuck , what do we do with this ? cop # 1 this be a wrap . come on , let roll ! all unit . adam I do not like the smell of this shit . int . watanabe's department store - night scarpo . thug . they watcherheasqua d car move out and away . disbelief would be a adt thug # 1 what the ... scarpo they be take off ... thug # 1 Fucking no way . ext . across the STREET - night horus , watch the red and blue light fade into the night . his complexion be the color of liquid paper . int . watanabe's department store - night the display tv - tune to the showdown at killybeg . thug # 2 ( be : tv ) check this - out , fella . scarpo . thug # 1 , # 3 . they gather around - watch the woman reporter do she thing , at the scene . reporter block off the street . already , order for more substantial fire power have be request by the commissioner 's office as police surround the condemn textile building in a all - out confrontation with hancock , superhero - turn - renegade ... 110 . scarpo fuck , you guy know what this mean ? thug # 2 we be off the hook , man . scarpo the store 's ours . thug # 3 what about that security guy ? scarpo he be not come back ? in unison - they flashlight flick on . ext . STREET - night on horus - as he swallow , back away and down the street . see coward run . see coward hide . he disappear around the corner ... . but something pull he back . he reappear , think , stare at he foot . destiny await he . CUT to : ext . killybegs textile - night police unit flood this once quiet and forget block . s.w.a.t. team ooze from van . cop kneel behind they car , gun cocked . we see Ted Brock - he 's on the radio , hammer out order . he look piss . Rutgers and Adams arrive . they take position next to fellow cop . adam what 's with the cap ? look like someone just fuck he wife , or something . nervous smile from the fella . int . killybegs textile - night in the wide expanse of this top floor - hancock and Mary . he squat before she , calm - unperturb by the activity outside . Mary huddle in she spot , occasionally steal glance outside . hancock simply stare at she . at the curve of she gentle frame . the alcohol 's wear off . int . watanabe's department store - night scarpo . the thug . they sack the emporium , unimpeded . int . back door - night the silhouette figure of horus - it enter the back room , brace the wall for silence . he move into the store . from he vantage , several beam of light slice the darkness they indicate the position of the thug . horus sneak in , head for the second floor . int . sporting good section - second floor - night thug # 3 peruse this department . move across the floor on bent knee - horus , concoct some desperate strategy . he move to the gun counter . slip he hand underneath and withdraw a hide key . lst floor - night int . fip scarpo - stuff he bag with merchandise . he wave thug # 2 over . scarpo take the show upstairs . int . second floor - night the gun counter . horus load a .45 - it 's foreign to he hand . he roll out in search for thug # 3 , who be by the baseball aisle . horus cock the .45 in pursuit . sidle up behind he . thug # 2 ( o. S . ) ( from behind ) behind you ! thug # 3 swing around with a louisville slugger - it swipe the 45 from horus 's hand . horus " I be screw . " thug # 3 promptly knock horus against the bat rack . bat roll , spray the floor . thug # 3 slip hard on he approach , landing heavy on he head . thug # 2 come run , gun raise . fa rusCdive for be a go oose bat , he swing greeting thug # 2 in the the count . horus stand over the two body - as surprised as we be . 112 . int . first floor - night scarpo - in full alert . he 's hear the commotion upstairs . scarpo guy ? ( no answer ) fuck I . he drop he loot . head for the second floor , cock he gun . int . electronics section - third floor - night , thug # 1 , he 's writhe to music under the privacy of headphone - unaware of horus behind he ... thug # 1 whirl around with a gun , catch horus off guard . horus respond with a flash he have acquire from the camera section - the burst of light momentarily blind the thug . and a quick SNAP of the bat take out thug # 1 . horus dispense of the camera , he adrenaline raging . he commandeer the free gun , head downstairs . but the tv stop he ... it display the siege at killybeg textiles . reporter again , we believe that this be a hostage situation . official refuse to comment but we believe hancock have abduct a woman , the identity of whom we do not yet know ... horus - a look of horror on he face . horus Mary . he 's off , slow to a ginger descent at the stair . make he way down to the second floor ... where he be greet by a gun nozzle , press against he temple . scarpo you be start to piss I off . he push horus down the remain step . int . second floor - night horus roll to a halt . scarpo greet he there ... pull he - up by the hair ... , knee he in the gut . be osition . scarpo stand over he 's drop to the floor in a fetal p cock he gun ... he menacingly . scarpo you move ... horus uncoil a accurate kick to scarpo 's groin . scarpo - a dumbfounded look entwine in pain . he drop . horus go for the gun . a struggle ensue , scarpo find horus to the side . strength from god know where . g take dead aim with a tremblin bang ... horus grimace ... scarpo drop . .45 ( knock from roheim step forward from the darkness , the horus , earlier ) smoking in he hand . do I get he ? horus. roheim . they look at scarpo . roheim ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) of he . Holy shit . I think I g roheim notice the unconscious thug on the floor . turn to horus , measure he . horus what be you do here . roheim ed Mary call earlier . she be worri about you . horus Mary ... ext . sheepshead BAY - night with gloom . that cloud that shroud the sky a crackle of lightning echoe through the they begin to surge neighborhood . and the rain begin to pour . 114 . ext . killybegs textiles - night all right , so this block be square off - surround . the local police force and you cousin be here , ready to pounce on cue . Ted " the piss - off police captain " Brock stand by he vehicle , scream out order - a bull horn in he hand . ted let the lady go , hancock . or all hell 's go to break loose . rutger ( to Adams ) do he know anything else ? int . killybegs textile - night hancock . Mary . she 's slump against the wall , exhaust . ted ( o.s. ) ( bull horn ) come on out ! hancock seize he ear the bull horn testing he nerve . he bolt upright , turn to Mary . he seek a special kind of heal . hancock close in - corner she . mary please . but there 's no deny this superman - he grab she , run he hand down she back and between she buttock . mary ( cont ' D ) ( in tear ) no ... hancock please ... a sudden burst of anger seize Mary . she scream ... strike hancock across the face . mary no ! he tear himself away . disgust . torture . 115 . hancock ( a desperate child ) help I . ted ( o.s. ) ( bull horn ) all hell be go to break loose ! hancock recoil from this noise - in veritable pain . clutch he ear . hancock make it go away , Mary . Mary huddle against the wall .. she watch on , watch he struggle . ted ( 0 . S ) you be surround . there 's no way out of this one ... no way out ! hancock on he knee , tear bubbling inside . he shake it off . hancock no ... do what I get to do . he unload a punch . puncture brick . clear through ... C ext . killybegs textile - night the other side . the authority react . they right they gun . Ted Brock - a picture of grim impatience , breathe hard . ted I want he ball in a jar ... Chad . the other . they take a good look at he . ted ( cont ' D ) in a fuck vice ... ( into horn ) this be the end of the line . int . killybegs textile - night hancock - pace the floor , try to marshal some emotional order . he drop to a squat , search for calm . 116 . mary I be cold .. hancock do not respond . mary ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) you be fight a lot , right now . I know that . ( beat ) they be out there wait for you . it 's like ... sometimes .. , you feel like the world 's wait for you . expecting . what 's you next move , they want to know ... ted ( o.s. ) there 's no escape ! mary ( continuing ) and the responsibility . the duty . you can not shrug it off . ( beat ) I know that . and I be sorry . hancock - a commit stare into space . can he hear she ? mary ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) maybe ... if you know that , that I know . and . that I will not expect anything from you . and ... there do not have to be a next move . hancock turn on this . stare at she . he rise from the crouch . Mary - back to wall , on the defensive . he approach . stands before she . he reach back ... and remove he cape . he cover Mary , gently shield she . from the cold . there be no eye contact . ext . killybegs textile - night Ted . out of patience . he signal to a rifleman atop a adjacent building . signal acknowledge . the rifleman load he piece ... in . ted where the fuck be chopper Three ? chad ( concerned ) this be a hostage situation , cap . we have get a woman in there . ted fuck the woman , this be armageddon . I want that bastard in a body bag . Ted wave a " go - when -ready " sign . the rifleman steady he high - power weapon ... fire ... int . killybegs textile - night bullet explode against wall ... brick ... Mary scream , ducking to the floor . hancock react , the chaos throbbing inside he head . and like that something snap . he burst out of the building - eye light with the Hell inside . he land on the wet surface below . roar before the police force - possess . hancock go away ! go. away . the authority - they pause , startle . they open FIRE . cops. s.w.a.t. team . they cousin . bullet zip through the air and with dead accuracy . hundred of shell strike hancock - the target . they ping off he armor of superflesh . he stare at they all , invincible . ext . apartment - night through this downpour hobble horus - pass police car screeching by , en route to killybeg . a police car sit in front of he apartment , light blaring . int . apartment - night horus storm into the room ... in time to greet a police officer , try to pry Aaron from the bathroom sink . aaron let I go you bastard . 118. officer let go , you little asabite . Aaron spot horus in the hallway ... aaron dad ! he break loose - run into he father 's arm , cry . aaron ( cont ' D ) I be sorry dad . I do not know what to do ... officer Mr. longfellow ... aaron . he 's get mom , dad . he come and take she away . what do we do , now ? horus - he have not a clue . on the tv - a graphic depiction of war at killybeg . officer there 's not much you can do . we have get every man out there , already . I suggest you take you son some place safe . let we do we job . horus ( on the tv ) Mary ... aaron I be sorry , dad . I be sorry . officer ( dread it ) I have to go ... they need I . he exit . roheim enter , out of breath . he notice the nasty , gape hole in the kitchen . horus he 's get Mary , roheim . ( blank ; uncertain ) I get to get she . 11 119 . roheim what do you mean , you get to get she ? horus I get to do what I get to do . Aaron stare up at he father - " do he just say that ? " aaron damn right , dad . we get to get she . horus at the screen - oblivious . " what can I do ? " roheim Brain damage run in this family or something ? Aaron sense he father 's state of overwhelmness . aaron dad . you ever hear about the fox and the bloodhound ? ext . killybegs textiles - night a helicopter ( chopper Three ) have since join the picture of chaos . a strobe light cut through the darkness and rain , zeroed in on hancock . a machine gun mount inside open FIRE - a wave of bullet ricochet off the superhero with no effect . cop and s.w.a.t. team continue they assault - it 's the only thing they can do , and it 's worthless . and on that note , hancock retaliate - with a vengeance . first to go be the helicopter . he slice through the air and rip the vehicle in half . a explosion punctuate its demise - send the spin propeller into wild trajectory . it crash into a cluster of cop - head be severe , send fly . ext . STREET - night horus sprint through the downpour , follow the sound of destruction . at the scene , he arrive in time to witness the dismantle of future law enforcement . 120 . ext . killybegs textiles - night hancock swoops down toward a patrol car . scare the cop away . hoist the vehicle over . he head . throw it at a band of cop . he roar ... hancock go away ! ext . STREET - night Aaron and roheim arrive , find they place behind horus . they startle he . horus Jesus , Aaron . I do not want you to be here . roheim ( at the mayhem ) I need a drink . Aaron , stare at the massacre - a head roll pass he . it look pale but well - feed , healthy . it Ted 's . Aaron duck into he father 's chest . ext . killybegs textiles - night in the blink of a eye , the police department be no more . the entire block - a panorama of bedlam , overturn vehicle , and mangle body . satisfied - hancock return inside the building . from the street , we can see horus - fumble through the rubble , head towards the confrontation . he 'pass a mutilate body - belong to Adams . a revolver dangle from he finger . horus reach for the gun and stop . he look around at the vast destruction and realize that no revolver will do . he continue forth . int . killybegs textiles - night Mary be on the floor , wrap in cape . hancock return . he 's pump , derange , and he 's lose that loving feel . 121. mary what have you dome ? hancock I make they go away . horus ( o.s. ) Mary ! Mary respond to she name like a body to sugar . mary ( horror ) horus ! hancock ( hold he head ) the noise ... horus ( o.s. ) Mary ! mary horus ! hancock why ?! mary please , hancock . do not hurt he . ( grab he ) it will never go away . hancock respond to " it . " mary ( cont ' D ) ( continuing ) if you have get anything leave ... inside ... ( hand over heart ) and you do , I know you do ... whatever it be that you feel for I ... inside ... then you will not go out there . he just look at she . mary ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) just let go ... and it will go away . please , just let go . hancock ( despair ) I can not . 122. ext . killybegs textiles - night horn stand there in the rain - a feeble frame of a man . he want a fight . and he get it ... as hancock , once again , emerge from the building - fire in he eye . hancock you ready to rock it up ? horus run - he run for a overturn s.w.a.t. van . hancock follow , toy with the man . horus disappear inside . hancock ( cont ' D ) come out , you little shit . a pause in action - no reply from horus . hancock ( cont 'd ) be you a man ?! horus answer ... he storm out with a rocket launcher . he fire it at the unsuspecting hancock . it 's a hit and it blows hancock against killybeg textile . it lodge he inside the brick structure . horus fuck you . hancock pries himself loose - enraged beyond imaginable . he growls - look to retaliate . but there 's no horus . hancock explore the rubble - by the building . a sudden explosion rip the base of a nearby wall - it jar the wall loose , send it crash down.. , on hancock . crunch , the concrete rip right pass hancock - stun but do not subdue he . he shake off the dirt . find horus down the street . like a rocket , hancock head that way . he get there , over horus - grab he by the collar . with a swift flick , he send the family man fly . thud as he body careen off the killybeg wall . he drop to the asphalt below . horus - in pain , something break possibly . 123 . he get up . tries to walk . can not . hancock - on the app roach , maintain a cruel but steady pace towards he wounded game . horn try to crawl . can not . too much pain . he pedal back against the curb , nowhere leave to go . hancock arrive , look afully steam . he stand over horus - not unlike scarpo much the situation present itself - he react . a kick into hancock 's groin muscle - chink , sliikeyt a soundwofshrugs . bone off metal . absolutely harmless . horus else can he do ? hancock tear a yield street sign it back ready to strikeï¿½ es this piece of jag metal . ( cont ' D ) ( defiant ) no regret . hancock ( cool ) no mercy . he take aim ... aaron ( o.s. ) no ! Mary scream in the background ... horns. hancock . they turn to witness the de-physicalization of killybeg textile . they begin to crumble , weaken by the wear brick ... beam ... and tear of recent artillery . Mary brace herself as the floor beneath begin to give . it slip ... she scream ... and collapse , take the rest of the building with it . a crash , follow by a cloud of billow smoke . Mary be no more . horus mary ! aaron. roheim . in disbelief . 124 . aaron ( blankly ) Mom ... horus , he struggle to he foot . pushes past hancock , limping over to the building that once be . horus mary ! hancock - not a word . he stand in comatose silence , look pale . horus charge the building in possess hysterics , try to excavate he wife - one brick at a time . roheim meet he there , in a effort to console . roheim ( o.s. ) ( you be waste you time ) come on , horus . horus - lose in the pain . he will not listen . slowly and with a sense of duty , roheim join the excavation . he be oll up he sleeve and get to work . hancock drop the yield , sign . turn to the battlefield in he midst ... survey the carnage ... a load beat . hancock roar - a cry of desperation . he grimace with defeat . stagger off . scream , because what else can he do . Falls to he knee ... by a fall police gun . he pick it up ... point it at he head ... fire the remain round against he temple . bullet carom off skull . hancock discard the gun . break into tear . Long sobbing wet tear . he cry . he weep . into he cup hand . indeed , a surreal sight . horus. roheim . engage to the task , brick by brick . horus work he way down ... to a lifeless arm , protrude from its tomb . he stop . 126 . int . apartment - night Aaron - in he pajamas , creep down a dark hallway . he approach a door . narrator ( v.0 . ) sometimes when it 's dark out , so dark it 's black , I will see he . Aaron peer through the open door . his eye wander inside ever so gently . on the bed there - he ... horn . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( continuing ) and it start allover again . and Mary . they be in some latter state of coital bliss . horus thrust . Mary gasp ... narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) some thing ... you just never forget . fade out : the end