< i>hannibal </i> screenplay by David mamet from the novel by Thomas Harris September 8 , 1999 int midwive office day . fairly rundown office . old and dirty health notice tacked to a bulletin board . " common sense for nursing mother , " ET cetera . a lower-class woman , pregnant , with a SMALL child in tow , open the door , and enter . she be swelter , and mop her brow as she walk to the registration desk . mother it 's hotter inside than it be outside ... with the air conditioning . registrar would you sign in here , please ..? you know , we be close in half a ... mother I just come to drop off my payment .... she drop a envelpe on the desk . as she leave we see the door OPEN , and the dreary suburban sprawl parking lot behind . camera pan her past clarice starling , who be sitting , very hot and pregnant , on a bench . the mother exit , and evelda drumgo , a very beautiful african american woman , holding a newborn , enter . she look around , goe to the registrar , and sign in . registrar ... that will just be a minute . drumgo sit , she and starling exchange a look . beat . starling s'hotter inside than it be outside ... even with the air conditioning . ( she look at her watch , then up at the wallclock . ) drumgo you nervous ...? starling evone tell I : I shoulda be in , fi , six , month ago .... thizz my first checkup . drumgo gonna be fine . you ask you momma . starling mutter . drumgo ( cont would ) ... what ...? starling .... I do not realize I say it out loud . drumgo Said what ? starling I be a orphan . drumgo well , then , you be a lucky girl , cause that baby 's go to be you family . ( to the receptionist ) ... I have get a appointment .... the receptionist be gone , drumgo goe to peer over the reception desk . angle on starling starling that be a lovely thing to say . drumgo waal ... starling it get , um ... it get so lonely sometime . drumgo ( sit . comfort the child ) what would you say , hon ...? starling I say sometime it get so ... drumgo well , do not you worry , cause that baby 's go take care of that . she brush back the hair from the side of her face . angle INS . on a barrette in her hair . which we see bear a SMALL microphone . angle on starling , as she hitch herself up in her seat , as if to find a comfortable position . angle insert . on the back of her dress . where we see the print of a square BOX , as starling's hand manipulate a SMALL knot through the dress . next to it we see the print of a pistol under the dress . angle on starling and drumgo . starling , as she fiddle with the barrette once again . starling ( cont would ) I wonder if you could just , sit down , talk with I a moment ... angle xcu on starling , holding the barrette , as she speak to drumgo . starling ( cont would ) Cause , you know , I be sit here all alone . do you know what I mean ? ( pause ) Cause I feel it 's get late for I ... do you know ...? that I have wait too Long ... angle on drumgo , as she stand in the empty reception area , and look at it and then back to starling . drumgo ( pause ) wait too long , hon ...? ( pause ) ( she look at starling ) starling how 's you child ? starling stand , and move to look out of the window . angle xcu on drumgo , as she look at starling . angle , her Pov the dress , stuck by sweat , to starling be back , reveal the pistol and transmitter . angle on starling , as she sit down again . drumgo ... what ? starling I say how 's you baby ...? drumgo you want to hold he ...? starling waal ... drumgo ' bout time you learn ... she hand the baby to starling . she goe into the child diaperbag and take out a pistol , and level it at starling , as she move to look out the window . drumgo ( cont would ) ... where 's you friend ...? she move to starling , and frisk her , and remove her pistol , and the transmitter from the belt at her back ... drumgo ( cont would ) ... you be here all by yourself , honey .... starling give it up , evelda . drumgo well , you know my name , honey , but < i>i < / i> do not know yours ... starling give it up . drumgo hey , you know , I never think of that ... she start getting into the nurse garb . drumgo ( cont would ) ai not this a picture , though , cause you know you be not the first girl , ever get lef , in a position , wait at the doctor 's . you can not trust man , child , do not you know that .... old as you be ...? she walk back toward starling , scoops up her child , peek out the window , and start for the door . drumgo ( cont would ) Cause , see , they will always let you down . terrible thing , to do to a orphan ... she leans back toward starling , grab her hair , and pull her back and kiss her on the lip , and retire and exit . angle on starling , as she look out of the window . at a car , which be in the far end of the parking lot , it accelerate , and screech up to the door , and evelda , carrying her child , get in to the still moving car , which start to take off . angle ext the midwive CENTER . starling , crouching at the door , retrieve a backup weapon from her ankle holster . she emerge from the doorway . angle in the parking lot , drumgo and child , getting hauled into the car . a figure in the backseat of the car , shoot over the roof , apache style , fire at starling , as the car peal out of the parkinglot . starling take cover . beat . starling , alone , walk into the now empty parkinglot . she sit on a low concrete divider . hold . a van pull in . followed by another car , and ten swat clad cop pile out , and approach starling . starling slowly look up . starling .... where be you ...? ( she look at her watch . ) swat officer ( as several other officer move into the midwive CENTER . ) ...we , we do not hear the go-ahead . starling ( as she hand he the SMALL radio transmitter ) yeah , well , you do not get it cause you radio go dead . the backup plan be , 17.45 , you guy be the cavalry ... she get up and walk away from the doorstep , to a sedan , which be pulling up . as she goe , she take off the fake belly she have be wearing . another swat agent take the radio and look at it . second swat officer ... what would you do , sweat it out , short out the lead ...? get a little hot in there .....? she fling the fake stomach at he . second swat officer ( cont would ) ... what happen to right to life ...? ( he laugh ) starling round on he , hit he several time , and throws he to the ground . starling what happen to right to life ? what happen to right to my life ...? I be in there , carry the mail for all you drugstore cowboy , si'in in a van playin with each other 's velcro ... ( the officer start to get up ) you wanna get up , you wanna get up ? here I be ... two FBI type get out of the newly arrive sedan . FBI type what happen to the girl ...? starling ( as she get into the sedan ) get I out of here ... int conference room FBI headquarters day . starling be now dressed in a t-shirt and jeans . she have cleaned herself up . krendler , a clean -cut student council type around forty be holding forth . around the conference table be the fatherly jack crawford , and various other politicos . krendler gesture at the table , which hold the burnt out receiver , the fake " pregnant " stomach worn by starling , and a photo , he hold the photo . we see it be drumgo , a surveillance photo . krendler and you let she get away . starling Sir , with all due respect .... crawford just a moment . starl do not ... krendler well , well , well , well , well , she go in there , to apprehend a dangerous felon . go in there with she gun , come out , without the felon , without the gun ... starling start to speak , and crawford still her . crawford I have ... one moment , I have a agent in there , wait for backup from ... krendler ... she could not act on she own ..? where be the FBI 's vaunted initiative , where ..? starling Sir : crawford shut up , starl ... starling I could have act on my own . I be tell ... crawford starl , I have order you to shut ... starling .. I be instruct that this be a Joint Task Force , the FBI , batf , and the Mayor 's special ... krendler you find something objectionable to work in partnership with .... starling Sir , I be in Law enforcement , I be out there , deal with a armed and dangerous ... krendler you be give backup .... starling then where be it ? I be send out there ... I be tell that the arrest must be a joint ... krendler I be say : ... and what 's wrong with that . starling and I be tell you : you wanna throw a birthday Party : every kid get a chance to play , that 's fine , but ... krendler no , I do not get you ... starling due respect , you do not , sir , you precious Joint operation . FBI , atf , DC swat , it 's alphabet soup , we do not have the same Radio freq , we do not ... krendler oh , be this you political position , you be oppose to Joint ... starling I be oppose to be part , you rainbow Coalition . evelda drumgo ? I could of take she down in a snap of the finger -- but -- I be out there , and my rule of engagement ... mayor' rep the rainbow Coalition , what be that , excuse I ... krendler and what be you , we token woman ? starling I do not mind be the token woman , what I be suggest , send I out there with a token man ... who be this Warrior , ¥our cobble together Strike Force ? I be in the room with a fugitive felon ... crawford starl ...? starling one moment , and they're at the seven- eleven . they botch the fallback plan , they ... krendler and , fine , alright , and fine ... what be youdoing , this whole time ? starling Sir , I be , as instruct , wait for the arrival of the Strike Force . { pause ) crawford I think that 's ... { he start to rise , and the meeting begins to break up ) starl , I be sure this gentleman ... krendler and how do she get close enough to disarm you ? angle tight on starling , as she begins to exit , muttering . starling ... spend some time on the street . ask I then ... krendler thank you , that 's not responsive . how do we miss drumgo get ... angle ext the conference room . a corridor at FBI hq . various memorabilia in glass case , glass case holding firearm . starling and crawford exit . as they do , a group of twenty men and women wearing nametags walk by , escorted by a guide . one good - looking mediterranean type ( pazzi ) tries to look at starling as the group goe past . angle cu on pazzi . we see he , and read the nametag . ( c. pazzi . INTERNATIONAL police academy . italy ) . guide ( vo ) .... a compendium of the Bureau 's most celebrate case . which you have in you course Study guide . now ; this afternoon ... angle , on the group as they OPEN there blue course study guide . starling and crawford turn a corner . pazzi looking after they , he then , reluctantly , turn away , back to the group he be part of . angle on starling and crawford , as they draw away from the conference room group . crawford ( sotto ) ...how would you let she get that close to you ...? in the b.g. we see a aide come up to krendler , and hand he a file . starling wave off crawford question . crawford ( cont ' d ) ...how would she get next to you ? starling ( as if tearing off the bandaid ) ... she give I she baby . krendler , and the aid walk toward crawford . the aide whisper something to krendler . krendler ( to crawford ) she throw a punch at a man on the team . crawford well , you know , that happen , on the street . krendler what be that suppose to mean ...? crawford I think its meaning be clear . krendler what , you be say she be overwrought . crawford that could be . krendler because that 's understandable , because . she blow the raid . crawford she be there , alone , sir , she be in a burn building , wait for you folk to come through the wall . and ... starling start away , in disgust . krendler one moment , I be not do with you ... ( to crawford , as krendler motion he aide to hand he a file ) give he the file ... aide I think it be go to go down the line , to .... krendler no , no , no , I want the girl to do it ... they go into a huddle , and starling move away , waiting . she look around , and she and we discover she be stand in front of the " lechteriana " section of the FBI display . the guide be addressing the visiting foreign cop . guide of the apprehension of hannibal lechter . here we have a wanted poster ... as the guide speak we CUT between starling , hoping to hear her fate , and the men talking about her . guide ( cont would ) ( vo ) offered by a unname source , Three million dollar for information lead to the apprehension of hannibal lechter . it be , of course , a bounty poster , the only one of its kind , it be never distribute , the contact number be disconnect , and the trail of the person offer the reward be cover so skillfully , that ... pazzi ( vo ) ( in a culture attractive italian accent ) ... would you be so kind ...? starling turn to pazzi , holding a camera . she hesitate , then realize he want her to take he photo in front of the poster . starling yeah , sure . pazzi move in front of the poster . we see the reflection in the glass fronting the poster , and starling move to eliminate it . guide ( vo ) .... of the hannibal lechter case . lechter be , as you know , still at large . here we see the implement use in he escape from prison . if you will turn to you course syllabus , page .... angle on starling , and the guide , beyond her , as the student again take up there blue book , and turn to the page indicate by the guide . pazzi come back to starling . she hand he the camera . pazzi .... a lovely perfume ... starling glad you like it . guide ( he take US to a display of a photograph of lechter' hand , which show six finger , and a X - ray , which , similarly show six finger . ) ....of Dr. lechter 's leave hand . his leave hand , which have a sixth , vestigial , fully form sixth finger . you would think that a man with a mark so easily identifiable , would ... the guide spot starling . guide ( cont would ) ...and , speak of the lechter case . the guide move , as if to include starling in the tour . angle on starling who give the guide the wave off . starling retreat as the guide change gear . guide ( cont would ) and , speak of the lechter case , I would like to complete we tour of the gallery with three other instance of criminal still at large . to complete we tour , and .... ( he check he note ) oh , and to complete you course of .. Study , by ... we see the group of krendler , crawford , ET all , break up , and begin to move toward starling . she approach they , to hear there news . krendler ( to crawford ) you girl 's a menace . here , givver this ... getter off the street and teach she some humility . ( of the file ) crawford ( looking at the file ) I do not think so ... krendler well , then , you have insufficient information . I be grateful for this opportunity to set you straight . he leave crawford looking at the file , and walk off , toward starling , who look he in the eye , as he pass . hold . krendler ( cont would ) ( to starling , in passing ) yeah , get on to you sea-daddy , starl . Old as you be ... be not you ashamed , still lookin ' for you pappy ...? starling walk up to crawford , who be looking at the file . crawford ... what have he get against you ? starling why would you say that ? because he send I in there to be kill ...? ( of file ) what be this ...? crawford ... what 's he get against you ? starling ( as she take the file ) ( absently ) he once make I a improper suggestion . int gymnasium day JOHN brigham , a buff and rough and tough marine type , be lecture to a group of recruit . brigham Big man , little man ... Fair fight , the good Big man 's gonna win . but we do not mean to send you out there to fight fair ... brigham look up . angle he Pov . a door in the back of a SMALL raised bleacher section open , and starling come in , holding the file , she look down toward brigham . angle on brigham , as he nods at starling , and then return to address he group of student . brigham ( cont would ) and , in a gunfight , what just happen to the Big man ? he 's at a disadvantage . inney ? he move to the group of student , and approach a rather large young man . brigham ( cont would ) stand up . ( the man doe so , and take he place on the mat , in front of brigham ) Big man , now , he 's just a bigger target . let 's turn it around . pull you sidearm . ( the young recruit take out a bright yellow , obviously rubber pistol from he holster ) angle on starling , as she peruse the file . she shake her head in disgust . she look down at brigham and mouth , " I need to see you ... " angle , on brigham , on the mat , addressing the pupil , he nods back , at starling , and touch he watch , and mime , " later , for drink . " brigham ( cont would ) ( to the student ) now , a arrest ? you aim to shoot I , or you just play show and tell . you do not want to shoot I , you just deprive yourself of one of you hand . you fool , I get two hand , you get one . so : what 's the gun good for ? Force ? no . it 's good for control . you can control through force , but you can also control through .... angle , on starling , as she exit , through the back of the gym . angle . hold on brigham , addressing the student , who look over he shoulder toward the direction of brigham's gaze . brigham ( cont would ) misdirection .... ( he move to the student and throws he to the ground ) misdirection , my friend . you be point a gun at I , look in the oth 'direction , who the hell do you think you be ...? angle , on starling , back in the corridor , as she open the file , and look at it again , and shake her head . int psychiatrist's office day . starling be talking to a middle aged woman . woman ( psychiatrist ) .. that you go into police work to control you rage .... starling start to laugh . starling well , that would be a poor choice , would not it ... psychiatrist tell I why ...? starling ( shake her head , still laughing ) I be sorry , I do not mean to be impolite . because , you know , you can not understand . psychiatrist then tell I . starling well , you know , you know , you know , the point be : I can not tell you . Cause you have not be there . you have not do it . and that 's all there be . psychiatrist ( pause . she check her note ) ... and to have do it , mean , can mean to accept , not only danger , but betrayal ...? starling .... that 's right . psychiatrist .. and humiliation ? what be this new job they have ...? starling no . that 's right . that 's all part of it . psychiatrist then , that be so , why be today special ? why have you come back to see I ? be it that new file they give you ? starling I do not think so . psychiatrist then what bring you back ? starling I do not know . do you know ...? psychiatrist yes . I think I do . ( pause . starling look at her , as if to say , then , please , reveal it ) I think it be a phrase you use with that woman . you tell she you be a orphan . ( starling start shaking her head ) you use , to you mind , you most private fear . starling ...no ... psychiatrist ... you call up memory of you father to ... starling ...no ... psychiatrist ... barter with she . to appeal to she , and you feel that ... starling no , I do not think so ... psychiatrist it be you who have betrayed ... starling ...no . psychiatrist you father . it be not they , who ... starling well , no ... ( she look at her watch ) that 's ... I appreciate you help , but ... ( she rise ) int copbar night . starling be drinking with ardelia mapp , a contemporary , and ardelia' boyfriend , jim . there be various empty bottle in front of they . starling be looking down at the file we saw earlier , and scowling . mapp and jim look on . a waitress come by . mapp you want another drink , honey ...? starling I want the same drink . Cause it do I good ... but I already drunk it , so , barring that , yes , I would like another . the waitress exit . starling ( cont would ) b'cause it 's one of the few thing , in the world , which be effective an'predictable . mapp what 's that , baby ? starling alcohol . where both its life - enhance and its life destroy quality ... ( SOUND of cheering , they look to the side ) ... not unlike some hindu God ... mapp pick up the file , and look at it . mapp I guess the only thing be suck it up ... starling well. excellent ... I be ... there be a SOUND of renewed cheering , and head turn . angle there Pov . a table of the " INTERNATIONAL police school " student , drinking , and wearing " gimme cap , " which be passed out by a arriving JOHN brigham . angle . brigham , be congratulated and thanked by the various foreign cop . brigham pass out cap which be blazoned " FBI academy , quantico , virginia . " we see brigham notice starling , ET al , and excuse himself . one of the foreign cop call after he . foreign cop semper fi. brigham ... truer word be never speak ... camera take he to the starling table , where starling , drunk , be looking through the file . starling we mister frendler to , to , to humiliate I , though .... mapp what else 's he goin to do with he day , he can not work , and he will not steal ... brigham sit , and kiss starling . starling oh baby , oh baby .... brigham bad beat today . starling hey , I be fine . whaddizit , you , how 's you day , we gallant International neighbor ...? mapp look what they put she on ... she take the file from starling and hand it to brigham . starling no , that be code - word material , that 's what that be .... angle on brigham as he pick up the file . it contain a catalogue from a auction house , and we read : from a collector : drawing and sketch by hannibal lechter : these never -before offered item be originally in the high - security cell of the Mass killer ... ( etc . ) and , below , we see various architectural sketch . angle on starling , brigham , and so forth . mapp they get she clean out the privvy . brigham ( of the auction catalogue ) what do this mean ? mapp slap she wrist , they get she , chase down the auction house , drawing of mr.lechter , come up for sale . brigham why 's she chase them down ...? mapp find out : be he sell them , he need the money , o'r 'izzey buy they , f' Old Times sake ... brigham that 's weak . the man 's long go , he 's not come back , buy up a draw ... starling no , but that be the will of the institution . to instill a proper probity , humility , deference , in the prideful individual ..... could I , doe anyone think , have another Beer ...? jim this jackal krendler , trine a shame she , cause they botch the raid . brigham evelda drumgo . starling could I get a drink , ( to brigham ) n'i do not care , you see , what all they get I doin , for I would rather be doin ' makework , than be doin ' pub 'l ' relation with the dirty dozen , one Hispanic , one librarian , one Jew , and one from column a , and one from column ... ( a drink be set before her , she reach for it . she look up . ) thank you . pazzi be bring her a Beer . pazzi a honor . Carlo pazzi .... starling no , y'know , I never doubted it ... pazzi you be kind enough , today , to take my photograph . starling well , that 's you see , what I be , kind and feel . mapp you should get married . starling that 's what I should do . tell I why ? mapp because , baby , you be look to find love in a institution , that 's you only chance .... starling yeah , but who would marry friendless I ... ( to pazzi ) howabout you , Romeo ...? pazzi ( show he wedding ring ) ... sadly ... starling hey , lose again . pazzi but perhaps , there be some , some less radical solution . starling I be sure there be , but my young friend here , would kill you . ( she gesture at brigham ) pazzi his feeling do he honor . and I have come , simply , to pay my respects to the great clarice starl ... ( he bend over to kiss her hand . ) starling the great and beautiful ... pazzi be it necessary to say of the sea that it be salt , that the star be far , that ... starling no , I get it , this be my cavalier . this gent my italian knight . take this ... ( she remove a scarf from her neck and hand it to he ) for this shall be my gage , and you can take it into battle . pazzi thank you . starling or clear you windshield with it . pazzi ( smell the neckerchief ) ... what a lovely perfume . starling waal , you con only get it in one shop in Alexandria Virginia , n'that 's where I be go , cause I be goin home , f'i can get and y'one , of that nature , to take she there ... brigham c'mon , pal . starling all y'got to do be ask ... ( she reach for her purse , and knock the file off of the table ) angle INS . it fall to the floor , we see various auction catalogue , and a X - ray of a human hand . pazzi stoop and gather the file up . brigham take the file , and starling take it from he . angle in . we see a drawing of what appear to be a statuary . a lion be head , the lion holding a bird in its mouth . angle on starling as she hold the drawing . starling ... this one be my favorite . it have not title . they should call it " fetch , " whaddaya think ...? pazzi I know it well . starling do you . what do that mean ? pazzi it be a gravestone in the cemetery of ______ in my native Florence . mapp look at the picture in the catalogue . mapp yeah , we get all sort of " funeray Sculpture , " here , I guess they mean statue in graveyard . Brazil , the tomb of Karl marx , London , here 's one in scandinavia ... pazzi Florence , as you may not know , be fame for ... starling yeah , I be sure it 's fame for lotsa thing , and you be one 'a'them ... pazzi ... but : this particular statue ... starling downs a Beer , as brigham bear her away . starling waal , you hold fast to that think , as I be sure , that 's a " clue " ... pazzi .... this be perhaps a inappropriate time ... but , I would like to say , it be a honor to meet the woman who solve the celebrate hannibal lechter ... starling I di not solve it , I do not ' solve it ' . I just sit a dance out with he . fact , fact , fact . fact , close the case , cavalier . pazzi ... a case , so , so fascinating , so ... starling surreptitiously signal brigham that he may remove pazzi . brigham it be all of that , son ... pazzi .. what make a man ... what make he ... eat human flesh ...? starling yeah , well , they solve that : turn out , he 'uz a cannibal ... mapp show be the FBI handshake ... starling I be no go to show you the secret handshake ! ( she start to stand ) brigham ( as he lead pazzi off ) c'mon , pal , I be go to buy you a drink ... he walk pazzi off , stuffing some money in pazii' jacket pocket . he leave pazzi among he foreign cohort . angle on mapp , starling , and jim , at there table . mapp yeah , well , it 's a raw wound , innit , you be gonna bump it , every time you turn around ... but you know what the trick be ...? starling ... not to turn around . brigham return , and start to lead starling , through the knot of drunken cop . in the bg we see pazzi , at he table , pointing out starling , they turn to look at her , we see one of the foreign cop , lean over to ask more information of pazzi , and , then , turn back , to do a doubletake at the retreating starling . angle on brigham , helping starling . brigham you want to get marry ...? starling you tol I you wuunt ask I again till I be ready .... brigham you be ready now . starling I be not . brigham that 's what you think ... ext starling's apartment build night . brigham and starling walking up , starling swaying a little , he hold out he hand for the key , and she give it to he . starling ... mo kind ... we hear a car coming up the STREET behind they . brigham open the door . there be a flash of light from inside the house . as starling be about to enter . she push brigham off to the side of the door , and unholster her pistol . beat . starling look at brigham who look uncomprehending . another car be heard coming up the road , and we see its headlight shine on and reflect from a mirror inside starling's door . brigham lead starling into the house . he close the door , and take her to the sofa . she sit , and pick up a photograph in a easelframe from the coffeetable . starling ( cont would ) hey , now , what be I afraid of ... I be shoot at shadow ... brigham be that what you be afraid of ...? angle INS on the photograph , show a tall handsome man in western hat , wearing a badge , he hand on the shoulder of a young blonde girl . angle on starling , as she put the photo down . starling then you tell I , then . brigham you want I to solve all you problem tonight ...? starling I feel ... ( she start to laugh ) I feel they be out to get I ... brigham and who be " they ? " starling ... they be send I . out to get shot. hound I .... they be ... ( pause ) brigham ... the whole world 's out to get you ... starling how crazy be that . brigham well , you wanna shoot back , it give you a big target ... starling ( sleepily ) how crazy be that .... angle , INS . on the lechter file , and the photo of hannibal lechter . we see brigham put it down on the table next to the photo . hold , light go off . beat . starling's hand come into the frame , sweep the lechter photo and file onto the floor , and replace it with the photo of the western garbed man and the little blonde girl . beat . the light goe on again . we see starling swing to a sitting position on the couch . she sigh . she shake her head to clear it , and she pull the hannibal file to her . she pick up a pencil , and a pair of reading glass from the table , and begins making note on the file . angle INS . the auction catalogue , a FBI file , reading , " sale of stolen hannibal lechter material . " ext virginia highway day . starling's FBI sedan speed past , on a empty country road . the car pull over onto the shoulder . angle int the car . starling , taking out a map . she look at the map . look around . she throws the car into reverse , and reverse several hundre yard quickly . angle int the car . starling look from the map across the road . angle her Pov . a barely discernible break in the foliage , beat , then starling ' S car pull across the road , and into the Pov and enter the break . angle ext the car . emerging from a thick wood , the car be hinged by the camera onto the park of a country estate , the car disappear into a SMALL dip in the landscape . angle ext the car , at a gatehouse , previously hidden by the contour of the land . we see a SMALL decrepit gatehouse in stone , and , beyond it , a flimsy and ancient barricade , a old gamekeeper type in tweed come out of the guardhouse . he be carrying a mug of coffee and have a napkin tucked into he collar . he remove the napkin and approach the car . starling flash her credentials to the old man , who hold a clipboard . starling special agent clarice starl , to see mason verger . the man amble back into the gatehouse . angle int the gatehouse , the old man enter , and camera pull back to show , in a room off the MAIN room , the fit bodyguard type , watching starling on a tv monitor . there be a raft of electronic equipment in the room , and a rack with several assault rifle on it . one of the guard be typing onto a computer terminal . he look at the result , and glance up at starling , on the screen , and nods " okay " to the old man . the old man amble out to the barrier , having picked up a old clipboard at which he squint . then , satisfied , he raise the barrier , and starling's car goe through . ext a magnificent country estate house . a potatochip van be parked to one side in the wide drive . a old retainer hold OPEN the door for starling , as she exit from her sedan , and he show her into a large OPEN morning room , in which we find twenty young child of various race , romping on a selection of new toy . camera take starling through a modern kitchen , where several white uniformed cook be working happily , one be open a vast tin of potatochip . one of they be removing a tray of cookies from the oven , several tyke wait happily nearby . the cook with the tray of cookies give starling a wide grin . the retainer take starling past the kitchen , to a double door , which he open to reveal a corridor beyond , and a large fit man in he thirtie , wearing a orderly white , coming toward the camera . cordell agent starl , would you come with I ...? cordell bow to the old retainer , who retire . cordell and starling walk down the corridor . starling the child ...? cordell ... they be from Baltimore .... starling I have never hear that he ... cordell it 's not something he want to publicize , ma'am . it 's just something he do . beat . starling I will not take much of he time . cordell he 's glad to help . ... it 's just a question of he physical condition . you understand ... camera take starling down a corridor line with huntingprint . at the end of the corridor a old woman sit in a wooden chair , knitting . they have stop . waiting for the woman to look up . starling be gaze be drawn by a old , crewel - work " sampler " framed on the wall by the old woman' chair . and obvious antique . it read : " do not give into adversity . do not trust to prosperity . " angle on cordell and starling , as starling look at the sampler , and the old woman look up from her knitting . she sit in front of a half - opened door , which we see be the door to a linen closet . cordell ( cont would ) ...y ' get enough breakfast , rosie ...? beat . xcu on the old woman , as she look at starling , and then nods to cordell , as if to say , " that be the correct code . " angle INS . her hand drop to the back of the wooden chair , and presses a button concealed in the leg . angle the group in the corridor , the " linen closet , " open , to reveal , beyond it , what appear to be a surgical facility , or high - tech hospital room . int the hightech room . there be a nurse , sitting at a station , monitoring various lifesign display . she look up briefly , as cordell and starling enter . nurse ( to cordell ) five minute ... cordell nods , and take starling deeper into the room . we begin to hear the susurrus of a mechanical breathing apparatus . camera goe with starling into the room , where we see a hospital bed , with a screen in front of it , and various television display above it , angle to be see from the bed . starling approach the bed , and look down at the figure in it . we see her face , but the figure be screened . the figure , verger , speak breath by breath , with a obvious electronic enhancement . verger be not they beautiful , miss starl ... starling look up at the child playing . angle her Pov . one of the child fall off a SMALL plastic slide , and cry , a nurse run to he . verger ( cont would ) well , now , you see , one of they 's hurt . and what will make it better ? Love . be not that odd . ( pause ) he think 's he 's hurt he knee -- but the assurance , the assurance , the assurance that someone care ( wheeze wheeze ) suggest the hurt be elsewhere . starling Mr. verger , thank you for you time . verger for the worst hurt , of course , that which will not heal , be the conviction no one care . starling I have come to see you , sir , about a auction ... she hold up the catalogue to he . angle INS " drawing and memorabilia relating to the serial killer , hannibal lechter . " angle on cordell , as he come close , donning surgical glove , and take the catalogue , and hold it toward verger . verger ah , yes , ah yes . we Doctor lechter ... and have they send you , once again to capture he ? how terrible for you ... starling no , sir , it 's not my job to capt ... why do you say how terrible ? verger because we must leave the past in the past . ( wheeze wheeze ) ( cordell turn a page ) ah . and here we have artifact of , yes , my own encounter with he ... cordell turn the page quickly . verger ( cont would ) no , no . that 's alright . yes . lechter 's drawing of I . before ... and , of course , after ... now : you be not send to pursue he . then you visit baffle I . starling Sir , various drawing , do by Dr. lechter , while in prison , steal from the prison after he escape , have surface and be be sell at auction . several large reserve bid have be place on they . I have to ask if you have place that bid . verger because ? starling because if it be not you , then , perhaps it be Dr. lechter , try to reclaim he own property . verger and why would you suspect I , of this ghoulishness ? starling because , sir , you be the only one of he victim who live . and because you have large resource . verger large resource , starl , which I prefer to devote elsewhere .... starling look up , as we see the image on the television change to the child eating the cookies , and the image change again to show a SMALL dispensary , and the knee of the child who fell be bandaided by a nurse . starling due respect , sir ... she produce a copy of the wanted : hannibal lechter poster we saw at the FBI . starling ( cont would ) due respect , after you , after you ... verger my encounter . starling someone offer three million dollar bounty on Dr. lechter 's head . ( pause ) cordell the identity of the person offer the bounty be never establish . verger yes , but we know who it be , and I will tell you , agent starl , what you know to be true . I offer the bounty . it be illegal , and , worse , it be wrong . and I thank God every day that I do not compound my sinful life by the stain of a murder . do you ( wheeze ) agent starl : do you know God ? ( pause ) starling ...sir ...? verger be not it funny ? you can look on my face ( wheeze wheeze ) which you would grant I , be the most hideous sight you will see in what I hope be a long life . you can look at I . which show ( wheeze ) a strength which must come from strong ( wheeze ) strong conviction . ( wheeze ) but you shy when I say the name of God . the nurse come up , holding the tape of a lifesign machine , she nods to cordell and indicate the monitor . nurse ( to starling ) ... I be sorry .. ( meaning , you must go . ) starling yes , then , you be say that you have not bid upon this drawing . verger I have not , I would not . for life ( wheeze ) life go on starl . and , wait , wait , I wish to talk to you ... I be ... ( wheeze ) ( to the nurse , who be taking starling be arm ) one moment . I be afflict , do you see , but my affliction be not in my meeting with you Dr. lechter . I be afflict before . before . do you see ? in my arrogance . do not ( wheeze ) do not curse God when you be humiliate . listen to I : embrace it , and you embrace life .... listen , and you hear the word of God ... starling be LED away by the concerned nurse . cordell linger behind , at a unseen behest of verger . the nurse start preparing a hypo at her station . starling ... will he be alright ...? the nurse , distracted , nods , and retreat toward verger with the hypo . cordell come out to starling . int corridor , country house , day . starling and cordell be walking , beyond they , we see various child playing under adult supervision . a caretaker type be holding a SMALL goat , which the child be playing with . cordell open the glass door , and he walk starling through the scene of the child and the goat . cordell Mr. verger want I to give you this ... ( he hand her a SMALL printed card ) angle on starling , as she glance at the card . angle INS the card read : " do not give into adversity ... " she glance at it , and , dismissively , put it in a pocket . cordell ( cont would ) and he have ask I to ask you something . starling what would that be ? cordell ( pause ) he ... would consider it a favor if he could make a donation . to a charitable institution of you choice . ( pause ) starling now , why in the world would he do that ? cordell I ... think ... he be .... he be touch , by you reaction . to he appearance . starling what reaction ? cordell exactly . starling ( as she hand he a card ) please , I do not ... I do not want to trouble he . but if you or he have any notlon , who would be buy Dr. lechter 's ... cordell do you know the seller ? starling we have subpoena the auction House 's record . cordell try barney Clark . starling ( taking out a notebook ) he be ...? cordell he be the orderly , during Dr. lechter 's stay in prison . starling and how would you know that ? cordell before " the Change , " Mr. verger be ... he make quite a study . ( pause . starling make a note . she look around . ) starling you should get the kid a dog ... cordell .... I hardly think so ... after " the incident " ... starling no , no , of course not . she start to get into her car . cordell ... Mr. verger would be pleased to make a contribution , to the charitable ... starling tell he to give it to a orphanage . starling close the car door . hold . on starling , watching the child for a moment . then she take the card from her pocket and glance at it . it read : " do not give into adversity , do not trust to prosperity . be aware of fortune's habit -- she will do just as she please . none of this be in you control . be happy . be kind . angle on starling , as she start to put the car in gear , putting down the note . then she hesitate , and begins to cry . lowering her head , beyond her we see the potatochip van , parked in the driveway , and the child romping with the goat . int psychiatrist's office day . starling be talking to a kindly older woman psychiatrist . psychiatrist ... that you could ~go beyond the institution . " starling yes . psychiatrist what do that mean ? starling ( pause ) I see a man today , a man so hideously deform who will spend he life in a hospital bbb ... psychiatrist yes , so you say . but what do that mean : to go beyond the institution . starling ( take a tissue from a BOX on the desk ) if he could overcome ... he need for ... for self-ratification ... psychiatrist ... would you use a small word ? starling for approval . psychiatrist what 's wrong with approval ? ( pause ) you admire that man . starling yes . psychiatrist how do you think that make he feel ? ( after a pause . she check her note ) what do that mean , " to go beyond the institution ...? " ( pause ) starling I tell that woman I be a orphan . psychiatrist ... you be a orphan . starling but ... but .... but .... you be right . I use it . to bargain . for she sympathy ... I use it -- to " whore myself out " -- ( pause ) psychiatrist welcome to the human race . ( starling shake her head in negation . pause ) do you know , there be people who admire you ? reasonable people . ( pause ) why do not you find they ...? pause . starling look up , at the new concept . int FBI headquarters day . starling , walking down a corridor . camera hinges her to " behavioral science . " she stick her head in , and asks , of a aide : starling y'see John brigham ...? aide ... I ... crawford stick he head out of he office , he put he pipe aside , and call to starling ... she come in , and he hold up a X - ray . crawford look at this : starling you see John brigham ...? crawford this just come in , over the transom . fella , work for a plastic surgeon , Argentina . look here : starling ... what be I look at ...? crawford a fellow with five finger . starling ...standard issue ... crawford not for we Doctor lechter . this ... ( he glance at note ) purport to be a x-ray of the hand of a ... white male ...mmmm....mmmm.... , after the removal of a vestigial sixth digit . Left Hand . it purport to be the x-ray of Dr. L ... starling be I on that case , sir ...? ( pause ) crawford no. ( pause ) starling well , then -- I would not want to be take for a hobbyist ... the aide come in , holding a phone . aide agent brigham be in the Library . starling ( to crawford ) Excuse I ... ( the aide and crawford exchange a surprised look ) she exit int library day brigham , in the library , bent over a lawbook . a note be slipped over the book . it read , " yes , I will marry you . " angle on brigham , as he read the note . brigham this be not sign . starling ( vo ) hard up as you be , at you age ? whadda you care ? surrender . brigham ~ do not shoot , G - Men ... " starling sit down next to he . beaming . brigham ( cont would ) why ? starling smile and start to make a pert answer . she get a bit teary , and brigham lead her out of the library . angle , a balcony off the library . starling hand brigham the card she got from verger . starling ( as brigham read } you know what , he 's right . fella : have he life take from he , by a maniac . fella . he 's lay there , he will never get off that bed . he can not move , a monster ... ( she shake her head , and leans into brigham . tight two shot ) ...a monster feed he face to the dog . ( beat } n'he say that it save he life . ( she start to laugh ) he 's spend and he life help Children . how corny be that ...? but , you know what : I give up . let 's get marry and spoil a buncha kid ... ( they embrace . ) angle int the library brigham and starling enter , as he goe to gather up he material . a agent hurrie through . agent starl : they get a x-ray . they think , they might have a lead on lechter . starling wherever he be , that 's fine with I ... agent they ... starling yeah , I know . the agent look at her wonderingly , and , then , as if she have not understood . agent ( as he produce a xerox of a X - ray ) they get a radiologist Assistant , Buenos Aires , guy , amputation of a Sixth finger ... and it seem to have leave a scar , uh oh .... starling that be not my case . they assign I , go do some legwork , theft of government property . tha 's what I be gonna do , and then go home and burn the roast . how the hell about that -- I be gonna swim with the current , and I do not care where he be . as brigham be gathering he STUFF , he drop the card starling give he , on the file which be starling be . we read : " none of this be in you control . be happy . be kind . " and , as brigham's hand come into the frame to gather the material up , we see the auction house catalogue , and the photo of the drawing , and starling be note : lion and bird , marble sculpture __________ cemetery , florence , italy . int alitalia airliner day . angle INS . a italian passport , a debarkation card , several snapshot , shuffle into the group , by a man' hand . we see the snapshot of pazzi in front of the mason verger wanted poster . snap of pazzi , in swat gear , on the range at quantico , wearing a FBI " gimme " hat , a postcard of the lincoln monument , v.o. a italian voice urging all passengers to remain seated until ET cetera . angle int the cabin of the airliner . the italian stewardess be ushering folk off the plane . we see pazzi putting all he paper together , and he reach down a flightbag from the overhead , and join the line of exiting passengers . angle in the jetway , a armed soldier , he smg slung in front of he , be reading a italian newspaper . as the jetway pull up to snuggle with the jet , the soldier drop the paper onto the stool before he , and come to attention . angle in the plane , the stewardess open the door , the passengers exit , she and pazzi exchange a brief , whispered flirtation as he pass . as he move past her , she give a SMALL whoop in response to some clandestine caress of he . a whispered conference between the two . stewardess .... be that the way for a Public official to act ? pazzi ( shrug ) you represent Italy . call it a inspection ... stewardess should not that be carry out in depth ? pazzi ... I have to get back to my wife ... he shrug sadly , and move past her . camera take pazzi into the jetway , where we now see two plainclothes cop type , waiting , as pazzi come through they nod to he , and the group start to exit out of the side walkway of the jetway . pazzi ( cont would ) ... what 's up ...? one of the men reach for the paper , which the soldier have dropped , and take it with he . angle ext the jetway . the group of three descend onto the tarmac under the jetway , where there be a car with a bluelight on it , waiting . they get into the car , and one of the cop hand the paper to pazzi . angle int the car , as it proceeds through the airport . pazzi turn to the page indicate . cop one how be America ? pazzi ( looking at the paper ) bad coffee , and woman with excessive ankle . cop one ... nightmare . pazzi what 's up ...? cop one ( pointing to paper ) doctore Carlo fanelli , curator of the pallazo capponi , 2 month miss . pazzi yeah , so where be he ? cop one somewhere where he family be offer a thirty grand reward for information , so on . pazzi they get that kind of money ? cop one they family own ... he speak , but the noise of a jet running up washes out he info . pazzi be eye , however , grow wide . pazzi well , let 's find he ... cop one ... buya lot of pasta for you wife . cop two she do not eat pasta , that 's how come she 's so slim . cop one heresa file onnaguy , you get a meeting , the palazzo capponi , at four thirty . pazzi I can not even go home and change ...? cop two what would you bring I ...? the car be stop at a barrier . a guard come out , and the cop drive flash official looking info at he . int the car . pazzi distribute two FBI academy hat , to the two cop . the car pass through the barrier . camera track with it through the " arrival " roundabout . and we see two billboard , the first announce , the florence ballet , with appropriate date and inducement . the second , show a guillotine , and announce : instrument of atrocious torture . now through october , ET cetera . int the car . pazzi what else do I miss ...? one of the men gesture at the " torture " poster . cop one atrocious torture . hit of the season , you want , I know a guy can get you a ticket . pazzi ... be they hard to get ? cop one impossible . pazzi ( shaking he head sadly ) ... what a world . int pazii' apartment day . a nice modern SMALL apartment . anna pazzi , a very beautiful woman of around thirty be stand in the hall , as pazzi enter . he begins kissing her , and camera move they into the bedroom . anna what 's the rush ? what 's the rush ...? pazzi be not you glad to see I ? anna tell I about you trip ... what do you bring I ...? he stop , and rummage in he case , and bring out a bottle of perfume . he give it to her . she look disappointed . anna ( cont would ) ... and ? pazzi I bring you my passion and my wish that this afternoon will be for you a experience of ecstasy ... she fend he off . pazzi ( cont would ) ... what ? anna I can not think . pazzi ... you do not have to think . anna we have to talk about money ... pazzi I be on the track of a reward , which ... anna a reward ... pazzi I be go to tell you later .... anna a reward for what ? pazzi some museum director disappear . anna and ? pazzi they be offer ... ( as he move her toward the bed ) anna ... you have not find he yet . pazzi what be this , a whorehouse , or be you my wife ? anna you have go off to America , on you vacation ... pazzi ... I be work ... anna ... please ... pazzi I swear to you ... anna ... and I want to talk to you about you promotion .. pazzi yes ? my promotion ...? anna I want to talk to you about you salary . because I can not ... he take off he jacket , he take the perfume BOX from her , and throws it into the opened suitcase . he move her toward the bed . angle on the suitcase , where we see the perfume have land in the very scarf which starling give to pazzi earlier , also in the still - life be pazii' passport case , out of the top of which we see peeking a bit of the photograph showing the wanted poster " three million dollar reward for the whereabouts of the monster , hannibal lechter . " they continue to talk , as the audience read the information in the insert . pazzi ( cont would ) ( vo ) ( concluding ) I need you , y'understand , I need you ... anna ( vo ) ... everybody need something ... we see the light go out in the room ( i. E. on the insert shot ) putting the room into semi -darkness . ext pallazzo vecchio day . the sedan with pazzi and cop one come to a halt . cop one throws a police pass on the dashboard , and they get out , cop one hurrying . pazzi ( following , as he tie he tie ) hold up a minute ... cop one you spend the afternoon in bed ? pazzi first thing first . cop one you take this much time over everything ? pazzi that 's why my wife adore I . int palazzo vecchio , various reconstruction and renovation go on . pazzi and cop one mount the stair . cop one Carlo fanelli , dottore , miss two month . he be the director of the Museum . which , since he absence ... they have arrive on a landing . various restoration crews be at work . professor ricci , a contemporary of pazzis , come up to he . ricci ah , pazzi . how be America ...? they turn there head . at the SOUND of shout . angle there Pov . a large salon , its double door OPEN , and ten chair arranged around a table , all full of seated older men , of whom several be expostulating with another figure , unseen . angle on ricci , pazzi , ET al . ricci ( cont would ) we may need you to stop bloodsh . pazzi what be they on about ? ricci they be grill the applicant for the vacant Post . pazzi speak of the vacant Post . ricci dottore fanelli ... cop he have not , by any chance , wander back in ? as cop one talk with ricci , camera goe over the shoulder of pazzi , who , gingerly enter the salon , to the sight and SOUND of the old men arguing with each other . angle , he Pov . the old men at the table . sogliato , a fellow in he seventie , be holding the floor . sogliato now : we applicant hold in he hand , in he non-italian - Hand , a note , from Dante aligheri himself . would he recognize it , I think not ... another old man you want the job for you nephew . sogliato indeed I do . because he be my nephew ? no. because he .... a third old man let he read the note ... sogliato yes , fine , of course he can read the note . his italian be admirable , for a straniero . but be he familiar with ... angle on the man , previously unseen of whom they be talking . the movement of the Pov reveal he , stand alone , back to camera , before a half cloth - cover tapestry , dressed in a magnificent suit , using half -glasses to look down at a note in he hand . sogliato ( cont would ) ( vo ) the personality of pre-renaissance Florence ? I think not . the man ( hannibal lechter / dr . fell ) still see from the rear -- still looking at the note -- nods to indicate he have heard . angle he Pov the table of old men , and beyond they , pazzi . ricci appear at pazii' side , and speak in whisper . ricci ( sotto ) ...a Dr. fell . a brazilian , I think . apply for fanelli 's post . pazzi ( vacantly ) brazilian . ( ricci hand some form to pazzi ) ricci it would seem . sogliato ( vo ) what if he come upon a note in , the capponi Library , this great italian institution , which he now grace we with he bid to direct , a note from guido de cavalcanti . would he recognize it , I think not . angle on dr . fell , still see from the rear , as he take a silk square from he breast pocket , and clean he half - glass , then fold they and put they and the square back in he pocket . sogliato ( cont would ) ( vo ) would you care to address that , Dr. fell ...? beat . dr . fell turn to camera , still holding the note . he take several pace , to look at the note in a shaft of sunlight . he be stand beside the statue of judith and holoferne . he nods at the note , as if confirming something . then he look up . dr . fell cavalcanti reply publicly to Dante 's first sonnet . do you know it , Professor sogliato ? I believe it 's worth you time : listen to the way he make a instrument of the italian vernacular , which he call the vulgari eloquentia -- the eloquent voice of the people : allegro I sembrava amor tenedo / meo core in mano , e not la braccia avea / madonna involta in un drappa dormedo / poi la svegliava a d'esto ardeno / lei paventosa umilmente pascea / appreso gir lo not vedea paingendo . if Dante have write to a cavalcanti , it would , of course , have be to andrea , the most literary of he brother .... sogliato ... why do you want this job ? dr . fell in the hope , that someday , I should come across such a note . I thank you gentleman for you kind attention , and hope you will consider ... the meeting be about to break up , the old men be rising , fell hand back the note , which be encased in a protector , ricci come forward with pazzi , and begins introducing he to the committee . ricci ... investigate the disappearance of dottore fanelli ... pazzi who , can you think , who would want to harm Dr. fanelli , do he have any enemy , that ... committee member ... I have never meet a man who be so well beloved . pazzi ...he be wealthy ... committee member he have nothing . he live in a garret . his work be he life , he ... pazzi ...his family have offer a large reward . angle on fell , who goe to the pediment of the statue of judith and holoferne , and pick up a SMALL sketch book , which be opened at a sketch of the statue , he put the book under he arm . angle on pazzi and the committee member . committee member his older brother offer the reward , fanelli have nothing , he .... angle . pazzi half turn he head , to see several committee member congratulating dr . fell , who be putting on he coat . committee member ( cont would ) ... will have , of course to be examine by the studiolo , to confirm the appointment , but I think I can assure you , that the Committee ... dr . fell ... you be most kind ... angle , on pazzi , who be still be talked at by the committee member . committee member .. who would benefit from he disappearance ? no one . no one have but lose by it ... angle pazzi start toward dr . fell . pazzi ( to the committee member ) ... would you excuse I ...? angle ext the salon , on the landing , fell be be address by ricci . ricci ... will have to face the studiolo , in they meeting next week . and I , for one , wish you the best . fell shake he hand , and start down the staircase . camera goe with he , we hear pazzi vo . pazzi dottore ... fell turn , and pazzi come to catch up with he . pazzi ( cont would ) pazzi , rinaldo , commendatore , prefatura ... fell of course , commendatore ... camera take they down the stair , as they talk . pazzi could you tell I : do you ever meet you predecessor , dottore fanelli ...? fell I never meet he . I know he only from he writings . pazzi I know that the officer who first investigate he disappearance searched for a note , a farewell note , a suicide note ... fell ...yes . pazzi you have take over he office , be that not so ? fell it be only temporary , until my confirmation by ... pazzi of course , in he office , if you come across anything , any personal papers of he , anything , however trivial , would you contact I , please ... be he personal effect still at the palazzo ? fell yes. pack and with a inventory . ( he hesitate , and look at pazzi ) pazzi and fell walk out of the museum . angle ext the museum . pazzi I will have they pick up . pazzi gesture to he colleague . pazzi ( cont would ) May we drop you ? fell thank you , I be most happy to walk in this most magnificent of city . fell start pulling on he glove , he hand he sketchbook to pazzi for a moment . pazzi look down . angle pazii' Pov fell left hand , have a scar on the back in the shape of a 3 . pazzi May I ask you a personal question , Dr. fell ? fell if you duty require it . pazzi you have a recent scar on the back of you hand . fell and you have a new wedding ring on yours ? La vita nuova ? -- ( he smile . ) pazzi you look oddly at I , back on the landing . fell yes , it must be hard to be a policeman . be it hard ? must one , then , be constantly suspicious ? pazzi why do you look at I that way ? fell ( smile ) I see a man in dishevel clothing , but clean . just dress -- in the middle of the ... fell shake he head , asking to have the question withdrawn . pazzi ... please ... fell ( shrug , smile ) I see a man , somewhat fatigue . quickly dress , a bit dishevel . in the middle of the day . ( smile ) a old story . and then I see the clothing be fresh -- therefore : a man who dress at home . and then I remark the new wedding ring . and so : the story give I pause . a lovely story . a new , and a beloved wife . I wish you joy . ( fell start to exit ) pazzi walk with he . pazzi you assemble this , on the instant , from this few observation ? fell ( shrug ) I be a historian . it be we task to assemble the seemingly unconnected into the obvious . pazzi ... you scar ..? fell my scar be a war-wound . pazzi how so ? fell carpal - tunnel syndrome . from a life of type . commendatore . History , a hazardous profession . fell and then pazzi stop . fell ( cont would ) you be a pazzi of the pazzim be you not ? pazzi yes . how do you know ? fell you resemble a figure from the della robia rondel , in you family 's chapel at Santa croce . pazzi it be adresa de pazzi , depict as John the Baptist . you have see the chapel ? fell I have have the honor . ( he bow and start off . pazzi goe after he . ) fell turn to he . fell ( cont would ) I wonder that a officer of you exalt rank should come , so late , into the case . pazzi and ? then ? fell I wonder no longer . you be out of the country . pazzi how could you know ? fell I sense ... ( he touch he nose ) the faintest whiff of a perfume , whose base , whose base , whose base be " Hamamelis " ... it be witch - hazel - - such a clean scent . no , not a european scent . I would say it be a scent of the New World . I would say , you have be in America . have I strike home ? pazzi you know America ? fell ... you have bring this perfume ... bring this perfume . back . back from America . to you New wife ... ( he pick up he hand , and glance down at pazii' wedding ring . ) you have give it to she , and some of ... ( he smile ) some of ' she perfume ' have find its way back onto you . lucky man . lucky man , indeed . he bow , and start to take he leave , from the startled pazzi . pazzi come to he sense , and hand a card to fell . pazzi should you come across anything which ... fell you will be the first I call . fell turn to leave , turn back , and take he hand and , gently rub it on the lapel of pazii' suitjacket , he then , delicately , hold the hand under he nose , and nods , as if in agreement with himself . he nods , and walk off into a park . angle on pazzi , who look after fell . he walk back toward the car . he turn , to look after fell , and we see he be stand by a line of people , a queue , under a banner which proclaim , " atrocious instrument of torture . " pazzi shake he head , as if to clear it , and start toward he car , where cop one open the ooor for he . angle on fell , as camera take he into the park , which , we see , be a cemetery . he sit on a bench , and take out he sketchbook , and begins to draw . angle he Pov . a piece of funeray statuary , the lion , holding the bird in he mouth . angle on dr . fell , sketching . tight . he sketch , he raise he hand to he nose and inhales , and nods again . angle , from the side , we now see the statue and fell drawing . he be drawing , not the statue , but a sketch of clarice starling . dissolve to : ext maryland misericordia hospital day . various unfortunate people , entering the hospital ; leaving the hospital , a vast giant of a man , shrugging himself into a army fatigue jacket over orderly white . ( barney ) angle starling , stand at a busstop , reading a paper . angle INS . in the paper be secrete a photo of barney , on FBI xerox form , with he name , and description . angle starling wait at the busstop . barney pass in front of her , and continue walking . starling fold the paper and goe after he . angle rundown residential neighborhood , day . barney , now holding a SMALL bag of groceries , cross the STREET . we see starling in the bg . barney stop , in the middle of the road . we see he be looking up overhead . angle INS he Pov . a dove , circle in the sky . angle xcu . barney looking up , puzzle , and then he look down . angle he Pov . in the road ahead , a dead dove . barney walk into the Pov , pick up the dove , and walk to a SMALL ratty verge of park . he put the dove down , lovingly in the grass , and we watch , as the other dove land on a fence , nearby . barney start to walk toward the live bird . angle over the bird , onto barney , with starling walking up behind he . barney hesitate , he back still to starling . barney be you attract by death ? ( pause ) it be the one great mystery , be it not ? anyone who would say otherwise must be a hypocrite . do not you think ...? he turn for the first time and look at her . barney ( cont would ) ... or be you only attract by power ... ( he change he tack and tone . ) how be you , agent starl ? starling ah , barney : you have get a good mernory . barney you know why that be ? because there be so few thing I need to forget . would you agree , for the record , that I have not be read my rights ? starling I have not read you you rights . barney would you mind say that into you bag ...? starling start to OPEN her bag , and speak into it . starling I hereby acknowledge that ... barney and now I have " docile " you , have I not ? by force you obedience . starling ( smiling ) then why do you choose to inform I of it ...? barney to show ... ( pause ) in my ability to squander . what one might deem a advantage ... that my strength be great than yours ... starling oh yeah ? wanna arm wrestle ...? barney if you will come down the street I will make you a cup of coffee . int barney' apartment day . as they enter , the apartment with many deadbolt . starling enter warily and take a seat with her back to the wall , in the SMALL studio . as barney begins making coffee . barney you almost take down evelda drumgo . starling well . Word get around . barney ... what hinder you ...? starling it be not my day . barney perhaps you do not have the support you require . starling it 's a poor workman who blame he tool . barney or , perhaps ... starling ... how be thing at the Hospital ? barney it 's a growth business . starling what have they get you do ? barney orderly . starling I would have figure you a r.n. by now , or , maybe Med School . barney I prefer to stay in the less frivolous profession . starling ( take out a notebook ) you last eight year , as orderly , in Dr. lechter 's prison ward . barney yes , I presume it be about he . starling ... you ... barney I be strike by you phraseology . I do not last with he . I be privileged to enjoy he company during that time . starling ( getting down to business , as she take out a pencil . ) I be look for ... barney he say , and this be he word , he value we time together , because I be civil . starling do you ever think , do you think , after he escape , he would come after you ? barney he tell I , he prefer to eat the rude . or : " natural compost . " do you think he would come after you ...? starling look out the window . angle her Pov out the window , SE see the dove circle the dead dove on the ratty piece of grass . starling ( turning back ) what ...? barney I ask you how you like you coffee ...? we have black and bitter . as the soul of man . or light and sweet , as the world - view of the self - delusive . starling we get a bunch of material , come up at auction . material which disappear from Dr. lechter 's cell , drawing he make , he book . barney yes ? starling and I would like you help , determine who 's bid for they purchase . barney why I ? starling waal , because you sell them ... two year ago , he annotate dictionary of cuisine , by Alexander Dumas , go for sixteen thousand dollar . seller 's affidavit of ownership , sign cary panz . p.a.n.z. sound to I like a orderly . whadja clear on the book ? ten , twelve grand ? barney ... very good . starling here 's what they want you to do : we want the rest of the stuff you steal from he cell . barney ... why ? starling let 's just say they get a passion for colleclecle ... barney you say " here 's what they want you to do ... " why ? starling now , why not you help we ? barney that would adversely impact my income . starling not as much as be jaile for theft of government property , or for failure to pay income tax , on undisclose income . barney we could skip the gavotte . starling say it in English . barney lechter 's not buy up he memorabilia . he keep it all in he " mind , " do you see ...? starling then who 's buy it ? barney ( shrug ) there 's one or two freak , and , for a " pass , " I will rat they out to you ... ( he take a pencil , and put a couple of name in her book , leaning over her ) starling that 's the spirit ... angle , barney as he leans over , looming over starling . barney ... be not you afraid of I ...? starling you want I to be ? barney I would prefer it ... ( he finishes writing ) but it 's just a vacant exercise . he and starling finish there coffee . he begins to walk her out . angle ext barney' apartment , as they exit . starling a vacant exercise , why ...? barney you say " here 's what they want you to do . " be not you part of they anymore ...? be not you part of the FBI ? ' no girl 's allow , ' or what ? have you transgress ...? starling let 's keep it to business , shall we ? barney ... why have they stick you on this silly little roust ? starling ... they do it for a lark . barney oh , good . the ornithological leitmotif ... he take her over to the dead bird . he pick up the dead bird , and smooths its feather . he address the circle dove . barney ( cont would ) off you go . you have grieve enough . anything more would be self - indulgence . starling ( as she look at her book of name ) who be this guy ...? barney Rich , comic book freak . starling and why be it a vacant exercise ? barney because we both know who 's buy the lechteriana . starling who would that be . barney ( as if stating the most obvious fact . ) mason verger . for he can not be free . Dr. lechter refashion he body so it mirror he soul , what a impossible injustice . can you be free ....? starling no , you be wrong about verger . barney oh , yes . he 's find peace . starling well , if he have not , I be vastly mistaken . barney ( pause , and look at her intently ) and have you find peace ..? ( pause ) angle , on barney , as he start putting the dead bird in he pocket . starling what will you do with the bird ...? barney pluck it , and eat it . it be so good to see you .. barney goe back into he apartment build . int FBI headquarters day . starling be coming into the readyroom area , and pass JOHN brigham . brigham how you doin ? starling m'i gonna see you tonight ? brigham that 's right . starling then I be do fine . brigham what 's new onna street ? starling all quiet along the potomac ... a technician walk by and starling rip a page out of her notebook and hand it to he . starling ( cont would ) can we run this guy down ? technician who be he ? starling his job description ? he 's a comic book freak . technician whadda we want he for ...? starling insufficient animation . just get I he vital sign , will you ...? ( to brigham ) catcha later ... ( she walk on . ) angle INS . the x-ray marked hannibal lechter . next to it , a sketch of the back of the hand , with a scar , in the shape of a numeral 3 on it . a technician be discussing the material with crawford . technician which would , of necessity , have leave this scar in the shape of the number " 3 . " crawford why a Three ? technician it require two flap to close the area between the ... starling pass . crawford starl : come look at this : do you see this ? starling yes sir , I see it . ( he hand her a copy of the X - ray . ) crawford ( nods ) we have a memo here , from you friend Mr. krendler at the justice Department . starling I be all attention . crawford he request you presence , once again , as part of ... he hand her the memo . int FBI cafeteria day . starling come down the steamtable line with a tray . camera take her to mapp , who be eating lunch , starling sit . starling just the person I be look for . mapp and why would that be ...? starling sit and start to eat . mapp pick up the memo from the SMALL folder on starling's tray . starling because you be go to help I plan a party . mapp you be go to do that ? starling I be go to do it , and you be go to catch the bouquet . mapp read the memo . mapp the multi-jurisdiction Task Force : read alphabet soup , for the continue pursuit , and in preparation for the apprehension of the fugitive , evelda drumgo . the man 's haze you . starling my daddy would say : accept with glee the thing you can not change . mapp pick up the x-ray . mapp I will tell you what : I should go in there , volunteer to fill up he female quota . ( of the X - ray . she hold it up , seeking information ) starling Mr. Crawford ask my opinion . here we have get a purport x- ray , Dr. lechter 's surgery . do we keep it secret , or broadcast it ? mapp say what , " look out for a guy with ten finger ...? " starling yeah , that 's too hip for the room . mapp ( of the note ) you stay offa this alphabet Soup detail , all this half - baked , cowboy stuff , till after you get you mind clear .... you do not wanna go out there a half - step slow ... starling I do not wanna go out there at all ... mapp what do you want to do ? you want to jam up that sonofabitch krendler . starling no . I want to buy a dog . ( pause ) mapp what break you free , girl ? starling I meet a man , and his trouble be Greater than mine ... she extract the SMALL card verger have give her . and we see it , as she look at it . " do not give in to adversity . do not trust to property . none of this be in you control . be happy . be kind . " int verger' mansion --playroom--day . happy SMALL child playing . one SMALL boy , smiling , be approached by a lovely young nurse , dressed in white . she whisper to he and he smile and nods , and take her hand , as they walk off . angle int verger' medical facility . we see the young child , franklin , be LED off on a tv screen . we see he progress onto another screen showing the hall , and the old woman , rosie , knitting . angle cordell , stand by verger' bed . cordell hold a folder marked " department of child welfare . CITY of baltimore . " he be finished reading it . cordell " ... and age - appropriate large and small motor skill . his unfortunate home situation have make it necessary for Franklin to form immediate attachment with adult , which we understand to have contribute to many instance of he abuse . " SOUND of a " whoosh , " as a door open , cordell close the folder . he look toward the door . angle in the bed , verger , he face obscure by a television monitor . we hear the whir of a tv camera . we see the camera , above verger' bed , moving . angle on a tv screen , we see the camera track , and take the frightened franklin , and the nurse stand next to he , the nurse motion franklin forward . angle , on cordell , looking down at verger . ( NB throughout , verger should never be see . he be inferred through the reaction of that around he . and he , and in particular , he face should always be obscure --a tease --by this or that intervening object . ) cordell nods , as if in response to a sign from verger . he lay the hospital folder on a sort of xerox machine . angle on verger' electronic display . the various tv screen , the hospital folder , now coming into view on a screen on which we read the logo of the baltimore child welfare , and " jame , franklin , born JUNE 5 , 1991 , " and a photo of he . on the adjacent screen we see the young boy coming forward at the urging of he nurse . he eye growing wide with fear . angle from behind franklin , as he body obscure our view of verger , and we hear the electronically enhanced voice of verger conversing with he . verger be you Franklin ? franklin ... Franklin . verger where do you live ? franklin with mama and shirley and stringbean . angle shift to over verger , onto the frightened boy . in the bg we see the nurse beat a strategic retreat to the door , and after her exit , we see her appear on the screen which show the corridor , taking a chair across from " rosie , " we see her sit and take out a book and read . as verger talk with franklin , we see the information on the " text " screen scroll , which new info we see reflected in verger' question . franklin ( cont would ) but stringbean , he in and out . verger in and out . yes. and mama ... and mama , be not you real mama , be she Franklin ? franklin she my foster . verger she 's not the first foster that you have have . be she ? franklin no. ( the child look around , and , finding no support , look back at verger . ) verger do you like it at you home , Franklin ? franklin ( frightening ) we get kittykat ... verger yes .... yes ... franklin ... and shirly , let I sleep with she sometime . verger yes . Franklin , you can not live there anymore . with mama and shirly and kittykat . you have to go away . franklin ... who say ...? verger the government say . mama have lose she job , so she can not be you foster mother . the police find a marijuana cigarette in you home . you can not see mama anymore . or shirley . or Kitty cat . that 's what the government say ... angle xcu on franklin . verger ( cont would ) ... or perhaps they just do not want you anymore . could that be ? and , do you know what will happen to Kitty cat ? when you go away . the police will take she , and they will give she a shot . with a shiny needle . they will give Kitty cat a shot . and it will hurt she . and then she will die . franklin take the tail of he shirt from he pant and hold it to he eye . angle on verger' bed , and on cordell behind he , glancing through a file . cordell look up at the wailing of franklin . verger ( cont would ) come here ... ( beat . franklin come forward , he face screwing up in terror as the detail of verger become more apparent . he stop moving forward . ) do you know how you keep kittycat from get a shot ? Franklin ? no ? do you know . then come here ... franklin come forward . verger ( cont would ) you can keep Kitty cat from get a shot if ... angle on cordell , who react to some sign from verger , and nods , and take a SMALL package from a pocket in he coat . angle on cordell , who give the package to franklin . verger ( cont would ) if you give he this ... angle on franklin , as he look down at the package in he hand . angle INS : it be a package of rat poison . angle on franklin , holding the poison , he look up as verger talk . verger ( cont would ) you can keep she from get the shot , if you give she that rat poison yourself ... angle , hold on franklin , who begins to weep copiously . angle , on the video screen showing franklin , as we hear a servo motor , and the screen zoom in to show a tear . angle on cordell , who be now at a SMALL wetbar , mixing vodka and vermouth and pouring they into a martini shaker . he glance over , and nods . angle on cordell , as he push a button on a console . on the screen over verger' bed we see the nurse in the hall react . she put her paperback book into her pocket , and rise , and we see her enter verger' room , and stand by the door . verger ( cont would ) Goodbye , Franklin . cordell walk franklin to the door . verger ( cont would ) ... remember what we talk about . we hear verger' electronically amplified breathing become excite , and on the lifesign screen , we see he vital sign become more agitate , and the nurse , and cordell start toward the bed . verger ( cont would ) ( as he breathing quiet ) no , I be fine ... we see cordell start back into the room , and then , at the SOUND of verger' voice turn away again . angle , at the door , cordell sign to the nurse , and stoop to the crying franklin . cordell take a sterile plastic bag from he pocket , he remove from it a clamp , in the jaw of which be a SMALL square of cotton gauze . he stoop to franklin , and carefully take one of frankline tear onto the gauze . he nods to the nurse , who exit with franklin . he disappear from the shot . angle on verger . verger ( cont would ) .. what have we hear from we friend at the FBI ...? angle on cordell , as he take a envelope , and extract a xerox of a X - ray and put it on the screen , we see it be the " brazilian " x- ray of lechter' hand . we see a imprint at the top of the x-ray --the patient name and the lab name ripped away -- all that remains be the word " ... do brazil . " cordell most current information show the result of a operation for the removal of a sixth digit , the leave hand of a man . verger can we identify it as Dr. lechter ? cordell not with any certainty we ... verger' breathing again become excitable . verger why do he come back ? cordell we operative in Brazil have be empower to offer a reward of .... verger ... why did he come back ? why did the boy turn back ...? cordell ... be you alright , sir ...? verger he turned back into the room . where have we see it before . cordell see what , sir ..? verger the puppy come back . if you lie on the ground . the puppy with return . why ? do you know why ...? to kill you . it thinks you have fallen and be powerless . it come back to tear you throat . that's why the child turned back . as lechter will return back . you see ? to the sight of he oppressor wounded . he will return to savage we beloved miss starl . bring I a drink . cordell turn , back to the console . we see cordell turn , and approach the bed , holding the martini on a tray . he put the tray down on the bedtable . angle INS . we see , on the SMALL metal hospital tray , the martini shaker , the martini glass , and a SMALL beaker , in which be the clamp which bear the gauze pad which bear frankline tear . cordell shake the shaker , pour it into the glass , and drop the gauze pad into it , and hand it to verger . cordell you drink , sir . verger it 's time to step up the pressure on we sweet miss starl . ... call we friend at the f.b.i . and , instead of find lechter , let 's help him find we . angle on one of the video screen , we see a sheet labell " confidential FBI not for distribution . " and we see , in various square below , the drawing by lechter , the various funeray sketch . camera come in on one of the middle , left , which show the lion with a bird in its mouth . ext florence park night . the statue of the lion holding the bird . a couple walking past . pazzi ... the purpose of the exercise ... be it because they be expensive ... mrs . pazzi they be not expensive , you get they through you connection .... speak of which : pazzi Fine , thank you , but mrs . pazzi speak of which , I want you also to get we ticket for the Opera ... pazzi ... whatever be within my power ... mrs . pazzi ... and that be what you need to expand . pazzi I do not understand . mrs . pazzi ( she stop and address he ) we be here on sufferance . I be here ... pazzi ... why be we here in the first place ...? mrs . pazzi because it be exclusive ... because everyone will be here ... camera take they past a sign announcing " exhibition instrument of atrocious torture , " and a velvet rope , and various well dressed people waiting to get in . pazzi walk to the head of the line , and show he ticket , and be admitted . angle int . the exhibit hall . a iron maiden . a coffin showing spike on one side , the other side empty , be a improvised entry to the exhibit . pazzi and he wife enter , she stop to gossip with a well dressed couple . mrs . pazzi ( cont would ) Mrs. demetrio , how good to see you ... angle on pazzi , as he drift away . we see he staring at various thumbscrews , a rack , a guillotine . he stoop to read a placard . he wife come up behind he . mrs . pazzi ( cont would ) you see , that be my point . pazzi ... my love ... mrs . pazzi ... they ask we to dinner . how can we accept if we cannot return the ... pazzi I be on the track of ... mrs . pazzi yes , yes , yes , you thirty thousand dollar reward , which you would have to split with you team , which , if you get it , will not buy I a new watch ... ( she stop to greet another couple ) pazzi ... what do you expect I to ... he stop , and turn away , when he sees that she be engrossed . he be now looking at a torture wheel . he stop and look intently into the gloom of the roped off exhibit . angle he Pov inside the exhibit , in a dark corner , the figure of a man . sketching . angle xcu on fell , lechter , in the gloom , sketching . we see a good sketch of the wheel , on which he have add architectural note on angle and distance . he turn , feeling someone looking at he . angle he Pov . pazzi , beyond the velvet rope . peering intently , returning fell glance . doublecutting : we return to pazzi , staring , we see he make a quick addendum to the sketch of the torture wheel . and then return to pazzi , leaning over to peer more closely into the gloom . mrs . pazzi so , the question : as always , rinaldo , the question be one of mmm ... angle on mrs . pazzi , as fell appear at there side , she turn to he . fell commendatore would you do I the honor of introduce I . pazzi darling , Dr. fell . my wife Madame pazzi. fell ( he bend to kiss her hand ) enchante . guide the exhibit be close . the exhibit be close in ten Minutes ... please make you way to the ... mrs . pazzi Dr. fell . you be not italian . fell sadly , no . and I find that birth be one of the few thing in life which study and a pleasant attitude can not amend . what do you think ? mrs . pazzi and how do we account for the interest of such a charming man , a interest in torture ? pazzi Dr. fell be study for he examination by the studiolo . fell indeed I be . and the connection , between Dante , and , in fact , between you illustrious forebear ... if you would come with I , I could show you ... he hold up the rope , as to lead they back into the exhibit . pazzi but the exhibit be close . fell how unfortunate . pazzi start to help he wife on with her wrap . fell ( cont would ) May I ...? he take the wrap , and begins to drape it around her shoulder . angle ext the exhibit . on the STREET , the curious be exiting . fell conclude putting the wrap on mrs . pazzi . fell ( cont would ) what a lovely perfume . I believe I recognize it , do I not ...? mrs . pazzi my husband bring it to I from America . fell a wonderful country ... a older man call pazzi away . mrs . pazzi you know it ? fell I have have many excellent meal there . mrs . pazzi and yet , they be not know for they cuisine . fell ( smile ) ... should love to correct you error . ( pause ) mrs . pazzi well , perhaps sometime we ... pazzi rejoins the group . pazzi darling ... fell well , if you will excuse I . Madame . what a pleasure . he move away . pazzi the commissioner be go round the Cafe ... mrs . pazzi ...did he invlte we ...? pazzi no. invite we ? no , he simply ... mrs . pazzi then we cannot go . pazzi because ...? mrs . pazzi because we cannot pay ... he lead her off , the two obviously having a fight . angle in the gloom , lechter -fell , looking at they appraisingly . int pazii' apartment night . pazzi sitting in shirtsleeve , he tie undone , a half full glass of whisky in front of he , at he desk . he desk full of paper . he wife in a housedress . ranting . mrs. pazzi ( cont would ) ... constant humiliation . and why ? pazzi " because we do not have any money . " mrs . pazzi .... because we do not have any mmm ... pazzi hold up a folder . pazzi the case that I be work on ... mrs . pazzi take the folder and fling it down . mrs . pazzi it 's a joke . you be a joke . you be a joke . you do not know what money be -- you idea of money ... ( she pick up another file on the desk , and take out the scarf give to pazzi by starling ) ... spend it on a whore on you ' business trip . ' that be the fine limit of you ambition ... angle on pazzi , rearranging the file . we see , in a insert , the scarf , the " man wanted " poster , and FBI case study on hannibal lechter , and we hold on the " three million dollar reward . " angle on the two , he wife storming out . mrs . pazzi ( cont would ) and if you do not find some money . soon . I be leave you . ( beat ) and I want ticket to the Opera . she close the door of he study . int fell study night . fell , in a SMALL elegant chamber of a palazzo . playing a clavier . he stop to adjust a page on the music stand in front of he . he resume playing . angle he Pov the music stand . it hold not music , but the sketch we saw he do earlier of starling . we see he hand adjust the page once again , and the sketch of starling be half - obscure by the sketch we saw fell make of the torture wheel . at the top of the sketch we see the add face of pazzi and mme pazzi , sketched by fell at the exhibit . angle frontal on fell , as he stop playing . he pick up a glass of wine which have be resting on the clavier , and take one of the sketch and gay intently at it . he shiver slightly , and turn up the collar of he jacket . angle , as he Pov . snow blowing across a SMALL window , the window rattling . the snow blows the shade . inside the window we see beard soldier , cooking over a SMALL FIRE made on the floor of the dishevelled home . angle on a SMALL dark boy , dressed in rag , in the blowing snow , looking into the window . angle he Pov . we see the soldier come toward the window and fasten it against the wind . angle the boy , backing across a SMALL courtyard into the OPEN door of a SMALL factory build . int dark factory build night . starling be moving through the build , against the wall , hugging the wall . she hear a SOUND , and turn . she look down . angle her Pov --a SMALL badge with a bullethole in it , lying on the floor . she look up to the SOUND of running , and sees a figure flitting across a open . angle starling raise her pistol and pull the trigger . nothing happens . she look at the pistol . it be jammed , she tries to clear it quickly , we see a hand on her shoulder , she turn . angle her Pov it be the face of lechter . starling raise the pistol and fire . we see the pistol explode . we hear scream . angle int starling's bedroom . starling , sitting up in bed , scream . mapp burst in to the room . followed by her boyfriend , jim , who carry a gun , and sweep the room . mapp sit by starling . she quiet starling . mapp what be it . ( starling shake her head ) what be it , honey ? angle xcu on starling , who mutter . starling ... something about my father ...? mapp ... what ? starling ( as she shake her head to clear it , and rise ) do you think you could make a cup of coffee , cause I be go to work . angle on jim . he look out the window , at the dawn . he look at he watch , and at mapp . he shrug . int verger' room , night . verger' various video screen , showing half -seen picture of child playing . verger ( to cordell ) show I the pig . cordell come and stand by the bed . he pick up a telephone , and touch some button on the console . we see one of the video screen come to life , and we see a barn , and a couple of ratty looking gentlemen with coffeecup . verger ( cont would ) good morning , gentlemen . they tug there forelocks . cordell ... may we see it , please ? gentleman ( with a thick mideuropean accent ) we have they train the two thing : to come on the whistle , and to attack the figurine . we see the other gentlemen bring forward a scarecrow . gentleman ( cont would ) ...can you see the pig ...? we see the camera scan , and we see two large wild boar in a pen . we see the one man put the scarecrow over a fence . gentleman ( cont would ) we stuff the figure with mean scrap , at first , of course , the pig be ... verger do it ... cordell ... let 's see the pig , please . the gentleman blows he whistle . the pig run at the figurine and stop . we hear the SOUND of human scream . gentleman we tape the scream , to get they use to the ( he mumble , look to he friend for help ) second gentleman ... distraction . gentleman ... as you recommend , ( shrug ) I think they like it . they will eventually . verger make they eat the figurine . gentleman they will , sir . we train they , to the figurine , eventually , they consume a man , say , 80 kilo , say , in ... verger ( to cordell ) ... tell they ... cordell we do not want the man consume . no . we want to put the man 's foot through the bar , and have the pig ... and have the pig eat he foot . gentleman ( nods ) ... they eat he foot ... verger yes . it 's all a question of bait -- be not it ...? on the tv screen we see the pig nosing the dummy . verger ( cont would ) ... make they eat the dummy . gentleman ... they eat the dummy , sir , they eat the man ... I keep they hungry . when ... when do we think this man arrive . verger be it necessary to know ? gentleman well , I do not want to starve they too long . they die . verger oh , no , no . it will not be that long . the camera zoom in on the pig . in a upper screen we see a chicken wandering outside the pen . the chicken wander into the pen . on the first screen we see one of the pig turn , and run blindingly quickly across the enclosure , and in a cu we see the few feather that be the remainder of the chicken . angle on verger and cordell . verger ( cont would ) no , I do not think it will be too very long at all . ( to cordell ) please call we friend at the FBI . SOUND of a phone high speed dialle . verger ( cont would ) ( to phone ) hello . do you know who this be ? I think it 's time to finish the preparation of we friend . miss starl . I be fine , how be you ...? int psychiatrist's office day . starling be talking to a kindly older woman psychiatrist . angle INS starling hold the card reading , " be kind , be happy . " angle on starling speak : starling ...to , to ... to be in control of my ... my emotion . psychiatrist yes , but no one be in control of they emotion . ( pause ) that 's all we have time for today ... ( she start to rise ) starling ( pause ) I do not understand . psychiatrist you say : that you have " decide . " that you ... you feeling of persecution , as you put it be a " self - indulgence , " and you be go to put they aside . and get on with you job . starling that 's right . psychiatrist and you have decide to accept ... to accept this " emotion , " as you put it , to the ... the " sweeping . of the lechter case . starling yes . psychiatrist and you have decide to get marry . ( pause ) you have decide a lot of thing . ( pause ) but , in spite of you decision -- you be still " nag " by feeling of : despair , of failure of ... you still have the nightmare , you ... starling what be you point ? psychiatrist that if decision be a useful tool , you would not be here . ( pause ) why be you here ...? starling I .. psychiatrist ...yes ...? starling ( as she rise ) I want to do something positive ... psychiatrist you want some advice . starling yes . psychiatrist you life have be define by institution . the orphanage where you be raise , the FBI Academy , the Bureau . if the institution be you life , accept it . ask to be reinstate on the " drumgo " task force . play they game . starling ... why ? psychiatrist because it 's the game you have choose . that 's really all we have time for . int italian police detective squad hq florence . a hatrack with the " gimme " cap from the FBI INTERNATIONAL police academy on it . pazzi enter , and hang he hat on the hatrack , he be speak with he superior . pazzi ...a liaison position ... superior and what do that mean ? pazzi ... I feel that ... superior " a liaison position with the Opera . " ( pause ) the superior take pazzi into a SMALL office and close the door . superior ( cont would ) rinaldo , what happen to you ? ( pause ) you want I to reach out for ticket to the Opera . say so . what be that young girl do to you ...? pazzi could you get I ticket to the Opera . superior she must be something special after Dark . pazzi I can not remember . ( pause . the superior nods sagely ) I have get to make some money . superior ( pick up a file ) thirty thousand dollar reward . in the whereabouts of Il dottore fanelli , or the apprehension of he ... pazzi ... yes , yes , yes .... he sigh , he take the file , and leave the office . pazzi ( cont would ) could you help I with ticket to .. superior the short term problem be the ticket -- the long - term problem be you wife . pazzi shake he head . angle pazzi at he desk . we see the file labell : disappearance of dottore ennio fanelli . angle pazzi at he desk . a colleague come by . colleague naldo , you want Opera ticket ...? pazzi can you help I ? colleague no , but I be go . if you like , I will tell you what you miss . the colleague leave . the superior return . superior and the related problem be you job . aha . and here it all come together . to get a promotion you must keep you job . to keep you job you must solve this case . solve the case , and the reward may help you keep you wife . in short , the solution to all you problem lie in this file : the disappearance of Il dottore fanelli . the superior point to a file on pazii' desk . pazzi nods , and pick up the report . angle INS . the report : .... identify by the follow : acute anesthesia or a hper - acute sense of smell . capable of distinguishing quantity of substance by smell . angle on pazzi , as he leaf through the report , wonderingly . angle INS , the report . ... phenomenal capacity for language . known perfect fluency in Russian , german , Spanish , french , and italian . in addition ... angle on pazzi , as he leave through the report again . angle the report . ... notable in all scene of abduction : 1 ) the condiment be miss from the Kitchen Area . 2 ) ... angle the report ...of indeterminate sexuality . but remarkably attractive to woman . this " hyper -charm " ** sudonis , et al : psychopathology of the serial killer , be most pronounce in ... the page rifle , and we read : ... knowledge of the italian Renaissance , with a particular emphasis on Architecture ( see : lechter , the artist ) and literature . during he first record incarceration , he confound the prison psychiatrist by quoting Dante on ... angle on pazzi . as he look at the report . angle he Pov : the report on the disappearance of fanelli , still lying on the desk . angle , on the report he be holding , he turn to the cover , we read it be : FBI INTERNATIONAL police academy . case book . the psychopathic killer . # 3 : hannibal lechter . angle on pazzi , at he desk . he put down the FBI report , and pick up the fanelli report , and leaf through it . angle INS : he Pov . the report , we read : ... apartment be untouched , show no sign of he departure , hurried or otherwise . note : he housekeeper do testify that " all the condiment have be remove from the kitchen , " but this be discount as fanciful and ... angle on pazzi , as he put down the report . he look at the two report side by side , a colleague come up behind he . colleague commendatore , if you be look for Opera ticket .... pazzi wave he away , he open he desk , and take out a envelope of snapshot . he leaf through they and we see pazzi on the range at quantico , in a classroom , in front of the lincoln memorial , and in front of the wanted poster , for lechter . angle xcu , the number advertising a three million dollar reward . angle , on pazzi as he start to pick up the phone , then hesitate . he rise , and goe to the hatstand to take he hat . ext florence STREET . angle INS . the snapshot , the wanted poster , SOUND of a phone be dialed . angle pazzi in the phonebooth . we hear a recorded announcement : we're sorry , this number be no longer in service . if you feel you have dialed in error .... pazzi hand up the phone . he start to walk away . as he doe so , the phone ring , he goe back to the telephone . pazzi ( on he phone ) hello ....? voice on phone ... what do you want ? ( pause ) pazzi I know where he be . voice on phone I be sure I do not know who you mean . pazzi I know where he be . voice on phone and why should we believe you ? pazzi I know something no one know . ( pause ) he have have he finger remove . on he leave hand . ( pause ) it leave a scar . ( pause ) voice on phone what shape be the scar ? pazzi I want the money . voice on phone what shape be the scar ? pazzi the shape of a Three . int verger' room . cordell be on the phone . cordell ( on phone ) ...on positive identification . and the remainder of the reward , upon he apprehension by the appropriate legal authority . ( he hang up ) angle on the video above verger' bed . they show the pig be fed . verger where be the call from . cordell somewhere in Italy . verger make plan for lechter 's abduction . cordell start away , then turn back . cordell ... then we will not need to tether miss starl as we lure . verger that operation have begin . be we God , that we would meddle with it ...? no , on the other hand ... int opera house night . starling , dressed in finery . she be watching a western ballet a LA agnes do mille , the dancers be dressed in cowboy garb . next to her we see a very fat woman asleep . behind the old wonan two operagoer be whispering there displeasure . starling exchange a look with her date . we do not see he , only her across he shoulder . she look down . angle her Pov on the floor we see her feet and he feet in cowboy boot . starling bend down and retrieve a badge case , she open it in the insert and reveal it be a watchman' badge with a hole in it , she hand the badge to the man , we see he hold , on he lap , a western hat , with a bullethole in the crown . operagoer how can she sleep at a time like this ? how can she ... dissolve to : int swat van we see the swat cop we saw in the first sequence . they be stuffeo into a van in full assault gear . one of the cop be talking about somethng just out of shot . tape to the wall of the van be a large grainy blowup of evelda drumgo . cop ... sleep at a time like this ...? brigham ( also in assault gear ) she 's rest . she 's conserve she strength , perhaps you should do the same . we see he be talking about starling who be , indeed , asleep , sitting in the van . team leader stand by . brigham nudge starling , who wake up . angle ext the van . it be pulling up outside a fish market , alongsioe the river . vrrious worker be hosing down the fish on ice . we see the van , a US postal service van , coming around the corner . angle int the van . team leader ( cont would ) ... starl ... he defer to her , she move to the CENTER of the crowded van and peek through the periscope . angle her Pov the scene just see from outside the van . a lowrider car pulling up . starling yeah , it look clear outside the ... wait a moment ..... we get ... it 's a gunship ... brigham nudge her aside and look through the eyepiece of the periscope . he hold a short conversation with a walkie talkie . brigham brigham . go. ( pause ) affirmative . ( pause ) okay , happiness be a Green Light . we have get evelda in the kitchen , cooking . the dope 's d.e.a . ( he nods to one of the men in the van . ) we want she on interstate transportation of some firecracker . starl : you have get drumgo , you know she from before . starling I know she by the back . brigham ... this guy will back you up . officer we be gonna be you couch potato . starling pray that it may be so . she will fight . last time , she have a nine mile , three magazine , mace in she purse , a razor round she neck , and a shank in she hair . she will walk over you , you give she a chance . I be gonna asker to give it up , she balk , I want some real help . nevermind watch my back , I want some weight on she . officer you get it . technician we have get some action , come out of the building . starling I do not want you huskies stand and around , watch we mud wrestling .... drurngo be HIV positive , and I do not wanna be in there , swap spit with she ... angle . on the river . a boat , cruising . a swat officer be talking on a walkie . swat officer I have get you , three hundred yard from the Factory . we be go in the back door . he look out . angle , he Pov . various SMALL fish factory shed , and we see the phone van , moving slowly , between they . angle in the van . starling move to the back . she be observing the streetscene through the smoked glass in the rear of the van . swat officer ( cont would ) ...how we look back there ? angle , starling's Pov the fish stall , a worker , hosing down the iced fish . we see a SMALL metal door , in the side of the build OPEN , and a heavyset man come out , carrying a basket in he arm . starling head up ! angle , starling's Pov . he be followed by another man , carrying a raincoat , and we see a glimpse of a woman behind they . brigham ( on the radio ) Strike one to all unit ; evelda drumgo 's come out behind two shooter . showdown showdown showdown . put they on the ground , as quietly as we can . Boat 's due in thirty second , let 's do it . angle ext the van . the swat team come out , LED by starling . evelda step from between the two men . angle , on starling , as she advance . we see brigham behind her . brigham ( cont would ) ... make sure you ... starling move away from brigham , toward evelda and her goons as starling advance we see evelda beyond her , and that she carry a baby in a sling , in her arm . starling ( to the men behind her ) wait wait wait ! starling carefully holsters her pistol and raise her hand . starling ( cont would ) evelda ! give it up ! come to I , baby ! ( out of the side of her mouth , to the men behind her . ) ... give she a place to go ... give she a place to go .... come on evelda . nothing to it . I swear to god . we hear a squeal of tire . angle xcu on starling , as her face screws up , and her head turn fractionally toward the direction of the SOUND . starling ( cont would ) ev ... starling be eye grow very wide . angle her Pov . evelda have produced a SMALL smg from behind her babysling , and be spraying the STREET . angle , on starling , as she look around . brigham fall , hit , by her side . and several other swat member begin running for cover . the man with the raincoat drop it , to reveal a sawed off shotgun . he fire at starling . she goe down in the STREET . angle on starling in the STREET . as she pick herself up from the pavement , and crawl toward the safety of a parked car . a cadillac sedan be coming down the STREET , the same apache style shooter we saw previously be shoot over the roof , at the police . the car screech into a fishtail , and evelda , still shoot , get into the backseat . the car burn rubber , try to accelerate . starling emerge from her cover and fire at the car . the windshield spatter , and a tire blows out . the car crash into a fish stall . SOUND of a helicopter . two shooter try to slither out of the crushed car . starling , advancing toward they , shoot they both . angle , her Pov . evelda , and the baby , in the backseat . the baby crying . starling advance on they . starling ( cont would ) ( to the cop ) security security ! watch the fish house door behind I . get my back . evelda . evelda . put you hand out of the window . angle on brigham , on the ground . twitching . he be shaking he head , day . starling ( cont would ) evelda . show I you hand . come on . please . show I you hand . angle , on evelda . evelda well , it 's you , chile . it 's my friend the orphan ... starling give it up , evelda . evelda you say you din ' have no friend -- but I be you friend -- I understand you .... starling think about the baby ... show I you hand .... evelda ? show I you hand ... evelda f'that 's the thing to do ... she withdraws a hand from the babysling , showing a SMALL pistol , which she level at starling . angle on starling as she fire at evelda . she run forward , and take the scream baby from evelda's arm . the baby be cover in blood . starling run to the still running hose which the fish worker dropped , and sluice down the baby . SOUND of helicopter . angle on starling , as she look up . angle her Pov . the helicopter show a cameraman hanging out of the door on a sling , and the logo wctu , tv 10 . angle a television screen , showing the shot from the helicopter . screen bear the SMALL logo , supere in the lower right corner : tv 10 , news live . we see , from above , starling , hosing down the baby , and walking into the middle of the STREET . we hear the SOUND of a ambulance , and the helo shot shift to a ambulance scream around the corner . angle back on the STREET . starling , holding the baby , be walking through the scene of the carnage . she sees brigham , raising himself to a elbow , and he mouth , " I 'm alright ... " starling walk on , past the car , with the dead body . paramedics come out of the stop ambulance , and one of they take the infant from the day starling . starling help brigham to he feet . he stand woozily , he begins to unbuckle the kevlar protective vest he wear . brigham I ... starling what , what , I can not hear you ... brigham be you alright ...? they be scream over the SOUND of the helicopter . starling I almost shot the baby ... brigham who call the tv crews ...? angle on starling , stand in the middle of the STREET . brigham call another cop over . brigham ( cont would ) sergeant ... a officer , followed by another , come up to brigham . the three advance toward the scene at the parked car . starling turn toward they . starling Security !!! we see the second officer pick up the shotgun from the arm of the " raincoat " man . brigham ( turning back , to respond to starling , he draw he hand across he throat ) they be dead ... standdown , it 's alr ... angle on the officer picking up the shotgun . it discharge . angle on brigham , as he fall , fell by the shotgun blast . angle on starling , as she turn , to look at the scene , of the dying brigham . she start to take a step toward he , and stop . she look up at the helicopter . angle the tv image , with the logo on it , we see it zoom in on starling looking up , she then walk , dazedly , toward the obviously dead brigman , and sit , several feet from he . we see several officer coming forward toward her . verger ( vo ) ... you forget to cancel the plan . angle we see the television be in verger' room , and we be shoot over verger' form , we see the back of he head , and , beyond he , cordell . cordell ...sir ...? verger waal , nobody 's perfect ... what do we hear from we songbird in Switzerland ? int swiss lawyer' office day . a jolly fat swiss banker , smiling , a lovely heidi - esque mountain scene visible in the window behind he . angle on pazzi , stand in front of a vault . the vault be full of currency ... a SMALL clerktype , be finishing filling up a SMALL valise with currency . he glance at the fat banker , and nods . the fat banker come forward , and motion at the bag . banker one hundred thousand dollar , signori . the remainder of the three million . ( he motion to the vault ) upon the person-in-question 's apprehension . would you prefer a cheque ...? angle , on pazzi , grinning at the money . pazzi no , no thank you , I ... pazzi glance back toward the door , close on the vault . pazzi ( cont would ) ... and the remainder , you say . ..? banker after you have , in the word of we friend , the Americans , put he on the Spot . pazzi but be that necessary ... banker ( shrug ) it be necessary , if you wish the remainder of the money . ( he nods to he clerk , who close the door on the vault ) shall we drive you to the airport ...? pazzi ( still looking at the close vault , shyly ) I ... I think I would do some shopping ... int florence operahouse night . applause be dying out , the curtain be falling , spectator be stand to leave . in the house , head turn at the sight of a very beautiful woman . it be mme pazzi in a couture dress , and jewel backing . she be accompanied by pazzi , who be draping her shoulder in a furcoat . pazzi bow this way and that , to admiring couple , as they make there way up the aisle . mrs . pazzi ( to pazzi ) ...how can I thank you ? pazzi ask I when we get home . mrs . pazzi oh , my program ... pazzi turn back , he be walking against the PRESS of exiting operagoer , and be having difficulty . angle on dr . fell , who be walking toward he . fell ah , commendatore ... you , too , admire mozart . pazzi ( pause ) who do not ? fell if such there breathe , I be sure you could unearth he ... ( pause ) you reputation do you honor . ( pause ) pazzi I have leave my program ... fell take mine . ( he hand he program to pazzi , and they start up the aisle ) ah. and be that you wife ... ( they gain the side of mme . pazzi . ) signora . ( he bend to kiss her hand ) can it be that you be lovelier , even , than at we last encounter ...? mrs . pazzi my mother tell I to ignore the blandishment of charming man . fell then , she , herself , possess some knowledge of the Greater World ... how pleased be I to see you look so well ... pazzi be call away , by a exiting operagoer , and he leave reluctantly , looking back , with apprehension , at fell and he wife . the two , chatting , join he . fell ( cont would ) commendatore , you wife tell I you be take she away on vacation . pazzi ... long overdue . fell ( as they exit , onto the STREET in front of the opera , and many car and limo , pulling up to receive the exiting , ET cetera . ) back to America ...? ( pause ) ( while pazzi look on with consternation ) when first we meet you would just return from America . mrs . pazzi how wonderful of you , to hold that information in you busy mind ... fell ...how so ? mrs . pazzi ... you tell I you be study for you examination by the studiolo ... fell and how good of you to remember it . then , this trip , then , be not a return to America ... mrs . pazzi no , this be pleasure ... fell and what be the trip before ...? mrs . pazzi that , that be business ... pazzi tries to maneuver he wife away from fell . camera take they around a corner , to a " no parking , loading zone , " sign , in which we see a police sedan , and one of pazzi be men . he be wearing the gimme hat pazzi bring back from the states . angle on fell , as he look over at the driver . angle he Pov . the hat , " FBI INTERNATIONAL police academy , quantico virginia . " the drier take off the hat , and open the door to the sedan for the pazzis . angle , on fell , as he take he leave . fell Business . yes . how much better . to travel for the pure enjoyment of the thing , of the variety of the world .... yes ... ( pause ) just to get away . ( pause ) I be surprised they can spare you , in the midst of you investigation . ( pause , pazzi look back ) of the disappearance of my predecessor ... angle , as mrs . pazzi pull pazzi into the car . mrs . pazzi ( whispering to he ) take I home and make love to I ... angle , on fell , as pazzi wave to he , through the car window glass , and the car pull away , leaving fell stand in the alleyway . beat . he nods , as if confirming something to himself . he start back out of the alleyway , into the PRESS of humanity . man' voice ( vo ) time to get something to eat ... angle xcu on fell , as he look after the departing car . fell ( to himself ) yes , quite ... angle , the man speak turn , and be startled to see fell . man I beg you pardon . fell you suggest it be time to get something good to eat . man I think that you be ... ( he sees another man approaching he ) ah ! where shall we eat ...? ( the two walk off ) fell ( to himself ) ... where shall we eat . and what shall we eat . int pazii' apartment . half see , through a panning shot of a halfopen door , pazzi and he wife making love . we hear pazzi calling : pazzi ... Laura ... Laura ... Laura ... angle on fell , in the shadow , as he close the front door soundlessly behind he . he stand for a moment , looking , camera then take he into the apartment where he find the kitchen . int the kitchen , fell take a knife from a maple block , tries its edge , replace it , take out a cleaver , and nods . he look above , and take down a copper saucepan from the pot rack . he open the refrigerator , glance briefly inside , and nods , in satisfaction , and close it . he pick up a dishtowel , tries it between he hand , testing its strength . he put it down , dissatisfied . he begins to prowl through the apartment , he pass another half OPEN door , and we see pazzi and he wife , half glimpsed , beyond , fell move into a SMALL study . angle the back of the desk chair , hold a man' sportcoat , and a tie . fell move toward the chair , put he cleaver down on the desk , and tries the tie between he hand , testing he strength . he nods , satisfied , and pick up the cleaner . angle INS the cleaner , which be laying on top of the file regarding the disappearance of dottore fanelli , beneath it , half cover , be the FBI logo . we see fell hand raise the first file , to look at the second , and we read : " FBI report , the psychopathology , etc , of hannibal lechter . " angle cu . on fell , as he nods to himself , he then look down at something else . angle he Pov . a scarf , peeping out of the half -open desk drawer . angle INS . fell hand draw out the scarf . nestle in the scarf be the photo of pazzi in front of the wanted poster . angle on fell , as he look at the picture . he then begins to peer very closely at it . he pick up the magnifying glass from the desk , and we see , in a huge insert , that he be moving the magnifying glass to attempt to make out the figure reflected in the glass covering the wanted poster , id , the figure of the photographer , be starling . angle xcu INS the just see outline of starling , holding the camera . angle fell , looking at the photo . he then glance at the scarf , pick be up , and , questioningly , sniff it once , and then again . he hold the scarf to he face . he rub it between he hand , and smell he hand . angle pazzi bedroom . mrs . pazzi ... and then , we be go to Greece ... pazzi yes , but the important thing , as I have say ... mrs . pazzi ... get I a cigarette . pazzi get up from the bed , and wrap himself in a sheet , and proceeds into the study . pazzi the essential thing . the essential thing , be that we must be absolutely quiet about ... he pull OPEN the desk drawer , and take out a pack of cigarettes . he look wonderingly , at the drawer , beat . he shrug , he be about to start back into the bedroom , he glance at the curtain , blowing in the OPEN window , hesitate . mrs . pazzi ... what be it ? he look into the desk , shake he head . beat . and then return into the bedroom . mrs. pazzi ( cont would ) ... you have forget the cigarettes . pazzi turn , and look back toward the OPEN window , and the blowing shade . ext florentine park night . a young woman walk past the camera . she take US to fell , who be sitting across from the statue of the lion and the bird , he be picking he teeth , and , very delicately , take out a scarf , and wipe he mouth . we see it be the scarf which he stole from pazzi , he take out the photograph of the wanted poster , and look at it , as he walk through the park . camera take he out of the park , past the young woman , who , we see , have return to a stroller , which be empty , she be talking to a uniformed policeman , and gesture , " about this high ... " showing the height of her child . he and the woman start looking in the bushes . angle on fell , leaving the park , he walk past a appliance store , in the window of which we see , ten silent tv screen , and a talking head announcer . the scene shift to the helicopter footage of starling . we see photo displayed of starling , next to the people she shot in the shootout , and a visbo proclaim , " killer of five , the death angel : clarice starling . " ext starling's house , day . starling , mapp , and jim , mapp' boyfriend , be coming out of the house with crawford , escorted toward several car of what be obviously a funeral cortege . a sedan pull up , and krendler get out . krendler I come to pay my ... starling ... get outta my way , you sonofabitch ... krendler I realize , you be under a lot of .... starling you put my friend in the ground , with you mickeymouse taskforce ... izsat the kind of headline that preserve and promote , you , sir ? she start pushing he , and camera pan , to a group of newsvan , cordoned off , around the corner , and held in BAY by various police . starling be be subdue by crawford ET al . starling ( cont would ) ( as she push at krendler ) izzat the kind of publicity will aid we run for Congress ? you swine , you ... krendler ( shrieking at her ) you be out she 's out ... she be be docile , and LED away . krendler ( cont would ) ( shout after her ) you country cornpone bitch --hey , you trailer trash bitch , you still look for you daddy , beat you up , to show he love you ? angle . on starling , stand by the line of car . she sees something , and turn . angle xcu starling as she look . krendler continue he harangue . angle her Pov . on the rear deck of a car , a stetson hat , with a bullet through it , and a old square policebadge , with a bullethole through it . krendler ( cont would ) ( vo ) look for you daddy , fuck you and mark you up , a ... angle on starling , as she blink , and shake her head to clear it . the sedan drive off , as she strain to look after it . krendler ( cont would ) well , here I be , you ... starling shake her head again , find herself facing krendler , and punch he in the stomach . krendler goe down . starling be subdue by her comforter . she strain to look after the departing car . int verger' room . on the tv starling , be pulled off of krendler . angle , over verger , onto cordell . verger quod videt monumentum , circumspice . need I translate ? cordell if you would see he monument , look around you . verger show I the Pigs . the videoscreen change , to show the pig , attacking the dummy man . cordell telephone call . from Switzerland , sir . verger converse in german , with the swiss . he be told that they can have a date , and that a package will be coming he way soon . angle . on verger , looking at the pig . ext florentine palazzo . night . pazzi , walking down the STREET . nervously adjust he scarf . angle a brigand , lounging by a van , nods imperceptibly , at pazzi , who continue walking . the brigand goe into the back of the van . angle int the van . there be another brigand inside . there be several firearm in a rack , and a hospital gurney with heavy restraint . the second brigand be loading a odd looking shoulder weapon . second brigand I hit he with the beanbag gun , you stand by : he 's still flopping ... the first brigand nods , and take a capped hypodermic syringe from the second man . second brigand ( cont would ) just make sure he 's alive , because I have already spend the bonus ... the fruit man nods to the second , and we see pazzi proceeding up the stair into the palazzo . int a salon at the palazzo , night . a worker be moving a floor polisher across the marble floor of the salon , in a anteroom beyond we hear fell lecture . the worker nods differentially , at someone off screen . we see he have nodded at pazzi , who take US to the door of the salon . he wipe he hand nervously , he mop he brow , he look at he watch . he look into the salon . angle he Pov fell , in front of a lectern . a slide machine be showing a painting of a hanged figure on a huge dripcloth at the back of the salon . angle , on pazzi , as he move to the side , Ie , out of the doorway to the salon , he glance over he shoulder , to make sure he be out of the sight of the workman with the floor polisher . he sees the workman turn the polisher off and begin coiling the long electric cord . pazzi take a SMALL flat automatic from a hip holster . check the chamber , and slip it into he jacket pocket . he proceeds back to the doorway , where we and he see fell , beyond , lecture to a company of six men , in the salon . fell ( lecture ) della vigna be disgrace and blind for he betrayal of he emperor 's trust - - through avarice . avarice and hang ( he gesture to the painting ) be link in the ancient and the madeadeval mind . angle on pazzi , as hannibal ( fell ) speak , he move to a window , and wipe he hand again , and we see he look down at the van in the STREET , and wipe he hand , much of this speech plays as voice - over as he doe so . fell ( cont would ) juda and pier della vigna be link in Dante by the avarice he see in they , and they subsequent death by hang . ah commendatore pazzi ... angle on fell , as he speak to pazzi , half - see in the doorway . fell ( cont would ) you be welcome . since you be close to the door , would you close the door , to improve the quality of the image . ( pazzi doe so ) you will be interested in this , commandatore , as there be two pazzi 's already in Dante 's inferno ... angle on fell , as he walk forward , between the chair of the six old men ( the studiolo ) who sit listening to he lecture . a few take note . fell ( cont would ) ( to the old men ) camicion de pazzi , as you know , murder a kinsman , and rest in hell await the arrival of a second pazzi . but it 's not you : it 's carlino , who will rest forever in hell for the crime of treachery . angle xcu , on fell , looking at pazzi . angle on pazzi , under the withering stare . beat . fell ( cont would ) ( as he continue back to he lectern ) avarice , and hanging , then . ( he gesture to the photograph of the painting ) on the next occasion , you might like to discuss the matter of chew . chew in Dante : Count ugolino , chew the back of the archbishop 's head -- Satan , with he three face , chew juda , brutus , and cassius ... all three traitor . be it not ? thank you all for you kind attention . the scholar applaud he , two stand , and take he by the hand . angle on pazzi at the door . he open the door , and the old men of the studiolo exit , chatter happily about the lecture . fell come out , the last of the salon . fell ( cont would ) would you say that I have preserve my job , commendatore ? pazzi I be not a scholar , dottore . but it seem as if they , as if they ... fell yes , I think I amused they . to what do I owe ...? pazzi I require ... fell ... yes , yes , yes ... he follows fell back into the room , where fell begins putting away he material in the d1rty salon . fell ( cont would ) ... the effect of my predecessor . pazzi I would like to walk home with you , and ... fell yes , of course , and we will collect they . I will not be a minute ... angle on pazzi as he walk up toward fell . he put he hand in the jacket pocket . angle INS the hand , see through the cloth , gripping the automatic pistol . angle on fell , as he begins to pack up the slide projector , and then hesitate . fell ( cont would ) ah , no . I should have show they this one .. ( he take out a slide and put it in the projector ) this one will interest you : let I see if I can improve the focus ... we see the image of a hanged man appear on the dropcloth . there be a plaque draped around the neck of the hanged man . fell ( cont 'd ) can you make it out , can you make out the name on the plaque ? fell walk up to the image displayed on the dropcloth , pazzi walk behind he . fell ( cont would ) ( looking at the image ) it say pazzi . pazzi . and a rude , a very rude poem , this be you ancestor . francesco , hang outside the palazzio vecchio . outside this very window . he turn and fix pazzi with he gaze . angle , fell , he face see in the dark , in the beam of the slide projector . hold . fell ( cont would ) on a related subject signor pazzi , I must confess to you : I be give serious think to eat you wife . fell jerk the drop cloth down over the two of they . angle xcu , on pazzi be face as he sees the cloth coming down . angle INS he hand , go into he pocket , as he tries to bring out the pistol . angle on the face of fell , as he advance , under the cloth , on pazzi , fell take a SMALL sponge and a bottle from he pocket , and dump liquid from the bottle onto the sponge , and grab pazzi by the hair , put he into a chokehold , and hold the sponge to pazii' face . angle ext , the drop cloth , as we see the effect of the struggle , and hear the SMALL pistol go off . angle ext the palazzo . the last member of the studiolo , coming out , a workman follows he , and begins locking the door . angle on the brigands , at there van , they look at each other , one check he watch . angle int the salon . the floor polisher . moving , as if of its own volition , across the floor . angle on pazzi , tied to the podium , he mouth gag . angle on lechter , as he coil up the long orange cord of the floor polisher , drawing it toward he . fell ( cont would ) yes. you wife. Laura . l'orange , which be the topnote of she skin , would not you say ? or do I grow too personal ? but that be what I think of , when I think of she . and how could I but think of she ? I have not have a bit all day . the kidney and the liver would be su1table for a dinner tonight . but the rest of the meat should hang for a week , in this cool condition . would not you say ? nod once for yes . ( pause ) if you tell I what I need to know , then it would be convenient for I to leave without my meal . and Mrs. pazzi will remain unscathed . I will out the question to you , and we will see : I see at the theatre you have betrayed I . and , when the police do not come , it be clear you have sell I out . be it to mason verger ? blink one for yes . angle on pazzi . beat . then he blink once . fell ( cont would ) thank you . and now : be he hit man wait outside ? ( pazzi blink once ) be that a single blink ? yes . thank you . fell finishes he coiling of the rope , and we see he have fashioned a hangman' noose . fell take out a stiletto , and it open . he advance toward pazzi , who tries to recoil . fell ( cont would ) no , no . I be go to take the tape off . please do not scream . do you think you can keep from scream ? ( he take the tape off ) ... would it help if I be to cut you bowel out ...? we see he make a swipe and hear pazzi start to scream . from outside the window of the salon , we see pazzi , tape to the podium , be impell , scream , toward the window . angle on the lighted piazza of the palazzo , tourist look up at the scream . beat . angle xcu , on the contorted face of pazzi , looking down , a orange noose around he neck , as the podium tilt through the OPEN window . angle the two brigands at the van . reaction to the SOUND of the scream , run around the corner . they look up to see pazzi , still tape to the podium , hanging by the orange cord . angle , on the villain , stand underneath , as gout of blood fall on they . brigand one ... cover the backdoor . if he come out , kill he . brigand two ... the bonus be for ... brigand one kill he , and cut he . he run to the front of the palazzo , holding he shoulder arm down alongside he side . he run past the locked front door , and toward a alleyway . we hear the siren of police car . brigand one slow he walk , and proceeds into the alleyway . he sees a SMALL door , in the side of the palazzo , and a light beyond . angle int the door . a SMALL staircase . the brigand enter , he look up . we hear the SOUND of rapidly descending footstep . the brigand mount the step , holding he rifle before he . the SOUND of the footstep continue . on the second floor , the brigand shelter himself in a room , off the landing . the SOUND of the descending footstep continue . angle on the brigand , hiding behind the door . then he turn he head . angle , he Pov . we be in a laundry room . the SOUND of the footstep be , in fact , a clothesdryer . in its glass door in the side , we see a man' shoe go around . angle the brigand , as he look , then to the side . angle , he Pov , in the side of the room , the legs of a dead man protrude from a clothes hamper , he wear only one shoe . angle xcu on the brigand , as he turn . angle over he we see hannibal , smiling , as he advance . angle on the stiletto , as it enter the brigand's belly . angle ext the palazzo . several cop car pulling up , a ambulance , a newstruck . a boy on a moto . hannibal Young man ... the boy turn . hannibal be stand next to he . hannibal ( cont would ) Young man , I be desperate . if I be not at the piazza bellosguardo in ten minute , it be the end of marriage . ( he hand a bundle of note toward the boy ) do you think you could help I ....? angle in the piazza , the body of pazzi be be lowered , in the bg we see hannibal , riding on the back of the moto , and away . int verger' room , night . a SMALL child be eating popcorn out of a crockery BOWL . we see he face , smiling , in the glow of a television . angle over verger and the child . verger ...how do you like it ? child it 's real funny . cordell come up holding a phone . beat . verger tell I the good news . cordell he escape ... verger have the child take to bed . child I wanna see more ... cordell push a button on he console , and we see , on the video , monitor , a nurse leaving the hallway and entering verger' room . as cordell take the child to her we see that verger and the child have be watching the pig attack the man - size dummy , which they now do with alacrity . cordell what do you want I to do ? verger follow starl , stake out starl . increase the pressure on starl . he will come to she . int starling's home day . starling be sitting , affectless , in front of a full cup of coffee at her kitchen table . crawford sit opposite her . crawford and I bring this for you ... starling what be it ? he produce a shoebox , she open it , it contain various memorabilia of brigham . a photo of he in the army , two service pistol , he badge . crawford out of John brigharn 's locker ... she nods . crawford ( cont would ) waal ... starling I know you do what you could . he shrug . she start to walk her out . crawford I be go to work for you reinstatement ... starling reinstatement to what ? there be not nobody there ... he open the door , and they be assaulted by flashbulb , and a scad of newspeople , who have broken the bond , and be pushing her up to the front door . newsie starl , agent starl : what do you have to say to the New accusation ...? starling New ...? newsie you have be accuse of ... angle , television set , TRAVEL office day . it show starling , be hound by the newsies . newsie ( cont would ) ... leak information to the Press , which result in the botch ... angle , the stricken face of starling . second newsie agent starl : what be you reaction to you indictment ...? brigham ... indictment ...? second newsie the district attorney today ... starling and crawford look at each other . he shepherd her back into the house . angle a disguise hannibal lechter , got up as a retiree , be sitting in a english TRAVEL agent office . poster of tour on the wall , a sign reading ' brittour . ' a old TRAVEL agent be filling out form . TRAVEL agent majorca , Greece .... oh , aaand Turkey .... Mr. bate , you be treat yourself to a holiday you will remember for ... she look up , to see hannibal , looking at the television . angle he Pov the stricken face of starling , as she be shephearded back into her house . a talking head come on and speak with a british accent . talking head of the american FBI agent , clarice starl , show here , in she dramatic gun battle , last week , with ... the footage come on of the gun battle . TRAVEL agent Mr. bate ...? Mr. bate ...? talking head dismiss from the FBI , she , it seem , be under criminal indictment for ... angle on hannibal , as he turn back . hannibal could I , do you believe , change my destination ...? TRAVEL agent well ... well ... what do you have in mind ...? int FBI headquarters day . crawford and krendler both looking at CNN . CNN newsie ( as we see another replay of the shootout ) ... criminal indictment .... in quite a surprising move , against agent , that be , former agent ... angle on crawford , as he look at krendler , snort in disgust , and walk away . int verger' room , day . SOUND of a ringing phone . cordell come over and hook it up for verger cordell ... it 's the f.b.i . verger yes. good . no . he will come . he will come . do not let up on we angel starl . no. now you must keep a constant watch on she . use you toy --a transmitter in she car , a .... keep she in you sight ... do not let up , and he will come back for the wounded bird . ( pause ) he will find a way . angle . he Pov . the television set . a wild boar thrashing himself against he bar . angle , on another screen , the scene from a wider angle , we see he keeper , holding a slab of RAW meat , and waving it at the boar , just beyond the bar . the boar throws himself against the bar , and the man recoil , and retire with the meat . int jetliner tourist section night . a fat man wearing a brittour button , come down the aisle , holding a plastic cup full of Beer . he move slowly through the full aisle , some passengers stand , chatting the other up . the stewardess , distribute minute plastic container of food . hold on he button , which he walk into close up . it read : brittour , CANADA , US , mexico , peru ! hi . my name be phil ! angle on a young woman asleep , a baby at her breast . the stewardess come by offering the sandwiches , she be shhhshed by the old man sitting next to the young mother , he indicate " she be sleeping , " she offer the sandwiches to the man ( dr . lechter ) and he decline . the distracted stewardess pass he one in any case . he take it , and put it next to a magazine he be reading . he sigh , he turn out he light , and pull down the shade . leaning over the sleeping form of a young boy who have the window seat . hannibal reach out he TRAVEL bag from under he seat , and remove a half - bottle of wine , and a tin of pate . he look around to see he be unobserved . he look back . angle INS . the young boy have shifted , and he arm lie across the tin of pate . hannibal be hand pick up the young boy' arm . angle xcu . hannibal looking at the arm . angle he Pov . he hand , circle the skinny arm . int bombed out build day -- see through a snowy window . a young tatter girl , her arm held by a vast soviet soldier , in a filthy uniform . he nods to a group of five of the comrade , who be stand around a FIRE , made in the corner of the build . one man enter bear wood , and stack it next to the FIRE , he smile over at the girl and lick he lip . the man holding the girl extract a very worn and shiny bayonet from he belt scabbard , and start dragging the girl away . SOUND of scream . angle ext the burntout build . a young boy , in the shadow , shivering , watching the scene . angle he Pov . the soldier , leading the young girl off , sound of scream . young girl let go , let go , let go . angle on hannibal in the plane . the woman next to he be hissing : young mother what be you do to my son ? let he go ! the stewardess come up . young mother he 's ... what be he do to my son ? hannibal I beg you pardon , Madame , I be replace he ... he move to put the boy arm back , and he eye meet the boy 's. angle , the boy , cu staring at hannibal . angle cu . hannibal , staring at the boy . hannibal ( cont would ) ( to the two women ) I be try ... stewardess ...he be try not to wake he . hannibal I beg you pardon , if I cause you any consternation . the woman give he a " don't do it again , " look , and turn back to her now bawling infant . hannibal turn back to look at the somber boy . beat . of he delicacie . hannibal ( cont would ) ... would you like some ...? he start to OPEN the tin . angle on the boy , who look at the tin , and then over at he mother . hannibal ( cont would ) ( as he interpret the boy' look ) you mother would disapprove . of you take food from a stranger . ( pause . the boy nods ) ah . but she 's asleep .. ( the boy sees the logic of the argument , and smile . hannibal begins to OPEN the tin . ) ( as he leans in toward the boy , conspiratorially ) and it 's important , as I be sure she 's say , to eat New thing ! xcu on hannibal smiling at the child hannibal ( cont would ) ( to himself ) so important ... ext . farm area . verger estate . day . the romping kide , playing with the goat . camera goe with cordell , who wave at the child and the nurse . angle , a garage . a potatochip van . as cordell approach , two men in potatochip delivery uniform descend from the van . cordell approach they , and hand they each a couple of sheet of paper . he converse with they , while the nurse and the kide and the goat frolic in the foreground . angle int the van . the two men , as they close the door , and start off . we see they as they pull out , we see cordell walking through the stable area . we see the van slide through the verger estate toward the old gatehouse . on the dashboard , one have spread one of the sheet of paper , and we see it be of starling , the next sheet in a old photo of hannibal . man one ... be easier if we just kill he . man two be easier on everyone but we ... the other man nods he agreement . ext . pig area day . two boar go insane at the advent of cordell . we see he through the stout bar of there enclosure . camera take he into the pigbarn , where the gentleman , there trainer , be see construct a new enemy . gentleman ( looking up at cordell ) it 's go to be long ...? cordell shrug gentleman ( cont would ) be go to be much longer , we should feed they ... cordell mmm . be it go to work ? the gentleman move to a tape player , and turn it on , and we hear a scream . he nods and turn it off . gentleman the problem , if it be : the tape be not the true scream , an' the dummy , of course , be not the true man . but . yes , yes , I think , be close enough .... cordell so : the two problem be : they should be feed , and they should practice on a real ... the gentleman turn he back on cordell and be moving the tape machine . angle on the gentleman , with cordell behind he . gentleman yes . you could say , that the two , the two prob ... angle xcu on the gentleman , as he turn to camera , looking at cordell , he open he mouth to scream . angle ext play area . the child with the goat , playing , we hear a brief , far off scream . two child look at each other , pause , shrug , and go back to there game . int starling ' S bedroom day . starling , dishevelled , sitting on her bed . in the dark room . she be looking at a photo of the texan and the little girl . angle , the shoebox , holding brigham's memorabilia , starling's hand drag it across the bed . angle on starling , as she take out brigham's credentials and badge holder . she look at he photo on the credentials . look at he photo in the marine , look at the photo of the texan and the little girl . she take brigham's usmc hatbadge , the eagle and fouled anchor , and look at it , and put it in her pocket . she take out brigham's service pistol , drop the mag , check the chamber . mapp ( vo ) sad day . starling ... what ...? mapp not not that sad . angle on starling , looking at mapp , who have just entered the room . mapp ( cont would ) Problem with suicide , y'know what they say ? starling no . mapp every suicide kill two . starling yeah . well . they be a talkative buncha commentator . mapp you get a lot of people love you , starl . starling trouble be , they all seem to die . mapp y'want to gimme brigham 's pistol ? starling what would you guess , ardelia ? mapp you goin to shoot yourself ? ( pause ) mapp shrug , get up , goe to the door , turn back . mapp do not shoot yourself . starling why ? mapp Cause I be tired , clean up after you . ( starling give a wan grin ) why dontcha gimme the gun ? starling shake her head . mapp ( cont would ) gimme the round ... starling thinks , hand her the magazine and the spare round . mapp ( cont would ) why n'tcha go see that headshrinker nobody know you be see ...? not you make she earn she keep ... starling sigh , and rise from the bed . mapp ( cont would ) ( exiting .} ... you brush you hair first ... ext starling's apartment build day starling exit , the STREET be quiet , across the STREET . a old man be finishing loading he old push -mower onto the back of a truck . starling walk to her car , and get in . angle int the potatochip van . the two men in front . one nods to the other , they take off , moving past the old lawncare man and he truck . int psychiatrist's office day . the BOX of tissue . a hand take a tissue . angle starling , having taken the tissue , sitting across from the kindly old psychiatrist . psychiatrist ( checking her notes} ... the dream of you Father . starling dab her eye with the tissue . shake her head . psychiatrist ( cont would ) well , you be a courageous woman . have courage , and tell I . starling he be shot ... he be shot . on he round . and ... and ... psychiatrist that 's when you go to the orphanage ... ext psychiatrist's office . parking lot day . starling's car . the lawnmower man' truck pull up next to it . we see the old man hobble out , and proceed to starling's traversed door , he take out a pick and pick the lock . angle int the car . we see that it be lechter . he put he face on the leather -covered steeringwheel , and smell the aroma . he smile . he take a SMALL package from the bosom of he overall . we see it be a bunch of violet . he take the scarf off he neck , and wrap they around the violet , and place the bouquet on the dashboard . he sit in the car . he get out , and we see he go to the tailbed of he truck and begin to remove the lawnmower . int psychiatrist's office day . starling , a tissue to her face . starling and all he leave we : the country bring back he hat , and he badge ... both with a bullethole in they . a ' that 's what he leave we . that 's what I say . psychiatrist and you have be dream ... dream about this hat , and ... starling ( wave her off , as if this be not the important point ) and . I always say , he be a p'lice officer . psychiatrist ...yes ...? starling but . he be a night watchman . that 's what he be . not they bring back , he hat , he badge , a he timeclock . ( she laugh ) n'then they take I off . ( the psychiatrist make a note ) I see ... I see . clear as day , do you , do they call it a delusion ? his hat a he badge . clear as day , bullethole and all . psychiatrist when ? starling but they be not there . yesterday . be that call a delusion ...? she start to cry . the phone ring . the psychiatrist pick it up . starling ( cont would ) b'cause , you know , whatever it be , I can not take it anymore ... psychiatrist ( covering the phone ) I be sorry . I will have to take this in the other room . the psychiatrist exit , holding the phone . starling sit for a moment crying . she goe to the tissuebox on the psychiatrist's desk . she find it empty , she sees the edge of a new BOX in the deskdrawer . she open the drawer . angle in the drawer . a file on starling : marked ' talking point , ' and a photocopy of her father' badge with the hole through it . angle on starling , as she look from the file , and then proceeds to the door to the next room , which she open quietly . angle her Pov the psychiatrist on the phone . talking softly . psychiatrist ( cont would ) not too far from a complete breakdown . well , several thing would -- you have do the badge , I suggest ... the psychiatrist , sensing a presence , turn . she sees starling , and start to run out a exit door . angle , in the hall , starling pursuing the psychiatrist . angle ext the parkinglot . hannibal be mowing the grass , looking at the entrance to the psychiatrist's build , some hundre yard away . angle int the potatochip van . one of the men be talking on a walkie . man ... get she stake out . yeah , she 's still in with the ... we hear the buzz of the lawnmower . man ( cont would ) I say : she 's still in with the ... he speech be drowned out by the lawnmower . he turn to roll up he window , and sigh , and glare in the direction of the lawnmower man . angle he Pov . lechter , as he take off he hat to wipe the sweat from he eye . angle int the van . the potatochip man , staring at lechter , and then picking up the photo of lechter which be on he dashboard . man ( cont would ) ( into walkie ) one moment ... angle , ext the psychiatrist build day . starling catch up with the psychiatrist , she start to shake her . starling ... who pay you ... who ... angle on lechter , as he be watching the two . he sense something , and begins to turn . angle one of the potatochip abductor , sink to one knee , and raise a odd looking rifle , and fire . angle cu lechter , as he puss a SMALL red dart from he neck , and begins to slump . angle on starling , and the psychiatrist , as starling spot something over the older woman' shoulder . angle her Pov . two men , manhandling the fallen lawnmower man into the potatochip van . angle on starling , as she release the psychiatrist , who fall , starling advance toward the van . angle at the back of the van , lechter start to come to life . he kick out , as he be be put into the van , and dislodges a SMALL object on the floor . angle on one of the men , as he pull lechter off the floor of the van , and administers another shot . angle on lechter' feet , as they clear the back of the floor of the van , and the back gate come down on the van . a package of potatochip fall , dislodged by lechter . angle on starling , as she run toward the departing van , which peel out of the parkinglot . she be now stand by her car . she look into the car . angle , int the car . starling be hand , remove the bouquet , she remove her scarf . camera take her to the spot where the van stood . she look down at the asphalt . angle her Pov . the bag of potatochip . angle . on starling , as she bend down to retrieve the bag of chip . angle int convenience store day . the store front on the parkinglot , we see starling , her car beyond her , running into the store . starling ( cont would ) FBI where 's you phone ...? she goe behind the counter , pick up the phone and dial . starling ( cont would ) ( into phone ) mapp . get I ardelia mapp. well . get in touch with she . tell she ... convenience store operator ... could I see some i.d.? starling tell she that .... convenience store operator ... you be really go to need to show I some identification . we see the convenience store operator move toward a corner of he counter and the butt of a barely concealed pistol . angle , on starling . starling ..this be clarice starl .. ( pause ) ... this be not a personal message ... i... ( pause ) I ... she hang up the phone . angle int starling's room . day . insert , onto the bed , we see the BOX of memorabilia . we see starling produce the pistol , rummage in the bottom of the BOX , come up with a spare magazine , and seat it in the gun . angle , int . the kitchen of starling and mapp' apartment , we see the door close behind starling , and a note tape to the door . the note read : mapp . mason verger snatched lechter . i've gone after they . we hear the SOUND of the car engine starting up outside . int verger' room night . the child we saw earlier , still asleep on the sofa , he back to camera . verger ( vo ) yaaass ... rack focus to a previously out of focus tv screen in the foreground , where we see , angle INS a tv picture of a medical textbook , showing a multicolored plate , the anatomy of the feet . verger ( cont would ) yaas . turn the page , please ....? angle in the room , we see a mechanical contrivance turn the page . verger be in he bed . on another screen we see the pig , and cordell walking past they , and into the barn . angle int the barn . cordell walk past a camera , and nods to it . angle int the room . the same see on the tv screen . verger ( cont would ) .. and how be we prize ...? angle lechter , shackle to a beam of wood , two feet off the ground . eye close . cordell come up to he . he nods to the two potatochip men , who retire . cordell ... thank you ... ( to lechter ) and how be you this evening , Doctor ? no , we know that you be awake ... verger ( vo ) good evening , Dr. lechter . thank you for come . I be sorry that we could not meet under more pleasant circumstance . angle xcu on lechter , as he look up . angle he Pov , a SMALL tv camera set near the ceiling , its red light on . verger ( cont would ) ( vo ) but you will recall what the last time we meet , you drugge I , and induce I , in that state , to scrape my face off and feed it to the dog . did that divert you ? tell he what we be go to do to reciprocate !!! cordell ... the bad news be : we be go to stick you foot through that bar tomorrow , and feed they to we pig . verger ( vo ) thank you , cordell . lechter ( speak groggily ) ... but will that satisfy you ? verger why should you care ? lechter it be not that I care for you -- but that I poss a enquire mind . what will you do when I be go ? when you have nothing to occupy you thought , save the memory of you own folly , and , more to the point , stupidity . verger be you do ? lechter ( pause to think , then , as if surprised ) yes . verger you do not wish to beg ...? lechter would that add to you mirth ? verger explain in depth the plan we have for he . until tomorrow . angle on lechter , as he look up at the tv camera . as cordell speak , he remove a knife , and begins cutting away the legs of lechter' pant , removing he sock and shoe ET cetera . angle he Pov the light in the camera flip off . angle on lechter and cordell . lechter one would have think he would keep I under observation . to savor he triumph . cordell no , I think he proffer to spend he happy hour with he playmate . lechter ... young boy , still ...? cordell ... here 's to child abuse ! lechter mmm ... cordell ... and then , he will be come down . lechter you say the bad news ... cordell yes , I do . lechter I believe that you tone imply that there be some good news .... and , do you know ... there might be good news for you ... cordell oh , yes , what ? you would bribe I , to , to , to , " release " you ...? lechter I can make you rich . cordell and I expect you to . ( he leans closer to hannibal ) let 's talk like two medical man ( he produce a SMALL case , which hold two hypodermics ) lechter' head start to sway . cordell come on , stay with we . look here : I could get behind you , and give you a spinal , tomorrow , you wuunt feel anything down there , a l'il pull be all . n'i will tell you what , after he 's get he jolly , ten , f'teen minute , I will come down here , give you a shotta this ( he take a vial from he pocket ) stop you heart , a that 's you do , a there 's a end to it . what do you say ...? ( cordell remove a cellphone from he pocket ) I know you get lotsa money , evabody say so . I know how that stuff work , take it out , move it around ... ( lecher' head begins to drool ) ... stay with I now , fuss with it ... whatsay we call you banker now , tell he a code ... move that money to I , he confirm it , and I fix you up right now ... ( he hold up the syringe and squirt it ) whatsay ? lechter ( mumbling ) ..suitcase ...locker ... cordell come on , Doctor , then you can sleep ... lechter ( mumbling ) ... unmark hundred .... cordell .... what ...? ( he leans forward . from the back we see lechter' head come up and move to bit cordell ) angle ext the barn . a SOUND of scream , the two potatochip men run in gun drawn , to see cordell . holding he hand to he bloody face . man one ... you want I to shoot im ? cordell that 's the last think I want ... ( to lechter ) we other option be to beat you for a while , with this axe handle , here . I suppose this be what it feel like . angle one of the abductor ( the potatochip men ) goe to a console and turn on the SOUND of recorded scream . he look down at the pig who , hearing the scream , come to the side of the pen . he look back toward the direction of cordell , and lechter , and wince . he raise the axe handle and prepare to strike . int verger' room . the shape of verger on the bed . verger be see in the flicker of the tv screen . verger oh yes . oh , yes , come here ... come here ... up lad , when the journey 's over , they will be time enough for sleep ... we see the form rise from the bed , and rise and walk toward verger . verger ( cont 'd} yes . come here . for what good be Television , Educational as it may be , if it be not also entertaining ..... come -- have some popcorn ... we hear the SOUND of the axe handle hitting something . verger ( cont would ) ( to the tv ) make it last , make it last , for godsake , make it last .... do not " hurt " he ...! angle ext . country road , night . starling be car , coasting down the hill . the old gatehouse to verger' property , see in the moonlight . angle starling , moving through the moonlit night , through the wood . we see the mustang , behind her , cover with bough , in the wood , and beyond that , below her , the guardhouse . camera take her up to a barbedwire fence , camouflaged , with brush woven into it . a large tree stand next to the fence , with a bough running from the near side to the far side . angle , starling look at it , and smile . she walk forward , looking intently at the ground . angle , her Pov . a SMALL tripwire , suspended six inches off the ground , cover the area in front of the so - attractive tree . starling follows the tripwire down , parallel to the fence . she step over the tripwire and proceeds down , watching the fence , looking intently . she goe into a gully where we see that a runoff of a stream be eroding a hole underneath the barbedwire fence . angle , on starling , as she get down on the ground , take a stick and probe in the flow of water underneath the fence . she nods , satisfied , and begins to use the stick to enlarge the open under the fence . int verger ' S room . night . cordell ( cont would ) Mr. verger ...? verger I be awake . oh. be it time ! cordell start to push the gurneybed out of the room . verger ( cont would ) oh , yes , one wait so long , and then , and then ... almost by magic ... yes , proceed . please .... proceed ... cordell start to exit . camera sees the gurney bed , with verger on it , a SMALL couch , on which be a young boy , asleep , in front of a silent television , a BOWL of popcorn by he . ext the pigbarn . dawn . angle on starling , advancing from the wood , pistol in hand . she hear scream . she hesitate , then move closer . angle , her Pov . one of the abductor , teasing the pig , push a pair of stuffed dungarees through the enclosure . angle on starling , who turn her head . her Pov : at the MAIN house , by the potatochip van , the gurney emerge , wheeled by cordell . it move toward a forklift truck . angle at the gurney . cordell .. it will not be long now , sir ... verger ohforgodsake , get on with it . cordell move to the forklift , start it , and it move toward the gurney . angle on starling , as she watch the forklift gently pick up verger in the gurneybed . the SOUND of scream stop . she sees the abductor turn off the music , and retreat into the barn . angle starling , moving alongside the pig' enclosure . she move to a wall of the barn . angle her Pov in the barn . lechter , manacled and bound to a beam . she sees a abductor moving toward he . lowering he beam to the ground , and then moving off , into the tackroom , off . angle in the barn . starling burst into the tackroom . starling ( to the abductor ) on the ground , on the ground ... she move to he , as he comply , and remove handcuff , and cuff the man around a pole . he start to remonstrate , and she hit he on the head with her gunbutt . she exit the tackroom , and enter the barn and advance on the mauled and beaten form of lechter . lechter good morning , clarice . starling can you walk ? be you leg work ...? lechter perhaps ... shall we see ...? starling I be go to cut you loose . with all due respect , Doctor , if you fuck with I , I will shoot you dead , do you understand ...? do right and you will live through this . lechter speak like a Protestant . starling take out a knife , and begins to CUT the doctor loose . lechter ( cont would ) I will do the rest , if you give I the knife . she look over he shoulder , at the forklift coming down the hill . starling no , I do not think so . lechter have freed himself , and be chafing he limb to restore circulation . starling ( cont would ) ( as she point to the forklift ) I be go to subdue we friend , come down the hill , and I want you to cuff they , and to put they inside with the other fella ... my car be ( she gesture back at the wood ) lechter other fellow ? there should have be two of they ...? angle on the second abductor , in the loft of the barn , holding he dartgun . he fire . angle cu on starling , who extract a dart from her bicep . she look around , and fall , dazily . her pistol fall through the bar into the pigpen . angle on the man in the loft , as he reload , and sight on lechter , who be kneeling by starling . we see lechter pick up her pistol , and FIRE at the man in the loft . angle . the man in the loft , he fall against a railing , he drop he dartrifle . it drop into the pig' pen . he drop , dead , into the pig' pen . angle . on the pig , as they go wild , try to eat the rifle . angle on the forklift and the gurney , as it enter the barn . angle on cordell drive the forklift . verger what 's happen , would you please ...? angle on lechter , as he move to starling , and pull her away from the pigpen , he tries to reach through the bar for her pistol , but it be just out of reach . he look up . angle on verger and cordell , approaching lechter . cordell stop there , would you , please , Doctor ...? lechter the girl could use some help . verger you be free ... lechter ... which of we be free ...? verger yes , to cease to hope be the greatest crime . the greatest crime . perhaps the only crime . I never cease to hope ! lechter the girl need help . verger and what would be of Greater help , than to release she , from the bond of this sordid earthly existence . don 't you think ? in which the innocent be torture in way which would make the anguish of the damned seem tame and unimaginative , don't you think ? blind he again , and prepare he and her for the pig ! ( cordell , holding a gun , advance on lechter ) lechter ... might I make a suggestion ...? verger ... after you ' be dead . and when I give the word , do you understand ... when I give the word ... angle on lechter , be bound , and hoisted up , again , on the beam . cordell ... fraid , that 's about it , Doctor . lechter let the girl go . cordell why ? lechter for a consideration . cordell ' fraid it 's too late . verger ... when I ... ( pause ) cordell continue the final preparation of lechter . lechter ... what have she do to harm you ...? cordell yes , do you know , you be right ... ( he pause ) ... Mr. verger ...? ( pause ) Mr. verger , Sir ? he 's ready ... ( pause ) angle on cordell , as he leave the trussed lechter , stepping over starling , and proceeds back toward the gurney , which be half hidden by the pigpen . angle he Pov . as he come around the corner , the child franklin have the BOWL of popcorn , and be see feeding popcorn to verger . angle cordell' Pov . the lifesign display of verger . a single blip , a long pause , another irregular blip . a long pause . angle cordell , as he advance on the child . cordell ( cont would ) hey , Franklin . hey . tell you what , if you would just stop do that , I be go to give you something nice . franklin he do not like popcorn . cordell no. and ... franklin I like popcorn ... cordell ... yes , if you will , just step away ... franklin you give I whatever I want ...? cordell yes . you know I will . that 's right . franklin awright . franklin step away . and cordell run up to verger and tries to revive he . angle on franklin , as he move around the pen , and pull a lever which open the gate . angle on the pig , as they start to move into the area occupied by cordell and verger . angle on franklin . franklin ( cont would ) you know what I want ...? angle on cordell , bent over verger , as he look back . angle on franklin . franklin ( cont would ) I want kittykat !!! angle on cordell , as he sees the pig approaching , he start to scream . angle on franklin , as he climb up to the area where we see lechter . lechter let I down , son , let I down . franklin what will you do for I ? lechter I will take you home . franklin ai not get no home . lechter then what would you like ...? franklin come over and whisper to he . angle on hannibal , as he recoil . beat . the SOUND of scream stop . pause hannibal ( pause ) yes . you shall have it ... franklin then you goin to hell ... hannibal ... that 's right ... franklin loose the rope which hold lechter , and lechter enter the pigpen . we see the pig , at the far end , savaging what we assume to be the form of verger and cordell . angle on hannibal , as he stoop to the form of starling , and gather her up . the pig advance on he , and then stop ... he step through they , and out of the barn . angle ext the barn . starling , put down in the grass . beat . she stir . she half - open her eye . angle , her Pov lechter , walking toward her , behind he the verger estate bursting into roaring flame . angle on franklin , stand by the flame , looking at lechter , as he walk up toward starling . angle on lechter , as he pick up starling , we see a security car coming down the drive , as lechter and starling fade into the wood . dissolve to : int sumptuous , elegant diningroom . starling , in a decollete evening gown , stand in front of a perfect presentation of baccarat and limoge . angle her Pov . lechter , in a tuxedo , stand against the balcony of the room , which look out on the sea . he smile at her . lechter you look lovely . starling thank you . ( she move to sit , and lechter come up and hold her chair for her ) no , I know you would prefer " I be glad you find I so ... " lechter I would prefer you to say what you feel . starling what be that that smell so wonderful . lechter I hope you will find it so . ( he pour her a glass of wine ) yes . it 's good to see you regain you strength ... starling thanks to you ... we see lechter excuse himself , and retire into the kitchen . we see he taking down saucepan , and mixing what appear to be a marinade . lechter now , what be we last speak of ...? starling we be speak of my father ... lechter pour the marinade into a pan , light the flame in the stove , wipe he hand , and return to the diningroom . lechter ... I be sorry ....? starling ... we be speak of my father ... lechter indeed we be . starling ... and my need for the institution ... lechter Freud , do you know ...? Freud psychoanalyzed patient in one afternoon . starling and how do he do that ? lechter he see the truth , and speak it ... starling I be afraid , this wine be make I woozy ... lechter ... you have to eat ... lechter return to the kitchen , indicating " one moment . " lechter ( cont would ) ( as the camera take he to the kitchen , and we half - see the torso of a man sitting in a kitchen chair ) you have seek out the institution all you life , as you with it to replace you Father . this be obvious . less obvious be this : that you require the institution not to support you , but to fail . for this keep you father alive . angle on starling , sitting , nodding , as she drink her wine . she put the glass down , a trifle woozy . lechter ( cont would ) ... as this keep you father alive . the truth be two -fold , and the truth be one : the wind from the ocean blows a strand of hair across her eye , she brush it back . lechter ( cont would ) ( vo ) that every man be fallible , that every institution , be make of man , cannot but be corrupt ... angle on starling , looking down at her hand . angle her Pov . the hand be cover with mud and blood . angle , starling , looking perplexed , at the kitchen where we see the form of lechter , moving across the kitchen . angle on lechter . as we see , he carry a scalpel , he move toward the half - see form of the man in the chair . he bend down over the man , and we see that he carry a scalpel and a SMALL medical saw ... lechter ( cont would ) ... the only art in this dish , of course , be that it must be fresh ... angle on starling , in the room , as she pick up a SMALL rosebud from the CUT crystal budvase in front of her . she look at it woozily , and it fall from her finger . she bend down . angle , her Pov , the floor . the rosebud , on a filthy , torn linoleum floor , her legs encased in the muddy pant we saw her in at verger' farm . angle on starling , as she straighten , holding the rose . we see a look of consternation on her face . her face be bloody , and cover in mud , we see she be not in a sumptuous diningroom , but in a slum . angle her Pov lechter , in the kitchen , in tuxedo , moving past the doorway . angle int the kitchen . lechter , as we now see , in the filthy kitchen of a slum . cooking on a hotplate . dressed in workclothes , camera take he , from behind , to the slumped form of the man , camera cut off at the man' shoulder , we see lechter , from the back , lifting something from the direction of the man' head , and carrying it back to the filthy tabletop , where , as he speak , he begins kneading it with flour , we see the pan sizzling on the hotplate . angle in the slum room . starling , day , and lechter , reentering . lechter ( cont would ) that the institution cannot but be corrupt , and , therefore , it cannot be but a act of complicity to seek to appease it . he move back into the kitchen , put the bread piece of cutlet into the pan , the FIRE shoot up . lechter ( cont would ) so many civilization eat they slain enemy ... what do you think ...? how much better to devour a person physically , than to devour he spirit . which be , of course , the purpose of the institution . he remove the meat from the pan , and fork it onto a tin plate . lechter ( cont would ) ( reentering the diningroom ) : and that be the especial surprise , I have prepare for you ! starling I feel weak ... lechter ( nodding ) ... you must eat . she look down at the table . she pick up her fork . angle her Pov the lovely linen table , the steaming meat on the limoge plate . a huge cockroach , scurry across the tablecloth . angle on starling , as she rise , unsteadily , in her muddy clothes ... starling ...1 do not understand ... she walk toward the balcony window , looking out at the ocean . angle her Pov . out the window , a squalid CITY STREET , see from the third floor . a couple of car stopping at the end of the STREET . angle , on starling , as she turn back toward lechter . lechter ( in the kitchen ) the gift , of course be not the meal -- but the identification -- which of we do not need help ? the identity , of you true enemy ...? ... for you always seek to befriend , to wish the love of that who wish you ill . angle , on lechter , stand before the figure tied to the chair . lechter ( cont would ) come here -- he be in no pain , there be no nerve in the brain , come here ... angle , lechter' Pov the figure of crawford tied to the chair . lechter move to he and extract from he upper pocket , a xerox of the photo of the badge with the hole in it . lechter ( cont 'd ) come here , I be go to cure you . angle he Pov . starling , in the slumroom , looking out of the window . angle starling , day , looking out of the window , lechter come up behind her , and look out . angle he Pov . the slum STREET , a van now pulling up , a squad of swat officer approaching a parked car . angle on lechter and clarice . lechter approach her . angle he Pov , starling , in the beautiful gown , he move as if to caress her breast . angle on starling , as she look down . we see she be now clothed in her filthy clothes , and lechter be frisking her . angle lechter , frisking the filthy starling , take out the marinecorp hatbadge , which we saw earlier , he break it OPEN , and reveal a microtransmitter . lechter ( cont would ) oh , no . oh , no . they have put a beeper on you . how careless of I . how finally careless , do you think ? have I erred on purpose ? eh ? or be I just unlucky ? could one not say that 's the essential question of philosophy ...? angle on starling , day , looking on . starling might I have some more of the wine ...? angle on lechter , as he move to a back window . starling , as she rise , again , in her ballgown . starling ( cont would ) because , I find I like the effect . you may say that it 's inebriation , but it seem ( she smile ) this lovely evening , in particular .... it seem to reward I with clarity ... ( she laugh ) there be a SOUND behind her . the beautiful frenchdoors OPEN and admit a happy coterie of gowned women and formal dressed men , they be all chatter there joy at seeing her . starling ( cont would ) .... or perhaps , it be just the heat ... I be just say to the Doctor ... ( she gesture ) angle her Pov the OPEN window , the shade blowing . camera come back to starling , who be in her rag , with the swat team entering the room . starling ( cont would ) but , do you know , do you know , I be not feel altogether .... she swoon . a swat man catch her . swat man ... I have get she ... angle in the slumroom , we see that a swat team have entered . one of they have caught the fainting starling in he arm . the several men proceed toward the back of the kitchen . starling ( as we see she be in krendler' arm ) ... may be the heat .... krendler let 's get she out of here .... swat officer , from the kitchen . as he gay in the direction of crawford . starling but as my father use to say ... swat officer ( in kitchen ) ...ohmiGod . dissolve to : ext TEXAS graveyard day . a new marble headstone be lowered onto a grave . it be ornate and solid , and read : jame randall starling , husband and father . died 1975 . angle starling stand by the grave , holding flowers , behind her stand mapp and her boyfriend . behind they stand a official looking man , who hold he stetson , reverently , in front of he . in the bg we see a truck moving slowly down the dusty cemetery road . angle on starling , as she kneel , as the stone be place , putting a SMALL bouquet of flowers next to it . as she kneel , and camera crane down , we read the bottom of the inscription : " died 1975 . he will never know how he be missed . " angle on starling , as she stand , and mapp come , and put her arm around her . mapp that 's why it 's a stone , you know , it mean do not come back . starling nods , and they turn away , and walk away from the grave . in the bg we see another group of mourner , wearing western garb . starling and her group cross a service road , in front of the old truck . starling well . no . he can not come back . mapp baby , that 's the beginning of wisdom . mapp put her arm around starling , as they walk off . starling nods , that she understand , and lay her head on mapp' shoulder . we see several gravediggers sitting on the back . the man in the passenger seat , wearing a straw western hat , turn , to look at starling and the group . it look like lechter . angle on starling , and her group , as the man in the truck momentarily catch her eye . angle on starling , as she walk through the graveyard . a glint of light plays across her face , and she squint . angle her Pov . the light hitting the shovel of the gravedigger in the straw hat . the gravedigger be half hidden by the group he walk with . angle over mapp , who be talking , and onto starling , as she stare at the gravedigger , who be approaching her . angle on her body , as she reach to her belt for a sidearm . angle tight on the two women , as starling leans in . starling ( sotto ) give I you gun ... angle on mapp , as she look at starling . mapp ... what ...? angle on starling , as she look at the approaching figure . angle her Pov the gravedigger , as he emerge from the group . we see he be a nondescript laborer . angle on starling and mapp . mapp ( cont would ) ... what , what do you say ...? angle on starling , as she shake her head . angle on the laborer , as he pass by a arriving , older limousine , starling and mapp in the background . angle on starling and mapp , as mapp and jim take there leave from starling , who be indicating , " I just want to be alone for a while . " we see mapp nod , as she and jim get into there car . angle on starling , as she walk back toward her father' grave past a SMALL black clad family , who be emerging from the limo . angle xcu on starling , as she look at the offending figure . angle her Pov . the man turn more to camera , and we see he be a nondescript laborer . angle on starling , as she take her leave of mapp and mapp' friend , we see they pass by another SMALL funeral , several black clad mourner and a old limousine , at the graveside . starling chat with mapp for a moment , obviously saying she , starling , want to stay on at the grave . mapp nods , and she and her friend get into there car and drive away . angle on starling , as she pass by the other funeral , back toward her father' grave . angle int the limo . we see , through its windshield , starling cross , and move out of frame . we see the black coated arm of the limo driver move . he hand come up to the rearview mirror , and we see starling in the rearview mirror , and we see the driver' hand have the SMALL scar in the shape of the numeral three . fade out . hannibal a screenplay by david mamet copyright ( C ) 1999 draft september 5 , 1999