hannah and her sister by Woody Allen as the last credit appear , the song end in a crescendo and the screen fade to total black . immediately , a new melody begin , a uptempo jazz number , as a title appear on the screen . " God , she 's beautiful ... " CUT to : int . hannah's apartment - night a full face of Lee , wear a gray sweater and lean against the dining room doorway . she gaze into the camera with a half - smile on she face as elliot speak over the screen . elliot ( v.o. ) God , she 's beautiful . Lee glance over she shoulder , then turn from the doorway and walk away . the camera follow she , move across a book - and - photograph - fill bookshelf that obscure she from view as she walk into a crowded , comfortable vestibule . people , some hold drink , some just enter the apartment , surround she . everyone be talk at once , carry on easy , familiar conversation . elliot ( v.o. ) she 's get the prettiest eye , and she look so sexy in that sweater . Lee smile at the various people , exchange greeting . lee hi , how be you ? two more guest enter the apartment ; the vestibule be full now . still walk , Lee lightly hug one of the child as she continue on she way towards the live room . elliot 's voice , as well as the jazzy music , be hear . elliot ( v.o. ) I just want to be alone with she and hold she and kiss she ... Lee walk into the live room , turn she head back for a moment to talk to the child she have just hugge . elliot ( v.o. ) ... and tell she how much I love she and take care of she . stop it , you idiot . she 's you wife 's sister . but I can not help it . the camera be still move with Lee as she smile and stop to chat with she mother . elliot 's voice , as well as the music , continue over the low din of warm conversation . elliot ( v.o. ) I be consume by she . it 's be month now . I dream about she . i- I , I think about she at the office . oh , lee. ( sighing ) what be I gonna do ? Lee start to walk off again , finish she conversation with she mother . she pass several other guest , then turn to greet April , give she a warm , brief hug . elliot ( v.o. ) I hear myself moon over you , and it 's disgusting . before , when she ... elliot 's voice - over continue as he be actually see , stand in a doorway have a conversation with a gesture , rotund man . both be hold drink as Lee , carry a tray of hor d'oeuvre and two drink , walk between they . the space be very tight ; the man hold up they drink to make room for she . elliot ( v.o. ) ... squeeze past I in the doorway , and I smell that perfume on the back of she neck ... elliot watch Lee walk off ; the other man , oblivious , continue to talk . elliot reluctantly return to the conversation , but he can not help turn he head to gaze at the offscreen Lee as the other man chatter on . elliot ( v.o. ) ... Jesus , I , I think I be gonna swoon ! easy ... the camera resume follow a smile Lee . she have just put down the tray and drink near April , and briskly and obliviously , she walk past a doorway where elliot , still ruminate , watch she , entrance . elliot ( v.o. ) you be a dignify financial advisor . it do not look good for you to swoon . the camera stay with elliot , who be still watch the offscreen Lee . in the background , guest continue to chatter warmly with each other . Hannah , carry a tray of hor d'oeuvre , walk up behind the distract elliot . hannah ( nibble on a hor d'oeuvre ) elliot ? elliot ? ( rub he shoulder ) sweetheart ? elliot return from he revery with a start . elliot ( turn to Hannah ) mm-hm ? hannah ( point to the tray ) have you try this ? this be wonderful . ( nibble , swallow ) Holly and she friend make they . elliot , take one of the hor d'oeuvre , start nibble as well as he and Hannah walk past the bookshelf into the live room . elliot ( swallow ) they be fantastic . hannah ( overlap , still eat ) be not they great ? elliot you sister be a unbelievable cook . hannah ( swallow ) I know ! I know ! elliot and Hannah , eat and talk , walk past a hallway and offscreen as Holly appear , walk down the hallway . she hold a drink and a plate of hor d'oeuvre ; she stand at the entrance to the hallway , eat and look at the offscreen guest . hannah ( walk offscreen ) she have all the cooking talent . elliot ( walk offscreen swallow ) no , she do not , either . you have get ton as well . hannah ( offscreen ) ohhh , but I have eat five of this . Holly , stand in the hallway onscreen , swallow loudly . elliot ( offscreen , overlap Holly ) Holly , why do not you open you own restaurant ? holly ( turn to the offscreen elliot and Hannah , try to swallow ) mmm , we practically be . well ... ( hold she hand to she mouth ) not a restaurant , but ... ( swallow ) April and I be go to do some catering ! hannah ( offscreen ) what ? you be kid ! holly ( nodd ) no , no , we decide ! Holly take a sip of she drink as Hannah and elliot walk over to she . hannah perfect ! holly ( nodd and swallow ) mmm ... I mean , we love to cook for we friend , so ( gesture ) we think until a act job come through , we could just make some extra money , you know , do a few private party . elliot ( nodd ) great idea . hannah ( agree ) I know . elliot ( overlap Hannah ) that 's where you talent lie . holly ( swallow and nodd ) I know . Holly and Hannah begin to laugh . holly ( gesture to elliot , still laugh ) get outta here . ( to Hannah ) could I speak to you privately ? hannah oh , sure . Holly and Hannah walk off ; elliot watch they leave . elliot ( call after they as he nibble on a hor d'oeuvre ) I be she husband ! she tell I anything ! CUT to : int . hannah's kitchen - night Hannah , lick she finger , walk past a memo-clutter refrigerator to the stove as Holly , behind she , begin to speak . the faint sound of music be still hear . holly Hannah , I have to borrow some more money . ( sip she drink ) do not get upset . hannah ( stir some food in a saucepan on the stove ) mmm , I never get upset over that . mmm ? holly this be the last time , I promise . and I be keep strict account . as Holly talk , sip she drink , Hannah busily work in the kitchen , which contain a large center table stack with bowl and plate of food , hang pot and pan , and general party clutter . she walk on - and-offscreen as she talk and listen to she sister . hannah Holly , please . do not insult I . holly ( put she empty glass and plate down on the table ) someday , I will pay it all back . hannah I know . h-how much do you need ? holly two thousand dollar . Hannah , who would be mash some food in a bowl on a nearby counter , hesitates momentarily . she turn to Holly . hannah ( try to nod she head casually ) uh-huh . holly ( gesture , she back to the camera ) Hannah , I know it 's a lot , but my friend April and I , we have this catering idea I think 's go to be great . Hannah , lick she finger , walk past Holly . holly ( turn to face Hannah ) you admit that we be great cook , right ? hannah ( nodd , back at the stove now , stir in a pot ) yeah . holly ( put she hand in she pocket ) well , in order to get start , there 's just a few thing I have to buy ... ( gesture ) and some old debt I have outstanding . hannah ( look at she sister ) will you just tell I one thing ? holly ( nodd ) okay . hannah be we talk about cocaine again ? holly ( shaking she head no ) I swear . I swear . we have already get some request to do a few dinner party . a timer go off . Hannah walk past Holly to attend to some food on a different stove . Holly turn to face she . only Holly be see as she talk to the offscreen Hannah , the camera move in closer on she face . as Holly speak , she distractedly nibble a hor d'oeuvre . in the background , she parent can be hear sing in the live room . holly I mean , obviously , I be not go to be a caterer forever , you know . we both still go to audition . something could turn up at any moment . but the party be at night , day be free , I can still take my act class . I have not do drug on a year . Holly pop another hor d'oeuvre into she mouth as the background sing get louder and the film cut to : int . hannah's live room - night the live room be crowded with family and guest sit comfortably on chair near the piano , where Evan , Hannah 's father , play " bewitch " as Hannah 's mother , Norma , sit nearby , accompany he in they duet . a child be sprawle out under a blanket on a sofa ; some guest chatter quietly ; other drink and eat , listen . evan &amp ; norma ( sing ) " a whimper , simper child again bewitch , bother , and bewilder be I ... " as they continue to sing , the film cut back to the kitchen , where Lee , carry some glass , enter through the doorway . lee Mom and dad be float down memory lane again ! Lee walk over to she sister , put the glass down on a counter . Hannah be scoop seed out of a cantaloupe . Holly , lean on the table , sip she drink . the music from the live room be softly hear as the three sister chat comfortably and easily with each other . hannah ( smile and turn to Lee ) aah ... hey , have you try Holly and she friend 's shrimp puff ? lee ( nodd to Holly , touch she arm ) I think they be fantastic . hannah ( to Holly ) you have outdone yourself . holly ( overlap she sister , shrugging and smile ) oh , my God . thank you . lee ( interrupt , to Hannah ) I need a antihistamine . Mom think she 's feel she asthma , and so ... hannah ( overlap ) ohh ? holly ( overlap , lighting a cigarette ) uh-oh . lee ( continue ) ... before she start turn into Camille ... ( laugh ) holly ( overlap ) yeah , Mom 's Camille when she get up in the morning . lee ( turn to Holly ) at least she be not drink . do you notice ? holly ( nodd ) mm-hm . hannah ( turn to look at she sister , laugh ) do not she look great in that new dress ? holly ( nodd ) yeah . lee ( nodd ) yeah . the sister all talk at once ; Hannah be still work at the sink . hannah do not you think she do ? holly she really do , though . lee ( turn towards the sink ) yeah , she know it , too , ' cause she 's flirt with all the man here . holly ( puffing on she cigarette ) God . hannah ( scoop out some cantaloupe seed ) maybe when she 's eighty , she will stop straighten she garter belt when there 's a guy around . holly ( to Lee , laugh ) I should get a garter belt . lee ( laugh ) yeah . holly ( look down at herself ) get a garter belt ... ( sip she drink ) get a garter belt and flirt . lee ( laugh , to Hannah ) where be the antihistamine ? hannah oh , I don -- ask elliot for that . uh , he 's get they somewhere . lee ( nodd ) okay . Lee leave the kitchen . Holly , puffing on she cigarette , watch she go . holly ( sighing ) Frederick do not come with she . hannah ( turn to Holly , still work at the sink ) when do Frederick ever come with she ? holly ( whisper intently ) tch . he 's such a angry ... he 's such a depressive . I think she be move out ! Hannah shake she head in disapproval while Holly angrily take another sip of she drink . and the film cut briefly back to the live room , where Evan be still play the piano and sing . the camera move past he and a few guest to Norma , who be enthusiastically sing along , look at Evan and move she hand . evan &amp ; norma ( sing ) " a pill he be but still he be all mine and I will keep he until he be bewitch , a'both - - " CUT to : int . hannah's dine room - night the table be beautifully set for Thanksgiving dinner , complete with candle , flower , cut crystal , china , and silver . Hannah 's child be play in the room as Hannah enter , carry a huge roast turkey . behind she be Holly , carry a casserole . Hannah 's parent can still be hear sing in the background . hannah ( to the child ) watch out , you guy . beep-beep ! holly ( overlap ) oh , you kid be so adorable . child ( walk through the doorway ) bye ! bye ! holly ( put down she bowl on the table ) God , it get so lonely on the holiday . hannah ( set down the turkey on the opposite end of the table ) oh , gosh . well , you know , that 's why I invite phil gammage tonight . as the sister talk , the piano music stop . there 's the sound of light applause as Evan begin a new song , faintly hear in the dining room . holly ( grimace , reacting to Hannah ) oh , Hannah ! hannah ( overlap ) it 's , uh , you never know -- holly ( interrupt , gesture ) he 's such a loser ! hannah he 's not a loser at all ! holly ( shaking she head ) oh , he 's such a loser ! hannah ( overlap , lighting a set of candle on the table ) he 's the headmaster of Daisy 's school . holly oh , perfect ! he remind I of ichabod crane . ( move she hand up and down she throat ) his Adam 's apple keep jump up and down whenever he get excited . hannah ( laugh ) listen . he 's a lot better than you ex-husband . he 's get a good job . ( hand a pack of match to Holly ) would you light that , please ? he 's - he 's - he 's not a dope addict or anything . holly ( strike a match to light another set of candle ) give I a break . april ( offscreen ) be I interrupt ... the film cut to April , stand in the doorway of the dining room and hold a drink . april ( continue ) ... any sister talk ? hannah ( offscreen ) mm-mm ! holly ( offscreen ) come in . the camera move with April as she walk over to the table , where Hannah and Holly be lighting candle . april oh , good ... hannah ( overlap , still offscreen ) come in , come in . april ( gesture ) ... because there be no interesting single man at this party ! hannah ( now onscreen ) oh , listen ... holly ( interrupt , wave out she match ) I know . it 's terrible ! april ( shaking she head ) I mean , I have look everywhere . hannah ( pick at the turkey and gesture ) maybe April would like phil . phil gammage , the tall guy in there by the piano . Holly groan , look at she sister , while April sip she drink and nod . april ( point to herself ) hm -mm . oh , yeah . I meet phil . hannah ( look at April , nodd ) mmm ? april he 's the -- he look like ichabod crane ? Hannah scream with laughter as she walk toward the end of the table , past a gleeful Holly , who point she finger at Hannah as she pass . Hannah , still laugh , playfully push the accuse finger away . april ( laugh with the sister , gesture ) I love that . that 's my type . hannah ( shaking she head , laugh ) I can not believe it ! she walk over to a nearby china cabinet . april ( nodd and look at Hannah ) no , really , I really like he a lot . holly ( overlap , laugh and gesture ) no , really , we must not get discourage . as Holly continue to tease she sister , Hannah open a drawer in the cabinet . she take out two apple decorate with paper turkey head and tail and hand they to April . holly ( fussing at the table ) Hannah will invite some man over who do not look like ichabod crane . april ( overlap ) mmm . April start to put the turkey apple on the table . a bemuse Hannah take two more out of the cabinet and place one of they on the table as well . holly ( straighten a table set ) not this Thanksgiving , you know . hannah ( overlap , to April , who have just set down she apple ) here . be careful with that . holly ( continue she teasing , gesture ) maybe at Christmas , New Year 's . if not this New Year 's , maybe next New Year 's . while Holly be talk , Hannah hand she the last turkey apple , accidentally stick she with one of the toothpick that keep the decoration in place . holly ( reacting ) ouch ! hannah ( turn to she sister in surprise ) oh ! the film cut to a short hallway lead to a bathroom in Hannah 's apartment . in the foreground be a stand lamp . in the background , elliot be see walk inside the bathroom , look around the room . Light piano music be dimly hear . elliot ( search ) must be here someplace . he walk out of the bathroom , move down the hallway towards the camera . lee ( offscreen ) oh , you know , I , I love that book you leat I . the Easter parade ? you be right . it have very special meaning for I . elliot how 's Frederick ? he do not come . elliot walk into the bedroom as Lee continue to talk offscreen . the camera , leave elliot , move across the room , past a wall of frame painting , a headboard and bed , a night table and lamp , revealing Lee . she be flipping through a book by a curtain window . lee ( offscreen ) oh , well , you know Frederick . one of he mood . although it be not a bad week . he ( onscreen ) uh , sell a picture . elliot ( offscreen ) oh , great . the camera stay with Lee as she walk around the room , past another curtain window , a television set , and a rolltop desk . she absently flip through the book as she talk to the offscreen elliot . lee yeah , it be , it be one of he better drawing , a very beautiful nude study . actually , it be of I . ( laugh ) it 's funny , you know , it 's a funny feel to know you be be hang naked in some stranger 's live room . Lee put the book she 's be hold down on the desk , only to pick up another one . she look at the offscreen elliot . lee well , you can not tell it 's I , although -- ( pause ) you be turn all red , elliot . she react . the camera move to a blush elliot , follow he now as he walk across the room . elliot ( laugh self - consciously ) really ? so , so , what else ? wh- what be you up to ? lee ( offscreen ) oh , I do not know . my unemployment check be run out . um , I be think of take some course at Columbia with the last of my savings . as Lee speak , elliot part a hang curtain against the wall to reveal a stereo and some record . he look at the offscreen Lee . elliot like , uh ...? lee ( offscreen ) I do not know exactly . as elliot reach inside the stereo shelf , grab a bottle of antihistamine , the camera move back to Lee , who sit down on the bed . she be still hold a book . lee uh , sociology , psychology maybe . I always think I might like to work with child . elliot walk over to Lee ; he sit down on a footstool in front of she . elliot ( gesture with the bottle of pill grip in he hand ) incidentally , i- I always have client who be furnish place . some of they might - might be interested in buy art . shall I , shall I call you ? ( chuckle self - consciously ) lee yeah , sure . ( take the bottle of pill elliot hand she ) you know , uh , Frederick would really by grateful for a sale . she chuckle ; elliot smile and chuckle with she . hannah ( offscreen ) hey , you guy ? elliot turn in the direction of he wife 's voice . hannah ( offscreen ) dinner 's ready . Hannah , eat a carrot stick , enter the bedroom . the camera stay with she momentarily as she walk towards elliot and Lee . lee ( offscreen ) oh , great . hannah ( overlap ) you look so beautiful . lee ( offscreen ) come on . hannah ( stand by elliot and Lee ) do not she look pretty ? lee I bump into you ... elliot ( overlap , agree with Hannah ) yeah . lee ( continue ) ...ex - husband on the street the other day . hannah ( bite she carrot ) oh , yeah ? lee ( gesture ) he be , he 's just as crazy as ever . he be on he way to get a blood test . ( laugh , elliot join in ) hannah ( reacting ) God , mickey 's such a hypochondriac . I wonder how he would handle it if there be ever anything really wrong with he ? elliot ( stand up ) let 's go have dinner , shall we ? hannah ( overlap ) mmm . lee ( stand up , overlap ) good idea . CUT to : int . dine room - night everyone be seat around the table for Thanksgiving dinner . facing the camera be Holly , Lee , Norma , and Hannah . she sit to the leave of elliot , who 's at the head of the table . on he right be Evan ; April sit next to he . she and the other guest sit with they back to the screen . the table overflow with food , floral decoration , and candle . in the background , the child sit at a separate table ; a may serve they turkey . the guest chatter comfortably among themselves as they eat . evan ( clanking a piece of silverware against he water glass ) now , lady and gentleman ... holly ( make a face ) dad . Evan continue to clank he glass to get everyone 's attention . holly dad ... lee ( reacting , to Holly ) oh ... holly dad ! evan ( still clanking ) no , now ... holly I be starve ! resigned , Holly put down she silverware . Lee smother a laugh . Norma , reacting , glance at Holly and Lee . everyone know what 's come . evan ( clanking away ) ... this be a toast ! this be a toast . hannah ( reach across the table for Evan 's wine glass , laugh ) get he wine away . evan this be a toast . you know this beautiful Thanksgiving dinner be all ... Holly laugh . Lee glance over to she , reacting . Hannah , embarrassed , react and sit with she hand on she face . Lee and the rest of the guest put down they silverware . they look at Evan , listen . evan ... prepare ... by Hannah . Hannah , embarrassed , make a victory sign . hannah ( modestly point to the may ) uh , and a little help ... Lee and Holly try to suppress they laughter . Norma glare at they . norma ( to she daughter ) hey ! hannah ( continue ) ... from mavis , also . elliot wrap he arm around Hannah ; he pull she towards he affectionately and kiss she on the cheek . she hug he back . elliot ( hugging Hannah ) you bet . hannah ( overlap , look down the table while still in elliot 's embrace ) Holly and April , thanks for help . mavis the may exit , carry some trays , as the group start to cheer and applaud . Holly wave she napkin at April , then hold up she wine glass . evan ( overlap the noise ) no , you do it . holly ( overlap , toast she friend ) April , April ! hannah ( overlap , gesture ) I be ... I do slave all day . evan ( overlap , hold out he wine glass ) and we drink to she , and we all congratulate she on she wonderful accomplishment during this last year ... she great success in a doll 's House ! the group continue to cheer as they all toast Hannah . she react , smile but embarrassed . norma ( overlap , laugh ) ya-a-a-a-y ! ( laugh ) I play nora . I hate to tell you what year ... the guest , sip they wine , quiet down as Norma continue to speak . Lee and Holly unsuccessfully try to contain they laughter . mavis reenter the dining room to serve more food to the child . norma ( continue ) and it 's very difficult to behave like torvald 's little chipmunk without make a perfect ass out of yourself ! ( pause while the guest laugh heartily ) now I think that ibsen would have be damn proud of we Hannah ! Norma toast she daughter ; everyone follow she . the applause and cheer begin anew . Hannah , reacting , chuckle . april ( overlap the applause and clap loudly ) speech ! speech ! speech ! norma ( overlap ) yea-a-a-a-ah ! a few guest sip they wine . they all quiet down as Hannah start she speech , glance around the table and gesture . hannah ( reacting ) I do not know about that . oh , no , I just , see , I - I have be very , very lucky . w-when I have the kid , I decide to stop work and just , you know , devote myself to have the family , and I have be very , very happy ( bang she fist lightly on the table ) but ... I have always secretly hope that maybe some little gem would come along and tempt I back on the stage ... evan ( nodd ) yeah . hannah ( overlap ) ... just for a second . so , now I get that out of my system and I can go back to the thing that make I happiest . Hannah tenderly take elliot 's hand as she look around the table . he , in turn , knead she shoulder , chuckle with equal tenderness . evan ( chuckle ) oh , bravo ! bravo ! Hannah , still embarrassed , look down at a plate . the group applaud once more , toast and drink , and warmly sounding they approval . CUT to : " we all have a terrific time . " classical string music play as the film cut to : ext . manhattan STREET - night a taxi move down Broadway towards the camera , pass a truck on the right , the Winter Garden marquee advertising cat , and several building , and as the taxi move offscreen , the classical music still play , the movie cut to the taxi 's backseat . Lee sit by the window , lean she head in she hand , a reflective look on she face . her voice be hear over the screen . lee ( v.o. ) be it my imagination , or do elliot have a little crush on I ? ( chuckle slightly ) it 's funny . I have have that think before . he pay a lot of attention to I all the time , and he blush tonight when we be alone in the bedroom . I wonder if he and Hannah be happy ? it 's funny , I ... I still feel a little buzz from he flirt . CUT to : int . frederick's loft - night Lee stir a cup of coffee on the counter of the loft 's modern kitchen area ; a nearby vase hold flower . she walk across the loft , with its high ceiling and beige wall , hold she coffee . lee ( to a offscreen Frederick ) want some coffee or tea ? frederick ( offscreen ) no , thank you . Lee continue to walk , past a modern chaise , a bookcase , some sofa , two column . lamp hang down from the ceiling . the classical music still play in the background . Lee stop at a plastic -enclose work area . Frederick can be see work at a draw board on the other side of the clear plastic screen . lee ( stir she coffee ) how about something to eat ? frederick no , nothing . the background music stop . lee be you sure ? frederick absolutely . lee ( walk around the screen to Frederick ) mmm , what be I gonna do with you ? ( laugh ) as Lee walk over to the draw board where Frederick be sit , he be see intently clean some paintbrush with a rag . Lee stand by he , lean over the board , and look directly at he . the table be fill with can of brushes and artist 's equipment . lee God ! ( sniff ) and why do not you come tonight ? we all have a terrific time . I really think you would have enjoy yourself . frederick ( not look at Lee ) I be go through a period of my life where I just can not be around people . ( put down the brushes and wiping he hand with the same rag ) I do not want to wind up abuse anyone . lee you be not go to abuse they . they be all so sweet . frederick ( take off he glass ) Lee ... ( pause , reach for Lee 's hand ) you be the only person I can be with ... who I really look forward to be with . ( pull Lee to he , around the board ) lee ( compliantly ) you be too harsh with everyone . you know that , do not you ? Frederick and Lee embrace ; Lee sigh . frederick ( look into Lee 's eye ) be not it enough that I can love you ? lee ( sighing ) mmm ... frederick hmm ? lee ( overlap ) ... you be such a puzzle . ( chuckle ) so sweet with I and so ... contemptuous of everyone else . ( sighing ) frederick ( sniff ) well , there be a time ( sniff again ) when you be very happy to be only with I . you want to learn everything about poetry , about music . lee ( nodd ) mm-hm . frederick have I really teach you everything I have to give ? ( shake he head ) I do not think so . Lee kiss Frederick twice , then release he and walk out of the work area . lee ( turn she head in Frederick 's direction ) oh , elliot say he might have a couple of client for you . Lee walk over to the loft 's stereo area , pull up the sleeve of she sweater as Frederick talk . frederick ( offscreen ) I be sure all that moron he handle have a deep feel for art . Lee pick up a book from the stereo shelf . she lean back against the unit , glance through its page . lee ( flipping through the book ) mmm ( chuckle ) you never know . they might . he 's just try to do the nice thing . frederick ( offscreen ) because he like you . lee ( look up from the book ) I ? frederick yeah . Frederick , leave he work area , walk past Lee ; he hand be in he pocket . frederick ( look at Lee as he go by ) elliot lust after you . lee base on what ? you never even see he . the camera stay with Frederick as he walk into the loft 's bedroom area . frederick base on ... whenever you see he , you always come home full of book he 's recommend ... he sit down at the foot of the bed and start take off he shoe . frederick ( continue ) ... or film you must see or ... ( shrugging ) lee ( walk over to he ) oh , no , no , no . he 's my sister 's husband . and I think if you give he half a chance , you would like he . he 's very intelligent . Lee sit down next to Frederick ; he take she hand . frederick he 's a glorify accountant , and he 's after you . ( kissing Lee 's hand ) and I prefer to sell my work to people who appreciate it , not to rock star . ( kissing Lee 's face ) you understand ? Lee kiss Frederick back on the cheek . they embrace . Frederick laugh ; they embrace get tighter . lee ( sighing ) ohhh ! CUT to : the hypochondriac . upbeat jazz play in the background and continue as the film cut to : int . tv studio corridor - night Metal elevator door open and mickey sach , a high - power television producer , walk out , deep in conversation with he assistant , Paul and Larry . as the elevator operator begin to reclose the door with he passenger , mickey , he assistant fast behind , walk down a office corridor past busy group of studio personnel . indistinct conversation , as well as the jazz , be hear in the background as the trio talk . mickey ( gesture ) what do you mean , they will not let we do the sketch ? paul talk to standards and practice . they think it 's too dirty . the trio pass Mary , another assistant , in conversation with two other co-worker . she hold a clipboard . mickey but we show it to they in rehearsal ! without miss a beat , he take Mary 's wrist and continue walk . mickey ( to Paul ) you know , what would they do , figure out what the word mean ? a foursome now , they briskly walk past a man and a woman go over a script . Mary and mickey lead ; Paul and Larry follow . mary mickey , we get a half hour to air ! as the group walk through a large doorway , Larry catch up to mickey . larry we be short ! the show be five minute short ! the group turn right into a new corridor , briefly off the screen . as they scurry off , they voice be hear . mickey how could it be short ? we time everything ( offscreen ) long . paul ( offscreen ) if we have to ... they be all now see walk down the new corridor towards the camera . the corridor be crowded with busy tv personnel . the group continue to talk frantically as people hurry past they . one man push rudely past Mary as he walk ; she look back at he briefly . paul ( continue ) ... pull out the sketch , then we will be ten minute short ! mickey ( gesture ) I do not know how they can do that to we . that 's -- we go on in thirty minute , right ? Mary check she wristwatch as they rush down the corridor . larry ( squeezing past several passersby ) they be do it because we rating be low . mickey ( nervously rub he forehead ) I get such a migraine . as the group briskly walk past a open door , gail , another assistant , run out , brandish she glass . gail ( offscreen ) hey , mickey ! gail run in front of the group . without miss a step , she face mickey and walk backwards , gesture and talk frantically . gail mickey ! listen , we better go right to ronny 's dress room . this kid must have take sixteen hundred quaalude . I do not think he 's go to be able to do the show ! the fast - tracking group turn the corner . gail pat mickey 's back ; she gesture in exasperation . mickey ( gesture towards heaven ) why I , Lord ? what do I -- he be interrupt by Ed smythe , a official from the standards and practice Department , who 's be stand in the corridor wait for mickey . mickey stop and shake Ed 's hand as if he would know the official would be there . gail stop by he side while the other walk into a background studio doorway that be busy with scurrying personnel . mickey you -- ( point ) standards and practice ? ed Ed smythe , yes . mickey okay . why , all of a sudden , be the sketch dirty ? ( put he hand on he hip ) ed ( gesture ) child molestation be a touchy subject ... mickey ( overlap , look at gail ) could you -- ed ( continue ) ... with the affiliate . mickey ( overlap and grunt ) read the papers ! half the country 's do it ! ed ( point at mickey ) yes , but you name name . mickey ( gesture ) we nev -- we do not name name ! ( turn to gail for support , briefly touch she shoulder , then look back at Ed ) we say the Pope . gail ( gesture emphatically ) we always say the Pope ! ed that sketch ... mickey ( overlap ) we -- ed ( continue ) ... can not go on the air . a writer , hold a script , walk out of the background studio , look around . mickey oh , je -- writer ( interrupt , shouting ) hey ! mickey , gail , and Ed turn towards the writer . writer ( angrily , slapping he script ) who change my sketch about the plo ? mickey and gail walk over to the angry writer , Ed forget with this new crisis . mickey ( gesture ) I have to make some cut . it 's four lousy line ! writer the whole premise be ruin ! mickey , gail , and the writer start walk down a corridor adjacent to the studio . mickey ( gesture , try to calm the writer down ) oh , you be crazy ! it 's not so delicate . everybody 's marry to every line . the writer react angrily . gail try to get mickey 's attention as they walk . gail ( tapping mickey 's shoulder ) mickey , I can -- writer ( interrupt , angrily gesture ) I do not care ! I do not want anyone tamper with my goddamn work without tell I ! mickey ( shrugging ) okay . writer ( point angrily ) you want them cut ?! I will cut them myself ! mickey , still in surprised shock , turn away from the angry writer . he stand by a open dress room , where ron , a actor , slouches , daze , in a chair face a makeup mirror . people mill in the background behind the actor . mickey ( shrugging , distract ) all right , all right . ( mutter ) gail ( overlap , try to get mickey 's attention and gesture ) mickey , mickey , listen , listen . mickey ( distractedly , he mind still on the writer ) you know ... ( mutter as the writer pass he and walk away ) gail ( overlap , gesture ) in-in-in-instead of the child molestation sketch , why do not we repeat the cardinal spellman Ronald Reagan homosexual dance number ? mickey ( still distract , look off ) no -- ron ( overlap ) I do not feel good , mickey . mickey , remember ron , run into the dress room . gail follow he . Inside , a man and a woman talk , ignore ron . they share a drink in a paper cup . the woman look back at ron ; she gesture with disgust . mickey ( gesture ) yeah , wh -- yeah , what do you do ? swallow a drugstore ?! ron cough . mickey ( to gail ) look at this guy . gail ( overlap , touch ron 's chair ) yeah ? ron ( groan ) I lose my voice . gail walk around the chair . the camera show she and mickey talk to ron through the reflection in the cluttere makeup mirror . mickey ( reacting ) oh , Jesus ! gail ( gesture ) ron ... ronny , you know you do have to go on in twenty - five minute . ron sigh . mickey ( look around , touch he stomach ) hey , do anybody get a tagamet ? my , my ulcer 's start to kill I ! ron ( sighing ) you want a quaalude ? mickey , as reflect in the mirror , start to pace as the movie cut to : ext . beverly hill boulevard - day norman , a Los Angeles tv producer and mickey 's former partner , be drive down a peaceful street line with palm tree . he 's wear sunglass and headphone . he click he finger in time to the music only he hear on he walkman . he 's smile contentedly while mickey talk over the sun-filled scene . the continuous background jazz play louder . mickey ( v.o. ) Christ , this show be ruin my health ! meanwhile , my ex-partner move to California and every stupid show he produce turn out to be a big hit . brother , what be I gonna do with my life ? speak of that , I - i... gotta remember to see my ex- wife tomorrow . tch . CUT to : int . hannah's apartment foyer - day as mickey finish he rumination , Hannah be see walk towards she front door . she open it , she back to the camera . mickey stand there hold two box gift . the jazz stop . hannah hi! hi! mickey ( overlap , sniff ) I know ... I know . hannah glad you could put in a appearance . mickey ( gesture ) I get two minute . hannah ( overlap ) very good . Hannah nod as mickey come inside . she close the door behind he . mickey ( overlap ) I get two minute . ' Cause , God , the show be kill I . I get a million appointment today . it just so happen it fall this way . Hannah continue to nod patiently , patting mickey on the back , as they make they way across the foyer into the de , where the twin be play . mickey wear he coat . mickey I gotta see new comedian later , I have gotta - - hannah ( interrupt ) two minute on you son ' birthday . you know , it 's not go to kill you . her voice trail off as mickey walk over to the twin . mickey happy birthday , fella ! happy birthday ! Hannah 's twin greet mickey with cry of " hi , daddy ! " and indistinct chatter . hannah ( overlap they chatter , bend down to talk to she son ) guy , look what daddy bring . present ! mickey hand a gift to each twin . they grow quiet , suddenly shy . mickey ( to he son ) yeah , be not you like , you know ... hannah ( overlap ) huh ? mickey ( continue , hold out he arm ) ... a little , uh , hey ! a little hug ! what be this ? now how ' bout a little action from the kid ? the twin put down they gift , one on the sofa , one on the coffee table , and hug they father . mickey ( turn to Hannah ) how be everything ? hannah ( pick up the gift on the sofa and nodd ) everything 's good . everything 's fine . mickey ( nodd , overlap ) yeah ? yeah ? ( point ) okay , kid , you can open the present now . hannah ( overlap ) here , you guy . open they up . Hannah make room on the coffee table for the gift she be hold ; she place it next to the other one . the boy start open they . mickey let I get a little reaction here . ( to Hannah , put he hand in he pocket ) how 's elliot ? hannah he 's fine . mickey yeah ? hannah ( overlap ) oh , you know what ? I be try to convince he to produce a play . mickey oh ! hannah I think he will find that satisfy . mickey ( nodd ) really ? that will be terrific for he , I think . hannah I think so . mickey I like he . I think he 's a sweet guy . hannah ( stroking one of the twin ' back ) yeah . mickey the few time that I have meet he ... ( point to the baseball mitt twin # 1 , have take out of he box ) be not that a great mitt ? twin # 1 thank you , daddy . mickey ( overlap to Hannah ) ' Cause he 's a loser . hannah ( overlap , to twin # 1 ) ohh ! mickey ( overlap , gesture ) h-he 's so awkward and he 's clumsy like I ... hannah ( overlap , chuckle ) I know , I know . mickey ( overlap ) ... so I , so I like that . I always like a underconfident person ... hannah ( overlap , touch the mitt and reacting ) that 's really nice ! mickey ( still rambling on , gesture to Hannah ) ... you know ? I , uh ... hannah ( overlap ) you know , he 's be want a mitt . she help twin # 2 open he present . it 's a football . mickey you have always have good taste in husband , so ... hannah ( chuckle and nodd ) thanks , thanks . mickey mh-hm . hannah ( lean down to look at the football ) that 's a beauty ! mickey be not that great ? hannah oh ! mickey ( point , to twin # 2 ) go right over there . hannah football ! twin # 2 , panting , run offscreen to catch the football . mickey ( to the offscreen twin ) come on ! hurry up ! let 's go ! hannah ( look offscreen at twin # 2 ) wow ! mickey ( still point , gear up for the pass ) go out , go out by the sung vase and , and catch this . mickey throw the football . mickey see ? ( whistling ) hannah ( point offscreen ) hey , d -- watch , watch the picture . there 's a sound of break glass . Hannah and mickey react . CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - day mickey be walk up a West side street , he hand in he coat pocket . Jazz play in the background as he talk over the screen . mickey ( v.o. ) gee , Hannah 's sweet . although , sometimes I still do get angry when I think of thing . oh , what the hell . at least , I be not pay child support . ( sighing ) oh , God , I hope there 's nothing physically wrong with I , either . mickey push open the outside door of Dr. abel 's office , as the movie cut to the doctor 's consultation room . the doctor be frame in the doorway , look through a file cabinet . dr . abel ( take out mickey 's file ) so what 's the , uh , problem this time ? mickey ( offscreen ) this time I really think I have something . while mickey answer he offscreen , Dr. abel turn and walk toward he . the camera follow the doctor 's movement from the other side of the wall , obscure he briefly . it move across a dark examine - room wall to a second doorway , where mickey sit on a stool , continue to talk to the offscreen Dr. abel . mickey ( onscreen ) I mean , I be absolutely convinced that - that -- you know , I mean , it 's not like that adenoidal thing , you know , where I do not realize I have they out . Dr. abel walk back onscreen . both he and mickey be now see through the second doorway . Dr. abel sniff and stand directly in front of the sit mickey . he stare down at he as mickey talk . mickey ( continue , gesture ) so , so , but it be when I be young , so -- dr . abel ( overlap , interrupt ) you know , I see you father this week about he sinus ... mickey ( fold he arm on he chest ) mm-hm . dr . abel ( continue ) ... and , uh , he complain of chest pain . mickey well , this guy 's the real hypochondriac of the family . I mean , he 's , you know , he 's - - dr . abel ( interrupt ) you mention on the phone that you would have some dizziness . mickey ( rub he hand on he knee ) yes , a little dizziness , and I think , I think I be develop a hearing loss in my right ear ( poke at he ear and gesture ) ... or my leave ear , my , my leave ...oh , n-n- n- no . no , I be sorry . it be my right , my right , my right or my leave ear . Dr. abel chuckle . mickey ( nodd and gesture ) now I can - can not remember . dr . abel let 's take a look . a uptempo big -band sound be hear as the movie cut to mickey 's examination , beginning with a close - up of Dr. abel use a otoscope to examine the ear of a nervous mickey . next be a hearing test . the film show the doctor 's hand turn the dial on a sonometer . mickey sit on a nearby high stool , large earphone on he head . he listen with such concentration that he squint he eye . he hold up a finger in response to the sound he hear in he headset . finally , the film show Dr. abel hit a large turn fork with he finger . he put the vibrate fork to mickey 's ear . mickey , look up at the offscreen doctor 's face , nod . the music stop as the film cut back to Dr. abel 's consultation room . Dr. abel walk from the examine room , through the consultation room , to a second examine room across the way . he talk to the offscreen mickey as he walk . dr . abel well , I be sorry to say you have have a significant drop in the high - decibel range of you right ear . mickey ( offscreen ) really ?! Dr. abel move offscreen in the second examine room . the camera stay focus on the doorway to this room as the doctor and mickey talk offscreen . dr . abel ( offscreen ) have you be expose to a loud noise recently , or do you have a virus ? mickey ( offscreen ) no , I - I have be perfectly healthy . you know I . Dr. abel briefly pass by the doorway . mickey ( offscreen ) I always , I - I always imagine that I have thing . dr . abel ( offscreen ) when do you first notice this ? mickey ( offscreen ) oh , uh , about a month ago . wha - what do I have ? look preoccupy , Dr. abel walk back into the consultation room , hold mickey 's open file . he stride over to he desk , revealing a frighten mickey , sit in a chair opposite it . still stand , the doctor lean over the desk , he back to the camera , and make a few note in the file . dr . abel you have have some dizzy spell . ( sighing ) what about ringing and buzzing ? have you , uh , notice any of that ? mickey ( gesture ) yes , now - now that you mention it , uh , I - I - I have , uh , buzzing and also ringing . ringing and buzzing . um , be I go deaf , or something ? dr . abel ( make more note in the file ) and it 's just in one ear ? mickey ( pick at he finger ) yes , be it , be it , uh , healthier to have problem in both ear ? Dr. abel chuckle as he close mickey 's file and straighten up . the camera look past he back and shoulder to the anxious mickey . dr . abel ( he face offscreen ) what I would like to do , be to make a appointment for you at the hospital . I would like to have they run some test . mickey the hospital ? what kind of test ? Dr. abel lay he pen across mickey 's close file . he walk around he desk and sit on its edge close to mickey . dr . abel ( sighing ) now , do not get alarmed . this be just more sophisticated audiometry test than I can run here . ( gesture ) I mean , it 's , it 's nothing . mickey ( gesture ) well , if it 's nothing , then why do I have to go into the hospital at all ? I mean , uh , I hear perfectly fine , so I be , so I be a little weak on the , on the high decibel . so I , you know , I will not go to the opera . dr . abel ( sniff ) you know , there 's no reason for panic . I just want to rule out some thing . mickey like what ? dr . abel ( shaking he head ) it 's nothing . will you trust I ? CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day mickey stand in a telephone booth on a corner near Dr. abel 's office ; he talk on the phone . it be raining . a man and a woman hold a umbrella pass by ; traffic move across a nearby intersection . mickey ( into the telephone ) huh , uh , hello , Dr. wilk ? Dr. wilk , this be mickey sach . you have a minute ? I want to ask you a question . the film cut to Dr. wilk , on the telephone at he end . he be in he office ; he lean back in he chair , dangle he stethoscope as he speak . behind he , a chest X -ray be mount on a light panel . dr . wilk ( into the telephone ) sure , mickey . what 's up ? the movie cut back and forth between mickey in he phone booth ask question and Dr. wilk in he office answer they . mickey ( into the telephone , gesture ) I - if you have , i- if you have a hearing loss in one ear , and - and it 's not from a , uh , virus or a loud noise or anything , wh- what be the possibility ? dr . wilk ( into he telephone ) anything . uh , often it 's hereditary . flu , uh , even a small noise will do it . mickey ( into the telephone ) uh , right , but - but nothing worse ? dr . wilk ( into the telephone ) well , yes , I guess the , uh , dark side of the spectrum be a brain tumor . mickey ( into the telephone , reacting with a blank stare ) really ? CUT to : int . mickey' office - night gail , wear she glass , stand behind a crowded but well - order desk . two assistant , a man and a woman , stand around she . gail ( hand they each some page of script ) okay , so here 's the new page . woman ( look over the page ) say , do card get this ? gail ( scratch she head ) no , not yet . no. man ( look over he page ) well , let 's hope it 's good . gail yeah , really . really . the assistant walk off . as they leave , gail call out after they . gail eh , we will be down in a minute , okay ? the telephone start to ring , gail pause , look offscreen . she take off she glass and squint . gail mickey , what 's the matter with you ? you be all white ! the film cut to mickey , who be pace and wring he hand . he walk over to gail . the phone continue to ring . mickey I feel dizzy . sshh , you know , I do not feel well . he start to pant , look worriedly around the room . he continue to wring he hand as gail stare at he , concerned . mickey do you hear a ringing ? be there , be there a , be there a ringing sound ? ( sighing ) gail ( gesture ) yeah . yeah , yeah . I hear , I hear it . she sit down and pick up the phone . mickey ( shaking he head ) N - n- no , not that . gail ( overlap , into the telephone ) hello ? mickey ( cover first one ear , then the other , continue ) like -- ( put a finger into he ear , close he eye and listen ) gail ( into the telephone ) uh , yeah , yeah . we be go to be work late tonight . n- no , we will order out . it 's all right . yeah . gail hang up the phone . mickey ( turn to gail , gesture nervously ) sssss , if I have a brain tumor , I do not know what I be gonna do . ( sighing ) gail you do not have a brain tumor . he do not say you have a brain tumor . mickey ( sighing ) no , naturally ( gesture ) they be not gonna tell you , because , well , you know , th - - , sometimes the weaker one will panic if you tell them . gail ( point a finger at mickey ) but not you . mickey ( fling up he arm , sighing ) oh , God ! ( look around worriedly and touch gail 's shoulder ) do you hear a buzzing ? be there a buzzing ? he pants and begin to pace around the room . the camera follow he as he walk away from gail . gail ( impatiently ) mickey , come on , we get a show to do ! mickey ( pace ) I can not keep my mind on the show . gail ( offscreen ) but there 's nothing wrong with you . mickey ( sighing and gesture ) if there 's nothing wrong with I ( pace back to the desk and gail ) then why do he want I to come back for test ?! gail ( gesture ) well , he have to rule out certain thing . ( sighing ) mickey like what ?! what ? gail ( shrugging ) I do not know . Cancer , I -- mickey ( interrupt ) do not say that ! I do not want to hear that word ! ( gesture ) do not mention that while I be in the building . gail ( gesture ) but you do not have any symptom ! mickey ( gesture ) you -- I get the classic symptom of a brain tumor ! mickey sigh . gail two month ago , you think you have a malignant melanoma . mickey ( gesture ) naturally , I , I -- do you know I -- the sudden appearance of a black spot on my back ! gail it be on you shirt ! mickey ( sighing ) I - - how be I to know ?! ( point to he back ) everyone be point back here . he sigh again as gail , frustrated , gesture impatiently to the papers on the desk . gail come on , we have get to make some book decision . mickey begin pace around the room again . he wring he hand and blow on they . mickey I can not . I can not think of it . this morning , I be so happy , you know . now I , I do not know what go wrong . ( sighing ) gail eh , you be miserable this morning ! we get bad review , terrible rating , the sponsor be furious ... mickey ( pace back to the desk , still wring he hand ) no , I be happy , but I just do not realize I be happy . CUT to : the stanislavski cater company in action . sophisticate pop music play as the film cut to : int . loft - day a abstract painting on a wall fill the screen . Light laughter be hear , as well as the sophisticated music ; offscreen brunch guest chatter indistinctly . female brunch guest ( offscreen ) this thing be delicious ! what in the world be they ? Holly walk onto the screen in front of the painting . she hold a almost empty tray of hor d'oeuvre ; she wear a uniform . holly oh , um , that be quail egg . female brunch guest ( offscreen ) oh , they be very good . Holly walk past the painting towards the female brunch guest . a man walk in front of she . chatter , light laughter , and music be still hear ; a party be in progress . holly ( nodd ) yeah , my friend April make that . ( hold out the tray ) here , try the shrimp puff . this be delicious . female brunch guest ( take one from the tray ) oh , thank you . that look great . holly I make that . female brunch guest mmm . thanks . Holly laugh lightly as she walk away from the woman . holding she tray , she pass a large oval loft window and several cluster of brunch guest . they be eat and drink . no one pay any attention to she . holly ( to two male guest in she way ) Excuse I . one of the man , murmure he thanks , take a last shrimp puff as Holly pass . holly ( to the man ) thank you . Holly finally make she way into the cluttere loft kitchen . her tray be empty . april ( offscreen ) the stroganoff be ready . Holly , excited , run over to April , who be busy take the stroganoff out of the oven . she wear the same uniform as Holly : black skirt , white shirt , and black bowtie . holly ( animatedly ) we be a big hit . april oh , in this we be a big hit . yesterday I audition for come back Little sheba . that , I be not such a big hit . April , hold the stroganoff , dash out of the kitchen to serve the party guest . Holly call after she , offscreen , as David walk past the hurry April into the kitchen . holly ( offscreen ) you will be . you will be . you will get five job next week . David walk over to Holly , who be busy at the pot-and - pan - cover stove . david ( to Holly ) Excuse I , be there any more claim ? holly ( gesture at some canap warming on the stove ) only a few . a few. ( chuckle as David take one ) do you like them ? david I can not resist . holly ( busily work at the stove ) really ? how flatter ! do you try the shrimp puff ? david ( eat a canap and point at Holly ) listen , you guy be too attractive to be caterer . something 's wrong . holly we be actress . david be this you first job ? holly ( grab a quiche from a overhead stove ) really ? be the food that bad ? david ( shaking he head ) oh no . not at all . as Holly carry the quiche outside to the party , April come back into the kitchen from another doorway . Music , as well as the chatter of mingling guest , be hear in the background . april we need more bread and some baked lasa -- ( realize Holly be not there and , at the same time , notice David ) uh , lasagne . ( turn to David ) hi . david ( stand by the sink as he wipe he hand and mouth with a napkin ) I know . you be a actress with a great flair for shrimp puff . april ( work at the stove , point a finger for emphasis ) uh , no , the shrimp puff be Holly 's . I do the , uh , crupe caviar . she walk past David to a counter where she begin to fold napkin . David lean back against the sink . david and the quail be responsible for the quail egg . april ( turn to David and chuckle ) well , let 's hope so . Holly enter the kitchen hold out a plate of clam . she walk over to David . holly here , I steal you a couple of extra clam . david ( take the plate ) ah! holly ( look busily around the room ) now . david ( overlap , gesture ) incidentally , I be David tolchin . april ( turn to David ) oh , uh , April knox . hi. they shake hand . david ( look at she ) hi. april ( leave the counter and squeezing past David and Holly ) oh. holly ( overlap , move out of April 's way ) I be sorry . April walk offscreen to another area of the kitchen . Holly pick up a napkin from the crowded table . david ( overlap Holly 's apology , turn to she ) you be Holly . holly ( nodd , look at David as she wipe she hand with the napkin ) yeah , we be the stanislavski cater company . david ( chew on a clam canap ) now I be go to tell you the truth . I really come in here because I be bored stiff by the party . holly ( laugh , still wiping she hand ) what make you think we be more interesting ? David walk around the table , put the plate of clam down on the already crowded surface . Holly follow he , chuckle , throw she napkin into a offscreen garbage can as David stop at a small television set near the doorway . guest in the other room can be see chat together in cluster . david ( turn on the set ) actually , I be go to listen to aida , if I be not get in you way . can laughter and miscellaneous chatter be hear from the television set . David watch the set , still munch on a clam , while Holly and April reassure he offscreen . april ( offscreen ) no ...no. no -- ( sniff ) holly ( offscreen , overlap ) not at all . David check he wristwatch as Holly walk over to he . holly ( gesture , fiddling with another napkin ) we see , um , pavarotti , eh , uh , in ernani at the met , and I cry ... david ( nodd , he hand still on he watch as he look at Holly ) I cry at the opera . april ( offscreen ) oh , I - i- I go limp in the last scene in La traviata . limp . Holly chuckle as David , listen to April , impressed , walk over to she . she be stand by the table . david ( nodd , to April ) I , too . I have a private box at the met. ( gesture ) I bring my little bottle of wine , I open it , I sit there and I watch and ( glance over to the offscreen Holly ) I cry . it 's disgusting . April chuckle as Holly walk back onscreen ; she be busy prepare another tray of hor d'oeuvre . holly ( gesture ) oh , what , what do you do ? david ( nodd ) I be a architect . april wha -- ( turn to glance at Holly ) what kind of thing do you build ? david be you really interested ? april yeah . holly ( nodd ) yeah . david what time do you get off ? the three exchange glance . Holly shrug . CUT to : ext . manhattan STREET - day a contemporary red building , design by David , be see , squeeze in between two older building . Holly , April , and David talk offscreen . holly ( offscreen ) wow , it 's the red one ? april ( offscreen ) oh , it 's magnificent ! david ( offscreen ) yeah . holly ( offscreen ) it 's terrific ! the film move down from the building to reveal the trio sit in David 's jaguar across the street . David and April sit in the front seat ; Holly sit scrunch up in back , she head slightly forward . david ( gesture , look back and forth from the building to Holly and April ) the design 's deliberately noncontextural . but I want to ... keep the atmosphere of the street , you know , and the proportion . holly ( nodd ) uh-huh . david and in the material . that 's ... that 's unpolish red granite . ( pause as he watch Holly and April 's reaction ) holly oh ! april ( overlap ) oh , be that what it be ? holly ( start to speak ) uh -- april ( interrupt , nodd at Holly ) I - i- it have a o-organic quality , you know . holly ( nodd , overlap ) right . april ( look back at the building with reverence ) it 's almost ... almost , uhhh , entirely wholly interdependent , if you know what I mean . i- I ... I can not put it into word . the important thing be - be - be it - it breathes . david ( turn to April , emphatically ) you know , April , people pass by vital structure in this city all the time , and they never take the time to appreciate they . I get the feel you tune in to you environment . april ( shaking she head ) oh -- holly ( interrupt , gesture and nodd ) oh , it 's really important . David turn and briefly glance at Holly ; he then turn back to April . april ( look only at David ) what be you favorite building , David ? david you want to see some ? april ( nodd ) oh , yeah . david well , let 's do it . april ( look at David ) great . David start the car and the movie cut to a unfold visual excursion through New York City 's landmark building , as see from the trio 's point of view in the move jaguar . inspiring classical music play in the background . the series of shot include the dakota , complete with surround winter tree , the graybar building on lexington Avenue , a incredibly ornate building on seventh Avenue and fifty-eighth Street , a red-stone church , a old building with embellish , bulg window on West forty -fourth Street , the Art Deco Chrysler Building , a red-brick building , abigail Adams 's old stone house , and the pomander walk nestle off Broadway on the Upper West side . the group can be see walk down the path between the old - fashioned row house and shrubbery . a lamppost sit in the foreground . it be now dark . the music continue to play as the film cut to the faade of a rococo-style building , complete with french door and ornate window . the admire group be hear offscreen . holly ( offscreen ) oh , it 's just so romantic . I just want to put on a long gown ... david ( offscreen , overlap ) yes . holly ( offscreen , continue ) ... and open the french door and go on the balcony -- april ( offscreen , interrupt ) it 's french , though . it really be . holly ( offscreen ) yeah . april ( offscreen , overlap ) it feel like you be in France . david ( offscreen , overlap ) it - it be . it 's romantic . the music stop . the screen , which have be explore the rococo building 's faade , now show the equally elegant building alongside it . david ( offscreen ) and it 's get a handsome partner sit right beside it . holly ( offscreen ) yeah . david ( offscreen , overlap ) they fit right in together . and you eye go along , lull into complacency , and then ... the film move from the two elegant faade to show a ugly , ultra-modern structure cover with tiny , diamond - shape motif . april ( offscreen ) that 's just -- david ( offscreen , interrupt ) look at this . holly ( offscreen ) that 's disgusting ! april ( offscreen , continue ) ...a monstrosity ! who would do that ? holly ( offscreen , overlap ) it 's really terrible . david ( offscreen , emphatically ) it 's really sad . holly ( offscreen ) and it ruin everything else . david ( offscreen , agree ) it do . the film move from the ugly faade to the building 's equally ugly entrance . a large car be park right in front of the building . april ( offscreen ) well ... we have see a lot of stuff today , though . holly ( offscreen , chuckle ) yeah . david ( offscreen , overlap ) yeah . april ( offscreen , overlap ) a lot of work . the group be now see walk down the canopy entrance stair of a apartment house on the other side of the street , where they would be gaze at both the lovely and ugly faades across the way . David be in the lead ; the woman follow , Holly slightly behind April . holly ( nodd ) yeah . david ( glance at he watch ) maybe we should start think about go home , huh ? holly fast . april oh , geez , yeah . holly ( overlap ) okay . they walk towards the car . david ( look back at the woman as he walk around the car to the driver 's side ) uh , who get drop first ? april uh -- holly ( overlap , look at April ) oh , gee , I do not know . um ... david ( offscreen , overlap ) well ... april ( overlap ) well , I live downtown . holly ( glance at April ) yeah , I , we both live downtown . David lean over the roof of the car , look at the woman , wait for they decision . april ( gesture ) uh ... holly ( to David ) it depend on what way you want to go . april ( overlap ) well , wait . you know what ? I know . holly uh ... april ( to Holly , gesture ) if ... well , if we take the , if we take fifth , then - then - then we would get to you house first , yeah ? david ( overlap , nodd ) we could ... we could do that . holly ( nodd ) right . yeah , but fifth be so jamme , be not it ? she look at David . april ( overlap , to Holly ) well , sometimes , some , uh ... holly ( interrupt ) I mean , it 's jamme . if we go ... um ... both she and April mumble awkwardly . david ( point to Holly , interrupt they chatter ) y- you live in chelsea , do not you ? holly ( nodd at David ) yes . david well , i- I guess if you live in chelsea , that 's probably first . holly ( nodd nervously ) oh , okay . april yeah . david and then , uh , April ... huh ? april ( overlap , nodd ) great . they get into the car . once again Holly 's in the backseat . the classical music begin anew . the movie cut briefly to cut to the traffic and light of a Manhattan avenue as see from the move jaguar . it then move to a close - up of Holly , sit in the backseat , she head near the window . she be stare straight ahead . holly ( v.o. ) naturally I get take home first . well , obviously he prefer April . of course I be so tongue - tie all night . I can not believe I say that about the guggenheim . my stupid little roller-skating joke . I should never tell joke . Mom can tell them and Hannah , but I kill them . ( glaring at the offscreen April 's back ) where do April come up with that stuff about adolph loos and term like " organic form " ? ( look out the side window , pause for a moment ) well , naturally . she go to Brandeis . the movie cut to Holly 's point of view : the front seat where David and April sit , the jaguar 's windshield , and the pass light and traffic of the street . Holly continue she rumination as April lean over to say something to David . holly ( v.o. ) but I do not think she know what she 's talk about . could you believe the way she be call he David ? " yes , David . I feel that way , too , David . what a marvelous space , David . " ( emphatically ) I hate April . she 's pushy . the film move back to Holly in the backseat , still lose in think . holly ( v.o. ) now they will dump I and she will invite he up . I blow it . ( sighing , look out the side window ) and I really like he a lot . oh , screw it . I be not gonna get all upset . I have get read to do tonight . you know , maybe I will get into bed early . I will turn to a movie and take a extra seconal . the classical music stop and some uptempo jazz begin . the screen cut to black and a title appear . " ... nobody , not even the rain , have such small hand . " CUT to : ext . STREET outside frederick's loft - day the movie briefly hold on a rip , red , paint -splatter door as elliot , wear a raincoat , appear nearby . he look down the street and the film cut to he point of view : Frederick 's loft building . the movie go back to the impatient elliot ; he 's look around he . he glance at he watch as the film cut back once again to the loft building , where Lee finally appear , walk down the street away from elliot . a truck pass down the street . Lee do not see he . she walk further and further away ; she turn a corner . elliot frantically look around again ; then , in a burst of decision , he run around a garbage dump , crossing the street , and still run , he move down a adjacent street , past the Canal lumber company and several other building , as the film cut back to Lee , walk down a different street , oblivious . the jazz play on as the movie cut back and forth between the fast- move elliot , rush down the soho street , past a truck wait for a light to change , past some pedestrian , some garbage can , turn corner , and the strolling Lee , walk up different street , past different building . Lee eventually cross a street , lose in think , look right and leave , as elliot , pretend nonchalance , wait on the corner , look at he watch . she look up in surprise ; the music stop . elliot ( try not to sound out of breath ) oh , my goodness ! lee ( overlap , smile in surprise ) oh , elliot ! elliot hi. lee ( smile ) what be you do here ? elliot ( look around , gesture ) well , I be - I be look for a bookstore . lee ( shaking she head ) oh , what , in this section of town ? elliot yes . yeah , I - I be kill -- lee ( overlap ) you be out look here ? elliot ( glance at he watch again ) well , yes , I be kill time . I have a client near here and I ... I be quite early . lee ( laugh ) ohhhh ! elliot ( gesture ) how about you ? lee oh. well , I live -- elliot ( interrupt , chuckle ) oh , yes ! you live near here , do not you ? lee ( overlap , chuckle ) yes , I do . elliot ( put he hand behind he back ) where be you head ? lee oh , I be just go to my aa meeting . elliot oh , my goodness . well , why do you still go to that ? you never tough alcohol . they begin to walk down the street . lee ( laugh ) well , listen , you do not know I before Frederick . I would ... I would start with a beer at about ten in the morning , and ... go on . elliot ( look at Lee ) oh . you must have be , uh , very unhappy . lee yeah , unhappy and fat . ( chuckle ) and I still find the meeting very comforting , you know . she shrug . elliot I will never understand it . you be so bright and charming and beautiful . lee ( laugh ) oh , God . elliot ( overlap , chuckle ) I think to myself ( laugh ) what problem could she possibly have ? lee ( gesture , laugh ) do not let I get start on my childhood . ( stop in she track , remember ) oh , you know what ? there be a bookstore . elliot ( stop alongside she ) yes ? lee ( overlap , point ) a couple of block from here . if you do not know about it , you should . you would really love it . elliot yes ? lee ( nodd ) yeah , you would . elliot ( look around for a moment , then gesture to Lee ) well , i- if - if you have some free time ... lee ( nodd ) yeah , sure . ( chuckle ) elliot thank you . they begin to walk again as the movie cut to the interior of the pageant Book &amp ; print shop , a old , serious bookstore . a nude print hang at the end of one of the library shelf - like bookcase , which be pack , row after row , with book . a unseen elliot and Lee carry on a conversation as the camera move down a aisle , past the row of book . a piano play " bewitch " be hear . picture hang on the aisle end of the shelf . lee ( offscreen ) be not this great ? ( chuckle ) they have everything here . elliot ( offscreen , distract ) yes , it 's - it 's wonderful . lee ( offscreen ) what book do you want to buy ? elliot ( offscreen ) what ? Book ? lee ( offscreen ) you book ? you want to buy a book ? the camera move past another aisle of book to reveal Lee , browsing through a shelf . elliot ( offscreen ) oh , book ? oh , no , I ... ( laugh ) I be kill time . I ... i- I just , uh , w-want to browse , uh ... lee ( look up at a row of book ) well , you sure pick the right place . I mean , you can stay here all afternoon , not buy anything and just read . she walk down a center aisle , the camera still in its parallel aisle , follow she . elliot ( offscreen ) unless , of course , if - if you have some time , I mean , we could get some coffee . lee no , I do not have time . Lee stop at the row where elliot have be browsing . she be hide by a shelf ; only elliot be see as he talk to the offscreen Lee . elliot ( gesture ) no , no . i- i- I understand completely . no problem . y- you be busy . i- I - I ... lee ( offscreen , chuckle ) you seem tense . be everything all right ? you feel okay ? elliot ( overlap ) no! no ... lee ( offscreen ) no ? elliot ( gesture , look at book ) uh , yes ! lee ( offscreen ) yes ? elliot start walk down the center aisle , in the same direction Lee have walk up . he continue to talk to she as she remain offscreen in a nearby row . elliot ( offscreen momentarily , hide by a shelf as he talk ) yes . lee ( offscreen ) everything 's okay ? ( chuckle ) elliot yeah . how be you ? lee ( offscreen ) I be ... all right . elliot ( offscreen momentarily , hide by another shelf as he walk ) how-how 's Frederick ? elliot stop walk to browse through some book . " bewitch " still play . lee ( offscreen ) Fine . oh , we go to the caravaggio exhibition at the met . it 's such a treat to go through a museum with Frederick . I mean ... you learn so much . do you like caravaggio ? elliot ( turn to talk to the offscreen Lee ) oh , yes . who do not ? ( point ) look ! elliot turn and walk back down the center aisle to a row of book he would already pass . elliot ( point to a book on a shelf , continue ) e.e. cumming . I would like to get you this . lee ( offscreen , laugh ) oh , no , I can not let you get I that . that 's too much . elliot ( pull the book off the shelf and browsing through it ) oh , oh , yes . i- I - I - would like to , uh , uh , very much . lee ( offscreen ) no , I do not think so . elliot ( gesture with the book , look at the offscreen Lee ) i- I read a poem of you and think of he last week . ( nervously laugh , try to correct he mistake ) a poem of ( laugh ) he and think of you last -- ( laugh ) you will be fine , though . ( chuckle ) Lee walk over to elliot in the center aisle . she look at the book . lee ( overlap ) uh , uh , this be great . I mean , I love e.e. cumming , but I can not let you get this . elliot ( overlap , patting the book ) yes , I would ... i- I - I would love , I would love to get you this . lee ( look down at the book ) well , sure . elliot ( overlap ) and - and maybe , um ... maybe we could discuss it sometime . he hand Lee the book . she thumb through it , as the movie cut to : the street outside the bookstore . Lee , hold the book in a brown bag , and elliot be walk out . lee ( laugh , hold up the bag ) well , thanks a lot . elliot ( point to the bookstore ) thanks for show I the bookstore . perhaps you could , uh , take I to a aa meeting sometime . uh...uh , I would love to see what go on . lee ( nodd ) well , yeah , yeah . you would love it . it 's really entertaining . you would have a good time . ( step closer to the curb and hail a cab ) I know you would . elliot ( point to the book ) and , uh , d- do not forget the poem on page a hundred and twelve . it remind I of you . a taxi pull over to the curb ; they walk over to it . lee ( laugh ) really ? well ... elliot open the rear door for Lee . she laugh as she get in . elliot ( lean down to talk to Lee in the cab ) page a hundred and twelve . lee bye . elliot ( close the taxi door for Lee ) bye . he watch the taxi pull away . CUT to : int . frederick's loft bedroom - night Lee , in slack and shirt , be curl up on the bed , she back to the camera , as she read the e.e. cumming poem in the glow of a night - table lamp . the piano music be still hear . lee ( v.o. ) ( read ) " you slight look easily will unclose I though I have close myself as finger , you open always petal by petal myself ... as Lee continue to read aloud , the movie cut to elliot 's darken de , light by a light in the hallway . elliot enter , wear a robe , crossing the room in the dark . lee ( v.o. ) ( continue read ) " ... as spring open [ touch skillfully , mysteriously ] she first rise [ i do not know what it be about you that close and open ; only something in I understand the voice of you eye be deeper than all rose ] ... elliot turn on a light . the camera stay on he face as he look off into the distance , mouth indistinctly the line of poetry Lee next read . lee ( v.o. ) ( continue read ) " nobody , not even the rain , have such small hand . " the film leave elliot 's face and cut back to the loft , where Lee , have finish the poem , sit up in the bed , stare pensively , lose in she thought . CUT to : the anxiety of the man in the booth . upbeat jazz begin to play and the film cut to : the faade of mount sinai Hospital . it be day . a few car whiz by as the film move inside , to various scene depict mickey 's comprehensive exam . first be a hearing test , and the movie cut to a darken hearing - test room . a light go on , revealing a slouched - over mickey sit in a glass booth . he be wear a set of headphone . the camera move back , revealing a technician at the console on the other side of the booth . mickey signal with he finger when he hear a sound on he headset . the jazz continue . next be a electronystagmography ( eng ) . graph paper roll out of a machine , and after a brief glimpse of the roll paper , the camera move over to show mickey lie terrify , without he glass , on a couch , with electrode stick all over he head . the film then cut to a bser test room , where mickey , sit in a corner chair , wear another set of headphone . a electrode be attach to he forehead ; a nearby technician sit at a computer video screen , look at a monitoring graph . last but not least be the tomography . over the shoulder of a technician in a booth , a large window display a huge , white rotate machine . it make a whoosh noise as it turn . the camera move down the giant cranelike device to reveal mickey , once again lie down , this time on a table , he eye close , underneath it . CUT to : int . dr . grey' office - day a sit Dr. grey , he back to the camera , be examine a group of x-ray clipped to the light board behind he desk . dr . grey I be not too happy with the result of you eng or you bser either . the doctor turn he chair around to face a tense mickey sit on the other side of he desk . dr . grey uh , which be why I send you to tomography , which be all that stuff you see roll around . ( point to a spot on one of the x-ray ) you see this little gray area here ? mickey stare at the x-ray , horrify . dr . grey that gray area 's what I have hope that we would not run into . I would like you to come in Monday morning for , uh , a cat scan . mickey ( reacting ) a brain scan ? dr . grey ( gesture ) Mr. sach , let 's take one step at a time . we will not make any decision until we have all the information in front of we , all right ? CUT to : ext . mount sinai hospital - day mickey be see leave the hospital . he stride slowly , he shoulder slouched , he hand in he pocket . his voice be hear over the screen as he cross the street , continue he self - absorb walk on the opposite side . occasional traffic go by . mickey ( v.o. ) okay ... take it easy . he do not say you have anything . he just do not like the spot on you X -ray , that 's all . it do not mean you have anything . do not jump to conclusion . ( sighing ) nothing 's gonna happen to you . you be in the middle of New York City . this be you town . you be surround by people and traffic and restaurant . mickey brushes against a heavyset man who give he a nasty look . mickey be so daze , he do not even notice . mickey ( v.o. ) I mean , God , how can you , how can you just one day ... vanish ? keep calm . you be gonna be okay . do not panic . CUT to : int . mickey' apartment / bedroom loft - night the dark bedroom be abruptly light as mickey , lie in he bed , wake up with a start and turn on he night - table lamp . mickey ( v.o. ) I be die ! I be die ! I know it ! there 's a spot on my lung ! ( sit up , put on he glass ) all right now , take it easy , will you ? it 's not on you lung . it 's on you ear . no , it 's the same thing , be not it ? ( pull the sheet off and sit on the edge of he bed ) oh , jeez , I can not sleep ! oh , God , there 's a tumor in my head the size of a basketball ! ( put on he slipper ) n- now I keep think I can feel it every time I blink ! oh , Jesus ! he-he -he want I to do a brain scan to confirm what he already suspect . mickey , still ruminate , stand up . fix he pants , he walk out of he bedroom loft into a dark upper hallway . mickey ( v.o. ) ( run he hand along a banister ) look ... I will make a deal with God . let it just be my ear , okay ? I will go deaf . I will go deaf and blind in one eye maybe . but I do not want a brain operation ! once they go into my skull , I will - I will wind up like the guy with the , with the wool cap who deliver for the florist ! he walk down a spiral staircase into the dark live room . mickey ( v.o. ) oh , relax , will ya ? you whole life you run to doctor . the news be always fine . ( pause at the bottom of the stair ) that 's not true . what about year ago ? the film cut to a flashback of mickey 's past . Dr. Smith , sit behind he desk , face the camera . row of periodicals line the wall behind he . dr . smith ( gesture with one hand ) I be sorry to say , Mr. sach , that you can not have child . the camera move to Dr. Smith 's point of view : Hannah and mickey , sit on the opposite side of the desk . they look stunne . mickey ( reacting , put he hand across he chest ) gee . hannah ( reacting ) be there no chance ? dr . smith ( get up from he desk ) well , naturally , this do not mean that you can not have a normal sex life . ( walk over to the open office door and close it ) but Mr. sach 's test indicate that he be infertile . small sperm volume and infertile . the camera move back to the stunne mickey and Hannah , follow Dr. Smith with they eye . mickey ( gesture , look up at a offscreen Dr. Smith ) be not there anything I can do ? push -up or hormone ? dr . smith ( offscreen ) I be afraid not . mickey well , I gotta get a second opinion . hannah ( turn to mickey ) this be the second opinion . mickey ( shrugging ) well , then a third opinion . Dr. Smith walk back to he high - back leather chair behind the desk and sit down . as he talk , the camera move closer and closer to he face . dr . smith I realize this be a blow . my experience be that many very fine marriage become unstable and be destroy by a inability to deal with this sort of problem . I hope you will not make too much of it . one can adopt child , and there be various artificial method of fertilization . CUT to : ext . grove STREET in greenwich village - day mickey and Hannah walk on the sidewalk , oblivious of the pass pedestrian . Hannah , cry , blow she nose . mickey ( gesture ) I be so humiliate . I do not know what to say . I mean -- hannah ( interrupt , wiping she eye with she tissue ) could you have ruin yourself somehow ? mickey ( gesture ) how could I ruin myself ? what do you mean , ruin myself ? hannah ( overlap , look at mickey ) I do not know . excessive masturbation ? mickey hey , you gonna start knock my hobby ? Jesus ! Hannah sob , clutching she tissue to she face . mickey maybe , maybe we can adopt a child . he say you could adopt one -- hannah ( interrupt ) well , what about artificial insemination ? mickey ( gesture ) what be you talk about ? hannah ( overlap ) you know , where I - i- I would get implant from a-a donor . mickey ( reacting ) what , by a st-stranger ? deep in conversation , they cross a tree-line street . they pass a yellow wood - frame house border by a wrought- iron fence . hannah yeah , they have this bank , you know , where they keep they freeze . mickey ( gesture ) fro - -? you want a-a defrost kid ? be that you idea ? hannah I want to experience childbirth . mickey with a , with a stranger ? with a-- hannah ( interrupt , sniff ) just think about it . that 's all I ask . they walk offscreen and the film cut to Hannah and mickey 's live room . the room be brightly light ; it 's cluttere with pillow and plant . norman and Carol , he wife , sit on the couch drink coffee . carol ( put down she cup ) oh , that be a wonderful show . I think that 's the best show you two ever write . norman ( hold he cup , point emphatically ) no , the funniest show that mickey and I ever do be the one we win the Emmy for . mickey walk from the kitchen into the live room , hold a half - eat chocolate cake on a serve plate . the sun pour through the window he pass . Hannah be briefly see in the background , prepare more coffee in the kitchen . mickey yeah ... i- I think as , I think as far as laugh , I mean just plain laugh , you know , that be probably the best thing that we ever do . mickey put the cake down on the coffee table , which be already crowded with assort plant , plate , and a bamboo tray hold utensil and napkin . norman ( agree ) mm-hm . carol ( overlap , she hand over she cross knee and nodd ) yeah , it be funny , it be very funny . but the show be about the two frenchmen , now that be funny and it be warm . mickey sigh and flop down on a adjoin couch . he rub he forehead . norman ( to Carol , gesture with he cup ) we get that idea on that trip to Paris . carol ( nodd ) right . norman ( smile ) hmm ? carol ( to the offscreen Hannah ) do you remember that summer in France ? Hannah , you have jet lag for six straight week . norman chuckle . mickey ( sighing , almost mumble ) yeah , but it be , you know , I guess we have fun when we be there and , you know , it 's just , I - - norman ( overlap , nodd ) mm-hm . Hannah walk over to the group , hold a pot of coffee . she awkwardly step past mickey to pour coffee for norman and Carol . hannah ( to mickey ) sorry. ( to norman and Carol ) coffee ? listen , you guy , we be -- you want some more ? norman ( hold out he cup ) mmm . hannah ( refilling norman 's cup ) we-we ... we have something we -we really want to discuss with you . mickey ( overlap , cough ) yeah ... Hannah refill Carol 's cup . she put the pot down on the coffee table and sit down next to mickey . mickey ( stand up and gesture ) jeez , this be , this be , this be very delicate and - and I only bring this up amongst friend , you know . he start to pace . Hannah , she hand clasped near she face , glance briefly at Carol . mickey ( turn to the group as he pace behind the couch ) I mean ... ( grunt ) this be , uh ... this should not go any further than this room . norman ( sip he coffee ) I be all ear . Hannah sigh . mickey pause for a moment , collect he thought . mickey ( gesture and pace ) Hannah and I ...ca not have any child . now I - i- I do not want to get into whose fault it -- ( gesture ) it 's my fault that we can not and - and - and the detail be too embarrassing to -- hannah ( interrupt , nervously pick at she finger ) w-w- we - we have decide after a lot of discussion that we - we would try with artificial insemination . mickey stop he pace and look at the group . mickey ( put he hand on he hip ) yeah , I be not so sure that I , that I like that idea myself , anyway -- he start to pace behind the couch anew . hannah ( overlap ) um , i- I do not really want to , you know , go to a sperm bank or something , have some anonymous donor . ( gesture at norman and Carol ) i- I just , you know , I - i- I would not want that . mickey ( pace ) right . we feel that if we be gonna do it , that we would like somebody who we know and who we like and who be warm and bright and ... norman and Carol remain silent . hannah and you can say no ... you know . feel free to say no . w-we realize it have all kind of implication . mickey stop pace and lean on the couch behind norman . mickey yeah , but the - the point that , uh , that we be make here be that we need some sperm . mickey , rub he hand on he knee , lean back against the wall . norman and Carol turn to each other , reacting . norman ( sighing ) gee. ( chuckle ) well ... my first reaction after the initial shock be , uh , flatter that you would ask I . ( chuckle nervously ) Carol glance at norman . mickey ( point at himself ) yeah , well , I would be the father . ( point to norman ) you would just have to masturbate into a little cup . norman ( shrugging ) I can handle that . hannah ( scoot closer to Carol and norman on the couch , gesture ) obviously we wou - would not have intercourse . she chuckle nervously . carol ( to Hannah , chuckle nervously briefly ) gosh , listen . ( rub she nose ) I have gotta tell you the truth here . I be a little uneasy about this . hannah ( put she hand on Carol 's shoulder ) Carol , I know it 's a lot to ask . carol ( gesture ) well ... I feel for you . I do . I ... I be gonna cry . you want my husband to have a child with you ? hannah ( gesture ) ye -- d-d-d - do not answer now . just , you know , take it home and think about it for a while . norman ( hold he coffee cup , thoughtful ) I give blood before and , uh ... clothing to the poor . carol ( to norman , scratch she ear ) okay , norman , listen , I really want to talk about this at home . ( nodd as Hannah look briefly offscreen at mickey ) I think it 's a matter for you analyst ... and mine . norman ( emphatically ) and maybe my lawyer . he take a sip of coffee . hannah ( gesture ) you know , we -we understand completely if , you know , if you feel you would - you would rather not . ( chuckle nervously ) I do not mean to spoil the evening . ( rub she hand ) now let 's move on to another topic . Hannah reach for the cake as Carol and norman exchange glance , reacting . the flashback end . mickey be back in the present in he darken live room , illuminate by a glow from a window behind the couch . a coffee table sit in front of the couch . paper be scattered on the floor . mickey get up from the couch where he would be sit . he pace back and forth as he talk over the screen . mickey ( v.o. ) so you have my ex-partner 's baby . twin . maybe that do cause some trouble , but ( sighing ) I think we be drift apart anyhow . now instead of man and wife we be just good friend . Boy , love be really unpredictable . CUT to : int . metropolitan opera house - night manon lescaut be be perform . onstage , the soprano in the title role sing a mournful aria as she kneel by the ruin of a wagon . the background be dark . the film move up to the private box in the upper loge . David and Holly can be see from a distance sit in one of the box . David glance at she ; he reach down for a bottle of wine . the movie briefly cut back to the stage . the soprano be lean on a wagon wheel ; she voice soar . then it 's back to a closer look at Holly and David in they box . the aria continue as David hand a smile Holly a glass . he uncork the wine and pour some in both they glass . Holly mouth a thank you , glance around . they look at each other and raise they glass in a toast . CUT to : dusty buy this huge house in southampton . the opera audience be hear cheer , applaud , and sounding they " bravos . " the clap stop as the movie cut to Frederick 's loft . it be day . Lee , wear a baggy plaid shirt and jeans , have open the door for elliot and he client , wealthy rock star dusty frye . elliot ( lead the way into the loft , gesture ) Lee , Frederick ... say hello to dusty frye . Lee close the door behind the man and walk over to dusty . lee ( shaking dusty 's hand ) hi , dusty . dusty hi. Lee chuckle as she look at he ; he be wear sunglass , a red-imprinted T-shirt , and a baggy coat . she turn and walk with Frederick , elliot , and dusty farther into the loft , she hand clasped behind she back . elliot ( as he walk ) dusty 's just buy a huge house in southampton and he 's in the process of decorate it . dusty yeah . it 's kind of a weird place , actually . a lotta wall space . ( chuckle ) lee oh. they walk into the live room area of the loft , where Frederick , he hand in he pocket , neatly attire in vest sweater and white shirt , stand , wait . dusty ( to Frederick , give he a " hip " handshake ) how ya doin ' , man ? elliot ( to a less than enthusiastic Frederick ) I tell he about you work , and he 's very excited . dusty yeah , I get a Andy Warhol . and I get a Frank stella , too . oh , it 's very beautiful . ( gesture ) Big , weird ... you know . ( chuckle as he cross he arm on he chest ) if you stare at that stella too long , the color just seem to float . it 's kinda weird . Frederick cover he face to hide he disgust . lee ( chuckle , she arm cross ) be you excited about become a collector ? dusty yeah . lee ( nodd ) yeah ? dusty ( shrugging ) I get a lot more to learn , though . I really be not into art when I be a kid . lee ( nodd ) uh-huh . frederick ( address but not look at dusty ) do you appreciate drawing ? dusty ( shrugging ) yeah . ( chuckle as he notice and point to some offscreen drawing Frederick have set up ) oh! hey ! wow ! ( point to a offscreen nude draw ) she 's beautiful . but , uh , really , I -I - I - I need something ... I be look for something big . as dusty talk , the camera follow elliot , who walk past the other to examine the drawing more closely . two frame nude drawing of Lee be propped up on a easel . elliot glance admiringly at the drawing , then surreptitiously at Lee , admire she body as she converse with a offscreen dusty and Frederick . lee ( look at a offscreen Frederick , gesture ) big. Frederick , show he the oil . frederick ( offscreen ) they be in the basement . the camera leave elliot to follow the enthusiastic Lee as she take dusty by the arm and start lead he to the door . Frederick follow at a distance . lee ( to dusty ) Frederick 's do this whole new series that I be sure you would really love . dusty ( overlap , mutter ) well , be ... be they big ? lee yeah . some of they ... yeah , some of they be very big . dusty ' Cause I get a lot of wall space there . ( chuckle ) frederick ( angrily stop in he track ) I do not sell my work by the yard ! lee ( chuckle , reacting ) oh , Frederick ! the camera now move back to elliot , still stare at the nude drawing , as the sound of Frederick 's and dusty 's footstep be hear leave the loft . he turn and hesitantly smile to a offscreen Lee . elliot ( chuckle softly ) how 's everything ? lee ( walk onscreen towards elliot ) oh , you know ... I talk to Hannah this morning on the phone , and she say that you two might be go to the country for the weekend . elliot yeah , she love to go out in the wood . lee ( nodd , she arm clasped around she chest ) oh , yeah . elliot ( chuckle ) but I go nut . it 's a conflict . he laugh . Lee , uneasy , look down . lee I have to get my tooth clean this week . elliot oh , that 's nice . there 's a awkward moment of silence . elliot ( break the silence , point in the direction of the door ) I figure I would get , uh , Frederick and dusty together . lee ( look in the same direction , gesture ) oh , yeah , that 's really nice of you . elliot yes . this kid , he 's earn a trillion dollar . lee ( nodd , wrapping she arm around she chest again ) oh. elliot he 's get like six gold record . lee ( gesture , relieved that she 's find something to say ) oh , speak of record ... I buy that mozart Trio you recommend ... the camera follow Lee as she walk quickly to the stereo unit , pull a record off the shelf . lee ( continue ) ... and the man in the record shop show I another one that I think you would love . it 's a... another bach , second movement . she pull the record out of its jacket and put it on the turntable . elliot ( offscreen ) oh , you - you have that one ? lee ( work at the stereo , turn she head towards elliot ) yeah . elliot ( offscreen ) oh , I would love to hear it . bach 's concerto for harpsichord fill the room . lee ( put the turntable cover in place ) oh , and Holly meet a wonderful man who love opera . a architect . elliot ( offscreen ) oh , that 's nice . I would love to see she wind up settle . she 's a tense one . ( chuckle ) the record in place , Lee turn and lean back against the stereo unit . she listen to the music , she eye close . the record play for a few moment in the quiet room , as elliot walk over to Lee and lean against the shelf near she . lee ( intently ) be not that beautiful ? elliot ( look at Lee , he hand clasped in front of he ) I know this . bach . F minor concerto . it 's one of my favorite . Lee , smile , continue to listen to the music , she head down ; elliot stare at she . elliot ( after a pause ) uh...did you ever get around to e.e. cumming ? lee ( wrapping she arm around she chest and look away from elliot for a moment ) yes , he 's just adorable . elliot nod . lee ( awkwardly ) they have a very large gay clientele , you know , where I get my tooth clean , and ... all the hygienist now wear glove because they be afraid of aids . elliot ( take a breath ) oh , right . there be another moment of silence . elliot stare at Lee , who continue to look down , she arm around she chest . the harpsichord play on . elliot ( softly ) do you ever get around to the poem on page a hundred and twelve ? lee yes , it make I cry ( tentatively look at elliot ) it be so beautiful ... so romantic . Lee look down again ; the music play softly and elliot continue to stare at she , think . elliot ( v.o. ) I want so badly to kiss she . not here , you idiot . you have get to get she alone someplace . as elliot 's thought be hear over the scene , Lee glance around the loft , then begin to walk away . the camera follow she as she go past the nude drawing , which become the focus of attention as Lee walk offscreen . elliot ( v.o. ) but I have get to proceed cautiously . this be a very delicate situation . okay , uh ... ask she if you can see she for lunch or a drink tomorrow . Lee walk back onscreen , to the bookshelf behind the drawing . she take the e.e. cumming book from the shelf and flip through it as she walk back to elliot , who be still lean by the stereo , still ruminate . elliot ( v.o. ) and be ready to make light of the offer if she 's unresponsive . this have to be do very skillfully , very diplomatically . lee ( show elliot a poem in she book ) do you ever read this one --? elliot leap up , grab Lee , and kiss she passionately . Lee , surprised , push he away . lee elliot ! do not ! elliot Lee ! Lee ! Lee , I be in love with you . he kiss Lee again . he clumsily turn around ; she hump against the stereo unit . as Lee pull away , she smashes into the turntable . the needle scratch loudly . Lee , shocked , be gasp . the record , push to a different part of the concerto , now play a more complicated , faster fugue . elliot ( breathe hard ) oh ! lee ( gasp ) what be you do ?! elliot ( frantically ) I ...i be - I be - I be - I be sorry . I have to talk to you for ... there 's so much that I want to tell you . Lee stare at elliot in shock . lee ( still gasp ) elliot ! elliot ( gesture desperately ) I have be in love with you for so long . Frederick and dusty 's indistinct voice , raise in argument , be suddenly hear . elliot quickly turn away from Lee . she try to compose herself and the film cut to the loft entranceway . Frederick enter the loft first , follow by a confuse dusty . they stride across the loft past Lee , who be stand by the stereo . elliot , stand near the nude drawing , be look through a book . frederick ( angrily ) please forget it ! I do not have any interest in sell anything ! dusty ( gesture ) I ask you if you have something with a little puce in it , you gotta fly off the handle ! lee ( in a slightly higher - pitch voice ) what 's the problem ? frederick ( pull the nude drawing off he easel angrily ) I be not interested in what you interior decorator would think , okay ?! dusty ( overlap , gesture ) well , I can not commit to anything without consulting she first . that 's what I have she for , okay ? frederick ( carry the drawing off ) this be degrade ! you do not buy painting to blend in with the sofa ! dusty ( look after Frederick ) it 's not a sofa , it 's a ottoman ! ( touch he forehead , turn to elliot ) God , forget it ! let 's just get outta here , elliot . elliot ( put down the book ) we will go . the film move outside the loft building . dusty and elliot emerge and walk to dusty 's wait limousine . elliot be rub he forehead , anguish . dusty ( angrily , get into the car ) what a weirdo that guy be ! paranoid . ( notice elliot 's anguish face ) what 's the matter with you ? elliot ( gesture ) look I - I - I will be okay . I will be okay . dusty ( overlap ) it 's not that big a deal . we just do not hit it off . elliot ( gesture ) now , look , you - you - you go on ahead . dusty be you okay ? you look -- you be sweatin' . elliot ( overlap , nervously ) yeah . yeah , I just - just need so - some - some fresh air . it 's probably something I eat . I will - I will walk . you go ahead . dusty settles down in the backseat and close the door . elliot lean down to the chauffeur 's window , signal for he to start drive . elliot ( continue , gesture ) you go . go on . go. the limousine drive off . elliot run to a phone booth across the street . he pick up the phone and dial . the film cut to Frederick in he loft , stand near the phone . it ring . Frederick pick it up . frederick ( into the telephone ) hello ? hello ? hello ? when no one answer , Frederick , reacting , hang up , and the film move back outside to the phone booth , where elliot , the phone receiver to he ear , listen for a moment , then hang up . he walk out of the booth , reacting , then walk down the sidewalk , where he bump into a frantic Lee , just turn the corner . lee ( gesture in relief ) oh ! there you be ! elliot mumble , relieved and confuse . lee I be look for you . elliot ( gesture ) I , I must apologize . i- I be , I - I be sorry . I be so mix up . lee ( gesture ) well , how do you expect I to react to such a thing ? elliot , uneasy , glance up in the direction of Frederick 's loft . he lead Lee a few yard up the street , away from any pry eye . elliot ( take Lee 's arm ) wh - - , uh , I know , I know but , I be in love with you . lee oh , do not say that word ! elliot ( overlap , shaking he head ) I -I , I be sorry . I know it 's terrible . lee ( push back she hair , shaking she head hopelessly ) why , you know the situation . she sigh . elliot ( look away for a moment ) I know ! i- I - I -I , I realize . lee what do you expect I to say ? elliot Hannah and I be in the last stage . lee ( shaking she head ) wh -- she 's never say anything , and we be very close . she would tell I such a thing . elliot wh - - , it - it - it - it , it 's so sad . she 's crazy about I , but somewhere on the , along the line , I have fall out of love with she . lee not because of I , I hope . elliot oh , no , no. ( nodd ) well , yes ! I love you . lee oh , I can not be the cause of anything between you and Hannah . I jus -- elliot ( overlap , shaking he head ) oh , no , no , no . it , uh , it - it - it - it be i-inevitable that Hannah and I part , anyway . lee why ? elliot tch , w-well , for a million reason . lee ( gesture ) but not over I ? elliot tch , no ! we be , we be both go in different direction . lee ( look down ) poor Hannah . elliot but -but , but how about you ? do you , do you share any of my feeling ? or be this just a unpleasant embarrassment to you ? lee ( reacting uneasily ) I can not say anything ! elliot w-well , please be candid . I , I - I do not want you to feel bad . lee ( put she hand to she head ) yes ! but I ... I have certain feeling for you , but do not make I say anything more , all right ? Lee look at he . elliot ( gesture ) o-o-o-okay , lee. okay , okay . you , you , y- you have say enough . it 's my responsibility now . I will work thing out . lee look , do not do anything on my behalf . ( shaking she head ) I live with Frederick , and Hannah and I be close . elliot yes , but you , you do care about I . lee ( reacting ) oh , elliot , please ! I can not be a party to this ! I be suddenly wrack with guilt just stand she talk to you on the street ! she sigh . elliot ( emphatically ) you guilt be because you feel the same . lee ( reacting ) oh , please , I have to go . I have to get my tooth clean . she walk off . elliot stare after she , grin . elliot ( happily ) I have my answer . I have my answer ! I be walk on air ! he laugh . CUT to : ext . STREET corner outside evan and norma' apartment build - day a taxi turn a West side street corner and stop in front of Evan and Norma 's building , which be decorate with a long metal awning . it 's a overcast day . a station wagon on the opposite side of the street pull away as Hannah , a white scarf flutter over she shoulder , get out of the cab . she run into the building ; the taxi drive away . a piano play " bewitch " over the screen . CUT to : int . evan and norma' apartment - day Evan , he back to the camera , walk to the front door and open it to Hannah . hannah ( distract ) hi. how 's she do ? evan ( overlap ) I be glad to see you . Hannah take off she shoulder bag and she coat as she aggravate father walk past she towards the kitchen . he pass a wall with a ornate mirror and some frame photograph . evan she 's in the kitchen there . it 's the same thing . same thing . she promise , promise . ( gesture ) but it 's all lie . through a doorway , Norma can be see sit on a chair in the kitchen . she wear a robe over a slip and stocking ; she 's drink . Evan stand in the doorway look at she ; he do not go in . hannah ( offscreen , patiently ) do not make it worse , dad . evan ( overlap ) always . Hannah hurriedly pass she father and enter the kitchen ; she mother take a sip of she drink . hannah hi , Mom . how you do ? here , let I get you some coffee . that 's enough of that . ( take away she mother 's drink , to Evan ) what trigger it ? evan ( gesture , as Norma turn she head and watch he ) we be make a commercial down at the mayor 's office , and there be this young , good-look salesman ... Norma react , turn to she daughter . Hannah , however , have she back turn . she be busy take charge in the kitchen as Evan speak . she take some pill out of a cupboard and hand they to she mother with a glass of water . evan ( continue ) ... and you mother be throw herself at he in a disgusting way , and when she find she be too old to seduce he , that he be just embarrassed by she -- norma ( angrily interrupt , turn she head ) liar ! liar ! the camera move to Evan , who continue to tell he story , ignore he wife 's outburst , as he walk away from the kitchen doorway into the de . evan then at lunch she get drunker and drunker ( shouting over he shoulder ) and finally she become Joan Collins ! Evan walk over to the piano , where several frame family photograph sit in a line on its top . he pick one up as Norma speak offscreen in the kitchen . norma ( offscreen ) all my life I have have to put up with insult ... the camera move back to the kitchen as Norma talk . she be still glaring offscreen at the doorway where Evan stand moment before . she hold the water glass and the pill . norma ( continue , dramatically ) ... from this non-person , this , th- th-this haircut that pass for a man . ( turn to look at the offscreen Hannah ) he could never support we . it 's a good thing we have a talented daughter ! Evan be back in the doorway , listen to Norma , get more and more angry . as he make a retort , he start to walk back to the de and he piano . evan I can only hope that she be mine . with you as she mother ( gesture , he voice get louder ) she father could be anybody in actor ' equity ! norma she 's talented ... so it 's not likely she 's yours ! ( take a sip of water ) hannah ( walk over to the doorway to speak to Evan , who 's already fume in the de ) dad , could you just please stay in the other room and let I take care of she ? Hannah go back to Norma ; she take the glass of water away . evan ( offscreen , choose to ignore Hannah 's suggestion ) you never know when she 's go to fall off the wagon and humiliate everybody . Hannah , choose to ignore Evan 's remark , hand she mother a cup of coffee ; she put she mother 's hand on the cup . hannah here , Mom . drink this . ( lean against a kitchen counter ) you know , you be awful . you probably be flirt . norma ( sip she coffee ) no ! I like to joke around and have fun , and he get angry because I get the attention . he 's get sourer as he 's get older , and I have try to stay young ... at heart . hannah you promise to stay on the wagon . norma ( shaking she head ) the sacrifice I have make because of that man . ( inhale ) he 's ruin I with he ego , he philander , he -- ( gesture ) his-his-his -his mediocrity ! hannah okay , stop be so dramatic . norma ( shouting to the offscreen Evan ) he 's the one that 's make every ingenue in stock ! hannah ( quietly ) okay , okay . norma ( touch Hannah 's arm , gasp ) th-th - they , they want I for a screen test . hannah ( patiently ) yeah , I know , mom. norma ( gesture ) but I , I know that he would get up there and he would flounder around with he expensive haircut and hairdos and clothes . he 's all show ! ( touch Hannah 's arm again , then touch she chest ) now how can you act when there 's nothing inside to come out ?! Norma sip she coffee , softly sobbing . Hannah , reacting , walk away from the counter and , capping the bottle of pill , put they back in the cupboard . Evan play the piano offscreen . the camera move in on Hannah 's face as she reflect , she voice hear over the screen . hannah ( v.o. ) she be so beautiful at one time , and he be so dash . both of they just full of promise and hope that never materialize . the camera leave Hannah 's face as she continue to reflect ; it move to the de , to the row of family photo on the piano : one of a present - day Evan and Norma , other where both Norma and Evan be young , beautiful , hopeful . the music play on . hannah ( v.o. ) and the fight and the constant infidelity to prove themselves ... and blame each other . it 's s-sad . they love the idea of have we kid , but raise we do not interest they much . but it 's impossible to hold it against they . they do not know anything else . the film cut back to the kitchen . Norma stand up ; Hannah take she coffee cup and set it on the counter . norma you know , of all of we in the family , you be the one bless with the true gift . she put she arm around Hannah 's shoulder . mother and daughter walk out of the kitchen . hannah ( hold the hand she mother have place on she shoulder ) ohhh , my true gift be luck , Mom . Norma chuckle . hannah ( overlap ) I just have a lot of luck ... from my first show , you know ? I have always think Lee be the one destine for great thing . norma yes , she 's lovely , but she do not have you spark . ( gesture and chuckle ) she know it . she worship you . she would not dare get up there on the stage . hannah ( look at she mother ) now , Holly 's not shy . they stop at the entrance to the de . Evan can be see play the piano as they continue they conversation . norma no , Holly 's game for anything . Holly take after I . hannah true . norma ( shaking she head ) I would have be a great dope addict . Norma chortle . Hannah laugh , touch she mother . they walk over to Evan at the piano . evan ( look up ) remember this , Hannah ? Evan play a few bar of " you be too beautiful " as mother and daughter , they back to the camera , listen . Norma lean over the piano ; Hannah look off into the distance , deep in reflection . the piano music continue in the background as the movie cut to : Lee walk along a wharf by the waterfront . the wind blow she hair ; she hug the e.e. cumming book to she chest . she , too , be deep in think . she stop at the edge of the wharf ; the camera continue to move , to a group of wooden piling nearby , lap by the water . CUT to : the abyss . the piano piece end and the film be quiet . CUT to : int . hospital cat - scan room - day the quiet continue as the film cut to a close - up of a large , circular cat - scan module in a antiseptic hospital room . a slowly move stretcher , bear mickey 's strapped prone body , begin to enter the round open of the module . as the camera pull back from mickey , he tape head under the scan , two technician can be see through the window separate the scanner from the control room . one of they , sit down , tap information into a computer while the other technician stand nearby , look from mickey to the computer screen . the movie then cut briefly to the computer screen , show a image of mickey 's skull . scan line bleep over the skull . the camera move up from the screen to reveal mickey once again , as see through the window , silent and serious under the cat - scan module . from mickey 's prone form , the film move to the two technician , as see through the window in the scanner room . they examine the computer screen and talk indistinctly to each other . one of the man , nodd , tap more information into the computer . while they be study the cat - scan picture , the camera cut to a back view of mickey under the module . there be a science - fiction feel to this scene , as if mickey be lie in the center of a huge , white , futuristic circle . the stretcher , bear mickey , slowly move out of the module . CUT to : int . dr . brooks office - day Dr. brook , hold mickey 's x-ray , walk past a row of bookshelve to he light panel . he prop up the x-ray . dr . brooks Mr. sach , ( sighing ) I be afraid the news be not good . Dr. brook turn to a offscreen mickey . dr . brooks ( continue , take a pencil out of he pocket ) if I can show you exactly where the tumor be , and why we feel that surgery would be of no use . the film quickly cut to a close - up of mickey 's face , reacting in total despair . he close he eye ; he cover he face with he hand . mickey ( v.o. ) it 's over . I be face - to- face with eternity . dr . brooks ( offscreen ) ... grow quite large without be detect ... ( trail off indistinctly as mickey continue he anguish rambling ) mickey ( v.o. ) not later , but now . I be so frighten I can not move , speak , or breathe . as mickey finish he speech , the " real " Dr. brook be see walk into the office . the previous scene have be a figment of mickey 's imagination , a nightmare fantasy only . holding mickey 's x-ray , the " real " Dr. brook walk past the same row of book to the light panel . dr . brooks well , you be just fine . there 's absolutely nothing here at all . and you test be all fine . ( switch on the light on the panel and prop up the x-ray ) I must admit , I be concerned , give you symptom . ( turn to look at the offscreen mickey ) what cause this hearing loss in one ear , I guess we will never really know for sure . but whatever it be , it 's certainly not anything serious at all . ( nodd ) I be very relieved . CUT to : ext . mount sinai hospital - day once again , mickey be see leave the building , but this time he bound down the step , jump for joy . he run swirl down the street , clap he hand , happy with relief . upbeat , uptempo jazz play in the background . several car pass as mickey joyfully run . suddenly he stop , he hand to he mouth , reflect . CUT to : int . mickey' office - day gail sit in a chair in front of a bookshelf . a sofa , a coffee table hold periodicals , and a endtable with a lamp complete the tableau . gail 's hand be clasped on she lap . gail what do you mean you be quit ? why ? the news be good ! you do not have canc - - the thing . mickey , stand behind he desk , he back to the camera , he coat still on , look out at the Manhattan skyline . mickey do you realize what a thread we be all hang by ? gail ( offscreen ) mickey , you be off the hook . you should be celebrate . mickey ( walk around to the front of he desk , gesture ) can you understand how meaningless everything be ? everything ! I be talk about nnnn -- we life , the show ... the whole world , it 's meaningless . gail ( gesture ) yeah ... but you be not die ! mickey no , I be not die now , but , but ( gesture ) you know , when I run out of the hospital , I , I be so thrilled because they tell I I be go to be all right . and I be run down the street , and suddenly I stop , ' cause it hit I , all right , so , you know , I be not go to go today . I be okay . I be not go to go tomorrow . ( point ) but eventually , I be go to be in that position . gail get up from she chair . she walk past mickey to a nearby cabinet . she open a drawer , rummage around for something . the camera follow she , leave mickey briefly . gail you be just realize this now ? mickey ( offscreen ) well , I do not realize it now , I know it all the time , but , but I manage to stick it in the back of my mind ... as mickey continue to talk offscreen , gail close the cabinet drawer and walk to a file cabinet behind mickey 's desk . mickey ... because it - it 's a very horrible thing to ... think about ! gail open the file cabinet and take out a pack of gum . she slam it close , distract . gail ( mutter ) yeah . what ? mickey ( turn to gail ) can I tell you something ? can I tell you a secret ? gail ( nodd impatiently as she walk around the desk ) yes , please . mickey ( point ) a week ago , I buy a rifle . gail ( sit on the arm of a chair near mickey ) no . mickey ( overlap , nodd and gesture ) I go into a store , I buy a rifle . I be gonna ... you know , if they tell I that I have a tumor , I be go to kill myself . the only thing that mighta stop I , might have , be my parent would be devastate . I would , I woulda have to shoot they , also , first . and then , I have a aunt and uncle , I would have ... you know , it would have be a bloodbath . gail ( shrugging , unwrap a stick of gum ) tch , well , you know , eventually it , it be go to happen to all of we . mickey yes , but do not that ruin everything for you ? that make everything ... gail sigh . she pop a piece of gum into she mouth as mickey continue to speak . mickey ( continue ) ... you know it , it just take the pleasure out of everything . ( gesture , point ) I mean , you be gonna die , I be gonna die , the audience be gonna die , the network 's gonna -- the sponsor . everything ! gail ( chew ) I know , I know , and you hamster . mickey ( nodd emphatically ) yes ! gail ( chew and point to mickey ) listen , kid , I think you snap you cap . mickey sigh . gail ( continue , chew loudly ) maybe you need a few week in bermuda , or something . or go to a whorehouse ! no ? mickey ( shaking he head , he hand to he chest ) I can not stay on this show . I gotta get some answer . otherwise ( pause and hold he head ) I be tell you , I be go to do something drastic . CUT to : the entrance to the St. regis Hotel , elegant and warmly light in the night . pedestrian pass . baroque harpsichord music play over the scene . the camera move up the hotel 's faade , past its welcoming flag , to its ornate window several floor up . as the harpsichord continue to play , the film move inside , to one of the hotel room . elliot , he back to the camera , be open the door to Lee . elliot close the door behind she as she enter . they stand very close to each other , frame by the door and a stark , subtly stripe wallpaper wall . elliot ( look intensely at Lee , he hand in he pocket ) I think you be not come . lee I almost do not . elliot ( put he hand on she shoulder , want to kiss she ) Lee ... uh ... lee I do not sleep all night . elliot ( take he hand away , gesture to the room ) no , no - no - no , I be sure . they walk towards the camera , further into the room . elliot put he arm around Lee . lee what be we do , meeting in a hotel room ? it 's terrible , be not it ? the music stop . the camera follow Lee as she walk towards the curtain window , past a fireplace , a mirror , some innocuous picture , a delicate table hold a lamp , the foot of the bed . elliot ( offscreen ) i- I could not think where to invite you without take risk . lee I promise myself I would not let this happen till you be live alone . I be so tear when you call . she part a corner of the curtain , look out the window , turn when elliot speak . elliot ( offscreen ) I have want to call you everyday since I first tell you how I feel . he walk over to Lee by the curtain window . elliot I resist so many time . ( pause ) do not think badly of I . he take Lee into he arm . elliot this be not a easy situation . lee ( whisper ) I know it be not . they kiss , they figure almost silhouett in the warm glow of the room . elliot take Lee 's coat off without break the kiss . they embrace . they kiss each other lightly , then stronger , more passionately , they embrace much tighter . and it 's later that night . the harpsichord music begin to play again as the camera move over the bed cover to reveal Lee , lie contentedly under the sheet , she hair fan out on the pillow , one arm near she head . lee that be just perfect . you have ruin I for anyone else . elliot ( offscreen ) I do not want anyone else ever to have you . lee ( sighing ) I be so worried I would not compare with Hannah . elliot ( offscreen , laugh ) oh , my God . he enter the screen , sit down on the edge of the bed next to Lee . he hold a cigarette . elliot you really do have that thought , do not you ? lee ( chuckle , touch elliot 's arm ) oh , all the time . elliot chuckle ; they hold hand . lee I know she must be a really passionate person . elliot ( look at they clasped hand ) yes , she 's , she 's very warm , but , but it - it 's I that want to be give to you . i- i- I want to do thing for you . Hannah do not need I as much . ( chuckle as Lee laugh ) I be be presumptuous . not that you need I . lee ( nodd ) I want you to take care of I ... and I love when you do thing to I . elliot lean down to Lee ; they begin to kiss passionately . CUT to : ext . STREET outside frederick's loft - night Lee walk along the sidewalk in the rain ; she 's barehead . the street be dark . a car drive by ; a pedestrian pass hold a umbrella . Lee pass a restaurant well light inside by hang lamp . the baroque music continue as she enter the loft , she head soak . she close the door , touch she soaking hair . frederick ( offscreen ) you be late . Lee walk through the loft 's live room area , unbelt she coat , towards the bathroom . she pass Frederick , who sit at a table in the kitchen area , drink a cup of coffee and read the paper . a plate with a half - eat sandwich sit in front of he . the music stop . lee ( open the bathroom door ) Lucy and I keep talk , and I do not realize how late it have get . frederick ( barely glance up from he paper ) you miss a very dull tv show about auschwitz . more gruesome film clip ... and more puzzle intellectual declare they mystification over the systematic murder of million . as he talk , Lee be see turn on the bathroom light . she take off she coat , hang it on a hook , then begin to dry she hair with a towel . frederick ( turn he head slightly in Lee 's direction and gesture ) the reason why they could never answer the question " how could it possibly happen ? " be that it 's the wrong question . give what people be , the question be ( swallow ) " why do not it happen more often ? " of course it do , in subtler form . Frederick take a bite of he sandwich and another sip of coffee as Lee walk out of the bathroom , toss the towel down on the counter . lee ( move she finger through she wet hair ) I have a little headache from this weather . she take a kettle and fill it with water . frederick ( grunt , sip he coffee ) it 's be age since I sit in front of the tv ... just change channel to find something . as Frederick continue he monologue , Lee be busy in the background : strike a wooden match and lighting a burner on the stove for the kettle , take a glass out of the cupboard , walk into the bathroom for some pill , fill the glass with water in the kitchen sink , and take she pill . frederick you see the whole culture ... Nazis , deodorant salesman , wrestler ... beauty contest , the talk show ... can you imagine the level of a mind that watch wrestle ? ( gesture ) hmm ? but the worst be the fundamentalist preacher ... third - rate con man , tell the poor sucker that watch they that they speak for Jesus ... and to please send in money . ( pick up he sandwich ) money , money , money ! if Jesus come back , and see what 's go on in he name , he would never stop throw up . he take a bite of he sandwich and a sip of coffee . Lee set she glass on the kitchen counter and walk towards the bedroom area . lee ( impatiently , she hand in she hair ) oh , God , Frederick , could you please lighten up ?! I be really not in the mood to hear a review of contemporary society again . she start to take off she wet clothes by the bed . Frederick take off he glass . he turn and look at Lee in surprise . frederick ( stand up from the table ) you know , you have be very nervous lately . lee ( sighing ) I can not take this anymore . frederick ( walk over to the bed ) I be just try to complete a education I start on you five year ago . lee ( unbuttone she blouse ) I be not you pupil . ( sighing , she hand at she side ) I be , but I be not . frederick ( sit down on the edge of the bed ) when you leave the nest , I just want you to be ready to face the real world . he pull Lee down next to he on the bed . lee ( put she hand on Frederick 's leg ) Frederick , we be go to have to make some change . she sigh . frederick ( quickly look at Lee , alarmed ) like what ? lee oh , you know what . I be suffocating ! frederick ( turn away , he hand clasped in front of he ) oh ! be we go to have this conversation again ? lee yes , we be go to have this conversation again . I ... I have to leave . I have to move out . frederick ( shaking he clasped hand intensely ) why ? lee ( sighing ) because I have to ! frederick ( emotionally ) what be you go to use for money ?! lee I do not know . I think , maybe I would move in with my parent for a while . frederick tch , oh . I always tell you you would leave I . ( look at Lee ) but ... do it have to be now ? lee ( hugging she arm with she other hand ) well , maybe it will only be temporary , but I ha -- I have to try . frederick ( take Lee 's head in he hand and look at she ) oh ... Lee , you be my whole world . ( pause ) good God ! have you be kiss tonight ?! lee ( reacting , push Frederick 's hand from she face ) no. frederick ( reacting ) oh , yes , you have ! lee ( quickly stand up , defensively ) no. frederick ( raise he voice ) you have be with someone ! lee ( overlap , run away from the bed ) stop accuse I ! Lee run into the kitchen , she hand tight around she chest . frederick ( offscreen ) I be too smart , Lee ! you can not fool I ! you be turn all red ! Lee , fraught with emotion , briefly put she outstretch hand on the refrigerator door , then turn around and lean against it , hugging herself , she blouse still unbuttone , she hair still wet and bedraggle . lee leave I alone ! Frederick enter the kitchen area and lean against the counter . frederick ( angrily ) oh , Christ ! what 's wrong with you ?! lee ( lean against the refrigerator , sighing ) I be sorry . frederick oh , could not you say something ? you have to slither around behind my back ! lee ( overlap , she voice emotionally raise ) I be say it now ! frederick so you meet somebody else ? lee ( sighing , nodd ) yeah . Frederick cringe , reacting . he put he hand to he forehead ; he sigh . lee ( walk into the bathroom ) but you , God , you know that be go to happen sooner or later . I can not live like this ! frederick ( turn to face Lee in the bathroom , he arm cross ) who be it ? lee ( frantically put thing in she purse , glaring at Frederick ) what 's the difference ?! it 's just somebody I meet ! frederick but who ? where do you meet he ? lee it do not make a difference ! I have to move out ! frederick you be , you be my only connection to the world ! Lee turn and face Frederick in the bathroom doorway . lee ( gesture emotionally ) oh , God , that 's too much responsibility for I . it 's not fair ! I want a less complicated life , Frederick . I want a husband , maybe even a child before it 's too late . frederick ( reacting , he face in he hand ) Jesus ... Jesus ! lee ( gesture , move closer to Frederick ) oh , God , I do not even know what I want . frederick ( sighing heavily , reacting ) oh ... lee ( rub Frederick 's shoulder tenderly ) tch , oh , what do you get out of I , anyway ? I mean ... ( lay she head against he shoulder , sighing deeply ) it 's not sexual anymore . it 's certainly not intellectual . I mean , you be so superior to I in every way that -- Frederick furiously shake Lee away . he pound he fist against a cupboard . Lee , gasp , move away . frederick please , do not patronize I ! he put he hand on he forehead , then turn to the offscreen Lee . frederick God ! I should have marry you year ago when you want to ! I should have agree . he walk over to Lee in another area of the kitchen . lee ( sighing ) oh , God , do not you know it never would have work ? Frederick turn away from Lee . he begin to pace near the counter . frederick I tell you , one day you would leave I ... ( lean on the counter ) for a young man . I -- he loudly pound he fist on the counter in despair and frustration , then cover he eye with he hand in sorrow . CUT to : int . hannah's bedroom - night Hannah , wear a plaid shirt , sit up in bed , a book propped up on she knee . a cupboard with some bric-a- brac be mount behind the night table , which hold a small , white , warm - glow lamp and some photograph . she turn the page as elliot , in pajamas and silk bathrobe , enter . she continue to read she book as he sit down at the edge of the bed and muse . his voice be hear over the screen . elliot ( v.o. ) what passion today with Lee . she 's a volcano . it be a totally fulfil experience ... just as I dream it would be . ( nodd slightly as he take off he slipper ) that 's what it be . it be like live out a dream ... a great dream . ( take off he bathrobe ) now I feel very good and cozy be here next to Hannah . there 's something very lovely and real about Hannah . ( toss he bathrobe aside and lie down on the bed next to Hannah , he hand cross over he stomach ) she give I a very deep feel of be part of something . she 's a wonderful woman ... and I betrayed she . she come into my empty life and change it ... and I pay she back by bang she sister in a hotel room . God , I be despicable . what a cruel and shallow thing to do . ( sit up ) I have to call she now and tell she what we do be crazy . ( anxiously ) it can not ever happen again . I be not that kind of man ... and I value Hannah too much . I love my wife . now I have betrayed she . oh , God ! elliot frantically stand up and leave the room . hannah ( read , not look up ) where be you go ? elliot ( offscreen ) I have , uh ... gotta find , gotta get a phone number in my desk . I forget to phone mel Kaufman . hannah ( still read ) it 's so late . elliot ( offscreen ) yeah , I know . i- I can not believe I forget . elliot walk quickly into the darken hallway . elliot ( mutter ) what if he answer ? ( turn into the doorway lead to the live room ) I will hang up . ( walk into the darken live room ) I will tell she we can not communicate until I terminate my marriage . ( whisper ) it 's immoral . elliot switch on the light . he pace back and forth in front of the piano and a accompany music stand . the top of the piano be fill with family photo ; the lamp he turn on illuminate some frame picture on the wall and the piece of sheet music open on the piano . elliot ( gesture and whisper ) then , time will pass . I will not call , and she will get the idea . I gotta stop this before I get in too deep . I would rather hurt Lee a little , than destroy Hannah . elliot stop pace and check he wristwatch . elliot ( whisper , rub he hand ) it 's one - thirty . she ... she can not have a conversation with I ... with he around . I be get hysterical . ( put he hand on he hip ) I will call she first thing in the morning . I will call she at six . ( point ) Frederick go jogging at six , yeah , she will be alone . and I will , I will call she and nip it in the bud . the phone ring . elliot jump . elliot ( loudly , to the offscreen Hannah , gasp ) I have get it ! I have get it ! I have get it ! ( pick up the phone , into the telephone ) hello ? ( loudly , for the offscreen Hannah 's benefit ) mel ! the movie cut to Lee , stand in the dark in Frederick 's loft . she talk softly into the telephone . lee ( into the telephone ) I would have hang up if you have not answer and I promise I will not ever do this again , but I just have to tell you , I feel very close to you tonight . very , very close . ( pause ) good night . Lee hang up the phone and the movie cut back to elliot , stand in he live room . stun , he slowly lower the phone receiver . CUT to : " the only absolute knowledge attainable by man be that life be meaningless . " - tolstoy Jazz be hear as the movie cut to the outside of a university library , the camera focus on a huge replica of rodin 's thinker before move to the front entrance . mickey can be see emerge from its depth . he wear he raincoat , he hand be in he pocket . he ponder the scene as he walk past the statue and a small front garden and down the sidewalk . passersby , some hold book , be see . mickey ( v.o. ) million of book write on every conceivable subject by all this great mind , and , and in the end , none of them know anything more about the big question of life than I do . ss -- I read socrate . you know , n-n - n - - , this guy use to kn-knock off little Greek boy . what the hell 's he get to teach I ? and , and nietzsche with he , with he Theory of eternal recurrence . he say that the life we live , we be gonna live over and over again the exact same way for eternity . great . that mean I , uh , I will have to sit through the Ice capade again . tch . it 's not worth it . the movie next cut to a sunny day in Central Park . a male jogger , see through some tree branch , run by . the camera move past he , revealing a ponder mickey walk by the reservoir . he continue to talk over the screen . mickey ( v.o. ) and , and Freud , another great pessimist . jeez , I be in analysis for year . nothing happen . my poor analyst get so frustrated . the guy finally put in a salad bar . several jogger pass mickey ; he continue to ruminate . mickey ( v.o. ) oh ! look at all this people jogging ... try to stave off the inevitable decay of the body . Boy ( smack he lip ) it 's so sad what people go through with they - they stationary bike and they exercise and they ... ( glance at a fat woman jogger in a red sweatsuit who run by ) ... oh ! look at this one ! poor thing . my God , she have to tote all that fat around . maybe the poet be right . maybe love be the only answer . mickey go over to the chain - link fence encircle the reservoir . he stop walk and look out over the water . mickey ( v.o. ) shh -- of course , I be in love with Hannah . that do not work out too well . ( sighing ) I even take she sister out . remember that ? mickey continue to look through the fence at the water and the distant skyline . a jogger cross in front of he . it 's very quiet ; the soft jazz continue . mickey ( v.o. ) remember year ago when Hannah and I get divorced and she fix I up with she sister Holly ? the film cut abruptly to mickey 's flashback of he date with Holly , beginning with a rock club performance . the soft jazz become loud , pulsate rock . Three punker -- a girl with pink hair , a girl with a spike mohawk , and a guy with stevie wonder braid and sunglass -- watch and bop they head to the sound of the offscreen rock band , the 39 step . the camera move to the stage , revealing a sleazy - look rock band in the midst of they number . the 39 step ( sing ) " I want to be like you I say I be go to fit into you group ... " as the band loudly play on , the camera move across the spellbound audience , sit at crowded , smoky , small table , to reveal a stricken mickey and a mesmerize Holly squeeze together at one of they . a nearby member of the audience swill beer from a bottle . Holly , beat time to the music and enjoy herself , take a puff of she cigarette . she wear a wristful of silver bracelet . she glance at mickey impatiently . he 's the only one in the place wear a suit . the 39 step ( sing ) " I do not wanna be different Said I be gonna be just like you because I be gonna buy the record that they play on radio ... Holly turn back to the band , who be still in full swing . the camera move down the body of the lead singer , sing into a microphone , from he longish , curly red hair , through he cut - off red shirt and sweaty torso , to he guitar . he wear several silver bracelet on he wrist and gold bracelet on he upper arm . the microphone screech feedback . the 39 step ( sing ) " I be gonna dance at club gonna do just what I be tell because I be bleedin ' now and I be bleedin ' now I wanna slip , slip , slip , slip , slip into the crowd I wanna slip , slip , slip , slip , slip into the crowd ... " the camera move back to Holly and the even more stricken - look mickey . they be crowded in with people . in the background , a waitress hold up a tray . a man drink from a glass mug ; people chatter indistinctly over the loud band . the club be noisy , smoky , and thick with people . Holly glance at mickey once again , this time unable to contain she annoyance . holly oh , why be you make that face ? mickey ( lean over to Holly , gesture ) I can not hear you . I can not hear anything . I be , I be , I be , I be gonna lose hearing in my ear ! I be -- holly ( interrupt , gesture to the offscreen band ) listen , you be witness genius ! mickey ( point to he ear ) I , I , my ear be experience a meltdown ! I can not hear anything . holly ( overlap , gesture dramatically ) look , can not you feel the energy ? it 's tangible energy ! the room 's alive with positive vibration ! she open a vial of cocaine . mickey ( gesture , try to talk over the band ) Holly , I be frighten ! I be -- after they sing ... they be gonna take hostage ! now let 's -- Holly hold a short metal straw of cocaine to she nose and sniff it . mickey ( panic ) do not , no , please . will you -- no , do not ... holly ( hold the straw towards mickey ) you want some ? the 39 step ( sing in the background while Holly and mickey talk ) " I want to dress like you say , I will buy all the clothes I want to fuck like you yeah , I be sure it show because I be ... " mickey ( shaking he head ) I do not . no. no. holly ( overlap , sniff ) come on , mickey . come on . mickey ( overlap , gesture ) but , no , you have be do that all night ! you be gonna ... you be gonna burn a hole in you ... you be gonna develop a third nostril ! really , ( put he hand on Holly 's shoulder ) do not , please . while mickey plead with she , Holly put she cocaine vial into she purse . she hold a finger against one nostril and sniff . she then pick up she light cigarette and continue to smoke . mickey can we , can we go ? holly ( look at the offscreen hand , bop she head to the music and smoking ) no ! mickey ( touch he ear in pain ) my--uh ... the camera leave the crowded table and move back to the band . the lead singer continue to sing with he band , sway he body to the music ... the 39 step ( sing ) " ... gonna buy the record that they play on the radio ... " ... as the film cut abruptly to outside the rock club . the music have stop . mickey and Holly , almost in dark silhouette , be walk at a fast clip along the sidewalk , argue . they pass some light clothing store window ; a few car go by in the dark street . holly ( enthusiastically ) I love song about extraterrestrial life , do not you ? mickey not when they be sung by extraterrestrials . holly ( impatiently , with annoyance ) oh , well , I can not communicate with you ! I , you know , I never realize you be such a tightass . mickey I can not understand you . you sister , both sister have such good taste in music . I do not know where you go , go wrong . holly ( gesture ) do you mind ? I be - I be my own person . mickey can I take you someplace to hear something nice ? holly ( touch the hat on she head ) eh , mickey , it 's get late . mickey now come on , you be be -- , ' cause you be be angry at I . they stop briefly at a street corner and look for oncoming car before crossing . mickey take Holly 's arm as they walk across the street towards the camera . holly ( angrily ) I be not angry ! you know , you , well , you do not believe in esp , you do not like rock music , you will not get high ... it 's like I be dating cardinal cooke ! CUT to : int . the carlyle club - night Bobby short be play " I be in Love again " on the piano , accompany by a bass player . a Art Deco mural fill the wall behind he ... bobby short ( sing ) " why be I just as reckless as a child ? why be I like a racehorse run wild ? why be I in a state of ecstasy ? the reason be ' cause something 's happen to I I be in love again and the spring be comin ' ... " ... as the camera leave the musician and move to the conversatively dress audience . a far cry from the rock club atmosphere , the carlyle be quiet except for Bobby short 's sing . the audience at they table watch he , some with smile of pleasure . a man have he arm around a woman . jewel sparkle in another woman 's hair . the man wear suit . mickey and Holly sit at one of the table ; a candle burn in its holder on the tabletop . Holly take a cigarette from she purse as she hold she hand to she nose , sniff . mickey keep shoot glance at Holly ; she can not sit still . Bobby short continue to sing ... bobby short ( sing ) " I be in love again hear my heart string strummin ' I be in love again and the hymn they be hummin ' be that cuddle - up huddle - up blue I be in love again and I can not rise above it ... " ... as Holly light she cigarette , drop she matchbook on the floor . she bend down to pick it up , then start to fidget in she chair . she gulp she wine ; she sniff . mickey try to watch the offscreen Bobby short ; he cross he arm across he chest . the film cut back briefly to Bobby short play the piano ... bobby short ( sing , continue ) " I be in love again and I love , love , love it . " ... then abruptly cut to : ext . the carlyle HOTEL - night a taxi pull away from the curb as mickey and Holly walk out of the hotel through its revolve door . Holly stay under the awning ; mickey walk to the curb and look angrily back at she . people pass by as mickey walk back and forth from the curb to Holly , grow angrier and angrier . holly thanks for a swell time . mickey ( gesture ) well , if you do not like it , you do not like it , but you do not have to talk while the guy be sing . holly I be so bored ! mickey ( gesture ) yeah , that 's tough ! you do not deserve Cole porter . you should stay with that group that look like they be gonna stab they mother ! holly at least I be open to new concept ! mickey and you do not have to snort cocaine at the table all the time ! what do you , what do you do ? carry a kilo around in you purse ? holly ( gesture ) this crowd would not know the difference ! they be embalm ! mickey Jesus ... ( wave he arm and whistling for a taxi ) I be glad Hannah get we together . you know , she 's get a great instinct for people . really . a taxi pull up to the curb . mickey and Holly walk up to its rear door . holly oh , look , I be sorry it do not work out . mickey ( overlap ) yeah . I , too . holly ( overlap ) you know , it 's probably my fault . I have be a little depressed lately . mickey ( overlap ) right . yeah . I have a ... holly ( overlap ) God ! mickey ( continue ) ... I have a great time tonight , really . it be like the Nuremberg trial . he hold the door open for Holly . she get in . holly ( angrily ) oh , I will see myself home ! Holly slam the door . mickey start to walk along the sidewalk as the taxi drive off ; he pass the hotel and several evening - light store window . " I be in Love again " begin to play in the background as mickey 's voice be hear . mickey ( v.o. ) yeah , it be quite a evening . Holly with she cocaine ... ( chuckle ) she should have be wear a gold shovel around she neck . tch , she be polymorphously insensitive , I think . ( smack he lip ) too bad , too ... ' cause , you know , I always have a little crush on she . both a bus and a taxi drive down the street , block mickey from view . the music stop and the film cut to : afternoon . a big -band rendition of " you make I Love you " begin as the film cut to a hotel room . elliot and Lee can be see dance cheek to cheek in the reflection of a mirror over a dresser . a tv sit in the corner . a lamp be on one side of the dresser ; on the other side be a bucket with champagne . two half - full glass sit nearby . elliot and Lee dance into view . without miss a beat , elliot pick up one of the glass of champagne and hand it to Lee . she sip . elliot sip , then put it back down on the dresser . they embrace tightly , continue to dance . CUT to : int . hannah's dine room - night elliot , Hannah , and the twin sit at the dining room table . a Christmas tree stand in the corner of the room , next to a table hold a lamp ; a picture hang on the wall . the family have just finish eat ; the table be cluttere with the remain of dinner , include a quart of milk , some chocolate syrup , and a bottle of ketchup . Hannah 's two adopt child stand by she chair ; she be show they how a small camera work . the child watch she , fascinate , mutter among themselves . elliot look listless . he stare blankly at the table . hannah ( to she adopt child , hold the camera ) oh , you just have to read the instruction . I mean , you just set one of this thing and you can take , you can take picture underwater . child 1 ( overlap ) can I try it ? hannah ( hand he the camera ) sure ! yeah . when we get to the country , we will try it in the lake . the child take the camera from Hannah , as well as pick up a second identical one from the table . child 1 okay . hannah ( rest she chin in she hand ) okay ? child 2 ( overlap ) can I go ? child 1 ( overlap ) yeah . hannah ( nodd ) yeah ! okay . the adopt child leave , the twin go off with they . when they be go , Hannah take a sip of she coffee and look at elliot . she put down she cup , still watch he . hannah ( after a beat ) be you in a bad mood ? elliot ( shaking he head slightly ) I do not know . um ... I be just antsy . the camera move in on they face as they continue to speak . family photo line the mantel behind Hannah 's head . hannah ( intensely ) yes . I know . the last few week , you have not be yourself . and tonight at , tonight at dinner , you , you be kind of curt with I . elliot ( look down at he hand ) be I ? hannah yes , you be . a- and when I , when I bring up the idea of have a baby , you just , you jump down my throat . elliot ( shaking he head ) well , I - I do not think it 's a very good idea . hannah why not ? elliot ( edgily ) because it 's the last thing in the world we need right now . hannah why do you say that ? be there something wrong ? elliot I do not know . hannah well , tell I . should I be worried ? elliot but , you get four child ! hannah I want one with you . elliot well ... i- I think we should wait till thing settle . hannah but what do , what do you -- ( stutter ) what 's that mean ? w-w - we have be , we have be marry for four year . how settle can thing get ? elliot ( gesture ) you know , y- you have some very set plan on how you life should be structure . a-a house , uh , kid , certain school , a h - - , a home in Connecticut . I - it 's all very ... preconceive . hannah ( shaking she head ) yeah , but I ...uh -- I think you need that . when - when - when we meet , you say you life be chaos . elliot I - i- I know , but there 's get to be some give and take . Hannah sigh . elliot angrily throw he napkin on the table . he stand up and begin to pace behind Hannah . elliot oh , let 's not -- I , I do not know what the hell I be talk about . hannah ( reacting ) be you angry with I ? elliot no ! hannah do you feel , um ... be you disenchant with we marriage ? elliot ( point at Hannah ) I do not say that . hannah be you in love with someone else ? elliot ( angrily ) my God ! wha - what be this ? the gestapo ? no. he sit down again , in a chair next to Hannah ; the ketchup bottle sit in front of he . hannah ( turn to look at he ) well , what ? what , wh- what be you not tell I ? elliot ( gesture and point ) what kind of interrogation ... Su - suppose I say yes ? i- i- I be disenchant . I be in love with someone else . hannah be you ? elliot ( stare at Hannah for a beat before answer she ) no! ( gesture ) but you keep ask this , this awful question . my God , it 's - it 's like you want I to say yes ! hannah ( gesture ) what , you , of c -- what be you talk about ? of course not . I would be destroy ! the camera move in on elliot 's anguish face . he talk over the screen . elliot ( v.o. ) for chrissake , stop torture she . tell she you want out and get it over with . you be in love with she sister . you do not do it on purpose . be honest . it 's always the best way . he look down . Hannah lean over and tenderly put she hand on he shoulder . hannah ( softly ) look , can I help you ? if you be suffer over something , will you share it with I ? she touch he hand ; elliot embrace she . elliot Hannah , you know how much I love you . ( kissing she on the forehead ) I ought to have my head examine . I do not deserve you . elliot kiss Hannah again ; they embrace tightly . she touch he hair . CUT to : the audition . there be no music . CUT to : int . soho clothing boutique - day the screen show a metal staircase next to a large white column . Holly 's voice can be hear as she and Hannah make they way up the stair , move into view . a man carry a shopping bag walk down the step ; he pass they . Hannah and Holly talk as they climb . holly ( offscreen ) you know , I just want to look so good , but I do not want to seem , you know , like I be overdress . ( onscreen , walk up the stair behind Hannah ) you know what I be say ? hannah ( overlap , turn to look at Holly ) oh , no , not at all . holly ( hold up a dress she 's carry on she arm ) well , how about this ? hannah ( look at the dress ) well , I , I really like that . I think that 's a pretty color on you . holly ( overlap ) oh , yeah . ( laugh ) Hannah and Holly reach the top of the stair . they walk onto a cavernous , high - tech floor . empty bleacher line one wall ; the rest of the floor be fill with rack of clothes and empty space . holly ( continue , smile ) do you ever think you would be help I buy something to wear to the opera ? ( chuckle ) hannah ( playfully hit Holly 's arm ) nuh-uh ... but I think it 's great . I can not wait to meet he . Holly follow Hannah to a rack of blouse . holly he 's marry ... hannah ( interrupt , look through the rack ) oh- oh. holly ( overlap ) ... and he wife 's , uh , in and out of institution . she 's schizophrenic . Holly continue to talk as she follow Hannah across the floor to a rack of dress . Hannah 's on one side , flipping through the hanger . Holly , on the other side of the same rack , talk to she sister , not look at the clothes . holly sometimes she 's terrific ... hannah ( overlap ) oooo . holly ... and then she just break down . ( gesture ) and he have this sweet daughter ... and when she go to college next year , he 's go to split permanently . I mean ... hannah ( overlap , look up at Holly ) oh ? holly ... he 's really pay he due , but ... then she help put he through architecture school , you know , so ... Hannah take a jacket on a hanger off the rack and look at it . she hold it to she . hannah ( interrupt , glance at she sister for a moment with amazement ) you find all this , all this out on one date ? holly ( chuckle and nodd ) well , I think he be die to open up . it 's so sad . ( finally look back and forth along the rack ) now ... what should I wear to my audition ? Hannah turn to Holly with surprise . she put the jacket back on the rack and stare at she ; she inhale . holly ( explain ) I have get a sing audition for a Broadway musical . ( chuckle ) of course , I will never get it . hannah sing ? holly ( chuckle ) yeah , can you believe it ? hannah ( walk around the rack to Holly , still surprised ) really ? holly ( vulnerably ) well , I mean , why not ? you know , wh- what have I get to lose ? uh ... hannah ( overlap , shaking she head ) well , no ... i- I know , I just , uh ... no , I - I , eh , you know , I , I do not , I do not know you sung . Hannah begin to look at the rack of clothes on Holly 's side , while she sister stare at she , frown . holly ( defensively ) well , you think everybody in m- musical sing so well ? hannah ( gesture , shaking she head ) no ! no , I , eh , it 's just that they sing . Holly be silent for a moment . Hannah take a blouse off the rack and look at it . holly well ... you know , uh ... I sing a little , I mean ... ( chuckle self - consciously ) hannah ( realize she 's hurt Holly , reacting ) ohh ! holly ( overlap , shaking she head ) you know . hannah ( hang the blouse back on the rack ) I know , no -- ( chuckle ) I know . holly ( overlap , still chuckle self - consciously , gesture ) I mean , y- you know , do not say it that way , you know , because my confidence be not my strong point , I - - hannah ( interrupt , touch she sister 's shoulder ) no , I be sorry . no , I do not mean that . no , I do not mean that . the two sister walk away from the rack , Hannah slightly in the lead . behind they be some more rack of clothing and a large window with close venetian blind . holly ( gesture ) uh , you know , I think I can fake my way through a song . hannah ( nodd as she look around the store , pull up she shoulder bag strap ) uh-huh . holly easily . Holly pause , look at she sister . they continue to walk . holly ( look at Hannah ) w- why ? you do not think it 's realistic ? hannah ( put she hand on Holly 's shoulder ) no , I do not , I , that 's no . no , I - I - I , no , I - I just ... ( gesture ) hate to see you put yourself in a position where , where you get hurt , you know . you know , you know how you take ... holly ( overlap , nodd ) yeah . they walk over to a table laid out with colorful scarve and decorate with hurricane lamp border its edge . hannah ( continue , look at some clothes hang beneath the table ) ... every , eh , single rejection as - as - as a... a confirmation that you have no talent , or something ? holly ( overlap , nodd ) yeah . well , maybe I will get it . ( chuckle and gesture ) hannah ( overlap , look at the clothes ) I hope . Holly look at she sister for a beat . holly ( sighing ) Boy , you really know how to cut I down . hannah ( look at Holly , reacting ) what ? you do not , do not be so sensitive . can not I say anything ? holly ( gesture ) tch , well , I sing ! ( suddenly shouting ) for chrissake , Hannah , you hear I sing ! a female customer , who would come over to the table , browsing through the rack of clothes near Hannah , look up , reacting . she walk away . hannah ( overlap , reacting to she sister 's outburst ) okay ! ( look at she sister ) okay . I -- what happen ? you know , we be have a really nice time , a-and suddenly , everything go to bad feel . she walk past Holly and briefly look at a different rack of clothes beneath the table . holly ( shaking she head ) nobody but you can do that to I . I do not know why . hannah ( gesture ) look , everything 's go you way . she walk offscreen to a nearby rack ; the camera remain focus on Holly . holly you be right . ( pause ) I be happy . ( shrugging , look at the offscreen Hannah ) why must I let my insecurity spoil everything ? Holly chuckle and begin to look through the scarve on the table . CUT to : int . theater - day a group of theater executive , include the producer , the director , and two assistant , sit in a cluster in the empty audience , talk ; they look up at the offscreen Holly , who be audition on the stage . she be sing " I be Old - fashion , " accompany by a piano . holly ( offscreen , sing softly ) " this year 's fancy be pass fancy ... " the film move from the audience to the stage where Holly , she hand clasped in front of she , continue to sing she song . a large group of other hopeful be see in the background behind she . holly ( continue she sing , barely move she body ) " but sighing sigh holding hand this my heart understand I be old - fashioned and I do not mind it it 's how I want to be as long as you agree to stay old - fashioned with I . " the camera move from Holly back to the executive in the audience . as it pass the empty audience seat , they be hear offscreen . producer ( offscreen ) thank you . director ( offscreen ) thank you . producer ( offscreen ) it be very nice . assistant # 1 ( offscreen , overlap ) terrific . the camera have reach the executive in the audience . they be now chatter among themselves , Holly forget . stage manager ( offscreen , overlap the executive ' chatter ) April knox ? the film cut back to the stage , where April , handle the audition pianist some sheet music , prepare herself to sing " the Way you look tonight . " the stage be very black , stark , except for April and the pianist . april ( sing ) " someday when I be awfully low when the world be cold I will get a glow just think of you and the way you look tonight ... " CUT to : ext . a STREET outside the theater - day a theater marquee can be see on the busy street as Holly and April walk down the street towards the camera , move closer and closer as they talk . Workmen and various street noise can be hear indistinctly in the background . holly I be tell you , you sound great . you , uh , you may be surprised . april ( sighing ) oh , I be just glad we have a catering job this week . I be real low on money . holly yeah , we have Mr. Morris Levine 's eightieth birthday party on Riverside drive ... or Riverside Memorial Chapel , depend on he health . april oh , uh , listen , David call I up . holly ( reacting ) what ? april ( gesture ) uh , David call I last night , and he want to take I to the opera. ( chuckle ) I do not know what to say . holly ( reacting ) you be joke . april no , he call late last night . holly ( sadly ) I , uh , I be very surprised . april ( chuckle , gesture ) he want to take I to see rigoletto . holly ( look briefly at April ) and you , you - you be go ? april well , I - i- I do not know what to say . first I say no , but then , he press it . he say , uh , he would take you once and he really want to invite I . holly ( pause ) but I be see he . april ( gesture ) I know . I say that , but ... ( shrugging ) he say it be something he really feel like do . holly ( stop and face April ) gee , um ... ( look off , sniff ) I ... I do not know what to say . april look , it 's just a evening at the opera . do I , I - I do wrong in accept ? Holly look away sadly ; she shake she head . april ( continue ) huh ? CUT to : the big leap . the film cut to Father Flynn 's rectory office . the Catholic priest look out a simple stain - glass window , then turn to a offscreen mickey . father flynn ( gesture ) now why do you think that you would like to convert to Catholicism ? the camera move back to reveal mickey , he back to the camera , sit in front of Father Flynn 's desk . a lamp be light in the background ; the Father 's desk be neat . the room be comfortably decorate in wood and leather . mickey well , uh , because , y- you know , I gotta have something to believe in , otherwise life be just meaningless . father flynn ( pace behind he desk and gesture ) I understand . but why do you make the decision to choose the Catholic faith ? the movie cut to mickey 's face . he 's very neat in a tie , sweater , and sport jacket . mickey ( gesture ) tch . well , y- you know ... first of all , because it 's a very beautiful religion . it 's very well structure . now I be talk now , incidentally , about the - the , uh , against - school - prayer , pro-abortion , anti-nuclear wing . father flynn ( offscreen ) so at the moment you do not believe in God . the camera cut back to Father Flynn , who walk over to a leather armchair next to a table set for tea . he begin to pour the tea into china cup . mickey ( offscreen ) no. a-a- and I - I want to . you know , I be - I be willing to do anything . I will , you know , I will dye Easter egg if it work . ( walk over to Father Flynn and sit down in a adjacent chair ) i- I need some evidence . I gotta have some proof . uh , you know , i- i- if I can not believe in God ( gesture , he raincoat in he lap ) then I do not think life be worth live . father flynn ( stop he tea pour ) it mean make a very big leap . Father Flynn clasp he hand in he lap . mickey ( nodd , fiddling with he raincoat ) yes , well , can - can you help I ? the film abruptly cut to the long hallway in mickey 's parent ' apartment . in the foreground , a section of the live room can be see , with a bureau hold a lamp and a frame photo . the hallway itself be crowded with picture and a wall shelf . at the other end of the hallway , in the background , be another bureau , with candlestick on top and a frame picture on the wall above . mickey 's mother stand in the front of this bureau at the hallway 's end , scream at the top of she lung , hold she heart dramatically . mother ( cry ) why ? oh , my God ! she sob hysterically , staggering offscreen to the bathroom ; she shut the door . mickey walk into view , in the live room , look after he shocked mother , who continue to cry over the scene . mickey ( overlap and gesture ) I do not understand . ( turn to he offscreen father ) I think that you would be happy . father ( offscreen ) how can we be happy ? his father walk into view , carry a teacup and a candy dish . he stride past mickey towards the kitchen . mickey ( follow he father ) well , because I never think of God in my life . now I be give it serious think . father ( offscreen , in the kitchen ) but Catholicism ? why not you own people ? mickey ( gesture at the kitchen door to he offscreen father ) because I get off to a wrong foot with my own thing , you know . b-b- b- but I need a dramatic change in my life . father ( offscreen ) you be gonna believe in Jesus Christ ? mickey ( gesture ) I know it sound funny , but I be gonna try . father ( offscreen ) but why ? we raise you as a Jew . mickey ( shrugging ) so , just ' cause I be bear that way ... you know , I be old enough to make a mature decision . mickey 's father walk into view ; he stand by the stove near the kitchen doorway , pick up a dirty glass and some bowl to clean . father but why Jesus Christ ? why , for instance , should not you become a Buddhist ? holding the dirty dish in he hand , mickey 's father look at he son . mickey ( gesture ) a Bud - -? that 's totally alien to I . look , you be get on in year , right ? be not you afraid of die ? mickey 's father walk offscreen again , to the kitchen sink . father ( offscreen ) why should I be afraid ? mickey ( loudly gesture ) oh ! ' Cause you will not exist ! father ( offscreen ) so ? mickey ( gesture ) that think do not terrify you ? mickey 's father walk out of the kitchen , past he son , to the live room . father ( wave he arm ) who think about such nonsense ? now I be alive . when I be dead , I will be dead . mickey ( follow he father , gesture ) I do not understand . be not you frighten ? father ( offscreen ) of what ? I will be unconscious . mickey ( turn and walk down the hallway ) yeah , I know . but never to exist again ! father ( offscreen ) how do you know ? mickey well , it certainly do not look promise . mickey stop at the bathroom door at the other end of the hallway . he start to pound it . father ( offscreen ) who know what will be ? mickey 's father come back on screen ; he 's carry a plate of hor d'oeuvre and a empty glass towards the kitchen . he stop and look down the hall at mickey , who 's now struggle to open the bathroom door . father ( gesture with he hand full ) I will either be unconscious or I will not . if not , I will deal with it then . I be not gonna worry now about what 's gonna be when I be unconscious . mickey ( pound on the door ) Mom , come out ! mother ( offscreen in the bathroom ) of course there 's a God , you idiot ! you do not believe in God ? mickey ( sighing ) but if there 's a God , then wh- why be there so much evil in the world ? ( shrugging ) what -- just on a simplistic level . why - why be there Nazis ? mother ( offscreen in the bathroom ) tell he , Max . mickey , reacting , hit he forehead . father ( offscreen ) how the hell do I know why there be Nazis ? I do not know how the can opener work . mickey start pound the door again as the movie cut to : a beautiful snow - cover church downtown , complete with courtyard and wrought- iron fence . a pedestrian walk by with a umbrella . a church choir sing a soar hymn over the scene . the music continue as the film move inside , where the choir be see sing behind a altar glow warm gold . a fairly large congregation sit in darken pews as the film cut to the back , where mickey , he arm cross , stand underneath some stain - glass window , watch and listen to the inspiring music . the choir continue to sing as the movie cut to Father Flynn in he office . he pick up some large , heavy book from a shelf near he window and he walk over to mickey , who 's stand near he desk , already hold several tome . Father Flynn put the book on top of mickey 's pile ; mickey , flipping through the top one , awkwardly carry he bundle to the door . next be see a close - up of a painting of Jesus Christ on the cross , complete with crown of thorns and holy expression . his eye , especially design to blink as the light hit they , open and close repeatedly . the hymn play on , loudly , as the camera move back , revealing mickey , stand outside a barber shop window , look at the Christ play and shuffle from side to side to get its eye ' 3 - D effect . smaller inspirational picture border the bigger , blink Christ . a barber pole with move stripe stand nearby ; pass traffic be reflect in the window . mickey turn from the window , shrugging , and start to walk down the street , past a fruit and vegetable store with open - air-display flower , past several briskly move pedestrian . with the hymn still play , the screen go black briefly . mickey open the door , the light from a hallway illuminate he . he 's just enter he apartment . he close the door and walk through he dark foyer ; he carry a brown bag . he switch on the light , and walk past he spiral staircase , past several frame picture on the wall , he make he way to he live room coffee table . mickey pull a crucifix out of the bag ; he look at it , then put it on the table near a pile of book and some objet d'art . he then take out a copy of the New Testament , put it on top of the crucifix . then out come a frame picture of a saint . it too get put on the grow pile . but the bag be not yet empty . next come a large loaf of wonder bread and a large jar of hellman 's mayonnaise . mickey set they on top of the saint . CUT to : ext . new york CITY STREET - day Lee be walk down the street , look around she . the sidewalk be fairly crowded with people ; the sound of traffic be hear . she pass some office building , a store 's large display window ; she stop when she see Hannah . her sister be wait outside the Art Deco faade of a restaurant ; she 's look in the opposite direction . Lee tap Hannah on the shoulder ; Hannah , surprised , turn and gasp . lee ( overlap Hannah 's gasp ) hi. the sister laugh and embrace each other . hannah hi. where 's Holly ? lee ( overlap ) hi . she 's audition for a television commercial . she say she 's gonna be a little late . hannah ( sighing ) oh , yeah ? how 's she do ? she turn and walk towards the restaurant entrance . lee ( follow Hannah through the restaurant 's door ) oh , God , you know Holly . when she 's depressed , she 's manic . I think it be a good idea that we invite she to lunch . they disappear inside . the camera follow they , cut to the restaurant 's interior at the same time the sister walk in . it 's a chic , trendy place , with a Art Deco design and high ceiling . a waiter in uniform stand near its glass and metal door , hold a tray to he chest ; a few people sit at the bar ; a large plant in a vase sit in the foreground . the sister walk toward the coatcheck area , deep in conversation . hannah ( pull off she scarf , still on the subject of Holly ) I hope you tell she it be you idea ... lee why ? hannah ( overlap ) ...' cause every time I try to be helpful , you know , sh- she get so defensive . lee ( unbuttone she coat ) oh , Hannah , she 's - she 's just embarrassed in front of you , that 's all . Hannah walk offscreen , farther into the coatcheck room . she talk offscreen as Lee alone be see , reacting and speak as well . in the background , a waiter cross over to the bar , then walk away . hannah ( offscreen ) so how be you ? lee oh , I , I be okay . hannah ( offscreen ) do you miss Frederick ? lee no. hannah ( offscreen ) I can not believe elliot and I can not think of someone nice for you to go out with , you know -- lee ( interrupt , she voice slightly higher - pitch as she take off she coat ) how be you ? hannah ( offscreen ) I be okay . lee ( overlap ) you know , how 's everything ? you do okay ? how 's Frederick ? ( laugh ) I mean , elliot . hannah ( offscreen , overlap ) y-yeah . Hannah walk out of the coatcheck room without she coat ; it 's Lee 's turn to disappear and check she thing . now only Hannah can be see onscreen as the sister talk . in the background , the waiter once again walk over to the bar . hannah ( continue ) oh , he 's fine . he 's - he 's , I guess he 's fine . I do not know . ( shaking she head , she arm cross ) he 's be kinda moody lately , the last few month . lee ( offscreen , overlap ) really ? hannah yeah . i- I do not know what 's wrong with he . he 's just ... kind of distant and difficult . lee ( offscreen ) oh ... hannah ( overlap , gesture ) I have be try to talk to he about it . he say everything 's fine , but I do not know . automatically , you know , I leap to the worst conclusion . lee ( offscreen ) like what ? as Hannah answer she sister , Holly can be see enter the restaurant and walk over to the coatcheck area , a unlit cigarette in she mouth , she sunglass still on she eye . hannah ( gesture ) I mean , I do not know , he 's see someone else or something , but ... lee ( walk back onscreen without she coat , reacting ) oh , no ! I mean , everyone think thing like that . Hannah mumble indistinctly as Holly walk over to she sister . hannah ( turn , to Holly ) hey , hi ! holly ( overlap ) well , I just come from a audition ... lee ( overlap , lean against the coatcheck wall ) hi. holly ( continue ) ... which I do not get . hannah ( reacting ) awwww ... holly ( overlap , sighing ) so what 's new ? she take off she glove and scarf , stuff they in she bag ) hannah ( help Holly with she coat ) Boy -- holly ( interrupt ) they say I be too offbeat look , whatever the hell that mean . hannah oh , what do they know ? Holly give she coat to the coatcheck person . holly ( to the checker ) thanks . ( turn to she sister ) but guess who be there audition ? lee April ? the hostess appear , peek around the corner of the coatcheck area . she signal for the three sister to follow she . hannah ( reacting to Holly 's news ) oh , gosh . holly you get it . Holly take off she sunglass ; she cigarette still dangle from she mouth . Hannah murmur she sympathy as the trio follow the hostess into the dining room . holly ( gesture ) I be very polite . I maintain my poise . ( take out a match for she cigarette ) I say hello . the sister walk to they seat , at a round table in the middle of the room ; the hostess put down they menus . lee hmm . I never trust April , you know . she have eye in the back of she head . they sit down . the hostess leave . other diner be see in the background ; a waiter be take the order of a couple sit on a banquette ; other waiter clear off a table . diner walk in and out . a low murmur of conversation , as well as the faint clatter of dish , be hear . the camera move closer to the three sister , circle the table as Holly speak . holly yeah , well , she and a architect be now a very definite item , which I still cannot believe . lee ( overlap ) hmm . hannah oh , God ... holly ( nodd she head , hold she cigarette ) yeah , although it 's put a end to the stanislavski cater company . which be why I have to speak to you . and ... ( gesture to Hannah ) you be gonna get impatient , but ... I have to borrow some more money . ( put she cigarette in she mouth and pick up the match ) hannah ( shaking she head ) well , that ... th- that 's fine . holly ( gesture , she cigarette in one hand , she match in the other ) but what I decide to do be some write . yeah , I think I have have it with act . you know , this meaningless audition at cattle call . and I can not handle another rejection . ( emotionally ) now let 's face it here . I gotta , you know , latch on to something in my life . you know -- something with a future . I be not sixteen anymore . ( lighting she cigarette ) it 's just ... crazy ! ( puffing she cigarette ) I have get ... a idea for a story . more than one . and I just need a few month , you know , or , uh , a year even . as the camera slowly circle the table , Hannah be see listen to Holly , she hand on she mouth . holly I have pick up a lot about dramatic structure from do my scene in act class . Lee , she hand on she mouth , glance briefly at Hannah . as Hannah reply to Holly , the camera focus on Lee 's face . she bite she nail ; she look down , involved in she own thought . hannah ( offscreen ) well , that - that 's good . it just , uh ... it just seem to I that - that six month or a year , if - if you spend it more productively ... holly ( offscreen , the camera still focus on Lee ) well - well , like what ? Lee look up , she hand still on she mouth , watch Hannah , as the camera slowly move off she to show Hannah . hannah well , I do not know . we would uh , uh , um ... do not Mom mention there be something ... something at the Museum of Broadcasting ? holly ( offscreen ) yeah , that 's clerical . hannah no . she , do not she say it be , um ... she say it be in the publicity department . that - that can lead to other thing . the camera be back on Lee . she look around tensely , barely listen to the conversation . she fidget . a empty table sit in the background . holly ( offscreen ) Boy , I know you would be discouraging . hannah ( offscreen ) I be not ! I be not ! I be try to be helpful . a person do not just say one day , " okay , now - now I be finish as a actress . now I be a writer . " I mean -- holly ( offscreen , interrupt ) yeah , you mean not at my age . lee ( shaking she head , unable to take much more ) oh , please ! we all come to have lunch , do not we ? holly ( reacting , now in view ) yeah , okay , right . forget it . ( puffing on she cigarette ) what 's to eat ? Holly abruptly pick up she menu . lee ( try to alleviate the tension ) Boy ... Holly ... Holly . holly ( overlap ) I just want a salad . ( to Hannah ) you really think I be a loser , do not you ? hannah ( offscreen ) what do --? you be be ridiculous . lee ( overlap , reacting ) you be , Holly . stop it . holly ( to Hannah ) you treat I like a loser . hannah ( offscreen ) how ? holly you never have any faith in my plan . you always undercut my enthusiasm . she puff intensely on she cigarette as the camera slowly circle to Hannah 's face . she be equally intense , look at both sister as she speak . hannah not so ! no . I think I have be very supportive . I have ... I try to give you honest , constructive advice . holly ( offscreen ) hmm ! hannah ( overlap ) I be - I be always happy to help you financially . I think I have go out of my way to - to introduce you to interesting single man . there 's nothing I would -- holly ( offscreen , interrupt ) uh , loser ! all loser ! hannah you be too demand . holly ( offscreen ) you know , I could always tell what you think of I by the type of man you fix I up with ! the camera , slowly circle the table , be back on Lee 's face . while she sister argue emotionally on she right and leave , she be look down , bite she lip . she be outwardly still , but she face be register she seethe emotion . hannah ( offscreen ) you be crazy ! that 's not true . holly ( offscreen ) hey , Hannah , I know I be mediocre . lee ( interrupt angrily , look as if she 's about to cry ) oh , will you stop attack Hannah ?! hannah ( offscreen , overlap ) oh , now -- ( stutter ) lee ( interrupt , shaking she head ) she 's go through a really rough time right now . holly ( offscreen ) why be you so upset ? lee ( sobbing and gesture ) you know , you have be pick on she ever since she come in here . now just leave she alone for a while ! I be just suffocating . ( sniff back she tear ) holly ( lean over to Lee , puzzle , reacting to she sister 's tear ) what 's the matter with you , Lee ? why be you so sensitive all of a sudden ? hannah ( offscreen ) look. ( onscreen , as the camera circle around the table ) listen . listen . ( tapping Holly on she shoulder and gesture ) you want to write ? write . holly ( offscreen , overlap to Lee ) what 's the matter ? hannah ( fling she hand ) write ! let 's just not talk about it anymore . holly ( offscreen ) good . hannah ( shaking she head ) take ... take a year . take six month . whatever you want . who know ? maybe you will , maybe you will be sit with a good play . she open she menu , then turn to Lee , reacting suddenly to she sister , who be rub she forehead , look terribly upset . hannah ( to Lee ) what 's the matter ? what 's the matter with you ? ( offscreen again as the camera circle back to Lee ) you look pale . you okay ? lee ( overlap , nodd and stutter ) I be - I be okay . yeah , I - I - I , you know , I ... I be just , um , I get dizzy all of a sudden . I be - I be ... I have a headache . hannah ( offscreen , overlap ) yeah ? lee ( still rub she forehead , look down at the menu ) I think we need to eat . CUT to : summer in New York . a piano play " bewitch " in the background as the film cut to a large tree , cover with bright white blossom . the camera move down the tree to reveal a well - keep , red-brick brownstone on a pleasant , sunny New York City street . a man wear a summer suit walk by as the film move inside the building , to elliot 's analyst 's office . the psychotherapist sit in a comfortable armchair next to a curtain window . in front of the window sit a table cover with artifact and a large lamp . the analyst 's finger be touch , he arm rest on the chair , as he listen to the offscreen elliot . elliot ( offscreen ) i- I can not seem to take action . I be - I be like , uh , hamlet unable to kill he uncle . the music stop as the camera move across the room to reveal elliot , sit in a wooden chair . he hold a long , thin cigarette ; he wear a gold rolex watch . he face be not yet see . elliot ( face offscreen ) I want Lee , but I can not harm Hannah . and in no other area be I a procrastinator . elliot raise he cigarette to take a drag . the camera follow the cigarette up to he face . elliot look thoughtful as the movie cut to : ext . columbia university campus - day Lee , wear jeans and carry a armful of book , be run up a broad set of step in the sunlight , greeting other student as she pass . elliot continue to talk over the scene ... elliot ( v.o. ) meanwhile ... Lee have no direction . she 's take course at Columbia ... but just randomly . ... as Lee stop on a portico and turn to greet Doug , a professor , who be run over to she , call she name . they mouth hello , smile , and begin to walk off together . elliot ( v.o. ) I try not to call she , but then she call I and then ... I call and ... we try to resist meeting , but ... once in a while we meet . sometimes we argue because I can not break up my marriage . sometimes we wind up make love and ... we both feel terrible . the film cut back to elliot in he analyst 's office . elliot but it 's my fault . elliot take a last drag on he cigarette . the camera follow he hand as he crush it out in a nearby ashtray . elliot ( face offscreen ) for all my education , accomplishment , and so-called wisdom ... I can not fathom my own heart . CUT to : ext . central park - day Hare krishna music be hear over a sunlit view of the Manhattan skyline and the green tree of Central Park . the camera move down to reveal a large group of Hare krishnas dance on the broad green lawn among other New yorker enjoy the day . the leader , hold some pamphlet , stand by a chain - link fence , a few foot away from he group , talk to someone on the other side . it 's mickey , as the camera soon show , wear a short - sleeve shirt , a paper tuck under he arm . krishna leader what make you interested in become a Hare krishna ? mickey ( gesture , walk onscreen ) well , I be not say that I want to join or anything , but ... but I know you guy believe in reincarnation , you know , so it interest I . krishna leader yeah , well , what 's you religion ? mickey ( gesture ) well , I be bear jewish , you know , but , uh , but last winter I try to become a Catholic and ... it do not work for I . i- I study and I try and I give it everything , but , you know , Catholicism for I be die now , pay later , you know . and I just could not get with it . and I , and I want to , you know . I - - krishna leader ( interrupt ) you be afraid of die ? mickey ( gesture ) well ... yeah , naturally . be not you ? I -- l-let I ask you , reincarnation , do that mean my soul would pass to another human be , or would I come back as a moose or a aardvark or something ? krishna leader ( hand some krishna literature over the fence to mickey ) take we literature ... mickey ( nodd , take the material ) uh-huh . krishna leader ... read it over , and think about it . mickey ( look down at the material he 's just receive ) well , okay . thank you very much . krishna leader you be welcome . Hare krishna . mickey walk off , the Hare krishnas still dance and sing on the other side of the fence . he flip through the literature as he walk , then look straight ahead , ponder . his voice be hear over the screen . mickey ( v.o. ) who be you kid ? you be gonna be a krishna ? you be gonna shave you head and put on robe and dance around at airport ? you will look like Jerry Lewis . oh , God , I be so depressed . mickey put he hand to he mouth as another title appear on a black screen . Autumn chill . bach 's concerto for harpsichord be hear as the film cut to the waterfront at dusk . a bench face some wharf piling ; the water gently lap against they as Lee walk into view , the wind blow she hair . she stand and face the water and the distant skyline across the bay . the view be contemplative , beautiful in the dim light . Lee be alone ; she hand be in she pocket . Lee , think , be hear over the scene ; the harpsichord music play in the background . lee ( v.o. ) the night be really get cooler . summer go so quickly . soon it will be fall . ( walk to the beach and sit down ) my literature professor really like I . it be fun be out with he last night . ( stare pensively at the water ) funny . I feel like I be betray elliot ... but that 's ridiculous . why should not I see Doug ? elliot 's not free . ( pause ) just go one step at a time . let 's see what the next few month bring . the concerto stop and the movie cut to Holly , lean into a open phone booth near a subway entrance . she wear a football jacket , jeans , and sneaker ; she hold a manuscript in she arm . it 's a busy corner . people rush past Holly towards the subway ; other be walk up the station step . Holly smoke a cigarette as she talk on the phone to Hannah . holly ( into the telephone ) Hannah ? hi. listen , um , you will be happy to know that you money have not go completely to waste ... no , I have a actual first rough draft of something I write ... yeah . yeah . yeah , well , I show it to Lee , and she give I some good pointer . and , um , listen , I be pretty near where you live . I wonder if I could just drop it off ... and , you know , when you have time , some time , read it , a - and we will talk when I come over at Thanksgiving . okay ? all right . okay . oh , wait , wait . ( turn she body , still on the phone ) listen . listen . I think Lee meet a interesting guy at Columbia ... yeah . yeah , well , he sound really nice ... ( puffing on she cigarette ) yeah . okay . all right . well , we will talk at Thanksgiving . bye-bye . Holly hang up the phone and take a drag on she cigarette . she look off in the distance , smile , as the film cut to : int . hannah's apartment - thanksgive - night it 's Thanksgiving at Hannah 's once again . guest be crowded together in the live room , surround the piano , where Evan be sit and flipping through some sheet music . Norma stand behind he , lean against a book -laden wall . the guest be chatter , enjoy themselves ; a lamp glow on the corner of the piano . a little boy sit in a chair next to Evan be talk animatedly with a girl who be lean over the arm of the sofa . a adult guest talk to the little boy ; another guest take a sip of wine from a glass she would place on the bookshelf behind she as Evan turn and address the group . evan ( gesture ) now , here ... here 's a song that Norma sing on that trip we make up to the show in buffalo . and , oh , be she beautiful that night ! the guest laugh appreciatively . a woman come over to Evan and hand he some wine . norma come on . ( laugh and touch Evan 's shoulder ) evan ( overlap , to the woman ) thank you , honey . ( put he drink down on the piano ) oh , yes , you be , dear . do not you remember that night ? ( gesture and push back some sheet music that be start to fall ) she be so beautiful ... she be so beautiful that when man see she walk along the street , they would drive they car right up on the sidewalk . he laugh ; the guest laugh with he . evan ( look back at Norma ) be not that right , honey , eh ? norma ( tapping he shoulder ) a slight exaggeration . the guest continue to laugh ; they be charme . evan ( overlap Norma , laugh ) I know . norma ( gesture ) but only slight . Evan continue to laugh with everyone as he start to play the piano . a nearby woman toast he with she drink . the camera move around the room as he play , show the various guest , chatter over the music . some be in cluster , in private conversation ; other listen and watch the offscreen Evan . a couple stand by the window ; one man get up from he chair and walk away . some guest sip they drink , smile , as the camera move back to the piano and the book -laden wall . Evan be play the piano with exuberance . Norma , still stand behind he , have a poignant , wistful expression on she face . she mouth the word to the song Evan be play , " it could Happen to you . " the woman next to she smile , enjoy the music , as the camera continue its exploration , move to a man stand in the doorway with a group of child . mavis the may walk by with a tray of hor d'oeuvre . the man take one , mouth he thanks , as the camera travel past the open bookshelf , past two boy in suit who be drink soda and munch , to reveal Lee . she be lean against another doorway , a faraway look on she face as she listen to the music . mavis pass in the hall beyond the doorway . several people , deep in conversation , stand nearby as elliot , hold a drink , walk up behind she . elliot ( sip he drink ) you have be very cold to I tonight . lee ( glance back at elliot , then turn away ) no . elliot be something wrong ? lee ( turn ) oh , not here . ( touch elliot 's arm ) there be too many people around . Lee slip past elliot and walk away . elliot look back at she briefly , then , sip he drink , he turn and look offscreen at the crowd in the live room . CUT to : int . hannah's kitchen - night Holly be stand in the pantry , prepare some offscreen food . near she be a restaurantlike swinging door with a glass porthole . in the foreground , the kitchen table be crowded with bowl and plate of food . a open cupboard separate Holly from the rest of the room . holly ( look offscreen ) hey , Hannah ? you know , I think Lee be really serious about she new boyfriend . yeah , eh , from what I understand he sound really nice . Hannah walk into view , head for the refrigerator . she carry two tomato . holly I be so happy for she . I think she 's in love . Hannah open the refrigerator , totally ignore Holly . holly ( reacting ) hey , what 's the matter ? hannah ( take a bunch of celery out and slamm the refrigerator door ) I be real upset about what you write . Hannah walk over to the table , gather up more food . holly my script ? hannah it 's obviously base on elliot and I . holly oh , so loosely . hannah ( angrily ) no , not " oh , so loosely " ! Real specifically ! be that how you see we ? holly ( shrugging , walk out of the pantry area ) well -- hannah ( interrupt ) can I , can I not accept gesture and feeling from people ? do I , do I put people off ? Holly walk over to the sink and wash she hand . holly ( reacting ) well , it 's a make - up story . she dry she hand as Hannah , she arm laden with vegetable , stride over to she sister . hannah ( yell ) no , it 's real exact ! the - the situation , the dialogue , everything . it 's - it 's full of intimate detail between elliot and I ! which I do not , I do not see how you could even possibly know about . a conversation we once have about adoption ? Hannah storm out a nearby door as Holly turn away from the sink . holly ( gesture , the towel still in she hand , as she speak to she offscreen sister ) well , Lee mention that to I , so obviously you discuss it with she . you ... ( pace around the table ) I just take the essence and I blow it up into drama . Holly wipe she hand on the towel as Hannah reenter the kitchen , carry even more vegetable . hannah I do not see how Lee could know about this thing . I do not ! I do not tell she everything . Hannah stride into the pantry area and flop the vegetable down on the counter . Holly put the dishtowel down and absently straighten some thing on the food- laden table . holly ( reacting ) wow , I guess I hit a nerve . hannah ( turn to look at Holly ) you make it sound like , you know , I have no need or something . you think I be too self - sufficient ? holly ( stop she mindless straighten at the table , reacting ) now , Hannah , that 's not what I mean , you know . ( walk offscreen to the sink area ) uh , yeah , everybody rely on you for so much . " you be so give . it 's not a criticism . we love you . we be grateful . " hannah ( walk out of the pantry to the food - laden table ) you be grateful , but you resent I . holly ( offscreen ) oh , wow ! I do not want to have this conversation . I do not do anything wrong . Hannah angrily gather up some spice from the table ; Holly walk back onscreen hold a silver ice bucket . she stop at the corner of the table and face Hannah . holly ( onscreen ) y- you mention to I yourself that you and elliot be have some problem . hannah ( gesture ) yeah , we be have some problem , but problem that be my business ... which I do not see how you could know about in such detail . how do Lee know about this thing ? how ? they be private ! Hannah pick up a large bowl and carry it , as well as she armload of spice , into the pantry area . holly ( turn to look at she sister as she walk past ) well , why do not you share they with we ? hannah ( with she back to the camera ) I do not ... I do not want to bother everyone . holly ( face she sister 's back ) that 's the point . I would like to be bother . hannah ( turn to look at Holly ) I do not see how you could know about this thing unless elliot 's be talk to you . holly ( shaking she head ) no , he have not . if I offended you , I be sorry . Hannah , reacting , put the spice down on the pantry counter . Holly turn away . the film cut to the dining room doorway . guest can be see mingling and talk and help themselves at a buffet table in the live room . Lee and elliot can be hear offscreen as the camera slowly move from the doorway across the empty dining room to reveal they in the midst of a intense conversation . the piano , as well as soft chatter , be hear in the background . lee ( offscreen ) it 's over , elliot . I do not know how to make it any clearer . it 's over . I can not see you anymore . elliot ( offscreen , overlap ) uh ... ( onscreen , gesture ) I - i- I know . I deserve this . lee ( touch she chest ) look , I be just as much at fault . elliot ( overlap , gesture ) if - if - if you can believe I have such feeling for you ! lee I have get to be honest with you . I meet someone else . I have meet someone else . ( turn and walk away from elliot ) I ... I tell you I be not go to wait forever . Lee go over to a open door and close it quickly . elliot ( offscreen ) but it have not be forever . ( walk over to Lee at the just - close door ) lee ( gesture ) it 's be nearly a year since we first time and you be still marry to my sister , which ... I now realize be fine because you be probably much more in love with she than you know . elliot ( shaking he head ) yeah , but we - we make so many plan . lee ( overlap , gesture ) yeah . uh , well , sure we do . a - a - and in a way you lead I on , because I truly believe you be unhappy with Hannah . otherwise , I would never have let myself be draw in . I be very weak . so be you . now I have meet someone else . the door open and mavis appear , hold a set of candlestick . she walk over to the dining room table , which be already deck out with a floral centerpiece , glassware , and china . she put they down as Lee and elliot stand awkwardly near the door , wait for she to leave . lee ( to mavis ) dinner soon ? mavis about fifteen minute . lee ( nodd ) uh-huh . good . mavis leave . both Lee and elliot quickly close the door behind she and immediately pick up where they would leave off . elliot and you be in love overnight ? lee I care a great deal about he , yes . elliot ( try to put he arm around Lee ) Lee ... lee ( pull back , fling she hand ) ah , it 's over ! elliot , I mean it . it 's over ! they look at each other , reacting , as the film cut back to Hannah 's kitchen . Norma 's face can be see in the porthole window on the other side of the pantry 's swinging door . she look around the kitchen , then open the door and step inside . Holly stand nearby , work in the pantry area . norma ( hold the door , half in and half out of the kitchen ) sweetheart , I love you script . I think it be so clever . holly ( turn to Norma , smile , and hold a glass of wine ) well , you be my mother . not everybody 's gonna be such a sucker . norma ( gesture ) I particularly like the character of the mother . just a boozy old flirt with a filthy mouth . Holly chuckle . norma I be so proud ! holly oh , Mom , thanks . Norma step back out of the kitchen , the door swinging shut behind she . Holly look at the door , sip she wine , as the movie cut back to Hannah 's live room . a chubby , friendly uncle sit on a sofa , one child on he lap and several other gather cross - legge around he on the floor . they lean on the coffee table , which be cover with glass and a bowl of chip . other guest mingle in the background ; one couple enter the live room , smile at the scene on the sofa . mavis cross the well - light foyer in the background and open the door to more guest . the piano play on . uncle ( raise he bottle of beer to the child ) now here 's a toast to Thanksgiving , all right ? the child mutter they enthusiastic agreement , pick up they " illicit " glass of beer . uncle be we suppose to have beer ? yeeeah ! the uncle pour more beer from he bottle into the kid ' outstretch glass . they cry indistinctly with excitement . uncle ( overlap the child 's squeal of delight ) let I at it ! ( to one of the little boy ) how 's that , fletcher ? laugh , he turn to the little girl sit on he lap ; he clink he bottle against the bottle she be hold , which be almost as big as she be . uncle ( to the little girl ) doll ? to Thanksgiving . here 's a little toast , doll . ( clinking glass ) come on . bottom up . the uncle and the child happily drink they beer as the movie cut to a wall with subtly pattern wallpaper in Hannah 's bedroom . her face move on to the screen . hannah ( to the offscreen elliot ) have you be talk to Holly or Lee about we ? about we - we personal life ? elliot ( offscreen ) I ? of course not . hannah there 's thing Holly write about in she script about we that be so ... personal they could only have come from you . elliot ( offscreen ) look , I have get a split headache and I do not like be accuse . Hannah walk towards elliot ; he 's in the bathroom stand over the sink . hannah ( gesture ) I be not accuse . I be ask . do you ... do you find I too ... too give ? ( close the door of the bathroom slightly so only she be see on the screen ) too-too - too competent ? too -too , I do not know , disgustingly perfect or something ? elliot no . elliot walk from behind the partially close door to a offscreen medicine cabinet . hannah ( follow elliot and gesture , talk to he back ) well , what be it then ? what ? eh , what 's come between we ? how have I alienate you ? elliot ( take a bottle of aspirin from the cabinet and walk back to the sink , gesture ) Hannah , my head be throbbing . hannah ( gesture ) you never want to talk about it . I -- every time I bring it up , you - you change the subject . what be it ? do you -- we be communicate less and less . you sleep with I less and less . elliot ( angrily turn to Hannah and point as she shout ) Hannah , I be very mix up ! now please ! elliot turn back to the sink , once again obscure by the partially close door . hannah ( reacting , she voice tremble slightly , and gesture ) do you talk to Holly or Lee behind my back ? do you ? you must . they - they seem to know so much about we . elliot ( walk towards a towel rack and gesture ) well , maybe I have ask advice once or twice or - or make a joke . he dry he hand as Hannah , stand behind he , continue to talk . hannah ( gesture ) well , what do you do ? do - do - do you talk to Holly , or Lee , or what ? do you , do you , do you phone they ? elliot ( whirling around to face Hannah , snap ) leave I alone , can you ?! he close the door , briefly obscure Hannah and himself from view . elliot ( continue in a lower tone ) Jesus , I have tell you . I need someone I can matter to . the camera move behind the close door , into the bathroom . hannah ( reacting , near tear ) you matter to I . completely . elliot ( pause , he voice rise again ) it 's hard to be around someone who give so much and - and need so little in return ! he open the medicine cabinet and put the aspirin bottle back . hannah ( gesture , plead ) but , look ... i- I have enormous need . elliot slam the medicine cabinet shut . elliot ( shouting ) well , I can not see they , and neither can Lee or Holly ! he leave . Hannah watch he go , reacting . she be stunne . CUT to : int . hannah's live room - another night the dark hallway be illuminate by light come from the offscreen foyer ; picture line the wall . piano music be still hear very softly in the background as Hannah , hugging herself , walk slowly down the hallway into the live room . she briefly look around , lose in think . she sit down heavily , tiredly , on the arm of the couch as the movie cut to several frame photograph on the mantel . one show Hannah and elliot on they wedding day . another show elliot , obscure in the shadow . yet another have capture Norma as a young girl . the camera , however , move closer and closer to a photograph show Hannah , Lee , and Holly , the three sister , smile into the camera . there be no sound . CUT to : int . hannah's bedroom - night the film show the bedroom night table , hold a small lamp , a wooden box , a cast - iron fire truck , a ashtray , and glass . elliot 's pajama-clad arm move into view . he turn off the lamp ; the room be now pitch - black . hannah ( offscreen ) it 's so pitch - black tonight . I feel lose . elliot ( offscreen ) you be not lose . elliot turn the lamp back on , then turn to Hannah ; she be lie on she side of the bed , partially in shadow . he lean over and kiss she . elliot I love you so much . they begin to kiss passionately as " bewitch " start to play in the background . CUT to : lucky I run into you . " bewitch " continue as the film cut to a busy nighttime New York City street . mickey , he hand in he pocket , walk along the sidewalk , one person among many other pedestrian . he pull he coat tighter around he as he walk . " bewitch " continue to play as he pass Tower record ' neon - light window . he glance inside ... and see Holly , she jacket flung over she shoulder , look at some record . mickey walk through the revolve door of Tower record , up a few stair to the sell floor proper , and stop right in front of Holly . mickey ( gesture ) mmm , I do not know if you remember I , but we have the worst night of my life together . holly ( laugh , hold some record ) I remember you . mickey ( overlap ) yes , you do recall , right ? holly ( overlap , smile and nodd ) I recall you . mickey ( gesture ) I be walk past and I see you in here ... holly ( overlap , nodd ) yeah . mickey ... and I think I would come in and ... and we could replay , uh , the whole , uh ... holly ( interrupt , laugh and shaking she head ) we do not hit it off . mickey ( overlap , smile ) oh , that 's put it mildly . we do everything but exchange gunshot . holly how be you ? mickey good . how be you ? holly I be fine . mickey ( overlap ) you look wonderful . holly ( chuckle , shaking she head ) oh , no . mickey ( overlap , scratch he head ) yeah , really . you do . you do . holly yeah ? mickey it be a terrible evening . holly yeah , it be . mickey ( overlap , gesture ) remember slamm the cab door in my face and .. ( touch he nose as Holly laugh ) you know , it come very dangerously close to emasculate my nose in a ... ( touch he nose again ) holly ( overlap , laugh ) I would never do that . mickey ( continue ) ... in a really horrible way . holly ( smile , glance away for a moment ) oh , well , that be a long time ago . mickey ( overlap ) you look wonderful . you do . what happen to you ? holly ( shrugging ) people change ... you know . mickey ( touch Holly 's shoulder ) well , I hope you have change . holly yeah , I hope you have , too . mickey ( overlap ) I hope so for you sake , because , uh , you personality leave something to be desire ... holly ( overlap , shaking she head ) yeah , and for yours . I be sure you have change . mickey ( continue ) ... namely a personality . Holly chuckle and turn to look at more record . she walk down the aisle , occasionally glance at the bin of record . mickey walk beside she . mickey so how be you ? holly ( smile ) I be okay . mickey you do not answer my question . what be you do ? holly oh , nothing much . you know ... mickey ( interrupt ) well ... holly ( overlap ) ... just some stuff . a little of this , a little of that , that 's all . mickey ( overlap ) yeah ? be that a embarrassing question ? should I have not ask it ? holly ( laugh ) probably not . mickey be you , be you out of work or something ? holly no , well ... I have be try to write . mickey have you ? holly ( pick up a record and look at it ) yeah . mickey well , that 's interesting . wh- what kind of stuff ? holly ( touch she chin for a moment ) oh ... well , you - you be not interested in this . mickey ( overlap ) no , you can tell I . holly come on . mickey no , I be . I be . holly ( overlap ) oh , no , million of people come up to you and say , " hey , I have something I just write , " right ? mickey nobody ever say it . holly really ? mickey ( overlap ) this be it . yeah . this be really -- holly ( interrupt , turn from the record bin to look at mickey ) well , will - would you be willing to - to read it ? something ... that I write ? mickey ( nodd he head ) well , yes , I would if , uh , if it would mean anything to you . I do not know why it would . holly ( laugh , touch she face ) no , the reason I ask be -- mickey ( overlap ) you have always hate my taste in the past . holly ( pull she jacket off she shoulder ) no , I have not . mickey you have . holly ( gesture , look at mickey ) I have not . no , the reason why I ask be I think it might make a great , uh , television script , and , you know , you be so active in television , so -- mickey ( chuckle , gesture ) I be not anymore . I have not , I have not be in television for a year . holly you be kid I . mickey ( overlap ) I have do no television whatsoever . no. as mickey continue to speak , Holly walk to another bin of record , reacting to he word . she look offscreen at he , then down at some record . the camera follow she . mickey ( offscreen , continue ) I may , I may have to get back into it , ' cause my accountant say that I be run out of dollar . but ... but , um , no , I have not , I just sort of drop out for a year ... holly ( overlap , nodd ) oh. oh. mickey ( offscreen , overlap ) ... which be a long , dull story and I will not get into it . but -- mickey walk back onscreen to Holly . the two of they be partially obscure by a large white Jazz sign imprint with a large red circle as they continue they conversation . holly ( interrupt ) you be okay , though , huh ? mickey I be -- yes . yes , I be fine . I be fine . how be you ? holly ( face offscreen , obscure by the sign ) oh , I be fine . mickey what ... what about you script ? ( face offscreen obscure by the sign ) so what 's it about ? holly ( face offscreen ) well , I would love it if you would read it , actually , ' cause I really would value you opinion . mickey ( face offscreen ) you have to remember , we-we - we do not agree on one thing . they emerge from behind the Jazz sign , still walk , still talk . holly ( smile , gesture ) but you have to remember while you be read and you be cursing my name , you know , that this be my first script . well , it 's not my first script . mickey hmm . holly ( touch she face ) actually , my first script be about Hannah and she husband , but , uh ... mickey yeah . holly ... Hannah read it , she get really angry , and ... you know , then I feel badly , so I - - she pick up a record . mickey ( overlap ) oh , well , God , I can imagine what you write . holly oh , no ! it be not anything bad . but she just ... you know . I do not know . mickey pull out a record and look at it . mickey really ? holly so , uh ... I throw it out , but I have this other one . Holly look hopefully at mickey . mickey well , you know , I -I - I ... you know , if you want I to , I will read it . holly ( overlap , gesture ) oh , gosh , I do not know . ( pause ) well , could I come over tomorrow and read it to you ? mickey ( chuckle ) come over tomorrow and read it to I ? Holly laugh , embarrassed , as mickey put the record he 's be look at back in the bin . mickey you must be joke . I have be do all my own read since I be forty ... you know . holly ( laugh , look at mickey ) hmm . I think it 's lucky I run into you . ( laugh ) maybe . mickey ( laugh ) well , what about I ? holly ( chuckle , wave she arm ) oh , well . mickey ( overlap , gesture ) I should have keep go . i- I have a sneaking feel , a nag sensation I should have keep walk and ... Holly chuckle , look off for a moment . mickey ( continue , look at Holly ) ... and not begin this conversation . there be a brief pause and the movie cut to : int . mickey' apartment - day the screen show a chaise in mickey 's apartment ; a ashtray on a stand sit nearby . the camera move down the chaise , past several pile of book , to mickey 's coffee table . he sit , pick at he finger and listen , on the edge of the table in front of Holly , who be sit cross -legge on the floor , propped up with a pillow , read she script aloud . holly ( offscreen , as the camera move across the room towards she and mickey , read ) " we all go through life play the hand we be deal . Craig : and what hand be you deal ? ( onscreen now ) " Emily : I be two high pair , maybe even ace up . the problem be , you have get three deuce . " Holly close the script and look up at mickey . holly that 's the end . mickey smile and shrug , not know what to say . holly no , you can tell I straight . it 's okay . just , you know , tell I what you think . mickey ( shaking he head , shrugging ) it 's great . I swea -- I be -- I be , tch , I be speechless . I be ... I be not in the mood to listen to this thing now . ( sighing ) I do not know what to say . I be move and I laugh and I -- uh , I , you know , I be on the edge of my seat . I just think it 's wonderful ! I be , I be totally ... stunne . this be not a insult . I be amaze that you can ... ( sighing ) it be -- I just think it be great . holly ( reacting ) really ? mickey ( grunt and gesture ) yes ! I be abso -- and ...w - what ... make you think of that climax scene where the , where the ... architect be walk home with he actress girlfriend and - and the ex - wife who 's schizophrenic jump out of the bush and stab he to death ? holly ( laugh and nodd ) oh , it just come to I one day . mickey ( gesture ) well , it be just fabulous ! I be , I , you know ... holly ( gasp , hit she forehead with she hand ) oh , gosh , you really think I can write ? mickey ( gesture ) I think it be wonder -- there 's maybe one or two thing in there that I would do differently myself , but ... holly ( gasp and nodd ) right . mickey ( continue ) ... but who care ? it be just -- ( gesture ) it be fabulous . holly ( chuckle ) oh ! mickey ( smile and shaking he head ) fabulous , I mean it ! I be so impressed . Holly , thrilled with mickey 's overwhelming response , stand up , she hand on she head . unable to contain herself , she begin to walk up and down the room , hold she script . the camera follow she ; mickey be now offscreen . holly ( laugh ) oh , God ! mickey ( offscreen , overlap ) I be . you - you make my day . holly ( gasp ) oh , wow ! mickey ( offscreen ) it be just great . uh , I be all set ... I be set to be bored stiff . holly ( grin , look at the offscreen mickey ) uh , gee . would you like to have lunch ? uh , uh ... mickey ( offscreen ) i- I would love to talk to you about , uh , that script . I - I , you know , I think maybe that we could do something with it . holly ( nodd ) okay , and listen , I would like to hear what make you suddenly decide to drop out of life . mickey ( offscreen ) oh , who care ? holly ( gesture ) y- you use to -- oh , no ! yeah , I care . you use to be so ambitious and ... ( pause , grin ) God , you really like it ?! " you make I Love you " start to play as the movie cut to the street outside mickey 's apartment house , a old building complete with a red entrance door and a gray , weather - beat faade . tree line the sidewalk . Holly and mickey emerge from the door and walk up the street , revealing a whole row of similar apartment building . they pass a few other people as they walk . the film then move to the outside of a charming glass and stainedwood caf . through the window , Holly and mickey can be see have lunch . Holly be talk animatedly ; mickey take a sip of coffee . some people pass by . next , the film cut to a almost isolate path in Central Park , complete , with old - fashioned streetlamp and scattered leave . Holly and mickey stroll into view , deep in conversation . holly ( gesture ) gosh , you really go through a crisis , you know that ? h-how do you get over it ? I mean , when I run into you , you seem , you seem just perfectly fine . well , you seem fine now . mickey well ... ( chuckle ) I will tell you . ( sighing ) one day about a month ago ... the film abruptly cut to mickey 's flashback , a visual counterpoint to the story he be tell Holly . a close - up of a nervous , perspire , and panting mickey alone in he apartment appear on the screen as he voice be hear . mickey ( v.o. ) ... I really hit bottom . you know , I just feel that in a godless universe , I do not want to go on live . now I happen to own this rifle ... ( cough ) mickey raise the barrel of a rifle to he forehead . he shut he eye tightly . mickey ( v.o. ) ... which I load , believe it or not , and press it to my forehead . and I remember think , at the time , I be gonna kill myself . then I think ... what if I be wrong ? what if there be a God ? I mean , after all , nobody really know that . the camera move past the desperate mickey to a mirror on the wall behind he . its reflection show he spiral staircase and some stand lamp . a clock faintly tick . mickey ( v.o. ) but then I think , no . you know , maybe be not good enough . I want certainty or nothing . and I remember very clearly the clock be tick , and I be sit there freeze , with the gun to my head , debate whether to shoot . the gun go off with a loud bang . the mirror shatter . mickey ( v.o. ) all of a sudden , the gun go off . mickey , hold the rifle , be see run over to the shattered mirror . the sound of he excited neighbor , they shouting , a knock door , be hear as he continue he tale . mickey ( v.o. ) I have be so tense , my finger have squeeze the trigger inadvertently ... neighbor # 1 ( offscreen , overlap ) what 's happen ? wh- wh - what 's go on ? mickey ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... but I be perspire so much , the gun have sly off my forehead and miss I . neighbor # 2 ( offscreen , overlap ) I do not know . I hear a gun . be everything all right ? mickey , still brandish the rifle , run into he sunlit live room . he look around frantically , he shirt loose . finally , he throw the rifle down between the sofa and the coffee table . the gun go off a second time . mickey , stand nearby , jump , he hand fly to he head . the doorbell ring ; the neighbor begin pound at the door . mickey ( v.o. ) and suddenly , neighbor be , be , pound on the door , and - and I do not know , the whole scene be just pandemonium . and , uh , you know , and I -I - I - I - I run to the door . mickey run offscreen briefly to answer the door . mickey ( v.o. ) i- I - I - I do not know what to say . you know , I be , I be embarrassed and confuse , and my-my - my mind be r-r-race a mile a minute ... he return onscreen , panting ; he look frantically once again around the live room . mickey ( v.o. ) ... and I - I jus know one thing . the film cut to a West side street . it 's a overcast day . mickey , walk slowly along the sidewalk , pass several other pedestrian and numerous storefront , include klein 's pharmacy and a " bar-b - q " take out . occasionally , he be obscure by a tree trunk on the opposite side of the street ; a few taxi go by as he talk over the scene . mickey ( v.o. ) I ... i- I - i- I have to get out of that house . I have to just get out in the fresh air and - and clear my head . and I remember very clearly . I walk the street . I walk and I walk . i- I do not know what be go through my mind . it all seem so violent and un-unreal to I . and I wander ... the movie cut to the exterior of the Metro movie theater , with its smoke glass entrance door and its Art Deco feel . a old publicity photo hang inside . mickey 's reflection be see at the almost - transparent door , as well as the reflection of the street and various car whizzing by . his reflection walk towards the theater entrance ; he continue he story . mickey ( v.o. ) ... for a long time on the Upper West side , you know , a - and it must have be hour ! you know , my , my foot hurt . my head be , be pound , and , and I have to sit down . I go into a movie house . i- I do not know what be play or anything . mickey walk into the movie house . he be see through the glass door , which still reflect the street and traffic outside . he make he way through the lobby into the actual theater . mickey ( v.o. ) I just , I just need a moment to gather my thought and , and be logical , and , and put the world back into rational perspective . the film abruptly cut to the theater 's black - and - white screen , where the marx Brothers , in duck Soup , play the helmet of several soldier stand in a line like a live xylophone . the sound of the " xylophone " be hear as the movie cut to the darken theater , where mickey slowly sit down in a balcony seat . the " xylophone " music stop and change to " hidee-hidee - hidee - hidee - hidee - hidee - ho " as sung by the marx Brothers and ensemble in the movie . the sing continue faintly in the background as mickey continue he tale : mickey ( v.o. ) and I go upstairs to the balcony , and I sit down ( sighing ) and , you know , the movie be a-a - a film that I would see many time in my life since I be a kid , a - and I always u-uh , love it . and , you know , I be , I be watch this people up on the screen , and I start get hook o-on the film , you know ? the film cut back to the black - and - white movie screen as mickey continue to talk . the marx Brothers , as well as the hundred - odd other cast member in duck Soup , be kneel and bow as they sing " hidee-hidee - ho . " they kick they heel up in the air . they sway back and forth , hand clasped , sing " oh-h-h-h-h-h ... " mickey ( v.o. ) ... and I start to feel how can you even think of kill yourself ? I mean , be not it so stupid ? I mean , l-look at all the people up there on the screen . you know , they be real funny , and , and what if the worst be true ? the movie cut back to mickey , sit almost obscure in the dark theater . the oh-h-h-h-h -h 's come from the offscreen movie be hear as he continue to speak . mickey ( v.o. ) what if there 's no God , and you only go around once and that 's it ? well , you know , do not you want to be part of the experience ? you know , what the hell , it - i- it 's not all a drag . and I be think to myself , geez , I should stop ruin my life ... as mickey talk , the film cut back to the antic of the marx Brothers on the black - and - white theater screen . the four brother be now sway and sing and strutting , they voice indistinct over mickey 's narration . mickey ( v.o. ) ... search for answer I be never gonna get , and just enjoy it while it last . and ... you know ... the film be back on mickey 's dark form in the audience . mickey ( v.o. ) ... after , who know ? I mean , you know , maybe there be something . nobody really know . I know , I know " maybe " be a very slim reed to hang you whole life on , but that 's the best we have . and ... then , I start to sit back , and I actually begin to enjoy myself . as mickey continue , the film cut back to duck Soup on the black - and - white screen . the marx Brothers be sit on a judge 's bench , play banjos and sing with the other cast member . they jump down from the bench , still sing . they voice swell . marx brother &amp ; company " oh , freedonia oh , do not you cry for I they will be come around the mountain ... " the marx Brothers kneel , strumm they banjos , and the movie cut back to Central Park . the flashback be over . mickey and Holly continue they stroll as " you make I Love you " begin to play in the background . they pass some people , a cluster of building that look like castle , and the Manhattan skyline as see through the tree , as the camera move back , farther and farther away from they , show a beautiful Central Park , freeze in time . holly ( gesture ) um ...look , there 's something I have , uh , that 's be bother I for a long time , and I just think I would just tell you what it be and just sort of clear the deck here , and ( chuckle ) that 's this . mickey ( mumble ) oh , yeah ? what ? holly ( overlap ) that I have always regret the way I behave that evening we go out , and , uh ... I have , I just think I would tell you that because I really make a fool out of myself . mickey oh , do not be silly ! no ! do not be ridiculous . holly ( overlap ) it 's all right . mickey I be the , I be ... you know , it be my fault . I - - ( inhale ) Holly laugh . mickey so , so you want to go out to dinner again ? I mean , be that , be that ... have , you have any interest in that , or ... holly sure . sure , uh , yes . mickey ( overlap ) do you ? I mean , be you , be you , be you , be you free this evening ? holly yeah . they stroll offscreen . " you make I Love you " grow louder and the film cut to : one year later . CUT to : int . hannah's apartment - thanksgive - night a large , perfectly roast turkey on a serve plate briefly fill the screen as the camera move across the food - laden table in Hannah 's kitchen , past a electric mixer , several bowl , spice , tomato , and parsley , to reveal Evan walk through the doorway . evan ( hold a drink ) I want ice ! who 's get some -- ( point to a ice bucket on the table ) oh , there it be . hannah ( offscreen , overlap ) it 's on the table , dad . the sound of Thanksgiving guest in the other room be dimly hear ; " you make I Love you " continue softly in the background . mavis pass the table , lick some food off she hand . Hannah , in the background , be busy by the stove . evan ( put ice into he glass ) hey , where 's Holly ? she 's late . as mavis leave the kitchen , Lee enter , carry some empty glass . lee ( walk briskly to the sink ) hey , Hannah , do you read that last thing Holly write ? it be great . she 's really develop . hannah ( offscreen , in another area of the kitchen ) I know , she ... she really write good dialogue . lee ( turn to the offscreen Hannah ) yeah . I will get some ice . Lee walk off , drying she wet hand in the air . Hannah , in a silk dress , move onscreen , go to the table and pour herself a glass of wine as Norma enter the kitchen . norma Hannah , can I tell everybody you be go to play desdemona ? Norma walk over to a glass - door cabinet and take out a bottle of gin . hannah ( take a big sip of she wine ) oh , Mom , it 's only television . ( beginning to mash some sweet potato in a bowl on the table ) norma ( gesture with the bottle ) yes , but it 's public television . and to I , Shakespeare do not get any great than othello . you with some big black stud ! I love it ! Norma unscrew the liquor bottle and pour some into she empty glass as Hannah stop she mash , reacting . hannah ( gasp and laugh ) oh , Mom ! evan ( overlap , reacting ) oh , honey ! the movie leave the kitchen and cut to the doorway between the dining room and the live room . upbeat jazz play over the low din of the party . two woman stand by the partially set dining room table , chat and arrange some plate , as elliot stroll into view , sip a drink . he pass the woman and walk through the doorway into the live room , nodd hello to a guest who be walk the other way . he enter the live room , smile . it be crowded with guest ; Hannah 's child play in they midst . one of Hannah 's boy grab elliot 's arm . they playfully " spar " for a moment before elliot laughingly shake he off , continue on he way into a connect room . he stop at the doorway , look at the crowd . the camera show he point of view : guest stand in cluster , enjoy themselves ; one woman chat with a little boy ; another woman , carry a drink , walk over to a group of other guest . the film then cut back briefly to elliot , hold he drink and look straight ahead , as it show he point of view once more . this time he see a smile Lee and Doug , talk animatedly ; a few guest be see in the background . elliot 's voice be hear over a close - up of the couple . elliot ( v.o. ) oh , Lee , you be something . Lee and Doug kiss each other . they continue talk . elliot ( v.o. ) you look very beautiful . Marriage agree with you . everything that happen between we ( pause ) seem more and more hazy . as Lee take a sip of she drink , the movie cut back to elliot , stand in the doorway and still stare straight ahead . the camera move in closer to he face as he talk over the scene . elliot ( v.o. ) I act like such a fool . I do not know what come over I . that complete conviction that I could not live without you . the film quickly cut to a brief look at Lee and Doug , still talk animatedly and smile . Lee gently push back Doug 's hair . elliot ( v.o. ) what do I put we both through ? and Hannah ... the camera move back to elliot . elliot ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... who as you once say , I love much more than I realize . after pause for a moment on elliot 's face , the film cut to the foyer , where two boy and a girl gather by the door . one boy open it , revealing Holly . she joyfully enter the apartment , greeting each child with a enthusiastic kiss . holly ( kissing the child ) hi ! how be you ! ( kissing ) happy Thanksgiving ! ( kissing ) boy # 1 hi! holly I do not miss dinner , do I ? child ( overlap , talk at once ) no ! the jazz end as the record scratch and stop . Evan 's rendition of " be not it romantic " be hear on the piano as Holly , shrugging the strap of she pocketbook off she shoulder , walk towards the live room . she be stop by three guest -- two woman , one of they wear glass , and a man - - who be come out of the room . holly ( smile ) huh ? hi , marge . female guest # 1 ( overlap ) you look lovely . they kiss . female guest # 2 ( overlap , hugging Holly ) hello , darling . holly happy Thanksgiving . female guest # 2 ( overlap ) good to see you . same to you . holly ( hugging the man ) hello . the movie cut to Hannah , lean contentedly against a doorway into the live room and listen to the offscreen Evan play the piano . elliot , hold he drink , walk over to she . they look at each other for a beat ; elliot then hug Hannah , pull she towards he . she lean she head on he shoulder , finger he jacket lapel . they look offscreen together , happily , intimately , at the offscreen guest , as the camera move across the room , past a few guest , to reveal Evan sit at the piano . Norma sit at he side , one arm rest on the piano . she hold a drink and look off in the distance , mouth the word to " be not it romantic . " the camera then move to the doorway in the live room , where a man , hold a drink , enter and join the happy crowd . Evan can be see in the background , play he song . a child play near the coffee table . the camera continue to move past the doorway , past a huge grandfather clock , to a second doorway lead to the de . here , more guest be gather ; a child sit in a small chair by the sofa . he sip a soda as female guest # 2 enter the room and crouch down next to he , smile . she wave to he . he wave back as the camera continue to move past the doorway to reveal Holly , stand in front of a hallway mirror , fix she earring . mavis can be see in the background , through the doorway into the dining room , lighting the candle on the table . she dim the light , darken the room and the hallway where Holly stand in a warm candlelit glow . mavis leave the dining room and pass Holly . holly ( still fix she earring , to mavis ) it 's beautiful . mavis walk off . Holly , reflect in the mirror , begin fluffing she hair as mickey enter and wrap he arm around she from behind . the camera stay focus on the mirror ; both Holly and mickey be now see in its reflection . mickey ( smack he lip ) now do not get nervous . it 's just you husband . holly ( grin ) hi. mickey hi. ( kissing Holly ) how you doin ' ? holly ( nestle against mickey ) okay . mickey when would you get here ? holly just a few minute ago . mickey oh. ( kissing she again ) you look so beautiful . mickey continue to kiss Holly . she respond , sighing and close she eye . holly thanks . mickey ( kissing Holly 's neck ) you know , I be talk with you father before ... and I be tell he that ( kissing ) it 's ironic . i- I use to always have Thanksgiving with Hannah ... and I never think ( kissing ) that I could love anybody else . ( kissing ) and here it be , year later and I be marry to you ( kissing ) and completely in love with you . ( kissing ) the heart be a very , very resilient little muscle . ( kissing ) it really be . I ... ( kissing ) it would make a great story , I think . a guy marries one sister ... ( kissing ) do not work out ... ( kissing ) many year later ... ( kissing ) he wind up ( inhale ) marry to the other sister . it 's , you know , it 's a ... holly ( fondle mickey 's arm , smile ) tch . mickey ( overlap ) I do not know how you be gonna top that . mickey continue to kiss Holly 's neck ; he chuckle . holly ( kissing mickey 's cheek ) mickey ? mickey ( kissing Holly 's neck ) mmm , what ? holly I be pregnant . the mirror show mickey pull away slightly , reacting . they look at each other at arm 's length , Holly grin . mickey in shock , then embrace and kiss passionately , tighter and tighter , as the music swell ... and the credit appear , white on a black screen .