happy feet written by George Miller screenplay by John collee ( early draft ) space distant star , with vast tract of darkness stretch between they . move in on our SUN , dwarf in the immense cosmic ocean . mumble ( vo ) you ever feel small ? move in on .... planet earth the spin blue marble . fade in : a strange cacophony of music , grow louder as the familiar continent revolve below we and we spiral down onto antarctica the ice shelf vast , pristine , stupendous . washed with dawn light . a few small black -suited figure be move towards we . mumble ( vo ) like you be no -one , cos the world be full of we , and everyone 's the same wait a minute . this be not human ... they be penguin ! mumble ( cont 'd ) how do you stand out from the crowd ? how do you find someone special ? a great community emperor penguin all over the place , its chaos - Grand central station - with everyone singing to each other . mumble ( vo ) I know . I know . " you sing you heart out . " that 's how mum find dad in the first place follow a female penguin as she waddle through the massive crowd past a assortment of croon male ( continued ) 2 . continued : keen male ( try to connect ) " Babe ... I get you Babe ... " she ignore he next male ( give it he all ) " when a man love a woman ... " she keep move , until she see the male of she dream : wishful " Love I tender love I true , all my dream fulfil . he stand a bit apart from the rest . and what a voice . what a hip movement . she sing along . norma J. and wishful ... for my darling I love you and I always will . mumble ( vo ) with they it be love at first song . Close up on the two penguin as they neck intertwine . mumble ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) but with I everything be a different , right from the moment I be bear the ice shelf with infinite care , the egg be pass from Norma J 's foot onto wishful 's . mumble first rule of survival : get yourself laid before winter . wishful cover the egg , glance up at the darken sky mumble ( cont 'd ) apparently I only just make it . woman be leave and head off over the ice . the community resound with sad song of parting . ( continued ) 3. continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) afterwards mum go off to the sea to keep warm . dad stay home like dad 's do , incubate . Norma J be have difficulty tear herself away . finally she pad off after the other . wishful safe home baby .... as he watch she dwindle into the distance , where huge STORM cloud be building . wishful ( cont 'd ) I will miss you . the darkness wind come shreik across the ice shelf to where thousand of male be huddle , ice crusting on they feather . mumble ( vo ) tell I what it be about the cold and the dark . soon as the sun go away , everyone get religious the huddle penguin be engage in ritual chant lead voice when all other leave ... chorus we remain . lead voice when the Sun vanish ... chorus we remain . inside the huddle the adult male be pack shoulder to shoulder , look downward at the egg balanced on they foot . cu on the lead male , a caruso ( continued ) 4. continued : caruso deny the pang of hunger . seal the gap . share the warmth .... mumble ( vo ) caruso 's the leader because he 's so incredibly old . some say more than 40 , but you know how penguin exaggerate . outside windward penguin peel off and walk around to the leeward side . wishful be among they caruso .... each one take he turn to defy the wind . wide shot the massed voice rise above the gale , the frosty plume of they breath form a share ithought bubble '... a benevolent überpenguin . caruso . ... as we invoke the great one , penguin of penguin wishful ( push back inside ) ok . invoke . but keep move mumble ( vo ) my dad be never that devout . often he mind be on other stuff . as the chant build , a little think - bubble appear next to the communal imagination : a image of Norma J norma J. ( sing ) " I wanna be love by you , alone and nobody else by you boo boo pee doo " wishful raise he head , break the seal . a little puff of steam escape wishful amen to that honey ( continued ) 5 . continued : various penguin whoa -whoa-whoa-whoa , pal ! ya lettin ' out the heat ! penguin around he start jostling to close the gap penguin ... quit shovin ' ! ... hey watch where you be put you foot caruso Brothers , brother ! the devotion ! a egg roll out of the huddle and onto the ice . wishful oh no ! I drop it ! where 's my egg ! wishful barge out of the huddle , retrieve the egg and waddle back into the warmth again . wishful ( cont 'd ) s'okay . s'okay . no harm do . mumble ( vo ) I guess he be wrong about a lot of thing . pull back , till the powerful rhythmic chant be drown out by the howling gale . wishful but I do learn this from he : the power of positive think we be move in again , towards the huddle , the voice of the great male gather begin to cut through the wind blast . louder and louder , until ... elder by the power of we devotion ... all penguin we turn the world once more . elder by we devotion to the wisdom ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) all penguin we bring back the sun . the chanting crescendos , awe -inspire , as it rise above the sound of the gale , and , as if in response the earth turn ! the curtain of darkness which overshadow Antarctica begin to lift from the curvature of the southern hemisphere . the vast ice-continent be brilliantly illuminated once more . on the ice shelf the ice itself be moan and groan , like a live thing . a single crack appear and widen , then fork and fork again . the whole expanse of fast -ice be disintegrating , start at the sea-ice and progress towards the ice-cliff . somewhere a iceberg break free from the face of a glacier and smashes down into the freeze sea below . at the same time ... the emperor community a egg crack open , then another , then all in a rush , like popcorn . father be call out to each other as they fluffy chick emerge to greet the daylight . excite father ... it 's a boy ! ... it 's a girl ! ... what a peach ! ... what a bruiser ! amongst the excited crowd of male and hatchling we find wishful stare down at he egg still balanced on he foot . friendly penguin late opener , huh ? you think its alive ? wishful I will say . listen ... ( continued ) 7. continued : he tap the egg with he beak . bend close they hear a tapping SOUND in reply . friendly penguin well , how about that ? wishful tap again . the tapping come back louder . a tiny foot pop out of the egg . then another . the Egg flip and lurch off in a giddy dance . wishful whoa li'l buddy , slow down ! the friendly penguin be chick giggle at the dancing egg , which finally trip and crack , deposit baby mumble . mumble ( hopping from one foot to the other ) ow ! freezy , fuh - fuh - freeezy ! all freezy ! other penguin ... jee ! ... you ever see a chick move like that before ? ... be he damage ? ... be he derange ? they gather round stare down at this strange little jigging ball of fluff wishful what ? come on . he will grow out of it . shovel mumble off the ice and into he brood pouch . wishful ( cont 'd ) come here , li'l mumble . let 's get you warm and toasty . mumble snuggle contentedly between he father 's leg , surveying he new world . the friend 's chick , ella be stare at he fascinate ella get he to do it again daddy friendly penguin shh. quiet ( continued ) 8. continued : ( 2 ) she disappear under he brood pouch mumble ( look up ) so what happen now , dad ? wishful we wait the ice a long line of male penguin , thousand of they , all with they chick , stand stare expectantly across the ice shelf . at the front , we find wishful and mumble , who be jiggling with anticipation , hopping from one foot to the other . mumble be she come soon ? wishful any day now . mumble tell I again what she 's like wishful ( sing ) a wiggle when she walk , a giggle when she talk , make my world go round .... mumble do a little soft shoe shuffle . wishful ( cont 'd ) ( sharply ) hey . think I tell you not to do that mumble sorry . when I get happy my foot get happy too . wishful well tell they do not . mumble but why dad ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : caruso waddle past : a stern glance down at little mumble as he carry on along the line wishful ` cos it be not penguin . later mist rise off the ice shelf . the male be still wait with they chick . over this : the sound of chick cry . mumble between he father 's foot , follow he father 's concentrate gaze . mumble gee I be hungry wishful everyone 's hungry son . the mommas be bring fish soon . Long pause mumble what 's fish look like . wishful you will see it when she bring one still later the baby penguin be howling now . anxious father lean forward , peer into the distance . out of the thicken mist , a cluster of little black dot materialise . penguin lookout ... wive - ho ! wive -ho ! ... hubba-hubba ! wives-ho ! ... better late than never . the distant female look exhaust as they totter unsteadily across the ice towards they partner . the male break rank and rush towards the distress female . male penguin ... barbra - Ann ! ... Peggy Sue ! ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : male penguin ( cont 'd ) ... hey Paula ! ... roxanne !! a tumult of re-union as partner find each other . but no luck for wishful . wishful norma J .?! weaving anxiously through the throng , overhear : male # 1 you be not as fat as I think you would be . female # 1 it be pretty slim picking . something 's happen I tell you female #2 even the squid be hard to get we have to swim forever female#3 everyone split up . a lot of the gal never make it back . male # 2 ... delilah ? male # 3 ... gloria ?! gloria ??! wishful , be run frantically through the crowd , sing all the time in the hope of be recogniose wishful since my baby leave I . I find a new place to dwell . down the bottom of lonely street at heartbreak hotel mumble hippity - hop after he father , try to keep up ... wishful ( cont 'd ) woah I be so lonely baby . I be so lonely baby . I be so lonely I could ... move beyond the crowd , wishful see a last few straggler . amongst they ... ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) norma J. wishful ? wishful ( overcome ) o honey . o baby . you make it ! she stagger into he wait flipper . wishful ( cont 'd ) you hurt ? norma J. ( breathless ) just tired and hungry be all . it be dreadful out there .... over wishful ' shoulder , she see the infant mumble hippity - hopping towards they . norma J but who 's this . wishful I call he mumble . mumble foot start to tap involuntarily , then he catch he dad 's warning look . mumble do she get one . do she bring one back . norma J just a little krill that 's all mumble can I see it ? wishful later , bud . give you mar time to regurgitate norma J aw . but be not he just a darling ? mumble ( yell ecstatically ) I get one ! I get a mum everyone . I get a mum !! 12 . the great commute the ice - shelf be as busy as a freeway at peak hour with male and female be hurry back and forth from the sea . mumble ( vo ) after that , with food be so scarce everyone be busy busy busy . Mom and dad be work so hard I do not see much of they . besides I have school to go to . the creche a efficient , caring teacher be give a lesson to a class of about thirty young chick group in front of she . teacher settle class . settle . we will begin with the most important lesson you will ever learn . now do anyone know what that be ? many flipper go up . teacher ( cont 'd ) Michael ? mick do not eat yellow snow ? teacher true but , that 's not it . mumble ? mumble swim ? catch food ? teacher anyone else ? mumble look astonished . what 's more important than that ella it 's we heartsong , miss . teacher you heartsong . yes . the melody you hear inside , the thing that make you different from every other penguin . so. let 's all be very still now and listen . and when you hear you song , let it come out . who 's first . ( continued ) 13 . continued : a few flipper go up mick me! I ! I have get one ! ( sing ) " I can not get no ... satisfaction .... I can not get no ... girly action ... " teacher well Michael , if you think that 's really you . what have you get for we , ella ? ella ( sing ) voulez-vous coucher avec moi ... ce soir ? mumble ( laugh ) that do not make any sense . teacher well mumble ... perhaps you can do better mumble mine be more sort of a ... he hesitates , as if listen to something in he head . then , he sing utterly tuneless , like a drum solo . mumble ( cont 'd ) bim bam - a-loolah a bim bam bom teacher you hear that in there ? mumble be still go . titter and snigger from the class . mumble you like it ? teacher dear , that 's not even a tune . mumble it 's not ? teacher no , a tune be like ... ( she sing a scale ) La la la la la la la la . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) mumble oh , La la la la la a croaky monotone . the class laugh openly . teacher ( get worried ) listen carefully , mumble . La la la la la la la la !! mumble La la la la la la la la !! teacher ( emphatically ) La La La La La La La la! mumble but that 's what I be do , the class fall about in hysterics . mumble ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) what funny ? ( genuinely perplex ) what 's funny ? later mumble 's parent be talk to the teacher . teacher ( sotto ) it 's bizarre . I do not understand it . do anything happen - you know ...- during early development ? norma J. no . all fine . normal incubation , be not it honey ? wishful shuffles guiltily . wishful well yeah , it be a kinda ... a tough winter I guess , and he do hatch a little late , but ... ( at a loss . ) be there really nothing we can do ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : teacher of course there be . thats why we have Mrs astrakhan . mrs astrakhan be some distance from the creche , mumble stand with mrs astrakhan , a Russian - accented remedial teacher . mrs astrkhan can't sink ? rubbeesh . every little pengvin have a sonk . vhen I have feenish , you singink vill be givink everyone the goosepeempel . cu on mumble look up . mrs astrakhan so. closink the eye . liftink chin . deep breathe here in the downbelow . now ... most important part , find a feelink . happy feelink , sad feelink , maybe lonely feelink . mumble close he eye . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) so ?... so ?... mumble I be think . mrs astrakhan do not think eet !! feel eet ! through the whole body , from the beak right down to tippy - toe . her voice be seductive , hypnotic . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) and then slowly , very slowly ... she hear a strange tapping sound and look down . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) vhat ? vhat be this ? mumble what ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : mrs astrakhan the foot . the jiggy - jog . do not do eet . do not move muscle . rigid like plank , like board . no movink !!! now ...calm . remember the feelink . mumble feelink ...ok. mrs astrakhan and be spontanuous . once again he foot start twitching uncontrollably . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) no ! stop ! no jiggy - jog ! mumble I be be spontanuous . mrs astrakhan not with the foot , with the sonk ! you vant to meet beautiful girl ? you vant to make the Egg ? mumble oh yes . mrs astrakhan well singk ! " ba ba bleckship , tvinklestar ... La la la la la la , la " . mumble ( totally unmusical ) " twinkle , twinkle , little star . how I ... " mrs astrakhan hokay . enough . stop. hokay ! ve go back to the top . forget the body , look inside the soul . no note , no sonk , only feelink . happy feelink . sad feelink . enormous feelink , so enormous it fill the whole body . it must escape or you explode ! now , open you leetle beak ... mumble open he beak , inspire . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) yes , yes , lift up the head ! that 's it ! ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) mumble inhale , he eye be shine , he body be shaking . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) you take a big breath , good and ... now ! now ! he 's off again , dancing like a fool ... wild , exuberant , totally uninhibit and unselfconscious . after some time , he remember himself , stop and turn to the Mrs astrakhan who be banging her head against a lump of ice . mrs astrakhan ( cont 'd ) disaster ! catastroff ! I never fail ! never ! the ice shelf follow mumble as he wander alone , back towards he class . he stop some distance away , listen to the other kid who be now perform with increase virtuosity . ella be among they , she clear high voice borne to he on the wind . mumble sigh and he little shoulder sink , no way he will ever be able to sing like that . mumble its tough when you realise you will never fit in . plus I be beginning to moult a piece of downy fluff be peel off one wing mumble ( cont 'd ) I could not face the class in this mood so I just keep go . Music over : walk on by as he wander through the vast colony head down against the wind , little foot pad over the ice , gradually the colony begin to thin . mumble ( cont 'd ) look for what ? I do not know ? a different type of penguin ? the noise of the colony have fade behind he . he stop and look up . ( continued ) 18 . continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) and that 's exactly what I find . the edge before he , a wasteland of discoloure ice cover with break egg and bit of feather . there be very few penguin here and the one he can see be all , frankly , weird . a penguin walk in a endless figure of eight mutter to himself . another have he flipper wrap tightly around himself like a straightjacket . a troubled penguin sing angrily ... " there 's no business like show business . cu on mumble . as he look back to the sanctuary of the colony and then back out over the wasteland mumble not the nicest place in the world but at least you could do what you like here . fade in Music : ( I be free by the who ) and mumble be off , skitter over the rubbish strewn ice , little foot dance to he heart content until .... a shadow pass over he and whump ! a huge skua bird , twice mumble size , with a cruel flesh -eate beak , land on the ice right on front of he . skua hey , whacha doin ' dere flipperbird ? mumble I ? oh , nothing . what be you do ? three more skuas descend . mumble be surround . skua # 1 oh we just drop in for a spota lunch . hey hey hey ... mumble ( hopefully ) lunch ?... there 's food ? here ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : skua # 1 ( to other ) leg or wing ? they dark eye fix on mumble . he be start to feel uneasy and back away . mumble but ...but . I be a penguin . skua # 1 exackly ! De flipperbird - that 's you - eat de fish . De flyinbird - that 's I - eat de flipperbird a ' de fish . right now d'ai not no fish -- so ... you do the math . the first skua move in on mumble . first skua and dis time I be get the juicy bit . mumble I do not have juicy bit ! look ... all bone and feather ! feel for yourself . they fall over each other , fight to take up mumble 's invitation . skuas ... hey , break I off a piec 'a that ! ...' smyturn to pullimapart ya skanky shit - squirter . ... you ! lastime ya pullimapart ya take all the choice stuff ! mumble wait ! wait ! the skuas stop momentarily . mumble ( cont 'd ) every see anything like this ? he do a wild little tapdance hope to distract they . first skua ( unimpress ) nope . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) he knock mumble down and place he huge claw on he chest . first skua ( cont 'd ) ok boy , for once we gonna do dis civilise . now ... the first skua open he beak to strike . mumble have notice a yellow plastic band around the skua 's leg . mumble hey ! what 's that on you leg ? the first skua halt he attack . first skua interesting you should ask ? other skuas no ! no ! do not startim on that ! he turn and whacks the other skuas over the head with he wing . first skua shaddap ! the flipperbird akse I a question . ( fix mumble with a crazy bloodshot eye . ) I get two word for ya : " alien abduction " . other skuas ( groan ) ... now of all time ... always before we eat first skua quiet ya ignorant moron ! ( to mumble ) ...a lotta folk do not believe this but ... dere 's somet ' in out dere . creature . not like we . bigger ... fiercer ... smarter , too . mumble take a few step back , look for a escape . the first skua tower over he ... first skua ( cont 'd ) aks I how I know . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) mumble how ...? first skua ` cos I bin capturebyem that 's how ! I see `em ! mumble keep back off , feign interest ... mumble unbelievable . first skua whaddayamean unbelievable ?! it 's true ! I be sittin ' on a rock , mindin ' my own business when suddenly ... dere onta I . dese bein 's ... like big ugly penguin , fat flabby face with frontway eye , no feather , no beak ... an' dese , dese appendage ! dey probe I , dey tiemeup and strapmedown ... dey take dis pointy t'ing and stick it inta I ! de ...blackout ! mumble you do not say first skua get worse ! I wake up and there 's dis thing on I ! ( the leg band ) go home and every flyinbird start dissin ' I : ` hey yellaleg '` what 's happenin ' what that on you leg , yellaleg ? ' it be humiliatin ' !! mumble at least that alien do not eat you . first skua true . I guess my cry for mercy appeal to they better nature . mumble so - you think I could appeal to you better nature ? first skua Nice try kid . but no ... ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 4 ) he open he beak wide as mumble stumble backwards and fall into a narrow crevice in the ice . first skua ( cont 'd ) hey ! whatcha think ya doin ' down dere flipperbird ? get back up here dis minute ! the other skuas move in to help . mumble cower in the crack as they spear at he with they beak . skuas ... come on , out witcha ! ... ya sneaky - ass flipperbird ! they can not get hold of he . frustrate , they turn on the first skua , squabbling and whack each other with they wing . skuas ( cont 'd ) ... great , yellaleg . ... what do we tell ya ... ya leddim geddaway , dincha with ya screwy alientalk . first skua hey , do not peck I or I will peck you and when I peck you know you have be peck ... ( fade ) mumble watch from the safety of the crack as they fight and argue viciously among themselves mumble ( vo ) compare with that , school almost seem like fun the creche mumble stand some distance back from where the other young penguin be take school lesson . mumble ( v.o. ) most day I hide at the back , dream about the world beyond mumble look up at a cloud that resolve itself into the unmistakable shape of a fish . as he watch , the cloud morph into something that resemble a whale . then morph again into... a seal . then into the shape of a upright creature with bulg eye and tentacled hand . ( continued ) 23 . continued : mumble time pass . we all grow up time lapse as the class transform into moult adolescent mumble ( v.o. ) but right up to graduation I never do find my heartsong later . the graduation ceremony dozen of mature adolescent ... they coat almost fully moult to reveal the sleek , shiny black and white feather underneath . they stand in a group talk excitedly until the lead penguin , caruso , walk up and everyone fall silent caruso graduate , today you leave the safety of we community for the first time , forsake the trust solid ice for the terrible magic of the deep . mumble ( vo ) caruso . he could not help himself . caruso . thing be not as they be . for five year now we have know nothing but famine . but you be we hope . upon you survival depend the very future of the entire penguin Nation . dive deep , swim far . May the great penguinus go with you . and remember ... with solemn gravity , caruso throw he flipper into the air and shout . caruso excelsi-yah ! yah yah yah ! massed graduate excelsi-yah ! yah yah yah ! 24 . away from the creche follow mumble as he return to he parent . in he adult plumage he 's distinguishable by a small birthmark , like a bowtie on he chest and a small tuft of down on he head which have not yet moult off . Music over : school out by Alice Cooper mumble dad , ma , can I go with the other norma J. put a protective flipper around she son . norma - J I do not know wishful . I still do not think he 's ready . mumble dad ? I will learn to sing later . I will find my voice out there . in the deep . truly . glancing round he see the class move off en masse across the ice ... head for the sea . mumble ( cont 'd ) dad. pul-eeeze . wishful lean forward , pull off mumble tuft with he beak . mumble ( cont 'd ) yeooow !! wistful on you go then , buddy mumble thanks pop. see ya ma. he race off , Norma J call after he : norma J ( call after ) remember ` Stranger danger ' ! never talk to a seal ! mumble turn to wave , fall over , get up and race on after the other with he strange hippity - hop little gait . ( continued ) 25 . continued : watch from a distance , Norma J wipe away tear norma J ( cont 'd ) oh my . stupid . I be sorry ... wishful pat she comfortingly norma J. ( quietly to wishful ) ... you think we will ever see he again wishful ( shrug ) its out of we flipper the highway to the sea a high shot reveal the mile of freeze ice that the graduate have to cover to get to the sea . some be shuffle along on they foot ; other be toboggane . a long way behind they we see the lone figure of mumble racing to catch up . at the edge of the ice the juvenile penguin stand in a bunch , peer down look for somewhere to dive in . graduate penguin ... what do you think , here ? ... be you kid ? ... how about over here then ? they shuffle off in a group to a nearby spot . graduate ... that last place look better . other .. I agree . .. much better . they all shuffle back to the previous spot and stand there , freeze by indecision graduate ... then again .... ( continued ) 26 . continued : suddenly the little dark figure of mumble barrel through the pack , yell mumble outta my way flipperbird ! come through !! for a long moment he 's airborne . then ...he hit the water with a strangle squawk !... and disappear . graduate ... what be that ? ella mumble ? they tentatively crane over the edge . no sign of he . they peer into the water . graduate ... lunatic ! ... where do he go ? ... see any blood ? then ...mumble shoot out of the water like a missile ... mumble whatcha wait for ? it 's fantast ... ( splosh ) ... as he fall back under water again . ella go mumble ! without hesitation ella follow he . the other follow ella . a few at first , then all of they en masse leap yell and holler . surface / underwater the penguin flounder around , flap , laugh , and choke mumble I have a instinct I would be good at this . actually we all be . we be the best . 27 . underwater transform into creature of grace and exuberance , they swoop and dive trail plume of bubbles . over this : the music of the beach boy . beach boy " suntan body and the wave of sunshine . that California girl and the beautiful coastline . in the warm up weather , let 's get together and do it again ... " two penguin shoot up through hole in the ice ... the surface skid out of control , they collide , end up in a breathless heap on top of each other . ella mumble ? mumble ella ? they scramble to they foot ... but the ice be slippery . they clutch together , slip and slide . ella woah ! mumble I have get you ! no I do not . lean against each other , they manage to stand up , close now , eye meeting . mumble ( cont 'd ) yes I do . a brief moment then . male penguin hi ella . ( continued ) 28 . continued : mumble ( v.o. ) the only bad thing about be with ella . it be always so darn crowded . as other pop up all around male penguin ... ella ! ... where da get to ? ... there you be ! laugh , she dive into the water . the young male follow she . mumble hippity - hop to the edge and tumble in after she . underwater a half dozen of they gambol together , they bubble trail intertwine ... beach boy " in the warm up weather , let 's get together and do it again . " then everyone freeze as a few silvery fish swim past . mumble ... fish !! they all zero in . collision , barging , a bit like water polo when the ball be first throw in . in a instant ... all the fish be take . on the surface mumble surface with a fish in he beak mumble ( muffle ) ella ? you get one ? ella not this time . mumble ( muffle ) here , have it . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ella thank you mumble , but it 's yours . mumble ( muffle ) I want you to have it . male penguin why do not I have it suddenly , a skua bird swoops down and grab it . ella hey ! that 's a felony ! mumble , let go ! mumble hang on . neither he not the skua will let go . the skua soar higher , take mumble with he . ella ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) mumble ! mumble be carry ... higher and higher . the skua try hard to shake he off , but finally give up . skua ( derisive ) so fly flipperbird . fly . he let go the fish and mumble plummet downward , landing splat ! on a ice floe . on the ice . mumble lie still ella and the other gather around . mumble still have the fish firmly in he beak . penguin ... be he breathe ? ...he 's certainly not eat lean forward to take the fish penguin ... maybe I should just ... mumble regains consciousness ( continued ) 30 . continued : mumble hey . the fish be for ella ( to ella ) take it . really . its for you ella lean forward , take the fish , and daintily gulp it down . ella thank you . mumble ( spend ) you be welcome . on a iceberg . night the entire sky be ablaze with the shimmer light of the aurora australis . the penguin stand below , look up in wonder . they sing : ella and the other " gotta keep that lovin ' good vibration a happenin ' with she , " ahhhhhhhhhhhhh ... " the harmonies be exquisite until ... mumble ( very loud and tuneless ) " ... good , good , good ... good vibration ... " the sing stop . male penguin ... mumble , ... knock it off . the sing resume . ella and the choir " gotta keep that lovin ' good vibration a happenin ' with she . " another crescendo ... ella and the choir ( cont 'd ) " ahhh ... " it 's too much for mumble . ( continued ) 31 . continued : mumble " ... aaahhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhh ... " this stop the whole thing dead . ella pad over to he . ella ( gently ) mumble , the thing be ... mumble I know . I know ella .... it 's better if you just listen . she return to the choir . the sing resume ... a perfect harmonic mumble can not help himself . he begin to tap dance . ella and the other mumble !!! mumble ( retreate ) ok ! I will quit . ok ! a ice-floe we find mumble on he own small ice- floe separate from the other on they iceberg . as they sing drift across to he , mumble do a exquisite little soft -shoe shuffle . time lapse as night slowly pale to a misty dawn and mumble lonely floe drift off , turn slowly in the current Music over : " the track of my tear " morning he be wake by a nudge at he little raft of ice . mumble ( sleepily ) woah . whose there . another nudge . ( continued ) 32 . continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) ok . I be awake now . you get I he look around - a unfamiliar landscape of ice - then over the side , see nothing but slowly spread ripple . a more violent nudge from behind almost make he lose he balance . a dark shape pass swiftly through the water . mumble ( cont 'd ) saw you . Richard ? Eddie ? ella .... the dark shape shoot out of the water . its gaping jaw miss mumble by a inch . mumble ( cont 'd ) ...... aaarghH ! as he recoil , slip and tumble into the water . underwater / surface choke , thrashing and gulp air , mumble scramble to get back onto the ice . mumble everybody out !! leopard seal !! ( glub ) the murderous creature come at he , jaw open , bare row of sharp teeth and mumble swim for he life . the leopard seal be relentless , barging through smaller floe , power around larger one . mumble just can't shake he off . desperate , he shoot up into the air , landing on a thin pancake of ice that cannot support he weight . mumble ( cont 'd ) heeeelp !! mumble scramble to gain purchase but fall back into the water . now he be ... under the ice shelf ... catch between the solid ice above he and the bottomless black water below . ( continued ) 33. continued : mumble power ahead , the ice above grow thicker , the angle ceiling force he down , deeper into the blackness . the leopard seal open its mouth . its gaping jaw be about to engulf mumble when ... a little speck of light appear in the ceiling of ice . mumble make a speedy sharp turn , climb steeply . he be in a funnel of ice ... get narrower and narrower as it rise to the surface . the leopard seal be close fast . mumble shoot through the hole in the ice and into the air ... the ice -shelf a small group of adelie penguin recoil as mumble explode out of the hole , closely follow by the leopard seal . wham ! thump ! they belly - flop on the ice . the adely ( wince ) ... ouch ! ... that 's gotta hurt ! ... who order seal ? mumble be quickly on he foot and out of the leopard seal 's reach . the adely taunt the bulky creature like matador the adely ( cont 'd ) ... over here ... no over here . too slow ! ... have to lose some weight pesado the frustrated leopard seal snap and snarl impotently . mumble yeah go chase someone you own size , ya big ....... blubberhead . taunting it with a cheeky little tap dance . the adely love it . a adelie hey , amigo . do that again ! mumble do what ? ( defensive ) I do not do anything . ( continued ) 34 . continued : a adelie that thing with the foot . ( to the other ) '' hola muchachos ! ( to mumble ) show they ! mumble well ... I just kind of go ... like this ... and then this ... bolder now , he do a few neat step . the adely ...¡ oye ! ritmo cubana ! ...¡ riba riba ! shake that hip ! ... yo penguino , bust a move ! they copy he , improvise little riff on he dance step . the leopard seal inch up behind they . the adely ( cont 'd ) ... then mebbe something like ... ... no. I get it . watch I ! a adelie add a acrobatic variation of he own . the leopard seal be almost upon they . mumble or how about ... mumble add a neatly execute slide just as the leopard seal strike . mumble avoid the lunge and the creature 's face come down hard on the ice the adely ( to the wind seal ) ... eat my ice , lardface . ... kiss my freeze toosh , rubber butt they fall about laugh . the leopard seal return to the water . leopard seal I know where you live . the adely ... yeah , it 's call the land , tubby . ... flop back anytime ! ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) laugh hysterically at they own joke they strut off . mumble watch they go . adely ... hey , be not you come , tallboy ? ... or you get something better to do ? mumble look out at the endless sea of float ice- pancake , all the way to the horizon . nothing ... he shrug and hurry off after he new friend . further on a strange cacophony building as the four adelie amigos and mumble crest the rise , to see ... adelie land a vast , boisterous adelie penguin community . thousands of they , stretch as far as the eye can see . its very Rio , very samba , world away from the sedate Emperor colony . mumble wow , there be so many of you ! the adely ... hey , this be nothin' . ... use to be twice as many of we . ... yeah , back when you could still catch a fish . mumble the shortage have affect you too ?! a adelie ... who you call shortish ? ... all I know be a lot of we be not comin ' back . .... and some folk so hungry they eat rock sure enough a adelie walk by , a pebble in he beak . the adely ( laugh ) ... eat rock !!? ... that be major funny . ( continued ) 36 . continued : mumble why funny ? that 's terrible adely ... just kid the rock be for nest - building ... that 's how its work here . the one with the most rock get the chica . .. chica boom chica boom chica boom boom boom ! mumble so why be not you guy collect they the adely .. cos we get personality !. ... without we the chica get no boom boom . ... without we the fiesta will be a siesta .. ... watch and learn tallboy . one of the adely call to a pair of young female he see walk by . the adely ( cont 'd ) ... hola conchita ! the adely pose , ruffling up there crest into various style : the mohawk , the flat -top ... the adely ( cont 'd ) ... see something you like ? ... try to top each other , they add hippity - hop they have just learn from mumble . the female be intrigue . a female hey . cool . where would you learn that ? the adely ... the big guy . ... he from out of town . ... he with we . female do it again . the adely ... sorry show 's over . ( to mumble as they walk off ) ... treat they mean and keep they keen ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) the adely ( cont 'd ) ...hold back `til the season , when they begging for it . a female ( call after they ) yeah guy , in you dream the adely ... you see . some penguin get it , some do not and the amigo , ( in unison ) we got it ! they punch and bump each other playfully . mumble .... you think I could get some of it ? a adelie hombre , you get so much already , you dangerous . he touch mumble and recoil as if burnt adelie yow ! mumble you really think so ? the adely ... you get the biggest personality of any of we . ... except for I , maybe . ... put that ego away , Ramon , you gonna hurt someone . the conga line Music over : carlos santana 's " oyé como va " . mumble ( v.o. ) so for a while I forget about find a song altogether . the adely and mumble form a conga , weaving in and out of the nest builder , aim a kick here and there at they industrious brethren 38 . underwater mumble ... we be a team the adely swoop and dive , corral a few SMALL fish into a crevice . the fish , darting to and for be suddenly confront by mumble 's OPEN beak . on the ice again mumble share out the catch a iceberg mumble ... there be so much to do , so much to see mumble and the adele come shoot down a long curving slippery dip the adely ...¡ arriba ! .. addidas amigo ! as they shoot off the slippery - dip and into the sea mumble whacks he head on the edge of the ice underwater the adely shoot back up to the surface . mumble sink , slightly daze , watch the kalaeidescope patter of the surface recede . Music over : " Ground Control to major Tom " on the surface adely ... where 's the tall - boy ... I think he be with you . they jump back in to look for he 39 . underwater mumble keep sink , down down down into a great cathedral - like space , light by eerie shard of underwater light . mumble .... stuff down there beyond my wildest imagine . imbedd in the base of the glacier , the rusting remain of , a old yellow excavator project out of the glacier . it hang there , inscrutable , like a great yellow totem . mumble , dwarf by it , contemplate it for a while , then venture inside , into the body of the beast . inside the bulldozer a rusting steering column , a perforate dashboard . he peck at the metal , try to taste it , listen to the sound it make . outside the bulldozer in the shimmer space outside the bulldozer , the adely congregate . the adely ... you sure he go in there ? ... mumble ! ... done go near it , look like it can bite one of they smim closer to the great jaw adely Ramos ! mumble pop he head out from between the jaw mumble oh ! there you be terrify the adely scatter and shoot to the surface like missile . mumble ( cont 'd ) guy ! I want to speak to you . 40 . the ice shelf the adely be head back to they colony as fast as they little leg will carry then . mumble hippity hop after they adely ... forget it ... we be not go back there ... never mumble but its dead . it can not hurt you adely ... maybe its get a brother still alive . mumble but that 's what we have to find out . do not you see . thing like that could be eat the fish . the idea be so stunningly original it stop they in they track . adely okay . okay . here 's the plan : we go and ask the revere one . mumble the who ? the adely ... reverend loveday . ... the one who know ... first we gonna need stone though mumble why stone ? wait for I loveday' mound mumble and the adelie amigos be bunched together , near the head of a long queue of adely each with a stone or in they beak . at the head of this queue stand loveday - guardian of a huge pile of pebble . his head poke through one of the ring a plastic six - pack can holder festoon with seaweed like a holy mantle . ( continued ) 41 . continued : a group of soul singer , mainly female , sway in the background , sing a soulful song of adoration as the penguin ahead of mumble step forward . loveday first , the devotion ... the penguin add he pebble to the pile . loveday hold up a flipper for silence and a hush fall over the gospel choir loveday ( cont 'd ) a moment ... ( compose himself ) ... and you question ? first in queue señor loveday , my wife be one of the disappear one tell I be she alive ? loveday hyperventillate , he eye roll up in he head loveday the mystic being be speak to I . yes ! she be alive and happy and you be in she thought ... first in queue but be she with another male ? loveday one pebble , one question . next ! the amigos push mumble forward . he be at least a head taller than the other . loveday ( cont 'd ) I sense ... you be the one with the question . adelie ... how do he do it ? ... he just one look and he know . mumble place the pebble on the pile . a long pause loveday a little nervous ? that 's normal . take you time . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) in fact mumble be mesmerise by the luight catch loveday 's six pack holder . he bend forward to study it more closely mumble I be wonder . have you ever be abduct by alien ? loveday no time waster . next ! the adely ... señor ! that 's not he question . he 's new here . ( prompt mumble ) ... the yellow thing ... ask he what 's take the fish ? mumble ( ignore they ) ... you see I meet a skua once , with something like that on he leg .... loveday ... skua ? leg ? what 's he talk about ? mumble ... and he say he be abduct by alien . loveday ( start to wheeze and cough ) listen friend , this be my Sacred talisman , bestow upon I by the mystic being ... mumble look like they bestow it very tight . loveday ... during my Epic journey of enlightenment to the forbidden shore ! mumble so this mystic being , do you see they ? loveday I hear they . they talk to I all the time I be they instrument . they choose I to ...... ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 3 ) mumble do they have frontway eye ? no feather ? fat flabby face ? do they probe you and stick a pointy thing into you ? loveday enough ! how many question be that ? you do not have enough pebble . adely in queue ... yeah , one pebble , one question . ... we have all get stuff to ask , pal ! mumble but I have not have any answer yet ! loveday silencio !! the mystic being be speak . they say show some respect stranger . especially to the one who know . a hush fall over the gather . loveday ( cont 'd ) the reason there be not enough fish be simple : there be not enough love in the world . Love be the answer ! one cue the gospel choir start sing : all you need be Love loveday ( cont 'd ) ( over this ) okay , everybody , turn around to the penguin next to you and give they a great big hug . comeon , everybody ... hug ! this be a safe place . the gather hug awkwardly . mumble , because of he tower height , have trouble embrace the adelie next to he . loveday ( cont 'd ) now . the mating season start today so here 's what everybody should do : go forth and multiply ! if you will excuse I myself must retire for a moment to the couch of indulgence ... okay lady , who 's gonna be first ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 4 ) mumble and the adely be jostle aside in the stampede of female as the gospel group break rank and mob he female adely .. I loveday . .. I ! .. no I ! loveday one at a time ! and do not touch the talisman ! adely .... I like he better when he be just plain pedro . ... do he say it start today ... why do not someone tell we . ... we gotta get to work guy !! they start posture for the any female they can attract the adely ...¡ hola baby ! get you chica boom - boom here . ... turn round , look at we !. a couple of female look up from the scrum female ... how many rock you get . her friend ... forget `em honey . they only one between the six of they ... and they just spend it . a adelie ( get desperate ) wait . look . the adely all start dancing madly , but it be too frenetic , too desperate . adely ... you like it ... arriba ! ... what do you need stone for ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 5 ) female friend try sit on the ice for a month . it might come to you salsa Boy . come on , consuela . rejected , the amigo stop dance . the adely ... they loss , guy . ... Ramon , where you go ? Ramon be searching frantically for pebble . ramon gotta be some rock leave here somewhere ! ( to mumble ) hey big guy , get any love stone over where you come from ? mumble we do not collect they . all we have to do be , well ... we sing a adelie ... easy as that ? ... so why be not you over there ? mumble look at they . then open he beak and demonstrate : mumble La la la la la la la laaaaaaaaaaaaa !! the adely ( to each other ) ... what 's he do ? ... its a distress call ... its world music ... get out of here ! mumble see . that 's how I end up with you guy . and emperor who can not sing be not a emperor at all . a adelie man . you be a emperor all right , you be a king among emperor . the sing we can fix . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 6 ) mumble you can ?! a adelie no problem . which way 's this colony of yours ? lead off . adely ... we will all come . ... yeah I like they tall . ... you jus ' gotta do exac 'ly as I say . the emperor colony it be autumn , the emperor penguin for the mate season . it be just like the great gathering we see at the beginning of we story . male and female sing they heartsongs . and one song stand out from all the other . where norma J. once sing , stand ella , now sleek and fully mature . gather around she in a semi-circle , a half a dozen ador male . ella voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir ? voulez-vous coucher avec moi ? suddenly she become aware of a mellifluous male voice overlap hers . it have a curious bossa nova rhythm . mumble tall and tan and young and lovely the girl from Ipanema go walk and when she pass each guy she pass go ` aaaah ' ella turn to see : a penguin backlit by the sun , stand heroically on a little rise , just as wishful do . ella recognize that tapping feet . could this be mumble ? she move closer to investigate . mumble ( cont 'd ) oh , and I want she so badly how can I tell she I love she ? yes I would give my heart gladly ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) but each day when she walk to the sea , she look straight ahead not at I .... " ella mumble ? singing voice tall and tan and young and lovely .. mumble ( overlap ) hi ella , what do you think ? ella , suspicious move to one side . mumble move to block she view . she move further tound and see : the adelie '' hola bonita ! obviously he 's be sing while mumble mime ella mumble , that 's just cheap she turn and head off . the adelie start after she . the adelie wait up ! you and I baby , we can make sweet music . I may be short but I be a love god ... ooww ! mumble smack he with the back of a flipper and go off after ella himself . mumble ella . wait ! she stop . he take she by the shoulder shes upset . mumble ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . ella ( shake she head , tearful ) when you leave without say goodbye I think something have happen , then I think he just do not care . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) mumble do not care ? I never stop think about you . ella and then when I see you sing , for a second I think ... mumble I can not sing . ella I know . I know . its impossible . she walk off . mumble but I will show you something better he tap a up - tempo , syncopate rhythm on the ice . mumble ( cont 'd ) sing something to this ! ella ( she back to he ) what 's the point . it 's embarrassing mumble just try it . this once . ella begin to hum never can say Goodbye ironically and without conviction . mumble ( cont 'd ) okay , that will work . just keep it go . the sing adelie join in ... acapella , very rhythmic the adelie " ... turn around you fool you know I love you more and more ... " right on cue , the rest of the amigos appear on either side of he , sing back -up . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 3 ) the adely " tell I why be it so do not wanna let you go I never can say goodbye , no ... no no no ... " curious , ella turn . frame between the adely , mumble strike a pose , hold it for a moment ... then let rip . he tap dance ... uninhibited , wild , joyous . the adely accompany he . they know all the move and it be infectious feet be beginning to tap , couple be beginning to improvise ... sing along , try out the dance step . now ella be catch up in it . and mumble be dancing like no penguin have ever do before ! mumble this be it ella ! this be the song inside I ! ella be ecstatic . just when we think the whole colony will be sweep up into the abandon . a dark figure step forward caruso ( bellow ) stop ... this ... depravity !!! ella stop dancing . mumble miss a beat , lose he foot , trip and go slide across the ice to the foot of caruso and the elder . caruso ( cont 'd ) what be the meaning of this abomination ?!! mumble I be just show they happy foot caruso happy what ?! this be a outrage ! the adely shuffle uncomfortably . caruso turn to the rest of the emperor ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 4 ) caruso . it be exactly this kind of disrespectful , heretic behaviour that have bring the scarcity upon we ! do not you see ... we be be bring to account by the forefather ! the elder ... the kid be never quite the full penguin . ... it all begin the year he hatched . ... that 's right ! he 's the one who bring the blight ! mumble ( astonished ) wait . wait . you think it 's my fault that there be no fish ?!! do happy foot can not cause a food shortage . a elder ... then what do ?! mumble my own opinion ? I think live beyond the ice there be creature we have never meet before alien . mystic being . Big , flabby ...... elder ( push in ) ... he have abandon the faith . ... he have drive the fish away . the adely ( protect mumble ) ... come on hombre , loosen up , ... the tall guy be just try to .... a elder do not touch I ! heathen !! he bat the adely aside like skittles . mumble intervene mumble back off , ya screwy - ass flipperbird ! the elder ( enraged ) ... skua talk !! he 's talk skua talk ! ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 5 ) the elder ( cont 'd ) ... he 's the spawn of evil !! ... the devil penguin !!! mumble this be craziness a voice no , Son they be right . wishful emerge from the crowd mumble you too pa ?! wishful Truth be , I be the cause of it . I drop the egg . I make you how you be . if only you would come back to we , relinquish the dark side mumble no. dad . no . what have they do to you . you be talk like caruso . wishful just do it . pray to the forefather for forgiveness . mumble no . you be nut . all of you . I be outa here . mumble walk away . the community part to let he go . ella chase after he . ella wait ! mumble ! catch up with he mumble its no use ella . I can not live with that . ella can you live without it ? he stop . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 6 ) ella ( cont 'd ) I believe in you , mumble . but without the huddle we can not make a egg . without the egg , what be we here for ? adely ... true ... that 's a big question mumble guy . can I and ella be alone for a bit the adely give they space mumble ( cont 'd ) ok . here 's what I be go to do . I be go to talk a alien . I be go to find what 's cause the shortage ella but what about ?... mumble its the only way . you be right . unless we have food there no future for any of we - you , I the adely , anyone ella but ... mumble give I a year , just until the next great gather . if I do not make it back .... at least I try ella but ... mumble now go back . I love you . go. ella return to the community . as she do so , caruso begin to chant the gather answer . caruso " together we stand " all " divide we freeze . " ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 7 ) all ( cont 'd ) recite the wisdom ! all ( cont 'd ) " in the wisdom we trust . " caruso " when all other leave ... " all " we remain . " caruso louder . more fervent bretheren . " when the Sun vanish ... " all " we remain . " ellas watch through tear as the tiny figure of mumble and the adely dwindle to speck and disappear into the mist . the ice shelf mumble and the adely have put the colony far behind , trekk homeward adely tell I again where we be go . mumble to find the mystic being . adely how do we know where they live . mumble we will ask loveday . he 's be there . adelieland most of the adely be sit on nest . the adeley and mumble trek past they a protective mother take a peck at they . mother ... not so close . we get baby on board adely ... wow . do nest make they touchy ( continued ) 54 . continued : they find loveday at the back of what be leave of he pebble pile . he sit lean against it ... exhaust . the adely ... loveday , you okay ?? ... what happen ... too much boom - boom for one penguin ? mumble kick a bunch of pebble at he . mumble just one question ! and I want a straight answer ! where do I find the mystic being ? loveday try to raise himself up . a tight low gurgle rumble from he throat . a adelie why do not he speak ? loveday gurgle and point wildly to the six - pack plastic round he neck . a adelie ( cont 'd ) talisman ... sound like talisman !! loveday cough . his eye bulge . adely ... he 's possess ! ... it 's a seizure ! mumble no . he 's choke ! the talisman 's get way too tight . the adely ... why din ' you say so ? ... hold on we gonna take it off . ... you pull that side , I pull this side . they tug at the six - pack plastic . loveday gasp and wince . mumble stop . you be hurt he . the adely back off . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) a adelie any better ? loveday give a little `so - so ' gesture with he flipper . the adely ... it not gonna come off . ... of course it 's not ! it 's sacred ! mumble loveday , where do you get it ? the adely ... it be bestow on he . ... by the mystic being ! loveday shake he head sadly . mumble they do not bestow it on you ? the adely ... poor guy . ... he do not know what he 's say . mumble if it be not bestow , what happen ? loveday mime swim . the adely ... oh , this one 's easy . ... he swim .... ... on he hectic journey of delightenment ... ... to the forbid shore . mumble and then ....? loveday mime the talisman go over he head . a adelie ... well to I that 's gotta be bestow . loveday shake he head , `no ' . he stretch he neck . mumble you look up and ...... it just get catch around you neck ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 3 ) adely ... no way . no . he 's the revere one ... he speak symbolically . loveday hang he head . a tear slide down he beak . mumble ( gently ) loveday , do you ever meet a mystic be ? really ? beaten , loveday shake he head ` no ' the adely be stunne into silence . mumble ( cont 'd ) but this thing be make by someone . and if we find they , they could take it off . loveday look up , a glimmer of hope in he eye . mumble ( cont 'd ) so where do we go , loveday loveday then he make a strange " oi , oi , oi " sound . a adelie oh my ! now he think he 's a elephant seal loveday nod and point towards the mountain . a adelie ( cont 'd ) he want to go to the top of the mountain . loveday shake he head . mumble the forbidden place be over the mountain ... loveday nod . mumble ( cont 'd ) ... in the land of the elephant seal !!? loveday gesture wildly with he flipper ! mumble ( cont 'd ) ... Beyond the land of the elephant seal !!? ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 4 ) loveday nod ` yes !!' and fall back in exhaustion . mumble ( cont 'd ) so who 's come loveday oi a mountain ridge the adely labour uphill into the wind . loveday be lag behind , breathe hard . even mumble and the amigos be puffing with the effort of the climb . Music over : he aint heavy he 's my brother . adely ... stop. enough . we must have go past it ... past ? do not kid I . we be not even close . then on the wind come a fiant ` oi , oi , oi '. mumble hear that ?! as they crest the peak , sure enough , down below : the land of the elephant seal . thousands of they . the adely ... refresh my memory do elephant seal eat penguin ? ... no , no ...jus ' krill and fish . ... sure of you fact be you ? not wait , mumble launch himself over the other side , slip-slide down the mountain . one by one the adely follow . adely well I guess we be about to find out the land of the elephant seal the beach be literally heaving . mumble and the adely come tumble and slide right up to two huge seal . ( continued ) 58 . continued : elephant seal 1 ( big-belly , booming southern voice ) well roll I over and call I a dugong . what the heck have we get here the adely bunch up behind mumble mumble Excuse I , we need direction ... to the forbidden shore . elephant seal 2 sure . just git yourselves over they there hill I would come with you myself but ... elephant seal 1 woah woah . you aint tell they half of it : over they hill , beyond the great glacier , `n ' through the blizzard country . the good ole boy be into one-upmanship . elephant seal 1 ( cont 'd ) anyhow . its its forbidden to go there . elephant seal 2 I hear its forbidden to ask how to get there ! mumble we be look for the mystic being elephant seal 2 mystic who ? mumble alien , the one who make this . he indicate the six - pack plastic around loveday be neck . seal 1 lower it 's massive head down to face loveday . wheezing he examine the plastic with first with one eye , then the other , before announce he verdict . elephant seal 1 Blizzard walker ! cut you up soon as look at you . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) elephant seal 2 cut you up before they look at you . mumble could they be take we fish ? elephant seal 1 could be !? I hear they would take a whole penguin , rip its skin right off and turn it into mush . elephant seal 2 huh ! that 's a picnic ! I hear tell they would take a baby seal and club it to death . with they bare club . elephant seal 1 huh ! clubbing 's a Clambake ! my granpappy say they be know to skin a seal from snout to tail in a hot second . elephant seal 2 you granpappy do not know squat ! what I hear they take you sorry carcass , melt you down , burn you up , take you fur `n ' fat and turn you into a wide variety of useful item ! elephant seal 1 the hell with " useful " that critter would y turn you into a food item ! Little popsicle thing ! ya hear I ? one day you be a big ole whale and the next minute , funfood !! mumble but if you grandpappys see they and they survive , maybe they be not so fierce . seal # 1 you call I a liar son ? seal # 2 he 's call you grandpappy a liar . and you know what , maybe he 's right . seal # 1 why you . flop over here and say that ! they start fight , lung and flopping on each other ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 3 ) mumble come on loveday , let go adely ( run to catch up ) ... go where ? ... do not you hear what he say ... its forbidden mumble they do not know . they have never be there a adelie stop ! I be hearing voice . the mystical guy . they say : " you life be perfectly good as it be ... forget this stupid mission " . mumble and loveday keep trekk . another adelie Ramon . that be embarrassing , man . and reluctantly , he trail after they . as do ... the other adely ... oh no , don ' do this to we . ... I be a lover not a fighter ... the first sign of Popsicles or funfood of any kind , I turn round and go back the blizzard country mumble , loveday and the adely be tiny speck , struggle over a series of great ridge . mumble so we walk ... and walk .. and keep walk . over the hill and into Blizzard country a snow STORM break over they . a scream wind bring total white -out . the penguin have to shout to make themselves hear . the adely ... oh man ! this be no place for a penguin ! ... we should be migrate out to sea by now ! ( continued ) 61 . continued : mumble we need to huddle ! the adely huddle ??! mumble form a move circle ! share the cold , share the warmth ! he turn he back to the wind . immediately the adely form a straight line down - wind from he . the adely ... oh yeah , nice . ... that 's definitely better . ... good call big guy . mumble I say a circle ! they form a little huddle , but as soon as mumble move from the upwind position , the adely complain . a adelie ... no , no . this can not be right ! ... it be better the other way . they scurry back into a straight line behind mumble who cop the full blast of the gale . he give up and march off into the drive snow . the adely ... hey ! ... what happen to the huddle ?! mumble ( shout back ) just keep move ! toboggan , if you have to !! the other lie down , propelling themselves forward on they front the adely ... oh no , now I get chest pain ... tell you , this be a good way to get snow blind ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) the adely ( cont 'd ) ... just keep move or you will get my beak up you butt flare out to white the blizzard have pass . a eerie stillness . one by one the adely get to they foot and waddle forward to where mumble and loveday stand , gaze into the distance . they have finally reach the sea again mumble you think this be it ? the forbidden shore ? loveday choke out a `ye ' . adely .... the way I feel " : the " frostbitten " shore .... so what be that black thing ?. Close to the water edge , the outline of several building a abandoned whaling station the penguin venture through it , dwarf by the old flensing - shed , the chimney and boil - vat . its all now abandon , and half conceal by snow . around and above they , there be hook , chain , rusting twisted metalwork . mumble hello ?! be there anyone out there ? a ominous groaning as some rusting metal plate move in the wind . mumble ( cont 'd ) hello !! the adely ... no need to shout . ... yeah , somebody might hear you . ... I think we see all there be to see round here . loveday be look at something at he foot . ( continued ) 63. continued : mumble what be it ? there , imbed in the ice : another six pack holder . the sea ice mumble and the adely venture out onto the weak ice beyond the whaling station , find more and more of the strange artefact : a piece of nylon rope , a soda can , a boot . mumble they must be here somewhere . they would not leave all this stuff lie around . a adelie maybe they invisible . further on they have reach the edge of the sea-ice . loveday croak a warning . he point out to sea . a adelie what be that ? a wave have appear on the glassy surface of the sea . it be come towards they , fast like the bow wave of a immense underwater creature . mumble a whale ? a adelie as long as it 's a good whale , not the other kind . the wave be come closer . another adelie what other kind ?!! a massive black dorsal fin break the surface . mumble the one with tooth !! the penguin be off and run ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : the dorsal fin keep come like the blade of a demonic carve knife . then the monstrous fin disappear and kaboom ! the killer whale breach the ice ahead of they , cut off they retreat . they be leave strand on a free-floating ice floe the adely ... jump ! ... swim for it ! mumble no !! stay on the ice pad where its safe the little floe be wobble crazily the adely ... you call this safe amigo ? ... maybe we should split up . ... you split up I be stay right here . the killer whale breach again , rise like a tower block out of the ocean . the adely ( cont 'd ) woooaaaahhh !! the ice pad flip , fling they into the water like a handful of peanut . in the sea the penguin head for shore , swim for they life . loveday , thrashing and wheeze , be unable to keep up . mumble ( stop ) loveday ! loveday !! he swim back . the killer whale be about to take they both in one bite . mumble pull loveday aside , but he 's not quite quick enough : one of the whale 's outer tooth catch loveday by the six - pack plastic and he be dragge away , tethere to the killer whale like Captain ahab . the whale thrashes around wildly try to dislodge the hapless little penguin until ... ( continued ) 65 . continued : loveday be flung high , high into the air and ... splashes down some distance away . the killer whale be leave with the six - pack plastic lodge in its tooth . ice shelf mumble and loveday scramble onto the ice exhaust . wonder where the next attack will come from , the amigos huddle nearby . suddenly the ice shelf crack OPEN and the killer whale soar right over the top of they it hit the water but do not stop , just keep go right on out to sea . the penguin have no time to reflect on they good fortune . theres a earth shatter noise behind they . turn they see a vast black shape , a hundred foot high , come at they through the fog . the adely flee across the ice . mumble stand transfix by the big black ship tower above he . on the deck he see human figure ... mumble alien ?! the pack -ice be buckling and exploding ahead of the great juggernaut . mumble ( cont 'd ) stop ! please !.... from a safe distance the adely stop and look on in amazement as mumble stand he ground , shouting up at the ship as it advance towards he . mumble ( cont 'd ) ... it 's very important ! the ice beneath he foot open up , mumble topple into the gap and the ship pass over he , huge propeller churn , leave a channel ninety foot wide . mumble resurface . ( continued ) 66 . continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) we ... have ... to ... talk ! he chase after the ship . the adely chase after mumble ... the adely ... amigo -o-o-o ! ... let it go-o-o-o-o !! already the ship be half a mile away . the iceberg Beyond the last of the ice floe be the world' tallest iceberg . mumble hurl himself onto it and start scramble up its precipitous side . the adely follow , struggle to keep up . the summit mumble 's Pov : the big black ship have join two other about a mile away . the adely join he . the adely ... you find they , you find alien ! ... now we go back tell everybody who 's take the fish . mumble 's eye remain fix on the horizon . the adely ( cont 'd ) ... do not feel bad tall guy . ... they be just too fast . too big . ... too everything . mumble they have stop ! loveday mumble . I owe you my life amigo . and I say this because I admire and deeply respect you . if you be think what I think you be think . you be out of you crazy head mumble say hi to ella for I ( continued ) 67 . continued : adely you say hi. come back and say hi to she yourself mumble turn , take a few pace back . mumble oh . one other thing . you guy adely what ? suddenly , mumble turn to the precipice and run as fast as he can ... mumble excelsi yah !!! as he launch himself into space ... wide shot the tiny penguin soar off the top of the iceberg . the adely rush to the edge as , far below mumble hit the water . and vanish . the adely ...can you believe that ... bring we all this way and kill himself ...no he do not ! look ! Far out he have surface and be swim strongly in direction of the big black ship . the adely ( cont 'd ) ... a dive like that , and still he life ! ... yeah like when he do he happy foot , he foot have wing . ... a normal penguin could never have do it . loveday you do not think we should go with he adely ... do not sweat it revered one . many be call , few be choose . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : adely ( cont 'd ) .. hey , how tall you think the tall guy be ? ... who could say ? four time my height at least ... loveday follow behind loveday about this revered one stuff , you guy a adelie yeah loveday maybe just call I pedro the OPEN sea mumble plough through a roll sea : tower wave block everything from view but on the crest he catch sight of ... three black ship , far ahead , but stationary , as if wait for he . later he 's get closer . the ship be only half a mile away when something rise from the deep , threaten to engulf he : a huge net , teeming with fish . mumble shoot out of the way , just avoid be catch as . up ahead the great net full of fish break the surface of the water and be winched on board . mumble ( yell ) hey ! you can't do that ! what about US ?! the scarcity ! the scarcity !! as if in response the ship 's engine start up again and the sea around he erupt in churn foam . swamp by the wake , mumble go under . when he resurface , the ship be already on its way . ( continued ) 69 . continued : mumble ( cont 'd ) hey you think you're gonna get away with this ?!! not if I can help it you shit - squirter alien creep . he take a deep breath and resume he pursuit . OPEN ocean the seas be mountainous . there be no sign of the ship now , nor of land . mumble swim up the side of each wave , over its foam crest and down into the deep dark valley below . later the air be full of spray . choke , mumble duck under the water . underwater its peaceful here . then something move beside he and turn with a start to see : a massive eye !! a blue whale entirely fill he field of vision . it sing a few booming wagnerian note . its voice be almost deafen . mumble too loud . he surface , spluttering . mumble ( cont 'd ) too loud ! a voice call to he from above . mumble look up . a albatross hover overhead . albatross he 's look for a mate , mate . and this day , I tell you they be few and far between from the albatross ' aerial view , mumble look tiny next to the massive bulk of the Blue whale . ( continued ) 70 . continued : albatross ( cont 'd ) talk of which , I never see a penguin this far out . watch you do not hit the convergence mate . mumble the convergence ? albatross where the cold water meet the warm , mate . once you cross it , there 's no get ' back . what you tryinmg to prove anyway ? mumble I be try to talk to the alien ! albatross the who ? mumble on the black iceberg . the one take all the fish ! albatross they . Fish be just the start of it mate . they alien be the one who take out the whale . mumble they kill whale ! that 's impossible albatross straight up mate . biggest creature ever live . decimate , mate . mumble so if I want to talk to they , where would I go albatross anywhere and everywhere . over the sea , under the sea , jee , I have even see they fly . the great southland 's swarm with they mumble where 's that . do you think the whale would take I there ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) the Blue whale respond with a long mournful " no-o- o-o " which the Albatross do not need to translate . albatross no way mate , he will not go anywhere near `em . and neither should you . mumble hesitates , bob on the water , weigh the warning . he make up he mind and strike out again swim towards the convergence . the Albatross , hover on the wing , watch . albatross ( cont 'd ) do not say I do not warn you the albatross wheel away . as mumble fight on through the huge choppy wave , the whale 's wagnerian song boom out , eerie and forlorn . the convergence we see from above , the blue whale turn as well , change course to avoid a change in the texture and colour of the water stretch in a line , as far as the eye can see . mumble swim right across the line . a vast ocean mumble be a mere dot now as the great current capture he and sweep he away . we pull back through the cloud until the very curvature of the earth be visible : a blue horizon with no land in sight . SMALL pollute beach on the high - water MARK , amongst the rubbish and the oil slick , we see what look like a dead animal . it be mumble . a creature in red gumboot approach . its small hand reach down and nudge he with a stick . mumble moan and the gumboot run away , shouting something unintelligible . with great difficulty , mumble raise he head to try to see more . sunlight flare , bleach to white , as he lose consciousness . 72 . a white room Scientific book and specimen of bird in large bottle on shelf line the wall . mumble , eye close , be lie on a stainless steel table . he open he eye to the brilliant glare of a examination lamp . there be movement around he . voice whisper in a alien tongue . a figure in white bend over he clean the oil from he feather with detergent . mumble squawk . mumble ( vo ) when I finally see one , the alien be even more hideous than I would imagine a very pretty female scientist be smile down at he . mumble ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) ... frontway eye , no feather . Big tooth with blood around they . strange fleshy beak . a meat eater mumble ( cont 'd ) ( terrify ) the - fish - be - ours . understand ? but all the scientist see be a squawk penguin . mumble ( cont 'd ) we can not live without they ! the scientist produce a syringe and squirt some of it 's content in the air . mumble ( cont 'd ) speak adelie ? skua-talk ? another scientist hold he still while the needle be administer . mumble ( cont 'd ) oh no ! not the pointy thing ! drowsy now , he be ease into a padd cage . the scientist close the lid , and secure it with strap . in the cargo hold we hear a feeble thumping from inside . ( continued ) 73. continued : pull back to reveal mumble 's box on a shelf among crate and luggage . fade in engine noise over as .... endless sky a 747 drone across the screen , eastward into the night . darkness mumble I wake in darkness . unable to move . be I dead ? and if I be dead , where be that light come from like the light at the end of a tunnel . as if in a dream , mumble amble towards it . emerging into penguin heaven Bright blue sky , sparkling white cliff of ice . mumble wow . they bring I home his voice echoes back at he , with a mock edge . there be something unusual about this place . a plump penguin waddle by mumble ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , where be we . penguin Heaven . where d' you think ? mumble oh . so we be dead . right penguin dunno . do not care . we get food . we get water . you hear a seal now and then , but you never meet one . perfect . mumble be look around , try to figure it out penguin ( cont 'd ) Fish ! mumble where ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : a fish hit he on the head . a moment later he 's knock flat by a sudden rush of penguin : chinstrap , rock-hopper , adely , King penguin , emerge from hole in the rock face penguin Fish time . Fish time ! lying on he back he see fish tumble from the sky . it 's raining fish ! mumble ( vo ) every day after that , it rain fish in the afternoon . his Pov , load after load of fish tumble out of a clear sky underwater Fish hit the surface and sink mumble ( v.o. ) Fish on land and fish underwater . mumble pursue one of they . mumble sometime you get a live one but there be nowhere really to chase it he swim slap bang into a sheet of thick glass . alien face be press against it . mumble yell and shoot to the surface . the penguin enclosure High up he see the view gallery . a great crowd of alien stare and chatter mumble ( v.o. ) alien everywhere , watch you eat , watch you sleep mumble back away and knock into the painted horizon . he put out a wing to steady himself and notice a metal tag on it . this place be beginning to upset he . ( continued ) 75 . continued : mumble ( yell at the alien ) what have you do to my wing ! this be not my home ! I want to get out of here ! the other penguin stand around , immobile , chomping fish . old timer penguin guess he 's new here the penguin enclosure caption : a year later specator Pov : mumble stand around , like the other , ignore the alien , chomping fish his Pov : Day after day , the view constantly the same , except for the grouping of spectator high in the view Gallery mumble ( v.o. ) after a while , you learn to stop fight it . stop protest , take the knock . cu mumble : a camera flash . a fish hit he , he do not flinch mumble ( v.o. ) ... just take what come and live inside you mind the same / passage of time another day and another . night follow day follow night . spectator come and go . the penguin stand like statue . though bubbles begin to appear above mumble head , snapshot of he past experience mumble ( v.o. ) sometimes I think about dad and mum . sometimes the amigo , and other I would meet along the way . but mostly I think about ella , wonder who she end up with . whether she have enough food to eat . whether she still remember we song . in the though bubble , ella have appear sing never can say goodbye . mumble foot begin shuffle to the rythm 76 . spectator gallery most of the specator be leave but one young girl stop and stare young girl look mommy ! it 's dance ! she bang on the glass in she excitement . penguin enclosure mumble , wake from he reverie , look up and see she look at he . mumble what ? what do I do ? the little girl who be point at mumble foot . mumble look down , realize what he foot be do , look up again . mumble ( cont 'd ) you like that ? well how about this . he do a more elaborate step . the mother shout in disbelief . various other specator come back and join she . mumble fellow captive be unimpress . penguin # 1 oh - oh , another one go troppo penguin # 2 you think its infectious penguin # 3 I sure hope not they shuffle away in the spectator gallery . the alien , in contrast , be loving it . already a crowd have gather , laugh and clap . next day the Gallery be pack . mumble keep dance 77 . next day theres a riot go on up there . people fight to get a view . newspaper reporter , tv camera . the other penguin in the enclosure have move back , give mumble more space . every specattor be focuss on he . mumble be focuss on the spectator . mumble ( vo yes . yes . at last something be happen . I be finally get through to they ! the transporter BOX a squawk mumble be thrust inside and the lid slam shut on he . kerchunk . the emperor colony silence , then across the vast expanse a tiny figure appear on the horizon . penguin V /o' ... what 's that ? ... where ? ... come from the inland ! a couple of penguin watch the approach figure . penguin ... be it a penguin ? ... be it one of ours ? later mumble approach the two sentries . the colony be much diminish : only small group scattered here and there . mumble hi , where be everybody !? penguin who want to know ? mumble I use to live here . when 's the great gather ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : penguin this be it . I guess mumble this be all that 's leave ? other penguin be gather to scrutinise the stranger . penguin ... so who 's this ? ... kinda small for a emperor . ... ( suspicious ) where do you say you be from ? then a female penguin burst out of the crowd . ella mumble ?! its mumble !! mumble ella ! be it you . you have not change a bit . as he speak , he eye be draw to the huge number of fluffy chick follow behind she mumble ( cont 'd ) be this all yours ? ella they be my sing student . mumble so. you never .... ella of course not . I be wait for you . mumble but that 's fantastic . I have get so much to tell you - to tell everyone . ( to the gather crowd ) I find out who 's be cause the scarcity ! ella huh ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) mumble I know who 's be take we fish ! I make contact with alien ! they be come here . right behind I . listen . they listen . above the wind faint electronic beeping SOUND . penguin ... who 's do all the shouting ... its mumble . he 's worse than before . mumble no , honestly alien will be here soon ! you have to believe I . we come in a big hollow bird and they land on the ice and .... caruso burst through the crowd . caruso . you again ! and still full of the same old nonsense . mumble but its true !! the beep be quite audible now - a little faster and louder . curious , ella amble round behind mumble tro see what 's make the noise caruso . move along everyone . pay no attention . there 's no such thing as alien ella so who fix he up with this . she turn he around to reveal some kind of circuit board glue to he back : a small aerial , winking red light . a transmitter . a gasp of fear and astonishment from the penguin . caruso be momentarily speechless . penguin ... do it hurt ? .... its not make of feather thats for sure ... what 's it gonna do ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 3 ) mumble it 's so they can find I . ( cock a ear ) that 's they now . listen . a distant rumbling , like some monstrous cataclysm be approach caruso you lead they here . be you crazy !! mumble you say they do not exist . caruso they will slaughter we . head for the sea ! mumble no . do this . do happy foot . he start tap dance . the penguin be tear , between caruso 's instruction and mumble . mumble its what they understand . they can not talk , they can not sing . they speak with they foot . do it . a few adventurous soul begin to copy he , out of fear if nothing else . as they do so , the sky begin to darken . a strange whirling wind start whipping the snow around they . the very earth seem to be shaking under they . caruso . now look what you have do ! penguin ...it the end of the world . .... its all mumble fault . I tell you wishful round on they angrily . wishful just do what the kid say . they start dance . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 4 ) caruso have climb a small hillock and be ranting like a old testament prophet caruso recite the wisdom ! " together we stand " . " divide we freeze " . mumble and ella be dance through the community mumble come on , everyone ! happy foot ! it 's we only chance ! caruso " when all other leave , we remain mumble feet !! caruso chant !! mumble feet ! feet !! happy feet !! the tide be beginning to turn in he favour mumble ( cont 'd ) that 's it ! excellent ! '' riba riba , penguino ! shake that hip . come on , bust a move !! caruso . adhere to the wisdom !! the ancient will protect we as he shout he he be blow off he foot by a tremendous gust of wind caruso tumble head over heel as a massive chinook helicopter rise over the hirizon , its massive rotor mash the air . it swoops down over the penguin nation and land a little distance away . Music over : wanna dance with somebody . ( continued ) 82. continued : ( 5 ) now the entire emperor community be dance for all they be worth . penguin .... alien . ... I never doubted it for a moment Mrs astrakhan dance past mrs astrakhan more feelink . be spontanuous !! wishful dance over to she , he eye on mumble and ella wishful ( dance ) you know who that be ? that 's my boy ! mrs astrakhan ( dance ) know he ? he ees my star pupol ! I teach he everythingk ! by the chinook human scientist disembark . skidoos be kick into life . we TRAVEL with the skidoos across the ice - shelf to the colony scientist Pov : as they stop , lower they hood and gaze in astonishment . one of they lift a video cam to record thousand of emperor penguin dancing with pure , abandoned joy . mumble ( vo ) from that day on , no one quite know how it happen , but the black iceberg begin to disappear and the fish become abundant once more . a conference room suited figure be seat round a large table , watch as image of the dancing penguin colony play on a video screen . without the music it 's less obviously a dance . chairman ... so what do you reckon ? ( continued ) 83. continued : expert yes , quite extraordinary . ( stare at the screen ) some kind of neurological disorder ? a nutritional deficiency perhaps . we would certainly back the long - term study . chairman and the international treaty ? delegate # 1 yes . this be exactly the leverage we need for a embargo . no fishing whatsoever ... legal , illegal , sanction , whatever . delegate #2 so we all step up police of the pirate factory ship . and we pressure that country to stop they so-called `experimental ' fishing . delegate#3 yes , if we government ask you government to approach they government to call off they fleet ... delegate #2 better if they government hear it from we government via you government ... chairman what the heck . the amount of publicity this be generate , they would have world war three if they do not stop . the colony in the confusion of penguin we find mumble , ella and they chick mumble ( v.o. ) ella 's give up teach to look after we chick . we take turn look after she and go to get the fish . as we watch , ella move off , join the great to and for of penguin along the highway to the sea . ( continued ) 84 . continued : mumble cover he chick protectively , watrch he wife walk away . mumble ( v.o. ) I worry about she , sure . theres so much big stuff out there it can be kind of frightening . we be pull back now , back from the colony , back from Antarctica . mumble ( v.o ) but the way I see it . theres so much out there we do not understand ... , space still pull back .... the stuff you think be small stuff could actually be the big stuff . keep pull back from the world , the solar system , the galaxy . mumble ( v.0 or be I not make sense here ? further back . we galaxy be frame in something like a bomb - sight . voice # 1 be there a problem ? I think this one be barren . in the dome we`re somewhere otherworldly , inside a clear dome the size of a stadium , with a view of the heaven . in the centre of this space , always just out of shot , two illdefine figure be talk , subtitle : voice # 2 more or less . but one of the star we be harvest support this thing here . project somehow in mid-air a 3 - D image of Times square in winter with tiny people milling around in black coat ( continued ) 85 . continued : voice # 1 so ...? voice # 2 well. exactly . but what we do not know about before be this thing here a image of the dance penguin appear . voice # 2 ( cont 'd ) just think you would want to see they before ... you know . the shadowy figure laugh , enjoy the image . voice # 1 hmm . charm voice # 2 so . we go ahead . or ...? voice # 1 no. better leave they be . see what sector twelves get to offer instead . the bomb sight move away from we galaxy to another part of the universe with that the two figure head off across the great shadowy interior . the projector beam catch they , briefly , throw up the giant shadow of this alien they look very like huge penguin . as they walk solemnly out of shot with they hand behind they back one of they break step to do a little jig . run title the end