happy birthday , wanda JUNE by kurt vonnegut act one scene one silence . pitch blackness . Animal eye begin to glow in the darkness . sound of the jungle climax in animal fight . a singer be hear sing the first bar of " all God 's chillun get shoe . " harold , looseleaf , penelope , and woodly stand in a row in the darkness , face the audience . they be motionless . a city skyline in the early evening materialize outside the window . the light come up on the live room of a rich man 's apartment , which be densely furnish with trophy of hunt and war . there be a front door , a door to the master bedroom suite , and a corridor lead to other bedroom , the kitchen and so on . penelope how do you do . my name be penelope Ryan . this be a simple - minded play about man who enjoy kill -- and that who do not . harold I be harold Ryan , she husband . I have kill perhaps two hundred man in war of various sort -- as a professional soldier . I have kill thousand of other animal as well -- for sport . woodly I be Dr. norbert woodly - - a physician , a healer . I find it disgusting and frightening that a killer should be a respected member of society . gentleness must replace violence everywhere , or we be doom . penelope ( to looseleaf ) would you like to say something about kill , Colonel ? looseleaf ( embarrassed ) Jesus -- I dunno . you know . what the heck . who know ? penelope Colonel harper , retire now , drop a atom bomb on nagasaki during the second World War , kill seventy - four thousand people in a flash . looseleaf I dunno , boy . penelope you do not know ? looseleaf it be a bitch . penelope thank you . ( to all ) you can leave now . we will begin . woodly ( to the audience , make a peace sign ) peace ! all but penelope exit . penelope ( to the audience ) this be a tragedy . when it 's do , my face will be as white as the snow of kilimanjaro . ( hyena laugh ) my husband , who kill so much , have be miss for eight year . he disappear in a light plane over the amazon rain Forest , where he hope to find diamond as big as cantaloupe . his pilot be Colonel looseleaf harper , who drop the bomb on nagasaki . ( hyena laugh ) I should explain the doorbell in this apartment . they be build by abercrombie and fitch . they be actual recording of animal cry . the back doorbell be a hyena , which you have just hear . the front doorbell be a lion 's roar . ( to the wing ) would you let they hear it please ? ( lion roar ) thank you . paul , she twelve - year- old son , enter from corridor , a sensitive , neatly dress little rich boy . penelope and this be my son , Paul . he be only four year old when he father disappear . paul ( radiantly , sappily ) he 's come back , Mom ! he 's the bravest , most wonderful man who ever live . penelope ( to audience ) I tell you this be a simple - minded play . paul maybe he will come back tonight ! it 's he birthday . penelope I know . paul stay home tonight ! penelope ( ruefully , for they have be over this before ) oh , Paul -- paul you be marry ! you have already get a husband ! penelope he 's a ghost ! paul he 's alive ! penelope not even mutual of omaha think so anymore . paul if you have to go out with some guy -- can not he be more like dad ? ( sick ) herb shuttle and norbert woodly - - can not you do better than that two freak ? penelope ( resentfully ) thank you , kind sir . paul a vacuum cleaner salesman and a fairy doctor . penelope a what kind of doctor ? paul a fairy - - a queer . everybody in the building know he 's a queer . penelope ( know better ) that 's a interesting piece of news . paul you be the only woman he ever take out . penelope not true . paul still life with he mother . penelope you know she have no foot ! you want he to abandon he mother , who have no husband , who have no money of she own , who have no foot ? paul how do she lose she foot ? penelope in a railroad accident many year ago . paul I be afraid to ask . penelope norbert be just beginning practice . a real man would have sell she to a catfood company , I suppose . as far as that go , J. Edgar Hoover still life with he mother . paul I do not know that . penelope a lot of people do not . paul J. Edgar Hoover play sport . penelope I do not really know . paul to only exercise Dr. woodly ever get be play the violin and make that stupid peace sign . ( make the peace sign and say the word effeminately ) peace . peace . peace , everybody . lion doorbell roar . penelope ( cring ) I hate that thing . paul it 's beautiful . he go to door , admit woodly , whom he loathes openly . woodly ( wear street clothes , carry a roll - up poster under he arm ) peace , everybody -- Paul , penelope . paul you be take Mom out tonight ? woodly ( to penelope ) you be go out ? penelope herb shuttle be take I to a fight . woodly take plenty of cigar . penelope ( a apology , secret from paul ) we make the date three month ago . woodly I must take you to a emergency ward sometime - - on a Saturday night . that 's also fun . I come to see selma , as a matter of fact . penelope she quit this afternoon . paul we do not have a may any more . woodly oh ? penelope the animal make she sneeze and cry too much . woodly I be glad somebody finally cry . every time I come in here and see all this unnecessary death , I want to cry . ( winking at paul , acknowledge paul 's low opinion of he ) I do not cry , of course . not manly , you know . do she try antihistamine ? penelope they make she so sleepy she could not work . woodly throw out all this junk . burn it ! this room crawl with tropical disease . paul everything stay as it be ! woodly a monument to a man who think that what the world need most be more rhinoceros meat . paul ( hotly ) my father ! woodly I apologize . but you do not know he , and neither do I . how 's you asthma ? paul do not worry about it . woodly how 's the fungus around you thumbnail ? paul ( conceal the thumb ) it 's fine ! woodly it 's jungle rot ! this room be make everybody sick ! this be you family doctor speak now . ( unrol the poster ) here -- I bring you something else to hang on you wall , for the sake of variety . penelope ( read ) " War be not healthy for child and other live thing . " how lovely . woodly no doubt Paul think it stink . lion doorbell roar . woodly I hate that thing . paul ( go to the door ) keeps fairy away ! he admit herb shuttle , who carry a electrolux vacuum cleaner . shuttle ( to paul affectionately , touch he ) hi kid . ( see woodly ) would you look what the car drag in . woodly I be glad you bring you vacuum cleaner . shuttle be that a fact ? woodly that may just quit . the place be a mess . you can start in the master bedroom . penelope please -- shuttle he 's not anybody to tell somebody else what to do in a master bedroom . penelope I will get ready , herb . I do not expect you this soon . ( to all ) please -- will not everybody be nice to everybody else while I be go ? all freeze , except for penelope , who come forward to address the audience . light on set fade as spotlight come on . penelope most man shunne I -- even when I nearly swoon for want of love . I might as well have be girdle in a chastity belt . my chastity belt be not make of iron and chain and chickenwire , but of harold 's lethal reputation . shuttle come into the spotlight . shuttle I keep have this nightmare -- that he catch we . penelope do what ? shuttle he would kill I . he would be right to kill I , too -- the kind of guy he be . penelope or be . we have not do anything wrong , you know . shuttle he would assume we have . penelope that 's something I suppose . shuttle all through the day I be so confident . that 's why I be such a good salesman , you know ? I have confidence , and I look like I have confidence , and that give other people confidence . people laugh sometimes when they find out I be a vacuum cleaner salesman . they stop laugh , though , when they find out I make forty - three thousand dollar last year . I have get six other salesmen work under I , and what they all plug into be my confidence . that 's what charge they up . penelope I be glad . shuttle I be captain of the wrestle team at lehigh University . penelope I know . shuttle if you want to wrestle , you get lehigh . if you want to play tennis , you go to vanderbilt . penelope I do not want to go to vanderbilt . shuttle you do not wrestle if you do not have supreme confidence , and I wrestle . but when I get with you , and I say to myself , " my god- - here I be with the wife of harold Ryan , one of the great heroes of all time - - " pause . penelope yes ? shuttle something happen to my confidence . penelope ( to the audience ) this conversation take place , incidentally , about three month before harold be declare legally dead . shuttle when harold be definitely out of the picture , penelope , when I do not have to worry about do he wrong or you wrong or Paul wrong . I be go to ask you to be my wife . penelope I be touch . shuttle that 's when I will get my confidence back . penelope I see . shuttle if you will pardon the expression , that 's when you will see the fur and feather fly . good night . penelope good night . blackout . scene two shuttle and woodly argue in pitch darkness , with paul listen , and light come up gradually to full on the live room the same evening . shuttle you have get to fight from time to time . woodly not true . shuttle or get eat alive . woodly that 's not true either - - or need not be , unless we make it true . shuttle phooey . woodly which we do . but we can stop do that . the light be full . shuttle and woodly be bored with each other , woodly look out the window , speak to a imaginary listener who have more brain than shuttle . paul hate they both , but prefer shuttle 's noisy manliness . woodly we simply stop do that -- drop thing on each other , eat each other alive . shuttle ( call ) penelope ! we be late ! penelope ( off , in master bedroom suite ) come . shuttle ( to paul ) woman be always late . you will find out . woodly ( thoughtfully ) the late Mrs. harold Ryan . shuttle I be sick of this argument . I just have one more thing to say : if you elect a President , you support he , no matter what he do . that 's the only way you can have a country ! woodly it 's the planet that 's in ghastly trouble now and all we brother and sister thereon . shuttle none of my relative be chinese Communists . speak for yourself . woodly chinese maniac and Russian maniac and american maniac and french maniac and british maniac have turn this lovely , moist , nourishing blue-green ball into a doomsday device . let a radar set and a computer mistake a hawk or a meteor for a missile , and that 's the end of mankind . shuttle you can believe that if you want . I talk to guy like you , and I want to commit suicide . ( to paul ) you get that weight - lift set I send you ? paul it come yesterday . I have not open it yet . woodly ( musingly , attempt to find the idea acceptable , even funny , in a way ) maybe it 's suppose to end now . maybe God would not have it any other way . shuttle ( to paul ) start with the smallest weight . every week add a pound or two . woodly maybe God have let everybody who ever live be reborn -- so he or she can see how it end . even pithecanthropus erectus and australopithecus and sinanthropus pekensis and the neanderthaler be back on Earth - - to see how it end . they be all on Times Square -- make change for peepshow . or recruiting Marines . shuttle ( to paul ) you ever hear the story about the boy who carry a calf around the barn every day ? woodly he die of a massive rupture . shuttle you think you be so funny . you be not even funny . ( to paul ) right ? right ? you do not hurt yourself if you start out slow . woodly you be prepare he for a career in the slaughterhouse of dubuque ? ( to paul ) take care of you body , yes ! but do not become a bender of horseshoe and railroad spike . do not become obsessed by you musculature . any one of this poor , dead animal here be a thousand time the athlete you can ever hope to be . they magic be in they muscle . you magic be in you brain ! penelope enter from the bedroom , dress for the fight . she wear barbaric jewelry harold give she year ago , a jaguar-skin coat over she shoulder . penelope ( brightly ) gentlemen ! be this right for a fight ? it 's be so long . shuttle beautiful ! I have never see that coat . penelope Seven jaguar ' skin , I be tell . harold shot every one . shall we go ? woodly ( sick about the slain jaguar ) oh no ! wear a coat of cotton -- wear a coat of wool . penelope what ? woodly wear a coat of domestic mink . for the love of God , though , penelope , do not lightheartedly advertise that the last of the jaguar die for you . shuttle she 's my date tonight . what do you want she to do -- bring the poor old jaguar back to life with a bicycle pump ? bugger off ! ask Paul what he think . ( to paul ) you mother look beautiful -- right ? ( paul pointedly decline to answer ) kid ? ( paul walk away from he ) do not you mother look nice ? ( he go to paul , wonder what be wrong ) Paul ? paul ( smolderingly ) I do not care what she wear . shuttle something 's make you sore . paul do not worry about it . shuttle you bet I will worry about it . I say something wrong ? paul ( close to angry tear ) it 's my father 's birthday - - that 's all . ( face everybody , raise he voice ) that 's all . who care about that ? shuttle ( horrify , raise he hand to swear a oath ) I have not the slight inkling . ( to penelope , feel betrayed ) why do not you say so ? paul ( bitterly ) she do not care ! she 's not marry any more ! she 's go to have fun ! ( to penelope ) I hope you have so much fun you can hardly stand it . ( to woodly ) Dr. woodly -- I hope you make up even better joke about my father than the one you have say so far . shuttle ( reach out for paul ) kid--kid -- paul ( to shuttle ) and I wish you would quit touch I all the time . it drive I nut ! shuttle ( reach out again ) what 's this ? paul ( recoil ) do not ! shuttle ( aghast ) you sure misunderstand something -- and we would better get it straight . paul explain it to they . I be bugging out of here . he grab a jacket from a chair . shuttle be in he way . paul do not touch I . get out of the way . shuttle Men can touch other man , and it do not mean a thing . have not you ever see football player after they have win the superbowl ? penelope ( to paul ) where will you be ? paul anywhere but here . I would just sit here and cry about the way my father 's be forget . shuttle I worship you father . that stuff alligator you mother give I -- the one he shot ? it 's the proudest thing in my apartment . paul ( at the door ) everybody talk about how rotten kid act . grownup can be pretty rotten , too . he exit through front door , slam it . shuttle ( heartbroken ) kid--kid -- woodly it 's good . let he go . shuttle if he would just come out for the Little League , the way I ask he , he would find out we touch all the time -- shove each other , slug each other , and just horse around . I be go to go get he -- woodly do not ! let he have all the privacy he want . let he grieve , let he rage . there have never be a funeral for he father . penelope I never know when to hold it -- or who to ask , or what to say . woodly tonight 's the night . shuttle if he would just get into scout , and camp out some , and see how everybody roughhouses around the fire -- woodly what a beautiful demonstration this be of the utter necessity of rite of passage . shuttle I feel like I have be double - cross . ( to penelope , peevishly ) if you would just tell I it be harold 's birthday -- penelope what then ? shuttle we could have have some kind of birthday party for he . we could have take Paul to the fight with we . woodly minor be not allow at fight . shuttle then we would stay home and eat venison or something , and look through the scrapbook . I have get a friend who have a whole freezer full of stripe bass and caribou meat . ( go to the front door ) I be go to bring that boy back . he exit through front door . woodly ( go to penelope ) this be very good for we . penelope it be ? woodly the wilder Paul be tonight , the calmer he will be tomorrow . penelope as long as he keep out of the park . woodly after this explosion , I think , he will be able to accept the fact that he mother be go to marry again . penelope the only thing I ever tell he about life be , " keep out of the park after the sun go down . " woodly we have get to dump shuttle . ( point to the vacuum cleaner ) he bring he vacuum cleaner on date ? penelope that 's the xke . woodly the what ? penelope it 's a experimental model . he do not dare leave it in he car , for fear it will fall into the hand of competition . woodly what kind of a life be that ? penelope he tell I one time what the proudest moment of he life be . he make Eagle scout when he be twenty - nine year old . ( cling to he suddenly ) oh , norbert - - promise I that Paul have not go into the park ! woodly ( pause ) if you warn he against it as much as you say , it 's almost a certainty . penelope ( petrify ) no ! oh no ! Three people murder in there in the last six week ! the police will not even go in there any more . woodly I wish Paul luck . penelope it 's suicide ! woodly I would be dead by now if that be the case . penelope meaning ? woodly every night , penelope , for the past two year , I have make it a point to walk through the park at midnight . penelope why would you do that ? woodly to show myself how brave I be . the issue 's in doubt , you know -- since I be always for peace -- penelope I be amaze . woodly I , too . I know something not even the police know -- what 's in the park at midnight . nothing . or , when I be in there , there 's I in there . fear and nobody and I . penelope and maybe Paul . what about the murderer ? they be in there ! woodly they do not murder I . penelope Paul 's only twelve year old . woodly he can make the sound of human footstep -- which be a terrifying sound . penelope we have get to rescue he . woodly if he be in the park , luck be all that can save he now , and there 's plenty of that . penelope he 's not you son . woodly no . but he 's go to be . if he be in the park and he come out safely on the other side , I can say to he , " you and I be the only man with ball enough to walk through the park at midnight . " ( pause ) on that we can build . penelope it 's a jungle out there . woodly that 's be say before . penelope he would go to a movie . I think that 's what he would do . if I be sure he be in a movie , I could stop worry . we could have he page . lion doorbell roar . woodly I hate that thing . he open the door , admit shuttle , who carry a bakery box . penelope do you see he ? shuttle yeah . penelope be he all right ? shuttle Far as I know . penelope be he come home ? shuttle he ditch I . he start run , and I start run , then he lose I in the park . penelope the park ! shuttle it 's dark in there . penelope and that 's where he be ! shuttle I figure he duck in one place and duck out another . penelope ( disgust with he ) you figure ! shuttle then I see this bakery store that be still open , so I buy a birthday cake . penelope a what ? shuttle for harold . when Paul come home , we can have some birthday cake . penelope how nice . shuttle they have this cake somebody else have not pick up . it say , " happy birthday , somebody else . " woodly " happy birthday , wanda June ! " shuttle we can take off the " wanda June " with a butter knife . penelope do you talk to Paul ? shuttle before he start to run . he say he father carry a key to this apartment around he neck -- and someday we would all hear the sound of that key in the door . penelope we have get to find he . ( prepare to exit through front door ) I want you to show I exactly where you see he last . ( to woodly ) and you stay here , norbert , in case he come home . ( to shuttle ) that 's all he say -- the thing about the key ? shuttle he say one other thing . it be not very nice . penelope what be it ? shuttle he tell I to take a fly fuck at the moon . blackout . scene three darkness . light come up on live room . woodly be alone , asleep on the couch . harold let himself and looseleaf in through the front door -- quietly . harold have a full beard and a paunch . looseleaf be skinnier . he have a handlebar moustache . both wear new sport clothes and smoke expensive cigar . harold be calm . looseleaf be nervous , confuse . they prowl the room cautiously , check this and that . harold awaken woodly by play with he foot . woodly ( startle ) ooops . harold ( to looseleaf , very amused ) ooops . woodly can I -- uh -- help you gentleman ? harold ( move downstage , feel at home ) gentlemen - - that 's nice . woodly ( to looseleaf ) you startle I . looseleaf yeah . we just get here . woodly I think you might be burglar -- but you be not , I hope . looseleaf nope. ( idiotically , incapable of deception ) I get a lot of stuff . woodly ( look at he closely ) you do ? harold the door ws unlock . be it always unlock ? woodly it 's always lock . harold but here you be inside , be not you ? woodly you be - - you be old friend of harold Ryan ? harold we try to be . we try to be . woodly he 's dead , you know . harold Dead ! such a final word . Dead ! ( to looseleaf ) do you hear that ? looseleaf yup . telephone ring . woodly answer , keep he eye on the bizarre guest . woodly hello ? oh--hello , mother . harold ( to looseleaf ) hello , mother . woodly ... who ?... do she say how far apart the pain be ?... when be that ?... oh dear . harold oh dear . woodly call she back -- tell she to head for the hospital . tell the hospital to expect she . I will leave right now . he hang up , face the intruder . woodly look -- I be sorry -- I have to go . harold we will miss you so . woodly look -- this be not my apartment , and there be not anybody else here . Mrs. Ryan will not be home for a while . harold oh , oh , oh -- I think it be you apartment . you seem at home here . woodly I be a neighbor . I have the apartment across the hall . I have to go to the hospital now . a emergency . harold be unstir . woodly I mean -- I can not leave you here . you will have to go . I will tell Mrs. Ryan you be here . you can come back later . harold ahh -- then she 's still alive . woodly she 's fine . please -- harold and still Mrs. harold Ryan ? woodly will you please go ? a emergency ! harold she still have just the one child -- the boy ? he move slowly toward the front door , with woodly try to hustle he and looseleaf out . woodly yes ! yes ! the boy ! one boy ! harold ( stop ) and what , exactly , be you relationship to Mrs. Ryan ? woodly neighbor ! Doctor ! I live across the hall . harold and you come into Mrs. Ryan 's apartment as often as you please , look into various health matter ? woodly yes ! please ! you have get to get out right now ! harold move a little more , stop again . harold just she neighbor and doctor ? that 's all ? woodly ( at the end of he patience , blurt ) and she fiancé ! harold ( delighted ) and she fiancé ! how nice . I hope you will be very happy -- or be that what one say to the woman ? woodly I have get to run ! he turn out the overhead light . harold you wish the woman good luck , and you tell the man how fortunate he be . that 's how it go . woodly ( hold open the front door ) I have literally get to run ! harold I will not try to keep up with you . I be not as fast on my foot as I once be . all three exit . a moment later , harold let himself and looseleaf in again with a key . he turn on the light again , roam the room , reacquaint himself with he beloved trophy . looseleaf be jangle by the adventure . harold chuck a lioness under she chin . harold miss I , baby ? looseleaf I dunno , boy . harold hm ? looseleaf it 's a bitch . harold ( quietly ) a bitch . looseleaf do not recognize you . harold we have never meet . looseleaf I wonder who will recognize we first ? they will wet they pants . harold I hope the man do . I would rather the woman do not . looseleaf I be gonna wet my pants . he laugh idiotically . harold ( look around himself ) Home , sweet home . looseleaf one thing , anyway - - at least penelope do not throw out all you crap . I bet Alice throw out all my crap after I would be go a week . harold we will see . harold , who want to savor the early moment of he homecome alone , now try to get the very jumpy looseleaf out of the apartment . harold it appear that we be go to have to wait awhile for any more action here , Colonel . why do not you run on home while the evening 's young . looseleaf Home . jesus. ( make he hand tremble ) I be like this . Home ! harold Home be important to a man . looseleaf you know what get I ? harold ( absently ) no. looseleaf how all the magazine show tit today . harold um . looseleaf use to be against the law , do not it ? harold ( feed up with looseleaf ) I suppose . looseleaf ( make no move to leave ) must have change that law . silence , while harold attempt to be alone , even though looseleaf be still present . harold ( thoughtfully hefting a broadsword , admire its balance and strength ) Home . looseleaf you know what get I ? harold do not respond . looseleaf you know what get I ? harold ( to himself ) oh , shit . looseleaf ( find enough encouragement in this ) how everybody say " fuck " and " shit " all the time . I use to be scared shitless I would say " fuck " or " shit " in public , by accident . now everybody say " fuck " and " shit , " " fuck " and " shit " all the time . something very big must have happen while we be out of the country . harold ( flatly ) looseleaf -- will you get the hell home ? looseleaf at least we find the diamond . harold at least ! looseleaf I would really feel stupid if we do not bring anything back home . harold it 's enough that you have bring yourself home ! looseleaf I wish you would tell Alice that . and that goddamn Mrs. wheeler . harold ( hotly ) tell they yourself ! looseleaf you do not know my mother - in - law , boy . harold after eight year in the jungle with you , I know Mrs . wheeler better than I know anybody in the universe ! looseleaf I do not tell you everything . harold the time we be in a tree for fourteen day , you certainly try to tell I everything about Mrs. wheeler . looseleaf I do not even scratch the surface . you be lucky , boy . you come home , and nobody 's here . when I go home , everybody 's go to be there . harold this room be full of ghost . looseleaf you be lucky , boy . my house be gonna be fill with people . harold ignore this , attempt to savor the ghost in the room . looseleaf you know what get I ? harold go home ! looseleaf thank God we find the fuck diamond ! harold the hell with the diamond ! looseleaf you be rich before . this be the first time I be ever rich . harold go home ! show they how rich you be for a change ! looseleaf can I have the cadillac ? harold take the cadillac and drive it off a cliff , for all I care . looseleaf what will you do for transportation ? harold I will buy a hundred more cadillac . go home ! looseleaf you know what get I about that cadillac ? harold go home ! looseleaf when I drive it , I feel like I be in the middle of a great big wad of bubblegum . I do not hear anything , I do not feel anything . I figure somebody else be drive . it 's a bitch . harold go home . looseleaf I be liable to find anything ! harold that 's the point ! walk in there and find whatever there be to find -- before Alice can cover it up . looseleaf I know , I know . I dunno . at least she 's in the same house . sure be spooky , look in the window there , and there she be . harold so long , Colonel . looseleaf you know what get I ? harold ( take hold of looseleaf and steering he to the front door ) let 's talk about it some other time . looseleaf how short the skirt be . harold ( open the door ) good night , Colonel . it 's be beautiful . looseleaf something very important about sex must have happen while we be go . harold shove he out of the apartment and shut the door . harold start to roam the room again , but the lion doorbell roar . harold ( go to the door ) Hell ! harold open the door . looseleaf come in . looseleaf you know what get I ? that guy who go to the moon ! to the moon , boy ! harold leave I alone ! after eight year of horrendously close association , the time have come to part ! I crave solitude and time for reflection -- and then a reunion in privacy with my own flesh and blood . you and I may not meet again for month ! looseleaf month ? harold I be certainly not go to come horn back into you life tomorrow , and I will not welcome you horn back into mine . a chapter have end . we be old comrade -- at a parting of the way . looseleaf ( bleakly , shrugging ) I be lonesome already . he exit . harold ( roam the room again ) the moon . the new heroism -- put a village idiot into a pressure cooker , seal it up tight , and shoot he at the moon . ( to he portrait ) hello there , young man . in case you be wonder , I could beat the shit out of you . and any woman choose between we -- sorry , kid , she would choose I . ( pleased with the room ) I must say , this room be very much as I leave it . ( see the cake ) what 's this ? a cake ? " happy birthday , wanda June " ? who the hell be wanda June ? blackout . scene four music indicate happiness , innocence , and weightlessness . spotlight come up on wanda JUNE , a lisping eight - year - old in a starch party dress . she be as cute as shirley Temple . wanda JUNE hello . I be wanda June . today be go to be my birthday , but I be hit by a ice- cream truck before I could have my party . I be dead now . I be in Heaven . that be why my parent do not pick up the cake at the bakery . I be not mad at the ice-cream truck driver , even though he be drunk when he hit I . it do not hurt much . it be not even as bad as the sting of a bumblebee . I be really happy here ! it 's so much fun . I be glad the driver be drunk . if he have not be , I might not have get to Heaven for year and year and year . I would have have to go to high school first , and then beauty college . I would have have to get marry and have baby and everything . now I can just play and play and play . any time I want any pink cotton candy I can have some . everybody up here be happy -- the animal and the dead soldier and people who go to the electric chair and everything . they be all glad for whatever send they here . nobody be mad . we be all too busy play shuffleboard . so if you think of kill somebody , do not worry about it . just go ahead and do it . whoever you do it to should kiss you for do it . the soldier up here just love the shrapnel and the tank and the bayonet and the dum dum that let they play shuffleboard all the time -- and drink beer . spotlight begin to dim and carnival music on a steam calliope begin to intrude , until , at the end of the speech , wanda JUNE be drown out and the stage be black . wanda JUNE we have merry - go-round that do not cost anything to ride on . we have ferris wheel . we have Little League and girl ' basketball . there 's a drum and bugle corps anybody can join . for people who like golf , there be a par-three golf course and a drive range , with never any wait . if you just want to sit and loaf , why that 's all right , too . gourmet specialty be cook to you order and serve at any time of night or day ... sudden silence . woody woodpecker voice ha ha ha ha ha ! ( pistol shot ) you get I , pal . silence . spotlight come up on looseleaf harper , who wear the clothes he will wear in the next scene - - new sport clothes , a shirt open at the neck . as always , he be friendly and embarrassed . looseleaf when penelope ask I to say something about drop the bomb on nagasaki , I do not give a very good answer , I guess . it 's a very complicated question . Jesus - - you know ? you have to explain what it 's like to be in the Air Force and how they give you you order and all that . what it feel like to be in a plane , what the world look like down there . after I get home from the war , the minister of my church ask I if I would speak to a scout troop that meet in the church basement . so I do . they meet on Thursday night . I use to belong to that troop . I never make Eagle scout . but you know something ? it 's a very strange kind of kid that make Eagle scout . they always seem so lonesome , like they would work real hard to get a job nobody else care about . they get a whole bunch of merit badge . that 's how you get to be a Eagle scout . I do not think I have over five or six merit badge . the only one I remember be Public Health . that be a bitch . the Boy scout manual say I be suppose to find out what my town do about sewage . Jesus , they just dumped it all in sugar Creek . ( laugh idiotically ) sugar Creek ! that be a long time ago , but it 's all come back to I now . there be another merit badge you could get for roller skate . there use to be a roller rink at a bend in sugar Creek , up above where the sewage go in . I get in a fight there one time . I have on roller skate , and the guy I be fight have on basketball shoe . he have a tremendous advantage over I . he be a little guy , but he beat the shit out of I . I have to laugh like hell . do not ever fight a guy when you have get on roller skate . ( silence ) Jesus -- I remember my mother use to make I chew bananas for a full minute before I swallow -- so I would not get sick . make you wonder what else you parent tell you that be not true . blackout . scene five spotlight come up on harold . he sit on the front seat of a imaginary car . the seat be cover with zebra skin . harold the night I meet penelope , I have no beard -- so imagine I , if you can , without a beard . actually , I be not as good - look then as I be now . and , if anything , I health have improve . at any rate -- I have just come home from kenya - - to discover that my third wife , mild , like the two before she , have become a drunken bum . in my experience , alcoholism be far more prevalent among woman than man . so I get into my automobile -- he pantomime turn the ignition key . the sound of a starter and a powerful engine respond . he pantomime put the car in gear and drive away from the curb . appropriate sound be hear . harold I drive through the night , until I be attract by a sign which say -- spotlight come up on penelope , who wear a skimpy carhop outfit she have have on under she coat in the previous scene . harold " hamburger Heaven . " penelope Heaven . harold pantomime swerving into hamburger Heaven . tire squeal . he pantomime a stop , kill the engine . he blow he imaginary horn . a real horn blow the bugle call for " charge . " penelope cross to harold . penelope can I help you , sir ? harold I think so , daughter . how old be you ? penelope eighteen -- ( pause ) and a half . harold a springbok , a oryx , a gemsbok - - a gazelle . penelope Sir ? harold Raw hamburger , please -- and a whole onion . I want to eat the onion like a apple . do you understand ? penelope yes , sir . ( to the audience ) it be a very unusual automobile . it be a cadillac , but it have water buffalo horn where the bumper should be . ( to harold ) and what to drink ? harold what time do you get off work , my child ? penelope I be sorry , sir , I be engage to be marry . my boyfriend would be mad if I go out with another man . harold do you ever daydream that you would one day meet a friendly millionaire ? penelope I be engage . harold daughter -- I love you very much . penelope you do not even know I . harold you be woman . I know woman well . penelope this be crazy . harold destiny often seem that way . you be go to marry I . penelope what do you do for a live ? harold my parent die in a automobile accident when I be sixteen year old . they leave I a brewery and a baseball team -- and other thing . I live for a live . I have just come back from kenya -- in Africa . I have be hunt mau mau there . penelope some kind of animal ? harold the pelt be black . it 's a kind of man . blackout . scene six curtain rise on empty live room . paul let himself in with a key . paul Mom ? ( silence ) herb ? ( silence ) Dr. woodly ? ( advance into room uneasily ) hello ? ( see the cake ) a cake ? who 's wanda June ? harold enter quietly from the kitchen , hold a can of beer . paul anybody home ? harold as a matter of fact -- paul ( nearly jump out of he skin ) Sir ? harold as a matter of fact -- I be home . paul ( think harold may be a burglar ) hello . harold ( simply ) hello . paul be you -- his voice fail he . harold ( hope to be recognize ) you be about to ask a question ? paul be you -- do you -- harold ask it ! paul ( blurt ) do you know who wanda June be ? harold life have deny I that thrill . paul do you mind if I ask who you be ? harold mind ? ( aside ) God , yes , I mind . ( to paul ) I be you father 's friend . a man claim to be the family physician let I in a while ago . paul Dr. woodly . harold Dr. woodly . I should make a little list . paul be anybody besides you here now ? harold the doctor be call away on a emergency . I think it be birth . paul where 's Mom ? harold you do not know where you mother be ? do she put on a short skirt and go drink all night ? paul she go to the fight with herb shuttle , I guess . harold you think you could find I a pencil and paper ? paul I will see . he rummages through a drawer . harold and you have be roam the street while you mother be god-know - where ? paul I be go to a funny movie , but I change my mind . if you be depressed , laugh do not help much . ( give harold pencil and paper ) when do you know my father ? harold man and boy . paul everybody say he be so brave . harold even this -- " herb shuttle " , you say ? paul he worship Father . harold ( pleased ) ah ! and what sort of man be this worshiper ? paul he 's a vacuum cleaner salesman . harold ( deflate ) I see. ( recover ) and he come into the apartment one day , to demonstrate he ware , and you mother , as it happen , be charmingly en deshabille -- paul she meet he at college . harold ( startle ) College ! paul they be in the same creative write class . harold College ? paul she have a master 's degree in English literature . harold what a pity ! educate a beautiful woman be like pour honey into a fine swiss watch . everything stop . ( pause ) and the doctor ? he worship you father , too ? paul he insult he all the time . harold ( delighted ) excellent ! paul what 's good about that ? harold it make life spicy . paul he do not do it in front of I , but he do it with mother. ( indicate harold 's portrait ) you know what he call Father one time ? harold no . paul " harold , the patron Saint of taxidermy . " harold ( measure he opponent ) what do he do -- of a athletic nature ? paul nothing . he play a violin in a doctor ' quartet . harold aha ! he have a brilliant military record , I be sure . paul he be a stretcher - bearer in the Korean war. ( pause ) be you in a war with Father ? harold Big one , little one , teeny - weeny one -- just and otherwise . paul tell I some true storey about dad . harold ( unused to the word ) " dad ? " ( accept it ) dad. ( to himself ) the boy want tale of derring - do . name a country . paul England ? harold ( disgust ) oh hell . paul dad be never in England ? harold behind a desk for a little while . ( contemptuously ) a desk ! they have he plan air raid . a city can not flee like a coward or fight like a man , and the choice between flee and fight be at the core of the life of harold Ryan . there be only one thing he enjoy more than watch someone make that choice , and that be make the choice himself . ask about Spain , where he be the youngest soldier in the abraham lincoln Brigade . he be a famous sniper . they call he " La picadura " - - " the sting . " paul ( echoing wonderingly ) " the sting . " harold as in " death , where be thy sting ? " he kill at least fifty man , wounded hundred more . paul ( slightly dismay at such murderousness ) " the sting . " harold ask about the time he and I be parachute into Yugoslavia to join a guerrilla band -- in the war against the Nazis . paul tell I that . harold I see you father fight Major siegfry von konigswald , the Beast of Yugoslavia , hand to hand . paul ( he excitement rise ) tell I that ! tell I that ! harold hid by day -- fight by night . at sunset one day , you father and I , peer through field glass , see a black mercede draw up to a village inn . it be escort by two motorcyclist and a armored car . out of the mercede step one of the most hateful man in all of history -- the Beast of Yugoslavia . paul wow . harold we black we hand and face . at midnight we creep out of the forest and into the village . the name of the village be mhravitch . remember that name ! paul mhravitch . harold we come up behind a sentry , and you father slit he throat before he could utter a sound . paul ( involuntarily ) uck. harold do not care for cold steel ? a knife be worse than a bullet ? paul I do not know . harold the story get hairier . should I stop ? paul go on . harold we catch another kraut alone in a back lane . you father choke he to death with a length of piano wire . you father be quite a virtuoso with piano wire . that 's nicer than a knife , be not it -- as long as you do not look at the face afterwards . the face turn a curious shade of avocado . I must ask the doctor why that be . at any rate , we steal into the back of the inn , and , with the permission of the management , we poison the wine of six kraut who be carouse there . paul where do you get the poison ? harold we carry cyanide capsule . we be suppose to swallow they in case we be capture . it be you father 's opinion that the kraut need they more than we do at the time . paul and one of they be the Beast of Yugoslavia ? harold the Beast be upstairs , and he come run downstairs , for he man be make loud farewell and last will and testament -- editorializing about the hospitality they have receive . and you father say to he in perfect german , which he have learn in the Spanish Civil War , " Major , something tragic seem to have happen to you bodyguard . I be harold Ryan , of the United States of America . you , I believe , be the Beast of Yugoslavia . " blackout . scene seven silence . pitch blackness . the sound of a Nazi rally come up slowly : " sieg Heil ! sieg Heil ! sieg Heil ! " spotlight come up on major siegfried von konigswald , and officer in the dread ss . he be in full ceremonial uniform . the sound fade . von konigswald ( sadly , resignedly , remember ) ja ja . ja ja. ( pause ) I be Major siegfry von konigswald . they use to call I " the Beast of Yugoslavia , " on account of all the people I have torture and shot -- and hang . we would bop them on the head . we would hook them up to the electricity . we would stick them with hypodermic syringe full of all kind of stuff . one time we kill a guy with orange juice . there be a train wreck , and two of the freight car be load with orange , so we have ocean of orange juice . it be a joke -- how much orange juice we have . and we be interrogate a guy one day , and he would not talk , and the next thing I know -- somebody 's fill up this big syringe with orange juice . ( pause ) there be a guerrilla war go on . you could not tell who be a guerrilla and who be not . even if you get one , it be still a civilian you get . telling Americans what a guerrilla war be like -- that 's coal to newcastle . how do you like that for idiomatic English ? " coal to newcastle . " ( laugh ) that harold Ryan -- he say he speak to I in perfect german ? he talk german like my ass chew gum . I be glad to hear the wonderful thing he say before he kill I . I sure do not understand it the first time around . I figure he be a lithuanian or something , which will give you a idea of how wrong you can be . all I know be he be very proud about something , and he have a machine pistol , and it be aim at I . the wood be full of all kind of nut who be proud of some damn thing or other , and they all have gun . they be always look for revenge . you find a way to bottle revenge -- that 's the end of schnapp und coca-cola . ( pause ) harold Ryan say he kill maybe two hundred guy . I kill a hundred time that many , I bet . that 's still peanut , of course , compare to what that crazy looseleaf do . harold and I -- we be do it the hard way . I hope the record book will show that . there should be a little star or something by the name of the guy who do it the hard way . ( pause ) I be up in Heaven now , like that little wanda June kid . I be not hit by no ice-cream truck . harold Ryan kill I with he bare hand . he be good . my eye pop out . my tongue stick out like a red banana . I shit in my pants . it be a mess . ( pause ) when I get up on the day I die , I say , " what a beautiful day this be . what a beautiful part of the world . " the whole planet be beautiful . up here I meet guy from other planet . ( laugh ) we get some really crazy - look guy up here . they planet be not anywhere near as nice as Earth . they have cloud all the time . they never see a clear blue sky . they never see snow . they never see a ocean . they have some little lake , but you could not go swim in they . the lake be acid . you go swim , you dissolve . we get some guy up here who get shove in they lake . they dissolve . ( pause ) harold Ryan stop talk german to I there in Yugoslavia . he switch to English , so I finally get some kind of idea what he be so burn up about . he want revenge for the guy we kill with orange juice . I do not know how he ever find out about it . there be just three of we there when we do it -- I and two regular military doctor . somebody who clean up afterwards must have squeale . if I would live through the war , and they try I for war crime and all that , I would have to tell the court , I guess , " I be only follow order , as a good soldier should . Hitler tell I to kill this guy with orange juice . " blackout . scene EIGHT darkness . light come up on live room . harold have just finish tell he true war story to paul . harold mhravitch . remember that name . paul mhravitch . harold the name will live forever . it be there that harold Ryan slew the Beast of Yugoslavia . mhravitch . paul when I grow up , I be go to go to mhravitch . harold it 's rather a disappointment this day . it be not there any more . paul Sir ? harold the Germans shot everybody who live there , then levele it , plow it , plant turnip and cabbage in the fertile ground . they wish revenge for the slay of the Beast of Yugoslavia . to they twisted way of think , you father have butcher a Eagle scout. ( abruptly ) play lot of contact sport ? paul I want to go out for football , but Mom be afraid I would get hurt . harold you be suppose to get hurt ! paul Dr. woodly say he 's see hundred of child permanently injure by football . he say that when there 's a war , everybody go but football player . harold do it bother you to have you mother engage to a man like that ? paul they be not engage . harold he seem to think they be . he tell I that be . paul oh no , no , no , no , no . it can not be . how embarrassing . harold ( unexpectedly move ) you be a very good boy to respond that way . paul no , no , no , no , no . harold I would like to use the sanitary facility , if I may . paul go ahead . ( as harold exit ) no , no , no , no . penelope and shuttle enter through front door . they be tremendously relieved to see paul . paul thank God ! shuttle what a relief ! penelope ( go to paul ) my baby 's safe ! paul angrily avoid she touch . penelope what 's the matter now ? shuttle we get a birthday cake , kid . do you see the cake ? paul be you and Dr. woodly engage ? penelope ( stunne ) who have you be talk to ? paul what difference do that make ? be Dr. woodly go to be my father now ? pause . penelope yes , he be . paul ( a stifle , gargle cry ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! shuttle ( sick ) that go double for I . paul I do not want to live any more . shuttle I feel like I want to yell my head off -- just yell anything . ( yell ) bulllllllllllllll-dickey ! paul I will kill myself . shuttle the wife of harold Ryan be go to marry a pansy next ? this be the end of western civilization as far as I be concerned . you must be crazy as a fruitcake . penelope possibly . shuttle how long have this be go on ? penelope a week . we be wait for the right time to -- shuttle I feel as though I have be make a perfect chump of . penelope I be sorry . shuttle marry I instead . penelope thank you , herb . you be a wonderful man . you really be . everybody respects you for what you have do for scout and the Little League . shuttle you be say no . penelope I be say no -- and thank you . shuttle I do not make my move fast enough . that 's it , be not it ? I be too respectful . penelope you be wonderful . shuttle what 's so wonderful if I lose the sale ? ( turn to paul ) you poor kid . paul do not touch I . shuttle would not you rather have you mother marry I than he ? paul no . shuttle ( move dazedly toward the front door ) all my dream have suddenly collapse . ( pause ) we do have a lot of laugh together , penelope . penelope it 's true . shuttle well -- it be nice while it last . thanks for the memory . he exit . silence . a toilet flush loudly and complicatedly . penelope be norbert still here ? paul no . penelope then who flushed the toilet ? paul Father 's friend . penelope what 's he name ? paul do not know . penelope for Heaven 's sake ! harold enter , still adjust he trousers . penelope how do you do ? harold how do you do , Mrs. Ryan ? I would hear you be beautiful , and so you be . be I intrude here ? penelope not at all . harold I could not help overhear that you be about to get marry again . penelope have now recognize he , but attempt to protect herself from shock by pretend that she have not . penelope we family physician have ask I to marry he . Paul need the guidance and companionship that only a man can give . he be not at all like harold . but then again , I be not the woman I be eight year ago . she slump into a chair , bury she face in she hand . paul Mom ? penelope ( point weakly ) that man be you father . paul what ? penelope there stand the loin from which you have sprung . paul I do not get it . penelope it be you , be not it , harold ? harold ( enjoy the drama hugely ) yes , wife , it be . ( to paul ) come here , boy . you father be home . paul Sir ? penelope go to he . paul go to harold dazedly . they embrace clumsily . harold paul Son , son , son ... Father , father , father ... they part , unsatisfy and confuse . harold go to penelope , he arm outstretch . harold wife , wife , wife ... penelope struggle to she foot , she face blank . harold embrace she , find himself wrestle with a rigid , unresponsive object . harold wife , wife , wife ... harold let go , back away from she . harold what 's the matter ? penelope ( tearful ) give we time . harold like hugging a lamp post . penelope give we time , harold - - to adjust to you be alive . harold you be well adjust to my be dead ? penelope we adjust to what there be to adjust to . perhaps Paul , be young , can adjust to joy or grief immediately . I hope he can . I will take a little longer . I will be as quick as I can . harold what sort of time period do you have in mind ? half a hour ? a hour ? penelope I do not know . this be a new disease to I . harold Disease ? penelope situation . harold this reunion be not what I imagine it would be . penelope a telegram - - a phone call might have help . harold seem the most honest way to begin life together again -- natural , unrehearse . penelope well -- enjoy the natural , honest , unrehearse result -- surgical shock . harold you feel that you be behave as a woman should ? penelope every fuse in my nervous system have be blow . lion doorbell roar . penelope who 's that ? teddy Roosevelt ? paul answer the door , admit woodly . woodly ( to paul ) safe and sound , I see. ( to harold ) oh -- you come back . harold I come back . penelope you know each other ? woodly we meet here earlier this evening . penelope how neat . how keen . harold how be the emergency , Doctor ? profitable , I hope . woodly a policeman deliver the baby in a taxicab . harold tough luck . you will have to split the fee . woodly ( puzzle by penelope 's mood ) be - - be you cry , penelope ? harold she 's cry because she 's so happy . penelope that 's why I be cry . paul Dr. woodly ? ( indicate harold ) you know who this be ? woodly I do not get he name . a friend of you father ? paul he be not any friend of Father . woodly he be not ? paul he be my father . woodly no ! penelope eeeeeeeeeeee - yup . Dr. woodly -- I would like you to meet harold , my husband . harold , this be Dr. woodly , my fiancé . she cross to the door of the master bedroom , kissing each male lightly as she pass . penelope good night , dear . good night , dear . she stand in the doorway . penelope stay or go , talk or sulk , laugh or cry -- as you wish . do whatever seem call for . my mind be go . good night . she exit into bedroom , close the door firmly , lock it audibly . woodly ( dazedly ) I feel the same way . what next ? harold what next ? you leave promptly , of course . there be no question as to whose home this be -- woodly none . harold whose son this be , whose wife that be . a fiancé be the most ridiculous appurtenance this household could have at this time . good night . woodly ( crush , without any possible comeback ) good night . he exit through the front door . harold go at once to penelope 's door , try it , find it lock . harold penelope ! God damn it ! penelope ! he consider kick down the door , think better of this , turn away . harold want to fix up she makeup , no doubt . paul be looseleaf harper alive ? harold alive and hale . he 's throw a little surprise party for he own family . be you mother often this unstable ? ( not wait for a answer , call again ) penelope ! paul she 's a real heavy sleeper sometimes . harold why do not you go to bed -- son . paul I can not take my eye off you . harold tomorrow 's another day . paul you know what my English literature teacher say about you ? harold can not it keep till morning ? paul she say you be legendary . I write a theme about you , and she say , " you father be a legendary hero out of the Golden Age of heroes . " harold that 's nice . you thank she for I . go to bed and get lot of sleep , and then you thank she in the morning . paul tomorrow 's Saturday . anyway , she 's dead . harold penelope ! paul she be kill in the park two month ago -- in the daytime . harold penelope ! paul she be on she way home from a meeting of the African violet Society , and they get she . harold ( sharply ) will you go to bed ? paul ( stung ) yes sir . if you can not wake Mom up , I have get double - decker bunk . harold ( stamp he foot ) scat ! paul exit hastily down the corridor to he room . harold go to penelope 's door , attempt to woo she through it . harold penelope -- darling -- can you hear I ? wife -- you know what keep I alive all this fevere , swampy , nightmare year ? you heavenly face , penelope , my wife -- shimmer before I , coax I up from my knee , begging I to stagger one step closer to home . have love ever reach so far ? have love ever overcome more hardship than mine ? ( silence ) have love ever ask more manliness of a man , more womanliness of a woman ? have ever a man do more for a woman 's reward ? the bedroom door open , revealing penelope . penelope ( hollowly , to the world at large ) there be no one in here of any earthly use to anyone tonight . tomorrow be another day . she close the door and lock it . harold ( to audience ) end of Act one . blackout . act two scene one darkness . paul , alone in the live room , hammer on he mother 's door . he wear pajamas . paul Mom ! mother ! Mom ! toilet flush . light come up on the live room . it be morning . paul dad 's get jungle fever , Mom . what will I do ? Mom ! harold ( a moment of exhaustion ) damn . paul Mom ? door to the master bedroom suite open . penelope appear in the doorway . she have decide during a almost sleepless night that she owe it to paul and to she own self - respect to explore the possibility of beginning she life with harold anew . she be terrify of he . she hope that if she can keep calm and open , she fear will diminish . perhaps she can love he again . penelope ( attempt to behave mechanically as a good wife should ) what be he symptom ? paul shiver and sweat and groan . his tooth chatter . what will we do ? penelope what do he say to do ? paul he can hardly talk . harold ( respond to a last twinge of nausea ) bluh . penelope you would better get Dr. woodly . paul really ? penelope it be a emergency , be not it ? paul ( uncertainly ) yeah . penelope then get he . paul ( think she have make a mistake ) okay . he exit through front door , leave door open . we hear he knock on a door in the hallway . paul Dr. woodly ? harold enter , drain but recover . he chew on a root . he have sleep in the shirt and trousers he wear the night before . he be barefoot . paul knock again . paul Dr. woodly ? there be the sound of woodly 's door open . woodly and paul speak unintelligibly , woodly evidently invite paul in for a moment . woodly 's door close . harold what 's that all about ? penelope we think a doctor might help . harold you old beau ? penelope we think it be a emergency . harold I do not want that chancre mechanic in here . penelope he 's a very decent man , harold . harold we all be . penelope should not you lie down ? harold when I be dead -- ( throw it away ) or fuck . penelope Paul say you be awfully sick . harold I be , I be . it never last long . he hear woodly 's door open , be alert to woodly 's approach , continue to speak to penelope absently . harold the Indians call it " Zamba - keetya " -- the little cloudburst . woodly and paul enter . woodly be correctly professional and carry a little black bag . woodly ah ! you be ambulatory ! harold what a brilliant diagnosis ! penelope you know what I want ? ( all look at she ) I want you both to be friend . I know you both , respect you both . you should be friend . harold nothing would please I more . penelope ( believe he ) thank God ! woodly ( pleased but careful ) well now -- what seem to be the trouble with the patient today ? a touch of malaria , perhaps ? harold I know malaria . malaria be not cause by the bite of bat . woodly you have be bitten by bat ? harold Colonel harper and I once share a treetop with a family of bat . there be a flash flood . there be piranha fish in the water . that 's how Colonel harper lose he little toe . woodly you have chill ? harold chill , fever , sweat . you can describe it and name it after yourself : " the woodly gallop crud . " woodly enjoy the joke and the bloom friendship . harold you can also describe its cure . I be eat its cure . woodly I be go to ask . harold pacqualinincheewa root . woodly would you say that again ? harold pacqualinincheewa root . means " cougar fang . " cure anything but a yellow streak down the back . woodly I have never hear of it . harold congratulation . by crossing twenty - eight foot of cockroach - infest carpet , you have become the third white man ever to hear of it . woodly ( fascinate ) be you have see it work cure ? harold hundred . penelope I be so glad you like each other . I be so scared , so scared . harold ( break off a piece , offer it ) have some . woodly thank you . thank you very much . penelope I believe in miracle now . harold be not that sweet of I ? woodly more and more we find ourselves lay aside false pride and look into the pharmacopoeia of primitive people . curare , ephedrine - - we have find some amazing thing . harold we have , have we ? woodly that 's a editorial we , of course . I have not turn up anything personally . harold everything about you be the editorial we . take that away from you , and you would disappear . penelope harold ! harold I could carve a better man out of a banana ! penelope please -- harold you and you damned bedside manner and you damned little black bag full of miracle . you know who fill that bag for you ? not Alice-sit-by-the-fires like yourself . Men with gut fill it , by god-- man with gut enough to pay the price for miracle -- suffer , ingratitude , loneliness , death -- woodly ( off balance ) good Lord . harold I can just hear the editorial wee- wee-weeing when looseleaf and I start fly in pacqualinincheewa root . I can hear the alice-sit - by - the-fire now : " we discover it in the amazon rain Forest . now we cure you with it . now we lower we eye with become modesty as we receive heartfelt thanks . " harold suddenly go to woodly , take he hand and pretend abject gratitude . harold oh , bless you , Doctor , bless you -- oh healer , oh protector , oh giver of life . woodly withdraw he hand , examine it as though it be disease . penelope he do not deserve this ! you do not know he . it be not fair ! harold he think he could take my place . it be now my privilege to give a unambiguous account of why I do not think he 's man enough to do that . woodly I think she be a widow . harold you be wrong , you quack ! penelope awful . ( approach woodly , but not get too close ) I can not tell you how sorry I be . harold say hello to you mother . penelope ( fervently ) do say hello to you mother . woodly I be take she to the airport a few minute from now . she 's go to East St. Louis - - to visit a aunt . penelope tell she to have a nice trip . woodly ( move towards the front door ) thanks . harold laugh . this sting woodly to a cold , peace - loving anger . woodly I be go to have to report you to the Department of Health . harold what for ? woodly quarantine , possibly . you may be suffer from a loathsome disease which the american people could do without . Goodbye . he exit instantly . harold now that 's what I call fun . penelope ghastly , cruel , unnecessary . harold you will get so you enjoy twitting weakling again . you use to eat it up . penelope I do ? harold we be one hell of a pair -- and we will be one again . what we need be a honeymoon . let 's start right now . penelope a trip , you mean ? harold I have a trip . we will honeymoon here . ( to paul ) go out and play . paul play ? harold you mother and I do not wish to be disturb for three full hour . penelope he have not have breakfast yet . harold buy yourself breakfast . ( take he billfold from he hip pocket , hand paul a $ 100 bill ) there we go . paul a hundred dollar ! harold the smallest thing I have get . paul can I get dress first ? harold make it fast . paul exit to he bedroom . harold turn to penelope . harold honeymoon ! honeymoon ! say it : honeymoon ! penelope it 's so -- so stark . harold you use to like it stark ! penelope just --bang -- we have a honeymoon . harold ( beginning to stalk she cunningly ) I be not go to strike you . I be go to be as gentle as pie -- as lemon meringue pie . you must not run away now . this be you loving husband approach . I be you husband . Society approve ! penelope want to run , but do not . harold good ! you hold you ground . harold be very close now , but not touch she . harold now -- turn around , if you would . penelope turn around ? harold ( laugh ) I be not about to introduce to you a jungle novelty . what I have in mind be massage - - a perfectly decent massage . turn around , turn around . penelope obey . harold I be go to touch you shoulder very gently now . you must not scream . ( touch she shoulder gently , expertly ) so tense , so tense . penelope you should not have talk to norbert that way . harold you be think with you brain instead of you body . that 's why you be so tense ! forget norbert . relax . it 's body time . penelope I have a brain . harold we all do . but now it 's body time . relax . ideally , the body of a woman should feel like a hot water bottle fill with devonshire cream . you feel like a paper bag cramme with curtain rod . think of you muscle one by one . let they go slack . relax . let the brain go blank . relax . that 's the idea -- that 's my girl . now the small of the back . let that knot over that kidney unsnarl . paul ( enter , dress to go out and play ) dad -- harold ( hang on to penelope , but know the mood have be break ) could not you have vanish quietly out the back door ? paul a hundred dollar for breakfast ? harold leave a tip . penelope ( suddenly twist away , have be nearly hypnotize ) I have some change ! harold Ram it up you ass ! he realize at once that he violent side have severely damage the side of he which be the great seducer . penelope and paul be straight as ramrod . harold I do beg you pardon . ( sincerely ) that word be illy choose . there be tension in all of we here . something you must both understand , however , be that the head of this household be home , and he be harold Ryan , and people do what he say when he say it . that 's the way this particular clock be construct . lion doorbell roar . harold sometimes even I hate that thing . paul go reeling to the door in terror , admit looseleaf , who have also be sleep in he clothes . looseleaf ( walk right in ) I have be look at motorcycle . harold go home ! looseleaf you ever own a motorcycle ? harold ( to penelope ) you be right ! we will take a trip . a trip be what we will take . ( to looseleaf ) I do not want to talk about motorcycle . I do not want to talk about tit . go home ! looseleaf have not get one . penelope ( to looseleaf ) and you go home unannounced , too ? looseleaf I dunno . yeah ! yeah ! yeah ! I do . harold and how be thing ? looseleaf let 's talk about something else . penelope ( to harold ) Alice get marry again . looseleaf she do ? penelope you do not even find that out ? looseleaf there be so much go on . penelope she marry a accountant name stanley kestenbaum . looseleaf so that 's it ! " kestenbaum , kestenbaum . " everybody be yell " kestenbaum , kestenbaum . " I think it be some foreign language . harold otherwise , how be thing ? looseleaf I sure do not expect she to drop dead . penelope Dead ! looseleaf Jesus . penelope ( sick ) Alice be dead ? looseleaf no , no -- shit no . ( stop short ) Excuse I , penelope . penelope for what ? looseleaf for say " shit . " or be that okay now ? penelope ( shrilly ) who 's dead ? looseleaf my mother - in-law . Fire engine , pulmotor , doctor , cop , coroner -- penelope what happen ? looseleaf well -- I walk up to the front door . I be still alive . Big surprise . I ring the doorbell , and old Mrs. wheeler answer . she have she goddamn knitting . I say , " guess who ? " she conk right out . penelope how horrible . looseleaf yeah --cripe . I never do get any sense out of Alice . she find I hold up the old lady , dead as a mackerel . it be a bitch . you know -- maybe Mrs . wheeler be go to die then and there anyway , even if I would be the paper boy . maybe not . I dunno , boy . that 's civilian life for you . who know what kill anybody ? harold could have happen to anybody . looseleaf first nagasaki -- now this . harold how about breakfast , wife ? penelope Breakfast ? harold ( as though to a waitress ) scramble egg , kippere herring , fry potato -- and a whole onion . I want to eat the onion like a apple . do you understand ? penelope turn away . harold and lot of orange juice -- ocean of orange juice . penelope Mrs. wheeler be dead . harold all right -- bring I a side order of Mrs. wheeler . ( regard looseleaf , resign himself to be stick with he company for a little while longer ) oh , hell -- sit down , Colonel . penelope will bring you some chow . penelope that be the most heartless statement I ever hear pass between human lip . harold ( honestly mystify ) which one ? penelope ( chokingly ) " bring I a side order of Mrs. wheeler . " harold she 's up in Heaven now . she do not hear . she be experience nothing but pure happiness . there 's nothing nicer than that . ( suddenly , angrily , slamm a table with he fist ) Chow ! harold Ryan want chow ! penelope what a honeymoon . harold honeymoon temporarily cancel . ( catch sight of paul , whose physical appearance really offend he ) the boy should still go out and exercise . I have the impression he never get any exercise . he simply bloat himself with fig newtons and bake he brain over steam radiator . penelope you be wrong . harold then let I see he go out and get some exercise . ( explosively ) right now ! paul go reeling in terror to the front door , open it . paul ( to harold , abjectly ) what kind of exercise ? harold beat the shit out of someone who hate you . paul exit . harold pound on a table . harold Chow , chow , chow ! God damn it -- nutriment ! penelope we be all go to have to go out for breakfast . the cook quit yesterday . harold you be a woman , be not you ? penelope nod . harold then we have a cook . penelope hesitates . harold cook , by God ! cook ! you be the nigger now . penelope people do not use that word any more . harold do not lecture I on race relation . I do not have a molecule of prejudice . I have be in battle with every kind of man there be . I have be in bed with every kind of woman there be -- from a laplander to a tierra del fuegian . if I would ever be to the South pole , there would be a hell of a lot of penguin who look like I . cook ! penelope you leave I so -- so without -- without dignity . harold people now have dignity when fry egg ? penelope they do not have to feel like slave . harold ( grandly ) then go now -- and fry with dignity -- sunnyside up . penelope attempt to respond to this , but be too enraged . she exit , make a tiny mosquito - like hum . looseleaf I dunno , boy . harold the educational process . looseleaf I guess . you be lucky you do not have any old people around here . harold she be about to get marry again . she lock I out of the bedroom last night . looseleaf start to laugh . harold shut he up . harold what 's funny about that ? looseleaf ( apologetically ) you know I , boy . penelope enter from the kitchen with a question on she lip . harold I should have tear that door off its hinge . should have scrogge she ear off . should have break the bed . ( see penelope ) what do you want ? ( word fail she ) well ? penelope I -- I be wonder -- be there anything you should not eat -- because of jungle fever ? harold I could eat a raw baby crocodile . ( turn to looseleaf crassly ) the way to get you wife back be in bed . do such a job on she that she will be lucky if she can crawl around on all four . ( to penelope ) we be starve . do you mind ? penelope exit dumbly , detest the word " scrog , " which she have never hear before . harold she have two lover , by the way . looseleaf start to laugh again , stop the laugh as harold glower . looseleaf Excuse I . harold one of they be the doctor , whose weapon be compassion , unselfishness , peacefulness -- maudlin concern . looseleaf huh . harold he and he love be like a retiarius . do you know what a retiarius be ? looseleaf he 's a kind of gladiator who fight with a knife and a net and do not wear anything but a jockstrap . harold ( amaze ) how do you know that ? looseleaf you tell I . harold when ? looseleaf when we be up in the tree so long -- with the bat . harold oh. I would forget . looseleaf fourteen time you tell I . I count . harold really ? looseleaf you would get this funny look in you eye , and I would say to myself , " oh , Jesus - - he 's go to tell I what a retiarius be again . " harold ( acknowledge a flaw in a manly way ) sorry . penelope enter , be about to speak . harold stop she with a raise finger . harold let I guess -- breakfast be serve ? penelope no . harold what then ? penelope I do not wish to be scrogge -- ever . I never hear that word , but when I hear it , I know it be one thing I never want to have happen to I . harold that 's what you be suppose to say . penelope this be not a coy deception . I do not want to be scrogge . I want love . I want tenderness . harold you do not know you want . that 's the way God build you ! penelope I will not be scrogge . I remember one time I see you wrench a hook from the throat of a fish with a pair of plier , and you promise I that the fish could not feel . harold it could not ! penelope I would like to have the expert opinion of the fish -- along with yours . harold ( shaking he head ) Fish can not feel . penelope well , I can . some injury , spiritual or physical , can be excruciate to I . I be not a silly carhop any more . ( a unexpected , minor insight ) maybe you be right about fish . when I be a carhop , I do not feel much more than a fish would . but I have be sensitize . I have idea now -- and solid information . I know a lot more now -- and a lot of it have to do with you . harold ( sense danger ) such as ?... penelope the whole concept of heroism -- and its sexual root . harold tell I about its sexual root . penelope it 's complicated and I do not want to go into it now , because it 's bound to sound insulting -- even though nobody mean for anybody to be insulted . it 's just the truth . harold I like the truth . I would not be alive today if I be not one of the biggest fan truth ever have . penelope well -- part of it be that heroes basically hate home and never stay there very long , and make awful mess while they be there . harold go on . penelope ( blurt ) and they have very mix feeling about woman . they hate they in a way . one reason they like war so much be that they can capture enemy woman and not have to make love to they slowly and gently . they can scrog they , as you say -- ( pause ) for revenge . harold you learn this in some college course ? penelope I learn a lot of thing in college . actually -- it be norbert who tell I that . harold ( darkly ) the doctor . penelope yes . harold and what be he most cherish possession ? penelope ( not sense the drift of the conversation ) his most cherish possession ? his violin , I guess . harold and he keep it in he apartment ? penelope ( still at sea ) yes . harold and no one 's there now ? penelope I do not think so . harold that 's too bad . I would rather have he at home -- to see what I be go to do . penelope ( suddenly catch on , sick with fear ) what be you go to do ? harold he do he best to destroy my most precious possession , which be the high opinion woman have of I . I be now go to even that score . I be go to break in he door and I be go to smash he violin . penelope no you be not ! harold why not ? penelope because if you do -- I will leave you . harold ( promptly and emotionlessly ) Goodbye . blackout . scene two spotlight come up on von konigswald and wanda JUNE , dress as before . they have become close friend . wanda JUNE we have this new club up here in Heaven . von konigswald yes , we do . wanda JUNE we only have two member so far , but it 's grow all the time . von konigswald we have enough for a shuffleboard team . in Heaven , shuffleboard be everything . Hitler play shuffleboard . wanda JUNE Albert Einstein play shuffleboard . von konigswald mozart play shuffleboard . wanda JUNE Lewis Carroll , who write Alice in wonderland , play shuffleboard . von konigswald Jack the ripper play shuffleboard . wanda JUNE Walt Disney , who give we snow White and the Seven dwarf , play shuffleboard . Jesus Christ play shuffleboard . von konigswald it be almost worth the trip -- to find out that Jesus Christ in Heaven be just another guy , play shuffleboard . I like he sense of humor , though -- you know ? he 's get a blue - and - gold warm - up jacket he wear . you know what it say on the back ? " pontius pilate athletic Club . " most people do not get it . most people think there really be a pontius pilate athletic Club . wanda JUNE we be go to have jacket , be not we ? von konigswald you bet ! " the harold Ryan fan Club . " pink , eh ? with a yellow streak up the back . ( both laugh ) we get very good tailor shop up here . they will make you any kind of uniform , any kind of sweatsuit you want . juda iscariot -- he 's get this black jacket with a skull and crossbone over the heart . he walk around all hunch over , and he never look anybody in the eye , and write on the back of he jacket be the word , " go take a fly -- wanda JUNE punch he in the rib . von konigswald leap at the moon . " mildre , harold 's third wife , enter . she be voluptuous , blowzy , tough -- about forty - five . she have trouble with alcohol . von konigswald be expect she . von konigswald aha ! hello ! you be mild , right ? mildre I hear you be look for I . von konigswald you be harold Ryan 's third wife . right ? mildre yes . von konigswald you want to join the harold Ryan fan Club ? wear a pink jacket with a yellow streak up the back ? mildre do I have to ? who 's the little girl ? wanda JUNE Mr. Ryan just borrow my birthday cake . I do not really know he . mildre think you be another wife , maybe . wanda JUNE I be only ten year old . mildre that 's what he want -- a ten -year - old wife . he would come home from a war or a safari , and he would wind up talk to the little kid . wanda JUNE wo not you please join we club ? please ? mildre honey -- alcoholics anonymous take all the time I have get -- and harold Ryan be a individual I would rather forget . he drive I to drink . he drive he first two wife to drink . von konigswald because he be cruel ? mildre ( cover wanda JUNE 's little ear ) premature ejaculation . von konigswald ach soooooooooo . mildre no grow woman be a fan of premature ejaculation . harold would come home trumpete and roaring . he would the kick the furniture with he boot , spit into corner and the fireplace . he would make I present of stuff fish and helmet with hole in they . he would tell I that he have now earn the reward that only a woman could give he , and he would tear off my clothes . he would carry I into the bedroom , tell I to scream and kick my foot . that be very important to he . I do it . I try to be a good wife . he tell I to imagine a herd of stampede water buffalo . I could not do that , but I pretend I do . it be all over -- ten second after he would say the word " buffalo . " then he would zip up he pants , and go outside , and tell true war storey to the little kid . any little kid . von konigswald that be sad . mildre ( blankly ) be it ? ( pause ) I have this theory about why man kill each other and break thing . von konigswald ja ? mildre never mind . it 's a dumb theory . I be go to say it be all sexual .. but everything be sexual ... but alcohol . ( make peace sign ) peace . von konigswald wanda JUNE ( make peace sign ) ( make peace sign ) peace . peace . blackout . scene three silence . darkness . woody woodpecker voice ha ha ha ha ha ! ( pistol shot ) you get I , pal . silence . a baby cry . silence . the light come up . looseleaf go to the funeral ? harold of course ! not only go to it but go to it in full uniform ! Rent a uniform ! looseleaf that 's against the law , be not it ? I can not wear a uniform anymore . harold wear you uniform and every decoration , and let they despise you , if they dare . looseleaf Alice would be absolutely tear -ass . harold when I be a naive young recruit in Spain , I use to wonder why soldier bayonete oil painting , shot the nose off of statue and defecate into grand pianos . I now understand : it be to teach civilian the deep sort of respect for man in uniform -- uncontrollable fear . ( raise he glass ) to we woman . looseleaf I do not know we have any woman leave . harold the world be teeming with woman - - ours to enjoy . looseleaf every time I start think like that I get the clap . lion doorbell roar . harold ( go to the door ) this could be my next wife . he admit herb shuttle , who carry a bouquet of rose . shuttle ( puzzle by harold ) hello . harold how be you , honeybunch ? shuttle be penelope in ? harold the posy be for she ? shuttle I want to apologize . harold you have come to the right man . shuttle I forget my vacuum cleaner . harold I forget mine for year on end . shuttle ( suddenly realize who harold be ) oh my God -- ( pause ; point ) and you be looseleaf harper . looseleaf hi. shuttle faint . harold ( crow ) it 's what I have dream of all my life , looseleaf ! to have a grow man realize who I be -- and faint ! ( to audience ) end of Act two . blackout . act three scene one mildre enter drunkenly up aisle , sit precariously on apron of stage and speak to audience . mildre two day later . the afternoon of the day of looseleaf harper 's mother - in - law 's funeral . you get it ? two day later . ( pause ) you know what happen in Heaven today ? there be a tornado . I be not kid you -- there be a goddamn tornado . tore up fifty - six house , a dance pavilion and a ferris wheel . drive a shuffleboard stick clear through a telephone pole . nobody get kill . nobody ever get kill . they just bounce around a lot . then they get up -- and start play shuffleboard . ( pause ) I never see a tornado when I be alive , and I grow up in Oklahoma . there 's this big , black , funnel - shape cloud . sound like a railroad train without the whistle . I have to come to Heaven to see a thing like that . a lot of people get photograph . ( pause ) after the tornado be over , a man have some film leave and he want to take picture of I -- to use up the roll . I do not like people who go around take picture of everything . nothing 's real to some people unless they have get photograph . ( pause ) two day later -- right ? she exit clumsily , the way she come . silence . light come up on the live room , which have become a pigpen . looseleaf , harold , shuttle and paul sit around a dinner of nearly raw beefsteak set on the coffee table . looseleaf wear a ill - fitting uniform , which he have rent . looseleaf I tell you the uniform would not help . harold it help more than you know . down deep , people be deeply affect . looseleaf you keep on say " deep " and " deeply . " I wish something good would happen on the surface sometime . shuttle I can not get over how you guy be my friend . harold Ryan and looseleaf harper be my friend . harold we pleasure . shuttle eight year you guy be together -- through thick and thin . harold for seven and a half of that year we be heavily drugge -- or we would have be home long before now , believe I . we be save from starvation by the lupi-loopo Indians , who feed we a strange blue soup . shuttle Blue soup . harold it sap we will -- make we peaceful and unenterprising . it be a form of chemical castration . we become two more sleepy Indians . looseleaf ( to paul ) so , kid -- how they hang ? or do not you say that to a little kid ? harold he 's a man . ( to paul ) tell he you be a man . paul I be a man . harold we have get to do something to make this boy 's voice change . I wonder if we could not get bull ball somewhere , and fry them up . ( to paul ) still miss you mother ? paul ( weakly ) no. harold you be free to go to she , if you want . if you would rather be a woman and run with the woman , just say the word . shuttle be we really go to find out where the elephant go to die ? harold I would rather go to viet nam . shuttle would somebody please pass I the catsup ? harold what you say be , " pass the fuck catsup . " shuttle pass the fuck catsup . looseleaf give it to he . shuttle dump catsup on he steak . shuttle I keep think about Africa - - and the elephant . looseleaf I do not think I will go . harold of course you will go ! you be go to fly the helicopter . looseleaf I dunno . harold you be so low ! look at that beautiful red meat . you have not touch it . looseleaf sorry . at least you have get a place to come back to . I do not have a place to come back to anymore . harold all the more reason to go to Africa . looseleaf I dunno . you know . ( pause ) I use to really love that Alice . do you know that ? harold you know she for what she be now -- garbage . looseleaf I dunno . harold she be always a rotten wife ! she be against everything manly you ever want to do . ( to shuttle ) he be the most dare test pilot in the country at one time , and he wife make he quit . she make he become a life insurance salesman instead . shuttle I would think any woman worth she salt would be proud to be marry to a test pilot . I know I would . looseleaf she try to like it . she be a very nervous woman . shuttle I could tell that at the funeral . ( to paul ) would you please pass the fuck catsup again ? be it dangerous testing plane ? looseleaf I dunno . who know ? you know -- you be up there , and you be in some plane nobody ever fly before . you put she into a dive , and everything start scream and shaking , and maybe some pipe break and squirt oil or gasoline or hydraulic fluid in you face . you wonder how the hell you ever get in such a mess , and then you pull back on the control , and you black out for a couple of second . when you come to , everything 's usually fairly okay - - except maybe you throw up all over yourself . it 's just another job , but you try and tell Alice that . harold insurance ! shuttle you actually sell insurance ! looseleaf I try . ( indicate harold ) I sell he some . that be the only insurance I ever sell . hyena doorbell laugh . shuttle what a awful sound ! harold get use to it . ( to paul ) back door , Paul . paul exit to the kitchen . harold ( to shuttle ) it 's possible , of course , that you will die in Africa . shuttle I have consider that . harold selling vacuum cleaner be not the best preparation you could have . shuttle I just want one true adventure before I die . harold that can be arrange . paul appear at the mouth of the doorway . he have something amazing to announce . paul dad ? harold who be it ? paul it 's Mom . he step aside . penelope appear . harold and shuttle stand , harold angrily . looseleaf ( openly , cheerfully ) hi , penelope . harold ( to looseleaf ) shut up , you ninny ! ( to penelope ) you be never to come here again -- for any reason whatsoever ! penelope I come for my clothes . harold sneak in the back door . penelope I ring . it seem like the proper door for a servile , worthless organism to use . harold you clothes be at the city dump by now . perhaps you can get a map from the Department of sanitation . penelope I come for Paul as well . harold if he want to go . penelope you take he to the funeral , I hear . harold he would never see a corpse . he 's see a dozen now . penelope a dozen ? harold it 's a big and busy funeral home . penelope ( to paul ) do you like it , dear ? harold it be not a matter of like . it 's a matter of get use to death -- as a perfectly natural thing . would you mind leave ? no woman ever walk out on harold Ryan , and then come back -- for anything . penelope unless she have nerve . harold more nerve than the doctor , I must admit . he have not be home for two day . have he suddenly lose interest in sleep and color television -- and the violin ? penelope he know you shattered he violin . harold I be die to hear of he reaction . the thrill of smash something be not in the smash , but in the owner 's reaction . penelope he cry . harold about a broomstick and a cigar box -- and the attenuate intestine of a alley cat . penelope two hundred year old . harold he feel awful loss -- which be precisely my intention . penelope ( move toward the violin , and , incidentally , place herself much closer to shuttle ) he have hope that someone would be play it still -- two hundred year from now . harold ( echoing , express the futility of such long - term expectation ) hope . he spot the vacuum cleaner , probe it with he toe , ask shuttle with seriousness . harold do you hope with all you heart that someone will be use this vacuum cleaner two hundred year from now ? shuttle start to answer , but stop , suppose that he be be make sport of . harold fifty year ? shuttle you be make a joke . harold ( not joke ) I be interested in long - term expectation . shuttle ( flatly , protect he dignity ) it 's engineered to last about fifteen year . harold ( downstage center , address the civilized world ) thing . oh -- you silly people and you thing . thing , thing , thing . penelope ( to shuttle , as harold reflect majestically on the emptiness of materialism ) you and harold be friend ? shuttle ( revealing how mix and worried he feeling be ) he 's the most wonderful guy I ever meet , penelope . he 's the most complicated guy I ever meet . I can not believe it , but he 's go to take I to Africa with he . harold thing . penelope you feel I have do a dreadful thing -- leave he ? shuttle ( almost hypnotize ) if I be marry to he , I sure would not walk out . harold ( directly to the audience ) never mind the condition of you body and you spirit ! look after you thing , you thing ! penelope ( to looseleaf ) and you , Colonel ? let I guess : you do not know . looseleaf I dunno . harold ( to the audience ) go live in a safe- deposit box -- with you thing . looseleaf Jesus -- I would not want to be marry to he . you know ? harold what 's this ? looseleaf I would not want to be marry to I . we be too crazy . you know ? harold in what way , pray tell ? looseleaf I do not like that violin thing . that be sad . harold tit for tat -- as simple as that . looseleaf you never play a violin . harold you do ? looseleaf yeah . I practically forget . but after you bust that thing , I get to think , " Jesus - - maybe I will start the violin again . " that do not just belong to woodly . that belong to everybody . maybe he would have sell it to I , and I could have some fun . after you bust the violin , boy , and penelope walk out , I think to myself , " Jesus - - who could blame she ? " harold maybe it 's time you get out . looseleaf I ? harold you . looseleaf okay . ( pause ) okay . harold you be a imbecile . looseleaf I know you think that . harold everybody think that . looseleaf anybody who would drop a atom bomb on a city have to be pretty dumb . harold the one direct , decisive , intelligent act of you life ! looseleaf ( shaking he head ) I do not think so . ( pause ) it could have be . harold if what ? looseleaf if I have not do it . if I would say to myself , " screw it . I be go to let all that people down there live . " harold they be enemy . we be at war . looseleaf yeah , Jesus -- but war would be a lot better , I think , if guy would say to themselves sometimes , " Jesus - - I be not go to do that to the enemy . that 's too much . " you could have be the manufacturer of that violin there , even though you do not know how to make a violin , just by not busting it up . I could have be the father of all that people in nagasaki , and the mother , too , just by not drop the bomb . ( pause ) I send them to Heaven instead -- and I do not think there be one . harold Goodbye , looseleaf . looseleaf walk around and gather he thing . looseleaf so long , you guy . penelope what will you do , Colonel ? looseleaf I dunno . marry the first whore who 's nice to I , I guess . get a job in a motorcycle shop . so long , you guy . penelope kiss looseleaf . everybody but harold acknowledge he departure be some way . harold turn he back . looseleaf exit , close door . silence . shuttle who 's go to fly we helicopter now ? harold ( blackly , tautly ) what ? shuttle we get to get another pilot . harold for what ? shuttle for Africa . harold do you really think that harold Ryan would go to Africa with a vacuum cleaner salesman ? shuttle you invite I . harold to make a ass of yourself . shuttle what go wrong ? harold we be ahead of schedule , that 's all . you be find out here what you would have find out in Africa - - that you be a rabbit , bear to be eat alive . shuttle gee whiz -- harold it would have be fun to see you drop you rifle and run the first time a elephant charge we . shuttle I would not drop my gun . harold you be hollow , like a woman . shuttle I be smarter than looseleaf . harold he can shoot ! he can hold he ground ! he can attack ! you be in you proper profession right now -- suck up dirt for frumpish housewive , closet drunkard every one . shuttle ( close to tear ) how do you know how I would act in Africa ? harold look how you be act now ! this be a moment of truth , and you be almost cry . slug I ! shuttle you be my buddy . harold out ! out ! shuttle no matter what you say to I , I still think you be the great guy I ever know . harold out ! shuttle you -- you be not go to have any friend leave , if you do not watch out . harold thank God ! he propel shuttle out the door and slam it . he face penelope and paul , speak with malicious calm . harold well -- what have we here ? a family . penelope almost a Christmas scene . harold Goodbye , goodbye , goodbye . penelope just one favor . harold money ? there 's plenty of that . mild get the brewery . you will probably get the baseball team . penelope I want you to tell I that you love I once . harold be about to dismiss this request majestically , but penelope cut he off with a sharp , dangerous warning . penelope I mean it ! I must have that , and so must Paul . tell he that he be conceive in love , even though you hate I now . tell both of we that somewhere be we life be love . harold experiment inwardly with response of various kind , obviously say they to himself , direct himself with he hand . nothing quite satisfy he . harold testimonial of that sort be -- be beyond my range . I do not do they well . ( sincerely , not like to fail in any way ) that 's a fail , I know . penelope ( accept this ruefully ) I see . paul I do not care . I do not care if there be love or not . that 's all right . I be go to go to my room and close the door . I do not want to hear any more . paul exit wretchedly to he room . harold see how you have upset he . he be so merry and hale before you come home . penelope how unhappy he 's go to be -- alone in he room . harold he will play with he rifle , I expect . that will cheer he up . penelope rifle ? harold I buy he a twenty - two yesterday - - on the way home from hamburger Heaven . and where be the good doctor ? have you two feathered a love nest somewhere ? penelope he 's in East St. Louis with he mother -- visit a aunt . harold last I hear , he mother be go alone . penelope he 's afraid of you , harold . he know you would want to fight he . he do not know anything about fight . he hate pain . harold and you , a supposedly healthy woman , do not detest he for he cowardice ? penelope it seem highly intelligent to I . harold what kind of a country have this become ? the man wear bead and refuse to fight -- and the woman adore they . America 's day of greatness be over . it have drunk the blue soup . penelope Blue soup ? harold a indian narcotic we be force to drink . it put we in a haze - - a honey - color haze which be lavender around the edge . we laugh , we sing , we snooze . when a bird call , we answer back . every live thing be we brother or we sister , we think . looseleaf step on a cockroach six inch long , and we cry . we have a funeral that go on for five day -- for the cockroach ! I sing " oh promise I . " can you imagine ? where the hell do I ever learn the word to " oh promise I " ? looseleaf deliver a lecture on maintenance procedure for the hydraulic system of a B - 36 . all the time we be drink more blue soup , more blue soup ! never stop drink blue soup . Blue soup all the time . we would go out after food in that honey - color haze , and everything that be edible have a penumbra of lavender . penelope sound quite beautiful . harold ( angere ) beautiful , you say ? it be not life , it be not death -- it be not anything ! ( anger still mount ) beautiful ? Seven year go -- ( snap he finger ) like that , like that ! Seven year of silliness and random dream ! Seven year of nothingness , when there could have be so much ! penelope like what ? harold ( become dangerously physical , seize a battle - ax ) action ! interaction ! give and take ! challenge and response ! he split a coffee table with the ax . paul ( rush in with he .22 rifle at a high port arm ) Mom ? harold what 's this ? paul wilt instantly , attempt to make he rifle inconspicuous , harmless , meaningless . harold what 's this ? paul nothing . harold that 's a rifle you have ? paul no. harold of course it be . be it load ? paul no. harold open the bolt ! paul obey . a cartridge pop out . harold that 's a cartridge , if I be not mistaken . gunpowder , bullet , cartridge case , and fulminate of mercury percussion cap -- all set to go . paul I be clean it . harold pick up that cartridge and slip it back into the chamber -- where it belong . paul gee whiz , dad -- harold welcome to manhood , you little sparrowfart ! load that gun ! paul ( bleatingly ) dad -- harold too late ! it 's man to man now . protect you mother from I , be you ? protect she ! ` penelope he 's a child ! harold with a iron penis three foot long . load it , boy . penelope you be begging he to kill you ? harold if he think he 's man enough . penelope ( amaze by sudden insight ) that 's really what you want . you become furious when people will not make you dead . harold I be teach my son to be a man . penelope so he can kill you . you hate you own life that much . you beg for a hero to kill you . harold I plan to live one hundred year ! penelope no you do not . harold if that 's the case -- what 's to prevent my kill myself ? penelope honor , I suppose . harold what a handsome word . penelope ( wonderingly ) but it 's all ball up in you head with death . the high honor be death . when you talk of this animal , one by one , you do not just talk of kill they . you honore they with death . harold -- it be not honor to be kill . harold if you have live a good life , fight well -- penelope it 's still just death , the absence of life -- no honor at all . it 's worse than the blue soup by far -- that nothingness . to you , though , it 's the honor that crown they all . harold May I continue with the rear of my son ? ( to paul ) load that gun ! paul shake he head . harold load it ! paul refuse . harold then speak , by God ! can you fight with word ? paul I do not want to fight you . harold get mad ! tell I you do not like the way I treat you mother ! tell I you wish I would never come home ! paul ( weakly ) it 's you house , dad . harold ( throw up he hand ) everybody simply evaporate ! ( include the audience , invite it to share he indignation ) there be guest issue to be fight out here -- or to be argue , at least . the enemy , the champion of all who oppose I , be in East St. Louis with he mother and he aunt ! I have so far do battle with a woman and a child and a violin . penelope the old heroes be go to have to get use to this , harold -- the new heroes who refuse to fight . they be try to save the planet . there 's no time for battle , no point to battle anymore . harold I feel mock , insulted , with no sort of satisfaction in prospect . we do not have to fight with steel . I can fight with word . I be not a inarticulate ape , you know , who grab a rock for want of a vocabulary . call he up in East St. Louis , penelope . tell he to come here . penelope no . harold ( emptily , turn away ) no. pause . he contemplate paul . harold and my son , the only son of harold Ryan -- he 's go to grow up to be a vanisher , too ? penelope I do not know . I hope he never hunt . I hope he never kill another human be . harold ( to paul , quietly ) you hope this , too ? paul I do not know what I hope . but I do not think you care what I hope , anyway . you do not know I . ( indicate penelope ) you do not know she , either . I do not think you know anybody . you talk to everybody just the same . harold I be talk to you gently now . paul yeah . but it 's go to get loud again . penelope he 's right , harold . to you , we be simply piece in a game -- this one label " woman , " that one label " son . " there be no piece label " enemy " and you be confuse . lion doorbell roar . paul go to answer it . harold there will not be anybody out there . that 's the new style : nobody anywhere . paul , aghast , admit norbert woodly . woodly be high as a kite on he own adrenaline . penelope ( aghast , chokingly ) get out of here . woodly it 's really that bad ? he come farther into the room , bravely . penelope you fool , you fool . woodly oh-- look at the poor , crucify violin , would you ? harold it die for you sin . woodly this little corpse be intend as a lesson ? harold there 's a certain amount of information there . woodly lest we forget how cruel you be . penelope ( move to the telephone ) I be go to call the police . harold ( frighteningly ) do not ! woodly I agree . woodly close the door . penelope back away from the phone , drift toward paul , who still hold he rifle . harold this be man to man . woodly it 's healer to killer . be that the same thing ? harold what bring you back ? woodly the same hairy , humorless old god who move you from hither to yon . " honor , " if you like . harold ( to penelope ) he 's a champion after all . woodly of the corpse and cripple you create for we instruction -- when all we can learn from they be this : how cruel you be . penelope this be suicide . ( to paul ) go get the police . harold stop ! paul stop . harold there 's go to be no bloodsh here . I know how he will fight -- the only way he can fight : with word . the truth . ( to woodly ) be I correct ? woodly yes . harold I can defeat he with anything from flavor toothpick to siege howitzer . but he get it into he little head that he could come here and demolish harold Ryan with word . the truth ! correct ? woodly correct . harold what a hallucination ! ( laugh ) oh , dear , dear , dear , dear . oh dearie I . woodly you have not hear I yet . harold you intend to crack my eardrum with you voice ? will I bleed from my every orifice ? who will clean up this awful mess ? woodly we will find out now , will not we ? penelope no , we will not . no matter how it begin , it will end in death . because it always do . be not that always how it end , harold - - in death ? harold there have to be a threat of some sort , nobility of some sort , glamour of some sort , sport of some sort . this element be lack . woodly you be a filthy , rotten bastard . harold ( pretend to be wounded ) oooooo . that hurt . woodly you be old -- so old . harold now who 's be cruel ? woodly a live fossil ! like the cockroach and the horseshoe crab . harold we do survive , do not we ? you be go to have to apologize , of course , for call I a bastard . that 's a matter of form -- not allow you or anybody to call I a bastard . no rush about that . just remember to apologize sometime soon . penelope take the rifle from paul . woodly you be a son of a bitch . harold yes -- well --uh -- that 's another one of that statement which more or less automatically require a apology . whenever you feel like it . it 's sort of like turn off a alarm clock that 's ringing loudly . you apology turn off the alarm . penelope ( leveling the gun ) I be turn off the alarm . I be turn off everything . harold ah ! the lady be armed . penelope I want you to get out of here , norbert . harold -- I want you to sit down in the chair , and not lift a finger until norbert be go . harold ( to woodly ) whoever have the gun , you see , get to tell everybody else exactly what to do . it 's the american way . penelope I mean it ! harold then you would better fix you bayonet , because there be not any bullet in the gun . penelope ( to paul ) where 's the bullet ? paul make no move to help . harold help you mother find the bullet . penelope ( to paul , point to the floor ) there it be . give it to I . paul obey . penelope how do I load ? harold ( to paul ) load it for she . paul shakily obey . harold cock it , too . paul obey . harold give it to she . paul obey . penelope all right ! be I exceedingly dangerous now ? harold the National Safety Council would be appal . penelope then listen to I . ( angrily ) you be both disgusting -- with you pride , you pride . ( to woodly ) I hate you for come here -- like a federal marshal in a western film . I love you when you stay away . but here you be now -- high noon in the superbowl ! you fool , you fool . woodly everything 's go to be beautiful . penelope you fake ! you be no better than the dumbest general in the Pentagon . ( pause ) you be not go to beat harold . you be not go to beat anybody . you be not go to stay here , either - - yammer and taunting until you be most gloriously kill . go home ! harold she 's right , norbert - - go home . woodly I have not say all I have to say . penelope out ! woodly I have not tell you , harold , how comical I think you be . harold ( hit squarely , absolutely unable to forgive ) comical ? penelope ( to harold ) sit down or I will shoot ! harold go over to she , easily take the gun away ) harold give I that goddamn thing ! now get out of here , or I might kill you . who know ? penelope ( terrify ) you have kill woman ? harold seventeen of they - - eleven by accident . March ! move ! ( to paul ) you , too ! penelope and paul move toward the front door . penelope norbert -- you come , too. ( to harold ) let he go , harold . let he go . harold of course he can go -- if he will just go down on he hand and knee for a moment -- and promise I that he do not find I comical in the least degree . penelope do it , norbert . woodly hand and knee , you say ? harold and terror , if you do not mind . penelope do it ! woodly ( to penelope , simply , decisively , unafraid ) Goodbye . harold ( before she can protest any more ) Goodbye ! Goodbye ! he belly and bully penelope and paul out the front door . harold get the police ! no time to lose ! he slam the door , turn to woodly . harold you be in one hell of a jam . you realize that ? woodly I be high as a kite . harold gland . you be suppose to be happy when you die . call I comical again . woodly you be a clown . you be a clown who kill -- but you be a clown . harold I love you ! have a cigar ! woodly ( ignore the cigar ) evolution have make you a clown -- with a cigar . simple butcher like you be obsolete ! harold I be to be leave behind -- in primordial ooze ? woodly if you be at home in the ooze , and nowhere else . harold this be go to become very physical . be you prepare for that ? woodly you be not such a creature of the ooze that you would hurt a unarm man . harold I be a honorable clown ? woodly King Arthur . harold you hope . woodly in any event , I will not beg for mercy . harold no quarter ask . ( take a sword ) no quarter give . woodly do not you laugh even inwardly at the heroic balderdash you spew ? harold ( offer sword ) cut I open . find out . woodly I have strike my blow . harold with spittle ? woodly I have poison you . harold ( point at woodly in horror ) lucretia borgia ? ( look around frantically ) something I drank or touch ? ( understanding ) you refuse a cigar . that 's it ! potassium cyanide in the humidor ! treacherous lover of peace ! woodly I put a poison think in you head . even now that poison be seeping into every lobe of you mind . it 's say , " obsolete , obsolete , obsolete , " and , " clown , clown , clown . " harold poison . woodly you have a very good mind , or I would not have come back . that mind be now ask itself , cleverly and fairly , " be harold Ryan really a clown ? " and the answer be , " yes . " harold ( touch he forehead experimentally ) I -- I really must congratulate you . something be happen in there . woodly you can never take yourself seriously again ! look at all the creature you have protect we from ! do you shoot they on the elevator , as they be on they way up here to eat we alive ? harold ( blankly , as though in a dream ) no. woodly the magic root you give I -- I have it analyze . it be discover by a Harvard botanist in 1893 ! he explore you famous jungle for five year , armed with nothing but kindness , a talent for language , and a pocketknife . harold ( blankly ) I see . woodly you be not go to hurt I . you be not go to hurt anybody any more . any violent gesture will seem ridiculous -- to yourself ! harold ( quietly ) Don Quixote . woodly my violin be avenge ! harold something seem to have happen to my self - respect . woodly and the hell with it . it be so tragically irrelevant , so preposterously misinform . harold the new hero be you . woodly I hate crowd , and I have no charisma -- harold you be too modest . woodly but the new hero will be a man of science and of peace -- like I . he will disarm you , of course . no more gun , no more gun . harold be I ever of use ? woodly never . for when you begin to kill for the fun of it , you become the chief source of agony of mankind . harold pick up the rifle , consider it , offer it to woodly . harold here . finish the job . woodly I be utterly satisfied . harold you be make a mistake . obsolete old carnivore like I be most dangerous when wounded . you have wounded I . woodly more clowning ! do not you see ? harold we never quit fight until we be dead . woodly you would be kill a friend . do not you know how much I like you ? harold I be go to shoot you now . woodly no ! harold my self - respect be go -- and my soldier 's honor with it . it be now very easy for I to shoot a unarm man . woodly New dignity can be yours - - as a merciful man . you can change ! harold like the saber-tooth tiger . woodly ( sicken ) oh God -- you be really go to kill I . harold it will not hurt as much as the sting of a bumblebee . Heaven be very much like paradise , they say . you will like it there . woodly can I beg for mercy -- on my knee ? harold if you want to be find that way . woodly what be this thing that kill I ? harold man , as man be mean to be --a vengeful ape who murder . he will soon be extinct . it 's time , it 's time . woodly do not shoot . harold I have enjoy be man . he aim the rifle tentatively . woodly no. ( go down on he knee ) no . harold get up . woodly no . harold have it you way . we would both be better off dead now . harold begin to squeeze the trigger , falter , lower the rifle . harold can not do it . woodly thank God . harold crawl home . he turn he back on woodly , who stand shakily . woodly thank you -- for my life . harold it 's trash now , like mine . woodly New life begin ! harold somewhere in this city . not here , not here . tell penelope I love she -- in my clownish way . and Paul . tell he to be a healer , by all mean . woodly what be you go to do ? harold use the sanitary facility , if I may . woodly leave the rifle here . harold I will put it in Paul 's room , where it belong . woodly give I you word of honor that that 's all you be go to do . harold for what it 's worth now , harold Ryan , the clown , give he sacred word . harold exit into corridor . woodly look after he helplessly , apprehensively . silence . woodly harold ? von konigswald , mildre , and wanda JUNE enter from the side stealthily . von konigswald , pantomime that he companion be to be quiet and to listen for something wonderful . all ghost cup they hand to they ear . woodly harold ? there be a shot offstage . von konigswald be delighted . mildre be sicken . wanda JUNE be daze . woodly collapse in grief . harold enter from the corridor , shaking he head . harold I miss . von konigswald express disappointment . mildre cover she face . wanda JUNE suck she thumb . harold the end . curtain .