half to death by Scott lobdell and Christopher landon darkness . we hear the strange , hollow cry of a bell ringing in reverse . the warble sound grow louder and louder until we ... fade in : ext . hospital bell tower -- potsdam university - morning the morning sunlight gleam off the great iron cast bell as it continue ringing , but at its normal speed . from this high up we can see how isolate the school be -- surround on one side by thick forest . a small campus , mostly brick and ivy . in the quad , a fraction of the student amble to they class . we glimpse the highlight : the football field . sorority row . a administrative build . the dorm . int . carter 's dorm room - morning a box shrine to hip . from the '' blade runner '' and vintage '' STAR war '' poster to the book shelf line with plastic-sealed comic . tangled in black skull and crossbone sheet , we find teresa '' Tree '' gelbman , 19 , beautiful . outside , the bell toll one final time before a calm settles over the room . the quiet do not last long as Tree 's cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . Tree stir through the fog of she hang -over , search for she phone . as she sit up , several thing hit she at once : she 's not in she room , she 's wear a guy 's T - shirt , and the guy it probably belong to be bent down , put something away under the couch . carter davis , 19 , good look hide behind grunge and stubble , turn around and smile at Tree . carter you be up . I be not -- tree ( interrupt ) where be my clothes ? carter on the night stand . Tree fish she phone out -- 1 miss call from '' dad '' . she snap it shut with a exasperate sigh . Tree pull off the T-shirt , expose a black lace bra . Carter quickly turn he back to she . carter ( cont ’d ) I do not know if you remember my name . you be pretty waste last night . I be car -- tree tylenol ? carter what ? tree my head 's kill I . do you have any tylenol ? carter uh , sure . hold on a sec . he start rummage through the debris of he room while Tree finish get dress . Carter find a bottle of aspirin in a toiletry bag that be hide under a pair of jeans . he offer she a pill . she snatch the bottle and dump three in she hand and dry-swallow they like a pro . carter ( cont 'd ) I be Carter . tree ( interrupt again ) not a word of this to anyone . get it ? carter sure ... Tree start to leave . the door be cover in a collage of band sticker and other bit and strip of randomness . in the middle of it all be a bumper sticker that proclaim : '' today be the first day of the rest of you life '' Tree open the door and collide with a lanky freshman . the word be already leave he mouth : freshman dude ! do you hit that fine- vagine or what ?! he meet Tree 's hard stare and instantly shrink . Tree push past he . Carter shoot the freshman a look . carter Nice one , dickweed . Carter 's eye fall on Tree 's gold bracelet , lie on the floor , as it catch the light from the open window . she must have knock it off the night stand in she haste . ext . the campus - morning dress in a slinky outfit and heel , Tree be force to make the '' walk of shame '' across the already bustling campus . she shield she eye from the blind sunlight . she pass a female student who thrust a petition at she . student protester stop global warming ! Tree do not deign to acknowledge the proffer clipboard . a nearby car alarm go off . next , Tree notice a pair of student study on the lawn as the sprinkler suddenly go off -- they be get soak as they scramble to protect they book . on the leave , tree pass a group of frat pledge sing loudly . the frat brother stand beside a sign : '' 26th straight hour '' . frat pledge -- not a Willie or a Sam ! I be the eighth ole 's man name Henry ! Henry the eighth , I be ! frat brother second verse , same as the first ! frat pledge oh , Henry the eighth , I be , I be !... the crowd of onlooker cheer as one exhausted frat pledge pass out , hit he head hard on the pavement . Tree reach the end of the quad and start down the step , as keith lumbly ( 18 , a big -bon mouthbreather ) be just lumber up the step . keith Morning Tree ! she genuinely do not see he ... he sigh . the end of the step lead to sorority row . Tree 's house , kappa delta be a convert mansion at the edge of the park . int . kappa delta house - morning Tree creep into the house -- try to avoid any of she sister . she 's get one foot on the stair when : danielle ( 0.c . ) oh-my -god . you sneaky beeyotch ! busted . Tree turn around to face danielle bouseman , 20 , peroxide - pretty . daniellle who be it ? tree nobody . daniellle sister do not keep secret . tree seriously . it be nobody . daniellle well , I hope nobody use a condom . we do not want somebody get chlamydia . tree thanks for that , danielle . really , so thoughtful . danielle what be sister for ? Tree start up the stair . daniellle ( call after she ) do not forget ! House meeting at lunch ! tree live for it ! int . tree 's bedroom - morning Tree have change into new clothes and be run a brush through she tangle bed-head when she roommate , lori spengler ( 18 , a cherubic face redhead ) step from the bathroom , wet , wrap in a towel . lori she finally roll in . shove a pile of '' reject outfit '' off she bed , Tree curl up with she childhood stuff animal . tree do I totally embarrass myself last night ? lori not at all . unless you consider dance on a table , start two fight , and barfing pretzel chunks all over the bar embarrassing . tree please tell I you be kid ... lori oh , and you ram you tongue down Nick sim 's throat right in front of danielle . tree get out ! lori for shizzle . tree but she be so nice to I this morning ? lori I think she be as drunk as you last night . consider it collective amnesia . tree thank god for that . Tree look at the clock . tree ( cont 'd ) crap ! I be so late for class ! Tree start put she backpack together . her side of the room be a giant mess -- clothes , make - up , and trash strewn everywhere . tree ( cont 'd ) I can not find my damn book ! lori maybe if you clean you side of the room , you could actually find something . tree just cause I be not a ocd freak -- ( find she book ) ha ! the text book be under a pile of mail on she desk . ( note : there 's a black envelope on top of the pile but Tree pay it no attention . ) lori clear she throat behind Tree -- Tree turn around and discover she roommate hold a cupcake with a single , burn candle . lori do you really think you could keep it a secret from I ? tree how do you find out ? lori Driver 's license . not the best picture of you , I might add . tree I assume you change my ringer too ? lori ( sly ) who I ? never . Tree reluctantly take the cupcake . close she eye , she make a wish and blow the candle out . lori ( cont 'd ) what have you wish for ? tree a new roommate . lori ( laugh ) wench . and without a second think , Tree dump the cupcake into the trash . lori ( cont 'd ) hey ! tree sorry . too many carb . lori look a little hurt . Tree grab she bag . tree ( cont 'd ) toodle . lori well , you be welcome ... Tree 's already out the door . lori shake she head : Tree thoughtlessly leave the door open with lori still stand there in the towel . lori ( cont 'd ) hello ? towel here -- ! int . dr . butler 's science CLASS - morning Tree '' sneak '' into the rear of the lecture hall . dr . gregory butler ( early 30 's , chisele ) jot note on the chalkboard . gregory when extreme agitation occur , locomotive response in the subject show a acceleration across the quantum plane , where -- a quiet entrance be ruin by a very loud , squeaky door as Tree slink into the room . as she take a seat in the back she make eye-contact with she professor . be that a sneer or a smirk he just flashed she ? ext . lunch patio - afternoon a group of kappa girl have gather around a table , as danielle conduct a house meeting with the intensity of a U.N. assembly . to she right , monica keener , 18 , a nervous pledge , diligently take note on a legal pad . the other girl , include Tree , absently suck on sugar - free , no whip mochas or what they call ... lunch . visibly absent be lori . danielle -- and we still need to pick this year 's charity . I can say right now , there be no way we be do the special need art fair again . all that tard want to do be hug . totally freak my shit out . thought ? another pledge , becky shepard , 18 , a little chunky but do she best to fit - in , join the group with she tray . all eye fall on she food ... a sandwich with a side of pasta salad , and a tall glass of chocolate milk . feeling the weight of they collective stare : becky what 's wrong ? danielle I do not know . what 's wrong Tree ? tree nothing . except for the buffet you just dumped on we table . danielle and be that chocolate milk I see ? Becky look horrify . becky ( ashamed ) I miss breakfast . she get up with she tray and slam into Carter . the chocolate milk slide off the tray and splashes all over Tree . danielle crack up . tree ass -- she look up and see who it be . tree ( cont 'd ) -- hole . Carter grab some napkin from the dispenser on the table . carter I be so sorry , Tree . danielle you two know each other ? carter tree yes . no . they look at each other -- Tree 's eye could burn hole through he . Carter remember she threat earlier . carter ( sheepish ) we ...had a class together last year . Tree snatch the napkin from he and start wiping herself down . carter ( cont ’d ) I just come by to return this . 10 . he offer Tree she bracelet . carter ( cont ’d ) I do not know where you live -- Tree snatch it back and look around to see if anybody see the exchange . luckily , they do not . he wait for a '' thank you '' . tree help you ? Carter 's hurt turn to indignation . but he do not bark at she . he 's better than that . carter sorry again about the mess . Carter walk off . danielle what a douche-bag . int . campus book store - afternoon Tree , a blue work smock over the chocolate milk stain on she blouse thumb through a copy of US weekly . her boss , leonard gilbert , 40' , wormy , peer over she shoulder . leonard Teresa , I believe you be suppose to be unpack the new shipment , not read about -- ( read the cover ) -- brangelina . tree I be still on my ten . leonard you ten end ten minute ago , missy . Tree drop the magazine . as she head toward the back , she pass a display of school - spirit paraphernalia include a stack of eerie mask ( the school mascot ) . 11 . int . stock room - afternoon fluorescent light hum in the sterile room as we find Tree hunch over a pile of text book , stamp the cover with sticker that say '' reduced '' . immerse in the mind -blow monotony of she job , Tree do not see the hulking figure stand behind she . we see a BOX cutter in he dirty hand as the blade slowly slide out ... the figure lean in and slashes !-- -- the plastic band wrap around a pile of book next to Tree . she jump ! angle on keith ( the mouthbreather from before ) stand behind Tree . tree do not sneak up on I , keith . it 's creepy . keith Leonard want to know if the book be ready . Tree pick up a stack and shove they into keith 's arm . but he do not move . he just stand there like a lug , hold the stack . tree anything else , keith ? keith um ... I be wonder what you be do this Friday night ? tree be you ask I on a date , keith ? his cheek turn red . keith well ...sorta ... 12 . Tree raise the gun and stamp keith 's forehead with a '' reduced '' sticker . tree sorry , I be busy . int . campus hospital - afternoon Tree enter the lobby . her cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . Tree check the lcd : incoming call from dad . she instantly hit the ignore button as she stop in front of the elevator . the door open -- lori step out , wear she nursing scrub . tree ( surprised ) lori ... lori hi. she step out . the door close as Tree struggle with the stilted air between they . tree so , I think you only work night . lori I be do a double for Jen . she have the flu . tree we miss you at the meeting today . lori I do not think I need to be there to decide what color danielle 's hair should be this season . Tree laugh . lori ( cont 'd ) I guess I do not have to ask what you be do here . the levity between they dissolves instantly . 13. tree gotta go . nudging past lori , Tree press elevator button . lori look , Tree ... it 's none of my business but I think eventually something like that be bound to have some pretty serious consequence . the door open . Tree step inside . tree you be right . it 's none of you business . the metal door shut -- lori 's disconcert expression reflect in the polished surface . int . 4 th floor -- hospital - afternoon Tree exit the elevator and discreetly slip past the nurse 's station and disappear behind a door mark '' dr . gregory butler '' as the door close , we see a police officer station outside a door at the far end of the hall . int . gregory's office - afternoon Tree push open the door of this small cramped office and realize she 's alone for a moment . she notice a wedding picture of a happy bride and groom . she smirk , place it face side down on the desk . Gregory ( Professor butler ) enter he office , close the door behind he . gregory we can not do this . there 's too much go on in the building today . tree okay . I '’11 go . she take he car keys out of he hand and dump they in he desk drawer . 14 . gregory I have patient ... tree yeah , and I be lose mine . zip ! she have she hand down he pants , kissing he hard . gregory ( between kiss ) this do not mean you be pass my course . tree do I look like I care ? they start kissing passionately -- Tree accidentally kick the desk chair across the room . it wedge itself between the door and a file cabinet . which be perfect , as , suddenly ... someone outside open the door and try to enter , but it be jamme . stephanie Gregory ? be you there ? in what seem like a instant later ... ... Gregory and a completely dress Tree open the door for stephanie butler ( pretty , fragile ) Gregory 's wife . gregory hey , sweetie -- he give Stephanie a kiss . gregory ( cont ’d ) -- just wrapping up here . Tree squeeze past Stephanie and force a smile -- which be not return . as Gregory close the door , Stephanie glance back at Tree , who wonder if Stephanie suspect anything . int . tree 's bedroom - evening Tree sit on she bed , painting she toenail while a '' Road rule '' marathon run for the umpteenth time on MTV . there 's a light knock at the door . tree enter ... danielle walk in , all dolled - up . Tree size furrow . tree ( cont 'd ) be that my top ? danielle how cute be it on I ? tree just do not get anything on it , please . danielle you mean like Nick 's jizz ? tree wow. classy . danielle ( ignore she ) what time be you go to the party tonight ? tree I do not know ... later . Tree go back to painting she nail . just then , there be a black out . it be 9:23 . danielle we tuition dollar at work . a moment later , the light go back on . danielle ( cont ’d ) anyhoo ... do not be too late or all the cute sigma boy will be take . danielle leave . look down , Tree notice she mess up one in the blackout . Tree growl . as she reach the bottle of polish remover , she spill the of red nail polish on she bedspread . 15 . she up , brow of she toe over to grab open bottle 16 . tree damn it ! Tree jump up and grab a crumpled towel hang over she desk chair . but something make she freeze ... a photograph ... peek out beneath she unopen mail ( and the black card ) . she pick up the photo . we see Tree , dress in she high school cap and gown , frame between she proud father and mother ( Tree look just like she ) . the image cut right to Tree 's heart -- so Tree do the only thing she know , she hide the photo in the top drawer of the dresser . out of sight , out of mind . ext . the thoroughfare - night Tree , in a resplendent white cotton dress , leave she house and look around . the area be completely empty of people . most everyone at they respective pledge house . Tree check she voice mail as she walk at a brisk clip . gregory ( on the phone ) hey , it 's I . I will text you later about meeting tonight . not sure if I can get away but I will do my best . by the way , that be close this afternoon . but kinda hot . Tree laugh . save -- next message ... alan ( piss ) Tree , it 's dad . I sit in that restaurant wait for you for almost a hour -- delete . Tree snap she phone shut . at the path she come upon a block off area . she glance at she watch . 10:43 . 17 . tree shit . the light be off along the cordon and tear up path . but it be the shortest way to the quad . Tree step around the wooden barrier ... ext . the path - night Tree walk along the path , suddenly aware of ... what ? something ? someone ? tree hello ? she come across a large ditch expose a water pipe . she realize she have to edge around , towards the tree . take a deep breath , convinced she be alone , she edge she way along the ditch . her back to the tree . which be when a hand reach out from the shadow and grab she around the mouth ! her muffle scream be cut short when she 's suddenly aware of the knife that erupt from she chest ! before she can make sense of it ... she 's toss in the ditch ... ..- where she rapidly drain blood mix with the water and mud . she stare wide - eye at a uncare universe . then she be dead . slam CUT : int . carter 's dorm room - morning Tree bolt awake -- realize it be just a nightmare , she inhale deeply with relief . in the background we hear the bell toll the hour . suddenly she cell phone ring ... '' happy birthday '' play . sitting up , Tree find Carter bent over , put something away beneath the sofa . he turn around , smile . carter you be up . I be not -- 18. tree ( interrupt ) my clothes ? carter uh...on the night stand . Tree fish she phone out of she jeans -- 1 miss call from '' dad '' . she snap the phone shut . Tree start change into she clothes . Carter turn around . carter ( cont ’d ) I do not know if you remember my name . you be pretty waste last night . I be car -- tree ( interrupt ) Carter . he smile , pleasantly surprised . tree ( cont 'd ) tylenol ? carter what ? tree my head 's kill I . do you have any tylenol ? carter uh , sure . hold on a sec . Carter begin search . Tree grow inpatient and grab he toiletry bag under some clothes . she find the bottle and dump the pill in she hand . carter ( cont ’d ) ( laugh ) wow . have you be here before ? the question make Tree pause . how do she know where the aspirin be ? carter ( cont ’d ) you okay ? 19 . Tree be still think . carter ( cont 'd ) Tree ? she turn and look at he door -- there 's the sticker : '' today be the first day of the rest of you life '' suddenly , the door open . enter lanky freshman ... freshman dude ! do you hit that fine- vagine or what ?! he immediately shrink at the sight of she . a little freak , Tree push past he and hurry out . Carter shoot the freshman a look . carter Nice one , dickweed . ext . the campus - morning shield she eye from the glaring sun , Tree make the '' walk of shame '' again . but it 's all so familiar . she pass the student protester . student protester stop global warming ! the car alarm go off ... then the sprinkler , soaking the study pair . the frat pledge ... frat pledge -- not a Willie or a Sam ! I be the eighth ole 's man name Henry ! Henry the eighth , I be ! frat brother second verse , same as the first ! frat pledge oh , Henry the eighth , I be , I be !... keith , wait for Tree at the step ... 20 . keith Morning Tree . this time , she notice he . tree keith , what day be it ? keith Tuesday , the eighteenth . tree be you sure ? keith say so right here on my watch . he offer he wrist but Tree turn and look back . the whole world look a little off kilter to she . int . kappa delta house - morning Tree do not sneak in this time . but as she start up the stair ... danielle oh-my -god . you sneaky beeyotch ! Tree turn around , clearly on edge . danielle ( cont ’d ) who be it ? ( off Tree 's blank stare / offended ) sister do not keep secret . tree no , I be totally have deja vu right now . danielle I have it all the time . it 's suppose to mean somebody 's like walk over you grave or something . tree seriously . I have have it all morning . it 's crazy . 21 . danielle maybe you should switch to water next time , hon . you be so tara reid when you drink . tree thanks . i’1l keep that in mind . danielle what be sister for ? Tree start up the stair . danielle ( cont ’d ) ( call after she ) do not forget ! House meeting at lunch ! Tree stop again , turn around . danielle misinterprets the confuse look in she eye . danielle ( cont ’d ) it 's be on the schedule board since last Thursday , Tree . tree yeah ... I remember . the problem be she remember everything . int . tree 's bedroom - morning Tree be change when lori step from the bathroom , wrap in a towel . lori she finally roll - in . Tree just stare at she . lori ( cont 'd ) you be sort of a mess last night . tree Dancing on a table , barfing pretzel chunks ? lori you remember . I be shocked . 22 . tree ( be : the deja vu ) so weird . lori oh , and you ram you tongue down Nick sim 's throat right in front of danielle . tree in be ... late for class . grabbing she backpack , Tree immediately find she book on the desk . when she look up , lori have the cupcake . lori do you really think you could keep it a secret from I ? she hand the cupcake to Tree who be still totally trip . lori ( cont 'd ) do not you wanna know how I find out ? tree you look at my driver 's license . lori well , be not you the clever one . tree I gotta go . Tree set the cupcake down . lori but you do not even blow the candle out . she 's go , pull the door shut behind she . the wind blows the candle out anyway . confused by Tree 's odd demeanor , lori look down at the cupcake . close on ... the candle ... a sinewy rope of smoke rise from the extinguish wick . 23. ext . the patio - afternoon the Delta 's be around the table as before . Tree be space out as danielle hold court . danielle -- and we still need to pick this year 's charity . I can say right now , there be no way we be do the special need art fair again . all that tard want to do be hug . totally freak my shit out . thought ? Becky arrive with she lunch tray . becky what 's wrong ? danielle I do not know . what 's wrong Tree ? Tree suddenly look up -- she only catch the tail - end of the conversation . tree I be just a little tired , I guess . danielle no , dumb-ass . what 's wrong with that ? she point at Becky 's food . Tree shake she head . danielle ( cont ’d ) so not kappa-cuisine . and be that chocolate milk I see ? becky ( ashamed ) I miss breakfast . humiliate , Becky stand with she tray , she start to turn ... tree Becky , look out ! slam ! Becky collide with Carter . the chocolate milk splashes all over Tree . danielle crack up . Carter grab some napkin from the dispenser on the table . 24 . carter I be so sorry , Tree . danielle you two know each other ? tree carter no. yes . Tree slowly turn and look at Carter -- he see the fear in she eye . translates it quickly : carter we ...had a class together last year . ( to Tree ) sorry again . he start to walk off . tree hey ! he stop turn around . Tree walk up to he -- clear she throat awkwardly . Carter stare at she like she 's crazy until he look down and see she open hand . tree ( cont 'd ) my bracelet ? carter oh. yeah . here -- reaching into he pocket , he drop it into the palm of she hand . for a split-second Tree pause -- how do she know he have it on he ? Tree finally turn around and walk away . danielle ( 0.c . ) what a douche-bag . int . campus bookstore - continuous Tree , she blue smock cover she chocolate milk stain , thumb through she US weekly ... she brow be furrow , this be all so fuck familiar to she . it be irritate . she suddenly recall Leonard approach . Tree quickly hide the magazine and pretend to be pricing down some dictionary with a red pen . he eye she suspiciously . 25 . leonard what be you do ? tree ( duh ? ) work . leonard I believe you be suppose to be unpack the new shipment , not pricing dictionary . Tree drop the marker and get up . as she head toward the back , she pass the display of school spirit paraphernalia . she freeze -- -- and pick something up we do not see . tree look like she 's just see a ghost . her own . off screen , there 's a loud bang ! Tree look to she right where keith have just drop something . he look at Tree . there 's something peculiar in he eye . Tree hurry past the stock room door . keith move to the display and study what Tree just set down ... a mask . keith 's big , meaty hand curl around the mask as he slowly bring it to he face -- he breathe even louder behind the eerie plastic grin . there 's a full -length mirror to he right -- keith twist he head to the right and meet he mask reflection . off he silent stare ... int . campus hospital - afternoon Tree enter the lobby . her cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . Tree check the lcd : incoming call from dad . she instantly hit the ignore button as she stop in front of the elevator . the door open as lori step out , wear she nursing scrub . 26 . tree ( surprised ) lori ... lori hi. she step out . this time Tree step into the elevator . the door start to close but lori 's hand catch the bumper . the door open . lori ( cont 'd ) everything okay ? tree yeah . Fine . lori you be act really weird this morning . tree I be have a weird day . lori look , it 's none of my business but I think eventually something like that be bound to have some pretty serious consequence . tree lori , I really can not talk right now . lori Fine ... it 's you life . lori pull she hand back , let the door close . int . gregory's office - afternoon alone , Tree turn over the wedding photo without look at it . she push the photo under some papers . Gregory enter , and quickly close the door . gregory we can not do this . there 's too much go on in the building today . 27 . tree I need to talk to you . she reach around he ... to lock the door . gregory Tree , I know what you be go to say . tree you do ? Gregory put he car keys in he desk . gregory it 's normal for a young girl to have feeling for a older man . but you can not let it cross that line . you can not fall in love . tree I be not fall in love with you . gregory ( relieved ) you be not ? tree no . I have be have -- overcome with lust at she proximity , Gregory lift she to he desk and start to kiss she -- Tree resist but he 's not stop . Tree be overcome by a sudden sense of dread . she push he back . tree ( cont 'd ) ( breathless ) you ... wife ? he stop . gregory okay . that 's kind of a buzz kill . a jangling of the doorknob . and then a loud knock ! stephanie ( 0.s. ) Gregory ? be you in there ? 28 . gregory ( hushed ) thank god you lock the door ! Tree and Gregory hurriedly adjust they clothing and open the door -- Gregory give a lame : gregory ( cont ’d ) do not realize I lock the door . have you meet my student Teresa ? stephanie no , I do not think I have . tree hi. Tree edge past . Stephanie give Gregory a look regard Tree : what be that about ...? Gregory give the loopdy - loop international sign for part on order . int . 4 th floor -- hospital - continuous head toward the elevator , Tree pass the nurse 's station and overhear a couple nurse whisper . nurse#1 well , I be not comfortable with it . nurse#2 I neither . they both look up at Tree at the same time . Tree 's immediate think ... do they know about she and Gregory ? divert she eye , Tree reach the elevator . while she wait , she notice the police officer sit at the end of the hall . be he in she '' dream '' ? ( yes ) int . tree 's bedroom - night '' Road rule '' be on the tv . Tree be at she dresser , look at the same picture from she high school graduation . there 's a knock at the door ... Tree stuff the photo into the top drawer as danielle enter . she 's all dolled - up . Tree recognize she top instantly . reading Tree 's expression : 29 . danielle I know . I be just borrow it for tonight . how cute be it on I ? overwhelm by she deja vu , Tree look at the tv -- she recognize the challenge on '' Road rule '' . danielle ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) what time be you go to the party tonight ? ( Tree do not hear she ) hello ?... earth to space-bitch ... Tree snap out of it . tree huh ? danielle ( pretend to use sign - language ) what - time - are-you-going - to-the - party ? tree I do not know ... later . blackout . tree ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! the light come back on . danielle we tuition dollar at work . she see the fear in Tree 's eye . danielle ( cont ’d ) chill out . it 's just another roll blackout , sweetie . tree ( hopeful ) it happen before ? 30 . danielle yeah , like two week ago . I remember because I be run on the treadmill and almost eat shit . I do not know what 's so hard about keep the electricity on . anyhoo ... do not be too late or all the cute sigma boy will be take . she leave . we hold on Tree -- she face wringht with a mount sense of dread . ext . the thoroughfare - night Tree , in a resplendent white cotton dress , leave she house and look around . the area be completely empty of people . most everyone at they respective pledge house . Tree check she voice mail as she walk at a brisk clip . gregory ( on the phone ) hey , it 's I . I will text you later about meeting tonight . not sure if I can get away but I will do my best . by the way , that be close this afternoon . but kinda hot . save -- next message ... alan ( piss ) Tree , it 's dad . I sit in that restaurant wait for you for almost a hour -- delete . Tree snap she phone shut . at the path she come upon a block off area . a palpable dread wash over she . she glance at she watch . 10:43 . the light be off along the cordon and tear up path . but it be the shortest way to the quad . tree ( chide herself ) you be be a idiot . it be just a dream . 31 . Tree step around the wooden barrier ... ext . the path - night she walk the path ... skittish , but nope . nothing . she come across a ditch expose a water pipe . she need to edge around it , towards the tree . off screen a branch snap ! Tree freeze ... tree hello ? somebody there ? she look around . all seem quiet and still until she catch something or someone move in she periphery .... Tree spin around . just more space and the wood beyond ... but Tree 's eye zero - in on something peek out from behind one of the tree ... a faint glimmer of light . like the tip of a knife . be somebody hide behind the tree ? wait ? tree ( cont 'd ) screw this . Tree turn and run back the way she come and practically leap over the wooden barrier . ext . frat house - evening hurrying up the path , Tree reach the front door and ring the bell . it 's oddly quiet for a usually racous place . Tree look back over she shoulder to make sure she 's not be follow . when she turn back the door be already open . Tree 's Pov -- -- the mask instantly appear out of the darkness ! Tree scream and throw a right hook ! bam ! the light suddenly turn on revealing a crowd gather in the doorway . 32 . there 's a big '' happy birthday '' banner hang on the wall . everyone be stare at Tree in shock . somewhere in the back of the crowd , someone say : person ( 0.c. ) happy birthday ? the guy who just get slugge , nick sim ( 21 , major hottie ) pull he mask off , rub he red and swell cheek . nick what the hell , Tree ?! tree oh my god ! I think you -- I think I be -- I be so sorry . danielle step forward , address the crowd : danielle do not mess with a kappa bitch ! the crowd cheer , bring the levity back to the affair . somebody crank the music as danielle pull Tree into a hug . int . frat house - evening the party be in full swing . empty plastic cup shake on the speaker pump out some old school party anthem . push through the throng of reveler we find Tree in the corner with danielle and some other random . Tree check she cell phone -- no new message . the disappointment register on she face . danielle ( look around ) that slut . tree who ? danielle lori . she say she have be here . she 's so out of the house next year . 33 . tree I think she have a double shift . danielle whatevs . she 's be bone some mystery guy . Nick saddle up to Tree and offer she a beer . nick truce ? tree you know I do not mean it . danielle try to wedge herself between this two -- there 's lot of hair - flipping and eye-lash bat but it 's pretty obvious that Nick be more interested in Tree . tree ( cont 'd ) why be you wear that stupid mask in the first place ? nick Big game 's on Friday . just show a little school spirit . do not think I would get clocked for it . danielle laugh really loud . it 's desperate and draw a annoyed look from Nick . tree I really be sorry . do you ice it ? nick it 's fine . ( devilish grin ) you can make it up to I later . he give she a know wink before head off into the crowd . danielle look like she 's go to kill Tree . tree what ? danielle do not '' what '' I . you know exactly what you be do , Tree . tree danielle -- 34 . danielle storm off in a huff . Tree 's cell phone chime . she look at the screen . 1 new text . it 's from Gregory : '' sorry ... can not get away tonight . C U tomorrow ? '' hurt , Tree snap the phone shut . surrounded by people she hardly know or hardly want to know , Tree look sad and alone . Tree start push she way toward the front door when she see something -- -- Nick . head upstairs . he look right at Tree and flash a smile that say '' follow I '' . int . upstair hall -- frat house - moment later Tree reach the top of the stair , but Nick be already go . tree Nick ? she start down the hall . tries the first door on she right . Tree 's Pov -- the bathroom . two kappa party girl ( X - ing ; eye -wide , pupil totally dilate ) be stand shoulder to shoulder at the sink . one of they be stare at herself in the mirror while the other pet a wash - cloth like it be she cat . party girl # 1 ( stare ) I be so pretty ... party girl # 2 ( petting ) it 's so soft ... they do not even see Tree as she close the door . a little further down the hall , Tree try another door ... Tree 's Pov -- hall closet . a drunk couple be get it on . she quickly shut the door . 35 . the next door to she leave be slightly ajar ... int . nick 's bedroom - moment later Nick be sit on the bed wear the mask . tree you want I to hit you again ? he stand and approach she . face to face , Tree laugh : tree ( cont 'd ) okay , I be not into kinky . lose the mask . she try take the mask off but he stop she with a glove hand . tree ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? she see something over he shoulder ... she eye go wide with terror ! angle on -- the closet Nick 's semi-naked body lie on the closet floor . blood pool around he . Tree start to scream as she killer grab she throat ! he pull out a knife ! before he can stab she , she 's already swinging a fraternity paddle she grab off the night stand ! whack ! the hard wood , crack he arm , knock the knife out of the killer 's grip -- it drop behind the headboard ! Tree try to go for the door but he block she ! tree ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) somebody help I ! the music and crowd - walla easily drow - out she cry for help . the killer grab a hockey stick mount on the wall as Tree backpedal toward the window . she pull it half - way open when the killer take a swing ! Tree duck ! 36 . close on the bottom of the window frame as the hockey stick shear off the bottom of the wooden frame , expose the jag glass . try to squirm away , Tree lose she foot and fall back onto the window sill . the killer 's glove hand pin she down ! look up , Tree see the sharp , expose glass directly above she throat . tree ( cont 'd ) no !!! the attacker grip the top of the frame and slam the window shut ! slam CUT : int . carter 's dorm room - morning Tree wake with a scream . claw herself up into a seat position . outside , the bell chime the hour as Tree 's eye dart around the room -- note all the familiar bit and piece . tree this can not be happen ... this can not be real ! Carter be stare back at Tree , mouth agape . carter everything . ..okay ? cue '' happy birthday '' from tree cell phone . she grab the phone from she clothes on the night stand . close on -- the lcd screen incoming call from '' dad '' on the brink of hysteria , Tree grab she clothes and start change . Carter turn he back to she . 37 . carter ( cont ’d ) I do not know if you remember my name . you be -- tree -- pretty waste last night . carter yeah . tree and you be name 's Carter ? carter ( perk - up ) yeah . tree but we have never meet before ? carter not until last night . I mean , I have see you around campus but we do not exactly move in the same circle . Tree 's eye fill with tear . tree this be a nightmare .... carter ( hurt / defensive ) I be sorry ... but you be the one who want to come here last night ! Tree shove he out of the way and run for the door . she see the sticker again . tree oh-my-god . Tree throw she weight into the door , as it swing open -- freshman ( 0.c. ) dude ! do you -- the door smashes the lanky kid in the face ! freshman ( cont 'd ) ow ! sonofa -- 38 . he see Tree . see the tear run down she cheek . freshman ( cont 'd ) oh. hey . Tree push he out of the way and run down the hall . the freshman shoot Carter a look . freshman ( cont 'd ) Nice one , dickweed . ext . the campus - morning a distraught Tree hurry through the bustling campus . she try to side - step the female protester who thrust a petition at she . student protester stop global warming ! Tree slap the clipboard away . student protester ( cont ’d ) ( shouting after she ) a simple '' no - thanks '' would do ! car alarm ... sprinkler ... tree pass a group of frat pledge sing loudly . the frat brother stand beside a sign : '' 26th straight hour '' . frat pledge -- not a Willie or a Sam ! I be the eighth ole 's man name Henry ! Henry the eighth , I be ! frat brother second verse , same as the first ! frat pledge oh , Henry the eighth , I be , I be !... the crowd of onlooker cheer as one exhausted frat pledge pass out , hit he head hard on the pavement . 39 . horrify by the re-play , Tree begin to run blindly ! reaching the end of the quad , Tree bound down the step and crash into ... keith . keith Morning Tree . Tree back away from he . eye wide with fear . keith ( cont 'd ) Tree -- she keep run . int . kappa delta house - morning Tree slam the door shut . she start for the stair but be force to grab the rail . she 's have a hard time breathe . danielle ( 0.c . ) oh-my -god . you sneaky beeyotch ! Tree turn around . danielle see tear - streak cheek , the wild look in she eye . danielle ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? she can not answer . do not know how to explain . instead , she just run up the stair . danielle ( cont 'd ) Tree ?! she vanish around the corner . danielle ( cont ’d ) ( baffle ) freakshow . int . tree 's bedroom - morning Tree throw herself on she bed and sob into she pillow . lori step out of the bathroom , wet and wrap in a towel . lori she finally roll - in . 40 . lori realize Tree 's upset . lori ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's wrong ? tree I feel like I be lose my mind , lori . I do not know what 's happen to I . I be so confuse . lori just calm down and start from the beginning . Tree take a deep breath . tree have you ever have deja vu ? lori sure . everybody have . tree well , I be have it but like ... big time . this be not go to make any sense but , I have already live through this day . twice . lori Tree -- tree I know ! it 's not possible but it 's happen ! I swear to god ! lori look , Tree , I know this be a hard day with you mom and all . tree you make I a cupcake ! for my birthday ! you be about to give it to I , right ? and later tonight there 's a surprise party ! lori who tell you ? be it Becky ? 4l . tree no ! nobody tell I ! do not you see ? I know what 's go to happen before it happen ! Tree grab lori 's arm , desperate / afraid . tree ( cont 'd ) lori , somebody 's go to kill I today . lori look at Tree in total shock -- but she suddenly crack a smile and laugh . lori okay . I get it . who put you up to this ? danielle ? tree no ! this be not some stupid joke ! I be be totally serious ! it 's already happen ! but I do not know who it be ! lori okay , Tree ... you be start to freak I out . tree how do you think I feel ?! lori Tree , listen to I . nobody 's try to kill you . tree yes , they be -- lori Tree ! look at I ! gripping Tree by the shoulder , lori look into she eye . lori ( cont 'd ) you need to take the day off . skip class . get some rest . maybe you can talk to somebody . tree who ? 42. int . student health CENTER - afternoon we be close on a '' feeling chart '' ( a poster feature a series of cartoon face with categorize mood match corresponding expression . ) Tree sit rigidly on a floral print sofa , surround by other poster encourage '' communication ! '' and proclaim '' depression : it 's not you fault '' . a light rap on the door precede the entrance of dr . mary turtlebaum ( late 30 's , wispy , doe - eye , saccharine ) . she check she file before offer she hand . mary hello , Teresa , I be Mary . Mary sit down across from Tree , pen and pad at the ready . mary ( cont 'd ) so , Teresa ... what bring you here today ? Tree struggle with how to even broach she crisis . after a few prolong second of false-start and hand - wring , she decide just to blurt it out : tree I be relive the same day over and over . mary that 's fairly common . lot of people feel stick in a rut . the routine of life can often feel -- tree no , you do not get it ! I be literally live the same day over and over ! it 's like I can not get out of it ! and somebody keep kill I ! mary I be sorry ? tree he 's wear one of that school mask ! ( more ) 43 . tree ( cont 'd ) the other night -- which will actually be tonight -- he stab I to death near the quad and then last night he chop my head off with a window ! ( off Mary 's reaction ) it be break . he smashed it with a hockey stick . ( off Mary 's raise eyebrow ) nevermind . Point be , I keep die and then waking up . I be scared out of my mind ! I do not want to die again ! Mary take a beat to put this all down in she pad . Tree wait in agony for a response , for some miraculous intervention that 's go to make sense of it all . what she get be : mary ( sing -song ) okee -dokey . I be just go to recap to make sure I be get this straight . ( read from she note pad ) you wake up today , Tuesday the 18th , and you re-live the same day over and over , and the same exact thing happen in a specific , linear order , before a maniac wear a mask stab you or chop you head off , and then you wake up and start all over again ? tree yes ! but you make it sound so crazy when you say it like that ! mary Teresa , first of all , there 's no such thing as '' crazy '' . there 's a very logical explanation for what 's happen to you . tree there be ? 44 , mary of course . stress , fatigue , repress emotional trauma -- this be all powerful triggers . now what we can do , together , be figure out which of this factor be play a role in you ... situation . Tree stare at Mary incredulously as Mary begin flipping through she schedule book . mary ( cont 'd ) I be a little book tomorrow , but Thursday be wide open . tree Lady , have you hear a single word I have say ?! I can not come in Thursday ! I 'il be dead ! mary ( placate ) I be so sorry , Teresa . you be absolutely right . what I mean to say be , in two day , which will still be today , you can come in and we can get down to the bottom of this . tree right . sound great . I will just die a couple more time before I come back here to sit on this ugly couch so you can make I feel crazy and then tell I there 's no such thing as crazy even though what 's happen to I be totally - fuck - crazy ! Tree jump up and grab she bag . tree ( cont 'd ) thanks for the help . she storm out and slam the door so hard the '' feeling '' poster fall off the wall . 45 . int . tree 's bedroom - evening the dresser slowly lumber across the floor as Tree push it flush against she bedroom door . along the way , a few item fall off the top -- include Tree 's graduation photo with mom and dad . Tree pick it up , study the image for a second , trace she finger over she mother 's smile face . suddenly , somebody try the handle . Tree look at the door startle . there 's a knock then : danielle ( 0.s. ) Tree ? why 's the door lock ? tree I be ...uh ... just need a little privacy . danielle ( 0.s. ) what time be you go to the party tonight ? tree I do not know ... later . Tree look at the clock -- 9:22 then the digit change to 9:23 blackout . danielle ( 0.s. ) we tuition dollar at work . the light turn back on . danielle ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) anyhoo ... do not be too late or all the cute sigma boy will be take . Tree listen to danielle 's footstep walk away -- she eye suddenly fill with purpose ... 46 . int . tree 's bedroom - later Tree have dismantle she Ikea night stand and be nail the wood panel over the window . finish , she give they a good tug to be sure they be secure . with the window seal - shut and the door lock and securely block , she feel '' safe '' . tv back on , Tree find the cupcake lori make for she sit on she desk . she settles onto she bed and begin peel the paper off of she treat . about to take a bite , Tree notice the '' Road rule '' marathon be still play . it feel like a bad omen , she opt for a station change . Tree begin search for the remote but it 's nowhere to be find . tree ( annoyed ) lori ... what have she do with the freagin 's remote ? Tree go to she desk , riffling through loose papers when she come upon she stack of mail and the black envelope . there 's no post mark and the front be blank . perplex , Tree open it ... Inside the envelope be one of that 3 - D card feature a weird little elf wave a '' happy birthday '' sign attach to a tiny spring . as the sign bounce the elf giggle through a tiny , hide voice box . on the blank side of the card , write in black marker , a child - like scrawl read : '' hope it 's you last one ... '' disturb , Tree slowly lower the card when -- the tv turn off . Tree look at it . tree ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? she walk over and turn it back on manually . '' Road rule '' . Tree immediately change the channel . 47 . close on -- the television screen the first station change bring we to the famous open credit of '' the twilight Zone '' . tree ( cont 'd ) no shit . she change the channel again to a unfold '' break Story '' on a local news station . a female reporter stand outside the entrance to a emergency room . reporter -- where suspect murderer Joseph tomb be be treat for a gunshot wound follow a deadly shoot - out this morning that leave one officer dead . the story cut to a mug - shot of the menace killer . reporter ( cont ’d ) tomb have be the subject of a nationwide manhunt -- the tv suddenly turn off again ... Tree freeze . in the stillness , we hear a scraping noise come from the closet . at this moment , it dawns on Tree that she never check the room before she barricade herself inside . pick up the hammer , Tree advance slowly toward the closet -- the door be slightly ajar . she grip the handle ... raise the hammer , ready to strike ... pull ! angle on -- the closet empty . Tree note a lone wire hanger , gently scraping on the wall . 48 . she sigh with relief and close the door . but as she turn around , Tree 's focus move to another part of the room ... the bathroom . through the open doorway , she can see the shower -- the opaque curtain be draw . do it just move a little ? Tree cross the room . in the bathroom Tree stop at the shower . as she reach out for the curtain ... the tv turn back on ! a loud commercial blare , scare the shit out of we ! spin around , Tree look at the tv . her eye slowly move to the bed and then the slip cover where the sole of a black boot be just stick out from under the fabric . he 's hide under the bed ! tip-toeing back into the bedroom , Tree gingerly kneel down in front of the bed , keep she hammer at the ready . look over Tree 's shoulder , we see the shower curtain be OPEN -- as the mask killer emerge from the bathroom ! Tree do not see he creep toward she , the long blade of he knife at he side ... Tree yank the slip up and find the boot -- but it 's not attach to anybody . that 's when she hear it ... breathing . Tree slowly turn around ... before she can scream the killer strike ! Tree narrowly dodge the blade as it dig into the mattress ! running for she door , Tree try to push the dresser out of the way but there be not time ! the killer be already behind she . 49 . int . hallway outside tree's bedroom - continuous we hear Tree scream in agony as she blood begin to spill - out under the crack of the block door ... slam CUT : int . carter 's dorm room - morning the toll bell outside be drown out by Tree 's hysterical awaken -- thrashing and scream so loud that Carter himself scream from the shock ! carter what 's wrong ?! jumping out of bed too quickly , Tree suddenly double - over in pain . Carter rush to she side . carter ( cont 'd ) Tree --- she shove he back . her cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . Tree grab the phone and throw it against the wall . tree shut up !!! afraid , Carter jump back . Tree grab she head , distraught . tree ( cont 'd ) ohmygod..ohmygod ... make it stop , please make it stop ... Carter try to approach Tree again . carter what 's wrong ? be you sick ? tree just get away from I ! pain subside , Tree pull the T-shirt off and start change into she clothes . Carter spin around . carter I do not know what 's go on but -- 50 . Carter turn around -- Tree 's already out the door . a second later , the lanky freshman peek into Carter 's room . freshman dude ... what 's up the psycho - hottie ? ext . the campus - morning Tree stagger through the crowded thoroughfare -- she eye darting leave and right . everyone she pass have a air of menace . anyone could be she killer . tree 's Pov -- various '' suspect '' staring back ... * a professor peer at we over the rim of he coffee cup . * a painter , wear a bandana over he mouth , look up from he work to track we with he eye . * a student vendor , work behind a espresso kiosk , stare at we through a glass partition . become wind again , Tree stop in the middle of the walk way . the student protester thrust the petition at Tree ! student protester stop global warming ! Tree stagger back . the car alarm go off . then the sprinkler . behind she , the frat guy be sing ... frat pledge -- not a Willie or a Sam ! I be the eighth ole 's man name Henry ! Henry the eighth , I be ! frat brother second verse , same as the first ! 51 . Tree begin to turn in a circle , the world spin around she in a kaleidoscopic nightmare ! the protester , the car alarm and the frat guy 's voice grow louder and louder ! student begin to stop and stare at Tree , who be catch in the middle like a trap animal . the world begin to whirl faster and faster ... the voice become louder and louder ... until everything build to a deafen crescendo ! and Tree collapse onto the pavement . int . tree 's hospital room - afternoon Tree be argue with dr . elliot winter ( 50 's , kind face ) . arm fold , pout like a indignant little girl , Tree do not want to be here . tree it 's just a concussion right ? that 's not a big deal . why can not I go ? dr . winter where 's you father ? we have be try to contact he but we must have a old number on file . tree what do you need he for ? dr . winter we need you full medical history . we system 's down from the roll black - out and we can not retrieve any record . specifically , we be try to find out how many time you have be hospitalize . tree never . dr . winter Excuse I ? 52 . tree I have never be hospitalize before . a grave expression fall over the doctor 's face . tree ( cont 'd ) what ? Dr. Winter open a file and put up a series of x-ray on the light board . dr . winter we just get this back from the lab . you see here -- he run he finger over a chest X -ray . dr . winter ( cont 'd ) this be you lung . there 's some scar tissue here . at first we think it be a sign of pneumothorax . ( off Tree 's blank stare ) a collapse lung . but then we see this ... he point to light - color line crisscross through she neck and lower abdomen . dr . winter ( cont 'd ) this be sign of major trauma , Teresa . give the severity of the scar tissue and the size of the lesion ... he shake he head , unable to finish he sentence . tree what ?! slowly , Dr. Winter turn he baffle gaze on Tree . dr . winter you should be dead . the word sink in slowly . 53 . dr . winter ( cont 'd ) we be go to keep you here for observation . you heart rate 's a little low and we need -- tree ( interrupt ) I have to go . Tree start to get out of bed . dr . winter whoa . hold , on . you be not go anywhere . tree I have to go ! he 's go to kill I again ! Dr. Winter force Tree back into she bed . dr . winter Teresa , I need you to calm down ... tree no ! let I go ! dr . winter ( call out ) I need a little help in here ! two nurse 's rush into the room . dr . winter ( cont 'd ) get I three cc 's of pentobarbital right away . Tree grab Dr. Winter 's arm , plead desperately : tree please ... I do not want to die again ... dr . winter nobody 's go to hurt you Teresa . we just want to help . the nurse return with the shot . Tree take one look at the needle and start freaking out . 54 . dr . winter ( cont 'd ) ( shouting at the nurse ) hold she down , damn it ! arm pin , Tree be helpless as the needle sink into she skin . she begin to slow down , lose she motor skill . in a matter of second , she 's out again . int . tree 's hospital room - evening a thick silence fill the air as Tree slowly begin to emerge from the fog of she sedation . from she blurry Pov we be look at the door . it slowly begin to OPEN . a man enter ... as he draw closer , we see he 's wear the mask . Tree open she mouth to scream , but no sound come out ! he reach out to grab she ! Tree recoil ! but Tree 's vision pull into focus and she realize it 's just Gregory and he 's not wear a mask . he sit beside she . gregory hey ... Tree it 's I . it 's okay . tree ( alarmed ) what be you do in here ? gregory just check on you . I hear they have to sedate you . the drug take a little while to wear off . tree what day be it ? gregory Tuesday , the 18th . why ? Tree close she eye . it be not a bad dream . her eye fill with tear . 55 . tree nobody ... believe I . gregory believe what ? tree that I be die ... every day . must be the drug . Gregory brushes she hair out of she face . gregory I can not stay long . Stephanie 's get we into some god - awful charity thing tonight . but I nil come check on you first thing in the morning . Tree lick she dry-lip . tree I be really thirsty . Gregory start to pour she some water . tree ( cont 'd ) no water . can you get I a Coke ? gregory sure . be right back . he kiss she forehead and leave . int . hallway -- hospital - moment later Gregory fight with the machine as it will not take he dollar . it finally suck it in . he punch the button as the soda can dump into the tray . we track Gregory back to Tree 's room . gregory ( announce as he enter ) special delivery ... int . tree 's hospital room - continuous enter the room , Gregory come to a abrupt halt ... 56 . angle on -- tree 's empty bed she 's go . int . 4 th floor -- hospital - same Tree quietly exit the elevator -- there 's only one nurse at the station but she 's too busy read a cheesy harlequin novel to notice Tree as she tip-to right past she . reaching the door to Gregory 's office , Tree glance to she right and notice the police officer be not station at the end of the hall . but he chair be still there beside a fresh , steaming cup of coffee . int . gregory's office - continuous gingerly close the door behind she , Tree go straight to Gregory 's desk and open the top drawer . she grab what she come for ... he car keys . int . 4 th floor -- hospital - continuous peer into the hallway , Tree make sure the coast be clear . but as she reach the elevator , the door automatically open . Tree freeze ... Gregory step out . gregory Tree ? what be you do ? Tree bolt ! gregory ( cont ’d ) Tree ! running down the hall , Tree make a desperate dash for the emergency exit . she 's still weak so it 's easy for Gregory to gain ground . pass a gurney , Tree stop to push it in Gregory 's direction . it slow he down a little but not enough . Tree collide with the FIRE exit door but it do not budge . 57 . Gregory stop a few foot away from Tree . gregory ( cont ’d ) Tree , listen to I -- tree you kill I ! gregory Tree , you be delirious . let I help you . Tree turn back to the fire door and begin bang on the handle . tree somebody help I !!! she feel something wet hit she hospital gown . Tree spin around ... angle on -- gregory eye wide , blood run out of the corner of he mouth . he collapse to the floor revealing the killer stand behind he ! tree ( cont 'd ) no ... the killer rip the knife from Gregory 's back ! Tree kick the handle this time . the door swing OPEN just as the killer step over Gregory 's body . int . stairwell - continuous hobbling down the stair , Tree look up as the killer pursue ! use everything she 's get , Tree run down four more floor until she reach the first parking level . int . parking level 1 - continuous burst out the door , Tree scream for help but there 's no one around . behind she , the killer continue he relentless chase . 58 . Tree scan the area , desperately search for Gregory 's car . there 's too many ! it could be anywhere ! she start press the alarm button on he key-chain . the killer be get closer ! frantically press the button , a alarm finally go off two row over . Tree and the killer be about equidistant to the flash light and honk horn of Gregory 's car . they both pause for a split-second . wait to see who make the first move ... suck in a deep breath , Tree go for it ! running harder than she 's ever run before in she life ! the killer keep pace . it look like they be go to make it to Gregory 's car at the same time but Tree get there first . int . gregory 's car - continuous lung into the car , Tree slam the door shut and hit the lock button just as the killer slam against the driver 's side window ! Tree scream ! the killer immediately begin pound the glass with the butt of he knife . Tree try to start the car but she hand be tremble too much . tree come on !!! the glass begin to crack ! close on -- the key as it slip into the ignition . Tree start the engine and throw it in reverse ! peel rubber , Gregory 's car fly back and smashes into a park car . look ahead , Tree see the killer stand a few foot ahead . slam the gear into drive she stomp on the pedal -- the car lunge forward . the killer narrowly dive out of the way ! 59 . int . parking level 1 - continuous the killer slowly rise to he foot as Tree speed off in Gregory 's car . ext . MAIN entrance -- potsdam university - night Racing off the campus grounds , Gregory 's car fish - tail onto the main road . int . gregory 's car - night the light of the isolate campus fade from view as Tree push the speedometer past 80 . realizing she 's escape , Tree be overcome by a wild euphoria . she begin pound the steering wheel , laugh through she tear . tree I do it !!! her celebration be cut short by the sound of siren . Tree glance into the rear-view window as a police car close - in behind she . tree ( cont 'd ) shit . Tree slow down and pull onto the shoulder . officer bill santora ( 40 's , see too many clint eastwood movie ) saunter up to the driver 's side and rap he knuckle on the glass . Tree roll the window down , try to stay calm . tree ( cont 'd ) I know . I be speed . officer santora turn the engine off . tree sorry , officer . she kill the engine . officer santora license and registration . tree um ... I do not have they . 60 . officer santora pardon ? tree ( blurt out ) someone 's try to kill I again ! officer santora again ? tree yes ! ( realize how that sound ) I mean no ! I mean ... he 's try before but this time I get away but I do not have time to get my clothes and my driver 's license be in my pocket . santora grab he flashlight and shine it in Tree 's face . she squint back . officer santora ma’am , be you under the influence of alcohol or any other control substance ? tree no ! I be not -- ( pause / epiphany ) wait . if I be , do that mean you will arrest I and put I ina jail cell ? officer santora that 's usually how it work . realizing she could not be in a safer place : tree I be drunk ! officer santora you be ? tree wasted ! and I be high . pill , weed , you name it man ! I be on it ! santora could not be more confuse . 61 . officer santora well ... then I be place you under arrest . tree good idea . she get out of the car . santora cuff Tree 's hand behind she back and lead she to he cruiser . as he open the back door , Tree look at he and smile . tree ( cont 'd ) thank you . Officer santora : weirdo . he push Tree into the backseat . the police radio suddenly crackle . dispatcher all unit , we have get a 187 at the university hospital . santora pause , listen to the homicide report . dispatcher ( cont ’d ) suspect be believe to be a escape patient . be advise -- as santora look at Tree 's hospital gown he 's suddenly flood by a bright light ! we hear a engine roar ! before he can even turn , santora be strike by a speed car ! the impact sheer the back door right off as Tree scream in terror ! the unknown vehicle make a hard 180 and stop . hand cuffed tightly behind she back , Tree struggle to get out of the cruiser . foot crunching over break glass , she finally manage to shimmy out . the other car idle ... Tree can not see the driver beyond the blind high - beam . then she hear it : a door squeaking open . footstep begin to draw closer . Tree look around , there 's nowhere to hide . just mile of wood ... the driver , step in front of one of the headlight -- backlit , we see it 's the mask killer . 62 . tree ( scream ) why be you do this to I ?! unsheathe he hunt knife , the killer begin to advance . Tree run ! ext . wood - continuous Fighting for balance , Tree make a futile attempt to flee as she killer , with a clear advantage , take he time . toying with she . Tree scream for help but there 's nothing but mile of forest . branch whip Tree in the face as she bare foot crunch over twig and , tiny jag rock . with only a two -second lead , Tree run as fast as she can . look over she shoulder , the killer be gain ground ! ahead , Tree see some light through the tree up ahead ! tree ( scream ) help ! help I ! she look back over she shoulder again -- she 's suddenly confuse . he 's not behind she anymore ... break out of the forest , Tree reach a short clear -- she can see the light of a farm come into view . then she drop out of frame ! she just run off a cliff . we hear Tree cry out as she plummet over two hundred foot ! as she 's about to make impact with the jag rock below we ... slam CUT : * alternate death scene -- cont . from page 61 * 63 . int . police car - night Tree have just be place into the backseat by Officer santora . a split-second after he close the car door ... wham ! santora be strike by a speed car as it broad -side the police car in a flash of scraping metal and fly spark ! Tree scream ! look though the plexi-glass partition , she can see santora 's crumpled body , mercilessly display in the police car 's headlight . Tree look for the other car but it 's nowhere to be see ... suddenly , a pair of high - beam appear -- blind Tree as the car roar toward she at full throttle ! Tree go for the door handle ! but there be none ! angle on -- the speed car ! blaze a head - on collision course ! Tree brace for impact but the other car slam on its brake at the last second ! tire screech ! then ... silence . the cop car be completely flood with light now . Tree shield she eye as we hear a door open and close outside follow by slow , encroach footstep . suddenly a hand slap against Tree 's window ! Tree yelp as the masked killer come into view , peer at Tree like a bug in a jar . tree what do you want ?! he present something to she ... a birthday candle ? the killer light it . what he do next be even more baffling to Tree . he simply turn around and go back to he car . 64 . the killer 's car start to back away ... headlight fade until they be the size of distant flashlight beam ... tree ( cont 'd ) ( dumbfounded ) where 's he go ?... and then he light just go out . beat ... outside the killer' car : the black - glove hand emerge from the open driver 's side window hold the birthday candle . he drop it ... whoosh ! a flame ignite ! the fire start at the killer 's car ( driver 's side ) quickly run toward the police car ! back in the police car : Tree beat on the glass but , it too , be bullet - proof . look toward the rear of the police car , Tree can see the damage gas tank -- hemorrhage gasoline from the previous collision . angle on -- the flame running faster and faster in Tree 's direction ! close on -- tree face frame in the window as the glass suddenly reflect a orange / red glow ... tree ( cont 'd ) oh fu -- boom !!! the car explode into a massive ball of fire ! int . carter 's dorm room - morning the tower bell ring one last time as Tree 's eye SNAP OPEN ... 65 . ecu -- we see the FIRE ball flare and then vanish in the reflection of Tree 's eye . she sit up and wipe the sweat from she brow . a brief glance around the room remind she she 's still trap in the same day . tree ( sighing ) here we go again ... the open bass - line of a White -stripe -ish song start ... begin montage : ext . kappa delta house - morning the two kappa girl ( who be X -ing in the bathroom at Tree 's B - Day party ) stare up at the second floor as book , paper , even a laptop fly out of Tree 's bedroom window . int . tree 's bedroom - morning desk clear of debris , Tree sit down and begin to jot - down a list of name in a small note-pad . the '' suspect '' include keith , stephanie , danielle , and gregory ... ( but she immediately go back and cross off Gregory since he already die in front of she . ) ext . keith 's dorm room - night on she tippy - toe , Tree peer through a first - floor window . from she Pov we can see keith , already fast - asleep in he over - size sponge - Bob pajamas . Tree look disappointed as she cross he name of the top of the list . she turn around and -- --wham ! she collide with the mask killer . look down , Tree find the handle of a knife protrude from she stomach . prelap : '' happy birthday '' play on Tree 's cell phone . 66 . int . carter 's dorm room - morning already , sit up in Carter 's bed , Tree grab she ringing cell phone and make a perfect basket - toss into Carter 's trash can . Carter look at she : crazy bitch . int . bathrom -- tree's bedroom - morning Tree cut huge chunks of she hair off ( which have already be die a hot shade of bright - pink ) . ext . the patio - afternoon danielle and the other kappa girl stare in horror / disgust as Tree ( sport she new - do ) spray a bottle of cheeze - wiz into she open mouth . ext . gregory 's house - night Gregory escort Stephanie ( he 's in a tux , she 's ina gown ) out of they up - scale house . close on -- the pad as Stephanie 's name be cross out . Gregory 's sedan pull out of the circular driveway -- Tree be suddenly tackle by she killer ! Tree fall backward into a koi pond . she manage to knock the mask off , but the killer shove she head underwater ... Tree 's Pov -- through the rippling water , she can not make out the identity of she attacker . int . carter 's dorm room - morning Tree wake up and instantly lean over Carter 's bedside to puke a stream of pond - water . on Carter : gross ! ext . the campus - morning shot tastefully , Tree stroll down the thoroughfare completely naked ... angle on -- the studying pair as they look up and see Tree . the sprinkler go off but they do not even react because they be too stunne . angle on -~ the student protestor 67. student protester stop global war -- she see Tree and pull she clipboard back . angle on -- the frat pledge who follow Tree 's naked body with shocked grin . so distract be they , nobody notice when the exhaust brother pass - out . angle on -- the stair where Tree cross path with keith . his eye look like they be go to shoot out of he head . as Tree streak by , she wink at he . keith turn too quickly to follow Tree and lose he foot . he eat shit down the stair . ext . STREET -- on campus - afternoon Tree be walk with danielle when a student bump danielle . a black card fall out of she bag . Tree grab it ... it 's just like the one she find in she room earlier . danielle look guilty . Tree attack she and a cat - fight ensue right there on the street . a few bystander try to stop they . danielle and Tree fall off the sidewalk and onto the street . we hear a horn blare one long note ... Tree and danielle both turn as a on-come bus speed toward they . they both scream in unison then -- splat ! insert : Tree 's '' suspect list '' as Tree cross off danielle 's name . ext . thoroughfare - night Tree , don army fatigue and camo face paint , make herself small behind a Tree . she wait , clutching a baseball bat , as we hear approach footstep ... just as the killer enter she periphery , Tree jump out and swing ! crack ! he go down . but Tree 's face fall when she realize it be not the killer . it be just becky ( she chubby kappa sister ) , sneaking onto campus with a box of doughnut , which be now splay around she unconscious body . 68 . Tree drop the bat and rush to Becky 's aid . suddenly , there 's a snapping SOUND behind Tree . she look over she shoulder and find the killer hover over she -- armed with Tree 's own bat ! but instead of scream , Tree just sigh ... slow motion : the bat swing in close - up and connect with the side of Tree 's skull ! continue with the motion , Tree 's head slowly tilt out of frame and land on -- --a pillow as we end montage . match CUT to : int . carter 's dorm room - morning Tree 's head lie on the pillow in the same position . she open she right - eye , squinting ... outside , the bell toll -- wince in pain , Tree gradually push herself up : tree this-is-getting -really -friggin ' - old ... look to she right , she see Carter stare at she . '' happy birthday '' play on she phone . tree ( cont 'd ) I be fine . really . Tree stand . she grab she phone and dismiss the call from she father . carter I do not know if you -- she hold she hand up . tree Carter ... sshh . a moment . Carter nod as Tree shuffles over to he desk and unearth the toiletry bag . she help herself to he aspirin . 69 . carter how do you ... he watch Tree pour 2...3... 6 pill into the palm of she hand . carter ( cont ’d ) I do not think you be suppose to take that many . you could die . tree if only it be that easy . ( snap she finger ) Water , por-favor . as Carter retrieve a bottle from he bedside , Tree be already at he door . she pull it open -- the lanky freshman be already there but before he can say it ... tree ( cont 'd ) hi. I be the so-called '' fine - vagine . freshman to Tree -- how the hell do she know he be go to say that ? tree ( cont 'd ) and if that 's the way you refer to girl , then you and you hand be go to have a very last relationship . Tree push he back gently . tree ( cont 'd ) thanks for stop by . and she close the door in the freshman 's stunne face . turn around , Carter be still wear the same confuse look on he face . Tree take the bottle of water from he and knock back the pill before chugge down what 's leave of the water . she toss the empty bottle on the floor and finally acknowledge Carter 's dumbfounded stare . tree ( cont 'd ) what ? 70 . carter be you always this charming in the morning ? tree ( shit-eate grin ) just this one . Tree pull she T-shirt off . Carter spin around as she start get dress . carter so ... bad dream ? tree sorry ? carter you be scream before you fall out of bed . tree oh . I be die . again . dress , she turn around . tree ( cont 'd ) it 's a long story . carter I have get nothing to do . tree trust I . you 'il think I be bonker . Tree bend down to grab she shoe and start to leave . but the same damn sticker give she pause . '' today be the first day of the rest of you life '' Tree turn around ... tree ( cont 'd ) seriously , I hate this sticker . int . hallway -- carter 's dorm - continuous Carter catch up with Tree at the stair . 71 . tree why be you follow I ? carter I hate when people start something and they do not finish . tree look , no offense , but there 's really no point in explain any of it to you . every time I try , I end up sounding crazy which , at this point , I must be . she reach the exit . ext . the campus - continuous Tree put she shoe on just outside the dorm . Carter be still tailing she . carter so you be have bad dream . I take a elective course on neurocognition and dream content . tree hooray for you . carter maybe I can help ? tree can you stop I from re-living the same day , everyday , only to be murder by someone I may or may not know ? Carter stop . huh ? tree ( cont 'd ) think so . Tree keep go . Carter catch up again . carter you literally think you be be - live the same day ? tree yup. 72 . carter and somebody kill you ? tree yup again . they pass the student protestor . student protester stop global warming ! she thrust the clipboard at Tree , who take it and hand it off to Carter . it stall he , leave Carter in Tree 's wake . he have to run and catch up yet again ! carter come on . you be just mess with I , right ? you do not seriously think you be re-living the same day ? annoy , Tree stop . tree car alarm ... carter what ? just then , the car alarm go off . Tree turn , face the pair study on the lawn . tree sprinkler ... she snap she finger and the sprinkler go off . Tree grab Carter by he shoulder and turn he to face the frat pledge . tree ( cont 'd ) see that pledge over there ? the one with the baseball cap ? she point to the exhaust frat pledge . carter yeah ? 73. tree he 's go to pass out right now . thump . he go down on cue . shock , Carter slowly turn and look at Tree . tree ( cont 'd ) any further question ? int . dairy queen - afternoon muzak play softly in the background as Tree noisily suck down the last drop of she oreo Blizzard through a straw . Carter be stare at she , mouth agape . tree please stop look at I like I have a dildo stick to my forehead . carter sorry . I be just try to work this whole thing out . tree and how 's that go for you ? carter I guess it 's kinda like that movie '' groundhog 's Day '' , only you be not Bill Murray and instead of zany - fun you be be violently butcher . tree well , you be a nerd . do not you have some scientific theory about it ? carter first of all , I would not classify myself as a nerd . tree Carter , you have a poster of boba fett in you dorm room . you be a nerd . 74 . carter whatever . just because I like science fiction do not make I a expert on crazy chick trap in the same day . Tree look down , a little hurt . Carter feel bad . carter ( cont ’d ) look , if I be you I would stop try to figure out how it be happen and start figure out why . tree what do you mean ? carter there have to be a reason you be stick in this day . out of all the day of you life , this day must have some kind of meaning . tree but it 's like any other day . except the die part . suddenly , Tree 's phone ring -- she look at she caller id . it 's dad again . Tree think of answer it ... but balk . Tree nod . carter ( off the ring - tone ) it 's you birthday ? carter ( cont ’d ) hello ?! tree so what ? birthdays be just excuse people make to eat cake and get present and shit . there 's no real meaning to a birthday . carter it 's symbolic ! whoever be kill you know it 's you birthday ! 75 . carter ( cont 'd ) here -— Carter unfold a napkin and remove a pen from he shirt pocket . Tree stare at the pen . carter ( cont ’d ) okay . that 's nerdy . let 's move on . who know it 's you birthday today and who would want to kill you ? tree well , thanks to my sorority sister , the whole school know it 's my birthday . they be go to throw I this stupid surprise party tonight . it could be anyone . at first I think it be Gregory , but he get kill last night . carter who 's Gregory ? tree one of my professor . we have be have a affair . carter Nice . tree hey , mister '' I bring a drunk girl home and take advantage of she " . do not judge . carter for the record , I do not take advantage of you . I sleep on the couch . tree ( shocked ) we do not -- carter no . you be waste and I be worried you have fall or choke on you own vomit like Janis joplin . 76 . sitting across from she in the booth , Tree discover two thing about Carter : he 's probably the sweetest guy in the whole world and he 's actually kinda cute . but she 's not let she guard down . tree well ... thanks but I would have be fine . carter yeah , I can see that . Tree manage a laugh . it 's the first time we have see she smile like this . ext . the campus - afternoon Carter be walk Tree back to she house . the sun be out , the flower be in bloom , and if they be not talk about Tree die violently every day , the moment would almost seem romantic . carter there have to be somebody you do not think of . tree that 's it . everyone who would want to kill I have a solid alibi . carter but it could be somebody who know you but you do not necessarily know they . tree Carter , that 's just dumb . do you know how many dozen of people that could be . I would spend the rest of my life die try to figure that out . Carter snicker . tree ( cont 'd ) what ? carter you just say you have have to spend the rest of you life die . ( more ) 77 . carter ( cont 'd ) it be ironic . ( off Tree 's blank expression ) get it ... '' rest of you life die '' ... ( she 's still not laugh ) sorry . I will shut up now . they reach Tree 's house . she plop -down on the short wall and release a exasperate sigh of defeat . carter ( cont ’d ) can I ask you a dumb question ? tree go for it . carter why do not you just leave the country ? tree oh , you mean like on my private jet ? I do not even have a passport . carter look , my parent give I a credit card for emergency . you have a driver 's license , right ? Tree nod . carter ( cont ’d ) that 's it , then . we will put you on a plane . Europe . Mexico . whatever . by the time you get there it 's 1ll be tomorrow . even if they send you back cause you do not have a passport it 's 1ll still be the next day . you will be home free ! tree ( genuinely touch ) you have ... do that for I ? carter my parent will freak when they get the bill but if it mean keep you alive ... yeah . of course . 78 . prelap : a horn beep ... int . carter 's vw jetta - dusk Carter and Tree be stick in a long line of car trail back from the interstate on -ramp . tree this be ridiculous . there be not even enough people in this stupid town to make a traffic jam . ( punch the dash ) God , I hate this day ! Carter clear he throat . carter so , apart from the obvious reason , why be you so down on you birthday ? tree I just think it 's dumb . he look at she . he 's not buy that answer . tree ( cont 'd ) my mom and I be bear on the same day . carter and you have have to share it all you life and it piss you off ? tree no . the opposite . it be always the best day of the year . I have get to skip school , we have go to the beach . my dad would get mom and I this big cake . there be always just one candle on it . dad say it be cause on this one day the great people he know be bear . ( she laugh ) Mom say it be cause the cake would look like a bonfire if both we age be on it . her smile fade . Carter see the sadness in Tree 's eye . 79 . carter she die , huh ? Tree nod as she shove she hurt back down . tree Three year ago . Cancer . carter sorry . that suck . tree yeah , well ... that 's life right ? everybody die . some more than other . inching closer to the on-ramp , Tree suddenly sit up in she seat -- she gaze fix ahead . tree ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... angle on -- a police officer directing the traffic around a small fender - bender , we immediately recognize he as the same cop that pull Tree over before . tree ( cont 'd ) he die ... carter who ? tree it be my fault . I make it happen . Tree look stricken with guilt as she watch the cop , dutifully wave the car toward the on-ramp -- completely unaware that three car away , a young girl he 's never even meet have see he die violently . tree ( cont 'd ) turn around . carter what ?! tree take I back ! 80. carter Tree , I be get you out of here ! reaching over , Tree grab the steering wheel . ext . highway - continuous the car behind Carter slam on its break as Carter 's car flip a bitch , swerving into oncoming traffic ! narrowly escape a major accident , Carter slip into the flow of traffic head back toward campus . close on -- the police officer shake he head disapprovingly as he continue to direct car . int . carter 's car - continuous check he rear-view mirror , Carter sigh with a mix of relief and frustration . carter be you crazy ?! tree every time I try to run , somebody die ! Nick , Gregory , that cop ! if I leave who know how many more people will die ?! carter so then what ? tree I do not know , okay ?! I just ... I do not know . Carter turn to look at she . his face be so sympathetic it clam Tree 's fray nerve like a salve . look ahead , the horizon be ablaze with a crimson glow as the school 's bell tower rise above the wood . ominous . foretelling . tree ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) I know one thing ... no more run . 81 . int . 2 nd floor hallway -- kappa house - evening a vex danielle bump into Tree as she exit Tree 's room , hold Tree 's blouse . danielle where be you ? ( off Tree 's blank stare ) you ditch we house meeting . tree danielle , I be sorry . I be just ... go through a lot right now . danielle it 's mandatory , Tree . I just finish tell you roommate the same thing . if you guy want to be kappa sister you have to stick to the schedule or else you be out . tree then I be out . Tree yank she top out of danielle 's hand and walk off . danielle be floor . danielle have fun back in the dorm ! int . tree 's bedroom - evening lori be zipping - up a small bag when Tree enter the room . as she flop down on the bed , Tree notice the cupcake sit on the night stand . lori she just bitch you out too ? tree I so could care less . lori you two fight ? tree danielle and I ? 82. lori no , you and Gregory . he ask where you be . Said you do not show up to he class . tree I can not even think about that right now . lori I be off . I have -- tree -- a double shift . I know . lori ( weird ) right . lori start out the door but stop . something be on the tip of she tongue ... but she chicken - out . lori ( cont 'd ) see ya later . tree bye . lori leave . Tree lay back down on she bed . exhaustion and pain have take they toll as she easily doze off . int . tree 's bedroom - later Tree wake up . look at the clock ... 9:19 danielle bang on the door before enter in a huff . she 's all dolled - up san Tree 's totally cute top . danielle well , it be suppose to be a surprise but since you be be a total bitch I have decide to spoil it . the party at the sigma house tonight be a surprise birthday party for you ungrateful - ass so I suggest you suck it up and go . just do not even try talk to I when you be there . get it ? 83 . danielle storm out , slamm the door behind she . instead of get upset , Tree grab the cupcake lori make she and peel - off the paper shell . she 's about to take a bite when ... blackout . tree ( in the dark ) damn it ! the light come back on and Tree find the cupcake rest upside - down on the floor . tree ( cont 'd ) so much for that . Tree pick it up and dump it in the trash . she turn the tv on . the '' Road rule marathon '' be still play . tree ( cont 'd ) oh for god 's sake , enough already ! she change the channel . the same local news report be on . but this time , she 's catch the beginning of the story . Tree instantly recognize the hospital in a wideshot -- it 's the one on campus . reporter I be stand outside potsdam University Hospital where suspect murderer Joseph tomb be be treat for a gunshot wound follow a deadly shoot - out this morning that leave one officer dead . Tree slowly rise from she bed as they CUT to tomb 's mug - shot . reporter ( cont ’d ) tomb be the subject of a nationwide manhunt that end after a five month pursuit , across four state line that leave six know female victim . ( more ) 84 . reporter ( cont ’d ) authority be still not sure if tomb be responsible for the murder of more than a dozen other victim he claim to have bury across the vast desert of Arizona and New Mexico . close on -- tree 's stunned face tree he 's be here this whole time ? flashback in tree 's mind : Tree be run from Gregory in the hospital . as she pass the room where the officer 's empty chair sit , she catch a split - second glance at the close door -- in the tiny , glass window we see speck of blood . back on tree -- as she realize tree ( cont 'd ) oh my god . he 's go to escape ... int . 4 th floor -- hospital - night the same nurse be read she harlequin novel when Tree run up to she station , startling she . tree he 's go to escape ! call the police ! nurse who ?! tree Joseph tomb ! just call the cop ! Tree run down the hall -- she catch a glimpse of the guard officer as he enter the room ! tree ( cont 'd ) wait ! do not go in there ! he do not hear she . Tree spot a FIRE axe mount on the wall . she retrieve it and approach tomb 's room . behind she the nurse call after Tree : nurse Excuse I ! what be you do ? 85 . Tree ignore she and enter the room . int . hospital room - continuous the first thing Tree see be the empty hospital bed with a pair of arm restraint dangle from the guard rail . move deeper into the room , Tree discover the officer's body lie on the other side of the bed . his throat have be slit , he gun be miss from its holster . tomb ( 0.c. ) ( Southern drawl ) hey ... Tree turn around and find she killer stand behind she . tomb ( cont 'd ) that 's a pretty big axe you get there , little girl . tomb raise the officer 's steal handgun . Tree start to swing the axe -- tomb fire twice ! both bullet ricochet off the blade , knock the axe out of Tree 's grip . Tree : oh shit . Tree bolt for the door ! tomb go after she ! int . 4 th floor -- hospital - continuous running out the door , Tree slam into the nurse . nurse what be you -- tree run ! Tree try to grab she but the nurse pause to peer into the room . bam-bam-bam ! Three rapid- fire shot take the nurse down . Tree scream and run for the elevator . she see another nurse in the hall -- she bolt for the elevator . by the time Tree reach she , the elevator door be already close ! 86 . tree ( cont 'd ) wait ! too late ! the door close on Tree . tomb round the corner . Tree be trap in the small reception area . he laugh -- cold - blooded and mock . back against the elevator door , Tree watch helplessly as tomb advance , gun raise and ready to fire ! suddenly , Carter appear behind tomb . he tackle tomb -- the gun go off twice before fall from he grip ! Tree be quick to grab the gun . she aim at tomb and fire ! click ... Tree 's eye widen in horror . it 's empty . without miss a beat , tomb pull a hunt knife tuck away and drive the blade into Carter ! tree ( cont 'd ) Carter !!! he 's dead . Tree backpedal away from the elevator as tomb rise to he foot . Tree turn and run down another corridor . it dead - end at a door mark '' stair '' . int . stairwell -- bell tower - continuous assume it be another fire - exit , Tree discover the stair only go up ... ... toward the bell tower . tomb burst through the door ! Tree race up the wooden step of this small , cramped stairwell ( metal candle holder line the wall ) -- tomb be close behind ! he lunge -- -- when Tree reach back and kick he hard in the gut ! he slip back a few step ! she kick he again -- square in the face , shatter part of the mask -- expose half of tomb dement grin . 87 . catch she ankle , he yank she hard and she nearly tumble atop he ! Tree 's kick at he , but he grip be iron clad . tomb snap a metal candle stick from the wall -- prepare to stab she with the jag metal edge ! he bring it down hard , Tree dodge the blow as the point edge jam into the soft wood of the stair ! Tree seize the moment and claw he face as hard she can . tomb scream in agony ! wriggle out from under he , Tree clamor for the entrance to the bell tower . int . bell tower - continuous moment later , tomb step into the loft . he look , where could she have go ? there 's no way out . Tree be stand on the railing . he 's confuse . she 's three flight up . he notice the rope lead from the bell tower ... -.. be tie around she neck . she turn , glare he in the eye . tree see you tomorrow , asshole . she leap ! in mid-air , the rope pull teach ! the bell ring out as we ... slam CUT : int . carter 's dorm room - morning outside , the bell be still toll as Tree 's eye snap open . she suck in a breath of air and exhales with a wheeze . Tree look pale -- we do not know how many more '' life '' she 's get leave . but she eye be fill with purpose . she know who she killer be and she 's not afraid anymore . Tree sit up and see Carter stare at she . 88 . carter you be up . I be not -- weak but elate to see he alive , Tree jump out of bed and throw she arm around Carter . tree thank you ! I can not believe you try to save I ! Carter 's body be rigid in Tree 's awkward embrace . he finally pat she back cordially . carter no biggie . she pull away as she cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . by the time she retrieve it , she 's miss she dad 's call . tree damn it . Tree pull she T-shirt off . Carter spin around . carter I do not know if you remember my name -- tree Carter . he look surprised . Tree grab a pillow from he bed . tree ( cont 'd ) can I borrow this ? carter uh...sure . why not ? tree thanks . she peck he on the cheek . tree ( cont 'd ) see you at lunch . now he 's really confuse but before he can even ask she 's already start out the door . the freshman be just arrive . as she pass he , Tree slap he ass . 89 . the freshman look at Carter -- wif ? cue a hot song with a nice beat ... ext . the campus - morning a walk of shame no more , Tree ditch she heel and chuck they in the bush before strutting down the main thoroughfare . Sun in she eye , Tree casually snatch a pair of sunglass off a passerby and put they on . he spin around and watch Tree keep go , too shocked to protest . she come across the protester ... student protester stop global -- Tree grab the clipboard out of she hand and sign the petition . she shove it back into the protester 's hand , add : tree I love Al Gore . next stop , the frat pledge ... frat pledge -- not a Willie or a Sam ! I be the eighth ole 's man name Henry ! Henry the eighth , I be ! frat brother second verse , same as the first ! frat pledge oh , Henry the eighth , I be , I be !... the exhausted frat pledge start to go down , but he fall be break by Tree . she gently lay he down and stick the pillow under he head . he 's already out like a light as Tree plant a kiss on he forehead . a hush have fall over the cheer crowd of onlooker . Tree do not pay any attention to they as she keep go . 90 . reaching the end of the quad , Tree start down the step . she see keith up ahead and wave to he . tree Morning keith ! he almost have a heart attack as she give he a bear hug . tree ( cont 'd ) have a great day . keith thanks ? as he watch Tree go , he confuse expression yield to a smitten grin . int . kappa delta house - morning start up the stair , Tree be accost by danielle . danielle oh-my -god . you sneaky beeyotch ! Tree turn around . tree ( rapid-fire ) his name 's Carter . we do not have sex . but I think if I get through this , I might have he child . lot to do . gotta go . Tree 's really rack - up the baffle expression today . int . tree 's bedroom - morning dress and ready for the biggest day of she life , Tree smile as lori exit the bathroom . lori she finally roll - in . tree lori , I be late for class but I want to say that I be sorry for be such a shitty roommate . I know you have be see somebody and you could not even talk about it with I and that 's wrong . I should have be there for you . ( more ) 91 . tree ( cont 'd ) but I want to change that . start today . lori be you okay ? Tree smile . tree never better . int . dr . butler 's science CLASS - morning late for class , Tree enter the lecture hall . the door squeak open , draw everyone 's attention -- include Gregory 's as he turn from the chalkboard . only Tree do not sit down . tree Dr. butler ... a word please ? int . hallway -- outside gregory 's CLASS - moment later Tree be already wait outside as Gregory practically explode out of the lecture hall . gregory what the hell do you think you be do ?! tree ending this . gregory wait . what ? tree I wish I have never start see you . it be wrong . anyway , I can not change that . but I can start do the right thing today . Gregory laugh -- it 's smug and condescending . gregory what lame self - help book do that come from ? tree you know something , you have a wife who really love you . ( more ) 92 . tree ( cont 'd ) if you can not be commit to she then have the ball to leave she . that shut he up . Tree start off . gregory ( shouting after she ) do not expect I to let you coast - by in my class now ! tree ( laugh ) I already drop it ! she flip he the bird before disappear out the door . ext . lunch patio - afternoon the kappa lunch meeting be in full swing . danielle be hold court when she see Tree approach the table with a tray full of junk food . she set it down and instantly dive - into a wedge of cheesecake . everyone be stare at she like she 's a leper . tree ( mouth - full ) this be totally amazing . Becky arrive with she tray -- include a sandwich , pasta salad , and the notorious glass of chocolate milk . as she sit down ... danielle do I miss the memo ? becky sorry ? danielle what 's up with the fat-fest ? we be kappa 's . Tree shove she plate of cheesecake toward danielle . tree live a little , hon . a few calory will not kill you . danielle no , they 'il just turn I into a chunker like Becky here . 93 . Becky look like she 's go to die . she start to get up with she tray of food . she do not see Carter come . smash ! they collide . only this time , Tree 's ready as she nimbly duck out of the way . Becky 's chocolate milk fly off the tray and splashes all over danielle ! Tree crack up ! carter oh my god ! I be so sorry ! tree do not be . that be perfect . Becky start laugh with Tree . danielle get up . as more people see she drip wet they start laugh too . danielle shut up ! her tantrum only make they laugh harder . burst into tear , danielle run off with some of she kappa croney chase after she . carter I do not mean to -- Tree grab he and plant a big kiss on he lip . she finally pull away . Carter 's eye be as wide as saucer . carter ( cont ’d ) what be that for ? '' happy birthday '' start play again on Tree 's cell phone . it 's dad again . tree look , I have to run but what be you up to tonight ? carter um ...nothing . tree would you like to take I out for my birthday ? 94 , carter okay . what 's the punch -line ? tree I be be serious . I know it 's kinda random but I 'il explain everything tomorrow assume there be one . just say yes . carter yes ? Tree peck he on the cheek . as she head off , Carter look at Becky -- they both share confuse grin . int . restaurant - afternoon Tree 's dad , david ( late 40 's , distinguished ) , sit in the half - empty restaurant -- a empty coffee cup in front of he . he look at he watch with a sigh before wave the waitress over to he table . david can I pay for my coffee ? waitress you be not go to eat , honey ? david no. thanks . just the check . the waitress leave . David fish out he wallet and remove a ten . but when he look up , he find Tree stand there . tree hi , daddy . sorry I be late . Tree take a seat across from he . she can tell he 's hurt . tree ( cont 'd ) you look nice . I like the tie . David look down at he tie . david thanks . 95 . a uncomfortable silence fill the air . Tree look down , ashamed she 's let the distance between they get this far . david ( cont 'd ) how 's school ? tree it 's fine . dad , I do not want to do that anymore . david do what ? tree you know ... small talk . David look surprised by she forthrightness . tree ( cont 'd ) this day ... it 's so hard . I miss she so much . and I think if I just avoid it -- and you , it have be easier . but it 's worse . all this run and hide have make I so unhappy . I think I finally figure it out . it take something crazy for I to get it . but I be here and I love you and -- ( she choke up ) I be so sorry for hurt you . Tree 's dad look visibly move . Tree wipe she own tear away . David take she hand and kiss it . david happy birthday , baby . tree thanks daddy . new shot -- from across the room we see Tree and David engage in conversation . pick - up where they leave off three year ago . int . tree 's bedroom - evening we be close on a chef 's knife as Tree slide it into the back of she jeans before hide the handle with a tight T - shirt . 96 . pull she hair back into a pony tail , she glance at she reflection in the mirror . her eye say all we need to know ... she 's ready to take control of she destiny . Teresa gelbman be go to make it to Wednesday , the 19th . even if it kill she . int . 4 th floor -- hospital - night we follow lori as she come down the hall -- she pass the nurse 's station where we hopeless romantic ( the same nurse every night ) have she face bury in the harlequin novel . lori deena , I be take my break . back in a few . the nurse do not look up . she just answer with a '' k '' . lori step into the elevator . as the door close , we see the adjacent door open revealing Tree . we heroine slip by the nurse 's station . much to she relief , she find the officer just sit down outside tomb 's room with he hot cup of coffee . Tree quietly approach he . he look up at she , surprised . police officer help you ? Tree bring a finger to she mouth , shushing he . tree ( whisper ) this be go to sound crazy , but Joseph tomb be go to escape tonight . police officer ( you crazy ? ) come again ? tree please . just check on he . 97 . police officer look , I do not know who you be , missy , but you better turn around and high - tail it out of here before I have you throw out . he do not even see it come . Tree have the blade at he throat before the officer can get the gun from he holster . tree I be really sorry but you be just gonna have to do what I say right now . police officer ( scared ) okay . take it easy . take it easy . tree now stand up very slowly . he do as he 's tell . police officer this be a real bad idea . tree so 's get kill for the sixth time . open the door . int . hospital room - continuous guide the officer into the room , Tree 's relieved to find tomb 's still asleep in he bed . police officer see ? safe and sound . she nudge the officer closer . police officer ( cont ’d ) look , he 's not -- tree shoot he . police officer what ?! 98 . tree shoot he in the head . they both do not see tomb 's eye slowly open ... police officer girly , you be out of you freakin’ mind ! close on -- tomb 's arm restraint his wrist be just rest in they but the strap be already undone . tree he 's go to kill I ! shoot he ! tomb suddenly lunge at the cop and shove the knife he be hide into the police officer 's stomach ! Tree stagger back as tomb rise from he bed . he pick up the mask sit on the table beside he bed . Tree grab the fall officer 's gun ! she aim it at tomb and squeeze the trigger ! nothing happen ! tomb the safety 's still on little girl ... the blood cover tomb throw he full weight atop she ! she go down hard -- shatter a rib ! the gun sail across the room from the impact ! he drop the knife , climb atop she , choke she with he bare hand ! tomb ( cont 'd ) I should cut off you head and be do with it ... but this feel so much better , no ? but this be not the weak and defenseless Tree who have be kill again and again . she focus -- -- and drive she open palm hard into he nose ! he cry out in pain . Tree try to run but he grab she by she shirt and throw she across the room ! Tree hit the wall like a rag doll . 99 , tomb retrieve the knife and slowly stalk over to Tree . she 's in too much pain to move . he he stand above she , the knife in the air . tomb flash a sadistic grin . but he 's surprised ... ..- when she smile back ?! 9:23 . blackout . moment pass . the light come back on . he be surprised that Tree ... be go ?! tree psst . no , not go . she take advantage of the blackout to scramble a few foot away and pick up the gun . tree ( cont 'd ) thanks for the tip . .-- and as he lunge at she , knife in hand ... .-.- she empty the gun into he chest ! tomb fall back onto the bed , a bloody mess . dead . we hold on Tree -- exhaust but still alive . a victim no - more . dissolve to : ext . kappa delta house - night the police have go , the ordeal be finally over . Carter be walk Tree to she house . carter so this have to be strangest birthday you have ever have . tree you have no idea . 100 . carter do the police say how tomb get free ? tree they really do not know . carter like houdini . tree I guess . they stop outside she front door . tree ( cont 'd ) so , sorry we little date do not happen . carter it 's okay . there 's always tomorrow . Tree glance at she watch . it 's 11:53 pm. tree ( under she breath ) I hope so . she kiss he . tree ( cont 'd ) good night . carter night . she go inside . Carter linger for a moment , totally smitten . int . tree 's bedroom - night Tree 's a little surprised to find the room empty . lori must be out with she '' new man '' . but she leave something behind ... the cupcake . Tree grab a book of match sit on a box of incense . she light the candle on the cupcake . 101 . sitting down on she bed , Tree close she eye . think of a wish . Love ? money ? Fame ? do not matter . she 's alive . Tree open she eye and blow . close on -- the wick as the flame be extinguish by Tree 's breath we be plunge into darkness . slam CUT : three beat of darkness make US think our story have ended but ... the tower bell toll the hour ... Tree 's eye flutter open . she 's a little groggy . push herself up , she eye suddenly fill with a unspeakable horror ! int . carter 's dorm room - morning Carter be put something under the couch when he notice Tree sit up in he bed . he smile . carter you be up . I be not -- tree Carter ... carter I do not think you have remember my name . you be pretty waste last night . Tree 's cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . she grab the phone ... the caller id say '' dad '' . tree no ... this can not happen ! this can not be happen ! she jump out of bed . 102 . tree ( cont 'd ) I kill he ! carter ( alarmed ) who ? what be you talk about ? she pull she T-shirt off . Carter spin around . carter ( cont ’d ) you probably just have a bad dream . it happen to I whenever I drink too much . but when he turn around , Tree 's already go . he frown . carter ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) Nice one , dickweed . ext . the campus - morning tear streaking down she cheek , Tree run past everything familiar . nothing have change . she 's trap in the same day forever ... int . tree 's bedroom - morning we can hear the shower run through the bathroom door as a border - line hysterical Tree enter . she immediately begin pull clothes from she drawer and toss they on the bed . the water stop as lori emerge from the bathroom wrap in a towel . lori oh . she 's finally back . lori notice the pile of clothes building on Tree 's bed . lori ( cont 'd ) go somewhere ? tree yes ! as far away as possible ! lori what 's wrong ? 103 . tree what 's wrong ?! i’1ll tell you what 's wrong ! I ! I be wrong ! I think if I stop run I could beat it ! but it 's never go to stop ! so I will run ! i’1l run to the end of the god-damn earth if I have to ! lori Tree , you be freaking I out . tree oh well ! that 's I ! a freak ! Tree yank the closet open , search for something . lori Tree , look ... she turn around . lori 's hold the cupcake she make for Tree . lori ( cont 'd ) happy birthday . tree ( sarcastic ) thanks , but I already eat it last night -- Tree freeze . last night ... she turn around to face she roommate -- she eye lock on the cupcake . tree ( cont 'd ) I die in my sleep . lori what ? tree you ... kill I . lori slowly set the cupcake down on Tree 's desk . tree ( cont 'd ) ( work it out ; aloud ) ( more ) 104 . tree ( cont 'd ) it be poison . but I never eat it before . flash : we see Tree throw the cupcake in the trash -- then drop it on the floor after the black out . tree ( cont 'd ) so you have to find another way . then tomb fall right into you lap ... the perfect scapegoat . flash : tomb be roll past lori on a gurney . she follow he with narrow eye as a plot be hatched in she mind . tree ( cont 'd ) you have access to he . do you drug he first ? flash : lori jam a hypordermic needle in tomb 's arm . while he 's unconscious , she change he into '' the killer 's outfit '' . she put the mask on he face and set the hunter 's knife at he side . as she slip out of the room , we see he wrist be no longer restrain . tree ( cont 'd ) you know he would wake up and escape . then they would just assume he kill I . flash : Tree 's first death . the mask killer stab she from behind . tree ( cont 'd ) but it be always you ... flash : the killer pull - up he mask revealing lori 's satisfied / hateful expression as she look down on Tree 's lifeless body in the ditch . back to tree's bedroom : lori 's stunne expression yield to a sardonic laugh . lori you have totally lose you mind . you actually think I have try to poison you with a friggin’ cupcake ? tree prove it . Tree nod to the cupcake . 105 . tree ( cont 'd ) have a bite . lori hesitates . Tree pick it up . tree ( cont 'd ) go ahead ... lori you really be nut . tree Fine . I will just take it to the police . I be sure they can see what you little birthday treat be make of . lori 's expression fall . as Tree turn , lori grab Tree by the hair ! the cupcake fall on the desk ! lori swing Tree into the wall ! Tree hit the ground , daze . lori slam the bedroom door shut and lock it . block the door , she look down on Tree . lori ( with venom ) you stupid little whore . tree why ?.. lori oh , I do not know . maybe because you would not stop sleep with he . tree Gregory ? lori but he keep choose you over I . guess all he really want be a cheap slut like you . but what I want to know be ...how do you figure it out ? tree you have kill I before . 106 . lori then I guess I will just have to do it again . Tree run for the window but lori tackle she ! she flip Tree over . grabbing she by the hair , lori begin bashing she head against the floor . suddenly , there 's a loud knock at the door ... lori stop for a second and immediately cover Tree 's mouth with she hand . danielle ( 0.s. ) what the hell 's go on in there ? lori everything 's fine ... Tree just fall . she 's okay . in she peripheral , Tree spot the up - turn cupcake lie on the desk -- just a arm 's length away ... lori suddenly become aware of Tree grab the cupcake . with she other hand , Tree punch lori in the throat ! lori gasp for air ! tree eat it , bitch ! and Tree cram the cupcake into lori 's open mouth ! as lori struggle to spit the cake out , Tree slug she again , knock lori off . Tree get to she foot fast . lori rise , spitting the last bit out . lori oh , you be dead now ... look up , Tree spy a build - in bookshelf over the window where lori be stand . with the last of she strength , Tree jump up and catch the shelf with both hand then kick lori through the window ! 107 . ext . kappa delta house - continuous Glass and wood explode as lori sail though the window ! her body bounce off the ledge , before flipping over backwards ! there 's a skull - crush thud as lori hit the stone walkway two-story below . int . tree 's bedroom - continuous danielle 's door-pound have intensify with all the commotion . danielle ( 0.s. ) what the hell be that ? angle on tree -- batter and fading tree ( wind ) lori...ate ... my birthday cupcake . we can hear some of the sorority sister 's scream outside as Tree 's eye roll back into she head and she pass out cold . fade in : ext . potsdam university hospital - morning it be a beautiful , sunny morning . half a dozen local and national news van park out front , all cover the story of the day . int . intensive care ward - morning Tree wake up in the hospital bed . beside she be Carter and she dad . tree what ... day be it ? david Wednesday , you sleep all night . tree Wednesday ? the nineteenth ? 108 . david that 's right . tree ( relieved ) I make it . she smile ... start to get up , but can not . carter you be not suppose to move . you have be bang up pretty bad . she let they lower she back down . carter ( cont ’d ) do you remember anything ? tree lori ? she 's dead ? he shake he head . david the police know everything . they find she journal . she take Carter 's hand . then she dad 's . Tree be grateful . just then , Dr. Winter appear . dr . winter she need she rest . you can visit she later . dad I love you . tree I love you , too . as dad start off , Carter steal a little kiss , add : carter you still owe I a date . Tree smile . they leave . alone with Dr. Winter : Tree wince . tree can I get something for the pain ? 109 . dr . winter in you condition , I be afraid anything I would prescribe could be dangerous . you might need to put up with some pain for a day -- can you do that ? Tree smile . tree I can handle one day . believe I . Dr. Winter excuse himself . Tree close she eye , soaking in the sunlight of this new day , pour through the window -- -- when she 's suddenly aware of a shadow over she . she see the silhouette of a nurse stand over she . the woman be prepare a syringe . Tree raise she hand to try to get a look at the nurse . tree ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . what be you do ? nurse it 's for the pain . the nurse bring the syringe to the i.v. tube . tree but ... the doctor say no . the nurse step closer ... it 's Stephanie -- Gregory 's wife . stephanie not you pain , Teresa . mine . do you think you have get away with screwing my husband ? Stephanie empty the syringe in the intravenous . tree you have get to be kid I . 110 . ..- whisper Tree , even as she begin to convulse ... slam CUT : end credit * alternate ending * int . carter 's dorm room - morning the bell toll outside . Tree stir from she slumber . she sit up ... notice she 's wear the same oversize T - shirt . tree no ... she spy Carter -- bent over , in front of the couch put something away . Tree 's eye go wide with shock as she cell phone play '' happy birthday '' . she grab it ... close on -- the lcd screen it say : private number Tree : what ? Carter turn around , hold he cell phone . he laugh as he snap it shut . Tree 's cell phone instantly stop ringing as she realize he be just fuck with she . tree ( cont 'd ) you think that 's funny ?! carter hilarious . grabbing a pillow , Tree take a swing and miss . Carter tackle Tree onto the bed . pin she down , he go in for the kiss ... but Tree suddenly push he back -- she look worried . carter ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? 111 . tree what if I get stick in this day ? Carter kiss she . it 's passionate but tempere with sweetness . he pull away . a smile break through Tree 's anxiety . tree ( cont 'd ) I guess I could live with that . Tree grab Carter 's head and pull he into another kiss . cue love-song that make teenage girl prematurely ovulate as we pull away from we lovebird ... ext . hospital bell tower - morning the bell ring one last time as the sun rise over the potsdam University campus -- its incandescent light finally keep its promise of tomorrow . fade out .