'' happy end '' Michael haneke happy end - character Georges Laurent ( 85 ) the patriarch , the last of a die breed of provincial industrialist . sense the inevitability of the decline and the imminent end of the world as he know it , he be under no illusion : Georges know he serve no useful purpose any longer . he would like to end life on he own term , but life refuse . he be constantly return to where he belong , the existence he attempt to flee once and for all . Anne Laurent ( 58 ) Georges ' daughter , perspicacious and dynamic still in she late 5as . for the survival of the family business that she now head , Anne battle -- and scheme - - with customer and banker . she have no know weakness . everything depend on she . Pierre Laurent ( 35 ) Anne 's son and the patriarch 's grandson . Pierre be a disappointment to he family , and he mother especially . destine by family tradition to run the firm , he prove incapable of do so . anyway , he be not interested . he let thing run away from he . he be slack , negligent and unlove . Thomas Laurent ( 50 ) the patriarch 's son and Anne 's young brother . Thomas be also Pierre 's uncle but he never see he nephew anymore . Thomas veer off he designate career path long ago . he be not cut out for business . he have make he name , however , in medicine . Thomas be a womanizer . divorce from he first wife , nathalie , with whom he have a 13 - year - old daughter , Eve , he remarry and be , at the age of 50 , the father of a baby boy . nathalie Laurent ( 50 ) first wife of prominent doctor , Thomas , and mother of Eve . nathalie drift through life , try in vain to be useful , if only to she daughter . abandon and ineffectual , nathalie , like many other , be unable to overcome she depressive tendency . anais ( 35 ) Thomas ' second wife , after nathalie . anais be still deeply in love ( despite Thomas 's infidelity ) . age 35 , she be also a kind and caring mother . the other have little to hold against she . the gambist ( 35 ) Thomas ' mistress . although invisible , merely evoke or allude to , the gambist be , in this story , a bolt of eroticism . Thomas be crazy about she body . Eve ( 13 ) Thomas and nathalie 's daughter be raise by she mother far from the Laurent family . she be 13 now . some aspect of she personality be still hazy , but she appear anxious , unstable , strangely cruel on occasion , and perhaps even suicidal , just like she grandfather . this final trait may provide she unwanted bond to the family . laurence bratshow ( 60 ) a English bank executive and Anne 's lover . although they rarely see each other , Anne rely on laurence , who play only a fleeting part in proceedings . title ( part 1 ) scene 1 bathroom Interior / night Computer screen , fill the frame . the camera be position statically and show the bathroom in a medium shot , in which a woman ( in she mid forty ) be get ready for bed . the follow text be type in beneath the shot . the woman follow the instruction give in the text . spit out water spit out again wipe mouth towel hairbrush repeat put hairbrush back put on night cream screw on lid put back visual check toilet the woman walk off camera ; we hear the toilet seat be raised , urination and flushing . pee flush and offit go light out we hear the open and close of the door . everything turn black for a few second . title ( part 2 ) scene 2 girl 's room Interior / Day Computer screen , fill the frame . a small animal cage , in which be a hamster . beneath the shot , the follow text be type in : hello everyone this be pip my hamster I have have he a year and a half now | just put the same tablet in he food my mum take for she depression ... let 's see what happen _ the old cow 's get worse and worse_| really can not stand she any more with she non-stop moan she drive everyone round the bend she 's always soooo sweet and soooo kind and it 's everyone else 's fault only she 's just fab my dad run away from she year ago ' cos he could not stand she constant moan all the time now she 's let it all out on I ... that 's she bloody trick she 's the only one who 's poor and alone ... you have get no chance of defend yourself you be the scumbag because she 's suffer and all the time she 's whing away at I and always know best the hamster suddenly teeter and fall over . it continue move slightly but finally lie motionless . there it seem to be work there 's always trouble with he too she say he stink which be not true at all because | always clean the cage she say | do not clean it but that 's not true she just want to slag I off and deny I any pleasure 2 a ruler be push into the cage and prod the hamster . it remain lie there motionless . now she will say | be not pay attention and it 's my fault pip die cut to black , which last several second . title ( part 3 ) scene 3 Kitchen Interior / Day Computer screen , fill the frame . fix medium shot of room . the woman from the previous scene be cooking . she appear tired and exhaust . every now and then she have to sit down . once more , the follow text be type beneath the shot . yesterday lise be here she say you mum do not actually talk to you at all she ask you something and when you reply she do something else or walk away in fact she only ever talk about herself , what she think be right and nothing else interest she how can you stand it ?? when lise be go | try to talk to she about it she say | have no idea what you want | only want the best for you but you do not want to hear and you be make life difficult for we and then it kick off again , what a hard life she have and no - one understand she and support she | just walk out there 's no point any more _ pip do not die for nothing blackout , last several second . title ( part 4 ) scene 4 live room Interior / Day Computer screen , fill the frame . Hand camera . the woman from the previous scene be lie on the sofa . she be hardly move and be breathe heavily . after a while , the follow text be type beneath the shot . how easy it be to make somebody quiet I will call the ambulance now she 's not stupid any more now and know better blackout , last several second . title ( part 5 - final part ) scene 5 construction trench exterior / Day Wide shot . a vast construction trench , deep and wide . bustle construction activity be go on in the trench , as well as above , at the edge of the trench . digger go about they work . at ground level stand construction hut . truck come and go . after a while , one of the worker break off , come forward to the edge of the trench and , almost unnotice by the other , enter one of the portable toilet place there , close the door behind he . the work continue for a while . then , unnotice by that present , the soil near the toilet break loose , and as a result one of the toilet slip to the edge of the trench , wobble and crash into the trench with a loud bang rise above the construction noise . the man work at the base of the trench stop short ; at first they be unable to believe they ear , but then they approach the cabin . a cluster of people form around the wreck toilet cabin . finally , at the top of the trench too , evidently have be call over , people approach the edge of the pit and attempt cautiously to peer down into it . scene 6 access road to tunnel in calais exterior / Day to the leave and right , the road be border by high fence barrier . Anne ( in she late fifty ) be drive and speak via a hand - free device : anne : ... so what do you think | should do now ? should | turn round ? I be nearly at the tunnel ... ( to herself , in annoyance ) : bloody hell ! man' voice : no , it 's ok . | just want to tell you . anne : so which hospital be he in ? man' voice : he 's here . | call Georges in lille , but he be in theatre . anne : so what ? be you there ? man' voice : where ? anne : in the hospital , | mean ! man' voice : yeah . anne : and ??! man' voice : nothing . they can not say anything . ( brief pause ) thing be not look too good . Anne reflect . then : anne : ok . I will see what | can do . she push a button to end the conversation . she reflect for a moment . outside , behind the fence as she pass by it , be isolate figure of black African refugee . Anne pay they no attention . finally , she make a call use speed dial . the phone ring a few time , and then male voice ( in English ) : surprise , surprise ! be you there already ? anne ( in English ) : no. sorry . | can not come . we have have a accident here . male voice ( in English , somewhat perplex ) : what kind of " accident " ? anne ( in English ) : I will tell you later , darling . I be so sorry . male voice ( in English ) : can | help you ? anne ( in English ) : no , no . everything 's ok . do not worry . I be only sad that | can not see you now . scene 7 villa . dining room . Interior / night Three generation be present : Georges ( 85 ) , Anne , anais ( Thomas ' wife , 35 ) , Pierre ( Anne 's son , rather chubby , mid to late thirty ) . jamila ( the algerian domestic , 28 ) serve the food . Pierre pour wine for Georges , the woman and himself . anne : thank you , jamila . | will not need you any more . we will clear the dish away ourselves . goodnight . jamila : bonsoir Madame . bonsoir messieur . they nod to she and wait until she have leave the room . then they eat for a while . Georges drink . Pierre follow he example . anne ( to Pierre ) : it would be nice , my dear , if you could control yourself . pierre : what do you mean ? she make a slight gesture with she head towards the wine glass . Pierre subtly roll he eye . anne : hmm ? pierre : mum , please ! brief pause . anne : do not you think | have good reason to say that ? pierre : no | do not . anne : | beg you pardon ? pierre : no , | do not think you have good reason to say that . what 's this all about ? george ( to Anne ) : I would be grateful if you could leave all you bicker until after the meal . would that be possible ? anne : ok . pause . they eat . anne : it 's not bicker . I be worried . I be sorry if I be on edge . she reach over the table to Pierre 's hand . anne ( apologetically ) : sorry . you know what I be try to say . pierre ( with slight irony ) : | know , mum . pause . anais : ... this morning | go into Alain 's room . he be already awake . he give I a big smile and say : " daddy ! " ... be not that delightful ?! that 's the second word he 's say now ... Thomas will be thrilled . scene 8 villa . Georges ' room Interior / night Georges stand at the window and look out into the night . outside , a dog bark aggressively and persistently . scene 9 intensive Care unit Interior / Day thirteen -year-old Eve stand silently in front of the glass wall through which one can see into the treatment room . a woman be lie there , she identity not possible to establish due to all the tube and instrument which be attach to she . a nurse be work beside the bed . thomas ( 0.s. ) : ... it be age ago . we fly to kenya once , | do not know , five or six year ago . hold on ... yes , it be six year ago . why ? doctor ( 0.s. ) : do you take any preventive treatment against malaria at the time ? thomas ( 0.s. ) : | can not remember . why do you ask ? doctor ( 0.s. ) : as well as the anti-depressant overdose , the lab test also indicate poisoning by this type of medication . this tablet be prescription - only . do you know whether she have any leave over at home ? thomas ( 0.s. , to Eve ) : do mum keep anything like that ? eve ( look at he , o.s. ) : | do not know . scene 10 family house . Eve 's room . Hall . live room Interior / Day Eve pack she thing into a suitcase , a large bag and a school rucksack . then she place she thing in the hall and enter the live room , where Thomas be sit . eve : I be ready . scene 11 apartment in London Interior / night lawrence bratshow , a well - groom gentleman age about 60 , be sit in front of a television with the sound mute , on which a international news programme be run . he be speak on the telephone in English . first we see just the silent tv image and hear only lawrence's voice ( in English ) :... they will not approve it without restriction ... yes , sure ... you will have to make sure he emerge unscathed , unfortunately it 's not the first time ... .ye ...| know ... we will talk about that when you be here ... cut to lawrence ( in English ) :... when ?...( smile ) : do you think I will be able to stand it that long ? ... I too my darling ... ... a committee be a committee , you know , and a loan committee be a loan committee ... yes ... if it 's up to I , tomorrow ... ( he laugh ) : yes ! ... | love you too ... sleep well , my dear . I will call you ... . and keep I post about the story , will you ?!... good night ... night . he hang up . he lean back pensively in he armchair . after a while , he remember the tv programme that be run . he lean forward and turn the volume of the tv news back up . we listen with he for a while . scene 12 villa . Thomas 's apartment Interior / night bathroom anais push she own toiletry utensil to one side . anais : ... the best thing be if you put you thing here first . we will work something out . then we will sort everything out tomorrow at we leisure , ok ? Eve nod and empty she teenager 's toiletry bag , place the item in the clear space . when both have finish , anais look at Eve , who avoid she gaze . brief pause . anais : you will see , everything will be ok again . you mum will soon be better again . eve : yeah .. anais : and we will get on well here , | know . you dad love you very much and | love you dad . ( she smile encouragingly ) : we have to get on , right ? Eve nod . anais : so. I be go to leave you alone now . do you bring a nightshirt ? Eve nod . anais : if not , you can have one of mine . ( another smile ) : after all , we be almost the same size , right ?! eve : thanks . I have get everything . anais : good . then I will leave you alone now . it 's late already and you will be tired . Eve nod . anais leave the bathroom . Eve make herself ready , clean she tooth , get undress and put on she nightshirt . in between , outside thomas ' voice : everything ok , darling ? eve : sure . thomas ' voice : I will wait for you in the kitchen . eve : ok , that 's fine . Eve finish get change . then she take she clothes and laundry and go along the corridor into the kitchen . Thomas be sit at the kitchen table , and anais be clear away the dish . Eve stop in the doorway . eve : I be ready . Thomas stand up . he be not quite sure what to do . he give anais a brief , helpless glance . she turn from he to Eve and smile at she . anais : do you want to join we ? eve ( embarrassed ) : no thanks . Thomas pull himself together and go towards eve. thomas : I will come with you . they both turn to leave . anais : hold on . she go over to Eve and embrace she awkwardly : good night . sleep well . you will see , everything will be ok . do not worry . eve : night . Eve go with Thomas along the corridor , into the live room . Thomas lead the way . before he turn on the light , he gently close the door to the adjacent bedroom . a bed be set up on the couch . Eve 's bag lie open beside it . thomas : just put you thing over the armchair . Eve do so . she stand still for a moment , embarrassed , then sit down on the bed . pause . sorry . I have have to improvise a bit . tomorrow you will get you own room . pause . eve : it 's ok , dad . pause . thomas : be there anything else | can do for you ? do you want a glass of water . ..? eve : no , no , everything 's fine . thomas : ok . then I will leave you alone . try and sleep . if you need anything , we be in the next room , ok ? eve : sure . thomas : good night . eve : good night . thomas : shall | turn the light out ? eve : ok . Thomas turn out the light and leave the room , close the door behind he . Eve sit for a while . pale light penetrate from outside through the curtain . Eve lie down and pull the cover over she . from the kitchen come the distant , indistinct voice of Thomas and anais . scene 13 servant 's quarter at the villa Interior / Day rachid ( age about 50 ) , he young wife jamila and selin , they four- year - old daughter . rachid be in the process of feed the dog , a large german shepherd , in the doorway to the courtyard . jamila be prepare breakfast for one on a tray . rachid take the tray . rachid ( in Arabic ) : where 's the marmalade ? jamila have forget it , and rush to fetch it . rachid take the tray and leave the servant 's quarter . scene 14 villa . Garden . exterior / Day continuous action . rachid cross the garden carry the tray , and enter the scene 15 villa . entrance and Anne 's office . Interior / Day continuous action . rachid walk from the entrance door to the staircase . the door to Anne 's office open . anne : good morning , rachid . rachid have stop still , the tray in he hand . rachid : good morning , Madame . anne : just in case you have not notice yet , we have a visitor last evening . my brother 's daughter from he first marriage will be live with we for the time be . her mother be sick . it would be good if jamila could come over and help anais to set up the blue room on the first floor for she . rachid : of course , Madame . I will tell she . he hold up the tray by way of explanation as soon as | get back . 10 Anne nod . then she turn away in order to go back into she office . rachid too continue on he way . then Anne turn around once more . anne : and you can introduce the girl to the dog . he have not meet she yet . rachid : | will , Madame . while rachid climb the stair with the tray , we follow Anne into the office . she put she mobile phone , which she have be hold in she hand the whole time , back to she ear . anne ( in English ) : sorry . | have to tell rachid about the girl ... no idea ... I will let it be a surprise ... it 's dreadful , what else be there to say about it ? ... | hope she recover quickly ... Thomas reckon it 's not look good ; he look into the medication she take ... yeah , let 's talk about something else ... | talk to maitre barin , and he think we should try to ... scene 16 Georges 's bedroom and bathroom Interior / Day we see from the bedroom into the bathroom , where Georges be clean he tooth . there be a knock at the bedroom door . Georges do not react . another knock , this time louder . Georges spit out . george ( call out ) : come in !! as rachid enter : rachid ( 0.s. ) : good morning , monsieur . and arrange the breakfast on the table , Georges wipe he mouth and come out of the bathroom , walk with a stick . george : good morning , rachid . rachid : be you well , monsieur ? george : | guess so . he go to the breakfast table . rachid push the chair under he and pour he tea . rachid : have you hear , monsieur ? george : Heard what ? scene 17 construction site Interior / Day Anne , Pierre and three rep from the building regulation authority . they be inspect the site of the accident in scene 10 . the toilet place on the edge of the construction pit be no longer there . all around be noisy construction activity . Pierre pierre ( irritate ) :... they just put they here ... official ( with irony ) : ...on the edge ? pierre : they be behind the barrier . normally no - one would be stupid enough to go to the toilet here . official : why not ? pierre : because they be at the back . official : who ? pierre : | mean the toilet . this one here be just put there temporarily in the morning so they could be bring down into the pit , because they do not have enough down there . official : why be not they bring down right away ? pierre : they be deliver first thing in the morning . no - one be here yet to open up down below . so they leave they here . official : behind the barrier , on the edge of the pit ? gesture in exasperation : ( evidently ! ) official : and why be nobody here yet ? pierre ( tetchily ) : because the truck come before seven , but the foreman only arrive at seven , because the barrier be check at the end of the day and | have to stay late at the office yesterday and just for once | show up here later ! thing like that can happen , right ?! the official ironically mimic Pierre 's gesture from a moment ago : ( evidently ! ) . Pierre shake he head in annoyance ( ' there 's no talk to this man ! " ) anne ( to the official , strive to calm thing down ) : the previous evening , we sit over the week 's plan until long after midnight . ( brief placatory gesture to Pierre , who be about to interrupt , then back to the official ) : | apologize , monsieur Van thamen , my son be very affect by the incident . it be obviously a chain of unfortunate event . official : certainly , madame. ( to Pierre ) : can you guarantee that the barrier be there ? the people who deliver the toilet claim they do not see it . there be two of they , sir . pierre : how be | suppose to guarantee that ? | do not take photo of what happen here every day ... if that 's what they be claim , then they be lie . 12 official : if there 's a prosecution - and that 's pretty likely - it 's you word against theirs . then you will have to prove it . after all , someone or other must have be on the site before seven second official : I have speak to people who claim the barrier be only put back in place after the accident . pierre : who 's say that ? second official : some of you employee . pierre : | wonder who that be . anne : Pierre , please ! pierre ( try to be calmer ) : it may be that the toilet rip the barrier tape away when it fall . after the accident we really have other thing to do apart from check that kind of thing . I be sorry . official : when the accident happen , be the safety officer there ? pierre : but | tell you - he be always there . official : | hope so for you sake , monsieur . and for you foreman 's sake too . where be he then ? pierre : we work shift . it 's he day off today . official : well then ... ( he turn to he entourage ) gentlemen ?! ( to Anne , in a friendly manner ) : a pleasure , Madame , as always . ( to Pierre ) : monsieur ?! pierre ( barely manage to conceal he irritation ) : Goodbye monsieur . ( nod to the other ) : gentlemen ?! the gentleman nod in response and go to they car . Pierre turn away furiously and make to go to he office . anne : Pierre ! he stop . turn reluctantly towards she . anne : be that necessary ? Pierre gesture again as before : ( evidently ! ) scene 18 Street outside Eve 's new school exterior / Day 13 the end of the school day . Eve leave the school building with numerous other child and cross the courtyard towards the street , where several car be stand , with mother and father wait . when Thomas see Eve , he too get out of he car and make himself visible . Eve see he and come towards he . on the other side of the street be the immigration authority building . a large number of black - African refugee form a large queue in front of it . Eve notice they , but barely react . as she be approach the car , Thomas get back in already and open she door from inside . she get in . thomas : it be on the way . | think , maybe it 's good if | pick you up on the first day . eve : | think you be at the hospital thomas : only till four . he drive off . pause . do not you like it ? eve : no , it 's fine . lengthy pause . thomas : so ? be it tough ? what be the other like ? eve : dunno . he look briefly over at she , then back to the road . I can not say . quite nice . thomas : sorry . he glance at she again , then back . embarrassing silence . suddenly Eve begin weep softly . Thomas do not notice right away , but then be completely overwhelm . thomas : hey ... sweetie ... as he continue drive , he place he right hand soothingly on she shoulder . this only make Eve sob even more . in panic , Thomas attempt to drive over to the right and stop the car . thomas : ... Eve ... dear .. it take he a while . impatient hooting by the car behind . then the car stop . in the meantime , Eve have calm down a little ; she rummages for a pack of paper tissue from the school rucksack at she foot , and blow she nose . 14 Thomas do not know what to say . helplessly , in a gesture of sympathy he stroke she face with the back of he hand . Eve shake she head , and glance at Thomas with a tense smile ( ' it 's ok " ) . pause . thomas : I be so sorry . Eve nod ( ' I know " ) and sniff loudly again . eve : it 's over now . it 's ok . sorry . pause . thomas : I would so like to help you eve : it 's ok . brief pause . thomas : really ? she nod . I be not use to have a daughter any more , you know . I be very inept , | know . forgive I . she glance at he , then nod . then a pause . eve : shall we drive on ? scene 19 villa . dining room . Interior / night Georges , Anne , Thomas , anais , Pierre and Eve be eat . Anne be sit opposite Eve , who be try to appear unselfconscious . when she briefly look up from she food , Anne smile at she encouragingly . Georges be barely eat ; he notice the eye contact between the two , and then look at Thomas and anais . finally , he turn to Eve . george : how old be you ? Eve look up , surprised by the unexpected question . eve : thirteen . pause . then george : | think you be older . Eve do not know what to say . she smile awkwardly . thomas ( to Georges ) : she will be fourteen in two month . ( to Eve ) : right ? 15 eve ( softly ) : yes. anne : Girls this day be much more mature than in you generation , dad . george : clearly . pause . have you be here before ? eve ( not quite understanding the question ) : here ? in calais ? thomas : we do visit here once , when | be still in arle . but she be three then . she will barely remember it . ( to Eve ) right ? eve : no | do not . pause . george : strange . thomas : what be strange ? george : that she 's here now . anne : dad ! george ( unfaze , to Eve ) : be you stay here now ? thomas : dad , she mother 's in hospital . I have already tell you twice . she 's suffer a serious drug overdose and Eve be stay here till she 's well again . george : sorry , I be senile , | know ( to Eve ) : so you be not stay here . | get it now . pause . george : still : Bienvenue a la cage aux folle . Eve smile awkwardly and nod ( ' thank you " ) . scene 20 Computer screen Interior / Day ( a few word regard the translation : in german [ and English ] , word with a sexual / obscene connotation be either neutralize or literarize or simply denunciatory and vulgar . in order to do justice to the realism of modern - day language , but also in order to avoid vulgarity , in the three relevant scene of this screenplay ( 20/25/41 ) the french word be also place in bracket . ) the first line of the e-mail be already write , i.e. fix , and the rest appear as it be type ; by way of accompaniment we hear the sound of finger on the keyboard . 16 ( beneath the line of the new text , at the beginning we read the very top line of the e-mail to which a response be now be write . as each new line be write , they disappear downward out of the frame : you play like a goddess , my love . | wonder what | have do to deserve you . my God , but | be not think of this beautiful , sophisticated woman who bewitch everyone ; | can think of nothing apart from you body , gleam so white , on the sweat - drench sheet . | lick the sweat from you skin , | lick you face , you cunt ( chatte ) , you arse ( cul ) , it 's like a sickness , | do not know how ... ) the text already write when cut to the scene : lie on my back , indolent and half asleep , my hand between my leg , | dream of what you do with I in that ugly room which be so beautiful because | lay in you arm . | wish you would destroy the porcelain doll that | be from here , upon the beginning of the scene , the text be then type : and abase I , that you would put it in my arse ( cul ) and fuck I ( baise ) until my whole body be drip with sweat to the point where one think one be die , you know , but you do not die you hand in mine that you would pee in my face , smile all the while | love you smile so much you hand in mine or that | would do all that to you or that both of we would do it all at the same time , and all kind of other thing too , something crazy and ... scene 21 Works garage and street outside exterior / Interior / night the outside night - time light , which fall through the small garage window , dimly illuminate the business vehicle of the company Laurent : truck , delivery van , etc . the company logo be on every vehicle . Georges enter the workshop through a door in the wall opposite the vehicle entrance . Light fall into the garage from the corridor behind he . Georges be in he pyjamas and robe . support himself with he stick , he hesitates . finally , he walk slowly to the car in the front row nearest the garage entrance door and take a small remote control and several key out of the pocket of he gown . have compare the number plate on one of the car with the number on the key label , he choose a key , place the remain key on the bonnet of the adjacent vehicle , climb - with some effort - into the car , and start it . use the remote control , Georges open the entrance door . he turn on the car headlight and drive out of the garage . the door close automatically behind he . scene 22 villa . Anne 's office . Interior / Day Anne have a cup of tea stand beside she and be talk on the telephone . anne : ... ask for the house number and just go there . it 's important . if they get the feel we do not care they will only bother we more . we have not get a strong set of card . you have get we into trouble , now please be kind enough to deal with it ... no ... | talk to maitre barin . they be stick to they version . you can not rely on that ... yeah ... | do 17 there be a knock at the door . anne ( irritate ) : yes ?! rachid enter . what be it then ?! rachid : Excuse I , Madame , but monsieur Georges be not there . anne : and so what ?! rachid : | go to he room , with he breakfast , but he be not there . anne : what do you mean , he 's not there ? maybe he 's in the bathroom , or go downstairs ... rachid ( interrupt ) : I have already look everywhere . he 's nowhere to be find . anne : but ... ( into the telephone ) : ... sorry , I will call you right back . ( to rachid ) : what 's that suppose to mean ? he can not just vanish into thin air . have you check with Thomas ? rachid : monsieur Thomas go to lille first thing this morning . Madame anais be still asleep , and so be Mademoiselle Eve . anne : do you look in they room ?! rachid : of course , Madame . Anne reflect . anne : hold on ... she dial a mobile number . as she wait for she call to be answer , she say : he can not be over with you , can he ? rachid shake he head . hi. this be Anne Laurent . can | speak to my brother ? .... when will he be finish ? ... can you ask he to call I right away ? it 's urgent . ... yes , thank you . she end the call . reflect . then she ask : have you look to see if he stick be upstairs ? scene 23 Interior / night 18 Computer screen , fill the frame . a pop concert with thousand of young people in the audience . suddenly , the crying of a baby . scene 24 villa . various room in Thomas 's live quarter Interior / night Eve 's room Eve in a nightshirt in front of she computer . she turn down the SOUND . go next door into the child 's room , take the cry baby out of the cot and rock he . the crying stop . anais rush in . anais : sorry , | be on the toilet . she make to take the baby , but Eve first continue rock he , before finally give he to he mother . eve : | think it be my fault . | wake he up . anais : why be you still up ? eve : | be wait . anais put the baby , who have quietened down , back to bed . eve : have dad call yet ? anais : they're in calais already . they should be here any minute . eve : so ? how be thing ? anais : apparently they be look better than first expect . eve : what do that mean ? anais : | do not know . Thomas keep it short ... we hear footstep on the staircase . | think that 's he . o.s. , we hear thomas ' voice : anais ?! anais open the door to the hall . Eve follow she . 19 Thomas and anais exchange a brief hello kiss . then thomas : hello eve. eve : hi dad . anais : well ?! Thomas head on in the direction of the kitchen . thomas : like | say , it do not look tooo bad . he could have be dead . he open the refrigerator and take out butter and cheese ; then fetch bread from the breadbin . sorry . | must eat something ; | have not have a bite since first thing this morning . he sit down and make himself some open sandwich , before eat hastily . he crash head - on into a tree . the police say it be deliberate . there be no brake mark . anais : do you believe that ? thomas ( wearily , for he have repeatedly ask himself the same question ) : | do not know . Anne think it be deliberate . anais : why ? thomas : well , you know all about he swiss escapade last December . anais understand the allusion , but Eve do not . anais : and what be he injury like ? be you able to speak with he ? thomas : no | be not . he have multiple fracture in one leg . his shoulder bone be crack , and so be a few of he rib . it all give he a good deal of pain . they have sedate he . he lean back in the armchair , exhaust . it 's all pretty stressful . Anne be completely distraught . anais : should | go down to see she ? Thomas shake he head . thomas : she say she would take two triazolam and go straight to bed . he make to get up . 20 I be go to do the same . | have to leave the house early . anais : where be he ? at you place ? thomas ( nod ) : in the emergency ward . the accident happen pretty close to lille . he go to the door and only at this point do he really notice Eve , who have be stand there . sorry , it must all be terribly unsettle for you . eve : no , no . it 's ok . I be sorry . he fleetingly stroke she cheek . thomas : do not worry . it 's all a bit much for you - you mum , and what 's go on here ... Eve shake she head ( '' it 's ok ! " ) . thomas ( turn to anais ) : we should all go to bed . it 's late . ( to Eve ) : and you have to leave the house early too . anais be the first to get up ; she put the food leftover back in the fridge . anais : you go ahead . I will be with you right away . the other two leave the room , o.s. anais too take a bite from Thomas ' food , then close the fridge and leave the frame . o.s. , she turn off the light . we still see the residual light from the hall , and hear thomas ' voice : goodnight , sweetheart . eve' voice : night , dad . we hear the open and close of door . then silence . scene 25 Computer screen Interior / night chatroom . the chat consist of text unit which each appear on the screen accompany by a short announcement tone . the text unit of both dialogue partner be identify by two different colour . the new text unit by " Red " appear in each case follow the period need in which to write they . ( the text unit of " Blue " can be read as they be be write . ) above the newly - appear unit , the message which immediately precede they can be read on the screen . as new text appear , they disappear upwards out of the frame . blue : a hour without you my skin be still red from you ... my cunt ( chatte ) hurt | smell of you no - one in the world be as happy as | be 21 blue : do not think , stop think ... I read in a stupid magazine there be once you be my king | be you princess | drank my fill from you eye , you skin , you cock , you cum ( foutre ) that be you | find you finally that 's live no , more than live in the lower half of the screen , we see as the person type the blue text input it onto the screen . simultaneously , we hear typing on the keyboard . with each pause , the write text jump into the blue text field . blue : whatever happen even if you forget I some day yours for ever | can not see properly everything be full of tear my wonderful brief pause . then the reply red : t'm thirsty for you tear and do not want you to cry but | want to see you pee with pain and be able to console you | want to hurt you because | can not see inside you right inside you brief pause . then she write blue : do not hide anything from mees you dark darkest sexual desire use mees it 's agift ithas to be use completely brief pause . then red : / will promise promise !! | love you so much brief pause . then she write again : blue : that 's good my dearest _ that 's good brief pause : then , again blue : thomas !!!!_ that be the most beautiful day ever bestow on I in my entire life | swear | never think | would go to heaven before | die '' in you hand in you smell in this crazy desire all my fear be as if wash away the only thing leave of I be skin , flesh , blood and bone happy to love you happy to burn happy to give you my heart , my arse ( cul ) and my soul happy to live brief pause . then , again blue : yesterday evening | fall asleep at 8.30 shattered by all the intensity | do not think that 's ever happen to I before not in my entire life brief pause . then , again blue : | miss you so badly but you will always be there scene 26 modern city apartment Interior / night continuous action . 22 a woman ( in she mid thirty ) be sit in front of she laptop , chat online . scene 27 villa . bedroom in Thomas 's apartment Interior / Day Computer screen , fill the frame . a sleep baby in a cot . the follow text be type in beneath the shot : | be five when my brother die of pneumonia he be two year older than I it be terrible | love he very much | miss he dreadfully | could not understand at all why he be not there any more maybe this be he replacement now another brother now I be the oldest it 's nice really for a while , after the end of the text , we continue see the sleep child . then cut to scene 28 Street with social housing Interior / Day Pierre drive up by car , get out , cross the green area in front of the house , read the name sign at the entrance and ring the bell . he have to wait a while . finally , the door open and a tall middle - age man appear . ( we do not understand what both be say , since the camera have remain on the street beside the car and have merely follow Pierre in a pan shot . ) the discussion quickly lead to raise voice . suddenly , the man strike Pierre in the face with he fist . completely take by surprise , Pierre fall backwards to the ground , and the man continue strike out at he furiously . Pierre attempt to crawl away , and the man kick into he once more , before abandon he assault , withdraw and shouting man : do not show you face around here again , you damn bastard ! it have all happen very quickly . Pierre try to stand up and stagger . he then go forward towards the car , cautiously feel he face as he go , attempt to touch he wound . he wipe away the blood which be flow from he nose . from the entrance door behind he , a passer - by now emerge and come over to the street . as she do so , she notice Pierre 's condition and look at he questioningly , but Pierre shake he head with a contort smile ( '' it 's nothing " ) . woman ( hesitantly ) : be you hurt ? can | help you ? pierre : no , no , it 's nothing . everything 's fine . thanks . scene 29 Beach by the sea , with snack bar exterior / Day brilliant sunshine . wind . 23 people bathing and surfing . Thomas and Eve be in the process of walk to the refreshment bar . in the background , on blanket spread - out in the sand , be anais and the baby . eve : ...he just put on she parka and walk off wear it . thomas : do not she try to stop he ? eve : she tell monsieur hougron , and he call in the guy 's parent . thomas : look at that ! he point to a surfer who be perform a audacious manoeuvre . Eve look in the direction in which he be point , somewhat consternate by he lack of interest . eve : what be it ? Thomas notice he mistake . thomas : nothing . that 's amazing , be not it ? and what then ? eve : well. | think they be mortify . of course he bring the parka back . but | reckon it 's pretty dreadful . thomas : yes . you sure have some harsh custom there ! eve : | guess so . they walk a few step further and reach the snack bar where a few people be wait around . by the way , they be have a competition against ( name of another school ) . in math , English , physics , chemistry and sport . I have no ... thomas ( interrupt she again ) : what would you like then ? eve : | do not know . ice-cream . Thomas ' phone ring . he look at the display , and be irritate . thomas ( to Eve ) : hold on a minute . ( into the telephone ) : hello ? at the other end , scarcely audible , be a woman' voice . Eve turn towards the snack bar and study the snack on offer on the handwritten board . a moment later thomas ( to Eve ) : can you get ice-cream for anais as well - lemon , if they have it - and a bottle of evian . he hand she he wallet , and explain : the hospital . ( with a charming grin ) : nothing work without I . I will be right back . 24 he step to one side . Eve wait she turn , then take ice-cream and water and turn back round . Thomas have disappear . she be puzzle , then look behind the snack bar . the strangely intimate tone which she hear Thomas use on the telephone make she stop short . she feel embarrassed and turn away . then she wait . she peel the paper off the ice-cream and lick it , lose in think . she watch the surfer . finally , Thomas emerge from behind the snack bar , and see Eve stand there , look lose . thomas : hello sweetheart . sorry . eve : no worry . they head off towards the family . thomas : do you get everything ? Eve hand he back he wallet . eve : yeah . they do not have any evian so | get badoit . thomas : fantastic . they walk towards the family . suddenly Eve ask eve : do you like anais ? Thomas stop and turn towards Eve : thomas : what kind of question be that ? of course ! she 's my wife . brief pause . eve : mum be you wife too . for a moment , Thomas do not know what to say ; then he laugh . thomas : that 's true . my God , you be wise for you age ! he walk on , and she follow ; then he stop again : hey , princess , of course | love she . what 's up then ? eve : absolutely nothing . I be just ask . thomas : why ? eve : no reason . he shake he head , smile ( '' what problem kid have ! " ) . they walk on . the camera stop , and they get further away . after a few step 25 thomas : do you know how | meet anais ? eve ( disinterested , as she be think about something else ) : no. thomas ( with amused laughter ) : she laid I out flat ! ( grin ) : with she car . eve : really ? thomas : not exactly . but almost . | cross the street without look and do not see she . she be drive fast , brake , she car skidd and the side of it hit I . | fall over , actually more out of shock . she be completely frazzle : " you need to see a doctor right away ! " so | say | be the doctor . she do not find that funny at all . she ... the two be now so far from the camera that we can no longer make out what they be say . finally , they reach anais and the baby . anais enthusiastically take up the thread of Thomas ' narrative while Eve hand she the bottle of water and ice-cream . Thomas , in good spirit , drop down beside she and the baby onto the spread - out towel beneath the parasol . they gabble on cheerfully to Eve , who be stand still , lick she ice-cream . Beyond , the surfer be splash about . a few black - African refugee stroll along the water 's edge , generally unheeded by the other on the beach . scene 30 Pierre 's apartment Interior / night a bachelor apartment . plush , but neglect . Pierre lie half - dress on the unmade , crumpled bed . he be sleep . the blood on he face have be partly wipe away , but some of it remain dry on . he have take off he shirt . one of he shoulder be cover with a large tattoo . the doorbell ring . Pierre wake up but remain lie there . the doorbell ring more insistently and , after a pause , ring again . Pierre do not move . silence . then Pierre 's mobile phone ring . after a while , Pierre fish for he jacket , take out he mobile phone and look to see who be call . he put it away again . after a brief silence , the mobile phone ring again . Pierre let it ring . finally he pick up . pierre ( in a hostile tone , but exhaust and softly - speak ) : yes ? we hear a agitate woman' voice , although we cannot discern what be be say . Pierre say nothing at all for a while . then , with lengthy pause in between : pierre ( same tone ) :...no .... no ...oh God !... please !!... the woman' voice continue talk insistently at he . finally , Pierre stand up wearily , go to the apartment door , open it and come back , let himself fall back onto the bed in a resign attitude . behind he , Anne enter the room . she remain stand in the doorway , contemplate the disorder . since Pierre show no sign of reacting to she , she sit down , exhaust , on a chair . Long silence . anne .:... well then ... | do not know what to say . 26 pause . pierre : just do not say anything . pause . anne ( have another go , make a effort to remain calm ) : you can not just disappear like that ! pierre ( calmly ) : can not I ? a lengthy pause . finally , she get up and sit down beside Pierre on the bed . he turn he head away . anne : let I take a look at you . she gently try to turn he head towards she . finally , he give way and look at she . she shake she head with a slight smile . anne : it could only happen to you . pierre : how kind of you to say that . he turn he head away in irritation . anne : hey , look ... | think it 's great you go there . after all , no one could have know that crazy guy would be lie in wait . pierre : mum , please ! anne : but then why do you run away ?! instead of go straight to the police ?! that could have be in we favour if we want to get they to agree ona settlement . he have not think of that . he shrug he shoulder , acknowledge he mistake . Anne give he a long gaze . anne : but why do you run away from work ? be you ashamed because you have get a black eye ?! you can not just drop everything like that . pierre : well , as you see , | can . anne ( somewhat lose she " pleasant " tone ) : and how do you think that 's go to work , if | may ask ? you have a lot in you favour , pierrot . you be my son and you be the future boss . but as you know , it 's not all set in stone . so kindly make a bit of a effort . you excess and this whole accident saga be hardly help I in my attempt to rescue the firm , you do understand that , do not you ? pierre : can you stop please , mum ?! please ! a long , helpless pause . then Anne gently place she hand on Pierre 's arm and say 27 anne ( tenderly ) : what 's the matter with you ? Pierre merely shake he head in a gesture of resignation ( ' there 's no point in talk to you " ) . anne : since when have you be drink ? | do not notice at all . pierre : | do not '' drink '' . pause . she be already familiar with this line of discussion . anne ( softly ) : what be | to do ? can | help you ? Pierre laugh a bitter , dry laugh . be you overworked ? be you scared ? do you need medical help ? renewed scornful puffing from Pierre . | just do not know ! since you move out , | have no idea what you be up to . have you get a girlfriend ? be you unhappy in you love life ? talk to I ! silence . what do you do in the evening after work ? silence . be not you talk to I any more ? pause . then pierre : | go and lie down . anne : you go and lie down ? pierre : what be | suppose to do ? ( " in you opinion ? ! " ) what do you do ? anne : | work . Pierre turn away he gaze with a scornful smirk . pause . it be only now that Anne notice for the first time the tattoo on Pierre 's shoulder . and where do you get that ? pierre : what ? anne ( point to the tattoo ) : that ... he look at she . then he stand up and leave the room . we hear he , o.s. , open the bathroom door and peeing . then the toilet flush . when he come back and make to go to the window , Anne block he way . she embrace he , he break away ; she 28 embrace he again and press he to herself , stroking he head : pierrot , my dear , sweetheart . you need to accept help . pierre ( helplessly attempt to resist ) : ... mum ...! she press herself against he and hold he tight . for a while , he give way . then he withdraw again and drop down onto the chair beside he . he attempt to resist the intimacy and look out of the window . she stand behind he and stroke he head with sadness and resignation . he tolerate this for a while , then turn he head away . she let she hand fall . after a while , she sit down on the chair beside he . both look straight ahead . after a while pierre ( softly ) : I be no good . anne : what ? pierre : I be no good . shock pause . anne : what kind of nonsense be that ?! Pierre turn towards she . pierre : but that 's exactly what you think yourself . what 's all the fuss about ?! you know very well I will never take over this bloody business . pause . anne : so what be you go to do instead ? pierre : nothing . why should | do anything ? Anne stand up and go to the window . anne ( irritate ) : stop feel sorry for yourself . and stop behave like a sulky schoolboy , just because someone punch you on the nose . what 's the point of that ?! pierre : aha , now that 's more like the mum | know . do not you want to go home and carry on with you work ? she look at he . then anne : you be beyond help . pierre ( smirk ) : you say it , mum . scene 31 29 villa . Garden . exterior / Day a ambulance drive up . rachid stand beside the gate , hold the dog by its collar . the dog bark like mad . Anne be just come out of the garden door to the villa and take a few step towards the ambulance . two paramedics open the rear door of the ambulance , take out a wheelchair , open it up and carry Georges out of the ambulance and into the wheelchair . when he be sit , Anne bend down to he and kiss he . his face bear trace of the accident . she speak to he but we cannot understand what she be say because the dog be barking . at the same time , rachid have attach the dog to a chain . he come over to the ambulance and take Georges 's luggage . the paramedics wheel Georges into the house and disappear behind the door , which rachid close behind he . the dog do not stop barking furiously . finally , the paramedics return , get into the ambulance and drive off . after a while , the door to one of the garden room be open and rachid wheel Georges onto the terrace . a few word be say , then rachid disappear back inside . Georges look into the garden . the dog bark . scene 32 karaoke bar Interior / night drunk and in good spirit , Pierre be attempt to sing along to a popular song on social issue . although he sing be lamentable and he know this to be the case  indeed some people be laugh  , he continue with the song . scene 33 Municipal care home in calais exterior / Interior / Day car park Thomas ' car arrive and park . Thomas and Eve get out and disappear into the building . reception desk . Thomas and eve. a receptionist . thomas : hello . my name be Thomas Laurent . my ex - wife , nathalie Laurent , arrive here today . this be she daughter . we would like to see she . | telephone earlier . receptionist : but we be close to visitor at the moment . thomas ( slightly irritate ; he be not use to be contradict ) : but you can make a exception . I be head of surgery in lille . | telephone . my daughter have not see she mother in week . receptionist : who do you speak to ? thomas : a lady doctor ... | do not remember she name . I be sure we can find she . the receptionist pick up the telephone . 30 receptionist : this be cop in reception . Doctor , I have get a mr... thomas : Dr. Laurent receptionist : ... a Dr Laurent . he want to visit the new arrival . the lady who arrive today . he say he speak to a lady doctor on the phone about get permission to visit , but he can not remember the name .. eve ( to Georges ) : let 's go , dad . receptionist ( look at Eve ) : he 's here with the patient 's daughter . thomas ( to Eve ) : wait a minute . receptionist : yes . yes. ok . bye . ( she hang up ) : you can go and see she . room 12 . first floor . end of the corridor on the leave . thomas : thank you . he look at Eve ( " be you come ? " ) , then both go up the stair and on the first floor along the corridor . on the way , in the company of care staff and through a number of open door , we see care - dependent resident . finally , Thomas open the door to room 12 . Wide shot of the relatively large room . six woman lie in six bed , more or less motionless . some of they occasionally utter noise . Thomas and Eve enter and have to look around before they be able to locate Eve 's mother . she be lie right on the leave next to the door . Eve approach the bed hesitantly . Thomas follow , then stop , stand back a little . Eve 's mother be motionless . time pass . Eve look at Thomas , who be unable to react . finally , Eve leave the room . Thomas follow she , and close the door . scene 34 Street in calais exterior / Day Wide shot . Georges roll up along the road . a number of people look somewhat astonished at the old man in a wheelchair . Georges pass a small group of black - African refugee , who also look at he . he stop and call they over to he . they approach he hesitantly . he try to speak with they , but appear not to succeed , since the stranger be somewhat irritate and speak with one another rather than with he . several passer - by observe the group , partly disconcert , partly amused . Georges take he watch off he wrist and hold it out to the man nearest to he , who be baffle and take a step back . the other man also find he action strange . they discuss together . a elderly gentleman have see event as he pass by , and now approach Georges and the man . he speak to Georges . the black man retreat and stroll off , some of they look around at Georges in irritation and puzzlement . Georges too watch they go ; he be annoyed at have be interrupt . there be a heat discussion between he and the elderly man . 31 scene 35 the house belong to Eve and she mother Interior / Day Thomas be show the house , which be for sale , to a middle - age couple of stranger with two child . we already see some of the room at the beginning of the film . ( precise dialogue once motif have be decide upon : explanation by Thomas , comment by the prospective purchaser and child . the reason for the sale be allude to : death of the owner . ) Eve sit in one of the room , wait . when the purchaser enter , she stand up and be introduce by Thomas as he daughter . the tour of the rest of the house be then continue without she . scene 36 villa . Georges 's bedroom . Interior / Day barber 's tool be spread out on the table . george 's voice : you can go now , rachid . | do not need you any more . rachid : as you wish , monsieur . if you need I , just ring . george 's voice : sure . rachid leave the room . Georges , whose face still bear slight trace of the traffic accident , turn towards the barber who be stand beside he . george ( smile ) : now I have offended he . the barber smile '' understandingly " . george : he shave I every day . he do not like it when someone else lay a hand on I . the barber begin cut Georges 's hair . he be in good spirit and have a very gay manner . barber ( with ironic flirtatiousness ) : but I be hardly touch you , monsieur . Georges grin . george : how be you ? barber : ah well , my profession keep I busy . Georges glance up at he and give a ironic smile . 32 george : you " profession " ? and what do that consist of ? barber : but you know that , monsieur . | cut you hair . he cut . then : | cut the hair of many gentleman . | cut the hair of monsieur delamare , | cut the hair of monsieur franck , | cut the hair ... george : you be get on my nerve , Thomas . barber : yes , monsieur . he slap he hand against he mouth . forgive I . he carry on cut . after a while george : how much do you earn each month ? the barber be gobsmack . then barber ( grin ) : that 's not the kind of question one ask , monsieur ! george ( seriously ) : do not you need any money ? barber : everyone need money . george : precisely . pause . so? barber : | do not understand what you mean , monsieur ...? Georges shake he head in resignation at so much stupidity . george : how long have you be come here now ? the barber ponder , continue to cut Georges 's hair . barber : over ten year , monsieur . george : almost twenty . you should learn how to count . my artery may be furred up , but | know exactly how many . barber ( pretend , in a coquettish manner , to be shocked ) : but I be not that old ! pause . 33 george ( in a tone of seriousness , put a end to the banter ) : you could do I a favour . the barber stop cut . barber : really ? george : I will pay you a decent amount .. barber : well ...? Georges ponder . the barber resume cut . george ( irritate ) : stop all that fiddling ! the barber lower he hand . he appear somewhat aggrieve by Georges 's manner of speak . george : ... I be sorry . the barber shake he head ( " no worry " ) . pause . george : I be stick here . the barber give a question look . george : | drive into a tree , but | be not clever enough to do it properly . barber : ... but monsieur ...? they tell I it be a accident . george ( with a slight sarcastic smile ) : yes . that kind of thing do not look too good . perplex pause on the part of the barber . george : my son be a fool . | ask he . he 's a doctor - it would have be a piece of cake for he . but he 's pig-head . the barber look at Georges in disbelief . george : last year , | be in Zurich . they refuse I . apparently I be too healthy . he smirk bitterly . anyway . I be a prisoner in this bloody chair . you understand . ( sarcastic laugh ) : now | can not even run away . pause . the barber stare at Georges . if you get I a pistol and some bullet , it will not hurt you . barber : but monsieur ... 34 george : a shotgun or a big enough quantity of tablet would work too . I have get money here . | can make you rich . at least rich enough so you do not have to carry on cut the hair of elderly fool . pause . then so ?? barber : monsieur , | do not know what to say . how be | suppose to get you that kind of thing ? | do not know anyone . george ( irritate ) : my God ... barber ( interrupt ) : and they would suspect I right away , if you ... anyway , why do you want to do it ?? you have completely take I by surprise ! george : what would you do in my position ? barber : | do not know . but you feel well , do not you ...? Georges utter a dry laugh . george : be you as naive as all that ? or be you just afraid ? the barber be initially not sure what to say . then barber : of course I be afraid . how could | do something like that ?! | can not do it . pause . then no , really . pause . george : do not scare yourself shitless . forget it . | be a fool to ask you . barber ( uncomfortably ) : no ... |... george ( refer to he hair ) : feel free to carry on . the barber hesitates a moment longer , undecided , then resume cut . both be silent . scene 37 villa . large salon with adjacent dining room Interior / night the room be full of guest . individual head : the whole family be present ( include Pierre , slight trace of the fight still visible in he face ) . Georges , impeccably groom with he freshly cut short hair , elegantly dress and bear almost no external sign of he '' accident '' , be sit in he wheelchair at the centre of the audience as they listen to a young musician . it be the woman from scene 26 . she look pretty and fragile and it be not clear whether we have see she before . she play the end of a old french viol sonata . applause . she bow ; Georges wheel himself over to she and thanks she , warmly shaking she hand and gallantly kissing the hand which have '' play so beautifully " . the 35 guest begin get up from they chair , but Anne have walk over beside Georges and in do so interrupt the guest as they be about to make for the buffet . anne : dear friend , I would like to thank you warmly on behalf of we family for all come here at such short notice and ( she gesture ) in such number to celebrate dad 's 85 " birthday . as some of you have no doubt hear , the last few week have be pretty turbulent , but we be all glad we birthday boy have recover so well and so quickly and we be full of hope that he will soon be back to full health . ( to Georges , jokingly ) : after all , what be it you always say  " only the good die young ! " chuckle and isolate laughter . Georges grin . and : on top of that , we have some good and positive news : what most of you do not know be that follow the wonderful addition to the family last year when little Alain come into the world , we have yet another new and quite unexpected addition : Thomas ' daughter from he first marriage , ( she gesture ) Eve , have come to join we and share we life . Thomas push Eve , who be stand beside he and the baby , a little towards the front , so that everyone can see she . Eve , we be very happy to have you with we . Anne initiate applause , and the guest follow suit . Eve find it all rather embarrassing . she be not quite sure how to conduct herself ; with little success , she attempt awkwardly to hide herself . so . and now | do not want to take up any more of you time . she turn to the musician : Mademoiselle , I would like to thank you with all my heart for you beautiful play . | know you have give dad great joy . the young woman bow , smile . Anne turn back towards the guest . the young musician 's gaze have wander over to Thomas , who have just turn to Eve , but in the process look in she direction . they eye meet and they gaze linger briefly before  as if catch in the act  they look elsewhere . at the same time , Anne say : after such spiritual pleasure , | do not want to keep you any longer from worldly indulgence ; the champagne and buffet be wait . | wish you all a wonderful evening . applause . chatt , the guest either go over to the buffet table , behind which jamila be stand with another arab woman , who be serve , or they remain stand , or sit down in the various seating area . small group ; couple . a few young woman come over to anais to talk about the baby she be carry on she arm . several older people come forward to join Georges , who be talk to the musician as she bend over he . 36 Anne go over to she English friend lawrence bratshow ( whom we know from scene 11 ) , link arm with he and pull he slightly away from the crowd towards the niche of the garden door : anne ( in English ) : I be so glad you come . as soon as dad 's freed himself from he young admirer , I will take you over to see he . he enjoy you company , you know , although he can hardly hear what you say any more . he be always a great admirer of the female sex . lawrence ( in English , look at Georges with a smile on he face ) : but he 's obviously well . it 's amazing - after all it be not that long ago ... anne ( in English ) : yeah . he 's awesome . ( she press he arm to she ) : ( she look over at Georges and the musician , whom Thomas be just approach , interrupt they conversation ) : he will be pleased to see you again ( smile conspiratorially ) : but do not say anything about we ... Pierre watch he mother and she lover , stand a few step away from Eve , then turn away in irritation and go over to Eve , who be stand there beside anais look a bit lose : pierre : shall we go and plunder the buffet , cuz ? Eve look up at he , snatch away from she thought . brief pause . eve : if you like ... pierre ( smile ) : after all , | can not let you waste away . do I a favour and follow my example ! be not you hungry ? at the same time , we hear anais 's discussion with she friend of the same age . she have little Alain on she arm . anais : ... and then he keep we awake the whole night . which mean | end up go into the other room with he - after all , Thomas have to leave early . first woman : you need to give he ox blood tablet . just crush they and rub they into he gum , its ... anais ( interrupt she ) : | know , | know ... we be already try everything ... massage , ox blood , chamomile extract , but once he get go , almost nothing virtually nothing work ... the day before yesterday ... Pierre place he hand lightly on Eve 's shoulder - she have a rather pain smile - and lead she towards the buffet through the people stand around , without anais really notice they departure as she continue chat . he appear slightly drunk . first man' voice : ... they just keep go down . over there , you will not get more than three to three and a half per square metre . Max . 37 first man' voice : well . it do depend on the condition . and the location too , of course . over in xxx ( name of a residential area ) it can be up to five euros ... first man' voice : yeah , luxury class , but do not you find ... first woman' voice : ... | could not care less about the south any more . | can not stand the heat . you lie around , sweat , and you can not even think straight ... second woman' voice : Valerie , you know Valerie , do not you , the one with the loud voice ... first woman' voice : ... the one who can not hear very well ... second woman' voice : exactly . she be in Spain last summer . true , it be the north coast , near orviedo . it ... Eve and Pierre arrive at the buffet . he put a plate in she hand . pierre : what would you like then ? eve : I will take a look for myself . pierre ( grin ) : how old be you ? Eve feel uncomfortable about the question in front of all the people . and in any case , he should already know . eve : fourteen . pierre : exactly . yeah . sorry . I have go to have some of jamila 's rice dish . that 's she speciality , most highly recommend . Eve nod and take a little of the hor d'oeuvre , while Pierre walk away in the direction of the rice dish . in parallel to all this , we hear snatch of conversation between that stand around : second woman' voice : ... but of course it 's a man . there would have to be a miracle , and we all know miracle do not happen very often . third man' voice : | ask you . surely you do not mean to seriously claim ... third woman' voice : I be not claim anything . I be state a fact . surely you do not want to deny that woman occupy a marginal share of managerial position ... third man' voice : be not you have any salmon ? that will not change as a result of compulsory quotas . on the contrary , it seem to I much more a case of discrimination . would you like to be in you job thanks to a quota system ? you be where you be because you be competent , not because you be a woman . third woman' voice : be you really so naive , or be you just act that way .... 38 suddenly we hear , rather too loud to remain unnotice , from near the rice dish , the " amused " voice of pierre : you must try jamila 's rice dish , my dear . it 's out of this world . you should all try it , my dear . jamila ( he embrace the young lady who , smile in embarrassment , attempt to pull away ) , jamila be we tunisian slave . she be we gift from God , she cook like Jean - Paul lacombe and we all know only too well how much we owe she . ( he applaud ) bravo jamila ! jamila ( giggle , embarrassed and flatter ) : but monsieur ! some of the people have look up in irritation . that stand nearest laugh in a somewhat pain fashion . with a gesture of apology , Anne have leave lawrence stand on he own and go over to Pierre . before she have reach he , Thomas appear beside Eve . thomas ( ignore Pierre 's provocation ) : want to come with I , sweetheart ? she turn from Pierre to Thomas , puzzle . it would be nice if you would congratulate grandpa . Eve look at she half - fill plate ( " and what be | suppose to do with that ? " ) . for a moment , Thomas do not know what to do , but then he take the plate out of Eve 's hand ... hold on , I will put it down here for a moment ... and lean across the buffet , place it on the other side of the table . at the same time , a new couple push past the buffet ( they be talk about a film that be just start - topical text to be add ) . Eve look at Pierre again , with whom Anne be now speak in a quiet , but agitate tone . the people around gloss over the embarrassing situation with vary degree of skill . thomas : come on . in a similar manner to Pierre previously , he take she by the shoulder and push she through the people in the direction of Georges . snatch of conversation as they pass by : third woman' voice : ... | think the open be plan for 2018 . summer or autumn . | do not know . | just read it somewhere in the paper . you will have to ask they ... third woman' voice : ... what kind of campaign be that ? do you know he ? FOURTH man' voice : ... | be wonder if | should get a animal like that too . there be more and more ... FOURTH man' voice : to be honest , to I it 's over the top . there 's never be a break - in ... 39 FOURTH man' voice : ... but would you like that black folk hang around outside you door ? opposite the verbecq they have get canvas shelter at the entrance to the grounds ... sixth man' voice : ... and anyway , you never know whether there be any Islamic State people among they , they be basically .... sixth woman' voice : ... sell the beach house and give the money to the kid . she say she can not go in the water any more ' cos of she rheumatism , and she do not want to sit outside and watch the other ... Thomas have work he way with Eve through the people to reach Georges . he be still engage in conversation with the young female musician . thomas : hello dad , may | interrupt you for a moment ? Eve would like to say something to you . the musician and Georges turn towards Thomas and Eve . Eve stand there not know what to do or say . george : yes ? eve : happy birthday . george : thank you . a embarrassed pause . the musician and Thomas briefly look into each other 's eye , then to Eve , who have notice the exchange of glance . george : well ?... be not | get a birthday kiss ? after a brief hesitation , Eve bend down over the wheelchair towards Georges and shyly kiss he . george ( smile ) : who be you then , sweetie ? scene 38 Law office Interior / Day Anne , Pierre and they lawyer ( maitre barin ) with he assistant , the ruffian from scene 33 and a older woman , evidently the wife of the man who have the accident . lawyer : let I welcome you here today and thank you all for come . first of all , may | just once again express my client ' regret over the unfortunate accident . as you know , the official investigation that begin immediately after the accident do not yield any indication as to any culpable conduct or fault on the part of the firm of Laurent . so we may assume that the public prosecutor 's office will shortly abandon the criminal proceedings which be automatically commence . | would also add that , in my view , neither be it possible for my client to be accuse of any civil wrong . 40 however , naturally Mr and Mrs Laurent be aware of the difficult financial situation arise for you family as a result - quite apart from the tragic nature of the incident . this be particularly in view of the fact that you young child will be dependent on you for some year to come . in theory , you could now try to claim any civil damage through the court . however , as | say , | do not consider that this would have any legal basis . nevertheless , we client be willing to support you in this difficult situation and pay you a substantial sum total eur 15,000 in order at least to lessen you financial distress . though | would stress that they be under no obligation to make such a payment . naturally you do not have to make a firm decision now on whether or not you wish to accept this offer and so avoid court proceedings . you can simply discuss the matter with a lawyer of you choice and then get back in touch with I . he look at Pierre , whose face still bear slight trace of the attack , and then back to the other side : incidentally , the prosecution authority do not yet know anything of the incident outside you house , in respect of which we have since identify a witness also resident at the same address , ms monique delorme . and - if you wish - the public prosecutor need not hear of the matter . just as there need not be any claim proceedings . do you understand what | be say ? scene 39 Hospital Interior / Day Eve , look pale and fragile in bed . she be on a drip . Thomas be on the visitor 's chair . Long silence . then eve ( softly ) : ... dunno . silence . outside , far away , someone shout , but we cannot understand what they be say . renewed pause . then thomas ( meekly ) : why do not you say anything ? eve : what ? thomas : what ?! ... that you be unhappy , that you miss you mother , that you be alone , what do I know ... we can not just see inside you . eve : so? thomas : so what ? pause . then eve ( softly ) : you be so far away . 41 Thomas be perturb and do not know whether she mean this in the physical or metaphorical sense . he spontaneously slide he chair a little closer , but end up have to smile himself at he stupidity . he lean over and take she hand . thomas : | love you . Eve nod , but do not look at he . thomas ( lean over closer ) : please believe I . I be inept , but ... | love you . eve ( look at he ) : will you take I with you , when you leave anais ? thomas ( completely take aback ) : what ?! eve : will you take I with you ? thomas : why should | leave anais ? what kind of nonsense be that ? eve : I have get another four year till I be 18 . I be not go into care . thomas : what kind of stuff be this you be cobbling together ?! why should you go into care ? eve ( look away , softly ) : ok . thomas : what do ok mean ? be you out of you mind ? what 's the meaning of all this ? | love you . no - one want to put you in care . how can you even think of such a idea ?! eve ( lift she gaze , look at he ) : will you take I with you when you leave anais ? pause . Thomas try to control himself . thomas : ok . I be tell you : I be not take you anywhere with I , because I be not leave anais . ok ? can we get back to talk sensibly ? brief pause . eve : on the beach | hear what you say on the phone . and | read you e-mail . Thomas be aghast . thomas : what do you say ?! eve ( look at he ) : dad ! please !! stop put on a act . | know you do not love anyone . you do not love mum , you do not love anais , you do not love this Claire and you do not love I . no problem about that . | just do not want to go into care . a2 Long silence . then thomas ( softly ) : why do you take mum 's tablet ? eve : there be still enough leave over . thomas : and you put they in you pocket and take they with you . just in case . eve : yeah . a helpless pause . then , awkwardly , Thomas try again to take Eve 's hand . she pull it away . eve : ow . that hurt . scene 40 Conference room and corridor at a London bank Interior / Day Conference room . we see London through the tall glass pane . Anne and maitre barin sit opposite the bank director and lawrence bratshow . lawrence ( in English ) : ... granting of the loan be however subject to the follow suspensive condition : 3.1 . that Mrs Anne Laurent pledge to ( exact corporate name of bank ) all share own by she in ( corporate name of Anne 's construction company ) for the purpose of collateralization of the loan until full repayment thereof . 3.2 . that Mr Pierre Laurent be remove from office as manage director of ( corporate name of Anne 's construction company ) and , in he place , a new manage director shall be appoint , to be nominate by ( corporate name of bank ) in agreement with Mrs Anne Laurent . bank director ( to Anne , in English ) : that be the agreement we have negotiate with ( brief glance at maitre barin ) you lawyer . | assume you be still in agreement with it ? a brief exchange of glance between Anne and maitre barin . Anne nod . the director indicate to lawrence to pass Anne the page for signature . then | would ask you kindly to sign once on behalf the company , and since you be also affect as a shareholder , to sign once more also in person . while Anne be signing : we legal department will prepare along with maitre barin the additional document require for further implementation of this agreement . once Anne have sign , first lawrence sign , then the director . Anne and lawrence exchange glance . then Anne turn to the director with a little smile . 43 anne : so. | guess that would be all ? director ( in English , amicably ) : yes . they all get up . I be glad we be able to help you . will you give my best regards to you father ? he be always such a trustworthy and pleasant person to do business with . anne ( in English ) : I would be glad to . lawrence ( in English ) : I will see you out , Madame . he place the sign document in a briefcase and pick it up . Anne and maitre barin shake the director 's hand . lawrence hold the door open for Anne and maitre barin and follow they into the corridor . continuous action . the three walk along the corridor . after a while , Anne surreptitiously take lawrence 's hand and squeeze it . they smile briefly at one another , like two child who have succeed in play a prank . maitre barin notice nothing . scene 41 Computer screen Interior / night as in scene 20 . ( below be the text of the e-mail to which a response be now be write and which be thereby disappear line by line from the screen : I can not help smell my wrist when I find myself cry a few drop of you after shave they console I crazy , be not it ? my God Thomas !!! I be not myself any more you must not leave I without you for so long come come quickly and fill my mouth , my cunt ( chatte ) and my arse ( cul ) with you cum ( foutre ) I want to beg you to call so | could bathe in you voice but what can we say to each other on the phone probably I would be as speechless as the day before yesterday itll take hour and hour one inside the body and inside the breath of the other so as to repair the damage cause by this separation ) the first line of the new e-mail be already write : my poor darling , you can not imagine what this separation mean for I too . I be count from here , from the beginning of the scene , the text appear as it be be write . we hear the SOUND of typing . the day till we see each other again . ten time a day | look at you photo on my mobile , you wonderful body , that make I crazy with desire . something stupid have happen . my daughter look around on my computer and discover we e-mail . she try to take she own life . thank God without success . | have to delete all we e-mail and from now on | can not keep anything any more . | do not know what else she might think of do . we need to agree time when we can ... a4 scene 42 villa . Georges 's bedroom Interior / Day Eve enter hesitantly . eve : dad say you want to speak to I ? Georges be sit in he wheelchair in front of the emptied plate from lunch , and look at she silently for a moment . george : no , | do not actually . pause . Eve do not know how to react . george : would you like some cheese ? brief pause . eve : no . thank you . george : it 's not bad . brief pause . eve : | do not like cheese . george : well then ... pause . george : you need to decide . in or out ? Eve look at he questioningly . george : or do you want to keep stand in the doorway ? Eve look at he and shrug she shoulder ( " I do not know , it depend on you " ) . george : now close the door , princess , and sit down by I . Eve hesitantly close the door ; she remain stand . george : be you scared ? eve : no. george : then come here . she remain stand where she be . now come on . 45 she do not move . pause . right . he move the wheelchair a little so that he be sit directly face she . you father be fibbing . | do not want to talk to you . he ask I to do it . he think you do not trust he and he 's worried . a hint of a contemptuous smile appear on Eve 's lip . why do you try to kill yourself ? in irritation , Eve look away . she regret not have leave immediately . I will tell you something . you can stay on you foot , or you can sit down . it 's entirely up to you . she do not move . pause . you do not know you grandmother . you be here once , when you be small . you will not remember it . or do you ? Eve grudgingly shake she head . he look at she . wait . he wheel himself over to a shelf behind he and take down a photo album , then wheel himself back to the table and put the album on it . come here . grudgingly and hesitantly , Eve approach . he open the album and turn it towards she . look at this . still stand , she look at the album . he turn the page . she be a beautiful lady , do not you think ? Eve say nothing . when you be here , she be already ill . you do not see she at all . she be lie crippled in she bed and could not speak any more . | take care of she . | give the business to you aunt so I would have the time for she . in the end , after three year of horrible and pointless suffer , | suffocate she . Eve look at he , half shocked , half incredulous . it be the right thing to do . I have never regret it for one moment . 46 he snap the photo album shut . that 's the whole story | want to tell you . will you tell I you story ? eve : what story ? george : why do you take the tablet ? Eve say nothing . do you think I be too dumb to understand ? pause . huh ?! Eve shake she head obstinately . Long pause . sit down , will not you . hesitantly , Eve sit down . Long silence . then eve ( softly ) : | try to poison one of my schoolmate once . pause . george : do you ? eve : well , not exactly poison she . mum put I in a holiday camp when dad disappear . they give I bromazepam to keep I quiet . | be suppose to take two tablet a day . | do not want any tablet . there be a girl there | do not like . every day | mix my tablet into she food . it be funny to see how she get quieter and quieter . in the end , she collapse . they examine she and that 's how they find out . george : and ? what happen ? eve : nothing . | have to leave the camp . george : and go home ? eve : yeah . pause . george : and ? be you sorry ? eve : not very . pause . at well yes , | be . yes , | be sorry . later . the girl be not nice but it be not she fault . he give she a linger look . then george : not long ago , | be look into the garden here and by chance | see how a bird of prey rip a little bird to piece . it catch it in flight , shook it to and for then tore it to shred on the ground with its beak . it really tore it to shred . the feather be fly about and land all scattered over the ground . it look as if snow have fall . then a car drive past and the bird of prey fly off . apart from the feather , there be hardly anything leave of the victim . at least that 's how it look from here . it 's funny . if you see something like that on tv , you feel it 's normal - that 's what nature be like . but in reality , it make you hand tremble when you see it . he smile a little . his eye linger on she . first of all , she avoid he gaze , then look up at he . why do you do it ? eve : what ? george : the tablet . eve : | do not know . brief pause . she lower she eye . ( very softly ) : | do not know . renewed pause . she raise she eye to Georges again . they look at one another . he smile a little . scene 43 servant ' quarter at the villa Interior / night Thomas be in the process of gingerly examine selin , the four-year - old daughter of rachid . she have small , slightly - inflame bite wound on she calve , be tearful and a little afraid that Thomas may hurt she while examine she . tense silence . Thomas press in various place on she leg . thomas : do that hurt ? the girl nod . rachid : he only nip she . jamila ( in Arabic ) : how can you say something like that ?! 48 ( in french , to Thomas , agitate ) : he bit she ! she run away and cry ! rachid ( correct jamila , half to she , and half to Thomas ) : they be play . she run round the pool and call he and he follow she and nip she . it 's not as bad as all that . ( in Arabic ) : you should have watch out better . jamila be about to contradict he , but leave it and turn to Thomas . jamila : be it bad ? thomas ( reassure she ) : no. ( to the child ) : you be a brave girl . do not worry . I will give you mummy a prescription , and tomorrow she will put some cream on it for you , it 's a fantastic cream and in a few day you will not feel anything any more . ok ? the girl nod . she be not quite convinced . Thomas cover she up , get up , and turn to rachid : still , you need to keep a closer eye on the dog. ( with a little ironic smile ) : after all , we do not have he so he can bite we , do we ? rachid be embarrassed to be tell off like this in front of he wife , and be about to say something , but just at the same moment , Anne enter through the door . anne : well , how be she ? thomas ( reassuringly ) : it 's not serious . it be more the shock . Anne go over to the girl and crouch down beside she . she have a box of chocolate in she hand . anne : here , sweetheart . selin ( shyly , and slightly overwhelm ) : thank you . anne : let 's take a look . she uncover selin 's leg and look at they . well , that do not look so bad after all , do it ? on see the wound , she give Thomas a anxious glance , and he give she a placatory nod . she then turn quickly back to selin : every time it hurt a bit , you can have a chocolate , then all the pain will go away . ok ? selin nod again timidly . Anne stroke she cheek affectionately : 49 now , you have a good sleep . it 's late already . and tomorrow 's another lovely day . she get up and turn to rachid and jamila : thank God nothing terrible happen . | be beside myself when anais call I . jamila : yes , it be terrible ; she cry dreadfully . anne : you need to keep the animal better under control , rachid . otherwise we will get thomas ( interrupt she ) : I have already tell he . he turn to jamila : I will write you a prescription for the cream . you need to apply it gently first thing tomorrow so it do not get more inflame . while he be write down the name of the cream for jamila , rachid timidly turn to Anne . rachid : congratulation , Madame , if | may say so . Anne look at he uncomprehendingly . anne : why ? brief pause . rachid ( with a embarrassed but " know " smile ) : Madame anais tell I . anne ( as above ) : what ? rachid feel awkward . he make a little gesture as if to say " you know " . suddenly Anne realize : oh ! you mean the engagement ! yes , thank you . that 's kind of you . in fact she be vex at have to talk about it with rachid . she turn to Thomas : be it you ? Thomas be just hand jamila the prescription . thomas : yes. ( to jamila ) : twice , morning and evening . I will drop by again tomorrow . ( to both ) right . then ... anne : have a nice evening . 50 rachid and jamila : good night , Madame ; good night , monsieur . just as Anne be in the process of leave the room rachid : Madame ?! Anne and Thomas turn around . anne : yes ? brief pause . then rachid : will you be move away from here now ? Anne be nonpluss . anne : whatever make you think that ?! scene 44 villa . Thomas 's work room . initially close - up , the screen of Thomas ' laptop . Interior / Day Eve be attempt to search through the computer , but be unable to continue because a new code have be set . from outside , footstep , and then the voice of anais : Eve ?... Eve ?! Eve quickly fold the laptop shut and scurries to the door . she listen . when she hear nothing , she open the door . anais be just come back from Eve 's room and see she come out of Thomas ' room . anais : there you be . | need to get something from town and | want to ask you to keep a eye on Alain . so what be you do in Thomas 's room ? eve : nothing . | just ... my computer crash . nothing work any more . and | want to look on dad 's laptop to see how | could fix it . but it do not work . he 's get a new code . anais : what ? eve : oh nothing . it 's too hard to explain . anais ( slightly puzzle ) : really ? well , you can ask he when he get back . eve : ok . anais : be you go to stay here for now ? | will not be long . he 's asleep anyway . eve : sure . I will go and sit with he in he room . no worry . 51 anais : thanks . she go in the direction of the kitchen in order to fetch she shopping bag . call out : shall | get you anything ? I be go to the supermarket as well . Eve have stand still , relieved at have get away with she pretence . eve : no. thanks . | do not need anything . scene 45 Beach restaurant exterior / Day outside the restaurant , a large terrace overlook the sea , with festively - decorate , round table around which a equally festively - dress assembly of guest have take they seat ; they be the friend and business partner of we family . we know many of they from Georges ' birthday celebration ( scene 37 ) . beside the terrace be a tarmac road which lead uphill to a residential street , and downhill to the sea . the restaurant staff , support by party caterer , be in the process of collect up the hor d'oeuvre plate . over this we hear generally the lively chatter of the guest . Anne and lawrence sit next to each other , and at the same table be Georges ( in he wheelchair ) , Thomas , anais and Eve . a sixth chair remain empty . here too , the hor d'oeuvre plate be just be clear away . thomas ( in English , to lawrence ) : ... I would love it if you drop by . four month ago , we reorganize the ward and get a few new people in too . they be efficient , commit and most of all they be really nice . and that 's pretty important too . lawrence : ( in English ) : sure . let 's fix a time . it really do interest I ( smirk ) : and you never know . maybe I will be a patient there myself one day . it can not hurt to know the people . thomas ( in English , grin , because he mean himself ) : well , you know the boss already . so nothing can go wrong . lawrence ( laugh , in English ) : precisely ! at the same time , the head waiter have approach Anne and ask : head waiter : Excuse I , Madame , should we serve the main course right away , or would you prefer to take a break ? anne : good question . she reflect . then she turn to lawrence , and briefly interrupt he conversation with Thomas : 52 ( in English ) : what do you think , darling ? should we go right ahead with the main course ? or should be wait a bit ? lawrence ( somewhat surprised ) : oh ! no idea . whatever you think . Anne hesitates for a moment , glance at Georges , who be just put a glass of wine to he lip , and then turn to the head waiter : anne : no , | think we will go straight ahead . anyway , people do not want to sit out here for age in this weather . head waiter : sure , Madame . just as you wish . he walk off into the restaurant . Anne turn to Georges . anne : be you all right , dad ? do you feel ok ? Georges empty he glass and place it back on the table . george ( dryly ) : excellent . | feel excellent . Eve look at Georges , then lower she gaze ; she be bored among all the adult . a young woman have approach from one of the adjacent table and crouch down beside anais . young woman ( to anais ) : sorry to trouble you about it right now , but we have to head off straight after the meal , so | might not be able to have a word before we go . anais : yes , what 's the matter ? young woman : could you lend I you babysitter tomorrow ? mine have go home and will not be back for another two week , and we stand - by have a bad cold . you know how it be . anais ( reflect for a moment , then ) : sure . it should be ok . tomorrow ... hold on ... yes , it 's fine . but only tomorrow , ' cos the day after ... during she last few word , from some distance away , we hear , loud and infelicitous , the voice of pierre : sorry mum ! I be truly sorry I be so late . anais turn towards the voice , as do the young woman and countless other guest . but first | have to get change for the festive occasion ! he be stand on the far side of the table , and point to he smoking jacket . a few step away from he stand a small group of black - African refugee in tatter clothing . they clearly feel uncomfortable in this situation , but appear to not fully understand what be actually go on . 53 | hope I be presentable enough ! no doubt you official speech be impressive , and | sorely regret have miss they . Anne have stand up . anne ( alarmed ) : Pierre !! lawrence too have stand up . he place a calming hand on Anne 's arm . lawrence ( in English ) : stay calm , darling . I will deal with it . he go towards Pierre through the table and the people , who have in the meantime almost all turn towards the new arrival . the young woman gesture with she head towards Pierre : young woman ( to anais ) : so who 's that ? pierre ( still loud , with mock affability ) : but to make up for my mistake and to make you happy , | have bring along some extra guest who would be pleased to join you festive table in you honour . lawrence have now arrive at Pierre 's side , and gently try to take he to one side in order to avoid further embarrassment . lawrence ( in English , to Pierre ) : come down here , Pierre . stop all this theatrics . we just want to ... pierre ( in English , smirk , but speak softly , like lawrence ) : there 's nothing to be stop , dear chap . and you be the last person to tell I what to do . Pierre be about to leave lawrence stand there , but lawrence be '' discreetly '' hold onto he so as to avoid the provocation escalate further . whereupon Pierre hiss softly : shut up , motherfucker . and tear himself away from lawrence , make he stumble and almost fall over . Anne , who have just join they , spontaneously help lawrence up . there be a general reaction among the crowd . some of the guest stand up , some disconcert , other annoyed . Georges have follow event , as have Eve . clearly confuse , she turn towards he . after a brief pause george : will you get I out of here , chrie ? she be puzzle by the term of affection , but after a brief hesitation , nod she consent . she step up behind he and begin to push he over the terrace in the direction of the road . they be virtually unnotice due to the going - on around Pierre . Pierre pull away from Thomas , who have in the meantime go over to he and attempt to calm he down . Pierre join the group of refugee who , in they bewilderment , try to resist he as he try to drag they forward in the direction of the guest . 54 pierre : May | introduce my new friend ? this be Mohammed . he 's from Nigeria . his wife and two child be burnt to death in a punishment kill by boku haram . he take a year to get here , and now he 's be trekk out of the jungle to the tunnel every day for month in the hope of finally get a ride . and this be youssef from ... if | can remember rightly , from ... Anne have have a brief word with lawrence , and now she go up to Pierre . pierre ( " ah , so you be here too ? ! " ) : bonjour , maman ?! he make to push she away so he can carry on , but she step into he path again and take he hand in hers in a attempt to pacify he ; however , he once more push she aside with a smile . ( all the previous calming attempt by lawrence , Thomas and Anne have remain low-key , restrain and deliberately softly speak , with the absurd intention of cover up Pierre 's disgraceful behaviour . ) have be push aside , Anne be still loosely hold Pierre 's hand . in panic and fury , with a small , sharp movement , she break he finger . he cry out in pain , look at he hand , the protrude finger , and then aghast at Anne . she raise she hand in a half - soothing , half - apologetic gesture , but immediately let it fall . there be a moment of shocked and perplex silence between the two . Thomas step up . Pierre look at he , then back at Anne , and finally he utter a laugh , soft , scornful and despair ; he turn away , gingerly hold he injure hand against he chest . there be a brief look of understanding between Anne and Thomas , then Thomas take Pierre by the shoulder and lead he inside the restaurant , gently reason with he . in the meantime , lawrence have discreetly instruct the staff to set up a additional table . with friendly gesture the refugee be invite to take a seat and to dine with they all . Anne watch Pierre as he disappear in the direction of the restaurant , and then turn to the baffle assembly of guest , some stand , some have remain seat : | do apologize for this scene , lady and gentleman . I be dreadfully sorry you have to witness such a embarrassment . my son be a good person . he 's just not well . he 's have medical treatment . please do not think badly of he for stir thing up like this . we be all so dreadfully sorry . please do take you seat . for the sake of we longstand friendship . please do sit down . she wait a moment to see whether the people comply with she request , but then turn she back half away from they , to the refugee , who be just hesitantly sit down : ( in English ) : naturally we must ask you to forgive we for this terrible imposition . please give we the pleasure of be we guest . my son only mean well . she wait with lawrence until the refugee have sit down and be serve by the staff . despite Anne 's effort , several people have now leave the scene in the direction of the car park . in the meantime , Eve and Georges have arrive at the edge of the terrace , and she be also about to wheel he to the park car , but Georges say : no . down the hill . 55 Eve once more hesitates momentarily , slightly puzzle . then she wheel he down the tarmac road to the sea . we follow they both . the hubbub on the terrace be come to a end ; the refugee have of necessity sit down and the guest at the party gradually return to they table , some engage in discussion , some still dumbstruck . before the terrace go out of view , we see lawrence and Anne beside the refugee 's table . anais have leave the young woman stand there and have follow Thomas and Pierre inside the restaurant . then the sound on the terrace almost entirely disappear and be overlaid by the rushing of the sea . finally , Georges and Eve have arrive at the bottom of the hill . Eve stop the wheelchair one metre from the sea . silence . george : go further . she understand , but do nothing . he half turn round to she , but she remain stand behind he . he look ahead again . the rushing of the sea . then he say : you can go now . after a further pause , she leave . hesitantly . she stop several time and look round , then continue on up the road . he hesitates for a while , then wheel himself into the water . up to he chest . he stop and look ahead at the wave lap up around he . we see what he see : the vast expanse of the water . the camera linger long ... Eve have stop halfway up . she look down at he . she take she mobile phone out of she pocket , lift it up and film . scene 46 the road to the sea exterior / Day continuous action . the image of the steep road take with the mobile phone . down below , in the sea , be Georges . suddenly , agitate voice , then , shouting : thomas ' voice : dad !! then a few people race down the road towards Georges , Thomas among they . shortly before the video end , Anne appear in the frame , also run down the hill . as she race by , she glance with irritation in the direction of the camera , at Eve . blackout . close title in white over black background .