" hardcore " screenplay by Paul schrader shoot draft fade in : credit credit be play over currier and ive -like winter scene from life in Grand rapid . it 's Christmas morning . -- two well - bundle youth shovel out a suburban driveway while they father scrape ice off the family car . -- youth pelter a pass car with snowballs . other , more dare companion , grab onto the car 's rear bumper and hitch a free ride across the icy road and past a sign which read " Grand rapid City limit . " -- Christmas decoration hang from the lamp post on Monroe Avenue . -- Children , dress in bright parkas , and breathe steam , compare they Christmas present : sleds , skis and a toboggan . in the b.g. , other child speed down Richmond Park Hill . -- a woman 's distant voice sing a old hymn : " precious memory , unseen angel , send from somewhere to my soul , how they linger ever near I , and the sacred past unfold . precious memory , how they linger , how they ever flood my soul , in the stillness of the midnight , precious sacred scene unfold . precious father , loving mother , fly across the lonely year , and old home scene of my childhood in fond memory appear . " end credit . int . van dorn house - kitchen - day four generation of the Van dorn family have gather at the family home . a long kitchen lead to the dining area , then to the spacious live room . the house be perhaps one hundred year old ; deeply varnish woodwork and pattern yellow wallpaper section off the wall . apart from several recent tasteless acquisition ( a e-z Boy lounge chair to replace the old Queen Anne which break two easter ago ) , the house remain furnish in the style of the previous century . the old dining room table , which grandfather Van dorn build because he be too cheap to buy one , have now become a priceless antique . the room be litter with religious calendar , bible and plaster - of - Paris plaque bear such sentiment as " as for I and my House , we will serve the Lord . " the oak buffet be laden with similar religious knickknack and chintz . frame , tinted photograph of the family patriarch be indiscriminately mix with new snapshot of proud father and high school graduate . the house radiate a sense of continuity . generation come and go ; the family remain . all of life 's " old home scene " have be play out here : birth , death , romance , blasphemy , betrayal . and now the air be again alive with the sound of play child , busy housewive and bicker uncle . the kitchen be crowded with mother , daughter and aunt . each have bring a special dish . anne do jong ( nee Van dorn ) , thirty - five , supervise the final preparation . one aunt show another snapshot of she new grandchild . jake van dorn , forty , and he brother joe , fifty , sit at the table watch the kitchen activity . the house echoe with small talk : aunt ... he get accept at Grand Valley , but he would rather go to Michigan ... nephew # 1 ... get that pink rot ... nephew # 2 ... no way uncle Joe talk I into cut celery again this summer . Rather work in the car wash . as the camera track through the dining room , it pass a cluster of man stand near the buffet . wes do jong and JOHN van dorn , both about forty , casually discuss a theological point with grandfather van dorn . across the table , a young boy , about eleven , listen with rapt awe . this be man of the soil . they face be sun-blotch and weather - beat . wes have roll up the sleeve of he white shirt ; John have switch to a more comfortable plaid . JOHN ... I still say that if a man have commit the unpardonable sin , he know he have . grandfather nod head approvingly . wes I do not know about that , John . it do not seem to account much for God 's grace . JOHN what kind of grace do you mean , universal or specific ...? dissolve to : int . basement - day a long line of fold table have be set up in the basement . a mix assortment of chair can accommodate thirty or more person . a pre-teen daughter help she mother place dish and silverware on the tablecloth . Evergreen branch and red candle decorate the table . dissolve to : int . den - day most of the teenager have crowded into what be once call the study , but be now the " television room . " kristen van dorn , fourteen , and marsha do jong , fifteen , be scrunch onto the sofa . Kristen have long blonde hair , a clean dutch complexion and a unaffected beauty . the girl ' leg be innocently wrap around each other 's . joe , forty -five , another of the Van dorn brother , and a male cousin about nineteen , be also squeeze on the sofa . Young child squat on the floor in front of they . all be watch some inane Christmas variety show . Joe , bored of this tripe , get up and turn off the set . the child wail in unison . " aw , c'mon , uncle Joe . " joe I be sick of watch this television stuff . you know who make it ? all the kid who could not get along here . they go out to California and make television . I do not like them when they be here , and I do not like them out there . one of the youngster reach over and snap the set back on as Joe leave the room . CUT to : int . live room - day as Joe leave the de , he pass Jake Van dorn and wes De jong . unlike he older brother , Jake be not a man of the soil . he have be to college and run he own business . he look well - groom and comfortable in he navy suit , white shirt and stripe tie . wes be Jake 's brother - in - law and friend . they get along well enough . joe ( to Jake and wes ) Television . if you do not buy one yourself , the kid go someplace else and watch . and what do they sell on television ? more television . jake ( light ) they get to make they money , too , Joe . give the kid a break . it 's Christmas . Joe shrug and walk into the dining room . dissolve to : int . basement - day Anne listen as nadine , she sister - in -law , about forty , and RUTH , she niece , about twenty , help she set out celery and carrot stalk . RUTH ... and they have not hear a word from he before he die . Three child , bill , lenard and jane , age six to ten , walk over to the three mother . lenard , six year old , wear a blanket over he head in mock biblical dress . bill aunt Ruth , can we use timmy for the nativity play ? we need he to play the christ-child . RUTH but timmy 's only six month old . bill we will not hurt he . I be go to be Joseph , Jane 's Mary and lenard will be one of the shepherd . Bill look at blanket - head lenard , who have no idea of what 's go on . RUTH I do not think so ... nadine you can not do that . that 's blasphemy . if anybody pretend to be Christ , it 's blasphemy . bill but he 's only a baby . Anne nod in agreement . Bill seem disappointed . int . live room - day Jake and West stand with they arm around they respective daughter , Kristen and Marsha . the girl squirm and giggle politely . jake ( teasing Marsha ) you dad and I be not sure you and Kristen should go on the yc Convention tomorrow . kristen oh , dad . wes play along : wes I do not know , Kristen , that 's a long trip to be on a bus with all that boy . marsha you mean that creep . kristen there be more chaperone than boy anyway . dissolve to : int . basement - day every family be in place . the social order be complete : grandfather , parent , child , grandchild . the long table be stack high with salad , casserole , and vegetable . the diner turn they head toward Jake who stand at the far end of the table , he close fist press against the tabletop . he lower he head in prayer . one of the mother , look at she son , lenard , quickly pull the blanket off he head . the camera track across the table toward Jake . jake we thank the Lord for bring this family together at graduation time . we ask thee to watch over this family and keep we together in the come year . CUT to : ext . jake' house - morning two car be park in the driveway of Van dorn 's suburban ranch - style home . CUT to : int . kristen be room - morning Marsha sit on the bed as Kristen finish pack she suitcase . the item include : a bright red sweater , jeans , underclothes , tampax , and a Bible . CUT to : int . dine area - morning Jake , wes and Anne wait in the spotless dining area . harold jay look in the refrigerator . jake ( to Anne ) sis , would you check if Kristen have everything pack ? Anne nod and walk into the bedroom . wes you want to go for coffee after we send the girl off ? jake no . thanks anyway . I have get to get over to the office . wes Anne want to make sure you come over for dinner Sunday . with Kristen go you will be all alone . Jake nod . Kristen , wear a light blue sweater and skirt , emerge from the bedroom . she smile demurely . her suitcase be in she hand . Jake , for a moment , feel a sharp twinge of loss . a forebode of the day when Kristen , fully grow , will leave he house for good . CUT to : ext . twelfth ST . church - day Parents watch they child board a snow - cover bus outside twelfth St. Church . a banner across the side of the bus read : young calvinist convention grand rapid , mich . -- bellflower , calif . most of the parent , work folk long accustom to the brutal Michigan winter , wear heavy overcoat , bearskin cap , fur-line glove and galoshes . Jake , bare -headed and wear a thin topcoat over he suit , wait with Kristen , Marsha , wes and Anne . harold jay pelt the side of the bus with a snowball . mrs . steensma , one of the trip counselor , read off the youngster ' name as they board the bus : mrs . steensma ... daverman , debeer , deboer , dejong , DeVries ... Marsha kiss she parent goodbye and head toward the bus . mrs . steensma ( continue ) ... vander ark , vander hoven , vander keen , Van dorn , Van dyke , E. , Van dyke , S ... when Kristen hear she name she start toward the bus , then stop , come back and give she father a farewell kiss . jake take care of yourself , Kristen . I love you . kristen I will , daddy . jake if you need anything , just call . later , amid horn-honk and farewell , the bus pull away from the curb and head down the snowy street . int . bus - day a sigh of relief go up from the adolescent conventioneer : wheew ! there be a few isolate cry of " we be on we way ! " a teenager instantly flip on he transistor radio to metal rock . once away from home , this kid , like all kid , be the child of 1976 . the old family glue do not hold . they live in the world of rock and television . CUT to : int . factory - day Workmen fashion table leg on a wood lathe . in another part of the factory , laborer assemble chair frame . Jake walk along the assembly line with mary , a well - dress , attractive employee about twenty - five . they turn a corner and step into a display area where a set feature the Van dorn Co. 's new modular office design . Mary show Jake the set for he approval . jake be this all the display space we can get ? mary I try to get more , but this be the limit . the De vries line have the same area . Mary be a cool , efficient display designer . Jake study a patch of bright blue on the right wall . jake what do you think of this ... ah , shade of blue , Mary . mary I like it , Mr. Van dorn . jake do not you think it 's a little too ... bright ? mary not really . but if you want I to tone it down ... jake no , no . I would not hire a display designer if I do not trust she taste . maybe we should bring in more of that shade . perhaps a stripe across the back wall . he gesture . gently , relentlessly , Jake manipulate Mary . he do not wish to impose he taste on she but , through calculate argument , will get she to accept he view . it 's only a matter of time before he wear she down . mary no , that would be much too overpower . jake yeah , overpower . that be the word I be look for . mary ( sense he ploy ) Mr. Van dorn , I have work on the color scheme for week . I think it 's just right . jake what 's that shade of blue call ? mary pavonine . it 's the same tint as the stripe in the fabric . Jake bend down and examine the chair . jake be you still go with that fella that teach at Grand Valley ? mary Sam ? jake yeah . he 's a nice guy . do not lose he . maybe we could tone down this stripe a bit . it 's a little ... mary ( catch on ) overpower ? jake yeah . mary ( give in ) okay , Mr. Van dorn , I think we could knock that pavonine blue a bit . jake be you sure it 's all right ? mary yes . I think it will look better . jake if you say so . Mary watch he a moment and think . mary Kristen go on that convention today , do not she ? jake ( mildly surprised ) yeah . how do you know ? CUT to : int . jake' bedroom - night Jake lie in bed , sleep . Blue light fall across he face . he be dream . CUT to : ext . bellflower church - day a row of church bus be park in the lot of first Christian reformed Church , bellflower , California . they have come from the various other Christian reformed community around the country : Zeeland , Michigan , midland Park , New Jersey , sioux Center , Iowa , ripon , California . cluster of youth sit on the church step and spacious lawn . CUT to : int . meeting room - day a hand - lettere poster on a easel read : " today 's topic : doctrine -- relevant or Old -fashion ? " a slight , pretty girl about fifteen stand up before the discussion group . she wear a elton John T-shirt and name tag . she hold she Bible with both hand . girl even though the doctrinal standard be write a long time ago , I think they be more relevant than ever . especially in this age of permissiveness and " anything go ... " CUT to : ext . bellflower church - day Kristen and Marsha stand near a tree . Kristen be wear she red sweater and jeans . nearby , a group of boy sit in a circle on the grass tell joke and listen to metal rock on a transistor radio . kristen you go to knott 's Berry farm with he ? marsha he ask I . you go with anybody ? kristen ( shrug ) I do not know . marsha you ever play Chicken ? kristen what 's that ? marsha ( teasing ) you never hear of that ? kristen com'on , tell I . marsha well , a boy go like this , see . use she finger , Marsha trace a looping oval around Kristen 's right breast , start at the neck , work down to the midriff , and back up she leave side . kristen what do that do ? marsha well , each time he come in closer , like this . Marsha trace another circle inside the first one . she draw a narrowing spiral around Kristen 's breast . marsha ( continue ) he keep come closer until you say " Chicken . " then he stop . the girl giggle . kristen you and Jerry do that ? Mrs. steensma step out onto the lawn and call to Kristen and Marsha : mrs . steensma Kristen , Marsha ! time for you discussion group . marsha ( grudgingly ) oh , all right . mrs . steensma and put you name tag back on . the girl pull they name tag out of they jeans and clip they on as they walk back toward the church . CUT to : int . twelfth STREET church reverend vantil , a stately man about fifty , stand at the pulpit . the front of the church be plain and stark , adorn only by a large wooden cross . the Christian reformed Church be not one which believe in emotional appeal or confession . it be a religion of scripture , creed and doctrine . reverend vantil , dress in black , address the congregation as if he be a businessman . and he business be sin , guilt and redemption . he speak calmly and powerfully . the church echoe with the weight of he word : rev . vantil ... we study of the Heidelberg catechism , read today lord Day number one , question and answer one and two : ( read ) q : what be you only comfort in life and death ? a : that I , body and soul , both in life and death , be not my own but belong unto my faithful savior Jesus Christ . q : how many thing be necessary to know to live and die happily ? a : Three : the first , how great my sin and misery be ; the second , how I be deliver from all my sin and misery ; the third , how I be to be thankful to God for such deliverance . later . the camera track up the aisle as the congregation rise to sing the doxology . Jake stand with he sister and brother - in-law . CUT to : ext . twelfth STREET church - day the parishioner , fight off the winter cold , work they way to they car . CUT to : int . do jong home - day Jake , wes , Anne and harold jay pass dish around the De jong 's dining room . anne ... as soon as the service start , the usher all go off to Big Boy 's and have coffee ... the phone ring . anne ( continue ) I will get it . ( get up ) so that when someone like Mrs. Van dorn in a wheelchair need some help there 's nobody there . she walk into the live room . after a moment , Anne walk back into the room . anne ( continue ) it 's for you , Jake . Van dorn excuse himself , walk into the live room and answer the phone . his voice can be heard in the background anne ( continue ) well , I just hope I do not get old and in a wheelchair and have to depend on the usher to help I out of church . ( to harold jay ) you would never let that happen to you mother , would you ? harold jay nod and keep eat . he 's use to this . a moment later , Jake , he face drain of color , walk back into the room . wes what be it , Jake ? jake wes , Anne , come here a moment . wes and Anne step into the live room . jake that be Mrs. steensma call from California . ( a beat ) Kristen 's disappear . anne Kristen ? wes what happen ? jake they do not know . they be have some recreation deal out at knott 's Berry farm and Kristen be not there when they get back to the bus and they could not find she . anne have they call the police ? jake yeah . wes be Marsha there ? jake yeah . she 's quite upset . I be go to fly out today . they want I to bring some picture . wes I will come with you . let I pack some thing . he start to walk away . CUT to : ext . L.A. INTERNATIONAL - day a United jet land . Marsha 's voice be heard from the follow scene . CUT to : int . bellflower home - day Jake and wes sit near Marsha . Mrs. steensma stand nearby . marsha ... they have a ride call " the great White knuckler " , a roller coaster . last time I see Kristen be stand over there ... wes why be she alone ? he look at Mrs. steensma . Marsha be hide something : she be off neck when Kristen disappear . jake be she alone ? marsha I tell this to the policeman . mrs . steensma they have meet a older boy earlier . marsha but she be not with he when I see she last . mrs . steensma she try to give the officer a description . it be nothing out of the ordinary . CUT to : int . L.A. police department - day detective burrow , of miss person , carry Kristen 's picture and a form Jake have fill out into the " runaway room " . Jake and wes follow . one long wall be cover with tack - up snapshot of person ( mostly young ) the police be look for . each snapshot be attach to a small form list the miss person 's name , age , home and so forth . a sign above the photo montage read : " have you see this person ? " Burrows tack up Kristen 's picture on the miss person wall . burrow the boy you daughter be talk to do not work at the park . we have interview everybody there . jake but be she , have ... burrow there 's no evidence of any foul play at present . I hope she 's just a runaway . jake there 's something wrong here . Kristen be not the type of girl to just up and leave . burrow I say I hope she 's a runaway . better that than she just disappear like so many other do . sometimes they turn up year later , sometimes not . a lot of crime go unreport , unknown . this be reality . jake what be you do ? burrow two officer have be assign to the case . I can not keep they on indefinitely , but we will go through every lead . CUT to : ext . downtown - day another day , Jake and wes , wear different clothes , walk with andy mast , a private investigator , down a L.A. street . they walk silently , mast , forty , a stocky man in a wrinkle suit , look like he 's be up all night . he probably have . mast motion to a coffee shop and they enter . CUT to : int . coffee shop - day mast , slouching in the booth , sip he coffee . mast that cop , like all cop , be intelligent enough , but they be master of de-ductive reason . that be , you ask they what three and two be they will tell you five , but if you ask they what five be , they go blank . that 's spec-u-lative reason , and that 's where I come in . jake well , what do they know ? mast dogshit . worse yet , they do not care . jake so then , Mr. mast ... mast Andy . jake ... what do you have to offer ? mast let I ask you a personal question , a painful one . the first of many . tell I , be you daughter the kind of girl to run around , to , ah , play practical joke , maybe ? Van dorn answer he with a cold stare . mast ( continue ) no , I do not think she be . let I get the picture here . let I guess . she be a absolutely clean girl , a model daughter , she never have rebellious or impure thought , she do not fuck around ... jake if I be you , Mr. mast , I would watch my language . mast hey , I be a private detective , Van dorn , you want to hire a choir boy you can go back to Grand rapid . I have be to that scumbag town . it 's full of they . jake ( cold ) who 's pay you ? mast you be . jake that 's right . mast ( backtrack ) as I be say , I will pick up the thread . there 's a number of way I can go . there 's not much you can do here . stay if you want . maybe it would be better if you go back home . go through Kristen 's personal stuff . ask around , maybe she know somebody out here . ( a beat ) look , I do this a lot . I work at a minimum rate of $ 750.00 a week . it may seem like a lot of money to you , but it be not . you could hire cheaper . jake and better ? mast I suppose . but I will tell you , Jake , I be like a little animal . when I get my tooth into something I never let go . if you daughter 's here , I will track she down . CUT to : montage -- Jake sit at he desk , stare into empty space . -- Jake look through he wife 's personal effect in the bureau . the room be unchange . -- Jake , he arm fold , stand outside church . a fellow parishioner be speak to he ; Jake do not seem to be listen . mast 's voice come over a long distance connection : mast ( v.o. ) pilgrim , this be Andy . I be in Phoenix . ( a beat ) yeah , it look that way . I do not know why . I be go south , then maybe fly over to nogales . ( a beat ) I think so . ( a beat ) yeah , I pick up you check at western Union . -- Jake get out of he car and look down the street of a strange town . a nearby sign read : minneapolis National trust . -- Jake walk into a greasy spoon . ahead of he , she back turn , sit a girl who look like Kristen . she turn as he approach ; it be another girl , another runaway . he apologize and walk away . over this scene , we hear Van dorn 's telephone voice : jake ( v.o. ) no , I be up in minneapolis . somebody respond to my ad . Said there be a girl who look like Kristen there . but it be not she . the police have not find anything ? ( a beat ) it do not look good . I do not know . maybe she 's dead already . CUT to : ext . do jong home - day spring have return to Grand rapid . the maple be in bloom and the chair have be set out on the long porch of wes De jong 's house . we hear mast 's telephone voice as Jake get out of he car and enter the house . mast ( v.o. ) I take a side trip to Mexico City . it be just a long shot , but it do not pay off . so I be back in L.A. ( a beat ) yeah , the money come on time . CUT to : int . do jong home - day Jake , carry a wrap present , walk into the kitchen . Anne , Joe and John , sit around the table , greet he as he enter . a large birthday cake sit in the center of the table . Jake say , " hi , sis , " and nod to the other . jake where 's Marsha ? anne ( call ) Marsha ! Marsha walk in , smile when she see she uncle : marsha uncle Jake . jake ( give she present ) happy birthday , Marsha . CUT to : ext . do jong front porch - day Jake and Joe sit on chair on the porch . wes and willem rest on the rickety swing . all be drink coffee , finish piece of birthday cake and enjoy a fine spring Sunday . harold jay watch quietly from the railing . joe ( set down plate ) spring 's early . without a frost we will have a good year . wes not as good as last . JOHN Lord 's be good to we . across the street , two junior high boy , push they bike , follow two female classmate . the girl dress in tight halter and short try to ignore they . joe never have to make a dishonest dollar in my life . never cheat a employee . wes how could you ? they be all you relative . he laugh . joe the Lord get he share , too . Joe get up to refill he coffee cup . wes turn to Jake , who be watch the couple across the street . wes how 's you business , Jake ? jake ( absentmind ) pretty good . wes you should come around more often . you have not be around for week . Anne complain she do not see you anymore . Jake , look away , do not answer . wes contemplate something he 's be plan to say . wes ( continue ) you can not dwell on Kristen all the time , Jake . sometimes we can not understand the Lord 's way . he be testing you . you have to have faith . Jake turn and look back at wes : jake would you ? ( a beat ) could you ? he look away again . CUT to : int . jake' office - day Jake be at he desk when the phone ring . he pick up the receiver . jake hello ? mast ( o.s. ) Mr. Van dorn ? jake mast ? mast ( o.s. ) yeah . jake where be you ? the connection sound very good . mast ( o.s. ) I be back in Grand rapid . jake in g.r .? why ? mast ( o.s. ) can you meet I in about a hour ? at the pantlind Hotel ? jake I have get a meeting ... mast ( o.s. ) what be you pay I for ? jake I will be there . CUT to : ext . downtown grand rapid - day Jake and mast walk out of the pantlind and walk up Monroe Avenue . the heart of Grand rapid , like that of many mid - western city , be a ghost town . the major business have one by one go break or move out to the suburban mall , leave the core of the city to cut - rate store , parking lot and federally - subsidize government building . mast this use to be a real city . I be here about fifteen year ago . embezzlement case . it be always a little religious for my taste , but at least it be a city . with a downtown and all . jake what have you find out ? mast I have get some news . you daughter 's all right . at least I think she be . jake where be she ? mast I do not know . jake what do you mean ? mast have you ever see any , ah , pornographic movie , Jake ? jake no . mast do you know what a " hardcore " movie be ? jake that 's like a stag film . mast yeah . you ever see any of that ? jake no . mast they be legal now . jake they be ? mast yeah . ( a beat ) all over . even here in Grand rapid . jake hmm . mast there 's a little stall theatre up here . ( gesture ) it 's close now , but I be borrow it for a hour . I think there 's something you would better see . int . theatre - day Jake be uncomfortably seat in the dingy thirty - seat theatre . mast walk back from the projection booth as the film start . he sit next to Van dorn . we slowly track into Jake 's face as the color drain from it . o.s. we hear groan and the sound of flesh on flesh . we track slowly into the film itself : a 16 mm hardcore short on a simple , but classic theme -- rape . two young man force a young , unwilling girl to submit to they desire . the girl -- Kristen -- nude , try to get out of a wrinkle bed but be restrain by the long arm of a languid , long - haire nude youth . another young man , wear only pink elastic short , step into the frame and take Kristen into he arm . the quality of the action be quite low ; the young man posture and overact in the manner of high school dramatics . occasionally , the action stop while the actor receive cue from a off-screen director . grunt and groan be dub into the screen action . only Kristen 's performance lend a note of credibility to the proceedings . she be genuinely disorient or frighten -- or both . she 's not play act . for one frightening moment , Kristen , regain full consciousness , fight back , but the youth in pink short slap she into submission . her eye turn pleadingly toward the camera . the first youth laugh and take Kristen into he arm . the youth in the pink short kneel on the edge of the bed and instruct Kristen to remove he short . as she begin to do this , the first youth fuck she from the rear . as the film end , Jake sink he head into he hand , speak to himself . it 's almost as if we be hearing he thought : jake it can not be . why I ? what have I do ? look up , he say softly , then louder : jake ( continue ) turn it off . ( a beat ) turn it off . ( a beat ) turn it off ! ( a beat ) turn it off ! only then do Jake realize that the film have already be shut off and he 's sit alone in the quiet theatre . mast stand by the exit . Jake get up and walk toward he . CUT to : int . lobby Jake catch up with mast in the small lobby . jake ( aggressively ) where be she ? mast I do not know . jake where do you get that film ? Jake back mast from one side of the lobby to the other . mast I buy it at a store in l.a . jake who make it ? mast I do not know . jake what do you mean ? mast calm he down . mast wait . slow down . a film like this , 16 mm , cost two three hundred dollar , sell outright , show in peep machine , maybe theatre , maybe not , be almost impossible to track . ' nobody ' make it ; ' nobody ' show it ; ' nobody ' see it . it 's like it do not even exist . jake what 's it call ? mast it be call ' slave of Love ' when I buy it . next time it 's sell , it will be call something else . jake but the police ... mast the police ? they know less than you do . jake do you think she 's safe ? mast yeah . probably . jake you like this , do not you . show I ... this . mast I hate it . but you gotta know , buddy . ( think ) a lot of strange thing happen in this world . thing you do not know about in Grand rapid . thing you do not want to know about . Doors that should never be open . I have know more about this sort of thing than a man should . do not ask I why . Jake turn away . mast ( continue ) I be go back to L.A. today . I will track this film down , if I can . I will find she . but I can not make any promise . I do not know what she will be like when I find she . Jake , pale , look away . mast attempt to give he a comforting embrace . Jake push he away . CUT to : int . jake' bedroom - night Van dorn sleep fitfully . Blue light fall across he contort body . he 's dream again . CUT to : ext . hollywood motel - day a sleazy Santa monica boulevard motel . CUT to : int . hollywood motel - day a porn film be be shot in a tacky motel room furnish with a pink circular water bed , a lime - brown shag rug , and peel red feel wallpaper . a oil painting of a seagull in flight add a touch of class . the small set be crowded with technician and onlooker . the harry collegiate filmmaker wear scruffy jeans and t-shirt . the onlooker , more refine , sport double knit suit . two girl and a middle - age man lie on the pink satin sheet . Beach towel protect they from the unheate water bed . one of the girl , niki , have a long blonde wig and look about nineteen . the makeup girl hurriedly dab some last minute cosmetic on the second girl 's breast . a young man in a ucla T-shirt pastes up the peel wallpaper above the bed . random voice echo around the set . the director , a student filmmaker , try to bring the set to order . bill ramada , 40 , the producer , watch silently from the b.g. he 's in charge here . he wear gabardine slack and a gucci shirt . his Assistant , kurt , 25 , stand by he side . ramada ( clap hand ) all right , kid , let 's get back to it . director actor , to you position , please . niki , the second girl and the actor remove they towel and form a contort triangular position . niki can not you get this bed any warmer ? cameraman bring another light over here . niki my ass be freezing . actor you ass be always freezing . niki up yours . the second girl coax she male partner into tumescence . second girl he 's get it up . niki thank God . director action . Rolling . cameraman the wallpaper 's peel again . director forget it . keep shoot . crouch , the director approach he actor . director ( continue ) all right , niki , you come around this way and swing you leg around he back . the director plead with outstretch hand . his act workshop course have not be in vain . lower he voice , he coax niki into the proper mood : director ( continue ) all right , niki , you be lie back now , yes , just take it easy , just enjoy you body , yes , you be think about you father , you mind be open and free ... mast walk into the rear of the room and look around until he spot ramada . director ( continue ) okay , now bennie , you turn over and lick she belly ... ramada recognize mast as he walk toward he and motion for he to follow . they step into a adjoin room . the director 's instruction drine in the distance . ramada ( friendly ) hey , piss-head , what bring you around ? mast you do not have to get uppity with I , Bill . I remember when you be run that car wash and could not make it go . and what be that other thing you try ? a dairy Queen ? go bust too . ramada at least I improve myself . what 's up ? mast take out a snapshot of Kristen . in the background the director yell , " cut . " mast I want you to take a look at this girl here . she 's be in some porn stuff . ramada ( look at photo ) no , Andy . do not know the kid . mast look again , billy -boy . this be jail bait . could get you in a lotta trouble . ramada ( shake head ) nope never see she before . ( call to assistant ) kurt , come over here . do not use underage kid . would not touch them for all the cow shit in Mexico . ( as kurt step over ) you recognize this piece of wool , kurt ? kurt ( shake head ) no . ramada sorry could not help you , Andy . ( to kurt ) how would the shot go ? they about ready to start again ? ( to mast ) you can come watch if you want , Andy . just do not hassle anybody . mast shrug , tuck the photo in he pocket and follow ramada and kurt back onto the set . CUT to : ext . factory - day Jake leave the factory in the middle of the afternoon , get in he car and drive off . CUT to : int . bedroom - day Jake walk into he bedroom , pull a suitcase out of the closet and throw it on the bed . he be motivate now . a decision have be make . he throw in he shirt and sock . a travel clock . picture of Kristen . CUT to : int . dine room - day Jake be on the phone . his voice be hard and determine . jake this be Jake . I be go out of town for a while . ( a beat ) no , I do not know when I will be back . no , there 's nothing wrong . can you keep thing run ? ( a beat ) do not ask . CUT to : ext . L.A. INTERNATIONAL airport - night United jet land . CUT to : ext . holiday inn - day Van dorn , dress and ready to go , walk out of the Hollywood holiday Inn and over to the parking lot . check a city map one final time , he get into he late model rent green pontiac and drive off . CUT to : int . car - day Jake seem a new man ; he 's in charge now . to a man like Jake Van dorn , a man from the Midwest , a self - make man , all be possible once you be in control . there be no ambiguity , no conundrum , no labyrinth ; only problem . and problem , once understand , lead only to solution . all one need be the will and the intellect to pursue that solution . Jake look at the note pad on the seat . it read : Andy mast apt. # 3-a 14316 Chandler Blvd. , Van nuy , Calif . ( 213 ) 474-8759 he drive up highland , past the freeway and over the hill . CUT to : ext . mast apartment - day Van dorn park in front of the Elite V Apartments . Jake stop in front of the room , re-check the number , and knock . there 's no immediate answer . hear some commotion in the room , Jake stop , listen . he peek through the partially - curtain window . Inside , he see mast bang away with a teenage girl on the sofa . Jake be curious , then outrage . he try the door . it open . Inside , mast and he teenage companion scramble for they clothes . the girl call out . teenage girl ( o.s. ) it 's the cop , man . mast ( o.s. ) fuck . int . mast apartment - day Jake stride into mast 's apartment . mast , he belt unbuckle , put on he shirt . the teenage girl , pull a grateful Dead T-shirt over she head , look at Jake and say : teenage girl who the fuck be this ? not pause to speak , Jake push mast against the sofa . reaching down , he pull the detective up by the collar . jake what be you do ? you son-of - a - bitch ! I have be pay you every week for three month and you have be out here ... teenage girl I be split . Jake turn as the girl vanish . mast I be not cheat you , pilgrim . this be research , damn it ! that girl could have tell we something . jake Research , my ass . I suppose this be the ' extra expense ' I have be pay for ? and in the middle of the morning , too . mast pull himself away . mast oh , fuck off . you should stay where you belong . jake get out . get out of here , goddammit . mast pick up he shoe and say half - apologetically : mast I be only human , you know . jake get out . mast but this be my apartment . jake get out ! mast shrug . there 's no reason with Van dorn . he pause at the door and look back . mast you prick . you ass -hole prick . you can find you own goddamn daughter now . ( stop ; look at door ) I be not even smart enough to lock my own fuck door . mast close the door behind he . Van dorn look around the apartment . it 's calm now . on the desk be mast 's briefcase and papers . look through mast 's file , Jake find page and page of note and information about he daughter 's disappearance . name , place , date . list of massage parlor , sex shop , porn bookshop . the name of owner , manager , filmmaker , interview with street girl , cop , landlord . plus snapshot of Kristen as she once be and 8x10 frame enlargement from " slave of Love , " she hardcore film . CUT to : int . holiday inn room - day Jake have spread mast 's papers and photograph across the floor of he holiday Inn motel room . his collar open , he tie loosen , Van dorn squat over the note and interview . he study he find . it include : -- sex ad from various local papers . some be cross out , other circle , other check . -- a list of massage parlor and sex shop under the head " possible k be here . " -- a L.A. Times newspaper clipping about " Bill ramada , L.A. porn Movie mogul . " it feature a photo of ramada on he way out of court . -- a sleazy porn mag article about " parlor Girls : hustling and love . " CUT to : ext . los angele - night Van dorn drive through the crowded street of Los Angeles ' tenderloin . he cruise down Santa monica , up western , along Hollywood and back down to Santa monica . he pass row upon row of garish adult bookstore , massage parlor and porn theatre . he pass model shop , topless bar , " erotic motel , " and peep show . teenage girl stand in the red neon shadow , call out to pass stranger . drag queen and leather boy cruise the sidewalk . jet black pimp , sport high heel and make coat , stroll from one massage parlor to another . the sound of Latin jazz come from one doorway ; soul disco from another . l.a.p.d. black and white patrol the street . occasionally , a uniform officer lean out to hassle a pass pimp or hooker . he drive on . the sex shop have name like " the sexual catharthis Center , " " pandora 's box , " " the Institute of oral Love , " " 69 Club , " " the Church of spiritual sexuality , " " the participate Center of sexual experience , " " mother 's fun Palace , " " the hot box . " a zoo of lust . Jake look at the seat beside he , check mast 's list of massage parlor and sex store with the notation , " possible k be here . " CUT to : ext . adonis bookshop - night Van dorn pull to the curb and park he car . ahead be the plexiglass lettere sign of the adonis bookstore . Jake lock he car , button he suit coat and walk toward the bookstore . he hesitates a moment , then enter . CUT to : int . adonis bookshop - night Jake step into the bookstore and look cautiously from side to side . his expression be stern , withdraw , as if suppress some physical pain . he find nothing titillate about this world ; for he it be simply evil . neither be he shocked . have he not be teach : " for every imagination of man 's heart be only evil continually " ? a improbable assortment of man peruse the long rack of pornographic book and magazine . a young male teller sit next to a cash register atop a high counter . below he , a display case feature sexual paraphernalia and film . a small radio softly play muzak . teller fifty cent admission . jake what ? teller it 's fifty cent admission . it 's applicable to a purchase . Jake fish in he pocket , come up with a couple quarter and place they on the counter . the teller give he a token in return . Van dorn walk down one row and up another . the explicit title and magazine cover leap out at he : " cropped crotch , " " teenage obedience lesson , " " mouthful of cock , " " hogtie . " many of the magazine cover feature obviously underage girl . he ease he way past a butch young man look at magazine in the gay section . screw up he courage , Jake step back to the counter . he try but cannot avert he eye from the grotesque sexual novelty in the case . dildo , some small , some huge and gross , look more like instrument of torture than pleasure . stimulator , vibrator , spike tickler . penis enlarger . leather paddle , whip , mask , rubber vaginas , fuck face , masturbator . jake do you have a , ah , film call ' slave of Love ? ' teller what we get be just this here . ( gesture ) what you see . jake it 's a short film . teller they be all about the same . you want something ? Jake look momentarily at the box of 16 mm film . a couple title read " Office Party , " and " butt banger . " jake well ... Van dorn pull a fold 8x10 out of he vest pocket . it 's a glossy frame enlargement from " slave of Love " fold to reveal only Kristen . jake this be from the movie I be talk about . teller I do not know what you be talk about . jake I wonder if you have ever see this film or this woman ... ( point ) ... right here . teller that girl ? no , never see she . I do not know anybody . jake I be just try to find ... ( get testy ) who own this store ? teller I do not know . look , man , if you be look for somebody maybe you ought to see the cop . jake but I ... teller I do not know nothing , man . Jake , realize he 's get nowhere , pocket he photograph and turn to leave . teller ( continue ) you do not want anything for you fifty cent ? jake no . the teller place two quarter on the counter . teller here . take you fifty cent back . jake that 's all right . teller no , take it . I do not want you goddamn fifty cent . Jake place the token on the counter , take he quarter and walk back out into the neon night . the teller turn to no one in particular and say : teller ( continue ) it 's one of that legion of decency guy . CUT to : ext . wild mary be - night Van dorn walk west on Santa monica boulevard . the entrance to Wild Mary 's be form by the larger - than -life paint rear view of a bent over woman . her long leg flank either side of the open passageway . a young man in a cowboy shirt repeat monotone litany to passersby : california cowboy free information . free information inside . come in and get free information . free information . free information inside . Jake pause in front of the California cowboy , then enter , pass through Wild Mary 's muscle thigh . CUT to : int . wild mary be - night Jake walk into Wild Mary 's and be greet by a young woman in a shift and bikini pants . her name be beatrice . beatrice hello . my name be beatrice . have you be here before ? jake no . beatrice what we offer here be nude body to body contact on a bed in a private room . it 's twenty dollar a half hour , thirty dollar a hour . anything else you desire may be discuss in the privacy of you room . tip be allow . we accept Bank americard , master charge and american Express . jake I do not really want ... ' body to body contact . ' beatrice that you may discuss with the girl of you choice in the privacy of you room . a second teenage hostess step through a bead curtain and join beatrice and Jake . second hostess hi. jake I be look for a girl . have you ever be in a porno film ? Jake reach for this fold photo but the second hostess take he by the hand . second hostess come back with I . I be sure you will find what you want . a thin man walk into the room . he look about 35 and carry a small bag . thin man I call on the phone . you have a domination room ? beatrice yeah . do you bring you own domination equipment ? thin man yes , but I have never be here before . beatrice I be sure everything will be just the way you want it . twenty dollar half hour , thirty dollar hour . tip be allow . thin man let 's start with a half hour . the thin man give beatrice a twenty and walk off with she . Jake , curious , follow . beatrice and the thin man step into the domination room : a simulation of a medieval dungeon . a large wood X -shape cross be bolt to one wall . there be strap for the client 's hand and foot . Instruments of torture hang from another wall . a bare - breast girl , wear bikini pants and leather chap , sit lethargically on a fold chair . a mask of black leather and buckle completely cover she face . beatrice notice Jake be follow they . beatrice you want to take a session ? Jake be daze by what he see . he be not even aware such perversion exist . jake no . I do not think so . beatrice you sure ? we have regular session , too . only twenty dollar ? Jake turn and ( like lot from sodom ) walk away without look back . as he leave , he pass the second hostess attempt to communicate with two teenage mexican . teenage mexican sexo ? the second hostess form a oval with the index finger and thumb of she leave hand and pass the index finger of she other hand through it in a obvious gesture : second hostess si. sexo. sexo. ext . stairway to love - night later that night . Jake lock he car and walk south on western toward Santa monica boulevard . ahead , a continuous row of massage parlor blend into neon . Girls call out as he walk : " come on in and get free information , " and " want to have a good time ? " and " Lonely ? " he stop by the stairway to Love . Three girl stand just inside the door . a sign in the window read : " come in -- satisfaction here . " he enter . CUT to : int . stairway to love - night the first hostess , felice , greet Jake as he enter : felice hi , you be here before ? the two other hostess gather round . jake no . felice we offer female wrestling , that be , nude body to body contact , with a girl of you choice in a private room . twenty dollar a half hour , thirty dollar hour . any other arrangement may be discuss in the privacy of you room . tipping be permit . we accept Bank americard , master charge and american Express . jake yeah . felice do you want to take a session ? jake I just want to ask some question . felice you may do that in the privacy of you room . jake okay . I will take a half hour . felice do you have any particular choice of girl ? jake you will be fine . Jake give Felice a couple ten . she in turn pass they to the manager , a 225 pound , blond -haire malibu surfer . he put the money in a cash box and fill out a time sheet . Jake eye the manager uneasily as Felice escort he up the " stairway to Love . " CUT to : int . room - night Felice show Jake into a ten-by-ten cubicle . the wall be barren ; a bed-size slab of foam rubber lie on the floor . felice wait a second . I have get to get a sheet . he look around the small room . through the makeshift pasteboard wall he can hear the sound of other couple " make love . " Felice quickly return with a sheet and spread it across the foam . she slide the door shut behind she . felice you be still dress ? jake well , I want to ... felice ( sit ) sit down . make yourself comfortable . my name 's Felice . Jake squat down on the foam , crossing he leg under he . jake there 's a girl I want to ask you about . felice you be not vice , be you ? ( rote ) do you work for the Los Angeles Police Department , or do you have any other affiliation with any law enforcement agency ? jake no , I do not . felice I have to ask you that . if you be vice you could not deny it . you ought to dress less square . you would not get hassle so much . here , let I help you get that tie off . Felice reach over to loosen he tie . Jake , self - conscious , remove he tie . jake well , actually I want to ask about this girl . I have she picture here . felice pull out you cock . jake what ? felice cop be not allow to do that either . a judge rule that that be entrapment . do not ask I why . I guess he figure the sight of a vice Officer 's do would make a girl unable to stop herself . she laugh . jake no , Felice , I be not a cop . in fact , right now I have get as little respect for the police as you do . ( pull out fold glossy ) I be look for a girl . a runaway . I need someone to help I . felice be you go to stiff I ? jake what do you mean ? felice look , that twenty dollar you just pay , I do not get any of that . that go to the guy that own this place . I get two buck a hour , minus ten percent for a bail fund . I make all my money on tip . jake you want a tip ? felice sure . what do you want ? tip can be anywhere from thirty dollar to seventy dollar . jake what do you mean ? felice what do you want to tip I for ? look , you get to spell it out . whatever you want , just say it . jake I will give you a tip . here 's forty dollar . Jake dig out a couple twenty and give they to she . Felice tuck the bill into she bikini crotch and pull off she shirt top . her breast seem surprisingly pale and small . felice now , what do you want ? jake I say I just want to talk to you ... felice that 's cool . jake ... about this woman . ( show glossy ) I be try to find she . do you know she ? felice ( uptight ) look , I do not know anybody . I never see she before . Jake , previously upset , be now angere . nobody tell he anything , he get nowhere . jake I be get angry . felice wait a minute , that 's go to cost you more than forty buck . jake I be get angry . I want some answer . ( stand ) where 's the guy who run this place ? he slide open the door and walk out . Felice pull on she shift and follow he . jake who be it ? that blond guy ? where be he ? I be go to talk to someone . felice wait ? jake where be he ? where 's the bastard that run this shit hole ? the manager , as if on request , step to the top of the stair . his huge frame fill the hallway . manager what do you want ? felice he 's cause trouble . jake ( contentious ) I get a picture here . I want you to tell I where to find this woman . I be ask everybody . nobody know anything . manager calm down , mister . you do not want to get the cop in here do you ? you get a family ? jake ( show picture ) I do not suppose you have ever see this girl before either ? her name 's Kristen , but I suppose you have never see she ? manager why do not you just go outdoors , mister ? cool off . jake cool off , huh ? how 's this for cool off ? he knock a cheap print of a naked woman off the wall . the frame crash to the floor . manager hold it , mister . jake what do you think of that ? or this ? Jake knock over a small table . the manager have have enough . he grab Jake 's arm , wrench it tight behind he back and ram Jake 's face into the wall . he force Jake down the stairway of love . Jake struggle and kick , but be no match for the larger man . at the foot of the stair , the manager eject Jake , thrust he across the sidewalk . Jake ram face - first into a park car . he stagger on the sidewalk . his mouth and nose bloody . he look back . a black and white slow down . there 's nothing to be do . he move on . CUT to : int . holiday inn room - day Van dorn , think , lie face up on the bed in he motel room . he wear slack and a white undershirt . his face be bruise , he lip be swollen . a open first Aid kit sit on the lamp stand . later . Jake slouches in a chair watch " Day of Discovery , " a Sunday evening religious program . the chorus of wholesome young people look like they have come from another planet . a soothing , innocuous hymn . in the distance church bell ring , as if signal a call to action . CUT to : ext . beverly hill - day the next day . Jake , now wear a print sport shirt under he navy jacket , stride down camden . he have a plan . he check a office building address and enter . CUT to : int . outer office - day Jake stand as a secretary say to he : secretary Mr. ramada can see you now . he thanks she and walk into ramada 's office . CUT to : int . ramada' office - day Bill ramada stand to greet Jake as he enter . his office be expensively decorate in chrome and glass . a frame poster from the New York Film Festival hang on one wall . kurt sit on a plush white sofa . ramada hello , Mr. holcum . you look out of breath . what 's the matter ? the elevator break ? ( to kurt ) be the elevator break ? kurt shrug . jake no. I walk up . do not ride elevator . ramada my secretary say you want to discuss a business proposition . jake yes. ( as ramada sit ) I be interested in financing a adult feature film . I be tell you be the man to come to . ramada Film make can be pretty expensive ... Jake have slip into he business shoe . he 's cool , confident . jake I have get fifty thousand dollar to invest . ramada oh. ( a beat ) why be it that you want to get into film financing ? jake well , Bill -- mind if I call you Bill ? ( as ramada nod ) let I be frank . I have make a lot of money . I have get my own business in Detroit . rivets . I make rivet and sell they to Fisher body . ( a beat ) well , rivet , you know , can get pretty boring after a while . when my business manager tell I I should shelter some money , I think I would try this . ramada what exactly do you have in mind ? jake I think I would invest in a film . I want to sort of become involved in the process of make a film , meet the people who make film , learn how it 's do ... ramada in other word , you want to get laid ? jake not exactly ... ramada it 's cool . why do you think I get in the movie ? how much poon do you think you get in the car wash business ? ( a beat ) look , fifty thousand dollar busy a lot of pussy . you can get you joint pull by beautiful girl every night for the rest of you life for fifty thousand dollar . so why fuck with the movie business ? jake ( smile knowingly ) it 's a investment . ramada if you want to watch when we shoot a film , for fifty buck , I let guy stand around and watch . it 's a lot cheaper . jake I think you be a businessman . ramada do not get I wrong . a couple year ago , I woulda jump at fifty thousand dollar possible financing . but the Lord 's be good to I . I can now finance any film I choose . Big one , small one . right now we be set up a two hundred thousand dollar feature film . live sound . I like to keep my own money in my film . that way you do not have to share the profit . there 's plenty of guy in town that will take it , though . but if I be you , mr... what be you name again ? jake Jake . ramada ... I would just start my own business . that 's what I do . get into kid porn . that 's big now . why do not you come around the set ? meet some people . if you still want to invest , I will ask around . jake sound all right . ramada okay . keep in touch with my secretary . Jake nod and turn to exit . ramada so long , Mr. Jake . CUT to : int . L.A. free PRESS the next day , Van dorn wait in line to place a " personal " ad in the Los Angeles free Press . he wear a open sport shirt , slack and loafer . bit by bit he 's be go native . he realize he be not go to infiltrate the pornography underworld look like a furniture dealer from Grand rapid . even so , Jake 's conventional dress set he apart from he fellow advertiser . the long line wind back and forth and represent just about every possible deviation from the american heterosexual norm : stud , butch , hooker , freak , cultist : misfit all . the camera study the line : a attractive boy wear a studd collar , a low -rider sport he color , a diminutive girl wait silently in she hari-krishna robe . the line inch forward . behind Jake , one woman tell another about this great swinging party . Van dorn take some comfort in the fact that the man in front of he , dress in a seersucker suit , look pretty straight . the girl at the window take he ad : man in seersucker suit ( read ad ) ' W / m , 35 , 140 fastest tongue in west , will demonstrate proficiency in all dialect to female under 50 . look not imp . ' that 's all in cap , ' look not imp . ' ' George harper . p.o. box 102 , alhambra , ca. , 91801 . ' girl at the window that 's ' dial - a ' what ? man in seersucker suit di-a-lect . d-i-a-l-e-c-t-s. like talk . the man in the seersucker suit pay he fee and Jake step up to the window . jake I would like to place a ' personal ' ad in the free Press . girl at the window how many week ? jake just one . girl at the window the rate be a dollar per line , a dollar and a half bold face . Jake take out a slip of paper and hand it to the girl . jake I have it here . can you take this down ? the girl take the slip of paper and read it back to he as she fill in the advertising form : girl at the window ' Film producer ' -- that should be in cap , bold face . jake okay . girl at the window ' Film producer seek young man , 18 to 25 , for hardcore film . Prior film experience a must . call Jake at player motel. 777 vine. 463-5671 . Jake nod . CUT to : ext . dark road - night a small film crew set up a shot . ramada , kurt , Van dorn and other , stand by a trailer , watch from the b.g. Jake 's floral rayon shirt be open to the third button . the script evidently call for " Dark Road -- night " because that 's where the gaffer be arrange light around a park red mustang . a young actor in a soldier 's uniform wait in the car . niki and another actress , dress as a stewardess , stand on they mark near the front of the car . ramada and kurt walk over to talk to the young director . niki , finish for the moment , walk back toward the trailer . niki pick a heavy coat out of the trailer , and wrapping it around she , stand next to Jake . they watch as ramada give the director some last minute advice . jake be you the star of this picture ? niki you kid ? Three day work . I finish tonight . jake the other girl be the star ? niki she think so . ( a beat ) what do you do ? jake I work with ramada . we be do some picture together . niki well , next time you talk to he , tell he to pay he actress more . director ( call ) all right , girl , niki ! to you place . niki ( to Jake ) Nice meeting you . niki throw off she coat and run to the set . the actor back the mustang out of camera range . there be a pause , the director call : " action ! " and the mustang drive to where the two stewardess , strand , be wave for help . the cameraman pan with the mustang . the soldier open he door , look at the girl ' car and offer to help . kurt step over to Jake . the soldier , look at the strand stewardess , rub he inner thigh . kurt ( to Jake ) we will come in for a closeup here . niki unfasten the soldier 's belt and pull down he zipper . the soldier lean against the car as niki sink to she knee and open he trousers . CUT to : ext . player motel - night the player Motel be a " specialty motel . " it offer " X -rate movie , close circuit Color tv , Water bed . " rates be $ 10 a night , or $ 8 for two hour . most client prefer the two hour rate . Van dorn pull he rent pontiac into the lot and park in the first available space . weary , he get out of the car and head for he room . he pass a color whore with a tower synthetic wig . further down the line of room , wes De jong sit slouched in the front seat of he rental car , watch , wait . a prostitute wear jeans and a shoulder bag , enter a light room with she trick , a construction worker . he unbutton he shirt as she close the curtain . wes sit up when he see he brother - in - law shuffle past the room , take out he key and open a door . CUT to : int . player motel - night Jake , not bother to fully shut the door , step into the room , throw he key on the bed and plop down beside it . he 's emotionally and physically exhaust . the decor be Vegas sleaze : tinted mirror , red shag carpet , feel wallpaper , pseudo - Louis seize chair and a plexiglass chandelier . the large room have , at one end , a sit area with a sofa and chair , and at the other , a water bed cover with a black satin sheet . a large ceiling mirror be bolt above the bed . Jake , hearing a noise , look up . wes , wear a suit and tie , step tentatively in . he survey the tawdry room . Jake just look away . wes what 's go on , Jake ? Jake say nothing for the moment . wes ( continue ) Jake ? jake how do you find I ? wes I call every L.A. hotel . the holiday Inn give this as a referral number . you office say you have no business in New York , so I figure you have come out here . ( look around ) what 's happen , Jake ? what be you do ? nobody 's hear from you . Anne 's worried sick . we do not know if you be dead or alive . Jake stand and step over to wes : jake wes , do I a favor . wes what ? jake leave I alone . go home . go away . wes start to protest . jake ( continue ) just do what I say . do not ask . wes ( insistent ) what be go on ? jake I think I have find a way to find Kristen . I have a plan . but I have to be alone . wes what plan ? jake you do not want to know . ( a beat ; softer ) now , wes , leave , please . for I . wes what will I tell the other ? they care about you . jake tell they anything you want . tell they I be on a vacation , a business trip . tell they I need a rest . tell they anything , just do not tell they ... Jake look about the whorey room . his voice crack a little . jake ( continue ) ... just do not tell they about this . ( a beat ) now go . Jake escort he brother - in - law to the door . wes turn and embrace he . Jake break the embrace and firmly push wes out of the room . Jake close and chain the door . CUT to : int . player motel - day the next morning . Jake have rearrange the furniture so that the sofa directly face the door . Van dorn , wear a blue tie -dy shirt with a sunburst on the front , sit in the middle of the sofa . on either side of the sofa tall thin lamp stand on end table . a telephone , legal pad and travel clock have be place on the coffee table . beside Jake rest mast 's sheaf of note and picture . behind he hang a iridescent poster feature the sex sign of the zodiac . he wait . there be a knock at the door . jake come in . a handsome stud , about 22 , wear tight jeans , step cautiously into the room . stud # 1 Jake ? Mr. holcum ? Jake check the appointment schedule on he legal pad : jake Pete ? come in . stud # 1 ( enter ) yeah . Peter Long . that 's the name I use . jake we be casting male role in a explicit sex action feature . the pay be $ 100 a day . there will be up to two week work . you say you have have experience ? stud # 1 I be in the Mitchell Brothers ' film , ' sodom and gomorrah . ' I do not know if you see that . I play damon , the slave of the Queen of gomorrah . Van dorn 's pretty good at this . he 's give many job interview before . the phone ring and he answer . jake yes , this be Jake . ( a beat ) we be casting right now . have you have experience in hardcore film ? ( a beat ) I can fit you in from 4:00 - 4:15 today . ( a beat ) at the player Motel , 777 vine , room 106 . ( a beat ) we will see you then . Van dorn hang up and look through he sheaf of papers . pull back a page of note , he reveal the unfold 8x10 glossy from " slave of Love . " he look at the two young man violate he daughter , then back up at Peter Long . Long be neither of the man . jake ( continue ) all right , Pete . I have you exchange here . if we decide to use you , we will give you a call . Long turn and exit . Jake check he appointment schedule then put he hand to he temple . he have become the thing he hate most : the procurer . self - contempt fill he face . timecut : the next interviewee stand in front of Van dorn . he 's a tall black man about 25 . a ex-athlete . jake you be not exactly the type we be look for . black stud ( hostile ) you mean I be black ? jake no , just not the type . black stud what do you mean , not the type ? do not you know who I be ? I be Big Dick Brown ! I have be in more porno movie than you ever see . I have work with Harry reem . I have work with johnny wad . not the type ! I can come ten time a day . I can keep it hard two hour at a time . my cock be nine inch long . jake I be sorry , Mr. Brown . I be sure you be very good , but at the moment , I have get nothing for you . if something come up , we will give you a call . black stud shit ! you just do not want to hire a nigger , that 's all . I know this be a scam . I should n'ta come . the Black stud turn and storm out . timecut : a angelic , muscular boy about 19 stand in front of Van dorn . Jake look weary . jake ( tired ) I be sorry , but you be just not the type we be look for . we have something else in mind . stud # 2 do not you want to see my stuff , man ? jake what stuff ? stud # 2 ( point to crotch ) you know , my stuff ! Jake nod with resignation . the boy drop he jeans . frame by firm , smooth , naked thigh , Van dorn look at the angelic boy 's " stuff . " he nod . timecut : it 's the end of the day . the last orange ray of sun come through the window . Jake , weary , look up . a young man step in from the fade sunlight . the young man look about 21 . his sun - bleach hair fall just to he shoulder . a hippie who 's hit the street . Jake look at he 8x10 glossy , then back at the young man . this be he . this be the young man in the pink bikini short . this be the youth from Kristen 's hardcore movie , the one who slap she , the one who force she face into he crotch . jism jim hey man . jake we be casting for a explicit sex action feature ... jism jim ( initially hostile ) I know . Word 's out on the street -- word 's also out you be not really hire anyone . jake that 's not true , mr...? jism jim Jim Sullivan . sometimes they call I jism Jim . jake that 's not true , Jim . in fact , I think you be very close to the type we be look for . Jim immediately become more compliant . jism jim oh yeah ? I have do a lot of good stuff . short , feature . no major role it 's true . but good stuff . jake that 's what I want to talk to you about . Jake reach over and pick up the glossy . jake I have see you in some stuff . I like you look . I particularly like you in this film . Jake show he the glossy . jism jim oh yeah ? I remember that . it be make by some college kid . jake it be call ' slave of Love . ' jism jim God , I do not know what it be call . I never see it . I only get twenty - five buck for the whole goddamn thing . jake I think you be quite good in it . I also like the girl in it . really think she be good . ( point out Kristen ) I wonder if she be still around . if she be still work . Jim examine Kristen 's picture . his expression sour . jism jim wait . ( a beat ) wait a minute . look , I need the work and I want to be in you picture , but that be one bitch I will never work with again . Jim , nervous , pace around . he try to explain . jism jim ( continue ) look , that be one freaky bitch , one very , very freaky bitch . I do not know what she be into , I do not know what she be on , but I do not want to have anything to do with she again . Jake 's face grow cold and mean as he listen to Jim 's description of he daughter 's defilement . jism jim ( cup genitals with right hand ) do you know what she do to I ? do you know what she do to I , man ? that fuck cunt ! I could not walk for a week . my prick be sore and red and chew out . she be cra-zy . I do not want to work with she again . all the while Jim speak , Van dorn 's long arm reach slowly for the lamp on he right . his right hand lock around the base of the lamp . still listen , watch Jim intensely , Jake grip the ball of he foot into the carpet . Jake be beyond logic , beyond restraint . he rise , lamp in hand . the cord pop out of the wall ; the bulb flash out . reaching across the table , Van dorn smashes the youth across the face . the plaster lamp shatter ; the shade fly off . Jim reel backward . knock over the coffee table , Van dorn advance on the daze , bleed youth . Van dorn pound he again with the plaster stump of the lamp . Van dorn stop . he look down at jism Jim . the youth be barely conscious . realizing what he 's do , Jake pull Jim up by he collar and drag he into the bathroom . he haul the youth into the large " erotic " shower . he pull the shower douche off the wall , and spray Jim 's face . the batter youth open he eye . he 's terrify . he 's be in kinky scene before . he plead : jism jim hey , stop , stop . I will do anything you want . it 's okay . I can dig it . you can do anything you want to I . jake ( full of rage ) where be she ? where be the girl ? jism jim she 's get a man . a white guy . tod something or other . jake where do he hang out ? jism jim I do not know . jake where ! jism jim look , I know this chick niki . she work at Les Girls . she would know . honest . Van dorn let he go and start to walk away . look back , he see jism Jim struggle to he foot . Jake spin around and punch he once more . jism Jim tumble back into he shower . Jake walk off rub he red knuckle . CUT to : ext . player motel - night Jake throw he luggage into the trunk of he car and drive off . CUT to : ext . les girl - night Les Girls , a garish sexual supermarket , cover several storefront . its fluorescent exterior stand open to drifter and browser alike . Jake straighten he tie - dye shirt , and enter . CUT to : int . les girl - night Inside Les Girls be a glow of yellow and orange plexiglass . the bright fluorescent bounce off the white linoleum . Jake pass a arcade of peep show and turn the corner . on one side be a rotunda around which man stand in pay stall watch a pair of naked female dancer . on the other side be a row of curtain " phone booth . " Jake walk up to a woman with a coin changer around she waist . a lifer . jake I be tell to meet a girl name niki here . les girl woman in one of the booth . any of the first three . Jake start over . les girl woman ( continue ) it 's five dollar for two minute . jake huh ? les girl woman five dollar a token . Jake fish in he pocket and pull out a ten-dollar bill . he hand it to the woman . jake here . I will take two . the Les Girls woman punch out two token . Jake cautiously pull the curtain aside and step into the first booth . the booth be divide by a floor - to - top glass partition . on Jake 's side of the partition be a pay wall phone . on the other be a orange fold chair . the sign on the phone read " one token -- two minute . " Jake put a token in the phone . niki , the girl from ramada 's set , naked , step into the other half of the booth and plop down on the chair . niki hello . Jake pick up the receiver in he half . jake be you niki ? niki sure . like in mikey and niki . do you see that picture ? jake no . niki too bad . I be not in it . Jake 's eye flash downward for a moment . no longer shocked , he be sadden by the demean vulgarity of it all . niki ( continue ) it 's you money . you talk . jake I be make a film . Jim Sullivan 's go to be in it . he say you might know where tod be . niki do I know you ? be not you on the set the other night ? with ramada . jake yeah . niki you make a feature ? jake um-hm . live sound . niki get any part ? I be free . not free - free , but , you know , free . I do not really do this . gesture vaguely . jake Jim and I have be try to run down a girl . ( take out glossy ) do you know she ? he press the picture against the stain glass partition . niki joanne ? jake you know she ? niki no . I see she with tod . jake do you know where she life ? niki Nah . jake do you know where she would be ? there be a click and the phone go dead . niki say something but Jake can not hear she . she motion to the phone as she get up to leave . Jake put he second token in the phone and niki sit back down . jake ( continue ) where be she ? niki tod might know . jake where 's he ? niki last I hear he go to San Diego . jake if we go there , would you be able to find he ? niki ( eyeing he ) you be not a film producer , be you ? jake how much do you make a week , niki ? Jake use he manipulative voice , the one he might use when discuss a shade of blue in a convention display . niki ( catch on ) be you a private detective ? jake something like that . how much do you make ? niki here ? what a joke . there be some detective ask about that girl . jake Three hundred ? niki this be just temporary . I once make nine hundred in outcall . jake I will give you $ 700 a week , cash , if you help I find this girl . niki up front ? jake half now , half later . niki make it nine hundred . that be my best week . jake okay . my client pay for it anyway . niki when do we start ? jake tonight . when you get out , we will go . ( a beat ) why do not you tell the other detective ? niki ( shrug ) this be different . this be nine hundred dollar . CUT to : ext . van nuy DELL - night wes park in front of a Van nuy delicatess and walk in . CUT to : int . van nuy deli - night wes walk into the well - light deli and spot Andy mast sit alone with a glass and a bottle of beer . a cross section of California type be scattered around the room . a jukebox play country and western . wes Mr. mast ? my name 's wes dejong . I be Jake Van dorn 's brother - in-law . we meet out here a couple month ago when he hire you . you agency say you might be here . mast motion for he to sit . mast ssh . I be on a stakeout . wes ( look around ) oh. mast look down at the beer bottle . mast I be stake out this beer bottle . try to find out if I will finish it or it will finish I . wes I be worried about Jake . mast I be off that case . he fire I . wes he do not look good at all . something strange be go on . he 's get himself into some trouble . he would not say what . mast ( light cigarette ) I will tell you , that be a interesting case . the Van dorn girl . I have handle runaway case like it before . usually when you put the pressure on the porn underworld for a underage kid , she pop up in about a week . everybody deny ever see she , but there she be at the airport with a prepay ticket home . well , I put pressure on all over town for this girl and it stay cold as ice . in fact , certain people for this girl and -- nothing . ( think ) I guess I give you brother - in - law sort of a raw deal . mast spot a long-haire youth walk toward the juke box and call to he : mast ( continue ) hey , buddy , e-fifteen . the kid ignore he and make he selection : a rock song . wes I want to rehire you . to find out what 's happen to my brother - in - law . mast I have be on another case . all day . ( a beat ) I suppose I can move it over . Seven fifty a week , plus travel expense . wes do you really think Kristen be just a runaway ? mast think . a shadow cross he face . mast maybe . maybe not . wes I also want you to protect my brother - in - law . mast huh ? wes you have to understand . he can be mean , self -righteous . he have a vishund once . love that dog . he come home one day and the dog bit he . he take that dog and stake he out in the back yard . it be winter . every day he come home and watch that dog until he froze . he 's capable of do anything . mast to he own daughter ? wes to anybody . CUT to : ext . highway - night Van dorn 's car speed through the California night . the Pacific , moon - light , stretch like a sinister plain . CUT to : ext . san diego motel - night Jake pull into a freeway exit motel and park at the office . CUT to : int . jake' motel room - night Jake 's suitcase lie open on the luggage rack . he pull off he tie -dy shirt , fold it up neatly , and place it in the suitcase . he sit on the edge of the bed and undoe he shoestrings . he remove each shoe as if it be a individual effort . there 's a knock . Jake look through the blind , unhook the chain and open the door . niki , tug up she jeans , scuffles in . niki you actually pay for both this room ? I think you be just go to get a receipt for two , and kickback the desk man . Jake , awkward , put a shirt on . niki ( continue ) I think you be go to bed ? jake I be . niki be street - wise . she can instantly interpret situation which would stymie the average person ; but , as if to balance this perceptivity , she be often stymy by the ordinary . in brief : she assume Jake be pay she $ 900 a week not only to help he but also to be he personal playmate . niki do you have any pill ? any valium , librium ? you know , pimp will sell valium at fifty cent a piece . can you believe that ? niki sit on he bed , she leg fold under she . niki ( continue ) you know valium pick I right up ? take four or five and I be wide awake . be not that strange ? know what put I to sleep ? Coke . I think I be really fuck up . niki remove she sweater and start to pull off she rorer T - shirt . Jake motion for she to stop . jake no. niki huh ? jake niki . calm down . relax . let 's just talk for a while . then , later , you will go back to you room and we will get some sleep . he sit on the bed beside she . niki you have anything to drink ? you want to go out and get something ? jake I do not drink , but you can go out . niki you do not drink ? jake ( point to stomach ) ulcer . niki study he for a moment , then say : niki you be not a private detective either , be you ? jake no. niki I do not think so . I have fuck detective . who be you ? jake a friend . niki of joanne 's ? jake yeah . ( look away ) I be she father . niki ( more disappointment than shock ) Jesus . jake her name be Kristen . she disappear a couple of month ago . niki and you wife ? where 's she ? jake she 's dead . niki hey , do not worry about it . you daughter 's around . we will find she in a couple day . CUT to : ext . san diego - downtown - day Jake 's car drive through San Diego 's " downtown , " four square block of adult bookstore , peep show and flop house south of San Diego 's center . uniform soldier from Camp pendleton and the miramar Naval Station occasionally cross the wide street . the Singapore Club , lux adult movie , the princess Rap parlor , curious book shop , sexcite movie ... CUT to : ext . the okinawa bar - day Jake and niki walk toward the Okinawa , a hangout for work girl , player and street people . niki , tug up she jeans , walk next to Jake . she wear she rorer T-shirt ; Jake a blue dress shirt . niki ( put she arm on Jake ) Jim rucker run this place . he know where everybody be . it 's a nice place . hire a lot of girl , but they do not pay shit . CUT to : int . okinawa bar - day Jake hold the door open for niki as they enter . the Okinawa be a credit to its namesake . a black player , sit at the bar , stare absently at two girl play pool . niki , in she element , step up to the bar . niki ( to counter girl ) be rucker here ? bar maid he will be back in a couple hour . niki tell he Louise be here . I will come back later . they turn to exit . ext . san diego beach - day Jake and niki sit at a ramshackle picnic table at a park overlook the ocean . several child play in the distance . niki finish she Big Mac , crumble the bag and throw it away . she unwrap a milky Way and she finish she fries . Jake watch with astonishment as she chomp she way through a second candy bar . jake you really should not eat like that . all that sugar . it 's not good for you . niki at least I be a grow person . jake you will not keep grow at this rate . niki what rate ? jake you know what I be talk about . niki ( snotty ) you never meet a work girl before , have you ? you think I like suck off guy all night ? maybe I do . so what ? ( a beat ) you can not even say it , can you ? jake say what ? niki ' suck off . ' jake okay . suck off . now do that make I as good as you ? niki you do not understand shit . jake okay , tell I . why do you live like you do ? niki do you ever live in a room with six people and you do not have any money , any food , any furniture ? have you brother come out , he car break down , he can not get a job ? you friend steal food , go through trash behind a supermarket ? jake ( sympathetic ) be that the way it be with you ? niki no . but do it make any difference ? ( a beat ) how do you get to be the way you be ? Jake do not answer . niki ( continue ) do not knock it . a girl can save up a lot money do this -- big money . then you be free . you can go off to Europe , meet somebody , get marry . my girlfriend 's go to buy she own beauty parlor . not I . I be gonna travel . ' keep movin ' that 's my motto . ( a beat ) would you rather work at copper penny at a dollar-eighty a hour , have every two - bit cocksucker able to yell at you ? I can make more money suc ... do what I do for five minute than I can all week at another job . jake you use to work at copper penny ? niki no . jake ( pause ) you and I , niki , have very different idea about sex . niki why ? be you a sex fiend ? jake ( smile ) no . niki neither be I . jake but it 's all you do . niki how important do you think sex be ? jake not very . niki we be just alike . you think sex be so unimportant you do not do it . I think sex be so unimportant I do not care who I do it with . Jake think . that sound right . but it can not be right . he look away , then back at she . jake you can never understand a person like I . I be a mystery to you . a middle class person , a mid-westerner . a man who do not pursue woman . a man who believe in social order . a man who go to church , believe in God , and a man who , at the end of he life , believe he will be redeeme . ( a beat ) this be all unfathomable to you . fifty year ago , in art , the prostitute seek to justify she life to the bourgeoisie . now it be the bourgeoisie who must justify himself to the whore . jake ( continue ) I do not see why I must justify myself to you . I do not care about the thing you do . I do not care what 's happen in New York or Los Angeles . I do not care about movie or tv . I do not care who 's on johnny carson . niki ( incredulous ) what do you care about ? jake ( cold ) I care about my daughter . int . okinawa bar - day niki and Jake stand at the counter talk with jim rucker , a entrepreneurial type about 40 . niki you remember I . Louise ? rhyme with squeeze . rucker ( look , then nod ) you work in San Diego now ? niki I be still in L.A. , but I be look for tod . I hear he be around . rucker ' be . ' he and that shitheel ratan go down to t- J . maybe I should not say that . anyway , I hear he 's back in Frisco now . niki be he with a girl ? rucker no. niki thanks . niki start to leave . rucker keep in touch , baby . get some good stuff comin ' up . need you back , baby . ( as they exit ) and take good care of you friend for I . Jake turn back as niki give he a tug . CUT to : ext . okinawa bar - day they walk toward the car . jake what 's T - J ? niki Tijuana . jake they be here ? niki tod be . ( she voice chill ) he be with ratan . jake what do that mean ? ( no answer ) what do he do ? niki he deal in pain . jake be Kristen safe ? she do not answer . jake ( continue ) let 's get a plane for San Francisco . CUT to : int . L.A. police missing person - day detective burrow walk back into he office . mast , sit on the edge of the desk , be wait for he . burrow apparently you friend have go into Mexico . a border Guard respond to the apb . how do it feel to have the l.a.p.d. do you work for you ? mast you be go to thank I for this . you know what the media 's like . they love this kinda shit . if that guy go off half - cocked and get himself hurt , you be go to have so much bad publicity , you ... burrow ( interrupt ) I hear you the first time . we have nothing to go on with this kid . just a runaway . ( a beat ) do you really think he 's in danger ? mast if he have anything to say about it , yeah . I have be ask a lot of question and I do not like the answer I be get . he 's make a lot of people nervous , include some poor faggot who think he be go to be a movie star . burrow we be not gonna arrest he for that ... mast ( interrupt ) Big threat . tv would ream you . burrow keep I inform of what he 's up to . you help I , I will help you . mast nod . burrow ( continue ) why do not people stay where they belong ? CUT to : int . san diego airport - day Jake and niki sit in a line of multi-color plexi-glass chair in the western Terminal of the airport . niki munch a pack of chuckle while Jake , he elbow on he knee , look at the floor . niki prattles on . niki you know what you problem be ? you be a very negative person . you think negatively . Jake try to ignore she . niki ( continue ) you have to believe in something . what do they believe in -- the whatjamacillit church ? jake Christian reformed . it 's a dutch Calvinist denomination . niki do they believe in reincarnation ? I believe in reincarnation . jake they believe in the ' tulip . ' niki what the crap ? jake ( smile ) it 's a anagram . it come from the canon of dort . every letter stand for a different belief . t-u-l-i - P. like -- be you sure you be interested in this ? niki yeah , yeah , go on . jake T stand for total depravity , that be , all man , through original sin , be totally evil and incapable of good . ' all my work be like filthy rag in the sight of the Lord . ' niki shit . Jake be charme . he 's never be call upon to explain he belief to someone so totally ignorant of they . jake be that as it may . U be for unconditional Election . God have choose a certain number of people to be save , the elect , and he have choose they from the beginning of time . L be for Limited atonement . only a limited number will be aton , will go to Heaven . niki fuck . jake I can stop if you want . niki no , please go on . the intercom announce a flight : Jake listen for a moment . it 's a flight to Mexico City . jake I be for irresistible Grace . God 's grace cannot be resist or deny . and p be for the perseverance of the Saints . once you be in Grace you can not fall from the number of the elect . and that 's the ' tulip . ' niki wait , wait . I be try to figure this out . this be like rona Barrett . before you become save , God already know who you be ? jake he have to . that 's predestination . if God be omniscient , if he know everything -- and he would not be God if he do not -- then he must have know , even before the creation of the world , the name of that who would be save . niki so it 's already work out . the fix be in ? jake more or less . niki wow . then why be good ? either you be save or you be not . jake out of gratitude for be choose . that 's where Grace come in . God first choose you , then allow you , by Grace , to choose him of you own free will . niki ( amaze ) you really believe all that ? jake yeah . ( shrug ) well , mostly . niki I think I be fuck up . jake I will admit it 's confusing from the outside . you have get to see it from the inside . niki if you see anything from the inside it make sense . you ought to hear pervert talk . a guy once almost have I convinced to let he dachshund fuck I . jake it 's not quite the same thing . niki it do not make any sense to I . the intercom announce western Flight # 601 to San Francisco . they rise . CUT to : ext . TRAVEL lodge - day Jake 's rental car pull into a San Francisco Travel Lodge . CUT to : ext . NORTH beach - afternoon niki place a call from a phone booth . Jake watch the pass denizen of North Beach . the familiar sordid tableau be play out before he eye : massage parlor , peep show , strip joint , sex shop . niki ( hang up phone ) tod will meet you at the bookstore at eddy and o' farrell tomorrow noon . I tell he you be a ' specialty ' customer . jake why can not I meet he now ? niki , cocky , walk next to Jake . she be in she element . she call out to a pimp : niki I hope you prick fall off . Jake , surprised , turn away from the pimp 's cold stare . jake why can not I meet he now ? niki brazenly call out to a strutting hooker : niki rot in hell , honey . ( to Jake ) he 's busy now . jake where do he live . niki just a second . it 's my ass I be risk . you better do it my way . this fucker do not mess around . niki walk off . Jake follow . CUT to : ext . TRAVEL lodge - dusk Jake 's rental car be park outside he motel room . CUT to : int . jake' room - night Jake sit on the edge of he bed , study the crease in he trousers . his shirt be partiallly open . niki , swigging a Coke sit squatted atop the build in desk . jake I must have be in more motel room this week than in the rest of my life . at least it feel that way . niki I know what you mean . after a while they all look the same . jake they be the same . niki do you live in a house back in wherever . jake Grand rapid ? of course . niki on you own land ? Jake nod . niki ( continue ) just you and you daughter ? Jake nod . niki ( continue ) look , I really do not know you daughter but ... jake but what ? niki I would not expect too much . I mean about she come back . once a girl get into the life . jake what make you so sure ? niki ( change the subject ) you wife be not dead be she ? Van dorn surprised , turn around . jake why do you say that ? niki just a guess . she be not dead though be she ? Jake shake he head " no . " niki ( continue ) she leave you right ? jake yeah . ( a beat ) she be the one call joanne . how would you find that out ? niki just a guess . do you have it good with you wife ? you know , sex . Jake resent niki 's forwardness : what business of hers be this ? jake I do not blame you , niki . really I do not . it 's this culture , where everything 's base on sex , sell on sex ... ( start to get angry ) ... magazine , music , tv . it 's destroy everything . buy this ' cause of sex , use this ' cause of sex . kid think it 's normal . they think they be suppose to talk dirty , wear scanty clothes ... niki ( interrupt ) do not get upset . I lie too . I do not make no five hundred dollar a week . everything I make go to granville . jake granville ? niki my man . ' pimp . ' I split ' cause he do not treat I for shit . thinks he 's so cool ' cause he 's black . I once try to take my clothes but he say , ' you can not take them ' cause they be my clothes -- I buy them . ' yeah , with my fuck money ... Jake do not want to get involved with niki 's problem : jake look , niki , this really be not my business . I do not know anything about ... niki so I guess we be both fuck , huh ? but at least you get to go to heaven . I do not get shit . the doorbell ring . Jake , suspicious , walk over to the window and peek out . see someone he recognize , he open the door . Andy mast , woebegone and wrinkle as usual , stand at the door . mast ( look at niki knowingly ) this be just how you find I once . Jake slip outside . CUT to : ext . TRAVEL lodge - dusk jake what be you do here ? mast I feel like such a shit , pilgrim , after what I do to you -- not that I do anything wrong -- that I keep investigate , poke around . there 's some poor s.o.b. in L.A. with he face all bent out of shape who you have damage he movie career . lucky for he , people do not look at he face . jake do the police want to arrest I ? mast Nah . they do not care about some faggot hustler . they be more interested in you daughter 's health -- and yours . like I be . jake ( disbely ) yeah , sure . mast listen , pilgrim , you be way out on a limb here . you do not know what you be into . jake you sure as hell have not be any help . mast I be sorry about that . have you find anything out ? you have get to tell I . jake why do not you tell I something for a change ? mast like what ? jake who be ratan ? mast pale . mast where would you hear that name ? jake I just hear . who be he ? mast walk toward the swim pool . mast look at the still , blue surface of the pool . Jake step beside he . a tourist pass by with he two son . mast think , then speak : mast you know , it 's possible to buy anything on this earth . you can buy child whore , slave . you can have people rape , kill ... ( a beat ) one of the man who supposedly arrange such thing be name ratan . he usually be not in this country . ( a beat ) how would you hear about he ? jake it 's just a name . mast do not do anything more . I will find out what I can . jake ( nodd toward motel ) do she know anything about this ? mast who ? the whore ? no . she 's just a victim . a dime a dozen . CUT to : int . jake' room - night Jake sleep in he Travel Lodge bed . a jag shard of blue light play across he face . CUT to : ext . eddy and o'farrell street - day Jake stand at the corner , then turn and enter the porn bookstore . CUT to : int . pandora's book - day Jake look around . see no one he recognize , he pay he admission fee walk down a rack , pick up a copy of " hot twat , " page through it . it 's be over a week since Jake first step into a porno bookstore . the change in he manner be strike . he now seem at ease in the endless night - world of pander and pornography . a few moment later , a long-haire man step up behind he . the young man be wear red alligator boot and a silver and turquoise belt -- like the man in " slave of Love . " tod scrutinize Jake a moment before speak . tod ( under he breath ) hey , Jake . Jake turn . tod give he some skin . tod seem unattractive at first , but the longer one look at he , the more oddly sensual he appear . tod ( continue ) I hear you get money to spend . ( as Jake nod ) I hear you be interested in ... interesting thing . jake yeah . tod do you work for the San Francisco Police Department , or do you have any other affiliation with any law enforcement agency ? jake no. tod what you get in mind ? jake I want to meet ratan . tod ( back off ) what be that ? a kind of chair ? I never hear of no ratan . jake ( study tod ) I be tell that there be certain thing that only ratan could provide . tod you be talk about real excitement ? jake yeah . I hear you and ratan just come from Mexico . and that you have a film of a girl be , ah you know ... tod who tell you about this ? jake rucker . tod I do not know no ratan , but I may be able to help you out . it 's not I , of course . just help out a friend . it will cost you five hundred buck for a single screen . jake be this with a girl name Kristen ? tod ( nod ) um-hm . you get the five hundred ? jake well ... tod take it or leave it . jake okay . tod meet I here today at seven o'clock . with the money . then we will go see the film . jake good . tod put he hand on Jake 's shoulder and smile . tod you be not gonna ever have no thrill like this . CUT to : int . TRAVEL lodge - dusk niki sit on a bed watch a syndicate sitcom and munch a Taco Bell enchilada . she hear a car pull up and a man 's footstep walk to the door . she cautiously get up to see who it be . ext . eddy and o'farrell street - dusk Jake walk out of pandora 's book behind tod . they turn the corner and walk out of sight . CUT to : ext . jone STREET - dusk Jake and tod enter the " hot pink " massage parlor . a sign on the front door read : " sex / intercourse / here . " CUT to : int . hot pink - night tod lead Jake past two girl into the back of the parlor . tod smile to one of the parlor girl and touch the other . int . massage parlor - night tod usher Jake into a barren " office " in the rear of the parlor . a sheet have be tack up at one end of the office . across the room , the projectionist , a boy about 15 , stand next to a batter old 16 mm silent projector . two other man sit in the darken room . one look middle - age and decadent ; the other , about 26 , wear jeans , a western shirt , and a beat up flight jacket . he 's save up several year for this . Jake sit in a empty office chair next to the other man . tod nod to the boy and he start up the projector . a grainy black and white image appear on the screen . the projectionist punch a cheap cassette player which echoe scratchy mexican fiesta music through the room . it 's clear why the projectionist have choose a Latin sound track : the film be set up in a Tijuana flophouse . on screen , a girl with long blonde hair and Kristen 's build sit on the edge of a barren double bed . she wear jeans and a shirt . her face be cover by a black leather mask . the eye slit be tape shut . a cerveza poster of a half - naked mexican girl hang on the wall behind she . a young mexican , stripped to the waist , walk over to the girl . take instruction from someone off camera , he start to undress she . the girl , unable to see she seducer , nevertheless submit to he desire . Jake watch the screen from the shadow . the pale image flicker across a metal filing cabinet behind he . tod slip out of the room . on screen , the young mexican have finish the girl . he turn to the director for further instruction . a man wear a white suit walk into the frame . he flash a stiletto from he sleeve and stab the young mexican . the girl , not able to see what be happen , turn she head quizzically . Jake watch in unbely horror . the young man in the flight jacket be calm and dispassionate . the young mexican fall to the floor bleed . the man in the white suit bend down and wipe the stiletto on the mexican 's pant leg . the man in the white suit step over to the girl and put one hand under she mask . he lift he stiletto again . he rip off the mask from the girl 's face ; it be not Kristen . Jake be relieved . the face of the other be full of anticipation . Jake 's relief turn to horror at what he now see . blurr image reflect against the metal cabinet behind he . CUT to : int . TRAVEL lodge - night mast , wait for Jake , talk to niki . the tv still play in the background . mast you know granville 's look for you , niki ? niki my name be not niki . it 's pattica , like in attica . mast granville 's look for you anyway . niki ( arrogant ) who 's that ? mast the guy who buy you that ring . niki well , he can just fuck himself . she pull off she ring and start to hand it to mast . mast keep it , honey . you be gonna need it . I know that boy . he can make life real tough for a work girl . he will string you out again . gesture to he vein . niki you can fuck off , too . mast you be take a big chance . niki I be not ever gonna see he again anyway . mast oh no ? what you gonna do ? get a job ? niki , sullen , look away . then , defensive , she say what she 's be think . niki Jake will take care of I . mast who? Van dorn ? you must be kid yourself , honey . you think once that guy find he daughter he will care about you ? niki look away again . a car pull in front of the motel room . they both turn toward the door . Jake , weary and angry , walk in out of the night . ignoring mast , he take niki by the arm and lead she out of earshot . jake niki ... when mast move to overhear they , Jake turn and edge he toward the door . mast what happen , pilgrim ? jake ( forceful ) just leave I alone . mast but I be here to help you ... Jake usher mast out the door and chain it . mast wait outside as Jake return to niki . niki do you find out where she be ? jake tod give I the slip . I have to find he again . where do he live ? niki ( sense something be wrong ) what happen ? jake ( cold ) where be he ? niki I can not tell you that . take niki gently by the shoulder , Jake sit she on the edge of the bed . he speak in a calm , forceful , parental tone : jake listen , niki . my daughter 's be miss five month . I have go through a lot to find out what 's happen to she . I just see a girl kill . I will not let tod slip out of my hand . you have to tell I where he be . niki but then you will forget about I . jake ( insistent ) where be he , niki ? Jake start to raise he hand . niki ( relent ) try a place call the House of bondage . it 's a plain black storefront next to Jane 's . there be some apartment in back . Jake stand up and , take niki 's head in he hand , kiss she on the forehead . jake I will not forget you . Jake turn and exit . CUT to : ext . TRAVEL lodge - night Jake pass mast and head for he car . mast restrain he . mast what be you do , pilgrim ? where be you go ? Jake try to push he way past mast . mast ( continue ) let I take care of this . I do not want you to get hurt . Jake push mast aside . mast continue to talk as Jake open he car door and get in . mast ( continue ) do not do anything until the police get there . do not hurt that girl . Jake turn he car and take off . mast hurry back into the motel room . CUT to : int . TRAVEL lodge - night mast head immediately for the phone , talk to niki as he go : mast you have get to tell I where he 's go . mast sit down and dial . mast ( continue ) hello , police ? my name 's mast . get I Joe klein in vice . mast turn to niki : mast ( continue ; tough ) you do not know that man . he will hurt he own fuck daughter . I have get to stop he . ( a beat ) you know about ratan , do not you ? niki look on in fear and confusion . CUT to : ext . eddy STREET - night Van dorn walk down the garish neon strip past " Jane 's pleasure House " to a unmark black storefront . the door be open . a light shine on a sign read : " 387 OPEN . " he walk in . CUT to : int . house of bondage - night as Jake step through the bar black door , he be hit with a wave of familiar smell : human sweat , blood and sexual fluid . the House of bondage specialize in the three " discipline : " bondage , dominance and humiliation . it have four domination room , each decorate in a different decor -- babylonian , medieval , Louis quatorze , prison motif -- to satisfy a variety of taste . two dominant , dress in black satin pants and shirt , sit on the sofa . hope , wear a black silver - studd collar , walk over to Jake . her voice be hard : hope hello . you want some information ? jake yeah . hope we offer ... jake yeah , yeah ... hope ... the discipline : bondage , domination and humiliation . jake I be look for tod . be he in ? hope I do not know no tod . jake what girl you get here ? hope my name be hope . this be faith . ( gesture to girl on sofa ) Charity 's in back . jake that 's all you get , three girl ? hope man , how many girl do you need ? jake I be tell there be a real nice girl here name joanne . quite young . hope that 's Charity . she 's out back . she will be free in half hour . Jake push she aside . the girl watch with surprise as Jake march through the curtain toward the rear of the parlor . CUT to : int . house of bondage - rear - night Jake step down the corridor . a customer emerge from a room and pass he . he slide open one door : the medieval dungeon be empty . he continue on . he pass the Louis quatorze room . it , too , be empty . hope call from behind Jake : hope ( o.s. ) tod ! tod step into the corridor in front of Jake . tod squint to recognize the intruder . tod ( suspicious ) what do you want ? ( scrutinize he ) do I know you from somewhere ? jake I want to know where my daughter be . her name be Kristen , or joanne . she 's with you . tod I do not know what you be talk about . he start to leave . jake the police know about ratan . they know he 's here with you . they know everything . tod be take aback , but try not to show it . tod oh , yeah ? goody for they . tod start past Jake , but Jake stretch out he hand . tod ( continue ) get the fuck out of here . tod try to push past Van dorn but Jake grab he arm and try to twist they . tod break free and Jake smack he across he forehead with he open hand . tod ( continue ) you wait here . I will find out where she be . jake you be not goin ' nowhere alone . Jake be beyond reason . tod look around for a alternate route of escape . tod duck into the prison room . Jake follow . vertical bar cover the grey wall . handcuffs and chain hang from the bar . in the center of the room , a harley davidson " hog " be incongruously mount , its front wheel point skyward . leather strap be attach to the handlebar . tod skirt the harley and push it toward Jake as he enter . the huge 1200 - pound machine crash toward Van dorn . Jake jump back as the bike bounce in front of he , then start for tod . lower he shoulder , tod smashes through the thin pasteboard wall . Jake , steeping over the motorcycle , pursue . in the Louis quatorze room , Jake grab tod by the shoulder and spin he around . tod swing as he turn , hit Jake . Jake grab tod 's leg as he fall . they both crash through the next pasteboard wall into the medieval dungeon . tod break free , run through the dungeon and burst through the last pasteboard wall . Jake pull himself to he foot and follow . jake where be she ? hope and faith , stand against the wall , watch as tod and Jake burst through the wall and dash out the front door . CUT to : ext . o'farrell - night Jake chase tod out of the House of bondage . Van dorn push one girl , knock over another and catch up with tod at the corner . he tackle tod around the waist , ram he into a building and turn he around . jake where 's ratan ? tod who ? Jake grab the young man by he hair and pull he down the street . tod yelp . jake ratan ! pass a parking meter , Jake smashes tod 's head into it . tod 's forehead crack into the glass . tod , bleed , protest : tod that film be a fake ! everything 's phony ... jake ratan ! when tod do not immediately answer , Jake ram he skull into the next parking meter . tod , bleed , daze , struggle to stay on he foot . Jake pull he forward . jake ( continue ) I know he 's here ! gripping he hair more tightly , Van dorn drag he to the next parking meter and smashes he head into it . jake ( continue ) ratan ! curious bystander watch Jake smash the youth 's bleed head into the next parking meter . tod ( terrify ) who the fuck know ? the four ace . he go there . jake let 's go . Van dorn pull tod down the sidewalk toward the four ace . CUT to : int . four ace - night Van dorn pull the bleed tod into the four ace , a low - life strip club . a dozen solo patron be scattered around the dimly light bar . on stage , a couple perform a routine sex simulation act to a scratchy Barry White record . CUT to : ext . house of bondage - night two police car , dome light flash , pull up in front of the House of bondage . mast 's car pull up behind they . CUT to : int . four ace - night a man wear a white suit sit at a table with several girl . he immediately recognize tod . this be ratan . the man who kill the young mexican and girl in the film . ratan start to rise . Jake drop tod and head toward ratan . a girl wear a skimpy halter stand up between ratan and Jake . she turn and look back at Jake : it be Kristen . she be terrify . Kristen turn and run away , stumbling over a chair . ratan rush toward the front door . in the same instant Jake see Kristen fall , ratan flee . try to get around Jake , ratan flash he stiletto forward . a gash razor across Jake 's upper chest . ratan 's stiletto flash forward : Jake 's arm be cut . Jake clasp ratan and thrust he backward . CUT to : ext . four ace - night the street fill with siren , flash light and police . mast rush toward the four ace . niki follow . CUT to : int . four ace - night Jake ram ratan backward into the smoke- color front window . ratan 's back smashes through the plate glass . ratan 's foot lift off the floor as he fall backward . sinking backward against the break glass , ratan swing he stiletto at Jake . Jake , protect himself from the knife , flip ratan over . ratan 's chest and stomach rasp across the jag glass . Jake grab ratan 's head in both he hand and force it downward onto the bottom edge of the jag window frame . he rub ratan 's neck across the glass : every artery , vein and capillary rip out of ratan 's neck . ratan collapse against the window frame . two officer , gun draw , rush toward ratan 's body . the second Officer pull out he handcuffs , then realize it will not be need . Jake turn and head toward where he last see Kristen . the first Officer aim he gun at Jake and call out : first officer halt ! mast and plainclothes officer ( Joe klein ) , rush over and instruct the officer to ease off . Jake walk across the now empty bar . several table be overturn . Jake walk to the table where Kristen trip . follow she logical path , Jake walk into the woman 's rest room . CUT to : int . rest room - night Kristen squeeze herself against the yellow rest room wall . tremble , she hold she twisted ankle and look at she father in fear . Jake take off he tear coat and drape it over he daughter 's shoulder . she try not to look at he . kristen do not hurt I . jake come on , Kristen . let 's go home . he help she up . CUT to : ext . o'farrell - night flash red and yellow light illuminate the chaos : -- curious mob press against police line . -- ambulance attendant lift ratan 's body onto a stretcher . -- the two officer handcuff a bloody and confuse tod . -- Police officer interview hope , faith and other by - stander . mast walk over to Jake and Kristen . niki watch from a distance . jake there 's another one . tod . in the club . mast watch the ambulance attendant cover ratan 's body . Jake lead Kristen to a police car and place she in the rear seat . Jake see niki in the crowd . she be watch Jake and Kristen . she know she no longer have a place in he life . he walk over to she . jake niki , maybe I can ... there 's probably some way to ... niki do what Jake cannot : she break the connection . niki ( ice cold ) you get you daughter . I get my money . so now fuck off . niki turn on she heel and walk into the neon darkness . Jake walk back to mast . jake Andy , can you do something for she ? maybe money ... mast go home , pilgrim . there 's nothing you can do . forget this place . start over . Jake walk back to where he daughter wait for he . the music turn into a orchestrate version of " precious memories . " dissolve to : montage as the music rise we dissolve between : -- wes , Anne and Marsha welcome Kristen back in they home . Anne embrace she tearfully . -- Jake , back at work , talk to Mary near the lathes . -- niki , wear white vinyl boot and a blonde wig , walk the street of Los Angeles . -- Kristen lie sleep peacefully in she bedroom . -- Jake sleep . Blue light fall across he face . slowly , burn through he face , the grainy black and white image of a girl wear a black mask appear . a hand reach down to pull off the mask . Jake wake suddenly from he dream , he scream face double - expose with the terrify young girl 's . fade out : the end