hardball screenplay by Lewis colick base on the novel , " hardball " by Daniel coyle revision by Carl Franklin and John gatin May 3 , 1999 ext . ST . john' catholic church - night it 's a windy march night in Chicago as conor o'neill climb the step of St. John 's church . he pause at the top of the stair to take a long pull off a bottle in a brown bag . he enter the dark church . int . ST . john' catholic church - night conor pour himself into the last pew and unhook the bow- tie of he rent tux . he 's more exhaust than any 29 year old need to be . a priest leave the church spot conor and approach he . the priest be wear street clothes and carry he formal work clothes a a hanger . priest I gotta lock up son . conor nod in understanding while not break he drunken stare . the priest sense conor 's unhappiness . priest ( cont would ) you look for faith ? forgiveness ? conor get up to leave . he look at the Priest . conor I be look for milwaukee to beat the spread . conor leave the church . ext . duffy' bar - night conor bolster 's he courage by finish the bag pint and toss it in the alley . he exhales before enter . int . duffy' bar - night the typical irish bar be alive with the sound and smell of basketball and stale beer . head turn when they see conor enter , obviously a unwelcome regular . the bartender grab conor by the jacket . bartender conor be you nut ? conor pull free and grab a bowl of nut off the bar . conor fling the nut on the ground . conor this be nut . conor stumble into a bar patron who shove he out of the way . it 's clear in the light that conor be drunk and probably have be all day . the bartender have catch up to he . bartender duffy 's here , you better have he money . conor I get it . the bartender look incredulously at conor who fess up . conor ( cont would ) I be gonna have it , what 's the score ? bartender you be into duffy for at least 5 grand , who give you a account ? conor I laid 6 grand with barber , to get I even . conor have lock he drunken eye on the tv above the bar that bark out the bull game . bar fly bull by 7 . conor I get milwaukee gettin ' eleven . bartender two minute to go . conor yeah baby , keep the clock runnin' . a young guy wear a identical tux appear next to conor . this be jiimmy . behind he be two bride's maids in poofy peach satin gowns . jimmy I can not believe you , you split mikey 's wedding to come to duffy 's . conor do not even acknowledge he fellow groomsman as he address the tv . conor stop ! what be they foul he for ?! jimmy shake he head but stay with conor . conor be lock on the tv . conor ( cont would ) c'mon there 's only a minute leave it 's over . bar fly Jordan 's hit 16 free throw in a row . that 's 17 . conor bull by nine , hang on . just hang on . duffy be a big burly irish guy who come out of a back office lead by the bartender who obviously tip he off about conor . duffy you do not bet the barber with my money ? right o'neill ? you be not that stupid . conor shut up duffy , in 18 second you will have you money . they all study the screen . Jordan steal the ball and attempt to run the court but be tackle by Ray Allen . conor ( cont would ) that 's okay even if he make they both , it 's eleven . I push . I be even . bar fly flagrant foul , he shoot one for that first . conor throw he hand in the air and holler he frustration . conor that 's bullshit ! bar fly that 's 18 in a row . we watch the screen now as Jordan be smile , taunting the milwaukee buck as he stand on the line . six second leave with two free throw to go and the bull up 10 . jordan launch the shot , it hit the front of the rim , hop over it , hit the back board and fall through the hoop . the ugliest free throw in history . conor nearly jump out of he skin . conor how the hell do that fall ?! jordan laugh at he own luck and reset for he last attempt . he set , throw , nothing but net . bull by 12 , the buck in - bound the ball and immediately begin shaking hand as they let the last couple of second tick off the clock . conor have go silent as he instinctively start drink someone else 's scotch off the bar . conor get shove by the man he steal the drink from . duffy begin to approach he . conor make he way towards the door . duffy grab he ! conor rush out the door and into the street . he take off but a side door open and the bartender grab he . conor get off a I . the bartender squeeze he with he forearm . conor ( cont would ) that 's a hairy arm , I bet you shave you ass . the bartender punch conor in the head with he free hand . conor wobble from the blow but the bartender keep he stand . the bar have emptied to the street as duffy approach conor . duffy clock conor blind side and he drop like a rag doll from the grip of the bartender . duffy I be first o'neill , you pay I first . the crowd be silent as they watch the drunk and now injure conor attempt to regain he foot . it 's like watch a two year old walk as conor take a stumbly step before stand upright . he address the assembly . conor you wanna beat my ass ? conor stumble towards a park car , he violently punch he hand through the driver side window . the crowd be motionless as he again turn to they , blood pour from he hand . he howl now ... conor no one can kick my ass better than I can ! conor careen towards the crowd wildly wave he bloody hand . he suddenly change course and lower he head , ramming it through the window of duffy 's bar . to the gallery 's surprise , conor rise unsteadily and make a lame lunge at the crowd before fall almost face first a the pavement . jimmy rush to he and the crowd seem to disperse . duffy and the bartender stand over conor 's body . we hear the sound of siren grow closer as we fade out . fade in : int . chicago police station - day the classic jail sound of metal hit metal wake conor who 's be asleep sit on the floor . he lift he head from he knee and stare out at a familiar voice . ticky conor , it 's ticky . it's ticky !' ticky be a thirty - some year old ticket scalper who wear a quilt bull 's jacket and a bull 's National champ painter 's cap backwards . a cop lead conor from he small hold cell . we now see that the blood stain on the raffle of he rent tux shirt match the makeshift bandage on he right hand . the large square bandaid on he forehead do not quite cover the scrape that 's now mark with dark purple blood crust . int . chicago police station lobby - day the cop pull conor by the handcuffs to a large wooden bench in the lobby . ticky watch as the cop routinely cuff conor to the iron arm of the bench . conor offer in a weak voice ... conor ticky , do you call my sister ? ticky lean close to conor in a effort to hear he . conor ( cont would ) do you call my sister ? ticky damn , you get zactly 's breath ? conor Zactly 's breath ? ticky you breath smell zactly like you ass . damn , that 's nasty . conor where 's my sister ? ticky she 's comin ' to get you , but come for the ticket . conor which one ? ticky you get two pair on the floor for the bull rocket . conor yeah but you be not in on that remember ? I be gonna hawk that myself , the game 's not till 7 . ticky it 's 5 . conor what ? ticky just tell I where they be . conor shit , under the uh ... religious statue on my dresser . ticky 's already leave . conor ( cont would ) wait , ticky I want 1200 , ticky ! conor slump against the wall , he pull he head back in pain . we hear the sound of pointy heel click pertly a the ground . kerry o'neill appear with she older fiancée frank tortorici . kerry be 23 go on 40 with over do nail and jewelry . frank be 40 go on 60 with a nebulous connection to the construction business in urban Chicago . kerry stare disapprovingly at she older brother kerry this be gonna cost Frank eight hundred and fifty dollar . ( commanding Frank ) frankie go pay the guy . frank jump to obey kerry 's command . conor Frank , I really - kerry this be the last time , you be scarin ' I conor . you be just like dad it break my heart - conor I be not just like dad ! kerry yeah ?! duffy call the house today and say you smashed up he bar sound like dad to I ! conor Kerry - kerry how many ticket you gonna scalp to pay for that ? huh ? you will be scalping ticket for barney and Friends on ice , I swear to God . kerry start walk away as the cop return with frank to uncuff conor from the bench . ext . brick apartment build - night we see conor get out of frank 's late model buick and make he way up the stoop of a apartment building in Rogers Park . a extremely modest neighborhood that set the border between the exquisite gold Coast and the ghetto ghost town of the cabrini Green housing project . int . conor' apartment - night we hear the shower run as we pan the small one bedroom apartment . a cheap lamp light the statue of Mary magdalen stand a the desk . a old wooden color console tv play a basketball game light the rest of the cluttere room . a double mattress on the floor be at home with the sneaker and other clothes that take up most of the walk space . a julius erving poster inhabit the otherwise sparse wall . it appear as though conor have live here a long time with no attempt to decorate . the shower stop and we can now hear the sound of the tv play a post game show . conor step from the bathroom wear a cub beach towel around he waist , obviously a give away from a promotional day at wrigley . conor hold a hand towel to the cut on he forehead . the doorbell ring . conor be immediately wary , he grab a aluminum softball bat and step to the side of the door . conor yeah ? ticky it 's ticky , let I in . conor toss the bat silently on the bed and begin unlock the door . conor ticky , thank God , I really need that money ... ( as he open the door ) how much do you get for the ticket ? conor open the door to see ticky get shove aside by two guy . they immediately pin the towele conor against the wall . barber be son o'neill , you remember I ? ticky they grab I outside the United Center - conor barber 's son . barber be son o'neill , do you even remember make that call from Michael pistone 's wedding ? conor get off a I . barber' son you speak to I , and you say " it 's o'neill number 55 what 's my limit ? " I check number 55 and I see it have a six grand limit . conor shove he but barber be son slam against the wall . barber' son I take you six grand on milwaukee and it go down so I ask my dad about o'neill on account 55 and he say the guy on that account die six month ago . conor tell the barber - barber' son you bet six grand on you dead father 's account , and now you owe my very alive , very piss off father 6600 . he harder barber' son pin he further up the wall . conor c'mon let I down I be ina towel would you relax , I be not goin ' anywhere . barber' son let he down but stand in he face . conor ( cont would ) I be gonna pay he , ticky give he the 1200 from tonight and well go from there . ticky look to conor with a apologetic smile . ticky I roll it on the bull tonight on my own number with duffy . conor what ? ticky I be gonna give 'ya the 2400 when it cover . barber' son bull win by three , spread be five , same old storey with you guy , if this , if that ... forget it , I need some money . conor here I will give you everything I get . conor pull a crinkle hand of bill from he rent tux pants . the other thug , gino , count it . gino 47 dollar . barber' son now grab the bat and swing it against the wall . it make a easy gash , he continue talk as if nothing just happen . barber be son tell I what to do ? conor either I will get a loan and pay someone else the juice every week or you can put I on a payment and I will pay you the juice , you tell I . barber 's son think it over , he grab the bill from the other thug . barber' son you owe 6600 , you pay I ... 5700 a week until I say stop . conor that 's ridiculous , 400 . barber' son silently accept he counter offer and then point the bat at he . barber' son bring it to the barber shop , but do not make I come back up here . I be serious , please do not make I come back here . the barber' son be plea seem soft but deadly serious . they leave . ticky turn to conor who wave he hand make he leave with out say a word . conor shut and lock he door . ext . downtown chicago - day the business district teem with the foot traffic of well dress professional . conor sift through this stream in casual clothes and a fishing hat properly angle to cover the bandage gash on he forehead . he pause to look up the face of the tall bank building he 's about to enter . he go in . int . morgan stanley investment - day conor look a bit out of place in the reception area of this white collar money circus . a cute receptionist blushes for he as he approach she . conor I be conor o'neill , I have a 11:30 with James Devlin . cute receptionist do he know what it 's regard ? conor the purchase of wrigley field and the fire of sassy receptionist who wear aerobic sneaker to work and think that guy in fishing hat be sexy but dangerous . cute receptionist ( completely throw ) just a minute . ( into headset ) Mr. o'neill be here for he 11:30 with Mr. Devlin . ok , yes . ( to conor ) right down that corridor Mr. o'neill . conor walk in the direction she hand be point . int . jimmy devlin ' S office - day we recognize the man behind the desk as jimmy , the other groomsman in a tux at duffy 's bar . he now wear a serious , conservative business suit complete with suspender . jimmy leave conor stand in the doorway off he glass wall office . conor feel self - conscious with he fishing hat and bandage . jimmy get off the phone . jimmy Mr. o'neill , on time for you 11:30 , uncommon for you , it must be important . conor yeah , Jimmy , I be sorry about the other night after the wedding ... conor wait for jimmy to jump in , he do not . conor ( cont would ) at duffy 's y'know , I be slightly over - serve and uh ... jimmy continue to smile smugly at conor who we begin to feel sweat . conor ( cont would ) I want to apologize . jimmy be that why you come down here ? conor no , I mean yes , it be but I also come because of what happen . jimmy what happen ? conor you know the bet I have go down , and I bust up duffy 's bar a little and I uh kinda dig myself a big hole . jimmy yeah , I would imagine . conor so what d'ya think ? jimmy about what ? conor sigh and shift he foot , he be burn in shame . conor can you help I out ? jimmy help you with what ? conor Jimmy , you know why I come down here . jimmy I need to hear you say it so I get it loud and clean conor dig deep and lay out what 's leave of he pride . conor can you lend I 12 grand ? jimmy let the moment resonate . jimmy you need to bury you father again ? conor what ?! jimmy do you dig the guy up ? conor you be sick . jimmy I ?! five month ago you be in here cryin ' for 5 grand to bury you old man . I talk to Scott mahoney at mikey 's wedding seem he also leat you 5 grand to bury the guy . conor I be gonna pay mahoney back - jimmy I do not care how much you owe mahoney - conor it 's just right now I be really up against it with duffy and the barber - jimmy and I really do not give a shit how much you owe the booky - conor start out . jimmy ( cont would ) wait , come back in . conor do . jimmy ( cont would ) Close the door . what 's with you ? you be the only one leave at duffy 's . I be go , mikey 's go , mahoney . what be you doin ' ? hangin ' around with ticky tobin scalpin ' ticket and bettin ' game ? selfish , I can not believe I be gonna do this for you . this be the last time . jimmy start write a check . conor ( relieved ) I be do betting and I swear I be gonna pay you back - jimmy no you be not , you never do , so do not even say it . you never follow through on anything . conor who say that ? mahoney ? jimmy hand he a check , conor snatch it and study the amount . conor have jimmy this might actually help you . conor this be only 500 buck . jimmy I know , you be gonna coach a kid baseball team with I . conor Jimmy you do not understand how serious my situation be - jimmy I be gonna pay you 500 a week for the next 10 week , that 's week one . no choice in the matter . conor Jimmy I be not good with kid . jimmy I do this to give something back to the community . you do not wanna do it , gimme the check back . conor stand in the doorway , he 's get no choice . jimmy I will see you at the field tomorrow , 3:30 . conor where be it ? jimmy 's now rush he out . jimmy that field on 1150 carson , 3:30 . conor 's face go blank . conor that 's really South on carson be you sure it 's - jimmy yeah , 1150 carson it 's behind the oscar meyer plant . jimmy push he out the door , conor talk through the glass wall . conor no , the only thing behind the oscar meyer plant be cabrini Green . the project . jimmy have wave he last goodbye with a smile as he 's jump on a phone call . jimmy pull the blind and conor look around to see the office smile at he . he realize now that 500 a week might be a billion dollar short . ext . cabrini grefn baseball field - day carson field be surround by the ugly building of the fail cabrini housing project . the neighborhood look and feel as dangerous as it be . a ghost town of unemployment , people stay off the street day or night . conor make he way across the beat grass of cabrini Baseball field . he wear a old cub hat as the only modification from he typical outfit that consist of work pants and black shoe . it 's still cool in March so he leather coat be appropriate . he see a group of kid near a wear back stop with a wooden set of bleacher nearby . conor make he way to the group but opt for a spot on the bleacher when he do not see jimmy . we get a closer look at the kid who all appear to be between 9 and 12 . there 's probably 7 kid total who be all actively do something counter productive . a little kid chase a tall skinny kid . another kid just listen to a walkman as he slowly rock , while another kid hold court with a tatter blue aluminum bat . suddenly a 1998 BMW pull up behind the backstop , the kid run to surround it . it 's jimmy . ext . jimmy BMW - day we 7 kid be awed with jimmy 's car . jimmy try to " shoo " they away in attempt to prevent little fingerprint on what be a glass - like finish to the car . we also see a woman in the passenger seat , it 's the cute receptionist from Morgan stanley . alonzo , the kid with the blue bat , lean in the window . alonzo check out coach Jimmy 's whip , damn this shit be pimp . jimmy please guy , do not touch the car , it 's new . please you will ruin the wax . a heavy set kid name calvert shove alonzo out of the way . calvert yo coach Jimmy , here 's my extra inhaler . calvert begin to hand jimmy a collection of stuff . calvert ( cont would ) here 's my sugar baby for when my blood need sugar , my mama say I do better when my blood 's get sugar and - jimmy what 's you name again ? calvert calvert jefferson tibbs , coach Jimmy but - jimmy everybody listen ! the kid get quiet as jimmy speak . jimmy ( cont would ) the guy behind you be coach conor , he 's take over the day to day operation . conor step closer when he hear he name . conor what ? the tall thin kid pipe up . maurice that bummy guy 's coach ? jimmy coach conor I just stop by to give you the equipment . jimmy push a button and the trunk pop open . the kid scramble for the wear army bag full of bat , ball and glove . conor Jimmy I can not do this by myself - jimmy here 's the roster and schedule . I be goin ' to the New York office for three week , a training seminar . conor how my gonna get my money ? jimmy be already pull away , conor jog alongside the car . jimmy offer out the window ... jimmy ellen will have you check every Monday . jimmy motion to ellen , the cute rfceptionist sit in the passenger seat . she smile . jimmy zoom off , raise dust from the dry lot behind the backstop . conor stand amidst the swirl dust and swirl kid . ext . dugout - day conor have somehow manage to corral all 7 boy into the graffiti laden dugout . he attempt to take roll . conor alonzo Ray peete ? the kid with the blue bat respond . alonzo what 's up motherfucka ? the kid laugh at he funny delivery . conor what position do you play ? alonzo Big Willie . more laugh . alonzo ( cont would ) whatever , back catcher , center field , I get mad power . I pound it to the gate yo . he exchange a hard hand slap with maurice the tall lanky kid . this boy be obviously the alpha male . conor Frederick Payne the second ? no response as the kid all point to the short stocky kid listen to he walkman . conor ( cont would ) what position do he play ? calvert he say he can pitch , coach conor , but might pitch too . conor what 's you name ? calvert calvert jefferson tibbs , my mama say I could play anywhere , what with my asthma and all I should probably play first . I gotta keep my sugar up too . y'know my mama say that some boy just plain big bone - alonzo and some boy just plain fat ass . again alonzo exchange slap with maurice . the kid laugh . suddenly they get quiet as two man be stand behind conor . one be matt hyland , a white yuppie dress in clean coach clothes . the other be al carter a black man in a sweat suit and dress shoe . they wait for conor to turn around . matt hyland hi , Matt hyland head of the coaches committee , be you the kikuyus ? conor what ? alonzo jump up . alonzo yeah bitch , we the kikuyus , whassup ? al carter ( check he pad ) where 's James Devlin from Morgan stanley ? conor he 's the head coach I be assist he , he have business out of town . matt hyland well , you have get what ? six or seven kid here ? you gotta be able to field a team or the league will drop you . conor could care less . conor I will tell Jimmy that - matt hyland this be Al Carter he 's the commissioner of the league . al carter last year be a mess we have to cancel game because we would show up and the other team would have five kid . waste of everybody 's time . matt hyland we just wanna save everyone alotta trouble , if you can not field a team , drop out . conor stare incredulously at the two politician attempt to leverage he out of a situation he have no interest in be in . al carter talk to Jimmy Devlin and Morgan stanley and submit a roster by Friday . al carter and matt hyland saunter off proud of they stance . conor look back to the seven kikuyus who have hear and understand they fate . calvert pipe up . calvert tiki and Ray - Ray wanna play . conor fumble with he sheet , he struggle to read the name . conor be that tirakian Evans and raymont bennet ? calvert yeah , coach conor ' that tiki and Ray -ray , but missus wilk be not never gonna let they play . the kid explode in impersonation of mrs . wilk , who from this impression be a mean woman . conor who 's Mrs. wilk ? alonzo she teach fifth grade at immaculate conception - calvert she 's real mean coach - maurice she 's a old nasty lady who tell you mom everything " bout what homework you do not do , she call my mom every night last year . conor and she will not let this guy play ? calvert coach conor she tell they mom that they can not play ball until they do this book report . alonzo I can tell ya , tiki be not doin ' shit . maurice Ray - Ray neither , yo . they motherfuckas be like , " quit that noise bitch " . conor raise he bandage hand in a attempt for control . conor can we try to cool it on the use of " motherfucker " and " bitch " . the kid get quiet for a second . conor stare at he roster think . conor where 's immaculate conception ? maybe I should try to talk to Mrs. wilk . freddy who have be silent the whole time pipe way up . freddy nooo ! they all turn to freddy who take off he head phone and then very earnestly offer . freddy ( cont would ) no coach , that bitch be one mean old motherfucka . the team laugh at freddy 's disregard for the " motherfucker " ban . conor alright , umh ... well I gotta talk to coach Devlin and figure this out . the sound of unbelievably heavy bass emanate from a " 83 monte Carlo that slowly prowl through the lot behind the backstop . the player on the field all stand still and watch it pass . conor note the reaction from the team . alonzo coach it 's gettin ' dark , we gotta go soon . conor who 's in that car . alonzo they " folk " , they local , it 's cool . conor folk ? alonzo yeah , " folk " , they be not the problem , " disciple " , they the problem . conor absorb this information before address the team . he try to organize the next practice as the kid be antsy to leave . conor umh ... Thursday at four o'clock here . the kid have already break into small faction as they map out they route home . maurice yo lonzo , how you goin ' ? alonzo up carson , to division then across beaumont then 27th back to carson at cabrini . maurice I be gonna go down carson and through the school yard back to cabrini . freddy my mom 's meetin ' I at pizza pizza , I be not walk by myself . calvert nervously run to catch freddy . calvert freddy , wait up , I wanna go with you to pizza pizza . conor curiously watch as the kid attack the darken landscape with military efficiency . Three separate group tight together , try to get safely back to the cabrini project . ext . chicago street - night alonzo and maurice walk shoulder to shoulder up carson street overly aware of everyone they see . maurice wanna just cut up 25th ? alonzo whatever , I do not always walk the folk loop , fuck the disciple . a volley of gun fire be hear a few block away , the boy stop for one second . alonzo and maurice Glock , nine millimeter . the boy continue to walk , shoulder closer try not to appear scared . alonzo you know about my ka-rah - tay right ? maurice you mean karate ? alonzo Nah , it 's ka-rah - tay , I learn it from my cousin who be in Japan in the Army . maurice 's silence be a tacit acceptance of alonzo 's lie . alonzo ( cont would ) lightn quick . alonzo stop in he track and slap maurice in the chest . maurice stop walk . alonzo assume a pose place he hand by he ear like claw , eye bugge wide open and stand on one foot . alonzo ( cont would ) this be the tiger , no man can defend himself from the fury of a well train ka-rah - tay tiger man . maurice nod he head want desperately to believe that alonzo really have uncontrollable deadly martial art skill . maurice yeah lonzo , the tiger , I hear a that . alonzo retract he pose as if come out of a trance . alonzo yeah , I only use the tiger when I fight like a dozen guy . maurice yeah that 's right . alonzo more than that I use the bear . maurice right ... ( a beat ) what 's the bear again ? maurice look to alonzo who we get the feel have exhaust he ka-rah- tay repertoire . alonzo I can not show you , secret code of ka-rah - tay honor . maurice that 's cool . the boy have continue down the street and have come to carson and 24th Street . we can see the tall building of the cabrini Green house Project two short block away . just as they be about to cross 24 they see a gang of teenager wear a assortment of georgetown hoya gear ; starter pullover , wool cap , baseball hat . without speak alonzo and maurice put they head down and continue quickly up carson Ave . ext . cabrini greeen project - night a 1978 Toyota celica pull up to the curb and calvert get out and we can see freddy and freddy mom in the car . freddy mom hand a small pizza box out the window . calvert thanks mar 'am , I will finish it tonight . the car pull away and calvert study the four dimly light building arrange in a U -shape courtyard . he fix on the entrance to a orange high rise 100 yard away . jamaican music float out of a distant window and a group of older man drink from bottle in bag at a picnic table . the asphalt circle in the middle of the four building be dark but we can see shadow of people move around . group of young man stand on the sidewalk . some slowly troll on b.m.x bike watch every car for brake light . if a car slow down they circle for a sale . calvert begin to walk towards the orange building , he breath be labor by asthma and fear . he see a shadow out of the corner of he eye and he instinctively run toward the nearest building . calvert bust through the lobby door of a blue building and press he chubby frame against the cinder block wall . he pull out he inhaler and take two quick hit . the flame of a lighter illuminate the otherwise dark stairwell as a rail thin woman light the end of what use to be the plastic tube of a bic pen . we now see that there 's a guy with she and calvert go through a door to the hallway of the first floor of the building . calvert continue down the hallway and we see the door of different apartment leave open . the sound of t.v. 's squawk and baby cry accompany the toy and kid that litter the thin hall . calvert get to the other end of the hall and go in to the stairwell . calvert step over a sleep body and again venture outside . calvert again fix on the entrance to the orange building that be now only 20 yard away . he take one more hit from he inhaler and sprint as best he can to the step of the orange building . calvert burst through the door of the orange building and immediately bound up the stair . he turn the corner and three young men be stand around a small radio listen to hip - hop music and share a 40 ounce malt liquor . calvert pass they with he head down and the boy do not even acknowledge he . calvert use the key hang by a shoestre around he neck to open apartment 207 . ext . chicago civic CENTER - day ticky and conor be scalping ticket in what appear to be a dead market . other scalper laze about and compete for the same sale . ticky and conor be mid - conversation . conor what ? ticky nothing . conor fuck you . ticky I just can not believe you be go to some school in the project to beg some old nun for ball player ? a heavy set man in a blackhawks jacket approach they . the heavy heavy set man I need three in the blue for 50 . conor ( to the man ) fuck you 85 , ( to ticky ) I get no choice Jimmy 's payin ' my juice with duffy , if I do not field a team the league drop we , I do not get my money . set man re-approach . heavy set man I get 65 take it or leave it . ticky you take it , and shove it up you ass - conor yeah , 85 you fat fucker . ( to ticky ) this kid be scary , they all live in cabrini , they get gang , I gotta get out . ticky yeah , you gotta get out , cabrini 's a shithole that kid be killer . they will kill ya , maybe not today but - conor could you tap you mom for a coupla buck ' till I can - ticky Mom 's not havin ' it , she cut I off . heavy set man make a last effort . heavy set man c'mon guy it 's my kid 's birthday , 70 for the three in the blue . conor would you kiss my ass already ? can not you see we be tryin ' to figure something ' out here ? I feel like smackin ' you in the head , I do . ticky gimme 75 . the heavy set man dig deep , obviously go over he budget . heavy set man Jesus , I hear that baby bop be not even in this show . conor why do not you not worry about baby bop . ticky peel off the three ticket from a efficiently arrange wad . conor ( cont would ) I will give you a baby bop in the head . the heavy set man scamper away , he illegal transaction complete . conor reflect to ticky . conor ( cont would ) what 's baby bop ? ticky well barney 's the big dinosaur right ? conor yeah . ticky and conor start walk towards the Civic Center , we begin pull back to a wide shot . ticky well baby bop be like this fuckin ' uh , what d'ya call it ... baby purple dinosaur . conor no shit , dinosaur on ice . ticky and they skate around with that broad from the Olympic with the horsey face ? as we go wider we see the marquee for the Civic Center . it read , " barney and Friends on Ice " . int . train - day the train thin as it continue south to cabrini . we watch conor who try not to make eye contact with the other passenger who all appear to be go nowhere in particular . ext . the " EL " platform cabrini station - day conor exit the train and light a cigarette . he go down the step of the platform . he look out of place . ext . immaculate conception elementary school - day conor take a moment to bolster he courage . he take in the sight and sound of the playground that be overrun with boy and girl scream with after school energy . he head inside . int . school administration office - day conor stand awkwardly in the doorway of the office wait to be notice . finally a older woman wear a large sweater and a large cross address he from behind a desk . sister molina can I help you ? conor I be conor o'neill . sister molina I be sister molina . conor I be here to see sister wilk ? I call earlier . sister molina pause before share a huge grin . sister molina sister wilk , of course , sister wilk have the last room on this hall to the leave . conor pause to take in the cheshire cat 's grin that sister molina can not help . conor leave the Office . int . elemtary school hallway - day conor slowly walk the ball prepare for he encounter with sister wilk . he get to the last door , it 's close but a stencile sign read " wilk " . conor breathes , then knock . voice ( 0.s. ) yes ? conor speak to the door . conor sister wilk , I be conor o'neill I want to talk to you about ... suddenly the door be thrust open . due to fire code the classroom door open out and conor get whacked in the head as he stumble to get out of the way . a attractive young woman stand in the doorway look at conor who be collect he wit and he cub hat from the floor . conor ( cont would ) it 's okay , it 's just my head . elizabeth who be you look for ? conor sister wilk . elizabeth I be miss wilk . conor be confuse and tread lightly . conor do you teach here ? elizabeth yes . conor I be expect a older woman . conor hunch over slightly mimick the kid impression of miss wilk . elizabeth do not smile . elizabeth I be not a nun . conor thank God ... I mean that 's great ... or not . elizabeth well ? conor pull a crumpled piece of paper from he pocket and read conor be tirakian Evans and raymont bennett in you class ? she correct he grammar . elizabeth elizabeth be they in my class ? yes they be in my class . conor I need they to play baseball for the kikuyus little league team . elizabeth you should take that up with they mother . conor but the kid tell I - elizabeth yes , both mother agree that the boy need to read one book before play baseball this spring . conor hey , I get no problem with that . reading 's real good ... for kid . study conor be casual outfit . elizabeth you work for Morgan stanley ? conor ( defiantly lie ) yes. elizabeth fight off a smile . she know he 's lie but there 's something noble and charming about he style . elizabeth what deal do you blow ? conor what ? elizabeth I be sure you be not coach this team by choice . conor ( more lie ) my associate James Devlin be in New York for three week so I volunteer to help out . ( even bigger lie ) I would have love to coach this team . I be away on business in ... Canada the day ... Mr. Morgan and ... Mr. stanley choose the coach . elizabeth ( go along with it ) Canada ? be it nice ? conor ( struggle ) Lovely , I be in the ... umh ... business part ... the whole time though . elizabeth well it 's great you teach they baseball but unfortunate that no one spend time help they to read . she begin to shut the door . conor jump in . conor listen , I be conor . he wait for she reply , finally she give in . elizabeth Elizabeth . conor I be only help out with the team for two week but I be willing to get together with you and help with the boy . why do not we exchange number and - elizabeth better yet , I will give you the book the boy be suppose to read and you can read they and talk to tirakian and raymont about they report . conor have no choice but to withstand the challenge . conor God , that would be ... great . good idea . elizabeth hand he a couple of tatter paperback . conor smile as elizabeth close the door . what a tangle web he 's woven . int . duffy' bar - night the usual Wednesday night crowd inhabit duffy 's . a college basketball game hold the attention of the barfly and the bartender we remember from the open scene . ticky sit at a stool near a familiar window that 's board up . conor enter and slam the paperback on the bar . conor ( to the bartender ) gimme a bat and a ball . ticky conor o'neill , coach of the crack baby . conor fuck you . ticky do you realize that that 's all you ever say to I , " fuck you " . hey conor , " fuck you " . wanna go to the game ? " fuck you " . hey conor fuck you , " fuck you " . the bartender stare he down . bartender o'neill , duffy 's here . tell I you get he money . conor listen " no neck " , what 's you name again ? bartender Peter . conor good Peter , " fuck you " , go get duffy . the bartender glare at conor before go into the back room . conor turn to ticky . conor ( cont would ) I can not coach that team , I gotta get out . I be serious , I be bailin ' out . ticky how do it go with the nun ? do you tell they " fuck you ? " conor remember elizabeth . conor God , she be beautiful . ticky you pick up a nun ? conor ticky ... " fuck you " . ticky you still want you be half of the blackhawks seat I get ? conor ( remember ) yeah , where be they ? ticky I be gettin ' them tomorrow . conor bring them to the little league field on carson tomorrow before five . ticky the field in cabrini ? conor grab ticky 's shoulder . conor do not screw I ticky , I be not in the mood right now . I need that money . ticky I will be there at 5 . duffy carry a bat as he approach conor . conor grab the paperback as he stand . conor ( cont would ) easy slugger , alright , relax . duffy you get some cabbage for I ? conor can we talk outside ? without the bat ? duffy study conor 's face which appear genuine . he hand the bat to the bartender and follow conor outside . ext . duffy' bar - night conor and duffy stand on the sidewalk . conor shuffles he foot , he head be down as he begin ... conor duffy , you know my dad ... and I would not be callin ' ina favor if I be not completely rack . duffy you smashed up my bar . conor you know that I will pay it all back , I just need time . duffy it be not my money . I can not carry you this time . it 's six grand of somebody else 's money . somebody who do not know you father and do not give a fuck about you or I , nothing . conor I will help run the book , take bet , I will bring in business . duffy get quiet , he 's completely back down . a beat then ... duffy Nah , it 's no good . listen , I give be you name ' cause I could not carry it . conor ( laugh ) what ? some goombah gonna come break my thumb ? duffy 's quiet , shake he head . conor get scared . conor ( cont would ) duffy , I be desperate , I be coach a little league team in the project for a guy who 's payin ' I 500 a week ... but I be payin ' the barber off , what should I do ? should I tell the barber " fuck off " ? should I start payin ' you 250 every week ? duffy look at conor . duffy keep payin ' the barber , and do not come around here unless you get the money . duffy walk back into the bar . conor look to the sky for help . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day alonzo catch for conor who 's halfheartedly hit infield practice . conor be agitate as he attempt the appearance of hold a practice . he continually check he watch and scour the landscape for ticky . no sign of ticky , but a serious look black woman accompany three young black boy . alonzo yo coach , when we gonna hit ? conor like the idea of not have to hit ground ball . conor ( call out to Louis ) what 's you name again ? alonzo that 's Louis . conor Louis , pitch bat practice . conor walk to the bleacher as louis grab a few tatter ball and storm the mound . alonzo run to the equipment and return with he beat up blue softball bat . alonzo you bustas betta back the hell up , ima pound this shit to the gate . alonzo do a practice swing " ritual " that rival the flashiest in Major League Baseball . louis throw a soft floater that alonzo whiff at . the team start busting on alonzo with a chorus of , " shit the wind just pick up " and " yo you feel that breeze ? " ext . bleacher - day conor talk with the woman and the boy . pearla evan I be pearla Evans and this one 's tirakian . she place she hand a the tallest boy 's head . pearla evan ( cont would ) this be my youngest , jarius - the small boy pipe up . g-baby evy body call I G - baby , so - with a raise of she hand g- baby cease talk , pearla be live up to she stern reputation . pearla continue ... pearla evan this be my sister 's boy raymont and I speak to miss wilk at the school and she say you agree to help this boy with they assignment so they could play ball . conor oh ... yeah ... well that be before I have this business trip to - pearla evan miss wilk say she have a good feel about you so I figure I would give it a try . conor smile at the news . conor miss wilk say that ? pearla evan no , actually she say she have a good feel about they all play ball but I be tell you now mr...? conor conor o'neill . pearla evan o'neill , you do not help this boy and they do not do this work . Hell will be pay with you ass . the boy begin to giggle and with a look pearla evan silence they . pearla evan ( cont would ) I trust I can reach you at Morgan stanley to plana tutoring session ? conor uh ... yes , of course anytime . pearla evan good , go on boy . the boy join they friend on the field as pearla leave . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - later that day conor blow into he hand as he sit on the bleacher watch the debacle that bat practice have become . he check he watch -- its 6:15 and no sign of ticky . conor ( sotto ) c'mon ticky you be killin ' I . calvert come wheeze up to conor . calvert coach conor , we usually quit at 5:30 and my mama need I home we eat around six thirty - conor cut he off short . conor calvin , we will be do soon , I will let you know . calvert I be calvert , calvert jefferson tibbs . calvert walk away defeat . the field maurice bat as a labor louis still pitch . g- baby and another boy be sit near second base play with the dirt . alonzo call from the outfield . alonzo c'mon maurice , whack that shit to the gate ! louis be exhaust as he wind up and throw a pitch that hit maurice in the thigh . maurice drop the bat and rush the mound . he begin posture with louis . maurice whassup mothafucka ? huh ? Roll up bitch . Roll up ! the kid crowd the mound want a fight . no unity , just thirsty for blood . g- baby c'mon Louis you bitch , throw down . alonzo yo maurice drop he ass like a bad habit . conor have get there in time to realize that they would probably posture for a few day before they would actually throw a punch . conor alright , that 's it . it 's 6:30 . practice Saturday 1:00 . the boy react to the time with alarm as they scramble to form allegiance for the walk home . calvert run to catch up with conor . he look scared . calvert coach conor can I walk with you ? conor no , umh ... I be not goin ' that way , sorry . calvert 's eye be wide in disappointed fear as he rush off to collect he stuff . conor realize that the boy be already pack into small group and scurrying across the park in different direction . calvert struggle with he heavy knapsack . candy spill out as he try to hoist it onto he shoulder he panic as he collect the candy , try to catch up with someone to walk home with . ticky pull up in a 1984 buick regal and conor rush towards he . we can hear conor yell about how late ticky be , but we stay with ... calvert lift the knapsack and he can not get it on to he shoulder . calvert half carry and half drag it along the ground as he head towards the ever darken street around the park . ext . chicago street - night the night have fall like rain on calvert who still struggle with he fear and he back pack . he 's alone as he walk slowly towards the light of the cabrini project . another STREET - same night alonzo walk with tiki and g- baby as they cautiously take a circuitous route to cabrini . alonzo y'all 's cool wit I , I know ka-rah-tay . tiki you mean karate and all that ? alonzo it 's pronounce kah-rah-tay . tiki you know that judo and shit ? alonzo Hell yes . g- baby bullshit mothafucka , I could kick you monkey ass . alonzo stop walk for a second and tiki and g- baby continue two step before stop to look back . alonzo I be gonna forget you say that . alonzo bury the insult in the interest of get home . another STREET - same night calvert have literally come to a crossroad as he stare down a dim street . he look the other way and see a older man in a long coat who wobble as he walk . calvert can not decide which way to go , the man look harmless enough . he begin down that street . calvert get a uneasy feel . acting on instinct , he quickly turn around and head the other way . he cut through the playground of a nursery school . the knapsack be feel lighter as he can see the street lamp of 26th and cabrini about 40 yard away . he begin to walk casually and he breathe have subside . suddenly he 's knock to the ground and two young kide be on he immediately . the kide try to pull calvert 's knap sack away but calvert get tangle in the strap when he fall . calvert take it ! just take it ! calvert be try to free himself from the bag as the two kide continue to wrestle with it . one of the kide whacks calvert in the head and he go down flat . the other kid start kick calvert in a attempt to make he roll over . in a defensive reflex , calvert assume the fetal position . as he curl up the knap sack come free and one of the kide take off with it . the other kid kick calvert who have begin to hyperventilate cause a asthma attack . the strange bark noise come from calvert 's strain lung upset the remain kid . the kid level one last kick to calvert 's head before take off . calvert fall slowly to he back and he breathe calm as he lose consciousness . int . hospital - day calvert 's mother lenora tibbs , a large woman in black tight , be talk to elizabeth in the hall outside calvert 's room . conor catch they mid-conversation . lenora tibbs girl you can bet my big black butt ima ' call the league and raise hell , but I got to have a cigarette . conor approach elizabeth . conor be he okay ? elizabeth why do you keep they so late ?! lenora tibbs jump in . lenora tibbs who be you ? conor I be the coach , conor o'neill . lenora tibbs I should beat you butt , I call you at Morgan stanley and at first some little girl do not even know who you be ! then some man name Devlin get on the phone and tell I you be outta the office today . you in lenora 's dog house now ! conor please take my home number . conor scramble for a piece of paper and a pen . conor ( cont would ) always call my house , do not bother with Morgan stanley they never know where I be . lenora study conor with a suspicious eye as she accept the number . lenora tibbs Boy , ima ' have a cigarette then we gonna talk . you can not have they boy down there after dark . thank Jesus for calvert 's strength . but I should still beat you butt . that smell ? that might be a lawsuit . lenora go for a smoke and elizabeth turn to conor . elizabeth you really blow it . conor I be sorry , can you help I here ? a nurse come out of calvert 's room . nurse you guy should go in there , he 's wonder where everyone go ? conor and elizabeth go in to calvert 's room . int . calvert hospital room - day calvert sit upright with a oxygen tube run into he nose . he have a fat lip and a scrape on he forehead , but all thing consider he seem okay . conor calvert , I be sorry , I should have call practice as soon as it get dark . calvert do not look at conor . conor ( cont would ) I just come by because ... as soon as you be ready , we expect you back . no response . conor ( cont would ) and I need to know what number uniform you want ? calvert you be never gonna stay be we coach . conor try to dodge the truth . conor at least till coach Jimmy come back from New York . leenora rush in . lenora tibbs so how 's my baby doin ' ? conor start to slip out . lenora tibbs ( cont would ) where you goin ' ? calvert 52 coach . they all look to calvert who fix on conor . calvert ( cont would ) I want number 52 , like sosa . conor wave to calvert who just save he hide . conor leave . ext . baseball field - day conor show up a few minute late as the player be already try to kill each other . alonzo and tiki be square off . alonzo pay up bitch . tiki kiss my ass mothakucka ! conor jump between the player and amidst the grow mob that again just want to see blood . conor cool it . conor shove alonzo away from tiki . conor ( cont would ) what 's goin ' on ? g- baby step into the middle to explain . g-baby alright , lemme break it down right quick . lonzo say he could catch any high pop anybody could throw . tiki say " bullshit you a busta " . lonzo say , " roll up bitch " . tiki say " I will give you all my gum if you can catch this ball . " he throw it , lonzo catch it . lonzo say , " pay I motha fucka " , tiki say , " you a cheatin ' bitch " , no wait , tiki say , " you a mocha fuckin ' cheatin ass bitch " . then lonzo say - conor I get it , okay . I want everybody to take a position , infield , outfield , let 's go . the player argue they way to they position . infield - day conor hit a grounder that go through freddy 's leg , tiki lead the team in teasing he . conor hit a fly ball that louis charge in for only to watch it sail over he head . again tiki volley insult at he and the team join in . conor hit a hard line drive right at tiki that he jump out of the way of . the team be silent . conor stop . conor what happen ? the team be silent . conor ( cont would ) tiki just jump out of the way like a baby , why 's everyone so quiet about it ? more silence . conor ( cont would ) what 's up tiki , you scared of the ball ? tiki glare at conor but say nothing . conor ( cont would ) New rule , no one can say anything bad to anyone else on the field . get it ? silence suggest acceptance as conor continue with infield practice . the practice be silent as player do a bit better without the fear of ridicule from they teammate . conor stop again . conor ( cont would ) what ? if you can not talk shit you get nothing to say ? New rule you can only say good thing to each other on the field . conor continue infield and the player remain silent . conor ( cont would ) let I hear some positive chatter . conor hit a ground ball to ray - ray who scoops it up and toss it to alonzo who 's catch for conor . we hear a faint chorus of " Nice play Ray - Ray " and " Way to go Ray " ... conor ( cont would ) that 's it guy , little louder . we watch as the cheer get louder and more comfortable as it , appear that the player only need a excuse to be supportive of each other . louis get bop on the head and everyone be silent before alonzo offer ... alonzo Way to use you head Louis , alright . practice lighten up as the player continue to laugh and cheer each other on . we see the seed of a team . dugout - later conor speak to the team after practice . conor alright , so you all have probably hear what happen to calvert . alonzo fat ass get beat down . ray - ray he get jack up yo , this four gd 's have he pin and one be gonna smoke he ... ray-ray act out he story use freddy as calvert . ray-ray ( cont would ) he put the tech nine to he head and he pull the trigger and ... click it jamme . tiki jump in with he version . tiki bullshit yo , all six of ‘em have glock and they take turn beatin ' black down with they gun , like " bap ! bap! bap ! " . maurice yeah , my cousin see ‘em , all he tooth knock out and one eye be hangin ' out all like ... ahhhhh ! maurice parade down the dugout like a toothless freak with a eye hang out . conor okay , listen he 's gonna be fine , but it be my fault and I be sorry . I gotta make sure we be outta here before dark . we be gonna work out a carpool to take people home . conor start to hand out packet to each player . the kid start tear through the page look for the schedule . tiki we play the man dick first ? what kinda name be the man dick ? conor it 's mandike , every team in the league be name after a tribe in Africa . maurice April 24th , winner group a play winner group B in the ... championship . g-baby yo mothafucka we goin ' to the ship . alonzo and maurice exchange hand slap , that start a chant of " we goin ' to the ship ' . conor can not help but smile at they spirit . ext . civic CENTER - night ticky be scalping ticket for a blackhawks game . a purple 1996 buick roadmaster stationwagon , complete with wood panele , drive up to the curb . conor get out . ticky Nice wheel soccer mom . conor fuck you . ticky really what 's with the wagon ? conor the suit at Morgan stanley take shit for one of the kid gettin ' beat up on he way home so they leat I this car to care ‘em home . ticky who get beat up ? two straight lace teenager be nervously wait for ticky 's attention . conor calvert jefferson tibbs . ticky oh , that 's the fat kid right ? conor yeah , the fat kid . how would you know ? ticky you have tell I about every kid on the team . well , that 's shitty , I hate when people fuck with kid . with that ticky finally address the two kid nearby . ticky ( cont would ) how can I help you fella ? straight lace kid # 1 mister you just sell we ticket to last night 's game . like a reflex , ticky grab inside he vest as if fora gun . he accompany this move with a scary verbal assault . ticky get outta here ! don't make I shoot you ! when a man need crack a man need crack ! the straight lace kide immediately bolt in fear . conor shake he head at ticky . conor you be unbelievable . how we doin ' today ? ticky we ?... we be not doin ' so good . San Jose 's not such a hot ticket . conor do the bull cover last night ? ticky yup , they win by 9 . conor shit , I could not get any action . I need to find someone who will take a big bet . ticky fink 's minimum bet be two grand . conor the guy in the firehouse ? ticky yeah fink the guy above the firehouse , why ? conor I hate this life ticky , I gotta get out . I just need to be right once , y'know ? one big bet to get I even , get I out . ticky you want out ? conor out . no more fuckin ' booky , no more coachin ' this bullshit team for Jimmy . I do not have the stomach for this life anymore . ticky you be down like 11 grand . conor I wanna lay 12 ge . ticky 12 grand ? on what ? conor bull have never lose at home to Miami . ticky stop scan for sale to look conor in the eye . ticky you be serious about this . conor they play Miami on the 26th . ticky you should not do this . conor I do not have a choice . take I to meet fink . ticky look at conor and then stare blankly into the pre-game hockey crowd . ticky okay , I will take you to see fink . conor und ticky exchange quiet head nod , already feel the tension of the twelve thousand dollar bet . montage of conor' routine the Rolling Stones , " heartbreaker " help to narrate conor 's weekly routine . we see conor pull clothes off the floor and onto he body . he stumble out of he apartment building , affixing dark shade as the light of day hurt we evening dweller . conor leave he shade on inside the Morgan stanley building as he collect he check from the cute receptionist . conor lunge at she just to scare she , she jump about ten foot . he laugh as he go on with he day . conor stand in line at a check cash store ina strip mall . he appear at home with other customer who no longer maintain legitimate bank account . he cashes he check . conor stroll into the barber shop and the collection of man stand and surround he . conor pull out a envelope and present it to the barber' son and everyone relax . conor 's not the most welcome person at the shop but they be happy to see some money . conor stand outside a pizza window count the loose change and few single dollar he 's get . he busy one slice and a single beer with not much money to spare . the Rolling Stones continue to serenade conor as he end up back in he tiny apartment eat the day 's only meal . int . immaculate conception elementary school - day elizabeth have begin the day 's lesson . we see that tiki , ray - ray , calvert and alonzo be all in she class . calvert be stand by he chair read a essay about he experience . calvert four Spanish man with hike boot have surround I close . I could tell they be " bandito " because they have taco breath and they call I " hombre " . I spun around to hit the biggest one . I punch he in the gut and as he be fall he grab my backpack . I say , " stop , you bandito I do not want to have to hit anyone else . " but because they be Spanish they do not understand I . two more jump I and I kick one of they in he ... ( embarrassed to read " nut " ) ... in the ... ( improvise ) ... between he leg . he go down but two more keep comin' . and I be madder . Real madder , real real mad , and the madder I get the stronger I get . so I tie up in a hand lock with a bandito just like when " Stone cold Steve Austin " on Monday nitro of the World wrestle federation tie up with some busta that you know he 's gonna beat down . my mouth bang on he head and that be where I get my fat lip . ( calvert smile before ... ) the end . alonzo where would you get yo fat butt ? the class giggle until elizabeth scold alonzo . elizabeth alonzo , enough . ( praise calvert ) very Nice calvert , excellent use of first person narrative . you be story be very descriptive , I feel scared of the bandito . elizabeth be look at calvert 's essay as she continue . elizabeth ( cont would ) do anyone remember what we call the device calvert use when he compare ... elizabeth realize the kid be all look at the open door . she look to find ... conor stand in the doorway with a large gray wool suit jacket and white polo shirt with a tie . he also wear gray dress pants that do not match he jacket and be short enough to show off he white tube sock and deck shoe . a old plastic and chrome brief case round out he attempt to appear as if he just come from the office . conor miss wilk . elizabeth Mr. o'neill . Fresh from the office ? the kid giggle at conor 's appearance . ray - ray pipe up . ray - ray yo coach wassup with they pants ? expecting a flood ? conor I think today be the day tiki and Ray - Ray be go to talk about a " wrinkle in time " and I come down to help out . elizabeth smile , admire the effort . elizabeth that 's correct . everyone this be Mr. o'neill who coaches a baseball team that some of we young man play on and he have take time out of he busy day to help out . conor a wrinkle in time be a important book and I like it very much . conor place he briefcase on a small desk and open it upside down cause the content to spill out . the only thing in the briefcase be a copy of Sports illustrate , cigarettes , a brush , " a wrinkle in time " and some chew gum . the kid laugh and elizabeth smile as conor scramble for damage control . int . CLASS room - later the kid seem to be relatively interested in the discussion as ray - ray hold forth in opposition to a point . ray - ray I be just sayin ' it be not like that . fantasy be not reality . I like to read stuff that 's real . elizabeth give I a example . ray - ray Michael Jordan 's book . elizabeth that be a biography , that 's the real story of he life . this be fiction , the story be make up , it 's mean to entertain you , to make you think . ray -ray nod he head in understanding . elizabeth turn to tiki . elizabeth ( cont would ) tirakian you have be silent the whole time . all you will say be you do not like it . tiki that 's right . elizabeth if you can not say more than that I be gonna have to assume you still have not read it and you mom will want I to call she . conor share a uncomfortable look with elizabeth . we focus now on tiki who look nervous . elizabeth ( cont would ) do you read this book ? tiki yes . elizabeth tell I something about it . tiki it be booty . a small laugh from the class attempt to break the tension . elizabeth okay , I will talk to you mom tonight . elizabeth start towards she desk , tiki pipe up . tiki that girl meg be dumb . elizabeth turn to he . tiki ( cont would ) Cause she think she dad comin ' back from wherever . and I think that 's a stupid thing to believe in . that girl and she mom both trippin ' cause where I be from ... be not nobody 's father come back . it be silent as tiki 's truthful interpretation be understand . ext . baseball field - day we can see the oppose team warming up on the field that have be freshly line with chalk and slightly groom for the first game . the mandike be wear black and yellow uniform that be complete with stirrup sock and match undershirt . jimmy drive up in he BMW and jump out , leave the car run . he grab a tatter cardboard box from the back seat and hustle towards the kikuyus dugout . kikuyus dugout jimmy hand conor a box and a envelope . jimmy here you go buddy , the uniform and next week 's check . good luck today . conor I take it you not stayin' . jimmy can not , sorry next time . jimmy scamper back to he car conor thanks , thanks for give back to the community !... dickhead . conor stand at the mouth of the dugout hold a tatter cardboard box . he reach in and begin to hand old blue tee shirt and hat to the player . they react to the wear , cheaply print shirt that read " Morgan stanley kikuyus " . alonzo I want number 7 . conor just take a shirt that fit and pass they down . g- baby hold a shirt to he face . g-baby this shirt smell like my grandma . calvert join the team in the dig out . conor good to see you calvert , who 's get number 12 . maurice fire it at conor who hand it to calvert . conor ( cont would ) calvert this be the biggest shirt , everybody , they go up in size from 1 to 12 . 1 to 4 be small 5 to 8 be medium , 6 to 9 be large so on . maurice yo I need a shirt . conor who 's get number 11 ? g-baby I get it . conor give it to maurice . g-baby but where 's my shirt ? conor do a quick count to realize that there be 13 player , he already know there be only 12 shirt . conor G - baby c'mere I wanna talk to you . everybody play catch in the outfield . the player bound out to the field pair up for catch . g-baby mope over to conor who bend down to talk to he . conor ( cont would ) how old be you ? g-baby I will be nine in October . conor you be suppose to be nine before August to play in the league . g- baby , who 's always tough , begin to cry . conor ( cont would ) but there 's only 12 uniform and 13 player so , I gotta give the guy who be old enough first pick . g- baby nod he head , try to compose himself as tear stream down he face . g-baby but I be on the team right ? conor Hell yes mothafucka . g-baby smile at conor 's intentionally funny use of " mothafucka " . g- baby try to rebound quickly by grab he glove and run towards the outfield . conor watch he go and then look up to see pearla evan stare at he from the bleacher . conor stare back . int . dugout - minute later conor read the line - up off the back of a tear piece of a cigarette carton - conor Ray - Ray you be up first and play shortstop , alonzo you bat second and you be gonna start as pitcher , freddy third base - alonzo spring up . alonzo I tell you I be the best player on the team . tiki we gonna get bitch slap with you pitchin ' they cream puff over the plate . alonzo you wanna set it off right here ? alonzo step to tiki who stand up prove he size advantage over alonzo 's big mouth . tiki nigga please , I beg you , go for yours . tiki begin shove alonzo back with he chest . the rest of the kikuyus start goad both boy in a attempt to incite a fight . a lack of unity prevail as conor pull they apart . conor save it for the game , let 's go . Ray - ray' up , alonzo 's on deck . alonzo walk to the on-deck circle stare at tiki , refuse to back down . field the oppose mandike move the ball smoothly around the infield , warming up . conor look to see about 8 parent in the bleacher behind the mandike bench . conor turn to the kikuyus side to see pearla evan on the top bench of the bleacher and two teenage girl share a cigarette oblivious to the game . first pitch be a smoking fastball right down the plate , ray - ray jump out of the batter 's box . the umpire holler , " Strike one ! " , and thing get worse from there . montage of the mandike slaughter of the kikuyus ray-ray , alonzo and freddy all strike out on three pitch . alonzo walk the basis load and then start find the plate only to see the mandike nail the ball through the infield and over the head of the outfielder . conor shuffles nervously , check he watch , he be embarrassed by he team 's obvious lack of practice . a mandike player hit a scream ground ball to third that freddy make a miraculously lucky play on . freddy immediately throw the ball back to alonzo on the pitcher 's mound as if he be in bat practice . alonzo throw the ball over calvert 's head and into right field and the circus of error and fight begin . baseball game - later tiki bat with a determine face , the pitch , he swing and hit a long shot into right field . he admire it before run to first . tiki run straight at first base and stop to look for the ball . when tiki realize that the outfielder be run after it he head for second . conor go tiki ! keep goin ! tiki make it home well before the ball be retrieve and the kikuyus score they first run . conor give he a hand slap and a few other player offer halfheart shake as well . it 's obvious this team be still more interested in individual performance . later a small mandike player be call out on strike and the kikuyus shuffle in to bat for the top of the sixth . the mandike coach approach conor . mandike coach I guess that 's it , I mean the league say we be not suppose to start a inning after 6:30 . conor really ? mandike coach well yeah it 's 6:37 and we be up 16 to 1 so ... conor that 's cool , thanks . kikuyus bench the finger point be rampant as the disappointed temper of the kikuyus be flaring . ray - ray freddy do not even know where to throw the ball . alonzo shut up Ray - Ray , least he run after it when it go by , shit go through you leg like 5 time . tiki lonzo you a little bitch , least you throw like one . alonzo grab tiki 's hat off he head and throw it in he face . tiki shove alonzo against the fence . the team cheer for blood as alonzo jump at tiki and they tie up in headlock and begin the mean choreography of a twelve year old fight for pride . conor return to see the melee and immediately tear tiki off of alonzo who be beginning to lose the fight . tiki stand and step away from conor and the team . tiki ( cont would ) fuck all y'all , you suck . conor tiki you close to bein ' do . tiki Nah , fuck you , I be do . I be out , this team suck . tiki throw he hat at alonzo as a parting gesture before walk away . conor spy the face of the defeat team and ina weak moment attempt to swing morale . conor anybody hungry ? how ' bout pizza ? the team be interested but need the magic phrase . conor ( cont would ) I be payin ' . the boy erupt with " hell yeah 's " , g- baby announce ... g- baby I be down with that shit mothafucka . int . pizza parlor - day the kikuyus have overtaken two booth near the back of the store . alonzo continue to roust freddy for he mistake and we still see a great deal of finger point and name call . alonzo if this be a team with try - out , I maurice and tiki would be the only one would make it . ray - ray dat 's bullshit , I would make it , I be not no busta . alonzo you be not get skill like reese and I , we best on the team . alonzo exchange a hand slap with maurice , who 's quiet as usual . g-baby and that black and yellow team just beat we ass . you the best on a team that suck . that be not shit . alonzo level a look at G - baby that 's mean to intimidate . g- baby return it , never one to back down . pizza counter conor look nervously at the cash register and the grow number of soda be place on a tray . pizza guy Three large pie , nine soda , 44.65 . conor recount the 18 dollar in he hand , he pull some ticket out of he bill fold . the black the other expense . conor you like hockey ? blackhawks fan ? pizza guy stare at conor . pizza guy sure , I take the wife and kid to the negro hockey Hall of Fame every year . black pizza guy have a laugh at conor 's conor what ? pizza guy how many black hawk be there ? should not they be call the white hawk ? other pizza guy yeah , we just worry bout all the brother playin ' hockey , cause God forbid the ice melt you know niggas can not swim . the two pizza guy have successfully crack themselves up and leave conor feel like a ass who still only have 18 dollar to pay for a 44 dollar tab . the pizza ticket . conor I will give you two loge seat for the bull -maverick on Sunday . guy compose himself and examine the pizza guy for the pizza ? conor ( defeat ) yeah . pizza guy done deal . conor struggle with the soda tray as the other pizza guy make a last jab . other pizza guy I will throw on pepperoni for two more seat for we girl . pizza shop - later the kid be quieter now that they be stuff with pizza and soda . ray - ray if I get a homerun next game , you gotta buy I pizza again . g-baby Nah , every run I score I get one slice . conor seem preoccupy as he stare out the window . alonzo you bustas trippin ' only I gettin ' pizza every game . MVP , most valuable pizza eater . freddy speak , a country never hear from . freddy I should be pitcher . conor turn to the rarely hear voice . conor you wanna pitch freddy ? freddy yes sir . conor smile at the only respect he 's be pay in year . conor you can pitch on Wednesday . freddy smile as he put he headphone on . maurice weigh in . maurice coach , do we have any chance of gettin ' trophy this year ? conor pull the roll up paperwork from he pocket , he examine it . conor there be ... 8 team in the league , we play everyone twice and then it look like ... yeah , the top four team make the playoff . yeah , we gotta win more game then we lose . maurice then we could go to the " ship ? conor we could . ray - ray we goin ' to the ship ! we goin ' to the ship ! ray -ray get up and create a dance move to go with he chant , the other kikuyus join he . conor smile at they youthful optimism as he think of he own sink ship . ext . cabrini GREEN project - night conor 's stationwagon troll along Lafayette Street in front of the familiar quad of building that most of he player live in . int . stationwagon - night Inside the wagon we see a exhaust conor sit with he lone passenger alonzo . conor all right lonzo , this be it right ? alonzo stare at he building which be in the center of the quad , 150 yard away . with he hand on the door handle , alonzo watch the midweek night life of cabrini and turn to conor - alonzo do not you wanna see my house ? conor sense alonzo 's fear and comply by turn the car off and get out . ext . cabrini GREEN project - night conor feel a strange fear of exposure walk on the vast concrete lawn towards alonzo 's building which now appear to be get farther away . a strange noise be follow by laughter as they occasionally pass the ghost - like face of a evening dweller . guy drink out of bag and a girl in she 20' stroll by appear lose as she carry a pair of plastic white pump . conor and alonzo finally reach the entrance to the building . int . cabrini project build - night conor squint from the shocking contrast from the black night to the blind yellow of the cheap buzzing halogen tube that light the thin hallway . conor be a step behind alonzo who move by instinct over the toy and around the shopping cart that clutter the hall . the paper thin carpet do not muffle the sound of the tv 's that baby - sit the kid in each apartment . conor 's curiosity have he peer into each open apartment as he make he way down the hall . he notice something similar in each apartment . he stop . alonzo eventually look back . alonzo what ? conor everyone be sittin ' on the floor . alonzo you stay below the window . alonzo stand in he open doorway wait to say good - bye . conor what ? alonzo bullet . conor emit a small astonished laugh . conor what d'ya do around here for fun ? alonzo play baseball with you . conor absorb the compliment , alonzo go inside . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day conor nervously count the number of kikuyus who have show up for they second game . conor okay we get exactly nine guy today , everybody play . field the oppose team be the Continental Bank bantus . they wear red and white uniform as they warm up . ray - ray yo coach , I could pitch ? you know I get mad skill right ? conor freddy 's gonna start today . we see freddy intently listen to he walkman and sway to the music . conor offer he the brand new game ball . conor ( cont would ) you ready freddy ? freddy smile as he palm the game ball , still lose in he music . conor lift off the headphone . conor ( cont would ) you want I to hold you walkman . freddy smile and shake he head , " no " . conor shrug . bantu game the bantu pitcher be a tall skinny kid with no control . he immediately walk the first four kikuyus give they they first lead of the season . alonzo poke a grounder over first base and turn it into a " homerun " when the bantu 's make two throw error . maurice follow with a legitimate drive over the leave fielder 's head that allow he to jog around to score . game - later with the score 7-0 kikuyus , freddy take the mound for the first time . freddy 's walkman be clipped to the waistband of he baggy jeans . the headphone be wrap over he hat that 's tightly pull down , almost cover he eye . the bantus laugh at freddy who occasionally dance to the song only he can hear . he be oblivious to the bantus mockery as he set to face the first batter . after a high , fluid leg kick delivery , freddy fire the first pitch down the heart of the plate - strike one . he be magnificent . freddy strike out the side on 11 pitch . conor smile with pride as he exchange a hand slap with the almost embarrassed freddy who quietly take he seat on the bench . bantus game - later freddy continue to amaze as the bantus prove that the only thing they have go for they be that red and white uniform . the kikuyus win it go away , the team be in high spirit as they sing the obligatory " 2 - 4 - 6 - 8 " chant to the humiliate bantus . ext . immaculate conception elementary school - day conor stand by the stationwagon as he sort through the after school throng of kid leave school . alonzo , ray -ray and calvert walk with elizabeth towards the car . conor wave from the curb . the boy wear they kikuyus hat with pride as they fight for the front seat . conor smile at elizabeth . conor we win we last game . elizabeth I hear , 9 to 3 over the bantus . conor be self - conscious about he pride and reel it in . conor yeah , I be just tryin ' to help out until my colleague return from New York . elizabeth that 's great of you to take time out . conor listen , why do not we have dinner tonight ? I mean what good be a expense account if you do not get to pad it once in a while ? elizabeth I can not - it 's a school night . another time . conor after we game on Saturday ? elizabeth Saturday ? conor boy would love to see you there . elizabeth smile at this sweet but obvious manipulation . elizabeth maybe . conor okay . conor return the smile and hop in the wagon as elizabeth walk away . calvert pipe up . calvert coach , you be not really tryin ' to get wit ' miss wilk be you ? conor look at the expectant face . conor no , why ? ray - ray good , cause I already try , and she be not havin ' it . alonzo yeah , I too . she diss I . conor hide he smile , this guy be serious . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day the kikuyus wait to take the infield against the mau maus . we see that the mau maus suffer from the same uniform problem that the kikuyus do . the mau maus wear black hat and black tee shirt that we can tell do not match . some have number and some do not . g-baby look at this bustas , they shirt be a joke . maurice slowly swing a bat . maurice ima ' whack that shit to the gate yo . alonzo Word ' bee , this mothafucka be soft . conor interrupt the major league confidence . conor okay , the mau maus be '' and 2 and have only score three run . ray - ray yo coach , I could pitch ? conor yeah Ray - Ray you pitch , we need to save freddy for Saturday . everybody else know where they be playin' ? the kikuyus start to take the field . conor yell towards the outfield . conor ( cont would ) Louis you be in leave field . ( a beat ) the other leave field . g- baby stand next to conor wait for he attention . g-baby tiki wanna come back . g- baby motion towards the bleacher where we see tiki sit with a hood sweatshirt pull over he head . g-baby ( cont would ) but I need to regotiate he contract . conor what be the term . g-baby tiki want you to tell alonzo that tiki 's the best player , 2 ... only he get pizza after each homerun he hit . 3... if he whacks it out the gate he get a whole pizza to take home . conor look at g- baby and then at tiki . conor when the season 's over we will vote on who 's the best player . he can have the same pizza bonuse as everyone else . if he hit it over the fence I will buy he a pizza . g- baby respond with he best business air . g-baby okay , let I discuss the regotiation with my client . g- baby rush to the bleacher as we cut in to .... mau maus game in progress ray -ray do not throw nearly as hard as freddy but he do manage to throw strike . he work he way out of a basis load jam with a pop up to calvert at first . calvert basket the ball no problem . maurice and alonzo take turn clear the basis with hard hit ground ball that make they way through the outfield . kikuyu dugout - later with the sky darken and the game well in hand conor relax against a dugout pole . tiki approach . tiki wassup , coach . conor tirakian , I speak to you agent . tiki I could come back ? conor if you apologize to the team and you and alonzo work it out . if the team 's alright with it I be alright with it . tiki nod . kikuyus bench the kikuyus again rejoice in " 2 - 4 - 6 - 8 " as the mau maus go down without a fight . conor round the team up after the cheer . conor listen , tiki and I talk and he want to come back . I say it be up to the team , but I wanna take a vote . all in favor ? everyone but alonzo raise he hand . conor ( cont would ) alonzo , tiki be prepare to shake hand with you and move on . be you willing ? tiki appear and stare down alonzo . tiki sorry lonzo . alonzo we win two game with out he . the team jump a alonzo with yell of " c'mon man " , and " tiki 's back " . " cool out lonzo " . alonzo put out he hand and tiki slap it , a truce . ext . local chicago firehouse - night ticky be smoking a cigarette , wait for conor who pull up in the stationwagon . conor get out . ticky it 's ten to 8 , what happen to 7 o'clock ? conor fuck you ticky , I be really not in the mood . ticky why do not you ask my nut what kind a mood they be in out here huh ? it must be forty degree . they head inside the building . int . fink' office - night two guy sit in a old office with three tv 's . fink be a man in he sixty with smooth skin and a shiny bald head wreathe with white hair . ed be a young and taller man . fink ticky , this be Ed . ticky be quick to shake ed 's hand out of respect . ticky this be conor o'neill , he want to meet you . fink nod as he have already size conor up . fink whaddya do for money ? conor I be a trader at Morgan stanley . fink bullshit . first lie . ticky laugh to offset the uneasiness . fink ( cont would ) I do not care what you do for money . I just need to know you be gonna have it when I need it . conor I gotta ' 97 buick out there that 's worth 15 grand . fink pause to reassess . fink you gonna try to beat I one time ? so you can pay off whoever else you owe ? conor I wanna make a big bet . fink how big ? conor 12 grand . fink nod in understanding . fink and ... conor and if I win I wanna get pay , no pressure to keep bettin ' it . fink look at ed . fink this guy 's too serious . conor fuck you . ed get out of he chair , fink slowly rise put a hand in ed 's direction to subdue he . fink I get a handful of client , they lay a hundred grand a weekend . they be not emotional about it . conor I can cover it . fink you seem too emotional about this 12 grand . desperate . conor fuck you fink look at ticky . fink what be it with he and the " fuck you " ? ticky that 's he thing - he always say , " fuck you " . conor ticky , let 's go . fink do not you want you number ? conor you gonna take my bet ? fink Ed , what 's the next number ? ed 27 . fink you be account 27 when you call in and you handle be ....? conor kikuyus . fink what ? kikuyus ? conor kikuyus . fink Ed you get it ? ed kikuyus , yup . ed have logge the information in a tiny ledger . fink kikuyus . you be a strange kid . I be interested to see what happen with you . fink have get up and approach conor . he hand he a business card fink ( cont would ) here 's the business line . fink size he up one more time , he then stare out the window . fink ( cont would ) that wagon have power seat ? fink look to see ticky and conor close the door behind they . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day the kikuyus be cruise to another victory , this time against the pygmies . the pygmies wear nice green and black uniform . the pygmy player appear noticeably bigger than the kikuyus , but they can not catch up to freddy 's fast ball . we watch freddy as he high leg kick be get more fluid and he continue to listen to the walkman attach to he belt occasionally pause to hear the music that focus he . kikuyus bench conor shake he head in awe of freddy 's prowess . he turn to g- baby . conor what do he listen to ? g-baby same song over and over . conor what be it ? g- baby Big poppa by notorious B , I , G. conor stare blankly . conor how do it go . g- baby ( sing ) I love it when you call I big poppa , ( he wave he hand above he head ) Wave you hand in the air if you be a true player . Cause I see some lady tonight that should be havin ' my baby , baby . conor stare at G - baby as if he just recite Arabic . conor look towards the pitcher 's mound . pitcher' mound freddy pause between pitch , listen to the music and do a subtle stretch that allow he to wave he hand in the air just like G - baby have do . kikuyus bench conor nod he head with remote understanding . freddy strike out the side to end the game . the kikuyus crowd which have grow to almost ten , cheer the victory . we see elizabeth clap she support , conor be stop by she presence . she wave to he , he smile . kikuyus bench conor play the role of coach with new zeal . conor we be 6 and 3 , big game on Wednesday . practice tomorrow 3:30 . also , you guy should continue to ask people to come to the game . Home team crowd help . okay , let 's cheer the pygmy . 2,4,6,8 - the kikuyus join conor in the requisite cheer . conor lock eye with elizabeth who smile wide at he . she be take with the sight of he help the kid . after the cheer conor grab freddy . conor ( cont would ) freddy , could I borrow you tape ? freddy pull it out of he bag and hand it to he . freddy coach you could have it , I get two more just in case . conor tousle he hair as he see elizabeth stand next to he . freddy take off to join he friend , elizabeth remain . elizabeth you be really great with they . conor continue to lay it on thick . conor they be great kid , I feel bless . elizabeth momentarily pause , " bless " be push it . elizabeth I want to talk to you , would you like to get a late lunch ? conor decide to push he luck . conor I always take the kid for pizza after the game . just they and I . alonzo overhear this lie and be about to bust he on it . alonzo you always what ?! conor step in front of alonzo and redirect the conversation . conor dinner would be better , there 's a bar that 's get good food on the corner of 6th and elston ... 7:00 ? she can not figure out if she be just scamm or not . elizabeth yeah , okay 6th and elston 7:00 . conor smile as he gently shove alonzo out of the way , prevent he from disclose he scam . conor everyone in the car we be goin ' for pizza like we always do ! the kikuyus turn to conor with surprise as elizabeth smile suspiciously before walk away . finnegan' public house - night finnegan 's be a big step above duffy 's but it 's really just a irish pub that 's be update to a sport bar with waitress and food service . conor stand against a brass railing study one of the 20 tv 's on the wall . the tv be blast out the Detroit piston - New York knick game . elizabeth enter this world for the first time . she take in the bar to realize the only woman in there be waitress with short skirt and low cut tee shirt . Men in business suit with absent tie be drink draft beer and study tv 's with more than a fan 's interest . elizabeth spot conor and approach he . elizabeth conor ? conor seem startle by she appearance as he 's obviously lose in the world of basketball betting . he try to focus . conor hey , uh ... let 's eat . why do not we sit ... conor locate a tiny table in the immediate proximity that retain a bird 's eye view of the game he 's watch . elizabeth quietly accept the strain condition and sit opposite the preoccupy conor . elizabeth so , I want to talk to you . conor yeah , I want to talk to you - ( suddenly to the tv ) that be a foul ! that's bullshit ! elizabeth be put off by conor 's lack of concern for they date , she regret have come . conor return to she . conor ( cont would ) so , do you wanna drink ? elizabeth no . conor what 's wrong ? I come here all the time with the guy I work with . elizabeth really ? conor yeah , that 's a nice - ( again to the tv ) travelling ! travelling ! good call ! good call ! ( back to she ) what be you say ? elizabeth nothing , you be about to tell I exactly what you do . conor sense she hostility and focus to spin he lie . conor foreign trade . elizabeth right , that fast pace canadian market . conor call she on she sarcasm . conor what be you say ? elizabeth I know you do not work at Morgan stanley . conor I be not a regular employee of Mr. - elizabeth please ! from the minute I laid eye on you I know you do not work there and I do not care , I be here because - conor can not help but check the tv . he react toa score ... conor knick by 4 , 2 minute to go ! elizabeth get up and walk out of the bar . conor finish check he score before turn back to see she leave . ext . finnegan public house - night conor rush out , beer in hand , to catch elizabeth . conor hey ! come back here . elizabeth stop and face conor . conor vent he life 's frustration with the people who judge he . conor why would you come here ? to bust I in the lie about where I work ? you win . elizabeth I come to talk to you ? conor bullshit . elizabeth what do you know ? conor I know that I do not have a job and that I scalp ticket for money with a guy name ticky who still life with he mother . elizabeth you coach kid that I teach so we have a common interest . conor angrily light a cigarette . conor I get pay under the table to coach that team . and I only do that cause I be in a big hole with two booky who be lookin ' to kill I . conor study she unflinch face . conor what ? elizabeth nothing . conor you know all this ? elizabeth I speak to Jimmy Devlin after calvert get beat up , he tell I - conor you just think I be a joke . elizabeth no . conor it 's people like I that make people like you feel better about you tiny life . elizabeth fuck you . conor fuck I ?! that 's my line . fuck you . you be ridiculous . conor be stunne by she toughness . elizabeth this be unbelievable , I can not believe I come down here for this . conor why do you come ? if you know I 'ma liar ? you do not trust I . elizabeth look he dead in the eye . elizabeth they do . conor what ? elizabeth that kid trust you and they do not trust anybody . conor look down the street . conor so what ? I be do with that . shit , who care ? I gotta plan to get I out . elizabeth I just come to see what they see , because they be never wrong . conor start laugh at she melodramatics . conor God you be dramatic . conor mock she by throw he arm outstretch and spin around . conor ( cont would ) take a good look ... see what they see ! elizabeth I come to talk to you about a job . conor well unless it pay 12 grand a hour I be not interested . conor go back in to the bar . ext . fleming funeral home - night conor stand with ticky who be dress in a dark suit with a overcoat eyeing each mourner who come up the walkway . conor no , I be tell you , freddy pitch with he walkman on ! he stand on the mound listen to he walkman . conor laugh as he imitate freddy rock to he music . conor ( cont would ) and tiki be a monster at the plate , a natural , I be tellin ' you . ticky do not get wrap up in this team . conor I be not . ticky do you bone the nun ? conor she 's not a nun ! ticky whatever . conor Nah , that 's not gonna work out . ticky good , now maybe you can start tryin ' to sell some ticket . conor yeah . ticky do not yeah I , I have be carryin ' you on my back the last coupla week . do you miss a payment with the barber ? conor yeah I do . I shine he this week . ticky that goofy kid gino come into duffy 's askin ' for you . I be worried about you . we be partner and I be doin ' everything . I know you be sweatin' the booky right now but you be asleep at the wheel . a handful of grieving women make they way up the step , ticky solemnly approach they . ticky ( cont would ) Mrs. calagieri , I be sorry for you loss -- I be a friend of you husband 's , I be - the youngest of the woman turn to ticky . youngest griever none of we be Marie caligieri . ticky my mistake . the mourner continue on . ticky continue . ticky I mean we be partner right ? I be invest in this thing with you . conor I just gotta lay the 12 grand with fink and win . if I could just win that 12 ge I be tellin ' ya I would be set . either way I gotta quit coachin ' but if I win I be set . ticky let 's just get you past fink then we will both be set . you cover against Miami and we can really get goin ' with this thing . another group of mourner make its way up the walkway . ticky approach a older woman . ticky ( cont would ) Marie ? Marie caligieri ? the older woman turn to ticky . marie caligieri yes ? ticky I be so sorry for you loss . marie caligieri throw she arm around ticky and wail in sorrow . ticky hang on uncomfortably . ticky ( cont would ) I know you husband for year . marie caligieri he be a great man . ticky yes , he be a great man . and he have great season ticket for the bull and the bear . marie caligieri what ?! ticky Marie , he season ticket for the - marie smack ticky in the head , ticky reel from the blow . two other woman hold marie back . oblivious marie caligieri he leave that ticket to he nephew you low life . to marie 's pain , ticky express he own . ticky shit ! that screwy bastard ! marie caligieri what ? what do you say ? c'mere so I can poke you in the eye ! the woman pull marie away . ticky face conor in frustration . conor I think that go well . ticky head towards the car , pull off he tie . ext . conor' apartment build - night conor lock the stationwagon and begin walk down the block towards he building . out of instinct he look around . the light of a park car go on . conor straighten up and begin walk with casual purpose down the street . conor take out he key and walk past he house and cross the street . he take a few step up the stoop of a small apartment building and fumble with he key as if about to enter the building . conor turn to see the car idling by the curb , the barber be son get out of the car . conor pretend to see he for the first time . he act flustered as he put he key in he pocket and take off sprinting down the block . the barber' son take a few step towards he and then yell to the car . barber' son get he , gino , go ! gino be the thin of the two guy and he set out on a dead run to catch conor . alley - moment later conor come fly around the corner and leap to grab the fire escape , he miss . conor stand below it panting , exhaust . he look up at the lowest rung of the metal ladder that must be just under ten foot off the ground . he leap flat foote and miss again . STREET outside the alley - same time gino survey the dark street for sound or movement , he approach the alley and stop . alley - same time conor take a few step out of the alley and see gino from behind , he quietly scurries back in to the dead - end alley . conor have regain he breath and take a few step backwards . he size up the jump and take two graceful step and leap with one hand outstretch and grab the rung . conor swing silently , struggle to maintain he grip . he slowly pull he second hand to the rung and now rest as he be firmly attach with both hand . he begin to pull himself up the ladder toward the window on the first floor . int . conor' apartement build - night from the first floor hallway we see a window open and a slow breeze blow a old yellow curtain into the hall . conor 's foot come through the window first , follow gracefully with the rest of he body . once inside he quietly close the window and head down the hall to the stair . int . conor' apartment - night conor enter the apartment and crouch to the floor without turn on the light . he crawl he way to the window and peer sideways to the street . ext . STREET below - night through the window we see that gino have return to keep the barber be son company as he stake out the small building across the street that conor appear to be try to enter . conor pull himself to the wall and rest . sweat accompany the rise and fall of he shoulder as he breath continue to attempt to right itself . conor pull the phone to he use the phone line attach to the jack next to he on the ground . he dial . conor account 27 , kikuyus , yeah . what 's the line on the bull tomorrow night against Miami . ( he listen ) gimme twelve grand on the bull minus 6 . wait ... we watch conor chew he finger in a gambler 's moment of indecision . his faith waiver ... conor I will take Miami and the 6 point . yeah twelve thousand . conor hang up the phone and remain seat on the floor of he dark apartment , breathe . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day game day against the ibos be meet with more than normal tension as conor be distract by the twelve thousand dollar bet he have riding on the Miami heat tonight . ticky appear behind the fence . ticky conor . conor turn to see ticky . conor hey . ticky do you play it ? conor yeah . ticky twelve grand ? conor twelve grand . ticky how many point be you give ? conor I be get 6 . ticky stop the quick exchange to absorb this information . ticky you take Miami ?! be you on crack ?! you get a death ish ?! you laid twelve grand against the bull ?! oh my God this be - conor shut up ticky ! I be under alotta pressure right now , I need you to support I ! conor struggle with the desperate look of a gambler on he last run . ticky see he pain and back off . field matt hyland be the coach of the undefeate ibos and he stride with smug confidence to the kikuyus dugout . matt hyland coach , can I have a word . conor step away from the fence and meet matt near home plate . the umpire and al carter be stand in posture suggest a summit . al carter extend a official band . al carter Al Carter , league 's commissioner . conor we meet . matt hyland coach we be all concerned about the age of a few of the boy a you team . al carter can you produce birth certificate for you player . conor sort through the disorganize folder he carry kikuyus paperwork in . conor all I get be what coach James Devlin from Morgan stanley give I . matt hyland point out the certificate with the ease of a man who have put many coaches through this test . matt hyland here they be . al carter what be the name of that two boy at third base . third base we see maurice and alonzo stand next to each other laugh at calvert who they keep throw short hop to . home plate summit conor turn to the summit . conor alonzo and maurice . matt hyland be scrutinize a specific birth certificate , he hold it up to the light . matt hyland which one be maurice ? conor the kid in the grey sweat . matt hyland this birth certificate 's be alter . conor what ? matt hyland the 9 have be change to a 3 . they all huddle around the birth certificate . we see that the number have be crudely rework . umpire you gotta be bear before September of ' 86 . al carter well , the kid be out of the league and the kikuyus be on suspension . next violation could lead to be drop . conor look , what be you guy the gestapo ? matt hyland what 's the point of this league ? to teach kid that lie be okay if you can get away with it ? conor I think this kid have slightly bigger problem to deal with than forge birth certificate . conor have square to matt hyland suggest a confrontation . al carter side with matt . al carter I do not know where Morgan stanley get you from but I can tell you that if they wanna stay in this league they gotta follow the by - law . the kid go , now . conor stare in slack - jaw awe of the little league bureaucracy . he do not need this shit , not today . kikuyus bench conor be now piss and distract as he finish announce the line up . conor - calvert bat 7th play first base , freddy pitch and bat 8th and Louis you play right field and bat 9th . the kikuyus begin to take the field , maurice appear before conor . maurice why I be not playin ' , you mad at I ? conor maurice the other coach - maurice cuz I be sorry ' bout shovin ' Ray - Ray , I just wanna play . conor can not believe how difficult this be . conor listen , they know that you change you birth certificate . I can not let you play . the quiet , stoic maurice begin to break down . maurice but my mom say it be okay , that she would tell they if they ask that I be bear earlier . she say it be okay . conor there 's nothin ' I can do maurice , why do not you just sit down and watch the - maurice take off run so incredibly fast that it draw the attention of everyone at the field . we watch as maurice disappear into the horizon of right field . game - later freddy have complete he warm - up and the first batter step in the box . freddy adjust he head phone and sway to the music only he can hear . he fire the first pitch past a swinging ibo player . the kikuyu infield respond with proud shout for freddy 's dominance . whoosh , strike two , strike three . the ball get toss around the infield . matt hyland and al carter have reconven behind home plate with the umpire . conor storm out of the dugout to see what the conference be about . home plate al carter be nodd he head in agreement with matt hyland who be casually plead he case . the umpire obviously side with the guy who sign he check . conor what now ? matt hyland coach we be just in agreement that the pitcher can not wear the headphone . al carter Matt make a good point about safety . conor c'mon , you be kid I right ? matt hyland it would be terrible for the kid to get hurt because he could not hear a dangerous situation . umpire he 's gotta lose the headphone . conor turn to the field and start call out to he player . conor bring it in you guy ! bring it in ! conor wave the player in to a circle at home plate . matt hyland what be you do ? conor I want you guy to explain to they why they lose maurice and why freddy can not wear headphone . the kikuyus have gather at home plate . conor ( cont would ) and why the ibos and the pygmies have nice uniform and we have shitty tee shirt . al carter easy coach , you be already on a warning . conor turn in frustration and address the kikuyus . conor this be the commissioner and this be the coach of the goofiest team in the league and they kick maurice off the team because he be bear two week late and they be makin ' freddy take he head phone off . al carter fellas you understand that everyone have to follow the same rule . the kikuyus stand stunne at the news of maurice 's departure . g- baby blurt out a unclear protest . g-baby that some weak ass bullshit , you bitch ass mothafuck bustas . the kikuyus giggle , matt hyland step in and try to intimidate g- baby . matt hyland what do you say ? g- baby cower a little as matt have step close to he , conor take another step to matt . conor I believe he say " that be some weak ass bullshit " and then he refer to you and the commissioner as " bitch ass motherfuck bustas " . matt be shocked at conor 's retell . conor ( cont would ) be that it G - baby ? g- baby smile and nod . g-baby yeah , that 's it . conor yeah , and I agree with he -- you be a bit of a bitch ass motherfuck busta . the kikuyus giggle and matt step into conor 's face . conor smile , die for a excuse to blow off some of he pre-bet tension . al carter pull conor away from matt al carter you be on thin ice pal , I can have you remove from this league . conor this be my last game . I quit . the kikuyus react with , " what ? " and " what he say ? " conor ( cont would ) I be out , I get business out of town . al carter change course . al carter alright listen , kikuyus back on the field . ( to freddy ) Son , no head phone . coaches back to the dugout . matt , al and the umpire walk away . conor turn to see the kikuyus stare at he . they face register the disappointment of conor 's pend departure . conor c'mon let 's go . get out there . the kikuyus still stare . he lose it ... conor ( cont would ) what do you expect ?! that I be gonna coach this team for the whole year ?! this word fall like dagger on the already deplete spirit of the kikuyus . the player slowly wander back to they position . game - later freddy be nervous and wild as he walk in two run . the ibos show no mercy as matt hyland encourage the ibos to taunt freddy . freddy be defenseless and he confidence be shot . freddy begin to aim the ball slowly . the ibos now start to crank it all over the field . the rout be on . kikuyus bench conor talk with ticky through the fence . ticky you guy suck . conor whatever , I just quit . ticky I will see ya ' at the game . ticky walk away as conor check he watch . a nervous chill shoot down conor 's spine as the bet be only a few hour away . game - later the ibos scream a mean spirite rendition of the " 2 ,4 , 6 , 8 " song , quickly follow by a equally smug chant of " who 's gonna knock you out ? ibos gonna knock you out ! " . the kikuyus mill slowly through the dugout . they just get cream by the ibos and conor just quit . the player appear abandon and humiliate . conor be hustling to collect the equipment , obviously need to get out of there . calvert break the silence . calvert next practice be Saturday right ? 11:00 ? someone gonna be here right ? conor respond diplomatically . conor yeah , I will make sure someone 's here for practice on Saturday . alonzo yo coach you could ride we home right ? conor stop for a second and look into the defeat face . he check he watch , debate and then ... conor you guy be on you own tonight . it 's early still so go straight home . conor continue to pack the equipment . ext . UNITED CENTER - night conor shuffles through the scalping scene , he find ticky who be mid-transaction . ticky 250 for the pair . buyer first quarter 's almost over . ticky look pal I be not emotional about this shit , you be stand here with a Miami Jersey and a dorky dolphin hat . you get 250 or I walk and I guarantee you they will not last to that hot dog stand . the buyer be move by ticky 's pitch and hand over the money . conor admire ticky savvy . conor that be nice , how you doin ' ? ticky not bad , floor go for a grand , even the singles . I might eat ten mezzanine but I can live . conor what 's the score ? ticky it 's close , they be trading basket . I do not save any good pair I do not think you would want to - conor no , I be gonna watch through the glass . ext . sport bar - night conor and ticky stand outside the large plate glass window of a sport bar attach to the UNITED CENTER . be outside allow they the freedom to yell and move around without hassle from the owner or patron . conor pace and then look in with ticky to see the action . big screen tv through the glass we watch a big screen tv that show the game to have a strange , slow quality . miami , the team in black , in - bound the ball and a guy take a shot at the buzzer . it miss . conor and ticky outside the bar conor and ticky be freeze in they stance until the shot miss . conor explode with emotion . conor shit ! hardaway be ice cold . ticky it 's alright , one quarter to go bull be win by 3 point and you be gettin ' six . conor ticky , beware the sleep giant . you know it , you be here the night Tommy and I have win four grand on the bear 's game ... but we bet the whole thing against the bull give 9 . ticky reflect on the pain . ticky yeah , the sleep giant score 21 in the fourth quarter . conor be white with fear as feed on he own adrenaline have make he woozy . conor I do not know what I be gonna do ticky . ticky you be gonna ride this bitch out , if you catch it we go to duffy 's and stick he nose in shit . conor be stare off . conor if it go down , I gotta leave . ticky where you gonna go ? conor get a cousin in Boston . ticky yeah ? conor paint car . ticky you can not stiff fink . conor Nah , fink get the car , Jimmy and he company get the " fuck you " . conor be noticeably shake , ticky try to cheer he . ticky c'mon man , you be up right now , ride it out . ticky check the game through the glass . conor widen he stance for balance . we dissolve through the glass to later in the game we again watch the game through the soft haze of the plate glass window . the player appear slow but frantic , with less than 30 second to go , the game be tie . a tall white guy throw up a long awkward shot . ticky 's voice narrate the action . ticky kukoc throw up a prayer ... it 's good , holy shit ! Holy shit ! conor ( 0.s. ) should I look ? should I look ? ticky no ! no ! you be not look be work , keep not look ! we see conor hunch over stare at the ground , fully engage in the betting man 's lucky , " not watch ritual " . conor how much time be leave ? ticky eleven second leave , bull by two , Miami have the ball at half court they be comin ' offa ' twenty second time out . conor oh God ticky be I outta the wood ? ticky Miami will shoot the three to try a ' win it . they be on the road that 's a rule -- never go to overtime on the road . if they make it you win , if they miss it you win . conor yell at the ground . conor what 's happen ?! a family walk past slow slightly to observe conor who appear rabid as he continue to scream and plead with the ground while pace in circle . conor ( cont would ) talk to I , what 's happen ?! oh God never again ticky , never again ! the family rush off as ticky begin to narrate . ticky mashburn be take the ball from the ref ... inbound to Brown ... they be try to foul he he pass to hardaway . conor can not resist , he jump up and press he face to the glass . ticky hardaway jump behind the three point arc ... shoot ... it 's .. off ! he miss !... mourn tip it ... it 's good ! conor what ?! ticky mourn tip it in off the glass with no time leave . conor tied up ? tied up ?! ticky have fall silent , he breathes heavy try to regulate he heart as he utter the fatal word ... ticky overtime . conor overtime , I be fuck . conor rest he burn forehead against the cool glass of the window . he close he eye try to accept the 5 minute of prolong torture ... minute later conor lean he back against the glass as ticky narrate in a solemn voice . ticky uhm , Miami have the ball with 24 second down by 8 , wait pippen steal , foule . shoot two . conor what be I gonna do tick ? ticky avoid the question by continue to narrate the game . like a death sentence read by a judge he drone on . ticky pippen hit the second , hull by 10 . 15 second leave . conor begin to lose it , the reality of he situation couple with he crash adrenaline cause a rush of emotion . conor my God ticky , I be down 11 grand before I make this bet . ticky hardaway drive untouched , lay up . hull by 8 . conor when this bet miss I be down over 24 grand with the vig . conor turn away as he emotion start to get the best of he . conor begin to slide down the wall of glass , he sit on the ground . ticky continue in monotone . ticky ( cont would ) bull with the ball 9 second leave they pass around the trap , long pass ... ope pick off ... ticky 's hand grab conor 's shoulder for unity . he pull he up . ticky hardaway at half court ... conor and ticky both lean into the glass watch the last shot . big screen tv we see the final shot float through the air with incredible arc , nearly straight up . conor and ticky outside the bar we watch they freeze against the glass , we await a outburst tell the result . ticky it's good ! it's good ! ticky scream and yell and run around in circle , conor study the screen try to find the score . conor be you sure what' the final score ? ! ticky bull by five you cover ! you cover ! twelve g's baby ! conor shoot he arm up in a " V " as if he just floor the champ . ticky embrace conor and lift he as if he be he corner man . they circle the asphalt outside the window triumphant for once . int . duffy ' S bar - night a mellow Thursday night crowd be disturb by the raucous entry of conor and ticky who be well on they way to a " fall down drunk " . conor ( drunkenly sing ) I love it when you call I big pa - pa wave you hand in the air - conor look at ticky who shoot he hand above he head . conor ( cont would ) if you 's a true playa ' ... ' cause I see some lady tonight that should be havin ' my baby ... ticky ( sing ) baby ! ticky and conor continue to sing and dance . duffy come out of he office with a " Racing form " in he hand . duffy you should take this party somewhere else . ticky kiss we ass duffy , he beat fink tonight for twelve grand . conor smile in triumph . duffy you get my 6 grand ? conor tomorrow . ticky put in this tape . ticky hand a tape over the bar , peter the bartender accept it . with a nod from duffy , peter put it in . the notorious b.i.g. 's Big poppa start pump out of the stereo . the few patron look up try to figure out if they be still in the same bar . ticky downs a shot while dance . conor have retire to a seat at the bar . duffy stand on the other side study he . duffy so you beat fink for 12 large ? conor yeah . duffy now what ? conor I dunno . ticky jump in . ticky whaddya mean you do not know ? we be rollin ' it on the bull Saturday night . conor look to duffy for he approval about let he money ride . duffy let I know , I will take that action on ticky 's number if you wanna play it . ticky we will bet it with fink . bull do not cover tonight , they get Vancouver on Saturday , they will cover . 24 grand . conor yeah , 24 grand . duffy stop the tape . he study conor before push he button . duffy then what ? you think you win the game of life ? what next ? huh ? conor stand drunk , unsteady . he stare at duffy who just ask conor the question he have no answer for . conor I do not know . duffy if you win that ? whaddya ' gonna do with you life ? ( laugh ) coach little league baseball for black kid ? conor I don't know !... I dunno duffy , maybe I be just a loser right ? not like you mister Big time huh ? I be just a loser . duffy get ' outta here you be startin ' to sound like you father . conor lunge across the bar , ticky and the bartender grab conor and pull he towards the door ... conor so what ?! I be my father ! he gamble , lose it all - duffy go home - conor gamble away he family . I get nobody to lose duffy ! nobody to gamble away ! the whole bar be look at he now . conor have calm and now stand by the door about to leave . conor ( cont would ) you tell I duffy , what be I suppose to do ? huh ? what would my dad do ?! duffy okay , o'neill , bring I my money tomorrow . night night , time for beddy bye . the barflies giggle . conor turn in the doorway and step back towards the bar as something do not sit right . conor do not talk down to I , maybe I will coach baseball , maybe I will , you don't shit about that kide ! you don't know shit ! ticky pull conor outside . ext . duffy' bar - night ticky be hold conor who be still try to fight he way back into the bar . conor be beginning to break down as he drunkenness have mix strangely with he adrenaline crash . he stop fight and stare at ticky . conor I do not know why , but coach be the best thing I ever do . it make I feel good . ticky try to put a arm around conor . conor shove he away and stumble into the night . int . conor' apartment - day conor stare out the window of he apartment listen to a local sport radio show name the pitching match - up for Major League Baseball game around the league . radio Met be at Houston , I love all this non-division game . it 's gonna be a beautiful day at wrigley today , I dunno about beautiful for the cubby , maddux back to the scene of the crime against Wood ? forget it , anyway ... conor they . stack conor door . conor conor conor there pick up two stack of bill and thumb through a knock at the door cause conor to slip one in he pocket and another under the radio . grab the bat and stand to the side of the conor yeah ? ticky it 's ticky ? do not respond . ticky ( cont would ) I be alone , I promise . I will take off my crusty underwear and stand naked in you hallway to prove it . still do not move . ticky ( cont would ) Fine I be gonna lay on the ground and slide my nut under you door until you let I in . open the door with bat in hand . ticky stand alone . conor move to let he in . conor I pay duffy , we be square . ticky ( cont would ) do you call fink ? be we down on the bull ? how many point be we givin ' ? conor fink want to see that I still have he money . ticky great let 's go by there and flash them some cabbage and bet the 12 grand like we say . conor be quiet and ticky sense something ... ticky ( cont would ) what 's with you , we be gonna do this right ? conor yeah , okay ... I just gotta go by the field in cabrini . ticky Jesus Christ I think you quit ? conor snap . conor I quit ! you bet you ass I quit ! ( compose himself ) I gotta drop the equipment off . int . stationwagon - day conor continue to listen to the radio . a cub pre - game show hype the match - up between the hall - of - famer greg maddux and rookie phenom carey Woods . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day the stationwagon pull up behind the backstop and we can see that the kikuyus be arrive for practice . conor jump out of the car and grab the equipment bag and run to the dugout for a quick drop off . field the kikuyus gather around conor as he start to leave . tiki you here to tell we you quit ? alonzo that 's old news . conor survey they face , all be emotionless except g- baby who can not help but smile , happy to see conor . conor explain . conor I leave a message for coach Jimmy that I be just gonna drop off the equipment today , he should be here any minute . the kikuyus stare at he , they know jimmy will never show . no one will . conor can no longer look they in the face . the car horn blast . ticky ticky be stand outside the car smoking a cigarette . he continue to reach through the window , sounding the horn in frustration . conor start walk back to the car . tiki yeah , keep goin ' , sucka ' ! calvert yeah , we goin ' to the ship by ourself ! car conor return to the car and look at ticky . conor I can not bet the 12 grand . ticky Fine , I understand . we should just bet 6 grand and wait till - conor no , I can not . off camera we hear alonzo yell ... alonzo get you bummy ass outta here ! we a betta team with out you anyway ! conor storm back to the kikuyus . the player be a little scared of conor 's energy . conor hah ! I be not even listen to you ... so go ‘head , good luck on you own . call I when you get to the " ship " without I . conor storm away again . the kikuyus exchange look of confusion as conor continue to argue with himself . conor ( cont would ) I be so glad I be do with this . so , good luck ... hah ! see you later . conor again reach he car . ticky can we please go , if fink think 's we be comin ' we should at least stop by , if we do not wanna bet it we do not ... ticky realize he 's talk to himself as conor have storm back towards the player . player conor again stand angry before the kikuyus . conor how many you guy ever be to wrigley field to see the cub play ? the kikuyus do not move , a admission that none of they have . conor ( cont would ) hah ! that 's what I think ! you guy will never be a team until you see it play right ! conor pick up the equipment bag and walk back to the car in disgust . the kikuyus watch in confusion . car conor return to the car and ticky make a soft plea . ticky listen , you be stress out . let 's grab a bite , we can call fink and lay the bet . conor i'm out ticky ! you hear I ?! i'm out ! we see in conor the exhaust relief of a man who just exorcise a demon . he softly add ... conor I be do . I be do with all that . ticky be silent a moment before continue with he quest . ticky well then you gotta call fink for I , you can not just dissolve a partnership like that I mean - conor yell to the kikuyus ... conor ( cont would ) let 's go ! get in the car , the game start in 20 minute . the kid rush the wagon push ticky out of the way as louis and freddy jump in the front seat . the rest of the kid dive in all the other door and through the large window at the rear . conor have the car start and be back up as ticky run along side . ticky this be against everything that 's right . conor zoom away , the car pack with scream kikuyus . ticky shake he head and wave he arm piss off for the minute it take he to realize he 's not in Kansas anymore . he look nervously around before try to figure he safest route home . ext . wrigley field - day the stadium be swarm with fan try to get in . conor have the kid in a tight circle , he count head as he approach the mayhem . conor make eye contact with a young scalper . young scalper what ? conor 12 seat . ticky bleacher ? Upper deck ? conor field box over the cub dugout . young scalper ( laugh ) yeah that 's possible , even if they exist that would cost 1500 . conor I will give you $ 1200 . conor flash a stack of bill from he pocket . the young scalper set off into the crowd . the kikuyus be remarkably well behave as they all stare in awe at the beautiful old ball park . g-baby it look small from the train , but up close it 's big . we see wrigley from a low angle , the eye of a child . the ball park be gorgeous . the young scalper return with a triumphant smile and show conor a stack of ticket . conor examine they like a pro and hand the young scalper a fold of bill . int . wrigley field - day conor escort the kikuyus through the inside ramp of wrigley . the boy move slowly , they sense be overload with new sound and sight . they hand they ticket to a young stern usher with a suit jacket who examine they and then the ticket . he shake he head ... unhook a rope ... usher right this way gentleman . field we see the dream like green of the play field that dance like magic in the mind of the boy see it for the first time . conor be stop in he track . the majesty of the color and precision of the beautiful landscape remind he that you never get use to the brilliance of a major league field . BOX seat the usher lead the kikuyus to the three box that border the cub ' dugout . the kid respectfully take they seat , still awed by the experience . alonzo point to a guy pick up a bat a few foot from they . alonzo check it out , it 's sammy sosa yo . the kikuyus all rush to that corner of the dugout and begin try to get the player 's attention . they all cali , " hey sammy " and " sosa over here ! " . we see that the back of the player jersey read bb denote " bat boy " , but the kikuyus remain clueless . except for calvert ... calvert that be not sosa . the kikuyus jump on calvert , yell at he to " shut up " , " it 's sosa ! " . calvert walk away from that corner of the dugout . suddenly we see calvert 's eye go wide ... sammy sosa be stand right in front of he talk with the bat coach . calvert 's mouth go immediately dry and speech be impossible . sammy sosa see calvert who muster a small wave . sammy smile and wave back as he continue talk with the bat coach . the rest of the kikuyus now see sammy and crowd near calvert 's seat . they call out , " sammy whassup ' " and they shake clench fist at he . sammy smile and approach the kikuyus . he offer he clench fist and exchange " pound " with the kid who in this moment have die and go to heaven . conor smile bigger than we have ever see as he watch the boy interact with Chicago 's great slugger . cub game - montage the boy eat and spill ice cream , soda and hot dog as they continually leave they seat to cheer the cub who be have a uncharacteristically offensive day against maddux . we watch they sing " take I out to the Ball game " during the seventh inning stretch . conor join in the somewhat hokey but cool tradition . the game end and fan fill the aisle to go home . never want to leave , the boy hang over the dugout and call out to they favorite player of the day . conor sit by himself stare into center field wear a truly satisfied smile . int . immaculate conception elementary school - day conor wave to sister molina as he pass she office a route to elizabeth 's class . the kid have long since go home and conor again find himself outside elizabeth 's close door . he knock and then wait for a response . conor suddenly remember something and jump out of the way just as the door swing open . elizabeth stand in the door way . conor miss I . elizabeth conor o'neill . conor I want to apologize for the other night , I be wrong . elizabeth I hear about the cub game . conor yeah ? elizabeth do you have any idea how much that mean to they ? conor quietly accept the praise , then ... conor I be think about how you know before dinner the other night that I do not really work with Jimmy and they and that I have a big gambling debt and ... if you be there to offer I a job ... it might still stand . elizabeth you be not here to ask I out again ? conor try to read she , he guess . conor uh ... no ? elizabeth okay . conor be I s'pose to be ? elizabeth we need a physical activity coordinator . conor you and I ? elizabeth ( she laugh ) no , the school . someone to organize game , sport , supervise recess we would love to get a guy because - conor I think you like I . elizabeth what ? conor I just get this gut feel when you laugh before -- you be look right at I . they stare at each other , elizabeth offer ... elizabeth be you interested ? conor in the job ? elizabeth break the stare by laugh , conor start laugh too . conor what be we talk about here ?! I be interested , I be interested in anything I be suppose to be interested in . they both laugh as we see they in a long shot from down the hallway . the sun threaten its early departure as the long shadow of early spring cast a hopeful light . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day a fresh energy surround the kikuyus as news of they trip to wrigley have spread through the league . the boy be warming up for a game against the bakongos as conor be approach by al carter and matt hyland . conor afternoon gentleman . al carteer I hear you take you team to a cub game . conor yeah , that 's right . al carter I do not see any paperwork signature of consent from the parent or - conor it be a spur of the moment thing . matt hyland I think you be quit . conor I decide coach be more important . al carter I could toss you out , you be on a suspension . but I guess you only get two game leave . conor Three , count the championship . matt hyland you would have to win both game to make the championship . conor we can beat this guy . al carter and matt hyland exchange smirk of disbelief . matt offer ... matt hyland even if you find a way to win today , you gotta play we again Saturday , we be undefeate . conor yeah , and after we beat you we play for the championship . conor walk away . bakongos game emotion run high on both side as the game be incredibly close . the bakongos coach argue a call at home place . conor yell at the infield ump for miss a call at first base . stand the stand behind the kikuyus be almost full with about thirty fan . the kikuyus ' fan be invest in every play of this game , the tension continue to build . dugout conor address the boy who seem tired and drain from the high intensity this game have assume . conor okay this be it , last lick , we be down 9 to 8 . we have get alonzo - we see alonzo hold a bat with he game face on . conor ray-ray - ray -ray who kiss the gold cross around he neck before look to the heaven for support . conor freddy - freddy smile , lose in the world of he walkman . conor after that be Louis , tiki and calvert - we find calvert furiously suck on he inhaler . calvert raise he arm as a sign of " I be okay " . game - later the bakongo pitcher fire a third strike past alonzo , one out . ray -ray take four straight pitch for a walk . conor grab freddy . conor do not swing until you look over here and I nod " yes " . okay ? freddy take four straight pitch , he go to first send ray - ray to second . louis approach conor and await he order . conor ( cont would ) do not swing until you look over here and I nod " yes " . okay ? louis watch two ball go by , he look to conor who shake he head " no " . louis watch two strike go by and look to conor . conor obviously struggle but shake he head " no " . louis take ball three , full count . he again look to conor . conor take a moment before shaking he head " no . " louis wait for the pitch , he let 's it go ... ball four . Bases load and tiki step to conor . conor do not swing until you look over here and I nod " yes " . okay ? tiki stare at conor and then out towards the load basis . conor nervously shake tiki . conor ( cont would ) tiki , do you hear I ? tiki give a halfheart nod as he step to the plate . tiki tiki watch two ball go by , check with conor each time . both time conor shake , " no " to tiki 's dismay . at 2 and '' tiki look to conor who shake " no " . tiki await the next pitch and swing hit a feeble pop up right to the pitcher who catch it make the second out . tiki return to the dugout as conor stare at he with disgust for he disrespect . conor try to go on . conor okay , two down who 's up ? conor look to the bench to see calvert attach to he inhaler look exhaust but stable . calvert 's mom rub he shoulder from over the short fence separate the player from the stand . calvert shake he head " no " in a effort to communicate he inability to bat . conor look down the bench to see he only sub , G - baby stare at he . conor ( cont would ) G - baby you be up . g- baby fearlessly grab a bat and a helmet and be run toward home plate as conor go to the ump to announce the substitution . home plate conor be meet by the bakongo coach who be curious about the potential " ringer " be bring in at the last minute . conor Blue , I have get jarius Evans bat for calvert tibbs . bakongo coach wait Sir , I need to find Evans on my roster - the bakongo coach be about to raise a stink until he see the diminutive g- baby . bakongo coach ( cont would ) oh , okay , he 's here ... jarius Evans . the bakongo player throw taunt like , " that bat 's bigger than he " " Robbie just throw it in ' , " he too scared to swing " . conor pull g- baby from the batter 's box where he 's already dig himself in . conor listen I do not want you to swing until you look over here and I nod my head " yes " . okay ? g-baby I be not no busta coach . conor I know , I have that guy takin ' pitch too , so just look to I for a sign . g- baby nod as he go back to the batter 's box . game - later g- baby watch the first two ball go by and smile at the prospect of a walk . conor smile shaking he head " no " after each pitch . the bakongo pitcher fire a pitch as hard as he can that G - baby have to fall backwards to avoid get hit by . ball three . g- baby nervously reset in the box as the bakongo pitcher now throw the ball softly over the plate for strike one . conor shake " no " . the next pitch come quickly right over the plate , " Strike two ! " the bakongo pitcher have he confidence back . the bakongo coach join the bakongo player in remind the pitcher that , " one more just like that and we go to the playoff " . " right over the plate and sit he down " . conor approach the plate . conor time out Blue . g-baby walk to conor who kneel down to see he eye to eye . conor ( cont would ) listen , you can swing if you want but you do not have to . okay , if you go down look none of we care . you hear I ? you get back in there and you do what you think be best . g- baby nod , too focus on he own adrenaline to hear what conor just say . g- baby dig in and face he fate . the bakongo pitcher set and fire a pitch toward the plate . g- baby swing late but catch enough of the ball to send it towards first base . the first baseman head towards the line extend he glove towards the ground . the ball sneak just inside first base and beyond the reach of the first baseman 's glove . g- baby instinctively sprint towards first base and as he see the ball roll into right field he extend he arm above he head . conor 's hand shoot above he head and the kikuyus meet at home plate as freddy and ray - ray score to win the game . g- baby get swamp by the kikuyus . montage of conor' routine the Rolling Stones , " gimme shelter " accompany conor on today 's errand . we see conor roll out of he apartment he hair freshly slicked from a hot shower . he jump in he car . conor approach the cute receptionist at Morgan stanley who hand he a check , he smile and leave . conor pull up to the barber shop and hop out . Inside the barber shop he get playfully shove around by the guy hang around . barber be a huge fat man in a comfortable chair . conor respectfully hand he a envelope . barber nod and conor leave . conor load four box of liquor into the stationwagon . duffy joke with conor as they difference appear settle . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day the kikuyus stand along the fence of they dugout watch with fear as the undefeate ibos warm up . the ibos be a well oile machine as they fire the ball around the field with drill precision . conor interrupt they . conor what 's everybody look at ? conor stand at the mouth of the dugout hold the box of booze he get from duffy 's . conor ( cont would ) listen up , I need you guy to sit down . the team sit on the bench as conor begin . conor ( cont would ) you guy make I proud against the bakongos . not because you win , but because you play like a team . and because you play like a team I think you should look like a team . conor open the first box of booze and pull out a brand new crisp white jersey with Kelley green piping . the boy be silence by the beauty of the lettering that read " kikuyus " on the front . conor turn the jersey around to see that it read " tibbs " with number 52 on it . a Kelly green shamrock and a script " duffy 's tavern " monicker adorn the right sleeve . conor ( cont 'd ) calvert , I believe this be yours . like Knights of the round table the player stand when they name be call and accept they uniform with the pride of royal order . alonzo have pull open the other box revealing pants , sock , hat and green nike cleat of vary size . ibos dugout matt hyland give order to he quiet team that be terrify by they overbearing coach . matt hyland ... and if you do not know what to do look at I for a sign or instruction . I will always make the call . you get that ? we hear the sound of commotion building in the kikuyu dugout . the ibos stand up to the fence of they dugout to see ... kikuyus dugout with no shame the kikuyus have begin to strip in broad daylight , anxious to transform into baseball player . stand conor look to see the stand fill up . duffy arrive with he wife . elizabeth sit with a few of the mother . elizabeth and conor exchange smile . kikuyus dugout the kikuyus stand in front of they dugout subtly preen and fix each other 's uniform . they try to mask they pride , but we can tell that they look at themselves differently . ray -ray wear a bat helmet and grab a bat as he 's up first . game - later tiki hit a basis load grounder up the middle and we see the kikuyus ride they new confidence to a early 4 run lead . game - later the ibos have pick up steam as they pitcher continue to mow down the kikuyus in order . we feel the momentum shift as the ibos get louder with they chant of " who 's gonna knock you out ? ibos gonna knock you out ! " the last inning alonzo pitch in to a jam and conor bark the umpire as he approach the mound . conor pitch change , third base in to pitch . we see freddy cower at third base afraid to pitch . conor get to the mound and alonzo happily give up the ball in the tense situation . freddy have arrive at the mound and look at conor with abject fear . conor ( cont would ) listen freddy , we be up 4 to 2 . you get one guy out we go to the ' ship . freddy I can not pitch , they be really gonna sweat I . they gonna yell and then I can not think . conor you be in charge out here , do not rush . you can hear Big poppa in you head , right ? freddy yeah , just sometimes I lose the rhythm . conor it 's okay just relax and take a minute to get it back when you need to . freddy , you be great . I be not worried . freddy smile at conor 's confident remark . conor leave the mound . game - later freddy wind up and throw , ball four , he walk ina run . the score be now 4 to 3 and the kikuyus cling to a one run lead . freddy be come apart at the seam as the ibos continue to increase the volume and energy of they chant . freddy be near tear as he wait for the next ibo to step in to the box . conor stand in front of the kikuyu dugout slowly wave he arm above he head . he begin say something ... field the kikuyu player all look to conor to try and figure out what he 's say . freddy hold the ball study he . conor conor be get loud enough for we to hear he as he stand unabashedly groove back and forth . conor ( sing ) I love it when you call I big poppa , wave you hand in the air if you 's a true playa ... cuz I see some lady tonight that should be havin ' my baby , baby ! calvert immediately catch on and throw he hand above he head and begin sing along to the chorus of Big poppa . alonzo catch on and smile as he turn to communicate the song to tiki in center field . ray -ray have the catcher 's mask in he hand and stand on home plate conduct the whole team who have now catch on . the whole kikuyu team be sing notorious b.1.g. 's song . freddy smile at conor before roll he head to the well synchronize chorus . the ibo player be silence as they listen and watch the kikuyus sing . for they there 's something haunt about the smooth sound of the chorus of twelve year old voice . freddy focus on homeplate and deliver three quick strike to end the game . the kikuyus meet at the mound and toss freddy around as they all chant , " we goin ' to the ship ! " conor be content to watch from the dugout as the boy cerebrate as a team . ext . cabrini GREEN project - night conor pull up to the curb of one of the cabrini " quad " . tiki and g- baby get out . conor offer out the window . conor Wednesday night practice . tiki have already step clear of the car , G - baby linger for a second . g-baby thanks for the uniform . conor wave a " you be welcome " and drive off . g- baby run to catch up with he brother . ext . cabrini build - night the night have warm up create more tension and drug activity on the " Green " . tiki and g- baby continue toward they building . a strange energy accompany the warm night . build a group of young man conspicuously linger in front of they building . tiki pause for a moment before walk to the door . a gang kid approach he . gang kid can not go in there now . tiki look around to see that the gang be obviously stake out this entrance to the building in hope of catch someone in particular a the way out . tiki how long it gonna be ? the gang kid shrug . " I dunno " . tiki look around at the determine face of the gang . he spot a young kid milling behind two guy , it 's maurice . tiki step towards he . tiki ( cont would ) yo reese whattup ? maurice offer a cold nod to he former teammate . tiki get the hint , collect G - baby , and head around the side of the building . side of the build G - baby sense danger and appeal to tiki . g- baby why can not they just let we in . tiki cuz ' they waitin ' to cap somebody who 's in there . g-baby what be we gonna do ? tiki ponder this question and decide to head towards the back entrance . g- baby grab tiki 's hand and hustle with he towards the back of the building . back of the build tiki and g- baby step into the dim light of the back stoop just in time to see two guy leave the building with gun draw . as the two guy leave the stoop and run to the right , tiki pull G - baby to the leave , back around the building the way they just come . in the darkness on the side of the building we can see that the gang have get wise to the back door and they run with gun blaze . tiki react quickly to the gun shot and pull himself and g- baby in to the small hedge along the building . g-baby oh shit - tiki quiet , they will pass by . we see and hear the shadow of the gang fly by , tiki keep G - baby low to the ground . after they pass , tiki stand and pull G - baby to he foot and the boy run for the back door . when they get to the light , tiki pull G - baby into the dim entrance way . int . entrance hall - night tiki sit they both on the floor out of view and safe for the moment . tiki look at G - baby to see that he eye be wide with fear . tiki it 's alright we be okay . g- baby 's gaze be fix on tiki as he breathe get heavy . tiki ( cont would ) G ' we be okay . tiki look down to see a tiny hole in G - baby 's chest , the size of a straw . blood begin to flow freely now as tiki shake he semi-conscious brother . tiki ( cont would ) okay , c'mon , get up . G ' c'mon . g- baby 's eye flutter for a moment before lock in to a lifeless stare . tiki 's shocked reaction lead he to pull G - baby close to he and wait for someone to find they . tiki ( cont would ) okay , we will just wait for someone to come , it 's okay . int . conor' apartment - dawn the first shaft of dawn 's light glow on conor 's yellow curtain . we see conor asleep on he stomach as the phone ring . he grab it and sit up . conor yeah ? conor pull a old digital clock radio to he face to check the time . 6:40 . conor ( cont would ) what ? Elizabeth ? okay , okay . conor hang up the phone and sit motionless as the tragic news grounds he to the bone . ext . immaculate conception elb " entary school - day conor show up to find a commotion that only the death of a 9 year old boy can provoke . local news and hysterical parent dominate the school . conor wander dreamlike through the crowd search for elizabeth . elizabeth grab conor and he look at she swollen eye . elizabeth conor it 's awful , the kid be walk around daze and the parent be in the church praying . suddenly he player calvert , alonzo , ray -ray and louis be grab he arm and try to hold a to he hand . conor panic and break free of the kid , he look at elizabeth and with nothing to say he walk away from she . she watch as conor run to he car and drive away . int . duffy' bar - night conor be lock in a seat at the end of the bar . he 's obviously be here all day , drink and stare into space . jimmy approach conor and put a arm on he shoulder . jimmy I be sorry about the kid - conor raise he hand and stop jimmy mid-sentence . jimmy go silent and take a moment before continue . jimmy ( cont would ) I just want to make sure that we be okay . y'know ? legally ? I mean the kid do not get shot because we do not take he home right ? conor calmly drain a drink before punch jimmy in the mouth , knock he to the floor . jimmy be more stunne than hurt as he get up . jimmy ( cont would ) you be as crazy as a shit house rat o'neill . conor get off he stool and jimmy make a hasty exit . elizabeth be stand near the door have just arrive . conor return to he bar stool . elizabeth sit next to conor and order a drink . elizabeth jamison 's neat . the bartender place a glass of straight whiskey in front of she . elizabeth take a liberal swig without flinching . conor finally react to she . conor who tell you where I be ? elizabeth the sleeve on that uniform proudly advertise duffy 's tavern . I take a shot . conor Nice uniform . elizabeth beautiful , but that 's not what they need right now . conor stand for the first time in hour and begin drop money on the bar . he ignore she comment , pay he tab and leave . ext . duffy' bar - night conor light a cigarette and begin search he pocket for he key , elizabeth appear . elizabeth be this a irish thing ? the quiet man routine ? drunken , stoic , no emotion - conor my father die in November . elizabeth I be sorry . conor I do not cry at the wake . I could not , it just be not there . elizabeth step close to he and like a subtle dance move he take a small step away . conor ( cont would ) what do you want from I ? elizabeth the kid be so upset and confuse - conor explode . conor so what ?! you want I to come in there and tell they it 's gonna be okay ?! I can not do that . I will not do that . elizabeth fight back . elizabeth you have become a part of they life . they be not just there for you to play Santa Claus to clean you conscience when you beat the bookie . conor this be great , I be sure they would love to know you come down here and drag I out of a bar for they . elizabeth I come for I ! for I . maybe I come to see you , maybe I need to talk about it . conor soften , think of g-baby . conor he be nine year old . elizabeth sense conor 's vulnerability and go to he . she lightly place she arm around he . conor stand still , defenseless , accept the hug . conor break the hug and nod as he walk into the night . elizabeth watch he go . int . ST . john' catholic church - night conor make he way into the last pew of the large church . it 's quiet as he sit in silence try to collect he thought . conor pull the kneel bench from under the pew in front of he and kneel to pray . he be overcome with emotion . int . immaculate conception church - day the chapel of the church be pack with the family of the cabrini community . a spiritual verse be sung by a chorus in red robe lead by a black minister in a white robe . conor join the congregation by slip in to a crowded pew . he wear a tie and a dark suit obviously hold over from he dad 's funeral . the hymn end and the minister begin the memorial by read a verse from the Old Testament . conor scan the room to see elizabeth sit with alonzo , calvert , ray -ray and louis . the church have become silent as pearla evan have approach the podium . pearla evan over the past two day we have be able to hear testimony from that very close to we family and in we community . a scatter of " praise Jesus " trickle through the crowd . conor continue to study the assembly , touch by the unity as he watch woman in floral dress use paper church calendar to fan themselves in the grow heat . pearla evan ( cont would ) I want to give a few more people a opportunity to say something on jarius ' behalf . I would like to ask coach o'neill to speak , be he here today ? the assembly look around to see if someone identify . conor raise he hand , shocked by the request . he stand to say something and pearla evan speak into the microphone ... pearla evan ( cont would ) please Mr. o'neill , c'mon up . conor pause before make he way to the podium . podium . conor nervously loosen he tie as he look blankly at the assembly before beginning . conor good Morning . everyone . umh ... jarius be a player on the kikuyus baseball team ... that I coach . honestly , he be too young to play , but he want to be a part of the team so badly that I could not say no . he be a really tough guy , I be sure you all know that . just a boy who want to be around he older brother . he have a great smile too , I know I be not tell you anything you do not know . conor pause , nervous and emotional before tell he story . conor y'know we play a really important game against a good team and with two out in the last inning I have no choice but to let jarius bat because we have no other player . he be fearless as he step to the plate . I be terrify ... for he . the assembly laugh at conor 's honesty . conor ( cont would ) and with two strike and we hope dwindling he hit a shot down the first base line and win the game . conor get emotional . he take two quick breath and continue . conor ( cont would ) and watch he raise he arm in triumph as he run to first base ... conor raise he arm during the re-tell of this part of the story . conor ( cont would ) I swear I be lift in that moment to a better place . I swear he lift the world in that moment , y'know ? he make I a better person even if just for that moment . conor lower he arm and return to he body . conor ( cont would ) I be forever grateful to jarius for that . conor leave the podium have move the assembly to a honest silence . elizabeth wipe she eye watch conor leave the podium . ext . immaculate conception elementary school - day conor have steal outside to have a cigarette as the memorial be break up . lenora tibbs approach he . lenora tibbs there 's some people who wanna talk to you about the baseball team . conor flick he cigarette to the ground . conor the team be do . lenora tibbs that 's what they wanna talk about , they're in miss wilk room . lenora tibbs point to the school building behind they . conor hesitates before storming off to face the angry mob . int . elizabeth' classroom - day conor barge in the door prepare to do battle with the angry parent of the kikuyus . the only people inside the classroom be the kikuyus seat in a circle wear they best church clothes . they all look to conor as he stand in the doorway . ray - ray we know the league wanna cancel the championship game - calvert my mama say it up to we ' cuz of G - baby . conor yeah , it 's over . we do not have to play , you guy have a great year . you can keep the uniform . conor start to head out . freddy pipe up . freddy wait - conor turn back . freddy ( cont would ) you quittin ' again ? conor what d'ya mean ? alonzo we wanna play bitch ! the kikuyus start chime in , " yeah , we wanna play " . " for G - baby , let 's play in the ship " , " we gonna play in the ship " . conor you guy wanna play ? kikuyus Hell yeah , motha fucka ! conor smile as he admire they spirit . he think , then ... conor I will see you guy tomorrow at 11 . the team react to the news . ext . immaculate conception parking lot - day elizabeth catch conor at he car . elizabeth it 's be such a emotional couple of day . conor yeah . elizabeth I be gonna come to the game tomorrow . conor okay . elizabeth have you think any more about the job . conor I dunno , I be think about it . elizabeth kiss conor , he kiss she back . they break , elizabeth smile as she walk away . int . duffy' bar - night conor be still wear he good suit as he unwind at the bar . duffy tap conor on the shoulder . duffy there 's a girl want you outside . ext . duffy' bar - night conor exit the bar to find elizabeth obviously distraught . conor what ? elizabeth tiki 's runnin ' around cabrini look for the guy who shot jarius . conor stare back towards the bar , want to return to he warm seat and cold beer . elizabeth ( cont would ) they have not see he for two hour . conor hesitates before jump in he car and racing off . ext . cabrini GREEN project - night conor jump out of the wagon and begin comb the dark asphalt lawn for tiki . conor trace the building ' entrance by memory have make many trip there in the dark . after scour the front entrance of tiki 's building , he head towards the rear . conor hear a rustling and stop . conor tiki ? a small figure burst out of the hedge and begin sprinting across the lawn . conor take off after he . we see tiki 's dark form move quickly across the quad until he take a turn towards the dimly light entrance of a maintenance building . conor see he clearly in the light and be able to corner he by the door . both conor and tiki be exhaust . conor let 's go , c'mon . tiki fuck you . tiki shove conor . conor shove he back . conor you wanna fuck with I ? huh ? conor shove tiki twice , tiki swing and miss . conor ( cont would ) what 's you fuckin ' problem with I ? tiki fuck you , you get everything . conor be stunne by this accusation . conor I get everything ?! like what ? tiki you get money and a car and shit . you just lay up with yo friend , yo parent . my dad 's dead and now my little brother 's dead too . conor my dad 's dead . die around Christmas . tiki hear this and look at conor , listen . tiki see conor I be not get shit . that car be not mine , I owe a couple a grand to some guy . my life 's a fuckin ' mess . conor in a new light . tiki how ' bout that new uniform ? conor I win money on a basketball game . tiki I be sorry ' bout you dad . conor he be not that great a guy . tiki mine neither . conor G - baby be a good kid , I be gonna miss he . tiki begin to break down at the mention of g- baby . conor trust a instinct and put he arm around tiki . tiki respond by bury he face in conor 's chest . conor people really care about you . you mother and Elizabeth and everybody 's be lookin ' for you . tiki Elizabeth ? conor Ms. wilk . tiki nod in understanding . tiki have compose himself and pursue the " Ms. wilk ' line of question . tiki Ms. wilk ? she you girl ? conor I dunno . tiki how far you be with she ? conor get shy remember the day 's kiss . conor I kiss she . tiki laugh . conor be self - conscious . conor what ? tiki man , I go further ' wit a girl than you . tiki laugh and conor smile allow tiki he moment . conor start walk back towards the building , he turn to tiki . conor you comin ' to the game tomorrow ? tiki start back away from conor . tiki Nah , I be do playin ' ball . conor alright , I understand . let 's go home . tiki you go home , I get something ' to do . tiki back further away , conor know he 's lose he . conor wait , tiki I will stay - tiki take off , conor helplessly watch he disappear . ext . cabrini GREEN baseball field - day conor stare at the team who stare back . conor I want you guy to take a good look at yourselves ... and be proud . we begin a pan of the player ; alonzo , ray - ray , louis ... conor we make it here , we be here . the pan continue ; calvert , freddy , maurice . conor ( cont would ) what I have learn from you be that ... really the most important thing in life be show up . I be blow away by you ability to show up ... through everything that 's go on . conor reel in he emotion and re-direct he speech . conor ( cont would ) the league never want we to play this game but you guy show up . but we only get eight guy today so we can not play . tiki appear with he mom , pearla , stand behind he . tiki speak to the team . tiki he be my brother , he love to watch we play . he 's still watchin ' we . we gonna play today . the player surround tiki , physically support he . they pat he head , touch he shoulder and exchange hand slap . this be a team . ray-ray , alonzo and calvert hand out crude black arm band that say " G - baby " in silver marker . the player all affix the band to they leave arm . many of the player have also write g- babys number , " 11 " , on the side of they hat . calvert and alonzo place a arm band around tiki 's leave arm . conor okay , this be for g-baby . take the field . the kikuyus roar onto the field . conor turn to see elizabeth stand at the entrance to the dugout . conor go to she . elizabeth I just want to make sure you guy be gonna win , I bet with you friend ticky . conor look to see ticky smile in the stand shrugging he shoulder . conor know ticky bet against we improve be chance . elizabeth ticky also tell I that you be gonna work at the school . I be think that 's not a bad idea . conor I be think the same thing . elizabeth smile at conor , he smile back . conor turn to see tiki wait for he . tiki place a arm band around conor 's leave arm . he then pull conor down as if to tell he something . tiki hug conor and they both hold on for a extra moment . tiki run to center field . conor smile as he scan the unusually large crowd that include duffy and what seem to be the entire community of cabrini . we hear the umpire shout , " play ball ! " as we ... pull away from the field to establish the enormity of event in the smallest of place . the end