hard to kill revise screenplay by Steven pressfield &amp ; Ronald shusett &amp ; Steven seagal Story by Steven seagal &amp ; Ronald shusett &amp ; Steven pressfield &amp ; Bruce malmuth base on a original screenplay by Steven mckay for educational purpose only final draft February 17 , 1989 convert to pdf by screentalk www.screentalk.org fade in : ext . hollywood hill house - early evening a modest but handsome home in the foothills above gower . superimpose : " 1983 " a young boy , sonny STORM , rush out -- excited but pouty and a little peeve . he glower at a 1981 mercury , park at the curb -- then turn back toward the house . sonny ( call back to house ) daddy ! I do not want you to go ! mason STORM emerge from the house -- wear a dark gianni versace sport coat with a black vest underneath , carry some kind of case in he hand . he look great -- a man of action , not dandify at all by the snappy attire . he squint down toward sonny , proudly -- very much the family man . mason 's pretty wife , felicia , appear in the doorway . felicia ( call to sonny ) you father have work to do , sonny ... but he will be home soon . and we will all watch it together . sonny you promise , dad ? STORM I promise . Storm and Felicia come down to car , he arm around she . sonny grab he father 's shirtsleeve . sonny daddy ... ( very serious ) daddy , be E.T. gonna win ? STORM he 's get my vote . Storm laugh and ruffle he son 's hair . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. felicia ( tight to Storm ) I want you back early . tonight 's the night that little starlet be crawl all over town . STORM do not worry . I will beat them off with a stick . he kiss Felicia , ready to leave . sonny daddy ( want he to stay ) what about my joke ? Storm lift sonny up into he arm . he give the boy 100 % of he attention , speak just for he . STORM knock knock . sonny who 's there ? STORM Old lady . sonny Old lady who ? STORM I do not know you could yodel . sonny may not get the joke , but he laugh delightedly -- just because it 's he dad tell it . Storm kiss he and set he down . felicia ( to Storm ) take my advice : do not give up you day job . title begin . int . storm car - moving - Pov through windshield night freeway traffic . smoke in the sky ... flame ... the oil refinery south of torrance . a police radio be on , low , and we can hear the squawking communique in the b.g . we become aware of a black limousine , ahead in the traffic . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. reverse angle - STORM as he drive . intense now -- mind focus . Radio handset in he hand . STORM ( into handset ) Karl ... wake up . intercut police station - detective room - night karl becker , Storm 's partner , a nice guy in shirtsleeve with a huge nautical - type wristwatch . he 's wide awake all right -- eager for this call . karl ( into radio ) I be here , mase . where be you ext . harbor freeway - night Storm 's mercury move discreetly , tailing the limo . STORM on the Harbor ... south of torrance . I get calabrese right in my gunsight . with STORM STORM if I have a sidewinder missile , I could save the taxpayer a lot of money . suddenly he be more alert , slow the car . limo veer toward a upcoming exit ramp . STORM ( v.o. ) here he go . I be shutting down the radio , partner . angle on sign port of los angele san pedro terminal pier 65 convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. as the limo pass and , moment later , Storm 's car . karl ( v.o. ) keep off the skyline , amigo . ( by the way ) Lou gossett just win best support . title end . ext . commercial pier - night the limousine slowly move up beside a stand - alone shack near the edge of the wharf . the shack be a open shelter with a broad overhang , and various kind of equipment store inside it . a single bulb illuminate it . the limo come to rest , engine off , no apparent activity in or out of the vehicle . storm car pull up at a distance , deep in shadow . int . storm car - night he switch off the radio , twist a telephoto night lens onto a specially silence 8 mm surveillance film camera ; he prime a portable sound deck in the case he 's be carry . a quick check of the .45 in he shoulder holster , then he exit the car . on STORM move carefully onto the wharf , keep to shadow , use cover . ext . wharf - night stack of huge shipping crate and sea-land container from a long wall along the cluttere dock . the tower hulk of several ship loom close by . Storm find a slot between bulk container : a good surveillance point . STORM let 's go , boy . I be miss the oscar . he be less than forty yard away , look lengthwise down the car from its rear . a beat , as Storm pick up the sound before we do . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. storm Pov - station wagon a panele , expensive model approach . the wagon pull up , a short distance from the limo . a man get out from the wagon . a beat later , the driver exit the limo . both be armed . they check out the area , in all direction . shack one man cross under the eave of the shack -- reach up , smashes the single light bulb . the spot go dark . with STORM see the door open on both car . a mature man , calabrese , and he stocky confederate , vitale , step from the limo . two other men -- one wear a stylish hat , the other barehead -- step from the wagon . they cross to the shadow , shack area . STORM ( o.s. ) ( to himself , softly ) I know you , calabrese . but who be this mystery guest ? the two shadow Men be obscure by the shack and the position of calabrese and vitale . STORM start he camera soundlessly whirring . he position he high - tech directional mike , slip on earphone . wharf - conspirator there be noise from various wharf machinery on adjacent pier , but the high - tech listen equipment still bring in the sound with acceptable clarity . calabrese -- murder be a serious business , my friend . and a expensive one . shadow man with hat you will be well compensate , calabrese . money now -- and a lot more when I get into that office . you can take that to the bank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6. through telephoto lens despite the shadow , it 's plain the man with the hat be in he prime , full of vigor and impatience . calabrese , by contrast , be clearly older , more circumspect . calabrese slowly ... slowly . always with caution . shadow man with hat I be up to here with caution ! that fuck life on bean curd and alfalfa sprout -- he be not gonna die of natural cause . calabrese all I be counseling be a little patience . the man be public . he 's in the paper every day . shadow man with hat yeah ? well , the next time I read about he , it better be in the obituary . on STORM he squint over the camera , strain to see with the naked eve frustration angle - calabrese and vitale glancing to each other . they be tough guy , but in some hard - to- define way , the two shadow Men be tougher . bareheaded shadow man enough bullshit . can you do the job or not ? if you can not - vitale we will do it . STORM know he 's on to something super hot . STORM ( to himself , soft but intense ) who be you ? get out of that shadow -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7. it 's drive he crazy that he can not make out the shadow Men 's face . he peer around the wharf , look for some better vantage point . shack - conspirator keep talk . angle - STORM darting closer , use the row of bulk container for cover . he take up a new position , nearer the shack re-aim the camera . lookout # 1 ( mikey ) hear something -- peer directly at the spot where Storm be hide . STORM duck quickly back out of sight . as he do this , he earphone cord catch on something . yanking the phone off Storm 's head . he can not hear what the conspirator say next -- but the audience can . conspirator shadow man with hat the job be a light plane ... a lear p61 . we want it to take off -- we do not want it to land . calabrese become aware of mikey check out the noise ; he motion the conspirator to shut up , then signal mikey to proceed . mikey cock he pistol , move swiftly toward the line of container . shadow man with hat step forward into the light . his face come clearly into view . well dress , magnetic , Bobby Kennedy -ish -- he be L.A. assemblyman vernon trent . trent ( shadow man with hat ) ( to calabrese , with menace ) you tell we this dock be clean -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. storm hiding place - mikey step around one container ( out of view of the other man ) to the exact spot where Storm be . but Storm be not there . mikey be about to check farther , when out of nowhere : Storm lash out with a savage punch to the face . the blow be so devastating it knock mikey 's foot out from under he so that he topple face - forward into Storm 's arm , out cold . Storm soundlessly lower the lookout to the ground . Storm shake a sore hand and notice it 's cut . kneel down to the outstretch heap , he find the cause of he injury -- one of mikey 's tooth wiggle freely in he finger . Storm pluck the tooth and fold it inside the big guy 's hand . STORM ( be : the fairy ) a quarter 's a quarter . wharf - shack calabrese and vitale be get uneasy . calabrese mikey ! quit play with yourself back there . ( no response ) mikey -- gun come out . calabrese and vitale start this way -- STORM bolt back up the wharf , toward he car . calabrese and vitale hurry up to they fall comrade . they see Storm 50 yard back up the pier , flee . vitale take off after he at a dead run . at that instant : trent move into frame beside calabrese . the barehead shadow man with he be Police Captain dan holland ( in civilian business suit ) -- 21 year on the force , hard as nail . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. conspirator ' Pov they see vitale pull up , on foot , as Storm 's car roar off into the darkness . vitale seem close enough to pick out the license number . back to trent as he face move into the light . merciless , implacable . trent ( to calabrese ) whoever that sonofabitch be , I do not want he to get a hour older . calabrese he will not , Mr. assemblyman . calabrese's limo speed up beside the conspirator . calabrese get in , the limo whip off down the wharf to pick up vitale and take off after Storm . trent and holland stand watch -- grim , furious . int . police station - detective room - night a burly plainclothesman , max dunne , wave he phone receiver at Karl , Storm 's partner , who 's still at the desk where we last see he . a tv across the room tune to the academy award . dunne Karl -- Storm on three . intercut : mini -mall phone booth Storm in a phone booth , crummy neighborhood near torrance . Karl punch line three , pick up he phone . karl you throw away dime now ? STORM this do not go out over the air , pal . for you ear only . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . karl ( get out note pad ) what 's go down ? STORM calabrese . I just get he ass -- on candid camera . karl you be full of shit ! STORM him and he gorilla vitale . I get film and audio on both of they , lay out a hit . two other guy I could not make out , but I be sure they will come up on the film . this be a big one , carlito . we own academy award . you ready ? karl ( take note ) shoot . STORM I want you to track down morgensteen right now . if he 's with that meter may from pico , crank she leg apart and pry he out of there . karl he be not gonna be happy . STORM screw he happiness . tell he I want the lab open at six - thirty tomorrow morning . I want this film push to the max , and nobody but we to know about it . I know we get something here . karl you bring it in tonight ? STORM I promise my kid I would be home . I will be at the lab before dawn . Storm hang up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11 . ext . mini - mall - night a crummy mini-mall around torrance . Storm exit the phone booth -- cross toward a liquor store , which be still open this late at night . int . liquor store - night Storm enter . a grimy , high - crime booze store . not exactly the place to find mumm 's ' 36 . STORM how ya do ? ( look around ) get any champagne ? the grizzle man behind the counter check out Storm 's versace thread . counter man right next to the caviar . ( wink ; point ) there 's some in the big cooler . Storm like the guy . he note the man 's mini - tv tune to wrestling . STORM you be not watch the oscar ? counter man the oscar ? I hate the oscar . Storm cross to the cooler . counter man who need the goddam movie ? I get it all in here every night . ( indicate he view from behind counter ) horror . sex. freak . violence . and I be not gotta pay no four buck . Storm pull a bottle from the cooler . he notice , on a high shelf , a big stuff toy . something for sonny . Storm stretch up , grab it . suddenly : he notice something in the big convex shoplift mirror . something approach from outside . STORM ( to counter man ) you get a phone back there ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12 . counter man why ? STORM ( order he ) punch nine-one-one . the man hesitates , let a few precious second pass . Three latino punk enter the store . one of they carry a long - barrel shotgun . counter man sonsofbitch ! you creep rip I off two week ago ! shotgun punk shut up . he gesture to the register . counter man take it , man . take my life 's savings . he scoops bill from the cash drawer ( about twenty buck ) shove they to the shotgun punk . the punk scowl -- counter man where be a cop when you goddam need one ? ( to punk , threaten ) I get half a mind to come out there and teach you sonofabitch -- shotgun punk fire without warning -- point blank into the counter display and the man ! the counter man be blown backwards -- cabinet crash ; he crumple , groan and bloody onto the floor ! shotgun punk now you get half a mind , old man . punk # 2 scoops up the money . the three punk saunter up and surround Storm . Storm look down at they foot , then to they face and smile . shotgun punk point the gun at Storm 's face . shotgun punk what be you grin at , pindejo ? STORM we ... ell ... there 's only three of you and you only get one shot leave . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13 . the punk do not know whether to laugh or just shoot he , but it be too late for either option , as Storm suddenly spin between the punk and behind the gun . the shotgun goe off and blows away part of the back wall -- bottle explode -- Storm lock the punk 's finger into the gun , rotate the gun as a bar , break the punk 's arm . the other make they move -- but now Storm have the shotgun and be use it as a sword or staff . he look like a true master conductor in a almost magical manipulation . this pour stupid punk have become the instrument in he spontaneous orchestra . punk # 2 take a vicious swipe at Storm with he long knife . Storm duck , go to he knee , and use the gun to foot - sweep the punk . the punk 's leg fly skyward and he head slam against the floor . as soon as he hit , the shotgun be slam through he tooth . the last punk have produce a icepick and be stare at he compadre in disbelief . he and Storm square off . STORM ( to punk , calmly ) I know what you be think . I have this big shotgun and all you have be that little icepick . mine 's bigger than yours . it 's not fair . Storm set the gun down . punk # 3 be still freeze . STORM still not fair ? Storm get down on he knee . STORM do not wait for the blindfold , maricon . punk # 3 ( clutching the ice pick tightly ) chinga tu madre ! the punk lung , thrust the ice pick with lightning speed at Storm 's face . Storm make a slight movement , parry the thrust and slide he body behind the punk , simultaneously slamm he forearm into the rear knee joint . the punk buckle and Storm now have one of he leg in both arm and pin the other leg with he leave knee . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14 . we see the leg hold in Storm 's arm begin to twist ... and with a blood-curdling scream we hear a loud SNAP . siren be hear approach outside . ext . liquor store - night Black and white pack the parking lot . Police ambulance make ready to haul off the three punk . T he counter man , bandage on a gurney , be wheeled out by paramedics . one medic catch Storm 's eye -- flash a gesture indicate the counter man will be okay . Storm finish with two other detective , obviously buddy , as they complete they on-site note . the champagne bottle rest on the hood of they car . detective # 1 you be armed , Storm -- why do not you just use you gun ? STORM I just get this new glazer bullet . you know they be almost a buck a pop now ? he grab the champagne , take off for he car . int . storm car - traveling - night Chuck mangione 's " feel so good " plays in the tape deck . Storm listen for a few beat , as if let the horn cool he out after the liquor store action . then he eject the tape decisively -- reach into he camera case , pull out the surveillance tape from tonight . he punch this tape into the deck . Storm listen . the part where the shadow man with the hat ( trent ) say , " you will be well compensate . money now -- and more when I get into that office . you can take that to the bank . " Storm crank up the volume . STORM I know that voice . who the hell be it ? he rewind the tape -- ext . STREET - storm house - night Storm 's car turn into the block , slow approach he house . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . int . storm car - traveling - night still listen . can not place the voice . punch " eject , " the tape pop half - out . into the driveway , Storm activate the garage door remote . int . garage - night Storm 's car stop , headlight go out . the garage door close . Storm get out , carry he camera case , champagne and the big stuff toy . he take a couple of step toward the door to the house , then stop , remember - he lean back into the car , yank the surveillance tape from the deck . hand full , he tuck the tape into a inside pocket of he versace vest . int . storm house - kitchen - night it 's late ; just a courtesy lamp leave on for Storm . he pull the tape and recorder from he case , stashes the case out of sight . he grab a couple of champagne glass -- int . storm house - stairway - STORM tiptoe toward the bedroom . Felicia appear at the top of the stair , wear panty and a teddy top . she smile see the big toy , shoosh Storm -- angle from sonny'' room Storm stop outside he boy 's room , look in . Felicia tiptoe up beside he . sonny sprawl loose - limb on the bed in he Woody woodpecker pajamas . STORM wish I could sleep like that . felicia maybe I can help you . she tug Storm sexily toward the bedroom -- sonny be that for I , dad ? Storm stop , toy in hand -- STORM you faker . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16 . he come into the room , sit on the edge of sonny 's bed -- tousle he son 's hair with great affection . sonny take the stuff toy sleepily , pull it into bed beside he . sonny E.T. lose . Storm know E.T. be not just a movie character to sonny ; he 's a real person . STORM who win ? sonny I dunno . candy . STORM candy ? felicia ( from doorway ) mahatma candy . he be a great man . Storm move closer to he son . he see how much E.T. 's loss have hurt he son , and want to make it better . STORM ( very gently ) you know why E.T. lose ? sonny why ? STORM Cause they only let grownup vote . if kid have vote -- sonny ( cheer by this ) -- we would have give E.T. everything ! STORM we would have give he everything . sonny yeah . Storm start to rise . sonny ( want he to stay ) daddy -- tell I a knock -knock . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17. STORM you know the rule . ( pull cover up ) one joke a day . I have to make them last . already sonny be most of the way back to sleep . Storm kiss he forehead -- int . master bedroom - night insert - johnny carson - 1982 " tonight show " in mid-joke behind he famous desk . Storm and Felicia form obscure part of the screen -- stand close to each other , beside the bed . Felicia help he off with he jacket . felicia there 's blood on you jacket . STORM it 's okay . it 's not mine . Storm 's hand dump he stuff onto the bedside table -- camera , tape from case , gun . he gather the glass , pour champagne . Felicia watch she husband . she plainly love he deeply -- and be hold and excited by he contradiction . they come closer together , clinking they glass , sip . felicia if people know how sweet you be , they would never be scared of you . she kiss he seductively , unbuttone he shirt at the collar . Storm still wear the vest . felicia I be not scared of you . STORM maybe you should be . felicia ( closer , increase passion ) why ? be you plan on do something to I ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18. STORM a couple of thing cross my mind , in the car come home . another kiss . they get they glass out of the way , Storm lower he wife languidly onto the bed . they begin kissing more deeply . Storm help Felicia slide out of she teddy top ; she beautiful breast rise into the light . Storm begin to kiss they , she moan with pleasure . the lovemake increase in intensity , Felicia 's hand grop to open Storm 's pants . he begin to help she , guide she leg apart -- felicia ( in mid-kiss ) door 's open . not miss a beat , Storm grab a heavy pillow , heave it -- without look -- at the door . angle from hallway - bedroom door the pillow strike it , start it swinging close . Storm and Felicia 's form , on the bed , be eclipse . sound from the " carson show " drop down - int . storm house - another hallway - night two men -- carry shotgun , face hide by mask -- move soundlessly down a hall . a terrible alien presence within this normal american household . the man turn a corner into a different hallway -- men be Pov - moving - hand -held at the end of this new hall : the bedroom door . angle - two men creep closer . bedroom - STORM and felicia they passion highly arouse now . Felicia 's leg wrap tight around Storm ... they breathe , combine with the tv sound , seem like it would obscure the man 's silent movement out in the hall . but : Storm suddenly freeze . listen . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . felicia ( frighten ) what ? Storm lunge for he .45 on the nightstand . suddenly loud and violent crash and the bedroom door be kick in . two dark figure with shotgun levele fill the door . there be a eruption of gunfire and blind muzzle blast and smoke . in the dim light for a moment we do not know what have happen , then : storm Pov we see one of the assassin throw backward , jacket blow open at the shoulder . switch to : assassin' partner' Pov we see Storm hit badly at close range . he take it in the right center mass . it look like he right arm be tear off as he .45 be literally blow across the room . Felicia be now hysterically scream -- but not for long -- as she be mortally wounded . we be sure Storm will collapse and this horror will be over , but Storm rush the remain assailant , and tilting he body sideways as he enter , he avoid one more ferocious blast . the momentum of Storm 's quick spin catch the assailant perfectly , and like a fast spin top slam against another , Storm have the puppet by the string . he clamp down with he leave and only good hand on the assailant 's right hand , and use it against the gun as a tool for more torque . spin he around until he be at the peak of he circle , Storm with all he might spin he whole body in the opposite direction quickly , use the whipping effect of he shoulder and hip to snap the assailant 's wrist and flip he violently . there be a loud crack and scream as he land on he head and neck , and then -- from the side , point - blank -- another ferocious shotgun blast -- Storm be blow into the air and back onto the bed from which he come . quick cutaway to : int . karl becker' bedroom - angle on different shotguns booming ! Karl ( Storm 's partner ) be blasted . no chance at all as he take the full brunt of multiple blast . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20. we recognize the large nautical wristwatch he wear as he fall to the floor -- back to : int . storm bedroom - night the scene of slaughter we just leave . now in perfect stillness and quiet we high angle pan down the room in ... slow motion : down feather slowly float down toward the terribly sad and lifeless body of Storm and Felicia . hole pepper wall ; lamp obliterate ; bed and pillow not even a semblance of they original form ; crimson red and white smoke . bedroom - normal speed the two assassin recover themselves . bigger man 's shoulder : limp and bloody . little man ( be : Big man 's wound ) man. big man ( he 's tough ) get to work . they do . Big man collect tape and camera from the bedside table , replace they with large lump of cocaine and cash . then lie coolly place something on the night stand directly in front of the lifeless cop 's face -- it be a tooth . Little man rifle Storm 's pocket , include the versace jacket beside the bed . little man ( patting Storm 's pants pocket ) you get the tape ? big man ( be : what he grab from the table ) I get a shitload of them . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. Little man be just about to search Storm 's vest when he look up and see : bedroom doorway - sonny Storm 's little boy stand there , in he Woody woodpecker pajamas , hold the stuff toy . he stare in numb horror . little man ( ford ) without hesitation pump he shotgun , aim at the boy . sonny dash from the bedroom as the blast rip the door behind he ! sonny'' room - sonny streak to the window , heave against the sash -- hallway - two men Big man ( dunne ) boot sonny 's door open , crash in -- sonny'' room - window sonny plunge out just as both man OPEN FIRE . they pound round after round into and through the window , blow glass everywhere and rip the windowframe and half the wall to shred . a alarm begin blaring . the man glance to each other , flee . ext . storm house - front walk - night alarm continuing . the man emerge walk swiftly but not run , shotgun tight to they side . they cross the street to a sedan park in shadow . up go the trunk : in go shotgun , plastic bag with tape -- and they mask , which they have just tear off . int . sedan - night Little man whip behind the wheel . he be Jack Ford , a extremely bad hombre we have never see before . he start the car . Big man in the passenger seat . we recognize he ! he be Max dunne -- the burly man who take Storm 's phone call in the police station and pass the receiver to Karl . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22. dunne ( big man ) punch it . ext . STREET - night the sedan speed away . int . hospital corridor - tracking shot - lieutenant o'malley - night a tall and heavy irishman , build like a tank , with beautiful baby - blue eye . he hurry down the corridor , radiating intensity . several cop with he . they turn a corner into a second corridor . o'malley Jesus Christ . oxmalley Pov - corridor outside emergency room jamme with cop , official , newspeople . a circus . o'malley stride forward into the crush . assemblyman trent and captain holland side by side in the mob scene . we recognize the two shadow Men from the wharf -- the one who order Storm 's murder . under the glare of a mini-cam lamp , a female tv reporter try to get trent to talk . trent ( emotional ) know Storm from when I be City Attorney ... and he be a young homicide detective - ( choke back tear ) we work on ... case ... together ... ( can not go on ) I be sorry ... sorry -- trent 's grief be so sincere , he himself almost believe it ; he aide shield he from the camera , steer he away , in the direction of where o'malley be . Holland go the opposite way . the reporter pick up she v.o. : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23. tv reporter ( v.o. ) that be assemblyman Vernon trent , deeply move by the loss of a officer he know , ( etc . ) . medics wheel Felicia 's body past , one bloody forearm visible beneath the sheet . trent what make people do this ? ( in tear , agony ) will you tell I ? will someone please tell I ?!! o' malley watch trent pass , weep , escort out by police and aide . across the crowd o'malley spot Captain Holland , who apparently be the man he 's search for . o'malley ( call ) Holland ! Captain Holland ! in the general hubbub , Holland do not hear -- confer with some other officer . angle past holland - emergency room through the glass partition , we see doctor and nurse go about they examination of Storm 's body . o'malley push he way toward Holland . two uniform cop in the crush along the way . o' malley come up beside Holland . holland ( bareheaded shadow ) they always say Storm be superhuman . now we know why he be always jack up on coke ! o' malley grab Holland , slam he against the glass wall . o'malley ( whisper , full of menace ) let I tell you something , you piss - ant . that man in there be the cleanest I ever know -- with more honor and gut than this whole department put together . if I ever hear you say fuck all like that again , I will lose my shield to put you where you belong . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24. o' malley release Holland , back off , calming himself . the man stare at each other . holland ( hostile ) what the hell 's i.a. do up at this hour ? o'malley take over the show . holland this be homicide , not Internal affair . o' malley tug out a letter on official stationery . o'malley we get two cop down , with money and drug all over the place . this be straight from the commissioner . Holland be clearly upset by this , but know he can not argue with a letter from the commissioner . reluctantly he yield . he turn he gaze back to the stretcher in the er . now he and o'malley be just two officer , share a loss . holland you and Storm be tight , o'malley . I be sorry . o'malley he be the most unstoppable sonofabitch I ever know . holland well . he get stop tonight . Holland break he stare at Storm 's body and drag away , signal he own cop to vacate . they exit . no farewell between Holland and o'malley . o' malley wait silently , watch Holland and he man clear the corridor and disappear . doctor emerge from the emergency room . e.r. doctor Excuse I , be you with the police ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . o'malley ( dully , show id ) Lieutenant o'malley . what have you get , Doc ? e.r. doctor I have get a live cop , be what I have get . int . e.r. trauma room o' malley stare at Storm 's body , stunne . the Doctor stand beside he -- at the side of the room , away from the medic . e.r. doctor the paramedics call it wrong , so do my people at first . look ... it happen . the man have no vital sign . with all the blood and excitement , I almost miss it myself . but we have a pulse now . you man be alive , Lieutenant . o' malley 's eye flash from Storm ( over whom the medic be now work ) to the corridor outside , at the end of which he can see several straggling cop and news people . his mind be racing -- he spot something on a stainless steel medical table : Storm 's blood - soak vest , apparently toss there when the medic stripped Storm to work on he . o' malley pick the vest up . he study it - insert - vest the surveillance tape Storm stashed be still there ! o'malley slip the cassette into he pocket . o' malley make a decision . turn intensely toward the Doctor . o'malley who else know he be not dead ? e.r. doctor no one ... just the people in she . but -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26. o'malley I want to see each one of they before they leave the room . no one else come in as of right now . e.r. doctor hold on . I do not think you -- o' malley steer the Doctor into a corner . o'malley ( eyeball to eyeball ) mason Storm be go to vanish , Doctor -- and you be gonna help make it happen . until he can give we some answer , the deader he be , the safer he be . close - STORM the man could be dead , but the reality be he have survive and still life . quick fade to : montage - with score a ) L.A. time front page " senator caldwell kill in sierra plane crash . photo of Senator caldwell , photo of light plane crash in mountain . B ) close - tv - local news photo of trent , with capitol in b.g. news anchor ( v.o . ) -- the governor today appoint dash L.A. assemblyman Vernon trent to the Senate seat vacate by the tragic death of -- C ) int . coma ward - night scene of still sadness , motionless body in bed . a elderly nurse tend to patient ... one of they be Storm . D ) san francisc0 chronicle front page convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27. " trent win second term . " subhead : " popular senator touted for vp slot in ' 92 . " photo of trent with wife and kid . E ) int . coma ward - night Storm in a different bed , different side of the ward . different nurse . monitor depict eeg , etc . music down , sequence end -- ext . night sky - thunderstorm ( stock ) a thunderbolt crack -- lightning , rain sheet down . super : " seven year later " int . ( uci ) medical facility - coma ward - night we hear rain o.s. as two hallway swinging door open and -- andrea simpson ( " andy " ) stride through . raincoat , wet hair ... carry a small clothing bag , armload of book and note . Andy be serious and businesslike but underneath it all , she be the most sensuous and beautiful woman you have ever see . angle - nurse ' station martha coe , a attractive black nurse about Andy 's age , finish she shift report . she barely pay attention as Andy come up , start unload she stuff . martha you be early again . andy ( deadpan ) you will not report I , will you ? Andy gulp from martha 's coffee cup . we see they be good friend , who have split shift on this ward for many moon . andy ( be : shift report ) inquiring mind want to know -- int . coma ward - night martha and Andy , with the shift report . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. martha -- Dr. cannon order a glucose drip on Jimmy see . mack 's e.e.g. monitor 's develop a nice electronic hiccup -- and you boyfriend ... ( indicate Storm ) ... turn he head . andy ( electrify ) he do ? in a coma ward , this be headline news . martha ( excited too ) I think he be go to sit up . I almost shit ! the nurse laugh . but Andy 's glance toward Storm 's bed be full of deep care and hope . int . coma ward - close on STORM - later change in seven year , softer . his shaggy hair be manicure in a sleeker , longer length and he wear a smartly short , perfectly trim beard . we glimpse , on Storm 's chart , the identify label : " JOHN doe 461Z . " angle - beds of other patient trap between sleep and death . a spectral , haunt scene , full of pathos . beside storm bed - andy work , full of beauty and youth -- like a beacon of life and hope in this silent still world . she run a physical therapy regimen on Storm and seem quite expert at this delicate work . the " workout " be electronically induce by sophisticated impulse equipment . andy ( gently , with compassion and hope ) -- can you hear I , John doe ? I do not care what the doctor say , I know my word be reach you somehow . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . andy ( cont 'd ) I be go to talk to you tonight ... and tomorrow night ... and the night after that . I be go to keep talk to you till you come back -- on the shelf behind he head be a frame photo of Yogi berra , with the quote : " it ain't over till it's over . Andy lift it and set it a the pillow beside Storm 's head . andy Yogi say it be not over till it 's over . till the fat lady sing . there 's life in you , j.d. , I feel it . I will never give up on you , and you will never give up on yourself -- she finish work out Storm 's muscle , beginning disconnect the contact point . she stop , lift the robe off Storm so that she can see he lower body , naked , underneath . andy besides ... you have get so much to live for . as Andy replace the sheet , she wristwatch alarm beeps a reminder . check the watch , she lean over and smooth Storm 's sheet , touch he tenderly . andy sorry . I will not be long . she exit . int . employee snack kitchen - night martha pour herself a cup of coffee . Andy come in . martha how 's the sleep prince ? Andy cross to the counter , start pour herself a cup too . andy still sleep . ( serious ) it 's bad enough when it 's old people . but a young handsome guy -- her voice trail off . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . martha do not let this job get you , honey . it 's eight hour , not twenty - four . get out , meet somebody ... get laid -- andy ( with a grin ) you can have my orgasm , martha . I will make up for them later . int . coma ward - close on STORM - night his hand move ! a beat ... then another . something 's happen . another beat , and then we see he draw several sharp intake breath , then a very deep breath . suddenly he shudder intensely -- montage - subliminal sequence Storm 's return to consciousness . like a disjoint dream sequence , we meld optically distorted footage of scene into a quick sequence depict Storm 's journey up the " tunnel " from unconsciousness and back to life : a ) Storm emerge from the door of he house , the night of the oscar . Felicia smile , take he arm -- B ) sonny 's bedroom , the night of the oscar . sonny with , the stuff toy , embrace Storm -- C ) the mask assassin . shotgun blast detonate point blank into Storm and Felicia -- int . coma ward - STORM his eye open . he grimace with pain , as if even the dim illumination of the ward blind he . his eye keep blink and squeezing , he tongue work for saliva -- int . nurse ' station - andy alone , do paperwork , concentrate totally on she work . int . coma ward - STORM his hand slowly rise , find he face . he discover the electrode , pause to determine what they be , everything a slow painful effort . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. int . nurse ' station - andy a buzzer sound on a bank of monitoring equipment . Andy glance up ; a light flash on one screen . she study the screen a moment , give a perplex look toward the ward -- int . coma ward Andy enter , scan the area , listen . she move down the row of patient , visually check each . she stop at Storm and check he , too . Storm 's eye be close ; he 's motionless . Andy turn , start to exit . STORM ( in b.g. , weakly , directly behind ) -- nurse ... Andy whip around , suck air and fall back , knock over a iv unit -- which shatter on the floor ! she turn and sprint from the room . int . hospital corridor - tracking storm gurney - night as we crash through door with it . moving fast . knotted around Storm be a emergency team of doctor and nurse . a control chaos of ad lib status report and query from they overlap as the door swing shut behind they . Andy be leave alone on the coma ward . int . nurse ' station - night Andy unlock a drawer , pull out a laminate card from the record notice section . she pick up a phone , punch in a long series of number . intercut : int . precinct house - detective ' room - night the phone on someone 's desk begin ringing . jone , a plainclothesman , pick it up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. jone Internal affair . detective sergeant Jones . andy my name be andrea Simpson . I be call from u.c.i. Medical Center . I would like to speak with ( read from card ) Captain o'malley . wheel start to turn in Jones ' head . jone what be this in regard to , please ? andy I have a John doe coma patient , code access 461 zebra , with instruction to notify upon any change in condition . jone what be the change ? andy ( with enthusiasm ) the patient have regain consciousness . Jones react -- put he hand over the receiver , turn to a leather - face plainclothesman ( nolan ) at the next desk . jone ( urgent ) nolan . get Holland at home ... right now . ( back to Andy on phone ) I be sorry , Ms. Simpson . Captain o' malley be no longer with this division . let I take you information . please ... contact no one else on this matter . int . coma ward - night Storm back in bed . a knot of doctor finish return he from they emergency resuscitation work . " we will leave he here for tonight , where they have get the full support setup . " the team wrap up and begin to move off . the team leader instruct Andy in Storm 's immediate condition and care . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33. doctor ( team leader ) -- clip he with 50 cc of thorazine if he give you any trouble . I be afraid he 's very disorient and quite paranoid . he think people be try to kill he . the team exit . Andy be alone in the ward with the immobile patient -- and Storm . Storm groan and try to lift himself onto a elbow . STORM miss ... please ... they will not tell I ... think I be too disorient -- andy this be u.c.i. Medical Center . you have be in a coma . you chart go back for seven year . STORM ( staggered ) Seven ... year ? he can not absorb this . it 's too much . his mind reel . STORM who ... who know I be awake ? andy ( innocent enthusiasm ) it 's all over the hospital . you be the first one that 's come out of a coma of this duration . you will probably be on the news ! ( beat ) you will be famous ! STORM ( struggle to sit up ; fail ) listen to I carefully -- ( read she name tag ) -- Andy . I do not have the strength to talk much . I be a cop . my wife ... family ... murder . that 's how I get here . if you do not get I out ... you and I ... good chance ... both be dead . andy please -- you be in no danger here . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34. she touch he kindly -- but Storm see that she do not believe he , think he 's paranoid . STORM goddamit -- ( urgent but weak ) can not stay here . listen to I - andy I will have one of the aide take you down the hall for hydrotherapy . it will help you relax . STORM no -- andy listen ... I have get work to do . you be my cutest patient , but you be not my only one . she leave . Storm blow a sigh of frustration . his body will not do what he brain tell it ! in half - paralyze rage he struggle to move he limb , open and close he hand -- int . emergency room - first floor - night a accident case be hurried in from a ambulance . paramedics , e.r. personnel and patient fill the scene . a bespectacle doctor in a white coat casually emerge from the crush and continue on into a hallway . angle - doctor this be no doctor ; it 's Jack Ford , one of the killer who shotgun Storm seven year ago ! int . hydrotherapy room - continuous action danny , a aide , have Storm harness in a froth whirlpool . int . first floor / MAIN directory - continuous action several nurse chat and drink coffee at a clerical station . Ford come up - nameplate , stethoscope , look the part perfectly . we see he exchange a greeting , ask a question . one of the nurse hand he a clipboard with some papers on it . as the killer scan the clipboard - russ , the security man , approach . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . Ford avert he face subtly , continue to study the list . Russ pass , with a greeting for the nurse -- and a ( slightly unsure ) nod for the killer . the killer nod back . second floor supply room - continuous action Andy arrive and go about business . int . third floor elevator - continuous action a set of door ding open . Ford step out . int . coma ward - continuous action eerie ultraviolet ; motionless form ; steady hum of monitoring equipment -- and the shuffle of the killer 's shoe ... move purposefully from bed to bed check each chart for the right name . int . third -floor NORTH corridor - continuous action Danny help Storm out of the tub . int . coma ward - close on ford - continuous action check the chart in the dim blue when -- a flashlight ray suddenly hit he face ... russ Excuse I , Doctor . I have to check everyone on the upper floor . ( come forward , no suspicion ) can I just get you i.d . -- phht ! Russ take the silenced shot right between the eye . his body collapse in a heap there in the entry . int . third -floor corridor Danny wheel Storm through the big swinging door . suddenly -- he freeze . danny's Pov he see Russ 's partial body in the doorway up the hall recognizable because of its security uniform trousers . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . danny react as if fear Russ have have a heart attack . he leave Storm , rush forward to investigate . Storm strain to see . int . doorway to coma ward danny ( dash up ) Russ ! Russ , be you -- phht ! phht ! Danny sprawl onto the floor , dead . int . close on STORM do not need to see to recognize that sound . he grope at once for the wall corner , try to propel he litter back through the swinging door and out of sight . Storm strain for it , he limb maddeningly uncooperative ... stretch , paw ... until -- he claw far enough to reach where the janitor 's mop rest against the wall . coma ward - hallway - ford step into the hallway , peer up and down -- just as Storm slide out of view . the killer grab Danny 's body by the ankle , to drag it back out of sight . just then : andy back through the double door at the other end of the hall , try to balance a overload tray of supplies she 's carry . she and Ford be momentarily in full view of each other ... but back turn . suddenly -- Ford hear Andy ! he spin ... gun ready . Andy carefully head that way -- the two corpse visible ahead and the killer poise to waste she . but she 's concentrate on the overload tray , travel closer ... closer ... until -- she turn off into the medicine room . Ford swiftly haul both corpse out of sight . at elevator Storm weakly , awkwardly " row " himself toward the elevator with the mop handle . then use he hand , try to grasp the wall and push himself along . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . he make it within reach of the call button and stab at it with the mop handle . miss . again . then : bull 's - eye ! the light come on ! int . coma ward Ford have find the last ( Storm 's ) medical chart -- and the empty bed . he 's head back -- frustrated , angry out toward the hall when ... the elevator bell ding . at elevator Storm struggle to push himself inside . everything a excruciate effort . the door slap into he litter , try to close . reopen . Close . reopen . hinder he as he throw a look toward -- int . corridor - ford stalk this way , ear tune to the slapping door ahead around the corner . he break into a trot -- elevator - STORM make it all the way in with a final heave . footstep near . the door not yet close and -- int . corridor - ford round the corner just as they shut . race forward -- int . elevator Storm jab at the panel for the lobby button -- but the shaky mop handle hit 7th floor instead . STORM sonofabitch ! third-floor corridor - at elevator the killer hear this -- hear the elevator start up . he punch the call button . the other elevator open . he plunge in just as : south corridor - andy come out of the medicine room and spot blood on the floor , hurry forward -- see Russ and Danny 's body ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38. she back off in horror . Andy rush to the ward station , lunge for the phone -- find it 's be cut . her view into the coma room suddenly bring the realization that Storm 's bed be still go . storm elevator the door open -- revealing a dark , desert seventh floor still under construction . he register the oppose elevator rise he way -- jabbing again at the control panel ... expose there ... door wide open . Wild stab . any button will do -- just close the goddam door ! ding ! Ford 's elevator arrive . Doors open . we make out the killer 's form -- just as Storm 's door close . Storm blow huge relief . look to see what he finally push ... shit ! -- the 3rd floor button . he put the mop to the side wall and shove himself with all he 's get . the gurney wheel around and place he right next to the control panel . Storm twist onto he side and slam a hand over the emergency stop button . but the button jam ! and Storm 's thrust hand have push he gurney even farther away ! he can not reach it ! he feel the elevator about to stop at a floor ... claw at the mop , as a weapon ... raise it with all he feeble strength . the door open and -- Andy crash into he ! andy my God ! STORM ( hoarse , weak ) -- help I ... int . stairwell - ford pound down the step three at a time . gun in hand . int . lobby Andy haul Storm 's litter full tilt out of the elevator . a night janitor be waxing the floor , he long power cord snake down the corridor . he stare in astonishment at this nurse racing down the corridor with a gurney -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . angle - gurney as its wheel hit the buffing machine cord . the gurney buck , almost capsize . andy I be sorry ! sorry -- she heave the gurney , despite all its weight , past the power cord , just as : ford hurtle from the stairwell . in one beat , he take in the janitor ; in the next , Andy and Storm -- down the hall . Ford take off after they . he 's go to catch they ! janitor jerk up on the power cord ! it whipsnake down the hall , flaring up , trip Ford ! he sprawl face - first as : ext . hospital - night Andy blast through the exit door with Storm on the gurney . she haul ass with he into the parking lot -- back to ford he spin , on the floor , drill two silenced shot into the janitor 's chest . the janitor drop . ext . hospital exit - ford highball from the door , in time to see : ford be Pov - across parking lot a dark - color car , its make indistinguishable in the dark lot , screech into a exit lane and race out of the lot . parking lot - ford hurry after it on foot . too late . he pull up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40. empty gurney roll randomly into view across the lot . high angle - wide shot - pacific coast highway - dawn Andy 's car speed up the pch . majestic malibu Mountains visible -- dawn sun shimmer the ocean with early light . int . andy be car - moving - dawn Storm sprawle , asleep , exhaust , in the passenger seat . Andy windblown at the wheel . a pair of fugitive , on the run . the car pull off the highway , past a sign for " ojai . " int . L.A. county courthouse - meeting room - day open on a big table , cover with weapon confiscate from gang -- pistol , knife , assault rifle . Reporters crowd around Senator trent at the table . a large sign read : " gang weapon seize in one week ! " trent ( to group , finish up ) six gang - related murder in one week . we be go to put a stop to it -- and we be go to start right here ! trent pick a AK - 47 off the table and stuff it theatrically into a huge trash can . News camera record this juicy nugget for the nightly news . trent I will be talk with the mayor . we will have a statement shortly -- he raise a fist in a " power salute , " move off -- side of room - trent waving and beam , edge away to the " wing , " where Ford and dunne wait , along with Holland -- proper and official in they plainclothes suit . trent ( to Holland , furious ) how much dirt do I have to shovel into this goddam Storm 's grave ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41. trent ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! ( turn to Ford ) the man be flat out on a stretcher and you still can not kill he ! Reporters and bystander continue to approach and congratulate trent . he handle they easily , shaking hand -- then ducking back , aside , to he thug . trent Holland -- plaster he ass with slime in the press . put a tail on every person he know -- holland we know how to do we job , Senator . trent then start show it . ( to Ford , dunne ) I be star in that sonofabitch 's home movie -- and the oscar be thirty year in the slammer . he 's toast , understand ? the assassin nod grimly . trent turn , hand raise triumphantly , to the crowd . trent ( to crowd ) we be go to end violence in this state -- and you can take that to the bank ! ext . armstead house - day a horse in sunshine . pretty oak on a hillside beyond . int . armstead house - bedr00m day Storm blink he eye -- groggy , disorient . he be in bed , just waking up . outside he window : this postcard - perfect ranch scene . have he die and go to heaven ? he can barely absorb it : nature , sunshine , life . Storm peer around . he be alone in a pretty room , with western and Oriental furnishings . he 's safe ; someone have apparently put he to bed , see that he 's comfortable . he remember : the nurse ... Andy . a tv be on at the foot of the bed . Storm squint at the digital clock beside he : 4:17 pm . Storm close he eye . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42. STORM Seven year . he struggle to sit . it take all he strength simply to get half - propped on pillow . something jab he . it 's a tv remote , on the sheet beside he . Storm pick it up . after a beat , he manage to focus on the tv -- tv screen - " geraldo show " ( file tape ) heated argument in progress . suddenly Roy innis leap from he chair , start strangling a white supremacist across from he . melee . the stage flood with shoot , fist-fight man . geraldo 's nose be break ! announcer ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) -- stay tune for more of : best of geraldo ! back to STORM dumbstruck . STORM geraldo ? outside the horse whinnie loudly and rear up on its hind leg . Storm turn toward the horse -- when Storm be turn away from the tv , a 10 - second ad come on . Senator trent wave and smile to a crowd . ad ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) Senator Vernon trent promise : no new tax ! trent ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) and you can take that to the bank ! Storm miss this . he turn back to : tv screen a attractive female spokesperson speak directly and sincerely into camera . female spokesperson ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) -- if you want to sleep with I ... you better wear a pharoah . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. a " product shot " of condom package appear . male announcer ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) pharoah condom . the only safer sex be no sex at all ! STORM certain the world have go insane . int . armstead house - kitchen - day Andy at the wall phone . andy ( into phone ) can not come in to work , be you crazy ?! I can not even go to my apartment ! people be dead , martha ... no , I can not tell you where I be ... you be better off not know -- mini- tv on countertop . on tv : a photo of Storm . Jack esposito report -- andy ( into phone ) I be freaking a.w.o.l. I mean , what be I gonna do with this guy -- ( pace , anxious ) I want to help he ... my God , he need it ... but it 's all over the t.v. , he 's some kind of crooked cop with drug and murder and -- click . Andy turn to see Storm stand there , glower -- he hand on the phone hang - up bar . for half a beat , Andy be frighten : unsure what this man will do . then Storm start to collapse . Andy rush to he , support he . andy it 's okay -- I be here , I be with you . int . armstead house - live room - day Storm on the couch , phone in hand -- Andy across from he . the day 's newspaper before they ... tv on in b.g. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44. STORM ( into phone ) yeah , that esposito . the ignorant fuck who 's broadcasting the news right now . ( listen ) tell he it 's Storm . mason Storm . Storm cup the receiver -- steaming -- wait to be put through . his eye flash to the room , the house ... STORM ( to Andy ) I can not stay here . they will trace you from the hospital in two -- andy ( cut he off ) I tell you -- no one know I be here ! I be house-sitting ... ( out of patience , frustrated and frighten ) this place belong to a doctor friend of my parent . he 's in China now , on research ... will not be back for six month . the medical center only have my apartment address . even my friend do not have this number . ( beat ) will you believe I ?! we be safe here . Storm study she for a long beat . then : a voice come onto the phone line . STORM ( into phone ) esposito ? ( furious ) listen , you sonofabitch -- ext . armstead house ( ojai ) - evening we see a little more of where we be : a pretty little retreat , nestle amid roll hill . with the evening light , the mood seem softer . int . armsteead house - live rocm - evening Storm on a different couch -- very tired . look terrible . Andy sit on the floor at the coffee table -- a convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . phone beside she , the table cover with notepad , scribble page . andy we will find you friend o'malley . we will just keep phone ... STORM listen . I be get out of here . he grab for a cane rest against the sofa . andy ( know he have no chance ) I will buy ticket to that . STORM I just need some food -- and a few day to get my strength . andy day ? try a few week . Storm brace against the cane , ready to try to stand . Andy get up , to catch he . this infuriate Storm 's pride . STORM you help I , okay ? I be grateful . but every day you keep help put you in more danger . andy ( deadpan ) danger be my middle name . this be no joke to Storm . STORM I have be dead , Andy . you would not like it . he try to get up . Andy stop he . andy hey , hey -- I do not think you get the picture here . you muscle have be get electronic stimulation at the hospital , but it 's not like actually be up and bear weight . STORM you be the one who do not get the picture . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46. STORM ( cont 'd ) first of all , I be not no fuck invalid ! and second , I do not have time -- he make it upright , shaking , with a " see , I tell you " look . he start toward the kitchen . Andy look very worried but do not try to stop he . first step -- okay . second -- okay . third -- blam ! the cane slip and he fall flat on he face . too weak to break the fall . low angle - STORM we see he face on the carpet and a mean desperate conviction in this eye not to fail and not to give up . he struggle to rise -- it be pitiful . he 's on he knee growl with effort . cane propped up , he manage to somehow stand again . one step ... two step ... three , four ... he 's absolutely exhaust . boom ! Falls flat again . another low angle Storm 's face on the floor . extreme closeup fury , frustration , despair -- andy grab he arm and help he back onto the couch . she exit the room and come back momentarily with a bowl of rice and begin to try to feed he . of course he take the fork away and try it himself , but by now he arm be so fatigue from the previous strain that they shake , he hand tremble and he miss he mouth -- get the rice all down he beard . spill a little too much to ignore and at first it look like he 's go to explode . he look up at Andy , who look so sad . Storm break out laugh and so do Andy . they howl together for a while and then settle down . now Andy begin to " help " feed Storm . int . armstead house - storm bedroom - night Storm be in bed -- write something on a note pad . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. andy ( next to bed ) mata hari -- at you service . she look at what Storm be write : chinese character . Storm write from top to bottom , straight up and down . STORM just some herb I need for my recovery . she take the list , study it . andy no problem . this be on my list for safeway every day . ext . armstead house - day Andy 's car drive up to the house , pull into the garage . int . armstead house - kitchen - day Andy enter , carry a folder , and stare in surprise . Storm have shave and cut he hair . she obviously approve . she watch for several moment as Storm , weak but on he foot , hold on to the kitchen counter . he step out , in wobbly balance . not too good at first , he try again . this time he do better , but not by much . he turn to look at Andy , conscious of she look of sympathy . STORM ( be : himself ) that bad ... huh ? she silently hand he a set of newspaper photocopy . he glance at they ... at she ... and understand . andy I will be in the other room . Storm slowly seat himself and begin to read . insert - newspaper photocopies one headline : officer slain in allege scandal drug deal fallout suspected second headline with photo of Storm , Felicia , sonny : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. policeman , family slaughtered close - STORM battle he sorry and grief . live room and kitchen - angle - andy she can see Storm in this moment of agony . int . trent's office - day close on tv screen - jack esposito a well - know L.A. anchorman , Jack esposito " whom we glimpse earlier in the mini- tv in the armstead kitchen scene ) , deliver the news . a graphic behind he have a photo of Storm , caption : " coma cop . " esposito ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) -- this reporter be contact personally by the now -infamous ' coma cop ' ... fugitive officer mason Storm -- who until day ago have languish in a seven - year coma . widen shot to reveal trent 's office . trent , Holland and several of trent 's security aide glue to the tube . esposito ( v.o. ) ( from tv ) Storm give I he word that he be innocent of all charge prefer against he in the press -- and that he have access to indisputable proof of this . battle the atrophy cause by seven year of hospitalization , Storm be struggle even now to regain the strength that will enable he to come forward with this evidence . he have promise I and the k.a.b.c. audience a first look at he alleged proof . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . trent turn to he man and to Holland . trent ( indicate esposito on tv ) I want 24 - hour surveillance on this sonofabitch . ext . westwood apartment build - evening a woman in a nurse 's uniform come into view on the sidewalk , trot up the step toward the second floor of the apartment building . angle - dunne and ford revealing that they be watch this from a park car from across the street . they get out , glance around furtively -- int . apartment - evening the nurse be martha -- Andy 's friend from the hospital . she hold a cat in she arm . martha ( woman ) ( respond to interrogation ) I tell you -- Andy 's out of town . I just come by to pick up she cat . dunne where out of town be Andy ? martha I do not know . ( lose patience ) look , I have be question by you cop half a dozen time since Tuesday . I be get a little tired of it . ( beat ) you need a warrant to walk in on someone like this . get the hell out . the cop do not budge . it 's get a little scary . martha then I will get out . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . clutch the cat , she stride for the door . Ford 's foot slide the door shut . he and dunne block martha . ford we will ask you again , martha : where be miss Simpson ? martha back away -- toward a telephone . martha I be call you superior officer to report this . I want both you name and shield number . she pick up the phone . dunne 's enormous hand engulf she wrist , force she to put the phone back in the cradle . the two cop stare at she penetratingly . martha know this be it -- life or death . she hurl the cat into Ford 's face ; the cat claw he , shrieking . martha knee dunne in the ball , bolt -- ext . apartment - walkway - evening martha sprint from the door , toward the stair , scream . martha help ? help I ! Ford appear in the apartment doorway , he face scratch and bleed . he aim he silencer- mount .45 -- angle - top of stair - martha the front of she white uniform erupt in a bloody gush ; she plunge face - first down the flight of stair . angle - bottom of stair martha 's crumpled form . Ford and dunne hurry swiftly down -- pick up she body , drag it a few foot to a smackadjacent steep hillside cover with thick brush . they peer around swiftly to be sure no one have see they , then slide the body under the brush , down the hill . in three second it have slither ten foot down , out of sight . the killer take off . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51. int . armstead house - night Storm have find a zabutone meditation pillow and be sit on he knee in formal japanese posture with black dugi pants and no shirt . he unravel a package with Oriental character handwritten on the outside . in one section : what look like a old wax baggie full of chinese herb . in the other , Storm unfold a pouch contain a assortment of needle : long , short , skinny , fat . Storm finger the needle and find a spot in he shoulder with very bad scar tissue and quickly and coldly stick it in deep . he then twirl and adjust it . it be apparent that he know what he 's do . we stay close on the needle , note the amount in the package have greatly diminish . pull up to reveal Storm , with at least 50 needle stick out of he . he be now freeze deep in meditation . camera circle around he 360 degree -- he be like a japanese statue . montage with score . a ) int . armstead gym - night a impressive home facility with floor - to- ceiling mirror , nautilus equipment , etc . Storm ignore the machine and tentatively select from a old set of weight , hefting they to test he own strength , then begin a slow workout . B ) ext . armstead yard - day Storm perform a series of Eastern exercise : stick , aikido , and meditation . he 's obviously push himself beyond exhaustion ; Andy watch , grow more and more concerned . andy that 's enough ! I do not care how many needle you stick in yourself or how much ginse root you eat ... you have to sleep if you be go to recover . STORM I sleep for seven year ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52. andy that 's a order ! Storm , drip sweat , glower at she for a long beat , then ... relent . she snatch the stick from he hand , haul he toward the house . andy Jesus -- what a patient ! C ) ext . FIRE road - day Storm try to run up a dirt hill . he 's still too weak -- struggle , sweat , strain with fierce determination . D ) int . armstead - gym - night Storm at the " stick point " in a Scott -bench curl . his biceps bulge , vein pop as he strain with all he strength . he ... can not ... quite -- then : he make it ! exhausted . let the bar crash metal - to- metal " ' into its cradle . E ) ext . armstead pool - day Storm swim , slowly gain power . F ) ext . wooded clearing ( armstead be ) - day Storm with two long piece of cut oak . as Andy watch , he lay they side - by-side on the ground and begin to dig a deep narrow hole . he test the hole for depth . when it 's deep enough , he place the board down into the hole and begin to fill it in , pack the earth tightly . he go to the top of the board and around they wrap a length of old hemp rope . around and around . the board stand up about six foot high . Storm step back , observe the height , tap it lightly testing the recoil tension . now he begin to punch it , harder and harder . over and over again . Andy , prepare he lunch , can not keep she eye off he . she be awed by he fire and perseverance . G ) ext . armstead pool - day Andy and Storm churn up the water in a splashy race . she win but not by much . she smile . he do not . she splashes water on he , but he 's not in a playful mood . end montage . music down -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. int . armstead kitchen - night Storm in frustration at the table . Medical chart ... a scribble mess of medication dosage , read , etc andy -- you can not compare blood pressure reading now with when you be in a coma . it 's not go to give a true measure -- STORM what 's this read ? 555 over four digit -- andy that 's crazy -- she snatch the chart , stare at it . andy it 's martha 's chicken scratch . even she can not read them . STORM I will tell you what it be . it 's a phone number . new angle - kitchen - later Andy on the wall phone , Storm listen on a extension . we hear the phone ringing on the other end , then someone pick it up . old lady ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) redondo Beach retirement villa intercut : int . nursing home - old lady at desk andy ( into phone ) I 'm. sorry ... maybe I have the wrong number . I be look for Kevin o'malley . old lady o'malley ? there 's no o'malley here . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. andy my name be Phyllis O'Connor . I be with the pension board of the Los Angeles Police Department . we have a misplace check here for Captain o'malley ... old lady a check ? ( pause ) well , listen ... there 's a big turnover here , people be die all the time , I never know who 's in what bed . can you leave I you number ? Andy glance to Storm , he shake he head : hang up . he hang up he receiver in disgust . andy ( into phone ) I be sorry , we be not allow to do that . Andy hang up . think . ext . retirement home ( redondo beach ) - day Andy get out of she car in a sunny parking lot . she 's wear dark glass and a big floppy hat , so we can barely see she face . she pass a sign : " redondo beach retirement villa . " int . retirement home - office - day Andy sit across from the Old Lady from the phone call . a plaque on the desk read : " henrietta WADE . " both she and Andy look frustrated , irritate . andy Mrs. Wade , I will be honest with you -- I be not from the police pension board . my name be andrea Simpson , I be a nurse from u.c.i. Medical Center . the Lady listen skeptically , revealing nothing . we see that she be in a wheelchair . andy you probably have no connection to this , and what I be about to say ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . andy ( cont 'd ) will sound completely absurd to you . ( beat ) my patient be a police officer name mason Storm . he 's in trouble and need desperately to contact he friend , Captain o'malley . if you have any idea how to contact Captain o'malley , please help I . mrs . WADE ( old lady ) as I have say , miss Simpson , I have already ask everybody in the home . there be no o'malley here . but it 's possible o'malley could be a relative of somebody live here . Sunday be family day . why do not you leave you phone number and I will contact you if I learn anything . andy I can not do that . crestfallen . Andy get up . andy can I phone you ? mrs . WADE ( pleasant ; innocuous ) of course , my dear . closet Andy open the door , reach in for she jacket . suddenly she pause . she see on the closet shelf , amid other clothing : policeman 's cap with a gold shield . Andy make a decision -- find a pad on a table , scrawl a phone number . she hold out the paper . andy ( pointedly ) this be my number , Mrs. o'malley . the Old Lady never bat a eye . mrs . WADE ( correct she ) you mean Mrs. Wade . o' malley be the person you be look for . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . Andy meet she gaze . andy yes ... you be right . I be sorry . ext . wooded clearing - day Storm again approach the makiwara . this time it be almost as if no wall can contain he nothing in he mind can represent a barrier . he have a sense of total domination before he have begin . he begin much harder and faster , continue drive he fist deeper and faster and harder , until even that twelve inch of solid oak be not enough for he . with one lightning blow the oak splinter and fly in half . Storm walk away with a frightening calm -- stalk straight inside toward the gym ... int . armstead gym - night Storm have just finish a major aerobic workout and be now do some strange martial aerobic- type movement . he be sweat profusely and be dress in a tiny black tank top and black sweat pants . camera pan over to a corner mirror and we see Andy peek through a crack in the door . she be enjoy this immensely . she seem to be fight she feeling , and finally she puff up she courage . have make some decision , she enter . andy oh , I be sorry ... I do not mean to interrupt . I , ah , well , I be just pass by and ... they stare at each other in quite a different way . this time it 's obvious what Andy want , and Storm probably want the same thing . but he try very hard to maintain he " one objective " in life -- to get very strong and win the upcoming battle . he look at this woman who now ' look more beautiful than anyone he have ever see . Storm throw down the light weight in he hand and walk up to she . he gently grab the back of she head and pull she hair back and kiss she on the mouth . she seem to explode with passion as she fall to the floor , pull he on top of she . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . they roll in passion grow stronger and stronger . the camera pan to the mirror and we see Andy 's foot move in delight . dissolve to : int . gym . - STORM - later alone , sit up -- bare - chest , glisten with sweat from the lovemake . he glance across at he reflection in the floor - to-ceil mirror . mirror - STORM see himself , just after make love . his wedding ring . andy appear in the doorway , return from the kitchen with a tray and glass . she wear a robe and have that muss , after-lovemake glow . she take one look at Storm and she heart sink . she cross to he -- lower herself gracefully to kneel beside he , set down the tray and glass . STORM ( dead ) thanks . she look at he . she have a good idea what 's torment he mind . she reach she hand , gently touch he shoulder ... Storm pull back . STORM please . he get up , back slowly away from she -- see the pain in she eye , feel he own pain . in frustration , he slam a elbow punch into a piece of gym equipment -- furiously venting rage ! Andy flinch at the sound , the violence . STORM I be sorry -- ( wrack with emotion ) sorry . I -- ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58. STORM ( cont 'd ) ( another furious punch ) why be I still in this fuck cage ?! what 's wrong with my body ? why will not it heal faster ?!! he slam another furious punch . Andy get up , try to approach Storm . andy mason , please ( want to ease he pain ) I love you . STORM do not say that ! andy why not ?! STORM because I can not love you ! do not you see ? it 's seven year to anyone else . but it 's only day for I . Andy draw a sharp , pain breath . STORM how can I be with you ... how can I want you and take you , when -- he can not finish , tear by guilt . he stare at Andy . suddenly he tone become harsh , accusatory . STORM you seduce I . you come in here , look that way , know just what the hell you be do -- andy ( defiant ) yeah , I know . what of it ? I want you -- STORM you have no right to want I ! andy then who do ?! I have risk my life for you -- STORM who ask you to ? not I ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . andy you have not stop I ! STORM then do not risk it ! do not do shit for I ! I do not need you ! for a second it look 's like he 's go to strike she . instead he kick the tray and glass -- which smashes into the floor - to- ceiling mirror , shatter like a bomb ? Andy glare at he , stalk for the door -- ext . apumstead drive - iron gate - night Andy 's car roar out the dirt drive past the iron gate . int . armstead bedrrom - night Storm stalk in , slamm the door behind he -- cross in fury and despair to the desk . on the desktop : the news photo of Felicia , sonny and himself . Storm stare at the photo in agony for a moment , then rip the desk drawer open , rummages fiercely . he find : key ! int . armstead garage - night Storm stride in , punch the garage door button ; the door start to open . he grab the corner of a dusty canvas cover -- jerk it off a army-style Jeep . ext . garage - night the Jeep speed out into the night . ext . cemetery - night the Jeep park at the edge of a cemetery road . STORM stand in the midst of the graveyard , stare at -- three tombstone in the light from the road lamp , we read the name : felicia STORM ... mason STORM ... jeremy " sonny " STORM . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . ext . all - night coffee shop - phone booth - dawn ethnic neighborhood , dodger Stadium visible in b.g. Andy look exhaust , from a night of black coffee and anxiety . now : frustrated by a busy signal . andy ( into phone ) pick up , martha ... pick up . no luck . Andy hang up . ext . chavez ravine STREET and alley - dawn Andy 's car pull past tiere hillside apartment unit , enter a alley behind a row of multi-family dwelling . Andy at the wheel : cautious , peer around . she park in a out -of-sight spot , turn off the engine . int . car - andy the emotion of the parting with mason catch up with she . andy get a hold of yourself , Andy . she wipe she eye , crank the mirror around , try to fix she face . she look like hell . andy ( into mirror , sarcastic ) you be really beautiful . she put on shade , pull up the hood of she sweatshirt . ext . alley - andy get out ... wary . she 's barefoot , just in the jeans she throw on before bolt from armstead 's . ext . two - family dwelling - dawn Andy pad quickly up to a weathered wooden door , knock . no answer . she ring the bell . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61. andy ( call out ) martha ! martha , it 's I -- a neighbor stick he head out next -door . a rough-looking youth in a T-shirt , with he hair muss up from bed . neighbor ( tentatively ) you look for martha coe ? andy yes ... yes -- do you know if she 's home ? the boy get a funny look on he face . neighbor you have not see the news ? ( beat ) she 's dead . they shot she in the back ... over in westwood . Andy react in shock and horror . neighbor ( stare at she ) you look like the woman 's picture on t.v... the one whose house they shot she at -- Andy turn , flee into the alley . angle - alley - andy'' car pull out swiftly into the street . it pass : at curb - unmarked car - ford the killer let Andy 's car pass . ford ( into two - way mike ) you call it right , Max . the bitch show . I be on she ass right now -- ( pull out to follow she ) mount up , boy . two to one she lead we right to we boy Storm . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. ext . amrstead house - morning Storm 's Jeep enter the drive , pull into the garage . Storm shut off the motor . as he step to the floor , a man 's silhouette move into frame behind he . man that 's grand theft , auto . Storm spin . for a second he be ready for anything . then he face soften -- STORM ( with emotion ) o'malley . in the garage doorway stand the friend Storm fear be dead . STORM and o'malley bear hug each other affectionately . int . armstead kitchen - open close on snapshot - day of sonny -- now age 12 -- in a school environment , athletic field , etc . o' malley be with sonny in some of the shot , beam , arm around the boy . o'malley ( o.s . ) -- it 's sonny , all right . believe how big he get ? he can throw a football forty yard -- pull back to reveal -- Storm look up at he friend , too move to speak . o'malley he make it to my house , the night you get shot . I hide he , play it out like he be dead -- even stage a funeral , along with Felicia 's and yours . they buy it . everyone believe he be dead . STORM where be he now ? be he safe ? o'malley trinity School in ventura . under my mother 's maiden name , Wade . no one have any idea he 's you son . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. STORM ( try to absorb it all ) then that be you mother . the one Andy find . o'malley you nurse friend ? yeah . she leave you number , I trace you to here . Storm gaze with great tenderness at the snapshot of sonny . STORM o'mal ... I can never thank you . o'malley just see you ugly ass alive , that 's enough for I . ( beat ) you would not happen to have a beer around this joint -- Storm indicate the fridge . o' malley help himself bring one for Storm . STORM I would give my leave arm to see sonny , just for two minute . but we can not risk it -- not yet . not till I get calabrese . o'malley calabrese ? calabrese 's dead . Storm react . o'malley someone blow the shit out of he cadillac -- six month after you ' die . ' STORM ( understand ) he do he thing -- then they wax he . Storm 's wheel be turn . STORM the two guy at the pier . they order the hit on I too . ( beat ) and I have get them on film . still in the camera , right where I leave it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64. ext . pacific coast highway - day Andy 's car drive north , back to the armstead house . Ford in he car keep a discreet distance back . angle - ford' car as another car carry three man ( include Jones , the cop we remember who answer Andy 's phone call from the coma ward ) pull up alongside . Ford point ahead , toward Andy 's car . the new car slip in behind Ford 's , tailing Andy . int . armstead live room - day coffee table pile with the news clipping Storm have be study this past day . o'malley -- that night in the hospital , I find the audiotape ... in you vest . I must have listen to it a thousand time -- look for little quirk in the voice , phrase they repeat ... his look show he come up with nothing . STORM where be the tape ? o'malley I turn it in for evidence . Storm scowl . 0'malley do not worry , I make a duve . I will get it for you . meanwhile maybe this will cheer you up . from o'malley 's briefcase come .45 automatic , three empty clip and a box of glazer ammo . Storm take the weapon with pleasure . check the action , heft it for weight . he glance at o'malley -- two old comrade , ready to get back in action . suddenly a bit of sadness cross Storm 's face . STORM what happen , o'mal ? to you ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . o' malley begin load the clip : grim , almost heartbroken . 0'malley I be on the case , try to find who pull the trigger on you . but it be like swim through shit . people keep tell I to back off . then one morning , the phone ring . immaculate heart emergency : someone run my mother off the road , she back 's break , she 's paralyze . STORM ( painful , emotion ) I be sorry , o'mal . o'malley that night there 's a note in my locker -- let I know it 's not a accident . he look at Storm , torment . o'malley you know I , Storm . I never would have back off . but there be sonny to worry about too . what if they find he ? what if they find you ? STORM you do the right thing , o'mal . Storm take a load clip from he friend , slam it into the butt of the .45 . he jack the slide back and let it slam home -- chamber a round . STORM we will get them , buddy . every fuck one of they . ext . armstead driveway - day o' malley in he car , in gear . Storm by the driver 's door . STORM get sonny out of that school , o'mal . right now . with I alive and make a stink , whoever 's on that film be go to be look harder than ever for sonny -- just to get to I . get he someplace safe ... three thousand mile away if you have to . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66. o'malley consider it do . STORM I be go straight to get that film . when you have get sonny safe , bring I the audiotape . we will put them together and get them to esposito for the t.v. news . that should be quite a show . o'malley you get it , partner . ( start to back out ) you can always reach I through my mother . ( pause , shifting to forward ) what about that nurse ? she still in this ? STORM gone. ( with pain ) for the best . for she best . o'malley thanks for the brew ! he speed off . Storm stand , think -- int . armstead bedroom - day Storm enter , still deep in think . racking he brain -- subliminal flash - ext . dock - night ( footage from previously shot scene ) the two shadow men. obscure ... in darkness -- back to armstead bedroom - STORM move to the bed . the tv set edge into frame -- subliminal flash - ext . dock - night ( footage from previously shot scene ) the tall shadow man , start to edge into the light . almost , but not ... quite -- back to arimstead bedroom - STORM convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. sit on bed -- identical angle include tv to when he half hear the tv ad for trent 's campaign . STORM ( it all come together ) I be gonna take you to the bank , Senator trent . the blood bank . Storm 's vengeance look . suddenly o.s. -- a car ! int . vestibule - day Storm poise inside the front door -- .45 in hand . in walk ... Andy ! she nearly faint at the sight of the pistol levele between she eye . Storm instantly jerk the weapon back . they stand there stare at each other . andy martha 's dead . Storm take Andy in he arm . she weep , sobbing . feeling all the tension and terror of the past day -- yet somehow know she 's safe in the arm of this man she love . andy I will not leave you . not ever again . STORM I will not let you . Storm hold she , know he love she . STORM o' malley be here . andy here ? how do you find he ? STORM you find he . the old lady be he mother . ( beat ) and Andy ... my son 's alive . Andy raise she face to Storm 's , she eye welling with emotion . he kiss she . they be stand there , just inside the front door , which have a wood bottom - half and a frost - glass top-half . suddenly : Storm jerk Andy sideways into the room with all he strength ! he dive with she as - convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68. the top of the front door explode inward in a shower of fly glass ! boom ! boom ! boom ! Three more point- blank shotogun blast blow the rest of the door to hell . angle - hallway Storm hurl Andy so hard and fast it look like she will land in piece . he somehow end up in front of she on the floor as a mask man plunge through the front door into the hallway , shotgun spin to cover he advance . too late . we hear two loud round and the mask man 's head snap violently back and he fall into a pile . ext . armstead house - day Jones and Ford pull mask over they face and sprint for the other door . both carry assault rifle . a enormous powerful third man ( Joe bear ) , he mask already in place , vault to low balcony , haul himself up to a second story window -- he huge bowie knife glint in the sun . int . hallway - STORM and andy hurry toward a staircase , they attention focus behind they -- on the first floor . int . house - upstair - interior balcony Joe bear wait conceal at the top of the stair , on a interior balcony overlook the live room , atrium-style . through the mouth open of he ski mask , we see he be smile a sick smile -- and sensually stroking he bowie knife . angle - tracking - STORM Storm and Andy scramble up the staircase onto the atrium balcony and out step Joe bear with he knife and he smile . Joe bear , for the first time in he life , be surprised when Storm smile too . Joe bear scream like a animal and lunge with he knife . Storm stab out he leave arm like a spear and tilt he body ever so slightly , then clamp Joe bear 's wrist with he right hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . allow he tremendous momentum to culminate like a hurricane , Storm manipulate he in a full circle , catapult Joe bear unbelievably into a tall t'ang dynasty cabinet fill with priceless Oriental artifact ! live room Ford and Jones , mask , hurtle into the live room , just below the atrium balcony . they raise they automatic weapon , but before they can fire -- STORM hurl Joe bear 's massive body down upon the attacker ! Jones take the tonnage head - on and be crush beneath it ! Ford dodge , unleash a burst of automatic FIRE straight up at the balcony . Storm shove Andy to safety onto the exterior balcony and dive there himself , just as the whole interior balcony be riddle by Ford 's bullet ! Ford bolt for the staircase , come after Storm . Storm , crouch around the corner on the exterior balcony , wait till Ford hurtle into view at the top of the staircase . Storm fire he .45 furiously ... Ford spring back , Storm 's bullet blast the staircase wall to ribbon . his .45 click empty ! ext . balcony - STORM rip a magazine from he pocket , slam it into the butt of he .45 , reloading . he have it half - raise when : Ford appear -- right in he face , assault rifle levele at Storm 's gut . Storm strike a instantaneous blow , send the rifle fly . in one motion , he pinwheel Ford over he head , send he fly off the exterior balcony and crash down into the Oriental fountain below ! ext . armstead house - balcony and fountain Storm swing down to the ground . Andy leap into he arm , he break she fall and help she alight safely . he reach to Ford in the fountain , rip the mask off he face . he recognize the man . STORM I know this fuck . he 's a cop ! front side of house - STORM and andy convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . race into view , leap aboard the jeep , FIRE it up and fly . two more masked men appear run down the drive -- shotgun and assault rifle train on Storm and Andy . they begin to FIRE . Andy can not shoot and Storm can not drive and shoot at the same time , so he do what be logical for he -- he keep the pedal to the metal and chase they . bullet from the two man obliterate the Jeep 's windshield . buckshot riddle the vehicle everywhere . Andy be on the floor of the Jeep . Storm be periodically ducking . he be bleed we do not know from what or how bad -- and then blam ! -- mask man # 1 's body be airborne . this make # 2 think ... and run very fast . ext . teahouse - day he be sprinting the 100 in 5 flat -- racing for the tea house . he make it inside and dive for a good position to resume fire , but there be not enough time . Storm just drive right through the front of the tea house and over the assassin 's body ! the jeep roar out of the flatten tea house and keep on haul ! ext . armstead ground - jeep roar across the terrain ... past the horse , ostrich , etc . jeep' Pov the heavy iron gate straight ahead . STORM slam through the metal gate with jeep blasting it . oncoming vehicle Captain Holland ! -- in the car as a passenger , with another plainclothes cop . the fly gate send glass in all direction , as Storm swerve in he Jeep to avoid the car . Storm freak , see Holland as Holland 's car be force off the road . Storm skid into a wild 180 -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . STORM ( gun in hand , head back ) Holland ! the other man on the dock -- andy be you crazy ?! get we outa here -- Holland and the driver be out of they car , gun draw . Ford race up , reinforce they . he have a assault rifle -- storm jeep swerve as bullet smack into it ! protect Andy with he body , he race off down the mountain road at high speed . int . oxmalley' car - moving - day the unmistakable sound of a tire blowing out . o'malley shit ! ext . highway one - day o' malley 's car limp to the roadside , in view of a sign : " ventura 21 . " o' malley get out in frustration -- ext . trinity boy ' prep ( ventura ) - soccer field - long lens - sonny STORM - ( slow motion ) - day we first live look at Storm 's son as a twelve - year-old . wearing colorful soccer dud and trinity prep athletic shirt . he look terrific , like a young colt -- free and fearless -- he shiny hair fly as lie run down a soccer ball in the pell - mell action of a eighth - grade game . the feel of this slow motion portrait be diametrically opposite to the corruption and duplicity in the world of the movie so far . in contrast , sonny 's world seem pure and unsully -- youthful and untouched by the harsh reality of the world . we watch sonny and he teammate long enough to absorb he vigorous , full - of - life energy . then : back focus to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72. max dunne and nolan stride swiftly . toward sonny . they dark plainclothes suit in grim contrast to the colorful soccer uniform -- sonny ( slow motion ) he fall ! the rush of soccer action sweep past he , down the field . sonny -- all attention focus on the game -- scramble to he foot , leg churn to take off in pursuit of he friend . just as he get he traction : max dunne ( normal speed ) out of nowhere scoops sonny up in he brawny , brutal arm ! sonny cry out and try to resist , but -- downfield - soccer player they do not hear , lose in they own action and cheer . back to sonny dunne and nolan hustle he swiftly toward they car . already they be well away from the field , move fast downfield sideline the soccer coach turn back . we see he shout , he arm raise in a gesture of urgency -- downfield - soccer player they turn back , too . long angle - sonny , dunne and nolan into dunne 's car . the car speed off . ext . storm old house - Pov through jeep windshield - moving - day as the house whip int0 view and the jeep brake hard to stop . this be the house from the film 's open -- the one Storm , Felicia and sonny live in seven year ago . it be undergo a remodeling now . carpenter 's and plasterer ' truck in the driveway -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. int . jeep - across STREET - STORM and andy Storm yank up the brake , full of urgency -- pull out he gun . andy what the hell be you do ?! STORM we just make the top of the chart , Andy . every cop in the city think we shot we way out of a legitimate bust -- andy there be no cop here ! STORM only ' cause they be too stupid . ( cock the slide , ready to go ) we need that film and we do not need any bullshit -- ext . house - front walk - day Andy make Storm put the gun away . andy goddamit ... for once , do something the non-violent way ! Storm be reacting to the sight of he old home -- the first time he 's see it since the slaughter seven year ago . he struggle with he pain and rage . Andy , aware of he turmoil , take he hand . her hair be do up in a businesslike style ; she wear a jacket and carry a briefcase . they cross to the front door -- int . storm house - entryway - day a pleasant , chatty ( and very pregnant ) housewife speak through the open door to Storm and Andy . sound of hammering , etc . in other room o.s . housewife -- gee , my husband and I be not really think about sell . in fact , we be add a nursery -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . andy oh , that 's the best time for we to see it ! then when you do come to sell , we office will know the upgrade you have make and we can market you home more effectively . two plasterer troop past , a carpenter with they . housewife Hell , come on in . everyone else do . Storm and Andy enter . Andy immediately begin to steer the housewife away from the kitchen , into the live room . " oh what a cute place ! I would love to see what you be do with the nursery ... " int . kitchen - day Storm casually linger behind , drift into the kitchen . he cross immediately to the alcove where , seven year earlier , he stashed the camera case . but the spot have be remodel ! there 's a new wall there ! STORM New wall ... fuck yuppy ! without hesitation , he slam he fist through -- wall bang ! gypsum wallboard splinter , revealing a fake panel of brick adjacent to a real brick wall , six inch behind the new wallboard . Storm reach into the hole , yank out the camera case . he shake he sore knuckle from the blow as : housewife and andy arrive from the live room . the housewife stare in shock at this strange man -- with he hand halfway through she new wall . housewife ( very cool ) just check for termite he tuck the camera case under he arm -- take Andy by the elbow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . STORM ( to housewife ) better have this place fumigate -- quick . he lead Andy out -- crisply , businesslike . housewife stand there dumbfounded . across from century plaza HOTEL - phone booth - day Storm pause in mid-conversation , drop the phone receiver from he ear . think fast , troubled . Andy beside he ... both of they keep they face obscure as moviegoer and business people pass . STORM ( to Andy ) o' malley leave he mother 's place three hour ago -- with the tape . he should be at the school by now , but she have not hear back from he . several people pass , glance curiously at Storm . he avert he face , get even more antsy . the camera case under he arm . andy ( be : people stare ) fuck the tape . we gotta get this film to esposito or I be gonna have a nervous breakdown . Storm know this , too -- put the receiver back to he ear . STORM ( into phone ) Mrs. o'malley . sorry ... listen . we be outside the century Plaza now ... the hotel . right , right . the one in century City . okay , listen closely ... ( make this very clear ) tell o' mal to leave a message for we at the hotel desk . leave it for Andy ... andrea Smith . we be not gonna check in , it 's too dangerous -- but the desk will hold the message if you tell they we be come in this afternoon . get it ? great . you be a champ , Mrs. ' 0 . ' convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . Storm hang up , peer around uneasily -- take Andy by the elbow ... STORM you be gonna call esposito . but not from this phone . angle - plaza Storm and Andy hurry off . montage with score . tension , urgency increase -- a ) int . redondo beach retirement - villa - office - day Mrs. o' malley hang up she phone , finish scribbling the note she take from Storm . camera move in on the office window . through the window , outside down the block , we see ... a nondescript sedan -- B ) ext . STREET outside retirement villa - sedan - day two man inside . one wear earphone . he take they off -- shoot a look of satisfaction to the other man . C ) ext . trinity prep ( ventura ) - MAIN build - day o' malley hurry from he car in the lot toward the school 's main administration building . D ) angle - administration build a priest and the soccer coach hurry from the building , toward o'malley . we see the three man confer urgently . o' malley react with extreme alarm . he hurry , with the two other , into the building -- E ) int . jeep - moving - angle on STORM - day scowl , as a car pass and its occupant seem to stare at the Jeep . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . F ) ext . silver lake STREET - day Storm 's jeep brake hard at a stoplight , next to four bad - look latino youths in a rag camaro . the dude check Andy out lasciviously . STORM hey , hermano ! you want this Jeep ? he pull the key from the ignition , hold they up . youth # 1 how hot be it ? STORM fuckin ' smoking . the youth look to each other . then to the piece of shit they be drive . in they head , they have already get the Jeep stripped , repaint , etc . youth # 1 we get it , my man . in ten second , everyone have switch car -- both vehicle roar off in different direction . montage end , music down -- ext . L.A. zoo - parking lot - day Storm 's camaro park discreetly . Storm get out -- wary , camera case on a strap from he shoulder . kid and mom , other zoo - goer come and go . angle - camaro - STORM and andy Andy move uneasily behind the wheel . andy ( check watch , nervous ) esposito will not be here yet . he say three - thirty . STORM he will be there . Storm adjust he jacket to conceal he .45 . peer around . he pass the camera case back in to Andy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78. STORM try o' malley one more time . ( ready to go ) if you hear any lion roaring , haul ass . Andy look at he with fearful concern . STORM do not worry . I be a big boy . a grin . a touch -- ext . zoo - atmosphere shot - day a lion . elephant . kid chomping candy apple . etc. ext . zoo path - STORM move through the scene . tense , but casual ... blend in . ext . another zoo walkway - sto 'rim so far so good . Zoo goer more interested in chimp and boa constrictor . ext . plaza outside gorilla compound - esposito the tv reporter we remember from earlier in the film , the one Storm be now go to meet . he stand nervously outside , smoking . we hear one of the great ape bellow - angle - gorilla compound - STORM enter the plaza . he spot esposito . start forward . suddenly Storm slow -- angle on esposito as Max dunne move into frame seize esposito -- subtly , not draw any attention . another man in a suit reinforce dunne from the other side . esposito show terror , but no surprise . clearly the man have have the drop on he for several minute -- but there be nothing he could do about it . dunne 's posture indicate he have a conceal gun press to esposito 's rib . dunne and Storm make eye contact . the message be clear : try anything and esposito die . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . as dunne and the other man hustle esposito from the plaza -- another security -type in suit move into Storm 's peripheral vision . coat over he arm , conceal a short - barrel automatic weapon . security -type someone want to talk to you , Storm . the man gesture with he coat arm . Storm 's eye follow to : storm Pov - park bench - trent the Senator himself . Big , as life and cool as a cucumber . alone and unrecognize on a bench , shelling and munch from a bag of peanut . behind he : a cage vulture . angle - park bench as Storm move into frame . he stop , stand above trent . trent what a day , huh ? beautiful ! ( squint up at Storm , offer bag of nut ) want some nut ? Storm make no move . STORM I have not get the film on I . trent ( breezily ) I do not think you would . ( clear space beside he ) sit down . take a load off . Storm glance to the coat-over - the-arm -man , who have take up a subtle position about twenty foot away . after a beat ... Storm sit . trent you do have the film somewhere , I assume ? Storm 's hard look say yes . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80. trent develop yet ? STORM still in the camera . trent good . very good . that way I know you have not duplicate it . Storm inch slightly closer . STORM you know , trent ... I could rip you fuck throat out before that sonofabitch over there could find the spit to sneeze . trent oh , I be sure you could , Storm . ( keep munch peanut ) but not before one of that other gentleman , across the way , could put a fifty - caliber slug through you brainpan . angle - nearby rooftop - two sniper nicely conceal atop one of the zoo building -- they gun zeroed on Storm 's skull . back to bench - STORM and trent STORM very well place , trent . but do you know that human reaction time -- even the fastest -- be between half and three - quarter of second ? and in that time , I could easily -- like lightning , Storm lunge for trent ... whip behind he , seize he throat and haul trent 's body into the line of fire -- as a shield protect Storm ! trent you could kill I now , Storm -- but you will die two second later . STORM you think I care , motherfucker ? just so I get you -- one way or the other . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. then , a voice from o.s. dunne ( o.s. ) maybe you care about this , asshole . max dunne twenty foot away -- both hand up -- hold a bay 's athletic shirt ... " trinity ventura . " STORM and trent Storm : stunne . trent reach into my jacket pocket . ( when Storm hesitates ) reach in ! Storm pull out a Polaroid snapshot . stare at it . insert - polaroid snapshot it 's sonny , look terrify , in some murky environment -- dunne and another man ( nolan ) smile with they arm around the boy . back to scene Storm release trent . the Senator straighten he tie and jacket . trent I want that film and the tape . I will give you three hour . Storm stand . dunne face he . the sniper behind he . STORM ( to trent ) just tell I one thing . who pull the trigger on I and my wife ? trent ( sadistic irony ) hate poison people . let go of it . Storm glare at trent . dunne take a step forward . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. dunne ( to Storm ) I miss you kid seven year ago . but I will not miss tonight . Storm glower with fury . trent hand Storm a business card . trent bring that film , Mr. Storm . Three hour . ext . playa vista power plant - night tower smokestack silhouett against black sky . deep rumble of dynamos , turbine -- int . power plant - equipment room - night a mesh -enclose space above the main dynamo room . deafen din of turbine generator below . a bulb illuminate sonny sit rigidly on a metal chair . nolan , a cop we see earlier in the film , and turner ( whom we have not see before ) play card , make sure sonny go nowhere . nolan ( be : power plant ) it 's fun , huh , kid ? kinda like a field trip . sonny glower . there 's a lot of he father in he . sonny I be remember both of you . and when my dad get here -- turner he 's gonna have a long trip , kid -- start from Forest lawn . they both laugh derisively . nolan by the time this night 's over , you old man'll have a use for that phony grave of he . a wall - mount phone ring . nolan pick it up . he listen seriously for a long beat . nolan yeah ... yeah -- we will be right down . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83. he hang up , stand . so do Turner . they exit the wire - mesh space , re-close the door on sonny . nolan ( to sonny ) we will come back with you french fries . ( padlock the door ) do not leave home without we . angle - stairway down from equipment room nolan and Turner clump down and away , laugh and make wisecrack . int . equipment room - sonny he wait till they be out of sight , then swiftly mount a tall equipment box that reach almost to the ceiling . he shove a few box out of he way , revealing -- wire mesh hatch in the mesh ceiling of the room . sonny flop onto he back atop the tall equipment box , kick up hard -- the hatch pop open ! angle - roof of equipment room - sonny climb out onto the " roof " of the room . he see a short catwalk lead to the huge , high wall of the dynamo room . against the wall be big window . sonny scoot to the window , which be crack open awning style . he peer out and down . sonny'' Pov a 30 - foot drop to the pavement below . ext . power plant - night sonny shin down a pipe as niftily as a spider monkey ! ext . power plant - lot - night sonny scamper across the darken lot , head for the traffic and headlight on the pch . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. ext . redondo beach retirement villa - night a cab pull into the curb outside Mrs. o' malley 's place , sonny spring out . we see the cabbie shouting after he -- and sonny argue , gesture toward the nursing home . Mrs. o' malley emerge from the nursing home wheelchair . sonny rush to she ... they embrace joyfully . o' malley come out too , more cautiously than he mother . he be armed . he also hurry to sonny , hug he tight . sonny malley ! o'malley it 's okay , sport . it 's okay ... it 's okay -- still hugging sonny , o'malley shove a bill at the cabbie . whatever it be , the cabbie be thrilled . he boogy off ecstatically . int . camaro - moving - night Storm wheel the car at high speed -- super-intense , clutching a tiny chain - link " low - rider " steering wheel . andy be that a steering wheel -- or a winchell 's donut ? Storm have no time for humor -- he twist the wheel , flooring the accelerator . ext . STREET - night the camaro roar through a hairy turn . ext . redondo retirement villa - office window - night through the window we see o'malley on the phone , speak urgently . he finish , hang up - angle - front door of nursing home o' malley emerge with sonny , carry a travel bag . the boy and o'malley quickly hug Mrs. o'malley , then stride swiftly out toward o'malley 's car . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . up block from nursing home - sedan the car with the two surveillance man we see before , wait , hide in shadow . the man watch -- oxmalley' car with sonny aboard , pull out . sedan pull out after it . ext . century plaza HOTEL - entryway - night two unmark sedan whip in and stop ... door open ... out come Ford , Jones and two plainclothesmen . they give curt instruction to the valet and hurry inside -- int . century plaza - lobby - night the man fan out nonchalantly . Jones approach the -- message desk jone ( display badge and warrant ) I need to check any message for a miss andrea Smith . the desk clerk quickly scan the message slot . desk clerk I be sorry . I see no slot for that name -- jone she have not check in yet . but she 's due here . someone might have leave a message for she . the clerk find the slot . desk clerk here it be . there 's just one message . Jones take the message slip . Ford and one of the plainclothesmen join he -- the three move aside , confer briefly . Ford and the cop move off . Jones cross back to the desk clerk , hand the message slip back to he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. jone you can put this back now . ( significantly ) you never see I . ( indicate other cop ) you never see this guy . the clerk nervously replace the message slip . dissolve to : int . century plaza HOTEL - lobby - night open on : ford in a subtle position near the lobby entrance . jone half -hidden at a corner of the cocktail pit .. two plainclothesmen disperse at angle across from the message desk . ext . century plaza - entry drive - night Storm 's camaro pull and park . Storm and Andy , very wary , step out . int . century plaza - lobby - night Andy enter first , Storm half a step behind she like a bodyguard . his eye move everywhere -- ford slip back out of sight . jone do the same . message desk and alcove Storm drop away from Andy , about ten foot from the desk , slip subtly toward a alcove . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. Andy cross to the desk -- we see she speak to the clerk and the clerk hand she the message slip . she scan it hastily , excited by what she read -- move quickly back to Storm . andy sonny get away ! he 's with o'malley ! o' malley 's gat the tape -- they be head for Union Station . Storm :. ecstatic . he grab Andy , ready to exit . suddenly , he freeze -- storm Pov he spot Ford ! STORM he eye flash across the lobby . he spot : jone STORM shield Andy . plainclothesman # 1 step out , whipping out he badge . suddenly Storm grab the cop with the badge in front of he face and use he as a human batter ram for he and Andy to escape , plunging the man through two layer of glass window of the adjoin hertz rental office and out into the street in front of the hotel ! Andy follow through the newly form exit . people scream . Chaos . the other cop react in pursuit of Storm and Andy . ext . century plaza HOTEL - night Storm dump he " batter ram body " and he and Andy sprint toward the valet booth at the main entrance of the hotel , where numerous car be coin and go . valet area the valet be a big fat man in a red beefeater costume . he be presently hand key to a large " good old boy " -- boot , ten -gallon hat and all . tex be just lay a bill in the beefeater 's hand , and start to stuff he too - large frame into a sleek gullwing speedster with its door pop up . before he can , we see he take a fly seat on the road as Storm and Andy shove in and -- convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88. avenue of the star instantly the gullwing be in flight -- screeching away from the hotel entrance , across the median and the decorative fountain that separate the Avenue of the star . but almost equally as fast , two cop car start to close in on he . it look like Storm be trap ! but he slam the pedal to the metal and blast between they , escape . as the two cop car crash into each other -- ford and jone on foot , catch up to the scene . too late . ford get the goddam car ! they run off . a crowd of theatergoer stare in bewilderment at the scene of chaos . ext . avenue of the star - night the gullwing thunder off into the night . int . union station - night 0 ' malley scan the monitor above the ticket seller 's window . the 11:10 to albuquerque leave on track 12 . the wait area be quiet at this time of night except for a few traveler and straggler . sonny Storm , quiet and apprehensive , focus on tear open the packet of mustard for he hot dog . he sit on top of a batter suitcase . o' malley return with the ticket and sit next to sonny on a bench . o'malley be careful you do not get any of that guck on you sweater ... let I comb you hair before you old man get here , it 's stinking up in the back . o' malley take a comb out of he jacket pocket . sonny quit it , will you ... you be make I more nervous than I be already . my father 's go to be more interested in see the real I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . nevertheless o'malley try to comb sonny 's hair . sonny push the comb aside . o'malley I think I be more nervous than you be , kid . we get out of my mother ' place about two shake ahead of the landlord ... know what I mean ? sonny my dad will get them . you guy will nail they all . ( beat , thoughtful ; then ) you think he 's gonna like I ? o'malley do a bear dump in the wood ? be you kid -- he 's gonna love you . sonny let I see the ticket . do you get we one of that sleep car ? what time be he get here anyway ? o'malley soon ... just then , o'malley become aware of a bad vibe in the air . a foreign presence . nolan , and Turner have follow he and sonny from Mrs. o' malley 's house . now they approach -- nolan ( call out ) hey , o'malley ! Long time no see. ( approach ) take a trip somewhere ? o' malley slip the tape from he pocket , place it under sonny 's jacket on the bench without miss a beat , as he calmly start to rise . o'malley ( to sonny , under he breath ) make sure you father get this ... ( to nolan ) yeah . I and my son be visit my mother in New Mexico . o' malley get up , start to move toward the man . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . nolan you son , huh ? that 's funny . he do not look much like you -- ( to he partner ) do he , Turner ? they both laugh . turner look a lot like mason Storm . o' malley and the man come to face - off point , stare at each other . nolan enough of this fuck around . we want the tape . clunk ! o.s. we hear a clatter echo . sonny have pick up he jacket . the tape have fall onto the marble floor ! o'malley sonny -- run ! sonny snatch up the tape and leap over the bench , racing toward the rear doorway head for the street . nolan and Turner start to run after he . o' malley throw a fierce body block on both man , send all three crash into a big , load luggage cart . o' malley find he foot first as all three struggle to get up . nolan start to pull he gun . o' malley grab a heavy metallic suitcase and smashes nolan in the face with all he strength . nolan crash backward against Turner , toppling they both into a huge 25 - foot lighting installer 's ladder -- which now start -- to cave over , pull a string of dozen of big industrial globe plummete to the floor and exploding into thousand of tiny shard ! people scream . o' malley shove the luggage cart at the man and race for the door -- ext . union station - night sonny have make he way into the parking area , amidst dozen of car , but he have stop -- look back fearfully , worried about o'malley . o' malley burst from the exit . o'malley ( shout ) go! sonny -- get outta here ! in front of the station , a cab be jack up ; the driver replace a flat . o' malley start to run toward sonny past the cab , when suddenly : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91. he be shot in the back by nolan ! his lurching bulk crash into cab , knock it off its jack to the ground . the tire iron ( that 's use as a jack handle ) spring loose , onto the ground near o'malley . see the gunman , sonny in horror crawl under a car . the cab driver flee for he life . o' malley spin back , draw and try to fire at the oncoming nolan and Turner -- but he be shot twice in the stomach . Turner kick o'malley in the hand , send the gun fly off under the cab ! nolan get the kid ! he 's under the car ! nolan and Turner sprint off after sonny . sonny roll from under one to another . nolan and Turner try to trap he , peer under the car -- but sonny be too agile and cat-like . Turner crouch down , spot sonny . turner give we the tape , kid -- and we will take you home . sonny fuck you , Jack ! Turner aim he gun . suddenly : his head turn to squash as : a bloody o' malley stand over he , bashing he with a tire iron ! a crowd of bystander scream in horror at this horrendous sight . ext . alameda STREET - night a block from Union Station , the gullwing screech into view . ext . union station - parking lot - night nolan come around the end of the car , see o'malley -- stand over the dead Turner with a tire iron in he hand . it be clear o'malley be about to die . but still he stagger toward nolan , raise the tire iron . nolan , gun in hand , watch incredulously . o' malley stagger another step . sonny have crawle out from under the car ; he see this . o' malley stagger another step . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. o'malley ( to nolan , die ) you do not deserve to wear you badge . with he last fail strength , o'malley raise the tire iron . nolan pump he once , square in the chest , kill he . sonny scream and flee in fear for he life . nolan race after he . between the maze of park car . sonny , dodging , in between the endless row . meanwhile a small crowd have gather around the mortally wounded o'malley . suddenly , o.s. we hear the screeching of tire . the crowd react as the gullwing blast into the lot , roaring straight toward nolan and the terrorize sonny . finally , unable to get any closer , Storm leap out of the gullwing , onto the hood of a car and race across the rooftop of one vehicle after another , close in on nolan and sonny . Andy stop in horror beside the deathly stricken o'malley . on sonny unaware of Storm -- try to escape from he pursuer . nolan cursing and unable to gain ground on the fleet - foote -- now actually raise he gun . suddenly : STORM from the roof of the next - to- last car roof in a line of park vehicle soar through the air like a night eagle - set what look like a new world record in the long jump -- surprising nolan from the rear ! slam the cop to the ground in instant death . crack he neck . sonny stop . gasp , breathless -- see the father he have not see in seven year . STORM relieved and overwhelm , grab he son and lift he off the ground in a moment of salvation and triumph . they hold each other with all they strength . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. however they moment be incomplete , as sonny be visibly distraught about the stricken o'malley , beginning to sob at the loss of he surrogate father . Storm turn and start to move toward -- o'malley - on ground Andy ... the crowd around o'malley . sonny break through , with Storm half a pace behind . sonny kneel , embrace he fall friend . Storm join he son , kneel alongside he , both mourn the loss of they dearest comrade . andy watch they . touched deeply . then : o.s. siren ! ext . alameda STREET - night two police car roar into view , racing for the station . back to parking lot Storm jump up -- turn sonny over to Andy , hurry they into a nearby cab . the cab take off . int . cab - moving Andy and sonny topple into the back seat . the driver pick up on all the frenzy . driver where to ? andy that 's a good question . out of here for sure . andy turn with sonny to see Storm , through the back window of the cab , look after they protective -- full of emotion . sonny ( to Andy ) where be we go ? who be you ? andy think for a moment . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94. andy it 's a long story . you get a few minute ? ext . parking lot - STORM leap aboard the gullwing , roar out of the lot -- thunderstorm - night ( stock ) forked lightning blaze above Los Angeles , thunder boom -- stand of palm illuminate by lightning ... rain sheet past ... wind ripping the frond in a rattling maelstrom -- ext . trent mansion - rain - night no sentries , no dog . only a high gate and fence surround the fort- like mansion . STORM swiftly slide through the shadow , he move around the perimeter , pause to examine thing , search for something . he find a old storm gate to what would probably be a cellar or basement . int . trent mansion - sporting room - night rain loud outside . Holland , dunne , Ford and Jones . half - tank , shoot pool to pass the time and cool they raw nerve . no one armed . dunne ( angry , defend himself ) what do we have to do , Holland drive a fuck stake through he heart ? holland I will settle for a bullet . Holland and dunne exchange furious glare . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . holland you have he point-blank seven year ago , and he 's still walk ! ford he will not be for long . not with he picture on every t.v. in -- holland fuck he picture ! get off you ass -- ( wave they to get out of here ) start earning you money ! Holland grab he shoulder holster off the back of a chair , stalk angrily toward a rear door . the other glower as Holland pound off into the rear of the house . dunne sling a cue ball the length of the table , break the rack with a crack like a pistol shot . the ball ricochet into each other and the cushion in a futile expression of rage and frustration . suddenly : STORM out of nowhere appear at the door opposite the one Holland just leave by . he be drip from the rain and have a .45 point at they with one hand , while with the other he hold a finger to he lip as if to say , " shhh , do not wake the baby . " dunne , ford and jone do not know whether to shit or go blind . STORM how 's the action , boy ? mind if I play ? glance from the man toward the couch at the rear of the room , on which rest they jacket and shoulder holster . Storm : totally aware of every aspect of the situation . STORM I know what you guy be think . you be think I could not play with this gun in my hand . right ? pause as the man stand in extreme anticipation . then : Storm holster he gun . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . STORM well ? somebody hand I a cue . there be a brief moment of hesitation and a look of disbelief between the boy and then , boom ! Ford try to hand Storm a pool cue as if Storm 's head be a baseball and the cue be a bat . this do not work very well , as Storm enter and simultaneously grab Ford 's cue , use he momentum to slam he head down onto the edge of the pool table . we hear Ford 's skull crack and he go down . almost instantly another pool cue in Jones 's hand slashes toward Storm 's head . this time Storm have he own tool -- and take he cue to intercept the one about to connect with he head . he again use the power of the attacker 's momentum and as soon as he cue go down , so do Storm 's , onto the back of Jones 's skull with so much force we hear the neck SNAP at the same time the cue splinter in half ! Storm be leave with the jag tip of the skinny end . dunne , know he will never make it in time to the couch at the rear of the room , lunge at Storm with a butcher knife he seize from a tray of cold cut on a side table . Storm trap the knife , and quickly guide it into dunne 's midsection . with the other hand he raise the sharpen end of the pool stick and slam it down dunne 's throat via the windpipe ! STORM that 's for my wife . fuck you and die . dunne fall to he knee and just stare . Storm do a fly kick to he chin , break he neck . the room now finish , he turn and exit . indoor pool Holland pour himself a nervous drink . he pace , tracking trent who 's do a gentle breaststroke . trent I want dunne and the other here . that goddamn Storm be nut enough to come after I -- holland he 's nut -- but not that nut . Holland watch trent swim a few more stroke , then turn and head away down a short hallway . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . int . bathroom - holland as he lift the toilet seat to pee , he find a handwritten note on the seat . shock , he nervously look around . see nothing , he pick up the note and read it . insert - note anticipation of death be worse than death itself . holland a faint smile come to he face with great confidence . as he back out of the toilet , he pull he pistol from he shoulder holster , cock it . he cautiously exit . tracking Holland as he move toward the sport room and he support team . he enter the area of carnage and the smug confidence on he face start to change to a slight worry . he then start carefully make he way back to the indoor pool to inform trent . indoor pool Holland enter the area and find no one . now the look on he face be one of fear and confusion . holland sonofabitch . but he have a plan . his plan be to try to make it out of the house in one piece . what be once careful stalking have turn into panicked blunder . continue tracking Holland as he bump into thing , knock they over , retreate wildly . he pass a raging fireplace and suddenly out of the shadow come a voice : STORM ( o.s. ) how do it feel to know you be about to die ? Holland fire in the direction of the voice , and Storm come out of the shadow stand in plain view -- he .45 point at Holland . STORM I will give you more time than you and trent give my wife . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. Holland change the point of he aim and fire again . as he fire , Storm empties he gun straight at Holland . wall behind holland a Louis xiii portrait -- where a silver dollar-size group of hole have just appear , two inch above Holland 's head . they be both out of ammo . storm Pov Holland pick up a fireplace poker . he 's swinging like maniac and we hear the sound of the poker slashing the AIR . but he get too close to Storm , who snatch the poker away from he . they be like two vicious cat whirling . we see Holland gasp in agony and hear the sound of bone breaking . Storm then begin the search for trent . he casually stroll through the house call as if he 's play hide and seek with a childhood friend . STORM Vernon , oh , verrrrrnon , where be you ? Storm open closet , look in drawer , under the toilet seat , and then proceed into -- int . master bedroom STORM ( loud enough for trent to hear ) let 's see ... where could that bad boy be ? from the tragic violent rage to what almost seem like a kiddie game , we be not sure if : Storm have go mad or what . he approach the master closet as he continue the taunting melody . master closet Storm enter and begin push the clothes of the rack aside -- look for something that 's probably not there . trent be too smart for this shit ... he 's probably on a jet to the Bahamas by now . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . one more rack of clothes in the farthest - back section . Storm reach to shove it aside when , with shocking and deafen suddenness : a shotgun blast erupt point-blank ... shredd $ 10,000 worth of suit jacket and barely miss Storm 's head . instantly a figure leap out . Storm gently disarm he , and the two man be for a moment freeze eye to eye . STORM and trent Storm seem to drift off somewhere far away , and then violently slam trent up against the wall , pin he chest with the leave hand . Storm take the saw - off shotgun by the handle and punch the barrel straight into trent 's mouth . the barrel simply go through the tooth and in he mouth . it appear Storm have make up he mind about what to do . trent 's eye bug out of he head . Storm now take trent by the hair and lead he through the house , shotgun still in he mouth . STORM you know , trent , I want to kill you so bad I can barely contain myself . but I keep think that death be far too merciful a fate for you , and that a nice petite white - bread boy like you in a federal penitentiary ... ( pause ) -- let I put it this way -- I doubt whether you could remain anal retentive for very long . yeah ... I think that 's best for you -- trent be now so fuck scared he look like he be about to go out of he mind . about this time in they journey through the house , Storm have stop before Holland 's mangle and lifeless body . if you think trent be scared before , you should see he now . Storm curiously turn he back on trent for a moment , to pick up handcuffs off the floor . trent see he last chance . trent seize the poker and do he most mighty Babe Ruth impression . just as Storm stand up , the poker come fly . it look like Storm be dead but somehow he step inside the arc and do shihonage , which disarm trent and flip he backwards head - first into the fire . trent 's neck be impale by one of the decorative iron arrow of the fireplace . he be stick -- struggle to free himself from the arrow as he head catch fire ... a fate somewhat worse than prison . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . Storm turn away -- fade out . fade in : ext . cemetery - long shot - day we be not sure where we be yet . in the distance , we see a procession of march man , all wear kilt , and all the accoutrement of traditional Scottish garb . in the front , several pace ahead of the neatly march line of man , be a single bagpiper . behind all of they be a hearse , be nobly escort by mount police . full shot now we see they fully : the color , the feel , the emotion of caring man march in the funeral parade of a fall comrade . camera pan' over to reveal a section of mourner -- mostly police but with some civilian . the camera move closer and pan to the front row , where we see Storm in full police regalia , a medal of valor around he neck . Andy and sonny be stand near at sober attention . the procession stop and the lone bagpiper continue to play the dirge as he walk up and take he position on a section of lawn . the pallbearer remove the flag from the casket and present it to the Chief of Police , who now slowly approach the group of mourner and stop directly in front of sonny Storm . he present the flag and salute sonny . the lone bagpiper stop and a officer on trumpet begin play " tap . " the coffin be slowly lower . full screen - tv monitor finally : the film that Storm shot that night seven year ago on the wharf . splice with the audiotape -- with subtitles include each speaker 's name to make every word and identity clear . we see : the two shadow Men step from the station wagon . the " push " film clearly reveal they to be trent and Holland . we see they conspire with calabrese and vitale . calabrese ( v.o. ) murder be a serious business , my friend . and a expensive one . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101 . trent ( v.o. ) I be up to here with caution ! this ( bleep ) life on alfalfa sprout and bean curd , he be not gonna die of natural cause . we shot start to widen , revealing that the tv monitor be in a news studio . the nightly news be be broadcast : what we see on this monitor be simultaneously go out over the air . as the shot widen and traverse , we begin to see the actual news set -- include esposito who get he well - deserve scoop -- and other anchorpeople , crewmen , etc . calabrese ( v.o. ) all I be counseling be a little patience . the man be public . he 's in the paper every day . trent ( v.o. ) yeah ? well , the next time I read about he , it better be in the obituary . continue move as the wharf scene keep play . the tv monitor pass out of frame , SOUND go down , we be moving past the news set and its occupant ( who be readying to go back on - camera as soon as the wharf tape end ) and on up toward -- light above news set which now fill the frame -- bright and blind . the screen start to bleach out ... it go white and match CUT - SUN ( marina del rey ) above a perfect peaceful sea . a small powerboat ( the kind that you rent from the dock ) move into frame . Storm steer it , stand up . Andy and sonny in the back cockpit seat . in andy'' lap - portable tv she switch a channel : up come the same footage we just see on the news set . andy it take a beat before she realize what it be . then : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102. andy hey ... Seven year Storm ! ( indicate tv ) I tell you you would be famous . Storm take a step so he can see the screen . view it for a short beat , then -- STORM pick the tv up from Andy 's lap and , while it 's still play , heave it over the side and into the drink ! ocean surface - tv splashes ... bob for a few moment ... then sink beneath the surface . andy ( laugh ) hey ! why would you do that ? STORM watch the last ripple from the sink set . a moment between he and himself -- when the past be allow to slip away , sink out of sight , make way for the future . Storm turn back from the water surface , to he son and to the woman he love . he sit ( let the boat drift wherever it want to ) and tug Andy down beside he . then he reach across to he son , pull the boy to he with a playful headlock . for a moment both Andy and sonny be hold in suspension , wonder what Storm will do or say . finally : STORM ( to sonny ) knock , knock . for a beat , the boy be take aback . then he break 's into a broad smile . sonny who 's there ? Storm glance to Andy , pull she tighter to he . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. STORM boo. sonny boo who ? STORM you do not have to cry about it . ( a beat , then ) I love you both . Storm hug he son with great affection , pull Andy to he with he other arm . this be they beginning . boat drift its happy way across the sun-shimmering sea . fade out . the end