hardware by richard stanley revise by michael fallon miss pg. 80 darkness . wind . dry. relentless . fade in : ext . the wasteland - dawn the darkness become a shifting veil of sand and we be inside the funnel of a dust storm . the veil part , momentarily revealing a vista of dune , a thin poisonous wind shipping across they ina crimson spray . then the veil close again , shifting to reveal a new tableau . abstract shape silhoutted against a red sky . a steel fence post . a coil of barb wire . a body , its outline soften by the dust , break and half - bury , its rag uniform flutter in a mockery of life . a glint of dusty metal . a minefield laid bare by the restless wind . another shape gain resolution in the dust . a steel hand appear , jointed finger point skyward , vein a intricate web of cable and hydraulic tub , bear of fire . a seethe dust cloud appear low on the horizon , a dark shape emerge from its swirl grain , flutter for a moment like a ground bat , draw closer , become the figure of a nomad swathed in a flap scarf and a rag duster , face shadow by a wide - brimm hat , shoulder hunch beneath the weight of a bulg military backpack . he hold a long stick like a spear in one hand and as he approach we see the sunlight glisten on he tinted blast goggle and on the transparent respirator that protect he face . the nomad be move hurriedly , try to keep ahead of the storm , he eye nervously scan the horizon . there be a sharp crack and two flare drift down behind he like will - o’- the-wisps fall from the red sky . he glance around and he eye catch a glint of metal through the gloom . slow , he weave he way across the minefield , feel out a path with the tip of he stick , he eye focus on a shape bury beneath a low ridge of sand . he see the reach synthetic hand and hunch beside it , sweeping away the dust , the wind help he , and slowly a face emerge from the earth . a steel face with eye like red jewel , feature scorched and mark by shrapnel wound . the nomad begin to dig more swiftly now . he glance furtively around and then look down , smile at he discovery . the steel skull could be smile back at he . dissolve to : int . jill apartment - dawn a landscape of metal sculpture . crash helmet and motorcycle fender blend into the scream face of grotesquely customize domestic android , reach waldo arm and web of barb wire and rubber tub fill every square inch of the bedroom , bathroom , kitchen and connect hallway . a digital clock radio on the stereo system flick to " 6:00 a.m " and heavy metal come crash forth from the radio . int . kitchen a automatic coffee maker simultaneously begin to burble and spill a spattering stream of soy - cafe into a glass tureen . int . apartment the sole occupant of the apartment be already awake . a figure be crouch in the midst of the tangle of sculpture , surround by numerous pencil sketches of insect , face hide by a batter welding mask , body swathed in paint -spatter overall , the nozzle of a oxy - acetylene torch hold in glove hand , spark shower everywhere . the door buzzer ring : a long hold buzzzzzzzz . the metal worker curse , turn off the gas and cross to a computer control console in the lounge , on the way , she turn down the music to a dull throb . she prop up she welding mask and type a series of digit into the computer . her face be prematurely careworn but attractive . she 's in she late twenty , she hair hang in strand , she face slick with sweat . her name be jill . a screen blink into life on the console , patching into a security camera that be train outside the apartment door . there 's no one there . she bite she lower lip and tap a few more key and get a view down the hall and then a view from the other direction . no one there . she exhales in frustration and type . after a few second of electronic snow the face of a blonde kid appear in a haze . he 's get a bandanna wrap around he forehead and a wad of gum in he tooth . this be vernon . vernon yo . jill Vernon , be the Chief there ? vernon hi , miss Monroe . no , he 's out on he round right now . I can have he call ya . jill that kid from two be at my door again . vernon when be this ? jill just now . vernon we do not see anybody . jill that 's what worry I . vernon huh ? jill listen , Vernon , I have get a delivery come from foodstuff today . be sure to let ‘em up . vernon will do , miss Monroe . the screen blink off . Jill mutter . jill probably the only one who will not make it through he " net '' . she walk to the kitchen , pour a cup of coffee , come back out , turn the music back up , flip down she visor and go back to work . camera move past her to the window , look out on the city -- a large urban metropolis somewhere in the future . mile high chimney rise against the smog-filled morning sky . ext . scrapyard - day music over . a scrapvard on the outskirt of the city . the remain of car and mangle ward machine lie in corrode mound and oily cloud streak with spark billow from the mouth of forges and furnace stack . shadowy figure move through the smoke , welding iron glow in they hand , unload untidy barrow of scrap onto clatter conveyor belt . the air be thick with the thunder of heavy machinery , the distort cry of man and the crackle of radio static . the voice of a deejay come over the airwave . angry bob this be angry Bob come at you on w.a.r. Radio with the good news and the bad news . bad news be the heatwave 's not go to let up . it 's expect to hit ninety downtown before nightfall , although weather control keep promise that rain be on the way . the foul up on the launch pad at terminal eight do not look like it 's gonna clear for another half hour and holiday air traffic be still stack up over the CBD and all outly district . but traffic control promise that if you all keep cool they will get you home in time for Christmas . as for the good news -- I forget what the good news be , so let 's just play some music ! the deejay laugh , he voice echoing maniacally as metal crash across the wavelengths , spilling out into the scrapyard from a old transistor radio that 's be leave stand on the hood of a wreck car . mo baxter and he friend shade be traversing the yard . mo be still young , he muscular build betray long hour of obsessive bench press . his blond hair be close - cropped and he wear patch and faze military uniform , he shirt unbuttone to reveal a vest that be hand - paint with a blaze skull . a jag scar zig - zag across he leave cheek and he leave hand be miss altogether , replace by a robot prosthesis . a large grey duffle be throw over he shoulder . shade be a scrawny individual wear a leather fly jacket and a three - day growth of beard . he squint through the dark lense of he trademark glass . shade be talk he usual blue streak , Mo have on a tolerant half -smile . shade New York , Max . that 's the place ' to make it now . just think of it . over nine thousand ton of steel . ( more ) shade ( cont would ) five thousand ton of aluminum . four million mile of copper wire . twelve thousand window . ton of audio gear . Auto part . typewriter . Kitchen appliance . Works of art still in the gallery . just hang there . clothing . toupee . bridgework . false tooth . prosthetic limb . you name it . there 's a kill to be make . New York have it all . nobody 's gonna repopulate the Big Apple , now . it 's too ripe with radiation . the count 's way up . all that stuff 's just go begging . it 's salvage city , Max . you would love it . mo stop call I Max . shade why not ? it 's a good name . anyway , give New York some think . it 's a lot safer than the zone and the move would do you good . mo I can not afford the outlay . you would need rad suit , jeep , drilling gear ... I be save up to retire in peace . shade retire to what ? Mo give a nod to the overall worker as he and shade head up to the dilapidate warehouse at the center of the yard . int . robot breaker' warehouse - day Mo and shade step through the slide door into a large hall . it 's wide as a aircraft hanger , light by hang flourescent tube and dusty skylight . the remain of gut electronic equipment and dismember android be stack everywhere , mechanical limb and hydraulic tub dangle from the rafter , give the place the appearance of a cannibal 's de . alvy , a dwarf clad in threadbare , grease - cover overeralls and hold a spanner in one hand , be hunch over the shiver , partly - animated torso of a malfunction domestic bot . he look up from he work at the approach pair and grin . alvy . well , well , well . take a little vacation , huh ? be this authorize ? Mo slip the bag of he shoulder . it hit the floor with a shifting clank . mo what do you care ? nothing that come in here be authorize . alvy that 's not true , I be primarily legitimate , now , I will have you know . mo oh ...? Mo lift the bag off the floor with one hand . mo perhaps I should go elsewhere , then . alvy I say primarily legitimate . he shove the quivering android off the table into a roll tamper . he brushes wood and metal filing from the table - top with he sleeve . alvy put it right here and let 's see what you have get . let I get my glass . alvy hop down from the bench and scurries into the nether reach of the warehouse . Mo heft the bag onto the bench . unzip it . behind they the warehouse door open with a tremulant rumble . Mo and shade turn around . a figure be silhouett against the blaze daylight . it 's the nomad . come toward they . he tip he hat up to look at they . speak in a low voice . nomad where 's the little man ? Mo step forward , just a trifle hesitantly . take charge . mo he 's indispose . you get something to sell ? the nomad tip he head foreward . eye Mo awhile . then ... what the hell . he nod . unload he sack on the table . steel skull , dismember metal arm , a limbless torso - tub spilling from the gut -- and several spidery subsidiary arm terminate in pincer and drill bit . shade what the fuck ? shade pick up the skull , awestruck . the nomad delicately take it from he and replace it . mo what be it ? the nomad slowly shake he head . mo where would you find it ? the nomad move he head slightly to indicate a distant world . nomad Nowheresville . Mo and shade nod . they know what he mean . nomad look like it step on a frag mine . no leg at all and the torso be ... all fuck up . mo ( quickly ) what do you want for it ? shade look at he , shocked . nomad fifty . now shade look at he ! mo too much . thirty . nomad ( no nonsense ) fifty . mo forty ? the nomad nod . nomad done . mo ( to shade ) pay the man . a stunne shade peel off bill as Mo stuff the robot part into he own bag of the floor . the nomad turn and head out . mo that be easy . Mo heft the bag onto the table . alvy return just as the figure of the depart nomad be eat up by the blaze sunlight . alvy squint after he . alvy who be that ? mo somebody look for a bathroom . I send he on he way . alvy why do not he piss in the street like everybody else ? alvy clamber up onto the bench , rub he hand together . he pluck a large magnify glass from he back pocket . alvy now what have you get for I ? Mo unzip the bag and turn it over . Metal thunder out . alvy lean over the pile of part . his eye widen almost imperperceptibly at the sight of the skull . a pulse of excitement . he glance at the othere to make sure they do not notice . then he shrug indifferently . shade pick up the skull again . now he can peruse it in earnest . alvy 's eye can not help but to follow it . he try to keep he voice casual . alvy where would you get that ? Mo glance at shade . mo I find it out in the zone . what do you think it be ? alvy ( shrugging ) maintenance drine , probably . Mo furrow he brow doubtfully . mo you think so ? shade kinda scary - look for a maintenance drine . alvy that 's the idea . keeps the scavenger away , y'see , you get a down vehicle somewhere in the middle of nowhere , no survivor , you can drop a couple of this and have it put back together in no time . shade look the skull in the eye . shade nobody around to put he back together , though , huh ? mo it do not have any leg at all that I could find and the torso 's all fuck up . stepped on a frag mine , I guess . musta get lose . shade grin slyly at he . shade you figure ? Mo narrow he eye briefly at he . alvy pluck the skull from he hand . shade frown . alvy shine a light in the android 's eye . it ... alvy not much I can do with this . I can use the infra-red . breadboard up a couple of new circuit . ( shrugging ) how about thirty C 's to take it off you hand ? mo thirty ?! ( shaking he head ) no thanks , alvy . maybe I will just hold onto Mo take the skull and stick it back into the bag . a alarm off behind alvy 's eye . alvy hold onto it ?! what --- ? forty c's ... Mo eye he . half -smile . mo I think it be worthless . alvy it be ! it be worthless ! but it 's even more worthless to you ! mo jeez , you be not try to low - ball I , be you , alvy ? you would not cheat I ... alvy shake he head , watch the piece disappear into the sack . alvy no I would not cheat you , but ... but ... it be junk , but ... what be you gonna do with it ? mo it 's Christmas Eve . you should know that . you use to be a elf , do not you ? I can not exactly come back to my girl empty-hand , can I ? alvy would not she rather have a nice ... bouquet of flower , maybe ? they have get some beautiful stuff at the Mart . just like in the picture . smell real good , too . even die on you after a couple of day . very convincing . she would love " they . mo you do not know my girl . shade Jill do not have any use for fake flower . not when she can have real metal . Mo nod at the pile of remain part . mo how much for the other stuff ? alvy shake he head , lip twisted in a tight , bitter frown . he desultorily lift a couple piece . then he notice a severe steel hand on the bottom of the pile . one Mo miss . alvy quickly drop the other piece over it . open he hand to Mo . alvy ten c's . that 's as high as I go . Mo hold out he hand for it . alvy quickly count out several bill from a greasy roll . mo yep , alvy . you be as high as you be ever go to go . Mo hand the bill to shade and they head for the door . alvy sneer after they . alvy very funny . can i help it if my mother pick up a dose in the big one ? ( call after ) you just wait . all that year out in the zone ? you kid will make I look like narcissus ! ext . STREET - day the temperature be still rise and heat shimmer in the seal tar and concrete valley of the street . Mo and shade dismount from a pedi-cab and move through the crowd , dodging the crawl , man-power vehicle . knot of figure sit cluster like barnacle in the shade of each support pillar of the elevate roadway , they leg almost under the wheel of the traffic . there be a low rumble as a truck pass on a overhead expressway . Mo and shade pass a row of rusting , wheelle car , smoke rise from the chimney in they roof . several teenager be busy beat up a wino they have get pin against one of the hood . the wino break free and come stumbling across Mo 's path . he fall to one knee , grasp at Mo 's leg , begging inarticulately for help . the kid laugh . Mo look menacingly at they , he hand fall to the butt of he shotgun . the kid clam up . Mo hold they sullen gaze . he draw the gun from its holster . the kid finally retreat down a alley . the wino murmur he garble thanks , paw at Mo 's leg . mo hey . you be crease the pants . Mo push he away with the gun-barrel . the wino tumble hard . Mo walk on , deftly slip the shotgun back into its harness . shade hurry to keep with he . shade tough guy . mo shut up . shade that 's why you be still in the corps , be not it ? Mo give he a look . fed up . mo why ? shade you tell I . Mo roll he eye . shade no , really . tell I why . mo ( mock breezily ) the money 's good . I get around . I see what 's leave of the world . shade I get around , too , and at least I be still in one piece . mo yeah , until one of you booster blow up under you or you heatshield rip off on the way home . shade do not knock it . at least it 's quick . one pssht and you be gas spread out over a thousand mile of stratosphere . think of the view . no cough you lung out in a bunker or sit around wait for the first cancer cell to show up or you kid to be bear blind and blue because you have have one dose too many and come up snake eye in the genetic crap game you play every time you go zone trip . do you think Jill want you to go on strolling around out there up to you ass in radioactive iodine for the rest of you life ? mo think she would like it better if I be on welfare ? wound up like this bum ? nothing else I can do . not now . anyway , I do not want kid . can not stand the little motherfucker . int . apartment block foyer - day Mo step through the twisted remain of a security gate into the graffiti-scarred foyer . mo what the fuck happen here ? shade some hophead drive a land cruiser through it . put Tommy in the hospital . do you know he ? mo when do this happen ? shade two , three month ago . ( beat ) right after - you leave . Mo pause at a battet computer terminal and type in a access code before turn to face the steel door of the lift . the door be slightly buckle as if someone have try to open they with a crowbar . a grate metallic whine come inside the elevator shaft . Mo wait for a while , listen as the whine drop to a lower pitch and then cut out entirely . he rattles the door in frustration . chief another scorcher today . nearly ninety , they say on the news . mo and they take the temperature on the roof . down in the street it 's a damn sight hotter . chief that it be . hey , while you be here I want you to meet someone . get a new kid on the job . Vernon , say hello to mister baxter ! ( to Mo ) you hear about Tommy ...? shade nod . up above , Vernon stick he head through the railing and grin down at they . he 's work on a wad of gum . vernon yo ! Mo raise he hand to say hello , but Vernon have duck back out of sight . chief kid 's get shit for brain , but he will work out once he know the rope . it be not brain surgery ! Mo nod down to the lower floor . mo look like this be the last line of defense . chief damn right . this be as far as they get . we have get new surveillance gear all over the block . if you want to maybe pop down later for a game I will show you 'how it work . mo maybe I will do that . chief I would appreciate it . have not have a good game in week . Vernon 's get no head for chess . you can imagine . Mo and shade press on up the staircase . shade want to put a question to mo. finally get up the nerve : shade she know you be back ? mo ( shaking he head ) I do not want to wake she . shade you do not mind waking I ! mo you I do not care about . shade shake he head . shade you shoulda call . think she will let you stay ? mo ( blustery ) course she will . she sleep better when I be around . make she feel more secure . shade ha ! that 's a laugh ! she could not be more secure than she be now . she 's seal in tight . she do not need you or I . mo be that right ? shade she do not stick she little toe out of there if she do not have to . mo how do you know ? shade shrug uneasily . shade I keep a eye on she . Mo stop , turn back . eye he narrowly . shade shrug again , a little embarrassed . Mo finally smile . mo good . keep it up . ( nodd ) when I be not around . see nothing happen to she , okay ? promise I that ? Mo be surprisingly serious . shade nod . shade sure . I will do what I can . sure. ( then ) you go somewhere ? Mo turn and climb to the top of the stair . he stand outside the steel door of a apartment . he reach for the buzzer . int . apartment buzzzzzzzz . camera pulling away from the other side of the door . down the hallway to the console in the lounge . sulphourous light from the oxy- acetylene torch flash on the wall and console . the door again : buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zz . jill ( 0.s. ) goddamn it !! the torch light cut out . Jill step to the console , pull off the welding mask , toss it aside . she rapidly type digit into the computer . the screen blink to life and Mo 's face stare back at she through the electronic blizzard . for a moment she be silent , she feature unreadable . Mo smile and she find herself smile , too , almost against she will . jill Mo . his voice come over the intercom , thick with static . mo you gonna let I in , or what ? ext . stairwell Mo wait for the door to open . he shift from foot to foot . mo Jill ? you there ? shade nod seriously at he . she 's there . Mo clear he throat . look at the keypad next to the door . type a set of number . nothing happen . jill ( over intercom ) I change the code . Mo exhales impatiently . mo Jill . let I in . shade ( whisper ) I will make up the couch . int . apartment Jill stand there , eye downcast . torn . finally shaking she head in self - reproach and tapping a key . she head toward the hall . there be a hiss as the apartment 's hydraulics go into action and the front door slide open on steel runner to reveal Mo and shade stand on the threshold . Jill take a geiger counter hang from its peg in the hall and run it over they . jill hmm . cessium level 's low today . mo I have have warmer hello 's . jill hello , mo. he give she a smile . mo hey there , Jill . they be a bit awkward . nobody make the first move . Jill nod at shade . jill hi . shade how 's it go ? jill not bad . I -- Mo take the opportunity to move past she down the hall . Jill hesitates for a second . then : jill -- I get a commision customize console for some uptowner . Welfare check be come in regular , I can not complain . Mo stand on the edge of the live room . he smile lightly at the chaos and put down he gear . Jill and shade come in behind he . Mo bend nod he jill see my new pet ? I have be use it as a model . this morning I wake up and -- look -- it make a web . beside a glass tank . his eye focus on the spider and he head . shade what do you feed it ? jill I have be give it little bit of soy mince , but sometimes I catch a bug . it suck ‘em dry . Mo frown a little , then reach down into he gunny sack . mo I have get something else you will like . he start to open the sack but then he see that Jill be not watch he . jill ( to shade ) I have be base my work more on organic form ... translate they into the synthetic ... focus more on the synthesis ... shade nod . Mo stand up suddenly . mo ( to shade ) listen , you wanna stay for a beer , or something ? shade no , that 's okay , thanks . I want to talk to the super about the air conditioning before we all fry . jill they say there 's a cold front on the way . it might cool thing down in time for Christmas . shade yeah . there 's hope yet . mo can you guy hold off on the weather report for a minute ? they look at he , slightly surprised . he open he bag , empty it onto the floor with a clatter . the steel skull grin up at they , upside down amidst a tangle of component . mo see anything you like ? Jill kneel amidst the scrap , she face lighting up . jill oh! Jesus God ! he 's beautiful ! ( lift the skull ) I love it ! what a monster . she plant a kiss on its forehead . mo ( shrugging ) maintenance drine , if you can believe alvy . he glance at shade , who shrug back . Jill set down the skull and lift a severe mechanical arm , run she finger over the metalwork . then she look up at Mo and she face light up with a smile . Mo give it back . mo merry Christmas , baby . she stand and hug he , still hold the android 's arm in one hand . shade give a little wave and back toward the door . shade I be gonna head out . you guy ... they be still lock in embrace . jill bye . mo later , shade . shade give a little ironic salute , tap a number on the keypad next to the door . the door shunt open . he duck out . the door hiss shut . Jill and Mo kiss . deeply . holding each other tight . the steel skull lie where Jill leave it , still smile , the embrace lover invert , reflect in the depth of its glass eye . int . shower - night hot water hiss from the overhead faucet and Mo stand in the frost glass cubicle , eye close , steam rise around he as he let the shower wash away three month of sweat and engine oil . he reach out , pull Jill closer . her hand reach around he , gently massage she back , feel a web of waxy scar tissue beneath she fingertip . a live mosaic of tattoo writhes beneath she touch , a jungle tangle of howling wolf , wilting rose , phallic warhead and naked body . they lip meet and he caress she and even though he cannot feel the caress through he synthetic hand he feel she shiver anyway . she clasp he wrist , raise the prosthetic limb to she lip , kissing the steep fingertip . int . apartment - night later they lie in the circular bed in the room that serve as both bedroom and lounge , face out towards the venetian blind whose open slat reveal a panoramic vista of rooftop and glow window . the television set be on , tune to some program about the famine , the volume turn down , the news camera tracking silently across row of emaciate body stack like firewood , the image spilling they cold blue light across the naked lover . the only sound in the apartment now be the rasp of they breath , the low hum of the air conditioning and the distant throb of the city , pulsing like blood rush in they ear , mute by the soundproof wall . Jill cry out , voice shrill as a bird call , head throw back Mo 's hand clutching at she shoulder , he eye close , strain toward transcendence . her cry become thicker , distort , become a electronic synthesis of sound as a red glow grow around they and they image lose resolution , they body become solarize , become a grainy pornographic photograph take on heat sensitive film stock . int . apartment in adjacent tower block - night lincoln weinberg , jr. , a short , stocky man with close - cropped hair wear a gaudy Hawaiian shirt , press the remote lead - on he camera , keep one eye press to the viewfinder . the shutter open with a click , expose another frame , and then the auto-wind mechanism whirs into action . a trickle of sweat run down he forehead . lincoln yeah , take it ! take that big dick ! take it all , bitch ! he re-adjust the infrared lens of he camera to maximum telephoto , pan slightly to keep Jill in the center of the frame , peer through the parallel bar of the blind , study the cascade of she hair , the curve of she breast ... his hand ease itself into he lap , he finger jerk on the remote trigger , almost a reflex action now . he see Mo 's hand claw at she back , hard enough to bruise , and he groan . Jill shudder , she spine arching , and lincoln shudder with she . he blink , try to keep she moonlit image in focus . lincoln God ... I love you ... dissolve to : int . jill apartment - night Jill lie on she back amidst the stain sheet , smoking a joint , let Mo trace the outline of she body with he good hand . she smile dreamily , she eye half - close . jill it 's good to have you here , mose . mo it 's good to be here . then he sigh quietly , draw he hand away , lie back . he stare at the ceiling . jill what be it ? mo what be we gonna do ? jill about what ? she 's a bit wary , now . cool . mo about we . ( pause ) do you ever think about that ? jill ( deadpan ) I like it when we be together . I have not think much beyond that . you be not somebody I can rely on . ( suddenly ) how long be you go to stay this time ? he 's silent for a long while . she wait . finally , with difficulty : mo I be awol . I have to be back by next Thursday or I will be count out . she sit up . angry . jill let they count you out ! you do not owe they anything ! she glance at he robot hand . he curl it up , move it away . mo no . they owe I six month of back pay . I will not get it unless I stick it out until my contract be up . Jill be frustrated . draw up she knee . rest she temple against they , turn away from he . quietly : jill which be when ? he 's evasive . shrug . mo few month . she slowly stretch out again . lying with she back to he . be try to say something . mo ( softly ) the thing be I ...Jil11 ? ( pause ) I really love you . Long pause . her expression do not change . jill so ? he close he eye . sleepy . dreamy . he shrug languidly . mo maybe ...we ... he trail off . she lie there , watch the neon flicker of light play in the venetian blind and listen to the throb and whir of the city . then she hear distant music come drift up from the depth of the glass canyon outside the window pane , faint , almost lose beneath the roar of the traffic . a choir sing . a Christmas carol . Silent night . Holy night . Jill turn to Mo and touch he arm . jill Mo . but it be already too late . he be fast asleep . she sigh , curling up beside he , listen to the distant carol as she too drift slowly into sleep . all be calm . all be bright . dissolve through : nowhere a shifting veil of fire . wind borne spark . a great wind blow . Sand lift from the dune in crimson sheet , twist in the air , take on the semblance of life . int . apartment - night Jill moan softly in she sleep , face damp with sweat . moonlight filter through the blind and it be as if the lover sleep in the midst of a forest of metal tree , the glisten branch and reach arm of Jill 's scrap sculpture silhouett against the Silver glow . Glass eye glint in the night and grotesque , torture face peer from the gloom . ventilation tub coil through the tree like snake and a steel owl perches above the doorway its wingspan line with metallic feather . moonlight silver the spider web and for a moment its strand seem to fill the room . somewhere , far back in the shadow , something move . static flicker with a sputter across the television screen . a spark fly between synapse deep inside a damage silicon brain and a crimson gleam flicker momentarily through the eye of the steel skull . there be a hum of energy and its memory bank light up . the tv screen dim for a second and the android 's infrared retinas widen as its disembody head silently watch over the apartment , focus on the two glow heatform that lie curl beside each other on the bed . Jill moan again , turn in she sleep . dissolve to : ext . the wasteland - day in she dream she 's run across the dune , almost blind , buffete by the sting sand , she hair whipping around she . something dark emerge from the dust up ahead and slowly she approach it . the curtain of sand part , revealing a steel hand reach from the earth . she fall to she knee and without understanding why begin desperately to dig , the wind help she uncover something long bury within the dune . a face appear , stare up at she . Mo 's face , terribly burn , scream mouth and eyeless socket fill with sand . she scream , start to she foot and when she try to run Mo 's metal hand grab she by the ankle and hold she fast . int . apartment - night Jill wake with a start , sit up in the darken room , Mo be still sleep at she side and she let out a little sigh of relief when she see he , reach out to touch he , let he warmth reassure she . she sit for a while in silence and then , make a decision , she swing herself out of bed , slip ona crumpled silk kimono and head for the kitchen . int . kitchen - night Jill absent - mindedly type a command into a wall console and the automatic coffee maker percolator light up , chugge and whirring contentedly to itself . she open the freezer to remove a carton of synti-milk , catch a glimpse of she face float in the dark glaze of the tiling , illuminate momentarily by the dim light of the refrigerator door . the face seem disembody , almost unrecognizable . int . lounge - night Jill pick she way through the debris , cradling a steaming mug of coffee . she sit down in the middle of the room and cross she leg , still feel strangely disorient . she tap another joint from a already half - empty pack of ' acapulco gold ' and reach out to flick the television 's remote control , turn up the volume on a late - night news bulletin . the newscaster smile reassuringly at she , he voice silky and emotionless , he hair and complexion flawless , probably computer generate . newscaster the Department of Agriculture announce today that further ration under the new austerity guideline be likely in the wake of the soya crop blight and the result forty percent shortfall in the harvest . the government have announce plan to set up a special task force to deal specifically with this problem and the recent report of widespread defiency - releate disease in the inner city . Jill take another drag on the joint , turn she attention to a unfinish sculpture . a collage of mutilate doll , weld by a blowtorch into a single circular unit , interlace with barb wtre and rusty surgical implement . newscaster meanwhile , public resistance to the emergency population control bill continue to grow . the bill would mandate -- Jill flip the remote button , channel and turn to a hardcore pornography then to some music station where a nameless heavy metal band be bat its way through its latest number , by a undulate sea of dancer , surround upwards , hand reach desperately outline by a blue neon grid of laser beam . Jill smile , more at home now . she scramble over to the pile of scrap and begin to shift through the android 's remain . the torso be still largely intact , almost humanoid above the waist but degenerate below the hip into a truncate tangle of melt cable and hydraulic tub . Jill 's finger lightly trace the course of a shrapnel wound and she lean forward to try to make out a batter serial number and what seem to be some kind of military insignia engrave on its breastplate . a stylize moon and a thunderbolt . she count four arm , three of they end in slender hand with long , delicately jointed finger while a fourth terminate in a rugge stump . she paw through the scrap , frown , but the miss hand be nowhere to be find . two crumpled subsidiary arm project like insulate caterpiller leg from the android 's stomach , one taper into a jag drill bit and the other end in a pair of rotate pincer . Jill smile to herself , glance up at the unfinish doll sculpture . then she haul on a pair of paint-spatter electrician 's glove and begin to work . Mo stris , gradually come awake to the sound of heavv metal , the bass turn too high , and the whine of a power see in - operation somewhere in the gloom behind he . he sit up , turn to see Jill crouch over the android 's remain , still dress in she kimono but wear welding goggle now and wield a circular see . he can not quite make out what she 's do but he can see spark the darkness , the clench line of she jaw and the hurt white of she eye behind the goggle . rapt , almost mesmeric in they concentration . he rub he eye and yawn , glance at he watch . he pull on he trousers and shamble over to the window , lighting a cigarette . behind he the power see cut off for a moment as Jill change to she airbrush , set to work on the android 's head . he smile , neon wash over he face . Jill stand , raise the android 's severe head and place it in the midst of the doll fresco so that it form a new centerpiece and Mo see that she have paint one side of the steel skull with light blue cloud and the other with a dark , star-studded sky . he laugh and Jill turn to he . mo I like it . he take a step toward she . unsure of himself . mo the doll be a nice touch . make a nice wreath . her mouth tighten . he try again , kiddingly . mo where do this stuff come from ? you seem so normal on the surface . she decide to take he seriously . jill you know that new emergency bill they be push through ? mo the birth control thing ? Jill nod at the ring of doll . jill I start on this when I first hear about it . Mo gaze at the sculpture for a long time . then he start to turn around . mo I do not get it . he pick up he shotgun . shoulder it . aiming out the window . Jill be glaring at he back . jill why do I let you in ? every time ? why ? he turn suddenly to she . mo you wanna know why ? jill yes , I do ! mo I will show you why . ( point ) sit in that chair . she roll she eye . jill Mo , I be try to work . mo you want to know . now go sit in the chair . jill no . it 's stupid . mo just go sit in the fuck chair , okay ? jill okay , okay . Jesus . if it make you happy . she sit in the chair . jill okay , now what ? mo now tip yourself back ... slowly ... so the front leg lift off the floor . like you be riding it . jill this be really stupid . mo go on . do it for I . jill yeah , yeah . she tip the chair back keep she balance with one foot . jill okay . now what . mo let it go all the way . let yourself fall . you will be all right . she start to tip the chair backwards . for a moment she teeter on the verge of overbalance and then , laugh , she drop forward into a upright position . shake she head . jill no . mo trust I , Jill . jill no . I can not do it . no way . Mo step suddenly forward and push she hard in the chest . she topple backwards with a shriek and hit the floor with a resounding thud . she lie on she back for a moment , look up at Mo stand over she , the shotgun still in he hand . then she begin to laugh . mo fun , huh ? Mo kneel next to she , grin . mo you can not hurt yourself . not if you fall right . do not I tell you ? she put one arm around he , draw he to she and they kiss . mo they tell you not to look down when you climb a cliff , but why not ? the view be beautiful . jill ( still smile ) you be so full of it ... from the flat below come the sound of muffle thumping as the downstairs neighbor bang on they ceiling with a broom handle . jill oh , God ... the neighbor ... Mo bang on the floor with he steel hand . mo fuck they ! he drop the shotgun and grab Jill , drag she across the floor towards the bed . he lift she in he arm , dump she on the mattress and scramble on top of she , pin she down with he knee . for a moment they be quiet , look at each other . he reach out , brush a strand from she face with he prostethic hand . jill mose ... the phone ring . a burbling electronic sound , tangling in Jill 's hair . Mo 's hand twitches spastically . she recoil with a yelp . mo shit ! Jill start to laugh , untangle she hair . the phone continue to ring . Mo stand . mo it 's not funny . damn thing keep get radio and tv signal confuse with my nerve impulse . he cross toward the main computer console . look contemplatively at the metal hind . mo I be go to have to get it change . circuit be mess up anyway . sometimes I even feel pain in it , like my hand 's still there ... the expression in Mo 's face make she stop laugh . he shrug it off and reach for the phone . she reach out she hand -- jill do not answer it . too late . he 's pick up the vid-phone handset . mo ( into the phone ) yeah ? a familiar face flicker across the vid-screen , peer out through the roll electronic bar . mo alvy ? alvy be furtive , nervous . alvy I gotta see you . sorry to call so late , but ... it 's important . mo Jesus , alvy . talk to I in the morning . alvy no . it have to be now . I be talk big buck , savvy . meet I at the yard in a hour . and bring the , uh ... skull and bone . mo the what ? ( realize ) no way . I be not sell it . that 's final . alvy just hear I out . I can not talk over the phone . too many ear . see you in a hour . mo forget it . the dwarf 's face disappear in a swirl of electronic snow . Mo hang up . stands there . intrigue . he stare at the blank screen . Jill be watch he . wait for he next move . he finally look at she . give she a big , warm smile . cross toward she , shaking he head in exasperation . he climb onto she . tipping she onto she back . give she kiss . he look she in the eye and shake he head again . mo everything 's a big emergency with alvy . they kiss again . across the room , red ember glow deep in the eye of the paint metal skull . int . robot breaker' warehouse - night alvy sit crouch beside work bench , a island of flourescent light adrift in the darken warehouse . he be bent over the bench , raise a jeweler 's lens to examine the severe mechanical hand that lie before he . he take note of a engrave serial number , then push the hand to the side , rummage through a sheath of blueprint print on a dog-eare read - out paper until he find one that clearly match the hand 's design . he lean closer , examine a intricate schematic diagram chart the hand 's wiring . Red lettering be stencill across one corner of the blueprint : " MARK 13 prototype - authorized access only . " something in the schematic seem to excite he and he lift a gold pocket watch by its chain to check the time . int . jill apartment - night the room be still and dark . neon glow blink in a slat- pattern on the ceiling . the mute tv flicker and flash . Jill be peacefully asleep . Mo be move stealthily about the apartment , dress . he sit carefully on the edge of the bed to lace up he boot . Jill sigh in she sleep . stir . Mo wait till she settles back and give she a soft kiss on the cheek . a small content smile rise out of she dream and break on she lip . mo ( whisper ) I will be back . he stand and head for the door . ext . stairwell - night the apartment 's door hiss open and Mo stand alone on the threshold , wrap in a shapeless military coat , he hand in he pocket , he hesitates uneasily for a moment before step into the wait darkness and make for the elevator . he hear a stealthy sound behind he and pause , nervously type a command into the lift 's control console , one hand touch the butt of he shotgun . several rag shape detach themselves from the night , drift slowly toward he . child , three of they not even in they teens , ringworm already in they hair , they grubby face thin , and spot with sore , they eye glisten hungrily in the half - light . for a moment he 's not sure how to react , then he set he jaw and wave at they in a threaten manner . mo how do you get up here ? go on ! get the fuck out of here ! the child stand they ground , not dare to come closer and at the same time unwilling to give up . the lift door swishes open and Mo step quickly into the narrow , grafitti-scarred cubicle . int . lift the lift door dose and the child be go from sight and the car be drop toward the street . Mo breathes a sigh of relief , draw the coat more tightly around himself . he mutter . mo goddamn Chief . he look at he face in the door 's crack and cloudy mirror . his eye seem lose and worried , strangely disorient . he shiver , try to pull himself together . ext . STREET - night the lift door swishes open and Mo walk hastily through the lobby , step over the sleep drifter as he make for the street . outside the rush of traffic and the stench of the gutter enfold he , the feel of anonymity afford he it lend he some little comfort . he step into the street , hail a pedi-cab , not look back . the cab stop . he trot after it . high angle - looking down on mo a motorize shutter click three time , freezing he image on heat - sensitive 35 mm , the auto-wind whirring . int . apartment in adjacent tower block - night lincoln be crouch by the window , follow Mo through the lens of he camera . lincoln that 's it , loverboy . just keep on walk . he pan he camera up once more to focus on the window of Jill 's apartment . int . jill apartment - night Jill roll over , the sheet tangling around she . muttering in she sleep . somewhere far back in the cluttere apartment something move and come to life . the red light glimmer in the eye of the android 's severe head . with a almost imperceptible electronic whir , its microchip mind wake up , watch over the apartment from its perch in the midst of a nest of barb wire and burn doll . the android 's irise widen , like black hole slowly expand . int . robot breaker' warehouse - night the android 's severe hand shiver , finger shifting minutely , delicately touch the table - top as if try to orient itself . alvy be oblivious to the hand movement , too busy study the minutely detailed blueprint spread out before he to notice anything else . int . jill apartment - night a bank of LED 's light up on the main computer console . a low whine of feedback crackle from the intercom and static haze the television screen . Jill groan , turn irritably on the bed . down on the floor , the android 's dismember limb shiver as life return to they , jointed finger tapping on the floor , artificial muscle flex slowly , hydraulic tub twist , fluid flow back into damage vein . a dark pool of grease spread like blood across the carpet . int . robot breaker' warehouse - night alvy detect a furtive movement out of the corner of he eye and look up from he work . the severe hand have vanish . the dwarf start to he foot , check the floor , see nothing but bare concrete . he lift the blueprint , search the tabletop , suddenly bewilder . behind he the hand scuttle deftly along a rack of spare freezing for alvy look around a moment in the shadow of a oil can as then scamper up to perch like a spider on the head of a deactivate servo-robot . alvy be already beginning to suspect the truth when he hear the soft metallic tapping come from the shelf behind he . slowly he turn , half guess what he be about to see , he heart beat faster anyway . then he see the hand , one finger tapping impatiently against the servo-robot 's cranium . the hand seem to know he 's watch and freeze once more . alvy ( under he breath ) I will be goddamn ... he take a step closer , pull on a pair of heavy rubber glove . the hand remain motionless . the dwarf reach slowly out , bite he lower lip nervously . then he finger touch it and in a instant the hand be scuttling up he arm , faster than he can move , feel its way toward he face . he recoil , try to brush it off , but it be already at he throat and he can feel its steel finger try to get a grip on he windpipe . he grab at the stump of the wrist , frantically try to tug the hand away . he stumble back , catch a chair behind he knee and lose he balance . he cry out , as he go down , scrabbling at the tabletop as he go down , but succeed only in pull the blueprint down on top of he . he hit the floor hard and the hand be already grasp at he face , feel for he eye . int . jill apartment - night the light blaze , bright as hot coal now in the android 's eye . a coat rack fall with a clatter to the floor and Jill stir , hover between sleep and waking . the floor of the room be alive , now , hand twitching and hopping , wiring sparking in the gloom . int . robot breaker' warehouse - night the slide door rattle as Mo push they open on they runner and step into the darken warehouse . they be a flourescent light burn at the far end of the room behind a rack of accessory and Mo can hear the sound of a violent scuffle intersperse with yelp of pain . mo alvy ? alvy ( 0.s. ) ( thick and muffle ) ah , fuck ! help I ! mose ! ! Mo run down the main aisle of the warehouse to find alvy thrashing on the floor amidst the crumpled blueprint , clutching at he throat , he leg kick . mo what the fuck ? alvy get it off ! aaaagh ! get it off I you shithead ! ! Mo crouch quickly , pin the scream dwarf to the floor with he knee and pull at the hand . at first it resist , then , in a moment of confusion , it release alvy and try to grab at Mo but he already have it by the wrist and its finger be too short to reach he . he stand slowly , stare at the hand in disbelief , its finger claw helplessly at the air . alvy sit up , rub he throat . Dark purple bruise mark he flesh , bloodstain dapple he shirt , drip from a row of almost surgical incision in he face and neck . alvy mop at the blood with he handkerchief , he hand tremble . alvy oh , God ... I be ... bleed ...! mo you be all right . where do you get this ? alvy it ... it be in that pile of junk you sell I . I do not ... I do not notice it till after you leave . it 's part of the ... Mark 13 . mo the what ? alvy peer about Mo 's body , frown . alvy Mark 13 . you do not bring the rest of it ?! mo wait a minute . the android ? what do you know about it ? what be it ? alvy stand and point at he . alvy it 's a more sophisticated version of you . mo I think it be a maintenance drine ! alvy uh... well , no . so do I . but then I get my hand on this blueprint . see ? alvy hop eagerly onto the bench seat , paw through the blueprint page . Mo step close to the bench , peer over alvy 's shoulder . alvy keep one eye on the hand in Mo 's grip . alvy this be the guy who be gonna make you obsolete . you will be the maintenance drine . ( point at the hand ) he 's get three more of that where that come from , as well as four subsidiary arm . more leg than a fuck spider . it 's design to operate in the field , out of radio contact , work on its own initiative , even make its own repair . it 's the close thing to real artificial intelligence money can buy and it 's get just one primary function . int jill apartment - night Jill lie curl on the bed , she eve twitching beneath they lid , deep in a dream . behind she the movement have become more organize . steel finger tighten bolt and seal damage tub , rebuild its body piece by piece , dismember limb act under the silent command of the severe head . slowly , almost painfully , the creature swing its torso upright , use its lower arm like leg , stretch itself as if awaken from a deep sleep . slowly Mark 13 return to life . int . robot breaker' warehouse : - night alvy turn proudly from the blueprint to Mo . alvy it can lie dormant for decade and recharge itself anytime from any power grid even from the sun , if necessary . it can see in the dark and move faster and quieter than the most highly train combat soldier . it 's get mind - bend drug inside it worse than cyanide . it can kill you in second and even make you enjoy it . Mo be stare at a blink LED on the back of the hand . mo what 's with this light ? be it malfunction ? he sound almost hopeful . alvy oh , no . it 's function fine . that 's a warning that it 's electrify . you be lucky the storage battery be keep in the chest cavity . otherwise -- zzzzt ! the little bastard would have put more current through you than a electric chair . mo where 's the phone ?! I have gotta call Jill ! alvy ( reproachfully ) I tell you to bring it with you . mo just point I to the phone , alvy ! alvy now , slow down ! can not we do some business first ? that 's what you come here for . Mo step menacingly toward he . mo the phone , goddamnit ! ! alvy 250 c's ! Cash ! Mo thrust the wriggle hand at he . alvy recoil , the blood drain from he face , the hand strain to reach he . mo here ! I will give you this one for free ! around the neck ! now where 's the fuck phone ?! ! alvy ( point across room ) over there ! over there ! jeesh . you will need change . Mo carefully hold the hand out to alvy . wrist first . alvy shake he head . mo take it ! alvy take it , blanching . Mo head for the phone , digging into he pocket . alvy hold the flex hand at arm 's length . have to marvel at it . raise he voice for Mo . alvy apparently they be testing a bunch of they out on the dune sea , but there be a fuck up . seem there be one structural defect . a Achilles heel in the insulation system ... Mo hurry up to the vid-phone console , pull change from he pocket , coin bounce off the concrete floor . he feed change into the slot , frantically type a number . int . jill apartment the vid -phone light up the screen , a income call signal flash across but almost as soon as it begin to ring the receiver be lift from its hook . Mo 's face flicker across the screen , he eye wide and nervous . int . robot breaker' warehouse Mo stand clutching the receiver , stare into the fuzzy video monitor . he bang the side of the console , try to get a picture . mo hello ! hello , Jill ?! a soft , electric whir come over the receiver , almost like the purr of a cat . the screen flicker and for a instant Mo glimpsis something . a dark shape stare back at he , eye like hot coal . then the line go dead and the image disintegrate in a hiss of white noise . the call charge flicker on screen . a stream of coin cascade from the slot , rattling across he boot . int . jill apartment a wisp of blue smoke rise from the vid-phone receiver and the steel hand that hold it tighten its grasp . there be a sound like fry bacon and the receiver slowly begin to melt . int . robot breaker' warehouse Mo lean on the console , groan to himself , hand massage he forehead . mo Jesus ... oh , Jesus ... Jill . then a think occur to he and he quickly type another number into the vid-phone , feed it more change . the phone ring for a while and Mo shuffles he foot uneasily . mo come on ... come on ...! the screen flicker and a familiar face appear , the sound of distant sitar music come over the receiver . shade ayuh ... he grin at Mo , seemingly naked save for he dark glass . mo shade ! I need you help ! shade hey , uh ...wow , um ... it 's cool , but ... right now it 's , uh , kinda difficult ... do you know what time it be ? mo listen to I ! this be serious ! Jill 's in danger and you have gotta help she ! shade ( look around uneasily ) oh , jeez . oh ... Christ . it have to be tonight . he laugh nervously . mo what 's wrong ? shade my heart feel like a alligator . mo what ?! shade . what 's wrong with you ?! shade you know that tab of acid I be save ...? mo oh no ... shade yeah . I drop it . like ... Christmas can get pretty crazy on you own , y'know ? I have just be sit here stare at the star all night . the sky 's so beautiful ... int . shade ' apartment shade sit cross -legge in front of the console wear only a pair of box short , the vid -phone receiver cradle in one hand , candle burn everywhere . book on eastern philosophy and mysticism be spread on the floor around he , they page open to intricate maze and mandalas . the light in the room be turn down and outside the picture window the star really be beautiful . shade hear a soft thud and look up from the console , momentarily distract . there be a moth outside , beat against the glass , its wing silver in the moonlight . shade smile and , get to he foot , take a step toward the window , entrance by the wait star . he reach out to touch the glass , Mo 's voice grow faint and far away but still insistent . mo hey ! hey ! listen to I ! come back ! you have get to do this for I ! you have get to go down to the apartment and get Jill out of there right now ... shade ?! shade turn back to the screen . blink . finally nod , shade yeah , yeah . okay . mo ( with steady force ) go get Jill . bring she to you place and lock the door . get that ? shade what 's go on ? you in trouble with the cop again or -- mo I will tell you later ! just do it ! now ! shade okay , okay . just let I get my pants on . shade be try to climb into he pants . he almost fall over . mo ( softly ) hurry , shade . I be count on you . shade no sweat . I will be see you later , huh ? mo yeah , just watch yourself , okay ? shade oh , yeah . noooooo problem . see ya . bye . shade smile and hang up the receiver , stand silent for a moment , listen to the dull flutter of the moth 's wing beat against the glass . int . robot breaker' warehouse the vid -screen go dead and Mo turn toward the door , take a deep breath . he draw the shotgun from holster and check to make sure it 's load . mo alvy . call the police and give they my address . then take that thing ... that hand ... and melt it down . turn up the heat until there 's nothing leave ... and I do not want you to think once about what it might be worth . it 's mine by rights , anyway . alvy Mo -- mo ( cock the shotgun ) do not argue . do not say a thing . alvy all right , I will do it . Little bastard 's no friend of mine . mo ( head for the door ) thanks , alvy . maybe you be human , after all . alvy Nah . I have just get a soft spot for a endangered species . alvy point after he with the truncate hand . Mo reholster the shotgun and step out the warehouse door . the night swallow he up . int . jill apartment - night Mark 13 move slowly through the lounge , infra-re eye cut through the gloom , purring contentedly to itself as it examine the main computer terminal and then lollops on toward the bed . it halt , look down at Jill , register she sleep form as a glow puddle of energy . a printout rattles through its brain . heatform 35 degree celsius human range : 0.5 meter it reach almost tenderly toward she and she turn , sighing in she sleep . then suddenly it pause , raise its head as if listen for something , its irise widen microscopically . ext . scrapyard - night alvy walk slowly down a avenue of rusting car , gingerly clutching the wriggle hand , steam drift all around he . he stop in front of one of the scrapyard 's low brick blast furnace and stand silent as if in think . then with one deat movement he open the furnace door and hurl the hand inside , immediately slamming the door . he spin a metal wheel , sealing the furnace and turn up the heat . he lean forward , firelight shimmer on he face , peer through the reinforce glass of the narrow furnace window , watch the severe hand scamper frantically around its prison , finger scratch at the brickwork . tongues of fire flicker up through a grate in the floor and the hand go crazy , fling itself at the window . alvy step back , wiping he forehead . the temperature rise and the hand glow red , its outline soften as it begin to melt . there 's no way out , but still it refuse to give up , hurl itself again at the wall , still bang frantically at the door now just a jittering ball of fire . int . jill apartment - night Jill come suddenly awake sit up in bed , know that something be wrong . she look around to the other side of the bed for mo. he 's not there . just flat , crumpled sheet . a sharp burst of static come from the television and she look to it . something 's wrong with the set . the sound be distort , mute as if underwater , and the image have become vague and shadowy , abstract , tinged with green . she stare at it , shaking she head in confusion . behind she something glisten in the dark , pull itself up to its full height , poise like a cobra about to strike . jill Mo ? she see the remote control lie at the foot of the bed and reach forward to pick it up and that movement be the only thing that save she . a steel claw whistle past she head , so close she can feel its wind . the mattress shiver beneath she , bulg down under the weight of something only half - glimpse that 's climb over the head of the bed impossibly quickly . she yell , diving head first onto the floor , hit the ground all wrong , a dreamy puff of feather go up around she as the creature rip the mattress apart in a frenzy of tear fabric and thrashing claw . int . apartment in adjacent tower block lincoln shiver , the remote lead jump in he hand , not understanding what he see . everything across the way be a tangle of movement . something big , the size of a large dog , have take the girl 's place on the bed and seem to be eat the mattress . he squint through the lens , try to figure out what it be , but it refuse to conform with anything he 's see before . he think he glimpsis a pair of glow red eye and a bob , almost human head and shoulder but the arm and leg be all wrong , a blur of motion , limb twitching like a big , clockwork spider . he sit back , shaking he head . lincoln I be lose it . I be fuck lose it . unable to resist , he bend to the camera again and recoil almost immediately , cry out , retain only a image of eye like window into hell . he can not shake the conviction that whatever it be be watch he right through the lens , wait for he to take a look , and now it 's see he . now it know he face . he sit back , nervously pick at he acne , the beginning of a idea take form in he head . int . jill apartment Jill crouch against the wall , still clutching the remote in she hand , a blizzard of feather fall all around she . the thing seem to be building a nest in the bed , pull the sheet tight around itself . she start to edge past it , crawl slowly backwards toward the door , try not to look too steadily at it , the childish notion occure to she that if she can not see it then maybe it can not see she . a sob start to rise inside she and she bite she lip to stay quiet . when she open she eye again the creature be go . only the gape claw mark in the mattress and the twisted sheet remain to show that it even exist . she glance around herself , shiver , eye strain into the shadow , see nothing but the feather lazily drift down past the blue strobe of the television screen . ext . STREET - night Mo be run , breathe hard , he head throw back , he coat flutter around he . a pedi-cab cruise past and he chase after it , raise he hand . mo hey ! taxi ! taxi ! stop ! the pedi-cab speed up and off , Mo give up , slow to catch he breath . then he force himself on again , moan softly to himself , he foot keep time with the beat of the blood in he temple . int . jill apartment - night Jill get slowly to she foot , every muscle in she body tense , eye darting from side to side as she back toward the door . her foot strike something and she recoil . she look down and breath a sigh of relief , see she blow - torch lie on the floor where she leave it . she kneel and tentatively lift it pull on the trigger ignite a thin blue tongue of gas . she back toward the doorway , hold the blow - torch at arm 's length , feel comfort by its glow . then she look up and something she see take she breath away . the android 's head be miss from its place in the center of the scrap sculpture . slowly the truth begin to dawn on she . jill oh my God ... she turn , step across the threshold into the darken hallway crouching defensively , eye search the gloom , expect the worst . she make it as far as the door and nervously reach out to type the exit code into the wall console . her finger brush the keyboard and in the same instant the doorbell buzy . she type in the four digit code and sigh with relief as the door hiss open on its runner . she start forward . jill Mo ... thank God ... she freeze in she track . a shadowy figure be stand on the threshold . a gust of warm air through the doorway snuff flame of she torch . lincoln weinberg , Jr. , lift a camera to he eye . flash ! Jill jerk back with a yelp . lincoln lower the camera , grin . lincoln hi. jill who -- who be you ?! lincoln I be a neighbor . jill what do you want ?! lincoln ( hold out he hand ) lincoln weinberg , Jr. Jill be tear . immobilize . she do not want to let this creep in . do not want to join he outside . do not want to stay in here . he 's still hold out he hand . she glance back over she shoulder . shake he hand . lincoln I think you might need some help . jill why ? lincoln well ... he suddenly raise the camera to he eye again . flash ! she blink , disorient , irritate . lincoln do not mind I . it 's a pornographic -- photographic study I be ... work on ... sorry . jill what can I do for you ? he look past she . lincoln I want to make sure you be all right . jill I be fine . ( pause ) my boyfriend 's asleep in the other room . lincoln smile . she nod , she body . lincoln you boyfriend . tight -lipped . his eye dance up and down the length of she suddenly realize that she 's wear only the skimpy kimono -- -- and that she have a blow - torch in she hand . she point it at he . he step fever . the door lincoln you must have pretty weird taste in man . jill get out . over the threshold . a weird look in he eye . intense . he lick he lip . lincoln listen . I have to talk to you . I know a lot about you . I know thing about you that you probably do not even know about yourself ... I bet . jill ( back away ) oh , Jesus ... hiss shut behind he . lincoln whoops . jill oh , God , no !! lincoln it 's okay -- the sound of loud heavy metal come crash from the lounge and the light the hallway flicker . lincoln look bemusedly around . lincoln whoa ! what 's go on around here ? jill there 's a android run amok in my lounge !! lincoln what ?! jill my boyfriend bring it home with he from the zone . it must have reactivate itself , I do not know how . it be all in piece ! we have gotta get out of here ! lincoln it 's okay . take it easy . we can go to my place . Jill shove he aside and type a series of digit into the wall console . nothing happen . jill why do not it work ?! lincoln someone 's activate the emergency override . you can only unlock it from the main terminal . jill how do you know ? lincoln I use to be with the security and surveillance company that install all the remote camera and safety lock in this block a few year ago . you make I coffee while I be here . jill ( shaking she head ) I do not remember . lincoln that 's okay . I do not mind . the light flicker again and the music cut off . jill there be now what ? lincoln it sound like something 's overload the power grid . another abrupt burst of sound and then silence again . jill mr... lincoln ? I be scared . can you get we out of here ? lincoln where 's the main terminal ? jill in the live room . but -- lincoln do not worry . I know what I be do . here . gimme that . he 's reach for the blow-torch . she 's reluctant to hand it over . he peel he turn lincoln come on ! it from she grip and head down the hall . jill all right . keep talk so I know where you be . lincoln I be right here . jill please ? lincoln all right . toward the lounge , brandish the blow torch , while Jill crouch beside the lock door , she back against the wall . lincoln hello in there . any android in there ? come out , come out ... lincoln vanish into the gloom . for a moment there be silence . then the heavy metal music come on again , louder than before . jill ( shouting ) lincoln ! ( pause ) lincoln ?! ! lincoln 's voice come back to she , yell from the lounge . lincoln ( 0.s. ) it 's okay ! I be in here . I have find the terminal . there 's nothing in here ! she furrow she brow doubtfully . after a moment , she tiptoe back into the lounge and see lincoln stand beside the bed , stare at the claw mark in the mattress . he look at she with a bit of a leer . lincoln hot night , huh ? Jill be not really listen . her gaze be scan the room . lincoln you and the boyfriend really tore up the sheet . heh . she 's still look worriedly about . he follow she gaze . shrugge . lincoln I tell you . ( then ) what 's he name ? jill whose ? lincoln you boyfriend 's . jill ... mose . lincoln mose . jeez . some name . he 's not around much , be he ? you should get a guy who do not leave you alone so much . jill you can stop talk now . his face go blank for a second . then he grin . lincoln what if i sing ? you want I to sing ? jill I do not care . just get we out of here . lincoln ( crossing to the console ) let 's see ... um ...how about this ? ( snap he finger ) dum. dum. dum . ( type on the keyboard ) oh we all walk the wibberlee wobberlee walk . oh we all talk the wibberlee wobberlee talk . and we all wear wibberlee wobberlee tie . and we look at all the pretty girl with wibberlee wobberlee eye . oh - kay ! that should do it . he give she a amiable smile . she gesture toward the door with she head . jill good . let 's go . he frown . bite he lower lip . lincoln wait . why would you ...? she just want out . jill why would I what ? lincoln nothing . I just wanna ... jill wanna what ?! lincoln you blind . jill what about they ?! the window blind be close . the one through which lincoln be watch she . he start off toward they , snap he finger again . try to act casual . lincoln dum. dum. dum . oh we all sing the the wibberlee wobberlee song . until day be daw-n ... he cross the window , make a feeble attempt at dance , look quite absurd in he baseball cap and Hawaiian shirt , clutching the blow - torch in one hand . lincoln and we all have that wibberlee wobberlee feel in the morning . ( smile back at she ) you do not want to keep this close . you will not see Santa Claus come . he pull the sash , open the blind . a red light fall across he and he smile freeze . there be a face look back at he from the other side of the blind . a thin , malevolent face with eye like fire , one side dark as night , ablaze with the star , the other a misty blue blur of airbrush cloud . it seem to smile at he and he notice that its tooth be hypodermic needle . he realize that he should try to get back but he can not seem to tear himself away from the creature 's gaze . slowly the angel reach out for he , the slat of the blind crumpling around it and as if from a great distance he hear Jill begin to scream . steel hand enfold he and he feel himself lift from the ground . he give himself over to the embrace , the blow - torch drop from he numbe finger . perhaps this be what he come for . perhaps this , at last , be love . this angel place a hand on he face as if in absolution . spark dance in he eye and he begin to burn . his leg twitch , dance in the air . there be a smell like burn rubber . his axial vertebrae dislocate with a sharp crack and blue smoke rise in a plume from he hair . then , in a final instant of white hot ecstacy , the angel slide a power drill into he groin and its electrify finger punch through he eye into he brain . everything let go at once , blood and urine jetting across the venetian blind . to the the android 's heat sensor the blood be a liquid , golden light . it open up more hole with its drill , let out the light , digging deep into the husk , look for the source . the light wash over its hand and then begin to fade . Mark 13 let lincoln crumple to the floor , still sit astride he , riding out he final spasm , smoke rise all around it . slowly the light die . Jill scream and scream , try to shut out the wet tear sound as the android disembowel he , the drill whining sharply as it grate against one of he rib . Mark 13 twitches ecstatically , bang lincoln 's head against the floor as it work its finger ever deeper into he skull . int . apartment downstair one of the neighbor , a middle - age chinese woman in a dowdy blue nightgown , climb onto a table and begin to bang on the ceiling with a broom handle . int . jill apartment Mark 13 drop the messy remain of lincoln 's head with a dull thump , its limb suddenly still , listen to the bang on the floor , realize somewhere deep inside it 's damage brain that it still have work to do . it pivot around , infra-re eye search for the girl . int . hallway Jill be frantically stabbing the code into the wall console . she step back , wait for the door to open . it do not . jill no !! she swallow a scream . try the code . try to rein herself in . carefully press each digit . nothing happen . she hit the keypad with she fist . int . guardroom - night Chief and Vernon sit hunch over a chess board , chinese rock not roll turn up to full volume on Chief 's transistor radio , echoing off bare concrete wall that be line with video monitor and page tear from pin- up magazine . Vernon take one of Chief 's pawn , grin , the end of he tongue pinch between he front tooth . vernon pow ! pow ! pow ! boom ! Chief slide he bishop across the board . chief check and mate . Vernon slap himself on the head . vernon oh , wha ! how would you do that ? I do not see that come . Vernon bend over the board , peer myopically at the piece , retrace the move . chief sicilian manuever . that 's how you bett computer when you play them . machine do not understand sacrifice and neither do moron . Chief cuff Vernon hard across the ear , send he tumble from he stool . chief read some chess book , you jerk ! vernon ( hold he head ) ow ! ow - wow-wow ! int . jill apartment - night Jill be lean she forehead against the cool metal of the door . stymy . something clatter loudly in the room behind she and she turn with a whimper . int . lounge Red light touch the spider web as Mark 13 peer into the tank . it see movement in the web and detect life but there be no temperature read . Mark 13 incline its head as if in think , then raise one hand , try to attract the spider 's attention . its steel finger scratch against the glass but the spider do not respond . the android 's retina 's expand , watch but not understanding . int . hallway Jill hear the sound of break glass . she feel the urge to scream and raise she hand , bite it hard , almost draw blood . she peer into the gloom . a soft mechanical whir come from the darkness and she pull back , flatten herself against the wall . the whir grow louder and another sound grow with it . the throb of a engine turn over , slowly gain power , gear whining impatiently . she close she eye and jam she hand over she ear . suddenly the light come on in the hallway and music come blaring at full volume . " Silent night , Holy night " Jill shake she head slowly back and forth . jill ( quietly ) oh , God , help I ... the carol play on ... " all be calm , all be bright ... " int . lounge Mark 13 's sit at the central terminal now , riding the console , its nervous system plugge directly into the main frame , spark fly all around it , finger twitching wildly across the keyboard . int . hallway the light blink off again and Jill begin to edge down the passage , keep she back to the wall . the Christmas carol stop , then start again , come at she in disorient spurt . she reach the kitchen door and the light go on again , then start to blink rapidly , reach the hypnotic frequency of a strobe before sparking and short out entirely . Jill back into the darken kitchen . the timer bell go off in the microwave behind she and she spin fearfully around . she see the LED 's flash chaotically on the wall console and she blender whirring out of control , a thin blue ribbon of smoke pour from its motor . the coffee maker overboil with a splutter and she pull back as scalding liquid spray across the counter . she see a red slow rise from the overheate toaster and a electric carve knife lie whirring and twitching to itself on the sideboard . then suddenly everthing go quiet . she look up , know what 's go to come next . a movement flicker in the hallway and she see the gleam of two red eye cut through the darkness they beam highlight like laser by the drift smoke . she pull back against the wall , whimper , know she 's come to a dead end . then in a flash of inspiration she realize something . jill ( under she breath ) infra-re ! the bastard 's work on infra-re ! she crouch , pull open the freezer and frantically rip out its shelf , send the content clatter to the floor . she hear the whir of servo-motor as the android approach and without another think she climb into the freezer , curling herself up to make herself as small as possible . she shiver , she bare skin brush against frost metal . she ram she hand into she mouth , try to remain absolutely still , try not to even breath . infra-re eye pierce the darkness of the kitchen and the android appear silhouett in the doorway , its steel claw scratching on the linoleum . its head revolve with a whir and for a moment its look right at she , then it look past she and away , whirring angrily to itself . suddenly it swing itself across floor so quickly that Jill almost lose sight of it . it reach out and wrench the cupboard door off its hinge . there be a explosion of shatter crockery . Jill stifles a yell as shard of break porcelain rattle to the floor around she . the wreckage subside and the android freeze , stand inhumanly still , head cocked to one side as if listen . Jill hold she breath , she eye wander across the Formica countertop , lighting at last on the thing she 's be look for . the circular power see she be use earlier that evening , lie now on a shelf opposite the freezer beside she airbrush and two can of polyurethane spray paint . then she eye fall to the space below the shelf and she see the two cylinder of oxy - acetylene gas and a plan of action begin to take form in she head . she breath out slowly , watch fearfully as she breath steam in the light of the open freezer . now the android see the plume of steam . now it turn . now it 's look right at she and she return its stare without flinching . it hop toward she , head still cocked to one side , heat sensor confuse by the cold air stream from the freezer . it stop only a arm 's length away from she and , reach out blindly , begin to feel its way around the cold spot . Jill cower back as far as she can , numbe by the cold gradually creep into she , try to will herself not to shiver . the android 's hand narrowly miss she foot , close on a jar of mayonnaise . it withdraw the jar , hold it up for closer inspection . its finger tighten and the jar shatter , mayonnaise spattering to the floor in big round globule . Jill gasp involuntarily . the android drop the remain of the jar and reach back into the freezer , its hand feel its way toward she tremble face . then from far off in the apartment come the sound of the doorbell ringing . the android freeze again , deadly still , its fingertip barely a inch from Jill 's terrify eve . int . stairway - night shade stand outside the lock door , shifting uneasily from foot to foot , chew a piece of bubble gum . he press the doorbell again , frown . then he bang on it with he fist . shade jill ! hey , jill ! you in there ? int . kitchen Jill hear the muffle knock but do not dare move a muscle . she hold she breath , try not to let she heart beat too fast . the steel hand waver before she eye . int . stairway shade shake he head , dumbfounded . shade jeez . he lean back against the railing , crossing he arm and blow a big , sticky bubble . int . kitchen the steel hand waver and fall , withdraw from the freezer . Jill breathes out softly . the android take a step backwards , its head pivote toward the door . Jill inch forward , she eye on the power see . it 's lie just in front of she , its handle stick out over the edge of the shelf . the android take another step toward the doorway and Jill slowly reach out , hold she breath again . the android pause . listen . she lean further forward and she hand fasten on the power see 's hilt , she finger so numb with cold she can barely feel it . after that everything happen really fast . the android turn in one fluid movement , its eye find she . and Jill be already on she foot , brandish the power see with both hand . and the android be come across the kitchen at she in a horrid blur of motion . and she could swear it 's grin at she . and then the power see buzy into life and she 's scream at the top of she lung . jill eat this ! motherfucker ! ! ! the see descend in a furious arc and the android fling up one hand to shield its face , suddenly realize its peril . there be a flash of spark and three of the android 's finger go clatter to the floor where they lie twitching like inch-worm . the see blade catch the creature in the chest and Jill scream as a streak of spark and metal splinter fountain into the air . the android scream , too , and for the first time Jill hear Mark 13 's voice : a terrible mechanical mewling , so low it 's more feel than hear , like a bass note from a synthesizer . the creature shake itself , arm flail wildly , and Jill feel she own arm laid open from the elbow down , almost to the bone , by one of the thrashing talon . there be a sharp metallic clang as a claw strike one of the oxy- acetylene cylinder and a jet of compress gas begin to scream from a ruin valve . the android lunge backwards , jerk the power see out of she hand . it collide with the remain of the cupboard and lose its balance , writhe amidst the break crockery , try to dislodge the blade from its chest , spark leaping from its joint . it fling the spin blade away and the see sail across the room into the lounge . Jill can not stop scream but she scream be a cry of rage . she grab one of the spray can and then begin to fumble desperately with the valve of the second oxy - acetylene cylinder , blood run in rivulet down she arm . there be a high - pitch whistle and she stagger back as the valve open , venting the tank 's content in a thin , vaporous stream . laugh and cry at the same time , Jill tumble toward the door , cough as the room fill with gas . the android lunge forward , hydraulic fluid drip thickly from its chest , and its steel finger encircle she ankle . she fall with a shriek , claw at the hall carpet with blood -slick hand , remorselessly pull back , inch by inch , into the gas-fill kitchen . there be a loud whine and she see the android 's drill arm spin into life , reach slowly up between she bare leg . she brandish the spray can in one hand and then , reach in she pocket , she triumphantly withdraw she cigarette lighter . ext . stairway Mo come pound up the last flight of step , he face livid with exertion . mo jill ! he see shade stand near the apartment door and grab he , shaking he so violently that he dark glass almost fly off . mo where be she ?! shade hey , I do not know , man ! she would not answer the door ! Mo practically hurl he down the step . mo then get help ! ! Mo fling himself against the door , pounding he fist on the steel plate . mo jill ! jill ! i'm coming !! he wail in frustration , tear welling in he eye . int . kitchen - night the shriek of escape gas fill the room , almost drown out the sound of Jill 's cry . the spin drill arm hang over she , poise itself with surgical precision . she lash out at the android 's face with she free foot as the creature hunker closer to she , its retinas widen in anticipation . she snarl at it , she face twisted in rage and reach suddenly out with the spray can she draw a line of black polyurethane paint across its eye . the android whine , clutching at its face , and Jill kick free from its grip , plunging backwards down the corridor . she lose she foot and go down on one knee as she pull the pack of acapulco gold from she pocket . already the android be look for she again , crouching in the kitchen doorway , gather its energy for another attack . she spin the lighter kindling the whole packet , wait impatiently for the flame to take hold . she look up , right into the android 's eye , a thin smile touch she lip . then she stagger to she foot , hurl the blaze cigarette pack and diving for cover . the android reach out and effortlessly snatch the blaze pack from the air like a star outfielder . then everything explode . ext . stairway the lock door shudder and Mo scream , fling himself against the steel plate . int . jill apartment Jill cover she head with she hand as shard of hot metal rain around she . her sleeve catch fire and she roll on the ground to smother it , crawl across the blacken carpet toward the lounge . somewhere a fire alarm have begin to ring . the air seem fill with oily wisp like seed from a black dandelion and , look up , she see that the kitchen simply be not there anymore . the doorway at the end of the hallway be act like a chimney , the air shimmer with heat . she catch the flame for a while , half expect something to move within the inferno and then something do but it be only a blaze wall - fitting subside in a cloud of spark . she stare into the flame until the sweat evaporate and she feel she eyebrow shrivel . then , satisfied at last , she get to she foot and limp back into the lounge , cradling she wounded arm against she chest . she stand on the threshold , surveying she apartment . the tangle scrap sculpture . the twisted venetian blind and blood-stain wall . the tear sheet and gut mattress . the melt telephone receiver dangle slackly on its cord . lincoln 's body sprawle beside the window , he Hawaiian shirt dark with drying blood , a white drift of feather strewn all around he . she shake she head . jill God , what a fuck mess . the steel door hiss open at the end of the hall and she feel the cool night wind on she body and she turn to see Mo silhouett in the doorway , Chief and Vernon on either side of he , craning they neck to see inside . Mo seem frighten . she start forward , shrugging to show it 's all right and then , as if in a dream , she see he draw he shotgun and level it at she head . mo get down ! she scream and dive headlong to the floor , feel something hot whistle past the back of she neck . she roll , hugging the carpet , catch a brief glimpse of a inhuman figure stand over she . a writhe , jittering column of live fire . then the shotgun jump in Mo 's hand and the burn android be blow backwards through the doorway into the lounge . Mo dash past she follow by the Chief and Vernon and she hear he reload the shotgun . then someone 's stand beside she , lift she in he arm . she bury she face in shade ' flight jacket and begin to cry . int . lounge Mo stand in the doorway , the shotgun cradle in he arm , Chief and Vernon flanking he , clutching they automatics . chief ( look at the devastation ) Jesus Christ ! the android stand beside the console , wisp of flame rise from it like tongue of fire in a religious fresco . as one they level they firearm and the creature lunge toward they , tracking flame across the carpet , emit a deep bass tone as it come . Mo 's shotgun leap in he arm and the creature whirl frenziedly across the room , take the full force of the blast . Chief and Vernon OPEN FIRE with they automatics , they bullet ricocheting off the android 's titanium shell . it lunge backwards against the window and the glass in one of the pane crack behind it . it try to come at they again , its arm tangling in the remain of the venetian blind . Mo slip another shell into he shotgun and step forward , shoot it in the chest . part of the android 's breastplate disintegrate in a mass of spark and then the window finally give way . for a moment it teeter on the edge , surround by a blizzard of glass , then it be qone , plunging backwards into the night , and all that be leave be the roar of the city come through the break window and the sound of glass and debris cascade to the street thirty floor below . Mo relax slowly , come down . he lower he shotgun as Chief and Vernon go run past he , look for a fire extinguisher . he hear something move behind he and turn to see Jill stand in the doorway , stare at the window , she face streak with tear . he step toward she , reach out to take she in he arm , but she pull away . jill where be you ?! she sit down on the end of the bed and begin to tear one of the sheet into strip , bandage she arm . mo let I look at that . jill I can take care of it . Mo decide to remain ouiet . he lean back against the wall by the door . he hear the hissss of fire extinguishers come from the hall . shade wander past , whistling through he tooth . shade mama-mia . he kneel next to lincoln 's corpse , shaking he head . then he look up at the break window and the sky beyond . he seem mesmerize by the view . he rise to a stand position . gazing out . Chief turn off the fire alarm and duck back into the room . chief Fire 's out . I be go to call the cop and get a ambulance . mo I already have somebody call . they should have be here by now . chief there be a big riot downtown . probably have they hand full . something about that new bill . Chief duck back out . jill figure . she stand , broodingly . jill why waste they time force birth control on we ? why not just send a few of that metal fucker into the street ? she look at Mo . he do not have a answer . she join shade at the window , look out . the smog have clear and the star be still bright over rooftop , the the sky a deep , rich blue , and on the far horizon be the first glow of dawn . Jill watch the sky slowly change hue . it be criss -cross with vapor trail . High up a supersonic jet be barrel along on the edge of the stratosphere , head someplace else . jill ( softly ) I want out from here . I want to get away . shade look at she . Mo have cross the room and be stand behind she . shade look at the floor , step away from they . mo it 's gonna be all right . thing be gonna change . she squeeze she eye shut . dully : jill how much worse can they get ? mo I mean for the better . he put a hand on she shoulder . mo ... I will be here . she sigh raggedly . she almost smile . her voice be a hoarse whisper . jill for how long ? he look out the window at the change sky . then at the back of she head . mo from now on . I be gonna stay here with you . ( beat ) if you will let I . several second pass . then she turn to he , a smile flicker on she lip . he give she a cheeky smile in return . he let he hand fall to he side . mo you will be safe with I . I will look after ya . she lean she head against he chest and they wrap they arm tightly around each other . shade walk out of the apartment , mutter something inaudible , stare at the floor all the way . suddenly Jill tighten up . she slide she palm up to Mo 's chest and draw back . look he square in the eye . realizing something ... jill you never have to go back , do you ? that be a lie , be not it ? you contract be up . he do not answer . his face be blank . then finally he start to shake he head and -- -- a blacken steel hand reach up through the window -- and grab she by the hair ! spin she around to face the night . Mo start forward with a cry but he be only human and thus far too slow . mo no !!!! he catch a fleeting glimpse of a glisten metallic shape cling like a spider to the outside of the apartment block and he raise he shotgun , try to take aim , but Jill 's body be in the way . then the android haul she from he view , pull she head - first through the break window , blood spattering around she . he hear she shriek and see she leg kick for a moment before the creature release she and she fall away into the night . Mo raise the gun , firing into the darkness , glass tinkling all around he , he mouth stretch wide laughing , crying , scream , firing again and again ... ext . apartment block - night the power line break Jill 's fall . she lash out with one hand , grab onto the cable , cry out in pain , she foot swinging in space . she reach up with she other hand to grip the cable more firmly and then just hang there for awhile , she head droop . she feel blood run down she body and there be a dull pain in she forehead . she realize that she 's be badly hurt , but she can not get she thought together much beyond that . she hear someone shouting in the distance and a sound like thunder . Mo 's voice drift back to she from earlier that evening , try to explain something to she in he typical half - joke , half - serious manner , he voice small and faint , come from a long way off . mo they tell you not to look down when you climb a cliff , but why not ? the view be beautiful . she smile at he reassurance . she open she eye and look down see she bare foot dangle below she , streak with blood , crimson droplet fall away to the street thirty floor below . she close she eye and scream . int . jill apartment Mo 's head be bow , hand clench on the shotgun , eye tightly shut , when he hear she scream . he lift he head . can not believe what he 's hearing . leap forward and lean out the break window , he steel hand clutching the buckle frame . Jill be swinging from the power line only a few foot below he , she knuckle white . he start to clamber through the break glass step out onto a narrow , brick parapet , the night wind murmure about he . he call she name and she eyelid flicker . mo jill ! jill mo ! help I ! i'm slipping ! mo I can 't ! you 're hanging on a power line ! if I touch you we'll both fry ! jill help I ! GOD ! mo you 've got to try and jump ! there 's no other way ! jill I can't do it ! Mo look down and see the startle face of the downstairs neighbor peer through the curtain of they live room window , immobile as waxwork . mo theres' a window just in front of you ! you 've got to do it ! jill I can ’t do it ! mo you can ! then something move just below the ledge and Mo go pale . there be a sputter of short wiring and Jill scream as she hear the electric whir of the android 's servo-motor . the creature be cling to a fusebox just below the parapet , draw in energy , spark seethe like firefly all around it . Mo level the shotgun as the creature reach out toward Jill 's dangle body . mo jill ! swing ! it's coming !! swing for the love of christ ! swing and jump !! Jill start try to swing herself toward the window . the android 's claw arc through the air . she gather momentum , she kimono flap around she in crimson tatter . the metal claw be inch away and with a explosion of spark the power line snap under the strain and Jill let go in mid-sw , launching herself with a scream toward the light window , the street yawn beneath she . int . jill apartment - night earlier that evening . Jill fall backwards in the chair , laugh , Mo stand over she . int . apartment downstair - night the live room window burst in a shower of glass and scream chinese people dive for cover as Jill come crash foot first into they life , landing awkwardly on the coffee table , upend a bowl of stale cocktail snack and come to rest in a heap on the floor , one leg twisted under she , blood trickle in a thin stream from she nose and pool on the carpet . it 's very red against she pale skin . the severe power cable hiss and SPARKS , twist beside she as if alive . ext . ledge Mo creep along the parapet , still hold onto the window frame with one hand . he see the android scramble to pull itself back into the apartment and he snarl at it , strike it in the face with the butt of he shotgun , try to break its grip on the ledge . mo go to hell , you bastard ! the creature look up at he , freezing he with its gaze . Red light glint in Mo 's eye , sweat bead on he forehead . he shiver , try to look away . the creature seem to be smile at he , now , a great , groovy death 's head grin . then it simply let go of the parapet , snake one hand around Mo 's ankle as it fall . Mo yell , lose he balance , feel the window frame give beneath he weight , the street light spin far below he . int . stairway - night shade be already run on the stair when he see the door of the apartment downstairs burst open and a distraught chinese couple come run out onto the landing , scream for help . he dash down the flight , push past they into the light doorway . int . apartment downstair the chinese woman scream something inarticulate at shade , grasp at he sleeve and try to hold he back . he push she away and manage to keep at arm 's length as he struggle down the corridor into the lounge . he shove she away and crunch over break glass as he approach Jill 's body . shade oh no . he bend and lift she , she away from the hold she gently in he arm as he drag snake power cable , chant a mantra under he breath to try to make thing all right . ext . ledge Mo clenches he tooth , he eye bulg as he try to haul himself back into the apartment . the electric motor in he hand whine in protest , frame on the verge of give out completely , the window slowly buckle beneath the combine weight of both he and the creature that dangle from he foot . he want to grab the window frame with he other hand , but can not bring himself to let go of the shotgun . his hand slip slowly downward , about to give way . he close he eye . int . jill apartment - night earlier that evening . Mo kissing Jill lightly on the cheek as she sleep . mo ( whisper ) I will be back . ext . ledge - night Mo 's ankle dislocate with a sharp crack and he scream . ext . STREET - day earlier that day . shade walk beside he , expound . shade New York , Max . that 's the place to make it , now . think about it . ext . ledge - night Mo 's eye toll back , head tilt back , moan through clench tooth ... mo do not ... call I ... Max . Mo laugh , the roar of the street rise all around he ... int . jill apartment - night Jill lie beside he in the dark . his finger caress she . jill it 's good to have you here , mose . mo it 's good to be here . dissolve through : ext . apartment block - night Jill 's body sailing through the picture window , streak with blood , glass burst in a spray around she . dissolve to : ext . ledge - night Mo shout , he cry of rage go out over the rooftop . he pull himself upwards , muscle strain , vein stand like cord in he neck and arm . he haul himself over the windowsill like a man do a berserk chin - up under a unfair burden , fling himself to carpet , landing on he shoulder and roll , the creature crawl fast up he leg , eye blaze . a steel claw flash through the air , talon glint in the half - light , and Mo reach out to block the blow . he grasp the android by the wrist with he mechanical hand and squeeze , force the arm slowly back , one of its control cable snap with a loud twang like a break guitar string . he bring up the shotgun with he other hand , try to level it at the creature 's head , but it be still too fast for he . it lunge foreward and he feel a sharp , sting pain as it bite into he forearm . he release he grip on the creature 's hand , slamm he knee into its damage chest , drive it backwards . the creature regains its balance . Mo ram the shotgun against its head , pull the trigger on both barrel . there be a flash of light and a deafen concussion and half the creature 's head disintegrate in a whirl of spark , one of the lamp - like eye snuffing out forever . it roll screeching and writhe across the floor , clutching at the remain of its head , spark rise from its expose brain pan , its face a mess of expose circuitry and trail wire . Mo whoops with delight , reloading the shotgun . the creature crawl across the blacken carpet , try to hide behind the computer terminal . mo ( chortling ) you can run ... he stand to give chase , but he wounded foot give way beneath he and he pitch to the floor . he sit up , feel a dull pain throbbing in he good hand . he raise it and see two small needle mark in he forearm . a drop of inky fluid ooze slowly from one of the puncture and the vein in he arm be gradually darken , he skin rise in blister around the wound . mo oh my God ... he look up and it be as if the apartment be on fire again , psychedelic pink and blue flicker across the wall . he think he see the damage android watch he , its steel finger work on the wiring of the main computer terminal , plugging itself back into the main frame . everything in the apartment seem to be come to life now , the scrap sculpture writhe and whisper on the wall , ventilation tube coiling like snake across the ceiling and melt baby twist they head to watch he with they dead black eye . he shake he head wildly from side to side , cry out , try to hang on to he sanity . int . apartment downstair - dawn Jill swim slowly back to consciousness , a ring of face peer down at she . several chinese people be watch over she , the chinese woman who life there try to feed she a bowl of soup . several vagrant and squatter crowd into the room , lure by the commotion . Chief come push through they , clutching a baseball bat , and as if dream Jill see he lip move , say something , he voice impossibly slow . chief get back . the ambulance be here . we be gonna move she , now . she feel something cool on she bend over she face and look up she see shade splash water on she forehead . then she try to sit up , suddenly frighten . jill mo ! shade try to hold she down . shade it 's all right ! just stay quiet now . everything 's gonna be all right . ( beat ) there 's nothing you can do . she push he away , sit up , realize that she 's be lie wrap in a blanket on a couch in the downstairs neighbor ' lounge . her eye search the face of the onlooker . jill mo ! where be you ?! int . jill apartment - lounge - dawn Mo stretch out he steel hand , draw he boot knife . he clenches he tooth and plunge the knife into he forearm . blood and black ichor gush from the wound and he bellows with pain . he raise he arm , suck desperately at it , spitting out a mouthful of warm , bitter fluid . he feel he nervous system start to shut down and he raise the knife again . he know he have to cut deeper into the infect vein but he can not seem to get it together . he try to call for help , but all he can emit be a thick , syrupy grunt that go nowhere , die in he throat . the apartment be blaze , now , light stream up from everywhere . he see Jill 's wringht iron owl try to tear itself off the wall , its steel wing flutter with impossible life . he feel that he 's drown , sink down into a floor that have suddenly take on the consistency of warm mud . Far back in he mind , someone 's try to tell he something . something important that he 's forget . int . robot breaker' warehouse - night alvy hover over the blueprint . alvy ... be testing a bunch of they out on the dune sea , but there be a fuck up . seem there be one structural defect . a Achilles heel in the insulation system ... the dwarf point at one of the diagram and Mo feel himself fall forward , lose in the spin schematic that unfold before he and turn into a glow , computer - generate mandala . he realize that he have lose consciousness and struggle to find he way out of the maze and back to sanity . alvy 's face swim before he , grotesquely distort , emerge from a sea of circuitry . it point at he and grin . alvy ... in the insulation system ! int . lounge Mo cry out , he eye snap open , the knife still clutch in he hand . the android be sit astride the main terminal , now , draw power out of its matrix , slowly gain strength once more . it raise its arm like the branch of a metal tree and somehow it seem insanely beautiful . like the rig veda . goddess kali and the dance of death . he begin to laugh . Jill 's voice come to he again , whisper from another time stream . jill ( v.0 . ) ooh ! Jesus God ! he 's beautiful ... alvy ( v.0 . ) it can kill you in second and even make you enjoy it . jill ( v.0 . ) what a monster . alvy ( v.0 . ) ... enjoy it ... he look into Mark 13's eye and smile , find comfort in the red glow . he no longer fear it . in the end everything be perfect after all . int . apartment downstair - dawn Jill struggle to she foot , on the edge of panic , now , the onlooker crowd in around she . jill mose ! Chief step forvard put a hand on she shoulder , try to calm she . chief please , Jill . listen to I . you can not -- she shove he hard in the chest and he stagger back . she snatch the baseball bat from he hand and begin to push through the crowd , feel something graft inside she leg . jill i'm coming , mo ! just hang on ! int . lounge Mo no longer have the strength to laugh . the knife waver and fall from he hand and he step forward out of he body into Jill 's wait arm . mo fun , huh ? jill ( ruffling he hair ) do not go , mose . do not ever go away again . mo I be not go anywhere . they kiss and the kiss go on forever . then he 's back lean against the wall on the floor , he eye close , he head drop slowly forward , mouth slack , heart beat slow ... there be a sound : a grow high - pitch whine . it might be in he head . he whisper , but no one be there to hear he . mo I be sorry ... Jill ... then he be still . lifeless . the only sound in the room be the approach metallic whine . the android be hold aloft Jill 's circular see . it hunker over Mo 's crumpled form , the see blade a whirling blur . ext . stairwell - dawn Jill struggle painfully up the step , clutching the baseball bat , the blanket tie around she like a cloak . she turn to glare down at the gather mob , threaten they with the bat to keep they at bay as a red dawn break across the rooftop . shade and the Chief stand at they forefront . shade hold out he hand to she . shade okay , Jill , that 's enough . what do you think you be go to do with that ? she swing the bat at he . jill get away from I ! shade leap back with a yelp and Jill drag herself up onto the landing in front of she apartment , hold onto the railing for support . the door be open . Vernon be peer warily into the apartment , squeezing he automatic tightly in a sweaty grip . he jump , startle , as Jill near he . jill get out of my way , Vernon ! vernon you do not want to go in there , miss Monroe . jill I say get out of my way , goddamnit !! vernon it 's still in there !!! jill so be mo !! Vernon glance over she shoulder . Jill spin around to find the Chief come up to grab she . she swing the bat at he head yelling at the top of she lung . Chief take a step back , startle more by she shriek than the bat . Jill turn and make a dash for the open door , wince at the pain in she leg . Vernon start forward and she swing the bat at he , clipping he in the side of the head with a hollow thok . he reel back , daze . she limp quickly across the threshold into the darken apartment . behind she the Chief and Vernon be yell at each other but she do not look back . int . jill apartment Jill stagger across the burn - out hallway , head for the lounge , she own head throbbing , fill with fire . she reel drunkenly , lean on the bat for support . she know she 's near the limit of she strength but there 's something she have to do . behind she , Vernon start across the threshold , Chief and shade right behind he . int . lounge the android be still plugge into the main terminal . it sense the movement in the hall and reach out , finger darting across the keyboard , the expose matrix of its brain glow with light . int . hallway there be a hiss of hydraulics and the apartment door slide home on its runner , its control circuit sparking , close to overload . Chief see the door close and make a dive for it . he do not make it . the door catch he just above the hip , squeezing he against the frame , drive the wind out of he , he body armor crumpling . the hydraulics squeal . the door automatically reopen . Chief gasp , try to get up , but there seem to be something wrong with he leg . shade grab he by the foot , try to pull he back across the threshold . Vernon turn , too slow , he gaze meeting Chief 's for a moment . Chief 's eye be wide with fear . int . lounge the android hit the keyboard again , overload the system . int . hallway the door ram home on its piston and the Chief 's body unhinge at the waist . his arm twitch , he mouth wide open , vomit a dark jet of blood so thick it 's almost solid . shade stagger back against the railing , still clutching Chief 's leg . Vernon fall to he knee and throw up on the carpet . Jill look away , sobbing , staggering into the lounge , the baseball bat raise in front of she . behind she , the door begin to slice open and close , over and over , the runner grease with blood , spark shower from the control console . int . lounge - dawn Jill slowly cross the room , glance warily about . then she see Mo and start forward with a gasp , kneel beside he , momentarily forget she own peril . she touch he and he head tip slackly to one side . behind the half - close lid he eye be dull as marble . Jill shiver , a sob rise inside she jill oh , Mo ... Mo ... why could not you wait for I ...? she reach out , softly touch he face , straighten he hair , lean forward as if to kiss he ... jill I love you ... she notice that she 's kneel in a pool of blood that have spread beneath he . his leave arm be fold under he torso . she turn he over . his robot prosthetic hand be miss , severe from he wrist . Dark fluid drool from the stump . Jill recoil with a gasp , staggering to she foot . she turn , brandish the baseball bat , scream , mind tilting slowly into madness . jill GOD damn you !!! but the android be already go from behind the console . she can see no sign of it but know it must be somewhere close . she hear a stealthy movement behind she and spin around ina black rage . Vernon be stand in the doorway , pale with shock , automatic clutch in he tremble hand . vernon what be we gonna do now ?!! we can not get out !! what be we gonna fucking do ?!!! jill ( raise the bat ) shut up ! you want I to hit you with this again ?! ! Vernon vehemently shake he head . jill then just shut the fuck up ! vernon ( sobbing ) but ...but ... it 's gonna kill we . it get the Chief . you can not stop it . we be gonna die ! she turn slowly , scan for the creature , nodd . jill yeah , eventually . not today . vernon you ... promise ? jill ( nodd ) Cross my heart and ... you know the rest . she hobble over to the computer terminal . Vernon step warily into the room , he eye search the wreckage . he see a dark stain on the floor and stare at it . a drop of hydraulic fluid hit he on the cheek and he glance up at the ceiling . Mark 13 grin down at he , hang from the light fixture , one hand plugge into the power socket . Vernon have just enough to time to let out a strangle yell before the creature grab he by the face and lift he off the floor . his automatic fall to the carpet , discharge a single shot . jill no ! no ! no ! Vernon 's foot shudder in mid-air and then begin to smoke as current surge through he . Jill cover she eye as the creature fling the security guard against the wall like a big , break doll , and jump eagerly down after he . through she finger she see Mark 13 scuttle over to the wall console that use to control the lighting and stereo system and plug one hand into the power matrix . it shudder orgasmically , draw more energy into its storage battery and beginning to carve up Vernon 's twitching body with its drill arm . jill why don't you come after I , you little power junkie ?! you scare ?! the android glance back at she over its shoulder as if catch in the midst of a sexual act . it shift uneasily , drag Vernon 's body deeper into the shadow , as if embarrassed . then something occur to Jill . she bend over the computer terminal , frantically tyo a series of digit into the keyboard . a complex map of the apartment 's power grid flash across the terminal 's visual display . she grin , pinpoint the android and type in another command . the android 's brain matrix appear on the screen and she look up to see that the creature have turn once again and be watch she with its single , baleful eye . ( page missing ) jill you have be program incorrectly ! I be not the enemy and this be not the zone . I be a unemployed scrap sculptress and this be a residential building . the android seem to be think . then : jill you need to be reprogrammed . what be you memory bank access code ? MARK 13 access code classified . jill how do you brain work . tell I about you design . MARK 13 oh . we all walk the wibberlee wobberlee walk and we all talk the wibberlee wobberlee talk and we all wear wibberlee wobberlee tie and we look at all the pretty girl with wibberlee wobberlee eye oh ! in a blur the android disengage itself from the wall console and come clatter across the room at she . she swing the bat , striking it hard in the head . spark shoot from its expose brain and it stumble back a step as Jill retreat toward the door . it come at she again and she swing the bat once more , yelling as the impact shiver up she arm . she stumble into the hallway , whirling the bat around she in a attempt to keep the android at bay . she turn , catch a glimpse of shade watch helplessly from the other side of the malfunction door . her guard falter for a second . shade jill watch out ! she spin around and the android be almost upon she . she yell , a animal cry of rage , batter crazily at the android 's head and expose brain , keep it at bay as she back down the hall . she brace herself against the bathroom door , make a stand as the android come at she again . she lash out but the android deflect the blow and she lose she grip on the bat , send it crashing through the glass shower partition . one of Mark 13 's claw catch she on the jaw and she reel backwards , landing awkwardly on the tile floor of the shower cubicle , the cut in she scalp reopening , blood trickle down she forehead into she eye . her hand fumble blindly across the break glass , reach for the handle of the baseball bat . Mark 13 come at she fast , now , talon scratching across the wet tiling , pin she down with its newly - acquire prosthetic hand . the red warning light on the back of the other hand blink to life . she scream . a severe power cable sputter in the creature 's damage chest but nothing happen . Jill realize why the android have to plug itself into the power socket before electrocute Vernon . Mark 13 's drill arm whirs to life , telescoping out toward she about to finish something it start once before . Jill scream , she head twist from side to side , she leg thrashing , she hand claw in vain at the android 's armored breastplate . ext . stairway - dawn shade watch miserably through the swiftly open - and-close door . breathe in and out through he nose . mouth shut tight . he close he eye at the sound of another scream . ext . stairwell - day earlier that day . Mo turn to shade on the stair . look at he seriously . mo ... when I be not around . see nothing happen to she , okay ? promise I that ? ext . stairway - dawn shade open he eye and mouth . drawing a long breath . stepping back . watch the door slam open and close . count under he breath . close he eye again . humming softly to himself . try to match the tone of the electrical pulse that power the door . he open he eye and jump , sailing across the threshold with a tremendous leap that would have make a samurai warrior proud . int . hallway shade stumble over Chief 's torso and sprawl on the char floor as the door slam shut behind he with lethal force . he sit up , stare at the door in disbelief . then he hear Jill scream again and he start to he foot , prise the automatic from Chief 's grip and head toward the bathroom . int . shower - day Jill 's finger fasten on the baseball bat . grasp if with both hand she slam it into the android 's throat . it back off a inch and she struggle violently to squirm out of its grasp . the drill spin only inch awav from she flesh . its mouth snap at she , hvpodermic tooth drip venom . its claw tangle in she blanket and the fabric tear loudly as she pull away . she kick the android in the chest , break one of she toe and hurtle backwards , pull right out of the blanket . the blanket be still warm and for a moment the android be plainly confuse . the drill bite into empty cloth and Jill inch away . the android look up , clutching the rag . know it 's be trick . then shade be suddenly in the doorway , leveling the Chief 's automatic at the android 's head . the gun jump in he hand and the bullet whine off the creature 's armor plate , ricocheting around the cubicle in a spray of glass . Jill scream and duck and the android turn to shade , look at he as if he be no more a distraction than a fly . shade stare back , red light glint in he dark glass . it be as if he hear a countdown for a lift- off echoing in he mind . the android tense , prepare to spring . shade level the gun again , finger tightening on the trigger . Jill try to regain she foot but she leg no longer seem to respond . she reach for something to grab hold of . her hand fall on the hot water tap . she try to lift herself . the tap just spin under she weight and all she manage to do be turn on the shower . steam water spray from the shower head and the android 's heat sensor go crazy . Jill back off , inching away as the creature run amok , arm flail in all direction , claw at the fall water and try to grab hold of the steam , the shower partition disintegrate around it in a cloud of pulverize glass . to Mark 13 the water be a stream of golden light . there be light everywhere , now , even cover its chassis , and it reach out toward the source of the light , a coruscate sun - like object on the cubicle wall . it reach toward the shower head . it feel the light slowly seeping into its body . seeping into its mind . setting its mind on fire . it begin to understand . hot water spray across its eye , drive in rivulet across its metal chassis . Jill see a flurry of spark begin to rise from its expose brain . the android emit a deafen , high - pitch mechanical screech as it short out , its arm pinwheel out of control . the prosthetic hand be tear at the android 's own wiring . Jill suddenly understand and turn both faucet on full . the android writhes beneath the gently spray , a haze of smoke fill the air . it fall on its back , twitching spastically , arm a blur of motion , glass scatter all over . its brain matrix burn out in a burst of blue spark and then at last it lie still . the sharp , electric smell of burn insulation hang heavily in the air . shade take a step forward , lowering the gun , stare at the deactivate android in disbelief . shade Jesus ... the smoke thin , afford they a clear view of Mark 13 's motionless carcass lie sprawle on its back in a shallow puddle . the spray ring lightly on its chassis , drip across its mangle face , pool in its one remain eye socket , leak deeply into its lifeless circuit . with a cry of rage Jill somehow get to she foot and start forward , dance naked over its body , beat at its head with the baseball bat , scream and scream , the blood run off she in pink rivulet . she beat at it until its head be nothing but a tangle of twisted microchip and the bat splinter in she blister hand . shade put a hand on she shoulder and she turn with a snarl , threaten he with the remain of the bat . he hold he hand up to she . shade Jill ! listen to I ! listen ...! it 's over ! you kill it . it 's dead . look . he kick the android . it make a hollow plonk . shade ( seriously ) it 's not go to get up . it 's finish . okay ? Jill stand beneath the hot spray , rub she eye and at last , unnotice , she let the tear come , join the rivulet of warm water already run down she body . shade take off he flight jacket and drape it around she shoulder . Jill drop the remain of the bat and let he lead she from the cubicle . dissolve to : int . lounge - day the rise wail of police siren . the clock radio flick to " 6:00 a.m. " a cheesy electronic jingle herald the new broadcast day . the deejay address the devastate lounge , a pulsebeat of heavy metal in the background . angry bob good morning , lady and gentleman ! this be angry Bob and you be listen to w.a.r. Radio , somewhere on you dial , and I be here to wake you up ! we get some real good news from the Department of Defense todav . they be finally move forward with the long - delay Mark 14 project -- I do not know what it be and I do not care , but if you have get any kind of security clearance at all , get you unemployed ass down to Central robotics first thing Monday morning . thing be look up . just one more reason to celebrate on this great day , when we honor the birth of that very special man ... and ... yet he be not a man ... ( beat ) this be angry Bob wishing you and yours a very , merry Christmas ! a heavy metal version of " hark , the Herald angel sing " come up loud as another day begin outside the apartment . the body of Mo , Vernon , Chief and lincoln lie very still listen to the radio as it gradually get light . dissolve to : int . shower - day Mark 13 lie motionless . Water fall all around it . the prosthetic hand be reach skyward as if to touch the rain . fade to black . roll end title . the end