blue revised a/o 2/16/95 _ chard exgkt ) final shcote script January 24 , 1995 for Educational purpose only ext . coffee shop / parking lot — dawn 1 camera hold on a coffee shop off a stretch of highway . the back of a figure enter frame at waist level . camera dolly behind the figure , holding at waist level , across the parking lot , approaching the coffee shop entrance . sitting on the ground , outside the door .is a unshaven man , late twenty , JOHN . the figure pass by he , enter the coffee shop . camera hold on John . beat . the figure step back out of the coffee shop . figure ( oc ) hey ... John hold he head in he lap . figure ( oc ) hey . JOHN what ? figure ( oc ) you want a cup of coffee ? ( pause ) you want a cigarette ? John lock up . JOHN +e what ...? figure ( oc ) I be a guy who 's offer to give you a cigarette and buy you a cup of coffee . cur to : int . coffee shop ~ dawn - moment later 2 John and Sydney ( late 5as ) enter . a waitress greet they . sydney good morning . waitress hello . you can sit anywhere you like . John head for a booth , Sydney remove he coat , look to waitress . Sydney join it for he . the waitress sydney two coffee 's . John ' in the booth , hand he a cigarette , light beat , then : sydney what 's you name ? JOHN John . sydney Sydney . bring the coffee . sydney you come from Vegas , reno ? JOHN Vegas . sydney you lose some money ? JOHN ° no. sydney you win some money ? JOHN I break even . sydney you look pretty sad for someone who break even . JOHN well ... just look this way . sydney what be you play ? JOHN blackjack . sydney you know how to count card ? JOHN what ? sydney you say you be play blackjack : do you know how to count card ? JOHN no . sydney in my experience , if you do not know how to count card you should stay away from blackjack . JOHN I have win money before play it . sydney but not this time . JOHN I tell you I break even . sydney you know how to play crap ? JOHN no . sydney there 's a lot of money to be make play crap . if you like to win ... crap can be that way . JOHN well thanks for the tip , Mr. helpful . sydney hey , John -- JOHN -~- what ? sydney hey . we be sit down here . I have buy you a cup of coffee and give you a cigarette , hey , look at I : you wanna be a wise guy , go back outside and take a seat . if you want to talk to I ...hey , if you want to talk to I , well then ... never ignore a man 's courtesy . 's let 's talk about Vegas . let 's talk about what happen to you ... because something do happen . maybe I can help . JOHN you wanna help I ? sydney you look like a man that could use a friend . JOHN you wanna be my friend ? then gimme six thousand dollar . do you have six thousand dollar to give a total stranger ? because that 's my trouble . sydney what do you need six thousand doilar for ? JOHN I need it . sydney _ for what ? JOHN to bury my mother . hold , beat . then : sydney you go to Vegas to win some money -- JOHN -- no , I go to lose money . sydney you go to win some money to bury you mother , to pay for she funeral . it 's very admirable . I admire the intention . I can not say that it 's wise , though . JOHN do you have six thousand dollar to give I ? sydney : no I do not . I JOHN -+- I do not think so ... sydney be there anyone else -- JOHN -- no . sydney ... family ...? JOHN there 's no one else . it 's I . so there you go , there it be . beat . the waitress drop there check . then : sydney how much money do you have leave , John ? JOHN x.-noth .... 2 sydney if I give you fifty dollar : what would you do with it ? JOHN I would eat . sydney you would not gamble it ? JOHN no. sydney why not ? JOHN : because I gotta eat , that 's why . sydney how long can you eat , how long can you live on fifty dollar ? JOHN I do not know . sydney I would bet not very long . se beat . JOHN you would bet ...? Sydney extinguish he cig , take the check and stand . sydney we will take this coffee to go . you come with I back to Vegas , T will loan you fifty buck . i'11 show you what you do wrong . JOHN what be you , man ? you think you be St. Francis or something ? sydney no . I do not think I be St. Francis . JOHN be you lockin ' for a fag ? because I be not some boy-hooker on the street if that 's what you be after . sydney T be not lookin ' for a hooker , John . I be offer you a ride , I be offer to teach you something . JOHN I do not suck dick . sydney I understand that . , and this be the last time I will ask : do you want my help ? JOHN I will fuck you up , if you fuck with I . sydney uh-huh . JOHN I know three type of karate . sydney I be sure you do . JOHN alright ... you give I a ride and fifty buck ... but _ i'11 sit in the back . and believe I when I say : I '11 fuck you up . sydney I believe you . cuT to : Blue page a/o 2/16/95 int . sydney's ' 62 buick regal - moving - morning / later Sydney be drive , John be in the backseat . Sydney give a look in the rearview mirror , lock eye with John , who look away . jobn .+.. you pull over a second ? ext . sydney's car / highway - morning - that moment the car pull to the side of . the highway . John get out of the back and into the front . the car pull back out onto the highway ... - int . sydney's car - moving - morning / later Sydney drive , John in the passenger seat . hold . while in silence , then : sydney my uncle die in 1949 . he be a policeman in Boston . my uncle work as a policeman in Boston for thirteen year and he be fire upon twenty three time in the line of duty without be hit . ( beat ) one morning : he wake up , get dress , walk outside and down the street . he go to buy he coffee and he paper . he walk fifty yard from he house ... he be fifty yard from reach the store . he slip on a patch of ice , fall down and crack he forehead open on the pavement . beat . sydney there be thirty - six possible combination of number on a pair of dice . there 's one way to roll a two and six way to roll a seven . that 's the math . that be what can be prove . if you want to roll a four , how can you do it ? what be the combination ? JOHN uncombination ... they drive hold . 7 3 4 5 fora * * * * * * * * * * * * .* * * * * * * ad * * * * * * Blue page a/o 2/16/95 sydney what number plus what number equal four ? JOHN two plus two . sydney what else ? JOHN Three and one . sydney what else ? JOHN -.- that 's it . sydney one and three . JOHN I say that . sydney there be three way to make a four , John . two and two , three and one , one and three . that 's the math . it 's the only give in the situation . only thing be : we can not control how they come up . in walk down the street to buy a cup of coffee , we relinquish the control to what ? maybe , to who ? I do not know . but it do not matter to what or who or why , because that 's the way it be . we have get nothing to do with any of it . ( beat ) all we can do be bet on it . hold . they drive for a while in silence , then : JOHN can I get a cigarette from you ? Sydney pull a cig out , take one , hand one to John . jobn press the cig lighter in the dash board . ~ sydney do not work , here ... Sydney hand he a book of match . 7a * * fr or of Blue page a/ of 2/16/85 73 JOHN no thanks . sydney the lighter there do not work . JOHN I hear you . I just can not use match . Sydney light the cig for himself with the match . while he do , John hold the wheel . once the cig be light , Sydney drive for a few beat in silence , then : sydney be you go to smoke that ? JOHN no . sydney why do not you use this match ? JOHN it 's a rule with I . I just do not use match . sydney why not ? JOHN I have a really bad experience once . I promise I would never use they again . sydney tell I . JOHN you know that monster book of match ... that big daddy match book with like forty match ? sydney yeah . JOHN I have one of that in my pocket once . they just light on fire , explode in my pocket . sydney the match just go off ? JOHN it 's get something to do with friction from what I understand ...spontaneous friction ... and then wham . they go off . I be stand in line for a movie , all of a sudden .... I swear to God , the shock of it . it scared the shit out of I . I have like third degree burn on my leg ... this close to . my dick ... sydney I be just think that . JOHN and a brand new pair of pants too . I mean , the match go off , burn the hell out of my leg , scare the shit out of I ... but the real pisser be blow a hole in a brand new pair of jeans . sydney that 's terrible . JOHN . I think about suing the matchbook a . company ...but ... I understand that this sort of thing happen . you know ? I mean , shit just happen . this happen , that happen , you just deal with it . sydney that 's right . that 's absolutely right , John . hold . Sydney drag from he cig , then hand it to John . sydney here . John take the light cig and use it to light he own . JOHN thanks , John smoke he cig a moment , then : JOHN what do you do ? sydney -+- I travel ... JOHN a you be a professional gambler . sydney I play long enough and hard enough '' to get a comp room and put food in my stomach . JOHN you have get it all figure out . sydney John . I be gonna loan you fifty dollar . now tell I : what will you do with it ? JOHN you ask I . I tell you +- sydney -- you could take it and play it . play it a certain way long enough and hard enough to get a bed and a meal . you will not win six thousand dollar , I can assure you of that . and if you think that you can : well . you just can not . beat . hold , then : 10 JOHN if you tell I how to do that , how to play so I can get a bed and a meal ... I would do that ... if you would tell I how . CUT to : 6 int . aladdin HOTEL / casino - las vega - morning 6 the automatic slide door open and Sydney and John enter . sydney first thing you do be go into the bathroom , clean yourself up . the attendant in there have a razor you can use -- JOHN yeah , but I be growin ' a beard , Sydney -- sydney -- once you be do , find I in the bar . Sydney keep walk . John stop . CUT to : 7 int . aladdin bathroom - morning / moment later 7 John rinse he face clean from the shave . the attendant hold a towel out for he . JOHN how do that look ? attendant much cleaner . CUT to : 8 int . aladdin bar — that moment 8 Sydney sit with a cup of coffee . John approach . jobn okay ? sydney much better . JOHN what now ? 11 sydney . first off : I lie when I say fifty . ko you need a hundred and fifty . JOHN ++. I know it ... sydney just relax and listen to I : be you listen ? sohn yeah . sydney you be gonna go over there to the slot machine , go to that woman in the cashier cage and ask she where you can find the floorman . she will point you to a guy in a tuxedo . the floorman . you find this man , you approach he , you say .... cur to : 9 int . slot machine area ~ moment later 9 John be speak with the floorman . camera dolly in . quick . JOHN a -- I just get into town and I be go to be play this casino . I be go to be spend some money . and hopefully make some money ... I would like you to keep track of what I spend . . can I get a rate card ? be that possible ? CUT to : 10 int . bar - moment later 10 ».. dohn return . JOHN I get it . he give it to I . Sydney hand John one - hundred and fifty dollar . sydney ++.. you take this hundred and fifty to the cashier and cash it in for dollar token -~ CUT to : li 12 13 12 int . slot machine area - that moment il John stand at the cashier . she make a notation on he rate card , hand it back with two rack of one - fifty in token . sydney ( oc ) she will make a note on the rate card say the amount you have cashed and the time of day . you take that token and find a slot machine . John walk to find a slot machine , take a seat and pump in token . sydney ( oc ) find one that 's off to the side a bit , but do not go unseen by the floorman . you sit at that machine and you play twenty dollar . only twenty . make it last , so play slow , play a dollar at a time . «+a cocktail waitress approach John ... cur to ; int . bar area ~ that moment 12 Sydney watch John order from the cocktail waitress . she write he order and leave . Sydney stand ... CUT to : int . 's castno floor ~ that moment 13 -+. Sydney approach the cocktail waitress . sydney Excuse I . cocktail waitress yes ? sydney that man order a drink ? cocktail waitress bloody Mary . sydney I 'mhis father . he 's not allow to drink . bring he a cup of coffee . he hand she a couple dollar . cur to : 13 * " 14 int . slot machine area - that moment 14 Sydney approach John . JOHN hey ... sydney you order a drink ? JOHN it 's free . sydney it will end up be a one hundred and fifty dollar cocktail , you understand ? JOHN yeah . sorry . sydney it 's alright . you do with that twenty ? JOHN almost . sydney come . 15 int . second cashier booth - casino floor — moment later 15 Sydney and John walk to another booth , before arrive Sydney say ; sydney give this cashier the hundred in token and she will give you cash -- get a bill . John hand he hundred dollar rack cf token over and be give a new one hundre dollar bill ... 16 int . first cashier booth / casino floor - moment later 16 Sydney and John walk back towards the first cashier across the casino . sydney now you be gonna give this cashier the bill and the rate card and ask for more token . they arrive back to the first cashier Booth ... JOHN can I get another hundred , please . 17 18 19 14 the cashier woman get the token , note the rate card and hand they back to John . they move back to the slot machine ..- sydney how much do you have on you rate card now ? jorn two hundred . , . and fifty . sydney and you have only spend twenty . you just circle the bill , John . Cash to token , token to cash . you build up enough on the rate card , it 's gonna get you a comp room , maybe a meal . slowly spend what 's leave of the fifty -- that 's just for show when the floorman come around —- but keep circle the hundred . do it for a hour , take a break , do it again for a hour and so on . I '11 be around . JOHN where ? sydney I 'il find you . Sydney leave John stand . the cocktail waitress bring John 's coffee . hold . CUT to : int . second cashier booth - later 17 John hand he one hundred dollar rack of token over and be hand a bill ... John walk back to .... CUT to : int . first cashier booth - moment later 18 John hand the same bill over for token and the cashier woman note he rate card . CUT to : int , slot machine — moment later 19 John pump a few token in . the floorman pass . they exchange asmile . the slot machine that John be play hit and spit out two hundred token . cur to : 20 21 22 int . first cashier booth ~ later John hand over a couple bill and he rate card . , CUT to : int . casino - moment later Sydney sit off to the side , watch John . sydney's Pov - across the casino John be approach by the floorman . they exchange a few word . John smile and smile . CUT to : int . aladdin HOTEL room - evening camera hold on the door . John open up , Sydney be there . JOHN hey , hey , Sydney . hey look , they give I a room . I get it . it work . I accidentally hit on the machine I be play for two hundred buck . - the guy come up , he say , " thank you for play with we , be there anything I can get you , would you like a room , would you like ticket to a show ? " I get ticket to a show . I rack up two grand on the rate card . sydney it work . JOHN fuckin 'a it do . be this what you do ? sydney not anymore . JOHN shit , Sydney . this be great . thank you . really . thank you . sydney you be welcome . John reach in he pocket , hand syd he one - fifty . JOHN I owe you this back . 15 20 2l 22 16 sydney good , JOHN you wanna watch pay-per-view ? I get porno 's , free movie , the whole thing . _ sydney no thank you . Sydney pocket the money . they sit . camera move in closer . hold , then : long pause . sydney what be you gonna do now , John ? JOHN I do not know ... I be ... I do not know . sydney you can not keep do the same thing all week . JOHN I do not think so . JOHN syd , I be gonna ... I be wonder if I could ask you something . I know you do this , you teach I , but there 's something else -- sydney you can not win six thousand dollar , John . I tell you that before . JOHN I do not know what to do , sydney I have a friend in Les Angeles . someone ... maybe someone who can help . I can make a call for you , tell hin you be a friend , so on and so forth , maybe work this thing out here . JOHN I can not ... I do ... I do want you help , but .... you know I have no job ... nothing . I can not pay you back , if you want to work something out -- a7 sydney I be not a employer and I do not hold debtor . I live ... this casinos and they benfit . you see ? my expense be minimal , I tell you before , I play long enough and hard enough ... I think , if you need help pay for you mother funeral ... we will work this out . I will help you out here best I can . I want you to see -- that my reason be not selfish , only this : ( beat ) I would hope you would do the same for I . beat . they stand up . JOHN thank you , Sydney . sydney it 's always good to meet a new friend . cU . they shake hand . . camera pan up into tight two shot . sydney see you later . Sydney head for the door . camera dolly back from JOHN . JOHN be you gonna gamble ? sydney yes . JOHN can I come down with you ? sydney if it 's what you want . . JOHN just to watch . sydney let 's go . John grab he key , slip it in he pocket and the two man leave the room . camera hold inside the room . fade out . title card over black read : " two year later " fade in : Blue page a/ of 2/16/95 18 23 int . keno bar / lounge - peppermill HOTEL / reno — night 23 camera begin on a jazz trio . * camera pick up with a keno girl who 's roam the bar , we dolly : with her for a moment , then pan away , across the lounge to find :: sydney . he 's sit in a booth , drink a drink , wear read glass and work on a crossword puzzle . keno girl ( oc ) keno , .. keno ... sydney right here . keno girl approach . Sydney hand she a card and twenty . sydney : play two dollar , please . keno girl exit . Sydney turn he attention across the room , look over he read glass . sydney's Pov across the Lounge , a young cocktail waitress , clementine ( late 20 ) be serve a table of three man . we see they flirt with she and watch as she respond fondly . Sydney turn he head , glance at the bar . sydney's Pov at the bar , JOHN , well groom now , speak with a friend , jimmy ( late 20 ) clementine step into frame and walk towards camera / sydney , bring he a fresh drink . clementine hello , Captain . sydney hello again . clementine ( cover she name tag ) do you remember my name ? sydney clementine . clementine that 's right . sydney like the movie . 19 clementine that 's right . sydney do you remember my name ? clementine Sydney . i sydney then why call I Captain ? clementine you seem like the Captain of a ship to I . I see the way John worship you and follow you ... like you be he Captain . sydney John have be a friend a long time . keno girl arrive back at the table , drop the change and the ticket for Sydney . he tip she . keno girl good luck , sir . she exit , camera pan with she , lead we to clementine . clementine you be a good tipper , Captain . . sydney tell I something - be you require to flirt ... to behave as you do towards that table of man , maybe as some part of you job ? clementine they do not say to do it . sydney but if you do not -- clementine -- I would get question and " why be you rude to so and so ... " I can not talk back to they . I can not tell they to fuck off and leave I alone . sydney as a rule -- clementine -- a unsaid rule . I would also lose the tip . 10 JOHN if you tell I how to do that , how to play so I can get a bed and a meal ... I would do that ... if you would tell I how . : CUT to : ; 6 int . aladdin HOTEL / casino - las vega - morning ' 6 the automatic slide door open and Sydney and John enter . sydney first thing you do be go into the bathroom , clean yourself up . the attendant in there have a razor you can use -- . joern yeah , but I be growin ' a beard , Sydney -- sydney -~ once you be do , find I in the bar . Sydney keep walk . John stop . CUT to : 7 int . aladdin bathroom ~ morning / moment later 7 John rinse he face clean from the shave . the attendant hold a towel out for he . JOHN hew do that look ? attendant much cleaner . CUT to : 8 int . aladdin bar ~ that moment g Sydney sit with a cup of coffee . John approach . JOHN okay ? sydney much better . JOHN what now ? il sydney first off : I lie when I say fifty . you need a hundred and fifty . JOHN «- I know it ... sydney just relax and listen to I : be you listen ? JOHN yeah . sydney you be gonna go over there to the slot machine , go to that woman in the cashier cage and ask she where you can find the floorman . she will point you to a guy in a tuxedo . the floorman . you find this man , you approach he , you say .... CUT to : 9 int . slot machine area - moment later 9 John be speak with the floorman . camera dolly in . quick . JOHN . -- I just get into town and I be go to be play this casino . I be go to be spend some money and hopefully make some money ... I would like you to keep track of what I spend . can I get a rate card ? be that possible ? cur to : 10 int . bar - moment later 10 -.. dohn return . JOHN I get it . he give it to I . Sydney hand John one - hundred and fifty dollar . sydney «-.- you take this hundred and fifty to the cashier and cash it in for dollar token -- cur to : 11 12 13 12 int . slot machine area ~ that moment ii John stand at the cashier . she make a notation on he rate card , hand it back with two rack of one - fifty in token . sydney ( oc ) she 'il make a note on the rate card say : the amount you have cashed and the time of day . you take that token and find a slot machine . John walk to find a slot machine , take a seat and pump in token . sydney ( oc ) find one that 's off to the side a bit , but do not go unseen by the floorman . you sit at that machine and you play twenty dollar . only twenty . make it last , so play slow , play a dollar at a time . +-.a cocktail waitress approach John ... cur to ; int . bar area - that moment 12 Sydney watch John order from the cocktail waitress . she write he order and leave . Sydney stand ... cur to : int . casino floor - that moment 13 ... Sydney approach the cocktail waitress . sydney Excuse I . cocktail waitress yes ? sydney that man order a drink ? cocktail waitress bloody Mary . sydney I be he father . he 's not allow to drink . bring he a cup of coffee . he hand she a couple dollar . CUT to ; 14 15 16 13 int . slot machine area - that moment 14 Sydney approach John . JOHN hey ... sydney you order a drink ? JOHN it 's free . sydney it will end up be a one hundred and fifty dollar cocktail , you understand ? JOHN yeah . sorry . sydney it 's alright . you do with that twenty ? JOHN almost . sydney come . int . second cashier booth - casino ploor — moment later i5 Sydney and John walk to another booth , before arrive Sydney say ; sydney give this cashier the hundred in token and she will give you cash -- get a bill . John hand he hundred dollar rack of token over and be give a new one hundre dollar bill ... int . first cashier booth / casino floor - moment later 16 Sydney and John walk back towards the first cashier across the casino . sydney now you be gonna give this cashier the bill and the rate card and ask for more token . they arrive back to the first cashier Booth ... JOHN can I get another hundred , please . 17 18 19 14 the cashier woman get the token , note the rate card and hand they back to John . they move back to the slot machine ... sydney how much do you have on you rate card now ? JOHN ' two hundred ... and fifty . sydney and you have only spend twenty . you just circle the bill , John . Cash to token , token to cash . you build up enough on the rate card , it 's gonna get you a comp room , maybe a meal . slowly spend what 's leave of the fifty -- that 's just for show when the floorman come around -- but keep circle the hundred . do it for a hour , take a break , do it again for a hour and so on . I '1l be around . JOHN where ? sydney I will find you . Sydney leave John stand . the cocktail waitress bring John 's coffee . hold . CUT to : int . second cashier booth - later 1 ? John hand he one hundred dollar rack of token over and be hand a bill ... John walk back to .... CUT to : int . first cashier booth - moment later 18 John hand the same bill over for token and the cashier woman note he rate card . cuT to : int . slot machine - moment later 19 John pump a few token in . the floorman pass . they exchange a smile . the slot machine that John be play hit and spit out two hundred token . CUT to : 20 22 ais int . first cashier booth - later 20 jonn hand over a couple bill and he rate card . CUT to : int . casino - moment later . 21 Sydney sit off to the side , watch John . sydney's Pov - across the casino John be approach by the floorman . they exchange a few word . John smile and smile . int . aladdin camera hold John reach CUT to : HOTEL room - evening 22 on the door . John open up , Sydney be there . JOHN hey , hey , Sydney . hey look , they give I a room . I get it . it work . I accidentally hit on the machine I be play for two hundred buck . ' the guy come up , he say , '' thank you for play with we , be there anything I can get you , would you like a room , would you like ticket to a show ? " I get ticket to a show . I rack up two grand on the rate card . sydney it work . JOHN fuckin 'a it do . be this what you do ? sydney not anymore . JOHN shit , Sydney . this be great . thank you . really . thank you . sydney you be welcome . in he pocket , hand syd he one - fifty . JOHN I owe you this back . 16 sydney good . JOHN you wanna watch pay-per-view ? I get porno 's , free movie , the whole thing . _ sydney 1 no thank you . Sydney pocket the money . they sit . camera move in closer . hold , then : long pause . sydney what be you gonna do now , jchn ? JOHN I do not know ... I be ... I do not know . sydney you can not keep do the same thing all week . jorn I do not think so . JOHN . syd , I be gonna ... I be wonder if I could ask you something . I know you do this , you teach I , but there 's something else -- sydney you can not win six thousand dollar , John . I tell you that before . JOHN I do not know what to do . sydney I have a friend in Los Angeles . someone ..-. maybe someone who can help . I can make a call for you , tell hin you be a friend , so on and so forth , maybe work this thing out here . JOHN I can not ... I do ... I do want you help , but .... you know I have no job ... nothing . I can not pay you back , if you want to work something out -- 17 sydney I be not a employer and I do not hold debtor . I live ... this casinos and they benfit . you see ? my expense be minimal , I tell you before , I play long enough and hard enough ... I think , if you need help pay for you mother funeral ... we will work ! this out . I '11 help you out here best I can . I want you to see ~-- that my reason be not selfish , only this : ( beat ) I would hope you would do the same for I . beat . they stand up . JOHN thank you , Sydney . sydney it 's always good to meet a new friend . cU . they shake hand . camera pan up into tight two shot . sydney see you later . Sydney head for the door . camera dolly back from JOHN . JOHN be you gonna gamble ? sydney yes . JOHN can I come down with you ? sydney if it 's what you want . JOHN just to watch . sydney let 's go . John grab he key , slip it in he pocket and the two man leave the room . camera hold inside the room . fade out . title card over black read : " two year later " fade in : Blue page a/ of 2/16/95 18 23 int . keno bar / lounge - peppermill HOTEL / reno ~ night 23 camera begin on a jazz trio . * camera pick up with a keno girl who 's roam the bar , we dolly with her for a moment , then pan away , across the lounge to find : sydney . he 's sit in a booth , drink a drink , wear read glass and work on a crossword puzzle . keno girl ( 0c} keno ... keno ... sydney right here . . keno girl approach . Sydney hand she a card and twenty . sydney . play two dollar , please . keno girl exit . Sydney turn he attention across the room , look over he read glass . sydney's Pov : across the lounge , a young cocktail waitress , clementine ( late 20 ) be serve a table of three man . we see they flirt with she and watch as she respond fondly . Sydney turn he head , glance at the bar . sydney's Pov at the bar , JOHN , well groom now , speak with a friend , jimmy ( late 20 ) clementine step into frame and walk towards camera / sydney , bring he a fresh drink . clementine hello , Captain , sydney hello again . CLEMENT ine ( cover she name tag ) do you remember my name ? sydney clementine . clementine that 's right . sydney like the movie . clementine a that 's right . sydney do you remember my name ? clementine Sydney . sydney then why call I Captain ? clementine you seem like the Captain of a ship to I . I see the way John worship you and follow you ... like you be he Captain . sydney John have be a friend a long time . keno girl arrive back at the table , drop the change and the ticket for Sydney . he tip she . keno girl gocd luck , sir . she exit , camera pan with she , lead we to clementine . > clementine you be a good tipper , Captain . . sydney tell I something . be you require the flirt ... to behave as you do towards that table of man , maybe as some part of you job ? clementine they do not say to do it . sydney but if you do not -- clementine -- I would get question and " why be you rude to so and so ... '' I can not talk back to they . I can not tell they to fuck off and leave I alone . sydney as a rule -- clementine -- a unsaid rule . I would also lose the tip . sydney it seem a occupational hazard . he hand she some money . clementine Jimmy pay for you drink . Sydney look to the bar . Jimmy raise he glass . wave he to come over . he look to clementine . sydney ( be :twenty ) keep it . clementine thank you , Captain . 20 Sydney nod , clementine exit . camera dolly behind her as she move towards the bar , she pass John and Jimmy , who be walk the opposite direction , towards Sydney . jimmy thank you . clementine do you want another ? jimmy yeah . JOHN -- whatever syd 's have . John give clementine a smile , she smile back . clementine hi. JOHN hello . clementine would you like a drink ? JOHN whatever Sydney 's have , please . clementine ok . camera pick up and dolly back with John and Jimmy . they arrive at Sydney 's table . JOHN syd , you remember Jimmy ? he 's a friend . he life up here . sydney Jimmy . thank you for the drink . jimmy it 's my pleasure . sydney have a seat . John and Jimmy sit . JOHN Jimmy work over at the Sands . sydney I remember . you do ... what ...? jimmy I do some consulting over there , security on busy night . sydney parking lot ? jimmy Inside the casino . JOHN Jimmy see you play in Vegas a few year back , .. tell he Jimmy . jimmy I use to live there . I watch you play at the dune one night . you bet a hard eight for a thousand and then you press it for two . sydney do I hit it ? jimmy you do not hit it , but it be big ball bet and I remember ~- sydney -- Excuse I . Sydney grab he keno slip from the table , look up at the Electronic keno board . the number flash up on the screen . 21 his card have no match number -- from the keno board , camera dolly back and rack focus to jimmy as he enter foreground frame , he light a cig . 22 jimmy .-. you give up big ball bet on the hard way to play keno , be that what ? a sign of aging ? Jimmy laugh hard at he own joke , John join . Sydney smile slightly , shoot a look at John , then place he read glass in he pocket . i sydney ' it pass the time . JOHN Sydney and I see a guy win $ 38,000 play keno once . he play all day , sit in the same spot , something like twelve hour ... it must have cost he about four grand to win the thirty eight , but jesus ... jimmy I see a guy the other night at the El dorado who fall down and have a heart attack at the crap table . right in the middle of a hot shoot , this guy get all work up , he start sweatin’ and shit , all of a sudden the old motherfucker just keel over ... the joke of it be the game keep goin ' ... people screamin , " place the four ... get a ambulance ... place the six / eight ... call nine one one ! " this old bastard 's lyin ' on the ground , choke on he tongue , purple ... and this people be still shootin' the dice -- keno girl ( oc ) -- keno.. keno ... any winner ? keno girl arrive . sydney not here . try again please . he hand she another two dollar and the same ticket back . Jimmy watch the keno girl leave , focus on she ass . jimmy Jesus , we be fuckin’ surround by pussy here , I mean , hell -- sydney -- Jimmy . Blue page a/ of 2/17/95 23 jimmy what ...? . sydney it 's not for my ear , but she 's . she can hear that sort of thing across the lounge ... it put she in a uncomfortable position . jimmy I doubt if hearing she 's get a great pussy put she in a uncomfortable position — — sydney -- I just do not want it come from my table . jimmy well I do not know if you know this , but half the girl in this place be take - home whore 's anyway , they get off on shit like that ... I get a friend over at the Sand dune where I * work , he 's in charge of corral the cocktail waitress in that department . I mean , he 's in charge . he 's '' pussy patrol . " John look to Sydney , spot Sydney 's mood , then look back to Jimmy . JOHN .-.dimmy ... jimmy what ? JOHN just ...y' know ... I dunno -- jimmy hey , I mean , I live up here . I know what fly and what do not and to tell some cocktail waitress she 's get a nice ass be no crime . it 's a compliment to they . believe I . sydney you say it as she walk away . ~ the keno girl arrive back to drop the ticket . keno girl «-.¥ you ticket ... jimmy honey , honey , can I ask you a question ? 24 keno girl what ? jimmy can I tell you first of all : '' you have a very nice ass . " keno girl thank you . jimmy my friend here be embarrassed that I would say that to you . my question be : be you embarrassed ? keno girl no . jimmy ( turn to Sydney ) see ? ( back to keno girl ) you take it as a compliment ? keno girl sure . jimmy good . keno girl _ do you want to play ? jimmy no thank you . keno girl ( to Sydney ) Sydney hand good luck , sir. she a five dollar tip , she exit . jimmy you see what I be say ? sydney I suppose you right , then . joen ... Jimmy , let 's go play .... jimey still waitin’ on we drink here . 24 25 . JOHN we will get they at the table . jimmy good point . Sydney , sir , it be a pleasure to see you again . sydney thank you . jimmy John 's get my number , anything you need -- JOHN ~- syd , I will see you later ? sydney yes . JOHN I will find you back here . Jimmy and John exit . camera dolly with they , they clear frame and camera move into the keno board as the number begin to flash .... ~ camera dolly toward sydney as he check the number . - intercut until ... there be no match number . Sydney glance towards a corner of the bar , notice clementine , again flirt with the table of man . in slow motion we watch as one of the man hand she a hundred dollar bill . she smile and say , " thank you . " Sydney look away . beat . he extinguish he cig . cur to : int . casino - night - moment later 24 Sydney walk through the casino , arrive at a half full crap table and stand at the head , the boxmen greet he , the pit boss walk over . pit boss hello , sir . sydney good evening . the pit boss hand he a piece of paper , Sydney sign it , check he watch and the pit boss wish he , " good luck . '' Sydney cashes in four hundred dollar and get chip and begin to place he bet . camera begin a painfully slow zoom across the table that eventually arrive at a extreme close - up . the sound of the casino , the game and the people begin to blend and build ... CUT to : 25 26 no gy int . keno bar / lounge - night - moment later 25 Sydney enter , take a seat at the bar . the bartender greet he . bartender / hello , ! sydney scotch , please . ' the bartender exit . Sydney glance around the bar . the bartender arrive back with the drink . sydney have you see my friend , the young man ? bartender no I have not . sydney and clementine ? bartender she 's off . Sydney hand he a tip , sip he drink . hold . CUT to : ext . casino / back -exit / motor lodge area - night - later 26 Sydney exit the casino and into the cold air . he walk , pace the grounds . snow begin to fall . hold . his attention turn across the way , to a small motor- lodge bungalow . sydney's Pov , across the parking lot emerging from one of the room be clementine , look dishevel and wear out . she carry she coat in one hand , try to brush up as she exit the room . Sydney watch she . she look up , notice he and approach . clementine hello .... what be you do cut here ? sydney «.- fresh air ... clementine I be just visting a friend of mine . uncomfortable moment , pause , then : 27 clementine we be not suppose to be in the room , 50 ... I could lose my job -- sydney -- but you will get fire if you tell they to leave you alone . clementine this be something ... if the hotel know -- sydney -- I understand . cot to : int . reno coffee shop - night -— later 27 Sydney and clementine drink coffee , she eat a piece of apple pie . sydney do you live alone ? clementine yes ... well now I do . I have a roommate , this girlfriend of mine , but it 's a big nightmare story . sydney do you go to school ? clementine no . do I look like Ie go to school ? sydney I do not know . . clementine I be not with all that , y'know ? sydney what be you save up for ? clementine «for what ...? sydney with you job . the money that you make . be you save ? clementine no . I have to make money . I have , you know , I have bill . I have a apartment , I have to pay for that -- I have my car , I get a cammarro , that cost money . so ... pause , hold , 28 sydney what happend with you roommate ? clementine she meet this guy , this loser . she leave off with he to Vegas . it 's no big deal about lose a roommate but we be really close , so ... we take this apartment ~- I feel like she kind of fuck I over , but it 's ... whatever . I like live alone now . I have my cat . I and my two cat in a crappy place . sydney it 's expensive ? clementine for one person ... yeah . it 's still crappy . then ; clementine you look at I as a piece of shit now because you see I come out of that room -- sydney no , ho , not at all -- clementine -- a good girl just try to save up , cpen a beauty salon ? sydney maybe that , yes . I do not know . CLEMENT ine I do not want to own a beauty salon . it 's just ... so much different than you think -- sydney explain it to I , then . clementine I do not do anything I do not want to do . I be not ..-. whatever ... you be gonna think what you be gonna think , so -- sydney I do not think anything . clementine yes you do . you do . you think I be something ... a slut or something -- 29 sydney '' no I do not . beat . clementine be you gonna tell John that you see I ? sydney no . CLEMENT ine can you tell I , I wanna know ... how do you know he ? cur to : 28 ext . open coffee shop - dawn - flashback 28 this be just moment before the very open scene of the movie . Sydney sit in he park car , face the highway . he adjust he rearview mirror , look at John sit on the ground . beat . Sydney exit the car , approach John and the scene be reprinted . sydney ( oc ) hey ... ( pause ) hey ... JOHN what ? sydney ( oc ) . you want a cup of coffee ? ( beat ) you want a cigarette ? John look up . beat . cur to : 29 int . reno coffee shop - night - present 29 Sydney sip he coffee . clementine look across the booth at he . clementine so you take care of he ...? sydney yes . clementine ---.and you pay for she funeral ? sydney eventually we split the cost . 30 clementine I think he 's pretty adorable ; the way he look up to you -- he order the same drink as you do , y'know . he dress the same . sydney well ... we have the same taste , I suppose . i clementine do you have ... real kid , kid of you own ? : sydney yes , CLEMENT ine you be marry ? sydwey -- boy anda girl . no , I be divorced . I have a son you age and a daughter a few year older . clementine where do they live ? sydney I be not sure . I have not speak to they in a while . clementine that 's too bad . sydney yeah . clementine maybe you will see they . sydney maybe . the waitress arrive , fill they coffee cup . they sit in awkward silence for a moment , then : clementine do you know what the world 's best contraceptive be ? sydney what ? clementine a ugly guy . clementine and Sydney laugh a little . 30 31 31 CUT to : int . sydney's HOTEL room - night - later 30 Sydney and clementine enter . this be a medium size suite with a open door lead to the adjacent room . | clementine I have never be in one of the tower room . it 's nicer than I think . Sydney lead she into the adjacent room . CUT to : int . adjacent room - that moment 31 they enter . sydney you will feel comfortable here , you will sleep well . clementine sit on the bed . Sydney go to the bathroom , gather a robe , a T - shirt and some boxer short . he emerge , hand they to clementine . clementine Captain ? sydney yes . clementine do you want to fuck I ? sydney do you think that ? CLEMENT ine you have bring I here . sydney do you think that ? clementine I do not know . sydney well you should know before you ask a question like that . pause , hold , 32 clementine well it seem like you be nice to I -- sydney -- so I would want that , you would think . clementine if you want to fuck I -- sydney stop say that . clementine it just seem -- sydney -- but do not let it seem that way . this be a comfortable bed for you . I want you to sleep in it , to give you something , a place to have a nice shower . a bed . clementine ».- do not get angry ... sydney no , no , I be not ... because I understand how you could ask that question . then : clementine now you really look at I as a piece of shit . sydney no. clementine .-- alright ... sydney John will not be back until very late and he will not disturb you . clementine this be John 's room , then . sydney not tonight . he exit to the adjoin suite , close the door . clementine sit . fade out . CUT to : 32 33 int . sydney's HOTEL room - morning 32 Sydney wake up to a knock at the door , he answer . a room service attendant hold a tray of coffee . Sydney sign the bill , tip he . from the adjacent room { oc ) we hear the muffled voice of John and clementine . John be tell she he matchbook - explosion story . CUT to : int . adjacent room ~ that moment 33 John be sit on the end edge of the bed , dress in the same clothes as the night before . clementine be sit up in bed , under the cover . Sydney enter carry the tray of coffee . JOHN hey -... Captain . clementine good morning , Captain . sydney John , that be a nickname that clementine have give I , it 's not for you . JOHN the coffee come to you room , I be sorry ... sydney you owe I three fifty . John reach for he wallet , Sydney walk past he , give John a look that say , " put you fuckin’ money away . " clementine ( to Sydney ) what be you do today ? sydney I do not know . but anything you need to do ... if you need to go somewhere or get something ... John will take you . joen do you need something ? clementine just to go home and get some clothes . 34 sydney here ... ( he offer John some cash ) go to the mall and get something new . John will take you . JOHN I I get money , syd. i _ ( to Clem ) i I will take you , would you like to go ? clementine yeah . sydney and that 's that . I '11 see you later . Sydney go back in he room . John look to clementine . pause . JOHN +e well ... clementine smile at John , he get she some coffee , give she a cigarette and light it for she . clementine the first one of the day be always the hest . JOHN you wanna seé a trick ? clementine _ sure . John take the cigarette from he mouth and very carefully place the filter end in the crease between he forehead and he nose . he squint down , hold the cigarette in place , make a motion as if he 's inhale , then blow the smoke from he mouth . clementine laugh hysterically . John exit . JOHN I can do it with eight cigarettes . eight cigarettes in this crease between my nose and forehead ... clementine lemme see ... JOHN no ... I gotta go talk to syd for a second . I will be right back . cut to : 35 34 int . sydney's room ~ that moment 34 Sydney button up he shirt , light a cigarette . John enter ... JOHN hey . a sydney hey . JOHN how would you do last night ? sydney Fair . you ? JOHN I win three hundred . sydney you do not show back at the bar , JOHN I be sorry about that , I be with Jimmy ... y' know ... y' know ... sydney yeah . JOHN I be sorry about Jimmy . it 's after the second drink , he get ... sydney it 's not a problem . JOHN ..- he get a little flagrant . sydney it 's fine . JOHN he think you do not like he . sydney I do not much . JOHN well ... sydney what ? JOHN -+- I do not know ... 35 36 sydney take good care of clementine today . take she anywhere she want . John step up closer to Sydney , motion he head towards the adjacent room , a reference the clementine . Sydney turn to he . sydney what ? JOHN y'know ... do you ? sydney no. JOHN okay , good . good . then I will see you later , right ? sydney probably be in the sport book . JOHN then maybe I will see you there . John exit with a big fat grin on he face . hold cut to : int . peppermill casino / sport book area - day - later 35 this be a huge portion of the casino with ten bigscreen television monitor play every sport event that be currently in progress . in a long row of desk , illuminate by a small , personal read light be Sydney . he keep a eye on the game , while work a crossword puzzle . a waitress approach , bring he a plate of egg , bacon and a glass of orange juice and a fresh pack of cigarettes . he eat he breakfast . hold . cur to : int . peppermill casino - poker area ~ day - later 36 Sydney be sit at a dimly light , smoke fill poker table with three other man . camera doe a slow dolly toward the table . this be a fifty cent buy in , five dollar max . cuT to : 37 38 39 int . sydney's room - evening - later 37 Sydney change to a fresh white shirt , put on he jacket . he move to a table , write a note , walk to the next room , place the note on John 's bed . CUT to : ext . casino — dusk 38 Sydney exit into the cold air , breath ' some fresh air , pace , finish a cig . hold . cuT to : int . casino area - night - later 39 Sydney be at a crowded crap table . the game be in progress and thing be hot . he 's get , about three thousand dollar in front of he . he play , as usual , without emotion . play at the opposite end.of the table be a young player make lot of noise , play loud and obnoxious and taunting Sydney as he shoot the dice . young player alright : Old folk get they bet down . no stop . no wait . ( to Sydney ) get it down Old timer -- Old fella --. camera hold on sydney . hold , pause . he react : sydney two thousand dollar hard eight . the table skip a beat . the pit boss strain he neck . the Dealer near Sydney take two one thousand dollar chip and place they on the hard eight . ( meaning that the roll must be a 4 x4 and no other combination to make a eight . ) the Young player be give the dice . young player for that Old fella at the end ... hard eight ... he shoot the dice . stickman six ...hard . hard six . Roll a eight , shooter . that who win be pay off ... Sydney hold steady . the dice be give the the Young player . 37 40 38 young player Old man ... I '' gonna get you that hard eight ... just make sure you gimme a nice tip . the Young player shoot -- stickman , Three , crap dice , ace / deuce ... pay the field ... here we go shcoter , eight 's the point . young player with the old .man at the end of the table , gimme a hundred dollar hard eight ... the Young player throw a chip to the center of the table , shake the dice in he hand . camera doe a extremely fast dolly across the table toward sydney . Young player shoot the dice . there 's a beat between when they be throw and when they land -- sydney ..- crack ... the dice land . easy eight . a five and a three . stickman eight . it come easy . the point . Sydney do not flinch , he smile graciously , call the pit boss , sign a piece of paper signal he exit time from play and walk off with he remain thousand dollar . CUT to : int . keno bar / lounge ~ night - later 40 Sydney , on he fifth scotch , drunk as hell , catch the bartender be attention . sydney -.- have you see my friend , John , my friend , the young man ... bartender not tonight , no sir . sydney clementine ... bartender she 's off . CUT to : 41 42 43 a9 int . casino / phone booth - night - later 41 Sydney drop a dime at a secluded pay phone and dial a number . sydney hello , arlene . it 's Sydney . | ...- yes .... yes .... how be you ... : ( beat ) : -.no , no .... I be just call to say hello . ( beat ) . I be in reno . yes . yeah , well . no . I say , I say , " no . " ( beat ) it 's almost Christmas ... ».. just to call , I figure I would call . ( beat ) .».. be my kid home , be my .... do you have number ? uh-huh . uh-huh. ( pause ) well maybe you can give a message for I ... I be at the pepper ... peppermill . +. - yeah ... it 's room number 1508 ...uh- huh. ( beat ) it would be nice . well , it just might be nice ... it do not ... okay . uh-huh . okay . well. ( beat ) I guess that 's ... that 's ... yes . yes . okay , well , I be get off the phone now . I be get off the phone now , arlene . good bye . Sydney hang up the phone . CUT to : int . sydney's room —- night - later 42 Sydney stagger in , hold himself up with the wall as he walk . he open the door to the adjacent room , look inside -- no one there . he make it to he bed . hold . fade out , fade in : int . sydney's room - night - later 43 Sydney sleep . the phone ring . again . Sydney wake , pick up . sydney yeah , hello . yeah ... yes . where ? right now . you okay ? yeah . right now . cuT to : 44 45 46 40 ext . HOTEL parking lot - night - moment later 44 Sydney make a quick beeline from the casino entrance to he car in the parking lot . it 's snow now . CUT to : i int . sydney's car ~ moving - night - moment later ! 45 camera hold on c.u. of Sydney as he drive the car through downtown reno . the bright light reflect in the windshield and the snow get harder . Sydney turn on the windshield wiper . cur to : ext . no - tell motel - night 46 Sydney 's car park . he exit . camera follows he as he search the small motel complex for a room . he head up a flight of stair to a motel room : number six . he knock . hold . he knock again . sydney +.. John ..? JOHN ( oc ) syd ? sydney yeah . open up . JOHN ( oc ) everything cool ? sydney what ? yeah , everything 's cool . you alright ? JOHN ( oc ) i'm fine . sydney «.- you gonna open the door ? sohn ( oc ) «.. I say on the phone , it 's kinda screw up ... sydney yeah . so open the door , let 's see what 's goin ' on ... JOHN ( oc ) you promise you will help I ? 47 41 sydney John , it 's cold , open the door . JOHN ( oc ) ... be everything cool ...? sydney i John : open the God damn door. i beat . we hear the sound of John unlatch the chain and unlock the lock . Sydney hold a moment then open the door , slowly ... CUT to : int . motel room - night - that moment 47 the door open a bit and Sydney step in ... it 's dark . sydney John -- JOHN -- shut the door -- sydney why be the light off ? JOHN leave ‘em off . sydney I be not gonna stand here in the dark . JOHN -+ wait -- Sydney turn on the light . camera hold on he . he look around the room . he look hard at something . JOHN ( oc ) you promise you would help I . camera doe a medium slow dolly toward a extreme close - up , then : sydney ».«- what be this ...? reverse angle - over sydney's shoulder - that moment a large , middle aged man , in pants and a tank top t-shirt be handcuff to the bed . he 's lie on he stomach , not move . blood on he face , from a cut over he aye . John stand , hold a revolver by he side , look at Sydney . clementine be sit in the opposite corner of the room , hold she head in she hand . Sydney step John do not Sydney look forward . he examine the man on the sydney who be this man ? respond . clementine do not move . sydney ... John ... who be this ? JOHN he 's ....... a hostage . sydney a hostage ? JOHN yeah . sydney why ? JOHN because ...for .... money .... sydney be he dead ? jobn he 's just pass out . sydney how do he get here ? JOHN I be sorry , syd . I be so sorry . I know I fuck up , I know , I know . I be sorry ..... ° to clementine . sydney clementine -- JOHN she do not want to talk . sydney -- clementine ... hey . clementine what ? sydney be you alright ? bed . 42 clementine nee I be fine . sydney tell I what happen . clementine this man will not pay I . sydney you know he ? '' clementine not before tonight . sydney then how do he owe you money ? clementine I meet he in a bar . we come here . sydney you come here ... what ... for sex ? clementine he will not pay what we agree . beat , hold , then : sydney how do John get here ? JOHN you can ask I . 's sydney clementine . JOHN she call I . clementine I ask he to help I . JOHN : this fuckin ' guy hit she , syd ... hold . Sydney examine clementine 's face , she 's get a shiner come in over she leave eye . syd turn to John . sydney how long have you be here ? JOHN me? since ten . 43 beat . Sydney 44 sydney ..- alright . so why do not you just let he go ...? JOHN whadda ' ya mean ? we can not . sydney tell I why . JOHN because he owe she money . sydney see , yeah ..... 50. , ..how much money ? JOHN Three hundred dollar . sydney you be hold this man hostage for three hundred dollar ? JOHN it 's what he owe she . this fucker cheat she , syd . look to clementine . hold . he look back to John . sydney who know this man be here ? JOHN I and clementine ... and you ... sydney ...ah - huh ... JOHN yeah ..... he wife . sydney his wife . JOHN she have to get the money . sydney I do not understand . how do you get in touch with he wife ? JOHN he 's stay at the Sands . clementine see she before . 45 sydney you talk to this woman , this man 's wife ? JOHN I call she . we tell she to get the money . she say she would . sydney : : do you tell she where you be ? clementine we be not stupid . sydney no , of course not . you be not stupid . JOHN we tell she we would call she to let she know what to do -- clementine -- be you gonna help we ? sydney this man know what you look like . John , this man know what you look like , yes ? JOHN yeah . clementine that do not matter . sydney oh , it do not ? clementine no . because we be not let he go until I get my money . Sydney think , beat , then : sydney so what do you want I to do ? JOHN I do not know . sydney this guy 's wife have obviously call the cop ... you understand that , right ? JOHN not necessarily . 46 sydney yes , necessarily . JOHN she want to deal with it as much as we do .. , she 's not gonna tell the cop she husband be out screwin ' around ... I mean , she might not ..-. right ? clementine look up . JOHN she sound like she just want to get it do with , to get it over and do . sydney what do you tell she ? JOHN I tell she to get the money ... we would call -- sydney -— - no . do you tell she that you would kill he if she do not , that you would , what ? what do you tell she ? JOHN '' yeah ... sydney yeah , what John ? JOHN I tell she we would kill he . Sydney think a beat , then : sydney this a very ... fuck up situation . JOHN you promise you would help I . sydney no I do not . I do not promise you anything . JOHN but you will help I , I know you will help I -- clementine -- you do not have to help we . sydney no I do not . 47 clementine you can leave if you want . sydney clementine : you get yourself in a situation . I do not get you here , so humble yourself . you understand ? humble yourself . ' Sydney move to John , hold he hand out for the gun . John hand it to he . sydney fuck be this , John ? be it load ? JOHN no. sydney where would you get it ? JOHN Jimmy . sydney do Jimmy come here ? JOHN no. sydney what do he know about this ? JOHN nothing . clementine do not say that , John . JOHN '' I be not . sydney what be you say ? JOHN nothing . Sydney , aggravate now , cross the room and grab clementine . sydney ... get up ... he sit she at a table , lock eye with she . 48 sydney alright : you be gonna answer every question I ask you . you do not look to John , you look at I -- alright ? now when you leave the hotel this morning , where do you go ? clementine we go shopping at the mall . syoney after that ? clementine we go to my house . sydney why ? CLEMENT ine because I want to get some clothes . sydney ( to John ) I tell you to buy clothes . clementine I want to go home and get something . sydney and ... what ? then what ? clementine we have sex . sydney .».. then , yes , what ? clementine I know you be try to figure this whole thing out , but what happen this morning do not matter . sydney I will judge that . clementine just ask I what happen . sydney I would just like to know how you go from be in the bar in the Sands to in here with this guy -- where do this thing go wrong ? 49 clementine he think he be smart and I be stupid and I be not stupid . sydney this be a pretty stupid situation . _ clementine we will see how stupid I be when I get pay , will not we ? sydney the first thing they should have teach you at hooker school be to get the money first -- JOHN -- do not talk like that , syd -- clementine we ask you help , we do not need to be interrogate -- sydney do not get fresh . do not be a wise ass . JOHN -- do not talk to she like that -- sydney John , I be talk to clementine -~- JOHN -- I do not want you to talk to she like that . sydney -- John : shut the fuck up. JOHN -- I be warning you , syd , do not talk to she that way . sydney why not ? JOHN because she' my wife . ( pause ) she 's ... we get marry ... this afternoon ... hold . beat . then : the man on the bed begins to move ... man -.- you be dead ... whore ... you be dead ... 48 50 John run over , and smashes he fist into the man 's face . he do it again and again until the man be back under ... beat . sydney lock like you be have a wonderful honeymoon . Sydney head for the door , John follow -- JOHN syd . no. syd . where be you go -- CUT to : ext . motel room / balcony - night - that moment 48 Sydney charge out , John on he heel . it 's snow . joan please do not leave , Sydney . please . sydney I can not get involved in this , John . JOHN you do not have to be involved , just do not leave , syd , please -- sydney if I stay here , I be involved . if I stay here , I be part of it , do you qet that ? JOHN let 's just go back inside , please , let 's -- sydney -- you have get a guy unconscious in there , a guy ... someone you have kidnap and be hold for ransom . do you know how fuck serious this be ? Sydney stop , breath a moment , collect a think , then : sydney now if you want to leave right now , if you want I to help you get as far away from here as possible , just get in you car and go , let 's do that : let 's go and do that . JOHN what about clementine ? cut to : 49 int . motel room - night - that moment 49 clementine sit at the table . hold . oc we hear the muffle voice of Sydney and John . clementine look to the man on the bed . blood have start drip from he ear . sydney ( oc ) you take she with you , she 's you wife . yes ? she 's you wife ? . JOHN ( oc ) I do not mean for this -- sydney ( oc ) -- it do not matter , John , you be in it . you be in it up to you fuckin ' eyeball and there 's nothing to do except get away . JOHN ( oc ) and go where ? sydney ( oc ) anywhere . away . huh , eh , John , hey ... look at I ... cur to : 50 ext . motel room / balcony — night - that moment 50 Sydney and John . sydney how much money do you have ? JOHN maybe a thousand . sydney I have get about six thousand . I can get that to you . but let 's just get you away , out from this . maybe everything 'il be fine , this quy will wake up and he will not remember athing . but for now , for this moment ... the only safe thing to do be leave . JOHN if this guy wake up or he wife call the cop , whatever , they will lock for I and clementine . sydney that would probably happen , John . yes . hold . pause . Sydney look 52 JOHN I be think something and I do not know ... I do not know , syd . but there 's something , maybe , you tell I .. you tell I ... sydney what ? John try to say this thing to Sydney ... JOHN if he do not wake up . I mean , I will do whatever you say , but I be just think , and I do not know if I ever could ... sydney do you want to kill this man , John ? JOHN eee eee enoe sydney do not say it again . that idea 's over . you kill this man , you live the rest of you life know it . okay ? it 's okay . hard at John . sydney how could you let she go off and do this ? you have get money , this be not good -- joen I do not know she be go to do this , syd ... I never ... I do not ... I do not know -- sydney do you really get marry ? do you ? JOHN yeah . I keep paging you in the casino , I want you to be there . she say '' yes . " I do not want she to say , " no , " later on , we have be see she for two month and I have not have the gut to say anything . when I see she in my bed this morning it be like a sign from heaven . I know this be fuck up , but I love this girl , syd . I really do . sydney okay . hey ... everything 's gonna be alright , everything 's gonna work out . 51 53 Sydney grab John 's neck and give 's he a squeeze . they go back into the room . CUT to : int . motel room - night ~ that moment 51 Sydney and John enter . John approach clementine . JOHN ... we be gonna go , we be gonna leave . Sydney think we should leave . Sydney walk to the bathroom and grab a couple towel and start wiping off everything with a possible fingerprint . CLEMENT ine ( to John ) why be he do that ? sydney I be get rid of you fingerprint . clementine this guy see we . sydney maybe he will wake up , he will not remember . clementine ( to John ) if he do not remember when he wake up then why be we leave ? jorn if he do , the police will come , they will check -- clementine he 's gonna tell they , what ? he be tie and beat because he would not pay a whore -- jobn Clem ... it 's just precaution , it 's ... do not say that , do not say that what you just say . CLEMENT ine I be not go anywhere . JOHN we do not have a choice . 54 clementine I be tell you right now , John : this man owe I . he fuck I and he 's go to pay I . JOHN do not be crazy ... honey , honey , do not be ... I mean , the only thing that we can do , that we have a chance at ... be if we leave . ( look to Sydney for help ) syd ... clementine I will tell you that you can leave , but I be not . JOHN do you want to get catch and go to jail ? clementine I want my money . joun clementine , let 's just ... let 's listen to Sydney ... Sydney know ... he know ... clementine if i. get catch , I will not tell they about you , if that 's what you be think . JOHN that 's not why , Jesus Christ , clementine , you be my wife ... I mean ... I be tell you this . clementine you be not tell I anything because I be you wife . JOHN Clem : you be gonna drive I nut with this ... now do you wanna stay ... wanna be separate from we marriage ? from I ? clementine I do not care . John flinch . hold . JOHN fuck you then . you fuck bitch . «+. you fuckin ' whore ... clementine ..-fuck you , JOHN ... John slap she face . Sydney step in , push John away ... JOHN Jesus , I be sorry , clementine , I be sorry ~- -- oh my God , Clem , I be sorry -- ... Sydney kneel down to clementine . sydney ~- shut - up , John ... listen , hey , my darling clementine listen to I : if you stay here you will get catch . okay ? we be talk about kidnap , extortion ... other thing , I do not know what , but not good thing , honey . listen to I here : you have get to come with we . alright , you be John 's wife now . that 's something . you better hold on to that and leave here . okay , honey , hey , look at I , look at I -- do you love John ? clementine he slap my face . sydney do you love he ? clementine yes . sydney you have get that . you love he and he love you . you be not gonna spoil ' it on this bullshit . hold on clementine . tear in she eye . clementine alright . sydney where do this handcuffs come from ? clementine ... they be mine ... sydney give I the key . clementine what for ? sydney so I can unlock he . 55 52 56 she rummages she purse , find the key . Sydney walk to the man , unlock the handcuffs . he take a closer look at the man , listen for breathe . sydney you hit he with the gun ? JOHN yeah , Sydney slip the handcuffs in he pocket and usher they towards the door -- they be step away -- then : the phone ring . Sydney , clementine and John stop . sydney who be that , who 's call ? . JOHN I do not know -- sydney who know 's you be here ? clementine Jimmy know we be here . JOHN he know , but it do not matter . it do not matter , let 's just go . the phone stop ringing ... the man start to move , he start to wake up again ... Sydney walk quickly to he , take the butt of the gun and hit the man over the head ... Sydney turn to they ... sydney ..eright now ... let 's go ... as they exit , the phone ring again . they close the door . hold inside the room on the man . more blood be come from he nose , ear and now above he eye . the phone ring and ring . CUT to : ext . motel room / balcony - night - that moment 52 syd , John and Clem walk . camera lead they to they car ... JOHN Sydney , I be sorry I lie ahout Jimmy ... I know -- 53 54 57 sydney we will talk away from here . take you car , follow I to clementine 's . ( the she ) you be gonna come with I . now tell I the man check in I take it , yes , tell I that . ! clementine yeah . sydney do anyone see you , the man behind the counter ? clementine no. sydney what about in the bar , at the Sands ? clementine it be pack . sydney the guy have a specific friend , sit at the bar with he -- clementine no . Clem and Sydney get into he car and drive off -.- CUT to : int . clementine's house - night - moment later 53 clementine enter the dark house , move to the bedroom and start to pack a bag . a few moment later , John enter , help she with she thing . her two small cat run around she , hungry to be feed . she finish throw a few essential in a suitcase ; she hand it to John and he exit . she feed the cat . CUT to : ext . clementine's house - night - moment later 54 clementine lock the front door and run from the house . she hop in Sydney 's car . John follow as they drive off . cuT to : 55 ext . parking lot - peppermill HOTEL ~ night - moment later 55 the car be park side by side . clementine and Sydney wait for John . the snow fall be light now . clementine I be really scared , Captain . sydney I know . she start to cry softly . he hug she . sydney you be strong and take good care of John . clementine I be embarrassed ... and I feel like I might piss my pants ... ( beat ) I have two cat ... sydney ++. I remember . clementine will you feed they while I be go ? Sydney nod , " yes . " she reach in she purse , give he the key to she house , then take out a video tape . clementine there 's something ... for you ... »-.- it 's we wedding . we want it tape so you could watch . sydney thank you . . CLEMENT ine I do not know , I do not know why I do this . I be so stupid , I do not know why - fuck - I be sorry . sydney ( touch she face ) it 's okay , now . John approach carry he suitcase . JOHN I be ready . 59 sydney alright , listen : you just get marry . you be on you honeymoon . CLEMENT ine what about my job ? sydney i'll talk to the casino , tell they you have fall in love , elope and run off , but you will return . you will call I tomorrow and we will see where thing be . ( to John ) «» . - you have get money ... JOHN yeah . sydney I will get you some more money as you need it , as much as I have , as much as you will need . ( look to clementine ) do you understand ? as much money as I have . Sydney turn back to John . sydney alright , now : where be you gonna go ? JOHN I do not know . sydney go to ... go to ... what , I do not know ... JOHN Vegas . sydney Jesus Christ no , do not go to Vegas , go to ... Phoenix , how about Phoenix ? JOHN why ? clementine what about Niagara Falls ? sydney Fine . JOHN no , no . no Niagara Falls . 60 sydney why not ? JOHN I have be there . sydney Jesus Christ , John . clementine it 's a regular honeymoon place . JOHN but I have be there —- sydney JOHN : go to Niagara Falls . JOHN Fine . sydney ( to clementine ) give I a hug now . clementine and Sydney hug and kiss , then he hug John . sydney hey , John : look at I , hey : alright ? I be not gonna let anything happen to you . this be fine . : JOHN yeah . sydney take good care of clementine . JOHN I will . sydney alright . drive the speed limit . they get in they car and drive off . camera doe a slow dolly toward sydney . the SUN be about to come up . beat . camera dolly behind he as he approach a storm drain / gutter in the street . he throw the handcuff and the revolver in the drain . CUT to : ext . well ave . / reno STREET — dawn 56 John 's car fly past camera and head out of town . cur to : 57 58 59 60 61 int . JOHN be car - moving - dawn 57 John be drive , clementine be bundle in the passenger 's seat . JOHN be you tired ? clementine : not really . JOHN if you want to get it anule ... CLEMENT ine do you ? JOHN no. clementine I be sorry . John crack he window , smell the air . JOHN greaswood and sage . smell good . she look out the window and say : clementine I will not fuck we up again , John . I promise you . I promise . CUT to : int . sydney's room - morning - moment later 58 Sydney walk in , take off he coat , move to the adjacent room and clean it up a bit . he crumple the note he write earlier to John . he sit in a chair , light a cigarettes . outisde the window , the sun be come up . hold . cur to : int . JOHN be car - moving - morning 59 camera do a slow pan from clementine , asleep in the passenger seat ...to John , behind the wheel . he drag from he cig . cur to : int . sydney's room -— morning 60 Sydney 's cig have burn to the butt . he sleep in he chair . 61 62 63 62 fade out . fade in : int . casino sport book area - afternoon / later 61 syd flip through the paper , look for something . the waitress bring he egg and coffee and deliver a pack of cigarrete to he . he set down the paper and eat . CUT to : int . poker area - afternoon / later 62 Sydney play with a few other man . camera doe a slow dolly toward , arriving cu . cur to : int . JOHN be car - moving - day 63 clementine be drive , John in the passenger seat ; clementine I can not believe I just think of this ... do you wanna hear a funny story ? oh my god -- JOHN what ? clementine there be this guy and this girl , I do not know they , my friend know the girl and she tell I about this story ... oh my god ... so this guy and this girl -- they go to high school together . and all through high school , they really like each other but they be always together with other people . but still , on the side , they be always look at each other , smile and kind of notice each other , but nothing ever happen . so they graduate and they both go off to different college and two year pass -- and it 's summer vacation and they be both back in town , back from school and they happen to bump into each other on the street . " oh my God , hi how be you ? " " what be you up to ? " " nothing , what about you ? " " oh you know , same old thing . '' they be both think about each other 's boyfirend and girlfriend from high school , rigt ? so he ask she , '' be you still go out with so and so ...? " ( more ) 63 clementine ( conta . ) she say , '' no , we break up ... " she say — to he , " be you still go out with ... " he say , " no , it do not work out , we break up . '' so they be both like : cool , this could work out . so they get together that night , they have a date , they go and eat , they have a beautiful : and great dinner .... they be both a little nervous , though . so outside the restaraunt , they have they first kiss -- and it 's beautiful and sweet and perfect . so they look at each other and he say , '' come stay with I , let 's go back to my apartment . " they agree -- but then he remember he 's get he roommate and all this so it will not work out . she 's stay with she parent so that will not really work - but she tell he she have this empty apartment that she 's about to move into but there 's nothing in it -- no water , or heat , electricity , just a matress -- well they finally decide and say , " all we need be a matress , let 's go to the apatment . " so they go back ... they have sex and it 's great ... no first time jitter , nothing awkward , it 's just like .... perfect , right ? perfect sex and they be totally , totally in love . afterwards , they be in bed , they be naked and hold each other in they arm and she start feel he body , she feel he back and she say , " you be so skinny , I never realize you be so skinny . " he say , " no I be not ... " and he stand up -~ and he 's show she he body , he say , " it 's all muscle , y'know , look : " so he turn he back to she : and lift he arm up like this -~ and he tighten up , flex he back muscle real hard and -- boom ! this projectial terd shoot right out of he butt and land smack on she neck .... this poo hit she right on the neck -- now remember , they be in this apartment with no towel , no water , nothing -- so they get up -- get dress , they drive down to a gas station and they have to hose she off -- they hose this poo off she neck -- and then he drive she to she parent house and that be it -- they never speak again -~ can you believe that ? camera go to John for reaction . he 's stunne and speechless . CLEMENT ine John ? he shake he head . CUT to : 64 65 66 67 68 64 int . sydney's room —~ night - later 64 Sydney get dress in he usual white shirt , black pants , smoke a cig . the video tape of Clem / John 's wedding play on the tv . | CUT to : int . casino / crap table - night - later 65 camera hold on Sydney as he play . he nlack focus on the game . beat . he collect he chip and walk off . cuT to : ext . no - tell motel - night 66 camera hold on the motel ( the scene of the crime ) then do a slow boom down . Sydney enter frame , sit in he car , park across the street . he look towards Motel room number six . cuT to : ext . roadside motel / middle of nowhere - night 67 clementine and John dash from the car and into a small motel room as quickly as possible in the pour rain ... the SOUND of the rain blend over ... CUT to : int . roadside motel room - later 68 .-.to the SOUND of the shower . camera begin on the bathroom door then pan to John , sit on the bed ... on the phone ... JOHN ~+.1508 . yes. ( long pause ) I will try back . the shower stop and a few beat later , clementine exit , brush she hair . John reach in he pocket for a piece of paper with a phone number . he dial . JOHN .--..- dimmy ? hey . yeah . everything 's fine . what about there ? caol , cool . that 's good . have you talk to syd ? he have it - well - yeah . he 's there , he should be there . we be go to Niagara Falls . maybe day after tommorrow . yeah . thanks for everything . I know , but thanks . I will talk to you then . yeah , yeah . bye . he hang up , she finish beat . they kiss . 65 look to clementine . JOHN everything be fine back there . clementine do you talk to Sydney ? * JOHN he be not home . brush she hair , approach John , sit on he lap . clementi.ne do you love I ? JOHN yes . clementine will you forgive I for stupid thing I have do ? JOHN yeah . clementine why ? JOHN because I have to . JOHN you have a really pretty face , Clem . clementine thank you . JOHN you be my wife . clementine you be my husband . JOHN I can not believe it . clementine well get use to it . fade out , fade in : 69 70 71 72 66 int . HOTEL corridor - morning - moment later 69 Sydney walk towards he room , he head in the paper , hold he morning coffee . he walk past a maid' cart outside he open door , enter he room . CUT to : int . sydney's room — morning — that moment 70 Sydney cross , set the paper down , turn on a read light , take out he glass and start to give the paper a look . beat . oc from the adjacent room we hear the sound of the vacuum . Sydney rise , walk to the television . camera dolly behind he , he flip the set on without a look . there 's a note tape on the screen read " Sydney . " he take it , look inside ; angle , cu . the note . camera pan past the word on the page , catch glimpsis ; " ...- Sydney .... " " , ... meet I .... " " ...to talk ... " " .... dimmy ... " cut to : ext . sand HOTEL - night 71 Sydney 's car pull up and park in the lot . he get out , camera follow he as he roam around -- he light a cigarette , glance -- sydney's Pov - across the parking lot a park car be flashing it 's light . Sydney approach . Inside the car be Jimmy , Sydney get in . CUT to : int . jimmy car ~ parked ~ night 72 Jimmy and Sydney . jimmy can you please not smoke in here ? Sydney do not respond . jimmy seriously , can you please not smoke in here . I mean , the smoke smell get in the apholstry and it fuck up the resale value like crazy . sydney what do you want from I ? 67 jimmy I want you to please put out -- sydney -- I be not put out the cigarette . jimmy alright : can I have one then ? Sydney give he a cigarette . jimmy you get my note ? ( beat ) no , you just guess that I be here , of course you get my note . sydney what do you want ? jimmy nothing . sydney do you have something to say ? jimmy well that be a really fuck up situation back there and you ... I mean , you take care of it . John and clementine be safe , I think , yes ? sydney you be there . jimmy just for a minute . sydney you know that guy ? jimmy the guy ?.... that fuck clementine ? no . I do not know he .... but I see he today . sydney you see he ? jimmy this morning in the casino , walk around like nothing happen . sydney maybe he do not call the cop . beat , then : 68 jimmy he do not . sydney +.. you be so sure ... simmy ' I have be here all night , all day , the motel 's right across the street , they be not there , I would have see they . this guy 's just try to avoid a personal embarrassment . sydney what about he wife ? jimmy I be sure he 's get a lot of explain to do . sydney you do not think she call the cop , huh ? jimmy they would have come by , they would have be around . sydney this guy see you ? jimmy he be knock out by the time I get there . jimmy John and clementine be safe then , huh ? sydney it seem that way . jimmy well that 's it then . everybody 's in the clear , yeah ? I mean : nobody know anything , except you and I and clementine and John ... sydney you give John a gun . jimmy he be scared , he think he might need it . it be not load . I would not give John a load weapon - you still have my gun ? beat . then : 69 sydney I throw it away . jimmy ...damn ... I love that gun . sydney why do you want to talk to I ? '' jimmy . it 's alright you throw my gun away . I have other -~ sydney -- I be there with John and clementine . you be there , yes . you want something now ? jimmy I be not call you here to say , " I know about this situation and I be gonna squaak unless I get a piece of pie . " John 's a friend , clementine 's a doll , you be a old - timer , a classic ... I nve get a certain amount of respentability . what be there to get anyway ? sydney yes . so now : what then ? jimmy we be in it together . sydney that 's right . jimmy John and clementine be on they way to safety in Niagara Falls . everything will be fine then . sydney when do you talk to they ? jimmy last night . another beat , then : beat . hold . jimmy this motel thing have nothing to do with anything anymore ... I mean , shit , thankfully ... that 's do . that 's over , 73 74 jimmy I do not mention it in my note , but I want to make you aware , that I know some thing about Atlantic City . sydney uh-huh . jimmy ... I know some thing about Atlantic City . 70 Sydney laugh a little , think to himself . Jimmy laugh with he . ext . sand parking lot / jimmy car - night Sydney get out of the car . Jimmy follow a few step behind . jimmy Sydney , syd , hey : do not walk away from I , I say something to you . I say : I have hear the story about Atlantic City . sydney what , what , what ? huh ? tough guy ? you can tell I ? you can tell I , what ? jimmy I have not tell John , but I know some thing about Atlantic City . Sydney turn away , start to walk . beat . jimmy you shot he father in the face , Captain . Sydney do not stop ... he walk to he car , get in with a little trouble find the right key ... jimmy where be you go ? ... he find the right key , get in the car . CUT to : int . sydney's car - night - that moment 73 74 Sydney get behind the wheel , drop the key before reach the ignition , he pick they up , get the right key -- start the car -- the passenger side window be smashed ...- ... glass spray Sydney , whe turn , look ... Jimmy hold the gun point at Sydney through the broken passenger side window . Sydney turn 71 jimmy turn the car off . sydney do not ... jimmy turn it off , man , I will shoot you . I swear to God I '1l shoot you right in the foot and let it bleed ~- the car off . jimmy John do not know that you kill he father but I '11 tell he . i'1l tell John that . I be threaten you with a word . do you understand ? sydney yes . jimmy do you want I to do it ? sydney no. jimmy I want ten thousand dollar to keep my mouth shut for you . sydney I do not have ... I do not have ten thousand dollar , Jimmy . jimmy bullshit . yes you do . sydney I do not have it . jimmy I will find he in Niagara - Falls and tell he . sydney please do not . jimmy ten thousand dollar , Sydney . sydney I will get it . jimmy yes you will . sydney when ? jimmy right now . sydney I can not now . it 's impossible . jimmy no ... bullshit -- sydney right now , it 's just , it 's impossible . it 's not possible . jimmy be you say , " no . " be that what you be say to I ... you fuckin’ idiot -~ you do not know I , you do not know that I will put bullett in you for it -- sydney I can get it tomorrow . jimmy no you can not get it tomorrow . you have to get it now . sydney please do not point the gun , Jimmy . Jimmy jam the gun point blank to Sydney 's head . sydney no . fuck . please . jimmy you get it now . sydney don 't. fucking . no . jimmy you get the money now , man . you understand I ? huh ? call I a tough guy ? yeah , I be a tough guy . this gun in you face be tough , in 'it ? Jimmy cock the gun . sydney I can give you six thousand . that 's what I have , that 's all that I have . 75 76 77 73 jimmy then that 's what you give I . sydney when ? jimmy fuck you . fuck you . do not do that . where be it ? sydney I have it . in the bank . it 's in the bank . beat . Jimmy pocket the gun , look across at Sydney . Jimmy walk around the front of the car , open Sydney 's door . jimmy it 's you glass , sit in it . Sydney shift himself over to the passenger seat . Jimmy get in . CUT to : int . / ext peppermill HOTEL - night - moment later 75 camera shoot through the lobby door to see ; Sydney 's car pull up . they get out , a young valet take the key from Jimmy , hand hima ticket . Jimmy then hand the ticket over to Sydney and they enter the hotel . CUT to : int . HOTEL corridor - night - moment later 76 Sydney and Jimmy walk . they enter syd 's room . CUT to : int . sydney's room ~ night - that moment 77 they enter . jimmy sit there , on the bed . syd do so . Jimmy look around for a bit , finally take a seat in a chair . jimmy do have a cigarette ? Sydney hand he one , Jimmy light up . 74 jimmy do you want some coffee ? sydney no. jimmy we be go to be here until John call or the bank open . do you understand ? I be gonna order some coffee . . Jimmy dial room service . jimmy can I get some coffee up here please . yes . a large pot . yeah . thank you . Jimmy look at Sydney . hold . Long silence . Sydney keep jimmy you have get to understand that this be ... net easy for I . you understand ? sydney yeah . jimmy John be a friend and you be he friend . what I mean , what I believe be that : you kill he father as the storey I have hear go . and if someone kill my father , well ... even though I do not get along with my old man , I would still feel some sort of need to do something . ( pause } so you understand where I be come from ? I be come as John 's friend . quiet . jimmy a guy only get one dad and you kill he . the way I hear the story ... ( storey get around ) ... you use to be a hard ass . you be a hard ass and you take he dad out , Sydney . so you think , what ? maybe you can just waik through this life without be punish for it ? shit , man . I know all that guy you know -- floyd gondolli , Jimmy gator and the whole crowd . talk , talk , talk , people love to tell storey . ( more ) 75 jimmy ( contd . ) y'know , you can look at I sideways all you want , maybe you think I be some asshole cr something , but I be not a killer like you . {long pause , then ; } you know you walk around like you Mr. cool or Mr. wisdom but you be not ... you be just a old hood . the other night in the bar : ask I a question like , " do I do parking lot security ? " I know what that mean , Sydney . the answer be : no. I be trust with security inside the casino . I be trust security and I do not fuck it up . sydney it 's good to see you have a sturdy sense of responsibility . Jimmy slap Sydney 's face hard . jimmy do not , do not , do not fuckin ' do that . you understand ? I can see right through that shit . you look at I as some fuckin’ idiot ? huh ? yeah , I know you -- I know you -- you guy , you old hood man , you think you be so fuckin ' above it , so high and mighty and what be I to you , huh ? just some loser ? well , no . no . not right now . not with a gun _in my hand and the fact I know . Jimmy pace some more , collect he calm , extinguish he cig , empty the ashtray , look at Sydney ; jimmy no matter how hard you try you be not he father , Sydney . sydney I have the money here . beat . Jimmy and Sydney hold a look . sydney I have the six thousand dollar here . it 's not in the bank . I have it here . jimmy I know that you do . 76 sydney I will give it to you now , but I will ask you this : { I will ask you something , a favor ... something that 's crucial to this transaction . jimmy what ? sydney I do not want to die ... there 's a knock at the door . voice ( oc ) room service . Jimmy open the door . room service enter , hand over the coffee , look for one of they to sign the bill . Sydney take it , sign it . room service exit . jimmy thanks for the coffee . Jimmy pour himself a cup , but leave it sit on the table , look at Sydney ; sydney I have the money to give you . right now , in this moment : I will give you all that I have . maybe before you be go to kill I . maybe , I do not know . I know John and I love he like he be my own child , but I can tell you this : I do not want to die . I kill he father . I can tell you what it be , but this be not a excuse . I be not begging for clemency . all that matter : I do not wish to sacrifice my life for John 's well be , but I will sacrifice this money for mine . because you have ask I ... because after this I have do all I can do for John : and for myself , I will ask you , with all the sincerity and heart that I have : please do not put a bullet in I and please do not tell John what I have do . I trust that once I give you this money you and I will have separate path and that this negotiation will settle everything . that 's what I hope . I do not want to die . Jimmy hold eye on he . pause , then : 77 hysterical man ( oc ) ... I don't wanna die ... angle , close -up . sydney . hysterical man ( oc ) ++. please , I do not wanna die ... CUT to : 78 int . apartment room / atlantic city - day - flashback 78 the face of John 's father , arthur in tear . he look into camera . arthur -«+I can't die , sydney . sydney stop say that , Arthur . arthur i'll do whatever they say . whatever you tell I to do , i'll do it . sydney I just want you to calm down for Christ 's sake . you wife and child be in the next room , just calm down . arthur my baby , syd , my baby , for my son . for my son . for my son , you won 't . wider angle in the apartment - that moment a one bedroom place - 1966 . Sydney , obviously young , stand up from a chair , walk to Arthur , pick he up from he knee . sydney .+- I will not hurt you . you know that . do you believe I will not hurt you ? arthur I believe you . sydney come sit in the chair . Arthur and Sydney sit face to face . hold . sydney do you have anything ? if you put forth a effort ... arthur I have get sixty dollar to my name . my kid ... my kid ... he need shot and all this other shit ... hospital bill and all that ... it 's just ... it 's all fuck . he can not do this to I , not for thirty - eight hundred buck , he can not . sydney you know you be not gonna get shot up over this ... arthur -.- he send you to talk to I , I know it mean something , syd ... sydney he know that I know you , he figure I could talk ... arthur «.. you know I ... you know I ... the next perscn here .... I do not want to die , Sydney . look at my child , look at my child , Sydney . sydney stop it . arthur I use to be in on job . I be in on some big job , you have hear the storey about I . shit , this be before you be even around , but I be in it . I be eye and ear , syd . sydney I know . arthur and now what ? sydney you have get a problem . arthur that 's over . I be do with that shit . on my child 's eye , that shit be over . you be my friend ... sydney «« . I be you friend . arthur just a month ago , I be in it . remember the Baltimore job ? 78 79 sydney I remember . arthur it go wrong , but you take care of it . sydney yeah . arthur .. the next person that come ... sydney be quiet now , they sit in silence for a moment . Sydney look into the kitchen , through a pair of glass door . sydney's Pov - into the kitchen a young baby be breast feed by he mother . she glance at Sydney . Sydney take a hundred dollar bill from he pocket , hand it to he . sydney you might want to be a little harder to find , Arthur . arthur it do not matter . sydney do not put it in you arm , put it in you child 's stomach . Sydney leave . hold . Arthur look to the kitchen . cut to : 79 int . sydney's HOTEL room ~ night - present moment 79 Jimmy and Sydney . back to the scene . quick dolly in on jimmy ; jimmy where 's the money ? sydney it 's with the hotel . in the safe . jimmy yeah . then ... sydney all that I have , I will give you . jimmy and you will get it . 80 81 82 80 CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - night - moment later 80 Sydney sign a paper and be hand the money . Jimmy stand nearby . Sydney , with money in a envelope , turn to Jimmy . jimmy : not here . Sydney follow Jimmy .... camera lose they -- cur to : int . service hallway / area ~ night - moment later 81 Sydney and Jimmy enter through a side door and into a service hallway area . rack , crate and maintenance thing around . Sydney hand he the envelope . Jimmy take it , look inside . beat , then . Jimmy raise the gun into Sydney 's face . jimmy that 's right ... and that 's that . beat . he lower the gun , walk off . hold on sydney's face . CUT to : ext . atlantic CITY / alley - way - flashback - day 82 Arthur sits.on the ground , Sydney pace around . arthur I want to talk to you about it first , cause I know you would hear or maybe you hear . sydney uh-huh . beat , then : arthur I will not tell they anything about you , Sydney . sydney what do they ask ? arthur lot of thing ... Baltimore , the thing , Baltimore . camera now hold on sydney through entire sequence . 81 arthur ( oc ) they wave it , but I do not bite , syd . I do not bite and I want you to know that . sydney they ask anything else ? _ arthur ( oc ) they ask about everybody . sydney you do not tell they anything . arthur ( oc ) nothing . I will not . I do not . sydney I know . arthur ( oc ) they talk about protection for I and all this other stuff , but you know , you know ... I hold strong , syd . I hold strong .... 1 hold ... like a man . camera doe a slow dolly toward sydney . sydney can I ask you a question ? arthur ( oc ) anything . sydney do not lie to I . arthur ( oc ) I would never lie to you , Sydney . sydney be off the drug ? arthur ( oc ) yes . Sydney turn and face Arthur , who verge on tear . Sydney hold a look on he . Arthur look at Sydney 's hand stuff in he coat pocket . Sydney take a few step back .... arthur .--- syd .... Sydney .... Sydney .... listen to you name , listen to I say you name : Sydney . Sydney . please . 83 84 b2 ... sydney raise the revolver from he coat pocket , into frame , pointed at arthur . arthur .-- my baby ... for my little , John , my child -- sydney fire the gun into arthur' face . oc we hear a phone ringing , Sydney place the revolver in Arthur 's hand and walk quickly off , down the alley and away . oc phone ringing continue over ... | CUT to : int . sydney's room - night - moment later 83 Sydney sit on the edge of he bed . a pack suitcase sit next to he . the phone ring . he finally pick it up . sydney hello ? intercut to : int . truck stop phone booth - night 84 John in a phone booth off a highway , clementine be wait by the car . JOHN syd , hey , syd ? you there ? it 's John . sydney ( oc ) I can barely hear you . John close the phone booth door . JOHN how 's that ? sydney ( oc ) where be you ? JOHN we be in ----~. we should be there tomorrow morning , afternoon sometime , how 's everything back there ? sydney everything be fine . JOHN ( oc ) no problem , nothing ? sydney how 's clementine ? 83 JOHN ( oc ) she 's good . she send she love . sydney do the same for I . JOHN ( oc ) I really love she , syd . I mean : I really do . sydney I know . JOHN ( oc ) what be you gonna do now ? sydney i'1l be here for a while . JOHN ( oc ) maybe I can come back in a few week . sydney maybe. JOHN ( 0c ) be you win ? sydney sure I be . JOHN ( oc ) I miss the table already . sydney yeah . JOHN ( oc ) so that 's goad , the thing , it 's good then , yeah ? sydney yes . JOHN alright , listen : I be sure this thing be gonna run out of change any second so I will say so long now . I will call you once I get there . sydney John , I need to tell you something -- JOHN what ? 85 86 b4 sydney I need you to know something , something important ... I need to tell you ... Sydney ...- camera dolly in close .... sydney i John : I love you . I love you like you be my own son . JOHN thank you . sydney call the tommorrow , when you get there . JOHN I love you too .... sydney okay .... i' 11l speak to you then . JOHN bye . camera stay with Sydney . ccut to : int , HOTEL lobby / check out counter ~ night - moment later 85 Sydney sign a piece cof paper , hand over he room key . a bell hop come for he luggage , Sydney hand he he valet ticket . sydney rave they bring my car around , please . Bell hop exit , Sydney walk towards the lounge . cur to : int . keno bar / lounge - nigrt - moment later 86 Sydney be talk to the bar manager ( who 's also the lounge singer from the open . ) sydney ... it be a last minute thing . she apologize for not let you know ... but it be -- bar manager I understand that , but this hotel -- 87 88 sydney she should be back Friday , Saturday the latest . I hope it 's not a problem . bar manager well normally , we like some notice , it put we in a teugh spot and -- i sydney I be sure you understand how love work . bar manager well ...yes ...yes ... you see -- sydney she 's a good girl and she work hard . she get marry . she 's in love . she will be back Saturday the latest . bar manager I do not know that clementine be a friend of yours . sydney she 's a very old friend , yes . bar manager in that case . sydney thank you . CUT to : ext . casino - night - moment later Sydney walk out , he car be there . he tip the valet , get in and drive off . cuT to : int . clementine 's house ~ night - moment later Sydney enter the dark apartment and be immediately approach 85 87 8b by the two hungry cat ; they move around he leg . Sydney walk to the kitchen , find some cat food , dump some in a bowl and feed the cat . angle , close -up . sydney . he watch the cat eat . CUT to : 86 int . sydney's car ( moving ) - morning ~ flashback 89 this be from the open when jchn be still riding in the back , the two of they sit in silence for a moment , then : JOHN ! you get any music ? sydney what be that ? JOHN . do you have any music to play ? you get a stereo , right ? sydney what would you have in mind ? . JOHN T dunno ... " fog hat ? '' sydney no. JOHN I do not think so . pause . then : JOHN this be a nice ride , actually . the portion of the scene ( # 3 ) we see earlier be reprinted . Sydney glance in he rearview mirror , make eye contact with John ... jobn ++- you pull over a second ? camera hold on Sydney as John get out of the back , into the front . sydney you sure it 's alright ? JOHN well ... sydney «..« you know three type of karate . I have not forget . JOHN good . they pull back onto the highway . cur to : 87 90 ext . clementine's house — night - moment later 90 overhead angle on the front doorway . Sydney exit hold the two cat in he arm . camera pull back and pan with sydney as he make a beeline for he car . he get inside with the two cat . . CUT to : 91 ext . sand HOTEL - across the STREET - night ( later ) : 91 Sydney sit in he car with the cat . he 's watch across the street , across the Sands front parking lot -- sydney's Pov - across the parking lot Jimmy . he talk , gesture with three security guard from the hotel , seem to say , " I all see you later . " Jimmy walk off to he car , get in and pulis out of the lot . Sydney follow ... CUT to : 92 ext . street of reno ~ night - moment later . 92 Sydney trail Jimmy 's car . . CUT to : 93 ext . residential STREET / jimmy house - night - moment later 93 Jimmy park he car in front of he house . Sydney park he fifty yard away , get a safe view of Jimmy exite he car and go into he house . hold on sydney . he light a cigarette . the cat meow and roam around the inside of Sydney 's car . sydney ( to the cat ) c'mon...sit ... kitty , sit . sit. stay there . stay in one spot , kitty . Sydney finish he cigarette , notice across the street -- sydney's Pov Jimmy exit he house in a change of clothes , get in he car and take off . beat . Sydney get out of he car , walk across the street . the cat watch he . CuT to : 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 8b ext . jimmy house - night - that moment 94 Sydney walk around the back , through a horribly keep yard . he hop a fence with a little trouble and approach a back door -- try the handle . it 's lock . Sydney smashes the window in the door . a dog bark in the distance . Sydney reach in and unlock the lock . CUT to : int . jimmy house - night - that moment 95 Sydney enter , walk around the house . CuT to : int . bedroom — night - that moment : 96 Sydney enter , look around , through some drawer , he open the closet -- inside , there be a small arsenal of gun . Sydney take a .45 Automatic , check it he scarch the closet some more for a clip , find one and load it . CUT to : int . live room — night - that moment 97 Sydney enter from the bedroom , look around and take a seat . the room be dark and quiet . wind blow from tne break window in the door . hold . camera begins a slow dolly toward sydney . CuT to : int . casino / crap table - night - that . moment 98 Jimmy 's throw hundred on a crap table , play wild / loud / obnoxious . CUT to : int . live room - ht - that moment 99 camera continue the slow dolly toward sydney . CUT to : int . JOHN be car ~ moving -— night ~ th . joment 100 clementine be sleep . John be drive , listen to some radio program . CuT to : 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 int . casino / crap table - night - that moment 101 Jimmy , boisterous and obnoxious , throw down a pile of money . jimmy two thousand dollar hard eight ! CUT to : int . live room — nicht . - that moment . 102 Sydney in close -up . CUT to : int . JOHN be car ~ moving — night - that moment 103 closer angle on John , listen to the radio . he look at Clem sleep , then turn it down a littla . CUT to : int . casino / crap table - night - that moment 104 Jimmy shoot the dice -- and hit the hard eight -- ( jimmy fuck yes . yes . yes . yes . fuck yes . cuT to : int . live room ~ night ~ that moment 105 Sydney in close -up . hold . CUT to : ext . casino - night - that moment 106 Jimmy and a slutty young girl exit the casino , drunk as hell . he kiss she , she rub he crotch . they arrive at he car and get in . CUT to : int . live room - night - that moment 107 Sydney . camera hold a wide angle on the room . Sydney obscure in shadow . oc we hear the sound of a car pull up ... headlight float through the room and we catch a glimpse of Sydney . cut to : a9 Blue page a/o 2/16/95 108 ext . house ~ night - later Jimmy and the girl stumble from the car to the front door , curt to : 109 int . live room — night - that moment Sydney sit with the gun in he hand . Jimmy and the girl step inside and turn on the light . Jimmy and the girl stop . jimmy «.-. fuck do you want ? Sydney stand up and raise the gun at Jimmy . girl ..- Jimmy ... jimmy do not pont my gun at I , man . ( beat ) I do not have you money , I lose it at atable . fuck you anyway . ( beat ) fuck you I say , I say : Sydney fire the gun into Jimmy 's right arm . the girl freak . girl oh , God , no . no. please . ..- dimmy fall back into the front door ... jimmy ..- piss on you ... Sydney fire again , hit Jimmy in the leg . girl no . no . please . 90 108 109 ee eee * Blue page a/ of 2/16/95 91 jimmy fuck . wait . wait . fuck . Jimmy slowly raise he hand , reach towards he coat pocket . * jimmy * wait ...just ... please ... you want you money . * Old man ... 1I '1l give you you money -~ * Jimmy 's hand be inch from he pocket -- * «.. sydney fire he gun ... * he fire again and again , walking closer with each shot , emptying the gun into jimmy chest and face ... Sydney empty he pocket of the money and find ... twelve thousand dollar in various large bill . the girl be freaked . girl please ...no ... please ... do not ... Sydney hand she some money . sydney go. she run from the house . Sydney take the gun , wipe he fingerprint from it and leave it next to Jimmy . CUT to : 110 112 113 114 115 116 ext . jimmy house - night - that moment 110 Sydney walk quickly to he car , get in and drive off . CUT to : int , sydney's car - moving - night - moment later 111 on the highway , Sydney drive fast . hold on he face . : cuT to : int . JOHN be car - moving - night - same time 112 John be drive . clementine wake . leans across and give he a kiss on the cheek in slow motion . CUT to : ext . highway — night = that moment 113 Sydney 's car drive past camera . pade out , fade in : ext . open coffee shop - dawn 114 camera hold on the coffee shop off 4 stretch of highway . Sydney enter frame at waist level , camera dolly behind he . he walk inside . it 's snow lightly as the sun be ahout to come up ... cur to : int . open coffee shop ~ dawn 115 Sydney sit alone in a booth . coffee , cigarette . hold . he notice a small bit of blood have stain the cuff of he shirt . he slide he jacket over .... hold ..... he look across the booth . CUT to : int . open coffee shop ~ morning ~ flashback 116 John and Sydney , from the open . the scene be reprinted . sydney if I give you fifty dollar : what would you do with it ? JOHN I would eat . sydney you would not gamble it ? 92 33 JOHN no. | sydney why not ? JOHN because I gotta eat , that 's why : sydney . how long can you eat , how long can you live on fifty dollar ? JOHN i do not know . sydney I would bet not very long . JOHN you would pet ...? sydney yes I would . cuT to : 117 int . niagara fall suite ~ morning ~ that moment _ ll7 John be sit on the bed , on the phone , clementine be deal with a bell hop who handle they baggage in the b.g . JOHN »... be you sure ? can you just check again well there must be a forward number ... okay . ( beat ) yes , I be look for Sydney Brown . now , the woman J ] just talk to have tell I he check out and I just do not think that 's right . uh-hoh . uh-huh. ( beat ) well I just do not think that 's right . well the computer be wrong , then . the computer be wrong , you understand ? the computer be wrong . i'11 try back . John hang up . the Bell hop be through with the bag , look to John for a tip . bell hop you be all set , sir . JOHN oh , thank you . thanks . 94 i : he hand the Bell hop a dollar . the Bell hop smile , turn and walk ne past clementine and give she a wink . bell hop bye-bye . John notice . JOHN hey . hey . 1 the Bell hop keep walk , John grab he . JOHN what be that ? bell hop ««-what ...? JOHN why would you wink at my wife ? why would you do that ? what 's to keep I from kick you ass right now ? bell hop I be just say , '' good -bye . " JOHN that 's not what you mean . that 's my wife . bell hop I do not mean anything -- JOHN never mind what you mean , gimme my dollar back and get outta here -- John snatch the bill from the bell hop and send he out the door . clementine smile . JOHN can you believe that ? CLEMENT ine . I be sorry , John . JOHN why be you sorry ? CLEMENT ine I be ... I do not know ... JOHN no . you do not do anything . no. 35 beat . John pace . hold , then : John pace a clementine Sydney 's not there ? jorn '' 2 - no .- clementine maybe he 's come here . JOHN huh ? clementine maybe he 's come the join we . JOHN I never think of that . bit . beat , hold , then : JOHN wanna go to the waterfall out there ? clementine we should get a camera ... you can buy that camera 's that be disposable , y'know ? JOHN okay . . CLEMENT ine be you alright ? JOHN yeah . be you ? clementine yeah . JOHN I be happy to be here . clementine I too . JOHN wanna go ? clementine they kiss . gimme a kiss . i118 119 96 int . open | uffee shop - morning - that moment 118 Sydney sit a moment . - camera doe a medium slow dolly in ' hat land close on the coffee cup in front of he . hold this angle . Sydney rise in the b.g. and walk to the cashier . ' sydney ( oc ) hello . cashier ( oc ) hello . sydney ( oc ) pack of lucky Strike 's please . she fetch the cig , ring he tad . he pay and exit . cur to : ext , highway 80 coffee shop - morning - that moment 119 it 's snow harder now . Sydney exit the coffee shop and walk towards he cat , the two cat watch he come .... a nervous , sweaty man in a yéllow jacket approach . man be you Sydney Brown ? sydney «.. excuse I ...? Sydney lock at the man . beat . in this moment , Sydney recognize this to be the man from the motel . the hostage . man you cost I my wife . you and you friend beat I .... that whore . Sydney be dumbfounded . hold . sydney I do not know what you be talk about . man be you Sydney Brown ? Sydney walk past he , the man follow . man a man name Jim tell I of you . I know you , I know you , I follow you . 37 sydney «+. I do not know what you be talk about , sir ... man you and you friend , clementine and John .... I will find they toc .... _ sydney i do not follow I . man -+.i'1l find they in Niagara Falls . I know you the man that hold I , I know it . sydney +..do not follow I .... man «..- you motherfucker ... Sydney reach he car ... the man stop .... beat .... man you cost I my wife . the man raise he arm .... fire three shot into sydney ..- ... Sydney fall ... .-. the man run off , get in he car and pull out of the lot . Sydney lay cover in blood . he hold onto he breath and he heartbeat for a few moment in horrible pain . he start to cry . the cat watch he from the car - Sydney lay flat on he back ... look up ... gasp for air ... sydney's Pov snow fall down softly ... directly into camera . Sydney hold onto he breath for another moment . butch angle , above parking lot , looking down cnto : Sydney 's dead body in the middle of the parking lot . end .