" hard rain " screenplay by Graham yost 1998 shoot draft fade in rain Falls from low grey cloud . down below we see ... the river muddy , slow and powerful , overflow its bank . in the near distance be ... the reservoir fill to the maximum , water thunder out of two open gate . we close in on ... the dam there 's a dam Control Office in the middle of the dam . we move off the reservoir and head out over ... the town of huntingburg we see " no fear " spell out in stone on one man 's roof . we go down and into ... ext . street of huntingburg - dusk storefront be sandbagge and close . a sign on one store read : gone fishing . a sign on another : hey looter . nothing of value here . try next door . and on the next store : he's lying . a church beautiful , old , ringed with a five- foot-high wall of sandbag . the floodwater be up to the first level of sandbag . car and pickup truck load down , be head out of town on street cover in the first water of the flood . a statue on a island in the middle of the street . it 's Civil War - era , of a general on a horse , sword hold high . the floodwater be over the curb , lap at the base of statue 's pedestal . near the statue stand ... the sheriff 5as , with soft edge and friendly eye . he 's talk into he radio mike . sheriff so , be we all go to die ? ext . reservoir dam hank , the dam control officer , be on the radio with the sheriff . hank not right now . but I be gonna have to let out a little more . ext . MAIN STREET wayne and phil , two deputy , 30 , be near the sheriff , shoring up a sandbag wall that have partially collapse . phil I think my best be when I turn twelve . my dad set up a treasure hunt . it be really cool . ( off Wayne 's disdainful look ) well , it be . Wayne shrug a " whatever " and pull a sandbag up out of the water . there 's unpleasant - look muck all over he arm . he drop the sandbag back into the water and shake off the crud with disgust . wayne this blow . phil my most awful birthday be sweet sixteen . I have mono . how about you ? what be you worst ? wayne you kid ? you think I could have possibly have a birthday worse than this ? what kind of loser do you think I be ? sheriff ( o.s. ) do not answer that , phil . the sheriff walk over . sheriff hank say he 's gonna open another gate . we be gonna get another rise . they turn at the sound of honk . the mayor drive up . mayor gentlemen . hey -- happy birthday , Wayne . Wayne nod . phil stiffen . they do not like this guy . mayor ( to the sheriff ) Mike , I gotta say , what you be do ... I do not know if I would be here , consider . sheriff ( good-nature ) well , you would be if you want to get the last couple of paycheck some bastard owed you . mayor ( grin , then : ) I just want you to know I think the people ' round here make a big mistake . phil grumble to himself . phil " the people " ? you be the one who screw he . mayor sorry , phil ? phil ( blushes ) I , uh -- sheriff ( to Mayor , save phil ) you know , Bob , as much as I would love to stand here all day talk about how great I be , if you do not get move I be gonna have to haul you sorry ass off to jail . mayor ( laugh ) okay , okay , I be go . keep up the good work , boy . it 's appreciate . the Mayor roll up he window and head off . wayne whaddya say we go torch the fucker 's house and blame it on looter . or how about we put a dead cow in he live room . he come back after it 's be in the water a couple of day . hello ! sheriff ( shake head ) you wanna know how to get the best revenge on the Mayor and he boy ? you do exactly what we be do . you protect the town . you protect it better than they would . better than they ever could . wayne ( think , shrug ) I think the dead cow 's better . sheriff ( ignore Wayne ) any looter that come in here be in for a big surprise , cause as long as I be still wear this pointy thing ... ( indicate badge ) ... nobody 's take anything from this town . int . bank vault nervous assistant bank manager wellman be hurriedly toss stack of money into two canvas bag . a man' shadow wash up on wellman . charlie ( o.s. ) do you think you could go a little faster , pal ? wellman I -- I be go as fast as I can . second shadow come up tom ( o.s. ) well , it 's not fast enough . wellman be about to speak , then see something , gulp . a shotgun be hold by one of the man , point at the floor . wellman sweep the money off the shelf and into the bag . second man ( o.s. ) that it ? wellman yes . we do not keep any of we -- the two men ignore wellman , grab the canvas bag and stride off . ext . bank - day close on the lower half of the front door as they fly open . out come two men in long dark raincoat . wellman run up , stop in the open door . wellman hey , wait ! very close on the two men as they slowly turn to face wellman . we just see they face , shield from the rain by hat brim . meet ... tom and charlie Tom , 30 , handsome , with a easy smile . Charlie , 50 , with a tough , red face . charlie Excuse I ? wellman look nervous for a second , then hold up a clipboard . wellman you forget to sign . tom and charlie we see , for the first time , by they hat and uniform , that they be armored car driver . there 's a armored car park at the curb , on the other side of a low wall of sandbag . Charlie sigh , go back to wellman and perfunctorily sign the form . then he and Tom go to the sandbag wall . Tom hold both bag in one hand and the shotgun in the other . Charlie do not want to get wet . he step from the sandbag wall onto the rear bumper of the truck , then key open the door . charlie okay . Charlie reach out for the money bag . Tom jump off the sandbag wall and land in the water , splash Charlie . charlie for christsake ! tom it 's a flood , Charlie . you be gonna get wet . Charlie take the bag , toss they in then shut the back . he move toward the front , still try to keep out of the water . Tom splashes he some more . charlie hey ! do you know what kind of crap be in that water ? tom ( of course he know ) well , yeah . Tom kick some more water at Charlie . Charlie give Tom a wither look and climb in the truck . int . armore truck Charlie get into the driver 's seat ; Tom climb into the shotgun seat . they shut and bolt the door . Charlie get on the radio . charlie dispatch , this be 31 . dispatcher ( v.o. ) go ahead , 31 . charlie we be leave huntingburg . we will be back in a hour . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ten-four . get out of there . charlie we be go . over and out . Charlie hang up the radio . he start write on a clipboard . silence for a few moment , and then Charlie notice Tom stare at he . charlie what ? tom you ear . charlie what about my ear ? tom you have get a major hair growth go on . charlie shut up . tom I be serious . you be gonna need somebody to go in there with a weed whacker . Charlie grab a donut bag off the seat and toss it to Tom . charlie here . tom you be offer I one of you donut ? I do not know what to say . I be get all misty . charlie if it will shut you mouth you can have the whole bag . Charlie start the truck . Tom think about it , then toss the bag back . tom Nah . I start eat donut and I will never get out of this truck . charlie ( disgust ) I love how you think you be better than this . tom do not get I wrong , Charlie . there 's a lot to like about this job -- and I do not just mean the dash polyester ensemble and the solid three - figure income . charlie ( angry ) you ungrateful shit ! I do not believe you ! tom ( surprised ) Charlie , relax ! I be kid ! charlie you do not wanna do this ? Fine . go back to sell hot construction machinery . that 's a helluva career . tom it have better hour . Charlie slam the clipboard down on the seat . charlie you think this be a joke ? this be funny ? Jesus Christ ! you know how lucky you be you could get in here ? thirty year old and all the crap you pull and you never get catch ? tom ( angry ) that be not luck , old man . that be skill . I be good at it . charlie oh , yeah , it take a lot of skill to fence bulldozer . that 's goddamn genius time . tom about as much skill as it take to sit in a truck and get fat eat donut . charlie oh , so that 's all I have be do , huh ? just waste my life away . tom I do not say that . charlie yeah , building a home , raise a family -- that 's just stupid . tom I do not say that ! charlie you know what , Tom ? I really do not give a shit what you say . Tom do not reply . Charlie put the truck in gear ; start off . Tom look at Charlie , shake he head -- what be that about ? ext . roadside bar - establishing - dusk int . roadside bar - dusk ecu pen on paper write letter in a crossword puzzle . holding the pen be ... jim late 5as , with a crease face and pierce eye . he 's sit at the bar , drink coffee . rain sheet down outside . the bartender watch tv , sound off . next to Jim at the bar be ... ray , kenny and mr. mehlor Ray , 40s , have lank hair , rheumy eye and a glass of irish whisky in front of he . Kenny , 20 , long hair , have the energy of a puppy -- unfortunately he have about as much smart as a puppy . Mr. mehlor. 40s , look like -- and be -- a high school teacher . on tv sound off , a man be cry about what he have lose in the flood . ray " thus saith the Lord ; behold , water shall rise up out of the north and be a overflow flood and all the inhabitant of the land shall howl . " jeremiah 47:2 . Ray take a drink . Kenny lean over to Ray , sotto . kenny you be gonna be able to buy a helluva lot of bible , huh , Ray ? I ? first thing I be gonna do be get my brother a lawyer . best that money can buy . a think come to Jim -- a answer to a clue in the crossword -- and he start fill in word as Ray and Kenny talk . ray what 's he face ? kenny thirty in . ray he cap a cop or something ...? kenny Security guard . " in the commission ... " all he 's get be a piece of shit p.d. now I be gonna be able to afford he a good lawyer -- a guy with a haircut . Jim lean over to Kenny . jim ' scuse I a second . take a look at thirty - one across . Jim slide the newspaper in front of Kenny . kenny shit , Jim . I do not do crossword puzzle . mr. mehlor I will take a look , Jim . jim Kenny can read . ( to Kenny ) just look at it . you know when you write down a word and suddenly it look all wrong ? maybe it 's right , but it do not look right ? Jim point at the newspaper . jim thirty - one across . Kenny shrug and look down at the newspaper . kenny ( mumble as he read ) mention money again and ... his eye go wide . ecu crossword puzzle in a uncompleted part of the puzzle , Jim have write a message in the box . it read : mention money and i'll kill you . jim and kenny Kenny look up at Jim . Jim glance over at the bartender then back at Kenny . understand ? jim do I get it right ? kenny yeah , Jim . you get it right . int . armore truck - dusk Charlie and Tom continue to drive in silence . they both sneak look at each other . they eye meet for a second , then they look away . a moment 's pause then ... tom jerk . charlie jack-ass . a hint of a smile on both of they . Tom reach for Charlie . tom give we a kiss . come on . Charlie go red in the face , push Tom away . charlie get out of here . tom ( laugh , beat ) you really be a cranky old fart , you know that ? charlie I be sorry . tom what be that about ? I mean , I be just sit here and all of a sudden you go postal on I . charlie I do not know , I ... it 's just this weather . I ... I want to get back . tom you know , I really do appreciate what you have do for I . this be a good job . charlie no , it 's not . it stink . it 's put you life on the line for someone else 's money . ext . road out of town - dusk look away from town , the high school be on the leave . on the right be the cemetery . farther on , on the leave , be a car and boat dealership . the road be cover in water . the armore truck go by the entrance to the high school , water shoot up from the wheel , push out in a wide wake . int . truck Tom glance ahead and see that the road be cover in water . tom Jesus . where 's the road ? there Pov stretch out ahead of they be reflector bar on the telephone pole , a few foot above the rippling surface of the floodwater . charlie it 's there . ( beat ) somewhere . I hope. ( beat ) look , Tom , I do not care what it be you end up do . tom oh , God , here we go again . charlie this be the last time , I swear . Tom see something ahead . he do not understand at first . he Pov the reflector bar on the pole two pole ahead be lower than the other . no reflector bar for a hundred yard , then they resume . charlie ( look at Tom ) I just think , whatever it be you do , it 's time you do some heavy lift . Tom figure out what 's go on with the reflector bar . tom stop ! charlie no , you gotta hear this . you be better than -- tom stop the truck ! we be go down ! outside the truck the water rise fast up the grille as the truck angle down . inside the truck charlie Jesus ! Charlie stand on the brake . there Pov a wave of water rush forward from the truck , then come back and wash over the hood , splash up on the windshield . tom back up ! Charlie throw the truck into reverse but give it too much power . they hear the rear wheel spin underwater . Charlie ease off , the tire start to catch , they start move backwards . Charlie and Tom exchange a quick look of relief ... and then the engine die . Charlie try to restart it , but there 's nothing . outside the truck it 's stop on a downgrade -- it 's a dip in the road . the water be up to the top of the front tire : up to the hubcap on the rear wheel . the headlight be underwater , spot of yellow glow . they have stop next to a light sign . close on sign welcome to huntingburg . home of the 1987 state champion warrior . in the truck charlie goddammit ! tom it 's a little dip in the road or something . you can see the reflector come up the other side . charlie ( curse to himself ) I know this would happen . ( grab radio mike ) tom I will see if there 's anyone come . maybe we can get pull out . Tom open the door . Charlie adjust the radio frequency selection button ; click on . charlie dispatch , this be 31 . 31 call dispatch . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) 31 , this be dispatch . charlie ( into radio ) dispatch , we be stick outside of huntingburg . truck 's dead . dispatcher ( v.o. ) where be you ? charlie we be on 231 , head for the interstate . right by a sign say " welcome to huntingburg . " Tom climb out and up on top of the truck . outside the truck Tom stand on top of the truck . in one direction , nothing but blackness . the other way he can see the light of the town . but there be no car come . in the truck Charlie look over as Tom appear , upside - down , in the doorway . tom the town 's be evacuate . we will not get any help from there . charlie dispatch can not get anyone out . tom they be aware we be carry a shitload of money ...? charlie they call the National Guard . they be gonna be here in about ninety minute . tom ninety minute ? Jesus . charlie ( nod ; into radio ) dispatch , we be gonna need help a little sooner than -- there 's a sudden sparking sound and the radio cut out and interior light and the headlight go out . tom oh , shit . int . house - dusk Pov through window look out as the sheriff 's car roll past on the water - cover street . a hand let go of a curtain and it swing across the window . ext . STREET - dusk in the sheriff' car the sheriff motion Wayne to stop the car , then he grab the radio mike and click it on as a megaphone . sheriff ( into mike ) Henry , I see you . come on out . no one come out of the house . sheriff Henry , I be not leave until you come out . a few moment pass and then ... henry and doreen swerzky late 70 , step out onto they porch . doreen Jesus H. Christ , Henry , I tell you to stay away from the damn window . the sheriff get out of the car . sheriff what be you still do here ? henry we be just -- doreen we be set trap . sheriff that 's illegal , doreen . doreen you gonna arrest we , sheriff ? Hell , be you even sheriff anymore , sheriff ? do not you lose a election ? I sure as hell know I do not vote for you , and neither do Henry . henry doreen ... sheriff you do not need to set trap . doreen that 's what they say in ' 73 . when we get back , anything the bastard do not steal they break , just for the hell of it . sheriff that 's not happen this time . doreen damn right it 's not . sheriff you can not stay , you know that . henry we be go to my sister 's . sheriff good . doreen soon as we finish set the trap . the sheriff want to say something more , but he 's not about to argue with doreen . he just nod and get back into the car . in the car the sheriff climb back in . he and Wayne watch Henry and doreen go back into the house , doreen still nag at Henry . sheriff God will understand if you have to drow she in the basement , Henry . the sheriff sigh , nod to Wayne . Wayne put the car in gear . ext . armore truck - night the water be creep up the sloping hood of the truck . charlie we gotta get out of here . tom what about the money ? charlie the money 's safe ; we be not . Water rise about a foot in the last twenty minute . the National Guard be not go to be here for another hour . you do the math . Tom shrug -- Charlie 's right . they be about to get out when light wash up on they . they look out to see ... the headlight of a gmc suburban approach on the other side of the dip , a quarter - mile away . charlie and tom look at each other then get out of the truck . the suburban stop on the far side of the dip -- a hundred yard away . the headlight shine across the water . Doors open and men get out . tom and charlie come around the front of the truck . they can not see through the glare of the suburban 's bright headlight . charlie hello ! man' voice you okay ? you stick ? charlie yes ! man' voice we will see if we can get you out ! we will be right over ! Charlie look at Tom , relieved . charlie look like we might just -- the suburban headlights go on high beam . charlie and tom squint , blind by the high beam . tom why would they do that ? charlie probably so they can see better . tom or so we can not see at all . Charlie look at he -- what do he mean ? Tom put he hand on he pistol . in the water assemble by the suburban be ... jim and he men all hold gun . he speak to they quietly . jim this be my retirement fund , boy , and if any one of you screw up , I swear to God I will kill you . let 's go . they start wading down into the dip in the road . Kenny carry a rifle . tom and charlie Tom squint through the bright light . charlie company dispatch and the National Guard be the only one who know we be here . tom anyone with a scanner from Radio shack could have intercept you call , Charlie . charlie ( realize ) Jesus . tom ( to Jim and man ) could you turn down you light ?! jim we be bring a rope ! tom turn down you light ! jim we will be right there ! Tom start to pull he gun . kenny be fire up on adrenalin . he have he rifle up and be aim it . he Pov Tom with he hand on he pistol , start to pull it out . tom and charlie Charlie see Tom go for he gun . he move close to Tom , half in front of he , put he hand on Tom 's . charlie take it easy , Tom . kenny stiffen . kenny' finger squeeze the trigger of he rifle . tom jump at the sound of the rifle crack . charlie be knock back . tom yank out he gun and start shoot back . jim and he men duck down in the water . tom shoot blindly , look over and see ... charlie a horrible look on he face , blood come out of he neck . he sink into the water . kenny shoot off another few quick round . tom drop into the water , bullet plugging in around he . just he hand and pistol be visible , shoot blindly back toward Jim and he man . the suburban be hit by Tom 's fire . tom run out of bullet . a beat later we see Charlie start move through the water -- Tom be pull he . jim stop shoot ! kenny do not hear Jim and keep fire . jim aim he pistol at Kenny 's head . jim stop . Kenny stop . behind the armore truck Tom come up in the water behind the truck , gasp , hold Charlie . Tom rest he gun on the truck bumper . charlie I be sorry , Tom . Charlie 's go . jim and he men Jim glare at Kenny , he eye on fire . kenny he be go for he gun ! jim he be not gonna shoot , Kenny . goddamnit ! ( shake head , call to Tom ) we just want the money ! get away and we will not have to kill you ! tom shut he eye , think , scared . jim ( o.s. ) now ! Tom open he eye . he look down at ... charlie float in the water . tom what the hell be he go to do ? jim and he men Jim 's man look at he . Jim motion they to wait some more . jim you get thirty second to get the hell away ! Jim and the other wait , but there 's no answer from Tom . jim the clock 's run ! go ! still no response from Tom . there Pov all they can see be the front of the truck , in the light of the " welcome " sign . they can not see the back . jim and he men Jim nod to he man . they head for the truck , down into the deeper water at the bottom of the dip in the road . all have gun up and ready . Jim send Mr. mehlor and Ray out to circle around . they all move quietly . the only sound be the rain . jim get to the truck and move along its side , Kenny right behind he . Jim get to the back of the truck , nod for Kenny to cover he , then step out behind the truck , gun up . jim' Pov Tom be go . charlie be float in the water , eye of glass . kenny , mr. mehlor and ray step into the circle of light throw by the " welcome " sign . jim ( eye Charlie ) ah , jesus. ( to Kenny ) you dad would be real proud of you , Kenny . kenny he be go for he gun ! jim Mr. mehlor , I believe we be gonna need you science project . Mr. mehlor nod and dig into he pack . Ray look down at Charlie in the water . ray " I shall bring floodwater upon the earth to destroy all that life under the heaven and every creature that have the breath of life in it shall perish . " Genesis 6:17 . kenny be you a preacher or something ? Ray laugh . mr. mehlor Ray do five year in the hole at joliet . the only thing you get to read in the hole be the Bible . kenny ( to Ray ) you get religion ? ray obviously . Mr. mehlor laugh as he pull something out of he pack . it 's ... SMALL explosive device a half -stick of dynamite with a timer , mount on a magnet . mr. mehlor when you hit the switch you have get thirty second . ray you teach you student how to make thing like that ? Mr. mehlor put the device on the back door . mr. mehlor you be to a high school recently , Ray ? my student teach I how to make thing like that . ready ? jim hold on . something 's wrong . Jim touch the handle on the door . it move . uh-oh . he raise he pistol , grab the door handle and pull . the door swing open . we do not need to see what he see -- we can tell from the expression on he face . ext . on the road Tom be run hard through the knee - deep water , pull a string of canvas money bag buckle together . the truck and " welcome " sign be two hundred yard behind he . Tom hear a angry yell . ext . by the armore truck Kenny be the one yell . jim shut up . everyone . they quiet . the patter of the rain be too loud -- they can not hear anything . Jim scan the horizon , but see nothing . ray now why would he have to go and do a thing like that ? jim to stay alive . ( off they look ) he think we will kill he -- unless he know where the money be and we do not . mr. mehlor there be another possibility . ( off they look ) he 's think of keep it for himself . jim there 's always that . either way , we get ourselves a sharp one . kenny what do we do ? Jim be look at something in the distance . jim pretty soon the water will be too deep for he to run . but for we it will be just deep enough . kenny ( unclear ) deep enough for what ? int . car and boat dealership - showroom a glass window be smashed and water flood into the boat showroom . Jim and he man stride in . Kenny ogle a particularly nice cruiser . Jim stop at a smallish ski-boat . jim here we go . kenny ( be : cruiser ) what about this monster ? jim ( be : ski-boat ) this be all we need . ray shit , Jim , we be steal . can not we take anything we want ? jim the water be not very deep yet . we need something with a low draft . Mr. mehlor -- find we some gasoline . Mr. mehlor head off . kenny see something else he like . we do not see what it be . kenny oh , Jim ...? ext . cemetery the name william portman be chisele into a crypt . Tom appear from underwater , gasp for breath . he get to he foot and trudge off through the water . ext . road outside cemetery Tom come out through the gate of the cemetery , splash through the knee - deep water . he 's run when he hear , from behind he , boat engine fire up . he turn to see ... light Racing toward he over the water , a hundred and fifty yard back . tom sprint off . the ski - boat Jim be steering the ski-boat . Mr. mellor hunker down beside he . we pull back to see ... two jet-skis flanking the ski-boat , pilote by Kenny and Ray . on the road Tom be run as fast as he can . he look back , see the ski-boat and jet-skis close . they will get he before he get to town . he suddenly veer off the road toward ... the high school the sign out front read : go warrior ! ext . high school Tom run around the side of the high school . jim and he men ride up on the ski-boat and jet-skis and round the corner . there Pov no sign of Tom . jim cut you engine ! the engine be shut down . they all drift . Jim shine a flashlight over onto ... window there 's a hole in a window large enough to climb through . int . high school - classroom Tom wade through the classroom , push float desk aside . flashlight beam stab into the room . Tom hurry to the hall . ext . high school Jim turn to he man . jim let 's get he out . but for godsake , whatever you do ... ( with a hard look at Kenny ) ... do not kill he . not until we find out where he hide that money . int . high school - hallway Tom make he way past bank of locker , try to get as far as he can from the probing flashlight beam . ext . high school - front door Kenny drift up to the front door . he pull on they . lock . jim Mr. mehlor ? mr. mehlor reaches into he pack . int . school hallway Tom try locker , look for a place to hide . ext . front door Kenny ride he jet-ski fast away from the front door and the door explode . int . school front lobby Tom duck down as ... a fireball shoot over he . kenny and ray ride the jet-skis into the flood school . underwater Tom be swim as hard as he can , out of breath . kenny and ray Ray go off down a hall while Kenny idle in the lobby . tom surface , gasp . kenny hear the gasp , turn , grin . kenny enemy sub off the port bow ! tom get to he foot run as fast as he can down the hall . he round a corner and keep go . kenny gun he engine and take off after Tom . tom run another thirty foot , then trip on something and go down . kenny come around the corner , grin when he see ... tom halfway down the hall , stand freeze , catch in Kenny 's light . kenny gun it , racing forward down the hall toward Tom . kenny full steam ahead ! the jet-ski Hit something underwater and stop . kenny keeps go . he fly through the air , slam headfirst into a trophy case and drop into the water . tom stands up -- he be kneel . tom low tide , sailor . a handrail on the wall , angle down into the water . underwater there be a couple of step lead up to a change in level in the hall -- that 's what the jet-ski ground on . hallway Ray motor down the hallway toward the corner . ray Kenny ? he Pov around the corner come a jet-ski . Ray assume it 's Kenny . ray see he ? then the jet-ski speed up and shoot by he . Ray see it 's ... tom wearing Kenny 's hat and jacket . ray give chase . school hallway Ray race after Tom along the flood hallway , take the turn fast . Ray pull a gun , start shoot . tom' Pov tearing through the hall , flashlight lighting the way . bullet hit the wall , ceiling , water around he . tom come around a corner , see the open front door ahead of he . jim and mr. mehlor come into view in the ski-boat , block the exit . tom turn hard and speed down a side hall . tom' Pov a wall of window at the end . no way out . trapped . then ... kenny rise out of the water , blood run down he face , pistol up . tom look back . ray be on he tail . tom make he choice and gun the jet-ski straight at Kenny . tom yee -hah ! kenny fire , miss and be knock to the side as ... tom hunch down on the jet-ski and crash through the window . ext . high school Jim and Mr. mehlor be move right outside the window just as Tom blast out of the school and race off into the dark . ext . OPEN water Tom move fast over the water . he yank off he clip - on tie . jim and the other chase Tom 's light , behind by fifty yard , head out into farm field . they get closer and closer and then watch as ... tom' jet-ski run straight into a tree and explode . jim and the other Race up to find the burn , flame wreckage of the jet - ski . Ray circle on the other jet-ski . Kenny , still bleed from the head , be in the boat with Jim and Mr. mehlor . kenny ( laugh ) Nice drive , buttwipe ! ray I be glad you be enjoy this , Kenny , but if he 's dead , how do we find the money ? Kenny react -- oh , right . jim oh , he 's still alive . we see what Jim see . ecu throttle of jet -ski Tom use he tie to wrap the throttle open . hundre yard away Tom be hide in the branch of a float tree , watch the distant light of Jim and he man . the current carry Tom away . with jim and he men Jim scan the horizon ; see nothing . jim Ray , I be in need of a little inspiration . ray " with a raging flood he make a end of that who oppose he , and pursue he enemy into darkness . " from one of the more obscure -- kenny sorry to interrupt Bible study and all , but have no one but I notice how completely screw we be ? we should be back in the motel room , count out the money . instead -- Jim lash out with a fist , hard and fast , hit Kenny in the chest , knock he out of the ski-boat , into the water . Kenny come up in the thigh - deep water , sputtering . jim no one like this particular turn of event , Kenny , but we have a choice -- we can can either deal with it or we can walk away . there 's a lot of money out there , so I choose to deal with it . if you want to go , that 's fine -- start swim . you want to stay , that 's fine , too -- just stop you damn whining . Jim push the throttle forward and the ski-boat take off , leave Ray on the jet-ski , with Kenny in the water . kenny what the hell 's he problem ? all the money in the world be not worth a goddamn nickel if you get catch . it 's not like there will not be other job . ray you may have more of this in you , Kenny , but Jim do not . Ray pull Kenny up onto the jet-ski and take off after Jim . ext . back of church - sandbag wall the water level be creep up a five- foot-high wall of sandbag . reverse angle look out over the top of the sandbag wall . a tree float by on the water . hand suddenly appear on the top of the wall and ... tom pull himself into view . he climb over the wall , exhaust . behind the sandbag wall gasoline - power pump be suck up any rainwater . the sandbag have keep the floodwater at bay . tom he hurry up the back step and go into the church . int . church - back room Tom walk through a small room line with close cupboard . he go through a door . int . church - MAIN hall Tom come out into the altar . he look around , impressed . it 's a beautiful church . scaffold go up one wall -- the church be be restore . Tom be startle by a sound from above . he grab a heavy silver candlestick as a weapon and look up to see ... bird flutter up in the rafter . tom take a breath . just as he relax , he hear a whoosh sound from behind he and turn to see ... a large crucifix be swing at he head . thunk and ... the screen goe black fade in : int . sheriff' station Tom slowly regains consciousness , blink he eye . he hear ... sheriff ( o.s. ) what be you do here ? but the sheriff be not ask Tom , he 's ask ... karen 30 , pretty , even in head - to - toe rain gear . karen I be set up pump . wayne I sure as hell do not get what you see in that church . karen I would not expect you to , Wayne . wayne what 's that suppose to mean ? sheriff Karen , do you think the order be for everyone but you to evacuate ? karen I be gonna go as soon as I fill the pump , but the next thing I know , I have get a looter on my hand . now , maybe I be crazy , but I be expect a little gratitude ? phil I think it 's great what you do . wayne that 's it , phil . that will finally get you into she pants . phil shut up . sheriff what if he would have a gun , Karen ? a lot of this looter carry gun . tom ( o.s. ) I be not a looter . tom sit up on a cot , behind bar in the hold cell , woozy . int . high school Jim and he man be search the school for the money . ray Jim , it could be anywhere . it might not even be in the school . jim keep look . ext . MAIN STREET the rain sheet down hard . a lightning flash reveal ... the statue the water be up to the horse 's knee . the lightning pass and a second later thunder roll . int . sheriff' station the sheriff , phil , Wayne and Karen stand outside the cell . Tom be inside , on the cot . he touch the cut on he forehead . wayne what be you do at the church ? karen I tell you -- he be looting it . tom I just say I be not a looter ! ( to Karen ) you be the one who nail I ? ( Karen nod ) you get a better arm than my ex-wife . what the hell do you hit I with -- a statue ? I see a flash of some guy come at I . karen ( mumble , embarrassed ) it be a crucifix . ( to other ) it be the only thing there ! tom oh , great . now I be gonna have people come from around the world to see the face of Jesus on my forehead . sheriff look , son , what be you do in the church ? tom look for a place to hide out . wayne from who -- swamp thing ? tom the bastard who kill my partner . that stop the room . tom we be drive a armored truck . the truck get stick out past the high school . they must have pick up we call to dispatch , ' cause they know where we be . Charlie and I be just stand there and all hell break loose . sheriff how much money do you have ? tom a little over three million . they all exchange a look -- that 's a lot of money . tom the bank be afraid of looter . they have we clean out they branch up and down the river . wayne they steal three million dollar ? sheriff no , I do not think so . they all look at the sheriff . he look at Tom . sheriff you take the money , do not you . tom I hide it in the cemetery . tied it to a crypt for a guy name portman . wayne what the hell would you do that for ? tom I do not like to carry around that much cash . sheriff Jesus , Wayne , use you head . if he have not hide it , they woulda kill he , too . the sheriff look at Tom -- be that it ? Tom nod . sheriff you get any id ? tom no , it be in my jacket and I -- wayne Color I surprised . the sheriff think for a beat , then toss some key to phil . sheriff get out two rifle and a shotgun . phil nod and go to it . the sheriff open a desk drawer , pull out a ankle holster . wayne you believe he ? sheriff well , yes , Wayne , I do . and even if I do not , I would say we sure as hell have a obligation to check it out , do not you think ? the sheriff start strapping on the ankle holster . tom I will go with you . I can show you where -- sheriff no , I think you better stay put . but that be -- wayne yeah , all we need be a armored car guy help we out . the sheriff thwacks Wayne in the ear . wayne ow ! sheriff Wayne , what 's the worst that 's ever happen to you ? when old Mrs. dugan go after you with a knife ? this guy just get shot at ! ( dismiss Wayne ; to Tom ) smart move with the money . phil come over with the gun . sheriff ( to phil ) Wayne and I will check out the cemetery . you escort slugger ... ( nod at Karen ) ... out of town . get she to some high ground , then come on back . the sheriff jam a small pistol into he ankle holster . karen I have to fill the pump -- sheriff ( pull she out ) not any more you do not . the sheriff straighten up , grab a rifle from phil and pull Karen to the door . Wayne go to Tom 's cell door and pull it shut with a click . sheriff Wayne ... wayne he could still be lie ! the sheriff roll he eye and gesture for Wayne to come along . he open the door for Karen , Wayne and phil to go through . tom sheriff -- they kill my partner without any warning . sheriff and they be gonna regret that , I guarantee you . they be gonna regret come anywhere near this town tonight . and out he go . ext . sheriff' station Water be halfway up the four- foot high wall of sandbag around the station . there be three outboard motorboat moor to the sandbag . sheriff phil , take Karen 's boat . the sheriff and Wayne climb toward they boat . wayne you can do it , phil . the man of huntingburg be count on you . phil just bite I . Wayne laugh as he and the sheriff fire up they boat engine . int . sheriff' station Tom hear boat engine start up and move away . he lay back down on the cot , listen to the rain . int . dam control office empty . Light come out from under the door to the bathroom . int . bathroom hank be on the can read a copy of " american survivalist " magazine . a odd reaction come over he face . he feel something weird . he look down . on the floor Water be seeping in under the door . hank Holy shit ! int . dam control office the bathroom door fly open and hank waddle out , pants around he foot . he shuffles fast to the control wheel and start spin they . ext . reservoir dam two gate open fast , all the way , and water thunder out . int . dam control office hank pull up he pants as he get on the radio . hank sheriff ! sheriff ! ext . park area the sheriff and Wayne be motor in they boat , zoom through the tree , engine noise obliterate anything come in over the radio . int . dam control office hank ( on the radio ) sheriff , come in ! ext . MAIN STREET - moving boat phil steer Karen 's small boat down Main Street , past the statue . the water be up to the rider 's stirrup . karen ( plead ) do you see the stain glass window , phil ? do you see what a good job they do ? I can not let anything happen to the church , not after all I have put into it . phil Karen , you know I would do anything for you , but the sheriff tell I to get you out of town . I be sorry . it 's for you own good . Karen stand up . phil what be you do ? karen if you be not go to take I back to the church , then I will swim . Karen move to get out of the boat . phil no . hey , hold on . phil let go of the throttle and stand , move toward Karen . karen what be I say ? Karen suddenly turn on phil and push he out of the boat . karen this be my boat . you swim . Karen gun the engine and shoot off down a side street . phil stand in the waist - deep water and watch she go , flabbergasted . ext . church Karen come around a corner and drive she boat up to the church . the water be swirl quietly , still a good three foot below the top of the wall . ext . road out of town - welcome sign Close on the light " welcome to huntingburg " sign . there 's a rush sound and a two-foot-high wall of water hit the sign . the light explode in geyser of spark and the water rush on . ext . park area the sheriff and Wayne be racing through a grove of half - submerge tree . there 's a rush sound above the sound of the engine . wham ! and they be hit by the wall of water . Wayne fall out of he boat and be lose in the swirl water . ext . alleyway Jim and he man be motor down a alleyway when ... the wall of water rushes down the alley . ray the water hit he hard , knock he off the jet-ski . he 's sweep away by the water . close on a fence lace with concertina wire the surge water shoot through it . and suddenly there 's ... ray slam up against the fence , pin to it , water rush over and around and by he . he yell as the wire cut into he . ext . church Karen be pour gasoline into the pump . she hear the rush and look up as the surge hit . Water shoot over the top . int . sheriff' station Tom hear the sound and open he eye -- what the hell be that ? ext . sheriff' station the wall of water slam in hard , cascade over the sandbag wall . int . sheriff' station tom sit up , swinging he legs over the side of the cot . he react , look down . he Pov there 's two foot of water in the station . ext . sheriff' station the building be like a rock in a stream , with the water rush up high against one wall , roiling and swirl around the side . int . sheriff' station Tom look over , stunne , to see ... the door as a fine stream spit in through the keyhole . the window be heaving as the water rise up against they . tom get to he foot , woozy and go to get out of the cell . he remember -- uh-oh : the cell door be lock . ext . alleyway Jim pull Ray , cough , choke , bleed , into the ski - boat . int . sheriff' station the water level inside be rise fast . it hit the wall socket and there 's a spit of spark , then all the desk lamp go dark . Light still come from overhead fluorescent panel . Tom see ... two keys on a key ring laying on the sheriff 's wooden desk . they be four foot away -- too far to reach . ext . church Karen suddenly have a horrible think and stop . she shake it off -- do not want to think about it -- and mutter to herself . karen they will get he out . ext . MAIN STREET phil be cling to the statue as the water surge by below he . ext . park area Wayne get back into he boat . the sheriff realize something . sheriff Wayne ... you lock he in . int . sheriff' station Tom look through the cell bar at wooden chair bob in the water . the sheriff 's desk lift up , start float . Tom get a idea . he take he belt off . ext . near sheriff' station a telephone pole be half - submerge , be pull along fast by the current . int . sheriff' station Tom hold one end of the belt and toss the rest of it at ... the desk bob in the rise water . he miss the key . tom and the desk Tom try again . the belt land on the desk top . Tom very gently start pull . too hard ; the belt start slip off the desk . he get it just right and the desk start move toward Tom . he reach out with he hand , stretch . he finger touch the top of the desk , start pull it toward he , and he just get a firm grip on the desk when ... the telephone pole smash into a window , bend in the bar on the window , shatter the glass , let a torrent of water into the room . the desk be move by the rush of water , but not before Tom grab ... the keys and grip they tight . tom tries the key in the lock . they do not fit . he look at they . cu keys the tag be emblazon with the Ford logo . tom great ! I can drive out of here ! Tom toss the key into the water and look around at ... the water level rising very fast . a foot in ten second . tom climb up the cell bar , the water rise with he . he 's run out of room between himself and the ceiling . Three foot . two foot . he 's be push up by the water toward ... fluorescent light fixture on the ceiling , cage in a wire cover . tom be terrify , about to die . the water rise up past he face . tom' hand pull he maglite flashlight from he belt . he take off the lens and the battery cap , then shake the battery out . tom stick the flashlight tube up through the wire grate over the light fixture . he blow out the water -- like clear a snorkel -- then breathes . reprieve for a few moment and then ... the water reaches the top of the flashlight tube and start to trickle in when ... the fluorescent light fixture go dark . in the darkness , there 's the sound of tube break and metal be wrench . tom look up , astonished , to see ... the fluorescent fixture be lift up and away from above . streetlight come in , silhouett ... a figure stand on the roof . the figure lean down and start tug at the wire cage over the inside of the fixture . in the light , Tom see that it 's ... karen and she 's pull as hard as she can , but the wire cage be not budging . she pull out a swiss Army knife , unfold a small knife and start take out the screw hold the cage in place . she get two screw out . tom pull on the cage and it swing down . he climb up it . ext . sheriff' station roof Tom surface in a hole in the roof . there 's a vent duct lay on the roof -- Karen must have kick that over to get to the light fixture . Karen help Tom up . she sit and he lay down on the roof , catch he breath . tom thank you . karen I owed you -- for hit you and all . but we be even now , okay ? tom even. ( beat , look around ) what happen ? karen I do not know . they get up . karen maybe another levee break upriver . they have be -- just then ... a propane tank explode . the fireball rip across the dark sky , illuminate everything , show ... jim and he men fifty foot away -- Jim , Mr. mehlor and Ray in the ski-boat and Kenny on the jet-ski -- gun aim at Tom and Karen . tom oh , God . darkness as the lightning pass , and in the darkness , the thunder roll . jim and he men switch on they light and move forward . they pass ... car float down the street with other debris . the car have be damage by the flood -- one be miss a door . jim and he men when they get closer to the sheriff 's station , what they see -- or do not see -- make they stop . there Pov Tom and Karen have disappear . Karen 's boat be still moor to the sheriff 's station roof , empty . jim they be in the water ! Kenny , cut you engine ! Kenny shut off the engine of the one remain jet-ski . Jim shut down the boat engine . they float in silence , scan the water with they flashlight . there 's no sign of Tom and Karen . underwater Tom motion Karen to follow he . she 's freak and hesitates . Tom grab she hand and pull she . there Pov the ski-boat and jet-ski be right above they , flashlight play over the water . jim and he men reach the roof of the sheriff 's station . Jim look around . jim Kenny , go that way . we will go down here . long shot Pov through car windshield of Kenny and Jim head off in different direction . tom and karen rise into view in a car . they gasp for air and keep low . karen tell they where the money be . tom I can not . karen well , I can . she 's about to call out . Tom grab she hard . tom if they know where the money be , they will kill we . before Karen can say anything , a flashlight beam come swinging toward they and they have to duck underwater . jim watch as he flashlight beam wash over the car . nothing there . he gun he engine and head off down the street . the car float off around a corner . in the car Tom and Karen surface , catch they breath . quiet for a few moment as they both look around to see that Jim and he man be go . karen so what do we do ? tom I guess just drive around until we run out of gas . karen ( piss ) look , I have spend the last eight month of my life restore that church , and I just leave it to come save you ass , so spare I , okay ? tom ( beat ) when we get down here a little further we will find a place for you to hide . ( off she look ) I be gonna get back to the truck and wait for the National Guard . ( check watch ) they should be there pretty soon . Karen nod . Tom look at she . she 's shiver . tom cold ? karen no , I be fine . the heater just kick in . Tom look at she , give a little grin . they eye meet for a second , then they look away . ext . sheriff' station phil climb up onto the roof , exhaust . he see the hole in the roof and go to look at it . as he 's look down ... sheriff ( o.s. ) be he dead ? phil turn to see ... the sheriff and wayne coast up in they boat . phil no . someone get he out . sheriff who ? phil ( hesitates ) maybe Karen . wayne Karen ? how could she get he out ? you take she out of town . phil I -- it -- sheriff let 's hear it , phil . phil it happen real fast , okay ? ext . alleyway Tom and Karen float down the alley in the car . karen you ever be rob before ? tom no . the scariest thing that ever happen before be Charlie run out of donut . ( off she look ) I have only be do this for a couple month . karen ( not what she want to hear ) oh. silence for a few moment . karen what would you do before this ? tom I , uh ... I sell construction machinery . ( off she look ) I be make good money , it just ... I do not know . it just do not seem right for I anymore . karen how would you end up in this ? tom my uncle do I a favor ; get I in . karen Nice favor . how 's he gonna feel after tonight ? tom my uncle be Charlie -- my partner in the truck . karen oh , God . I be sorry . Tom nod -- so be he . ext . sheriff' station phil climb into the sheriff 's boat . wayne she know karate or something , phil ? maybe kung fu ? I mean , I can not see how else she could overpower the like of you . phil shut up , Wayne . sheriff shut up , both of you . let 's go find Karen ; see if she 's get he . the sheriff fire up he engine and head off , Wayne follow . ext . alleyway Karen and Tom be still in the car . they freeze at the sound of engine in the distance . the sound fade . Tom look around . tom God , I wonder whose car this be . Karen pluck some cassette tape out of the water . karen well , whoever it be , he listen to Pat benatar , Eddie money and the soundtrack to " footloose . " tom really ? ( look at tape ) hold on ... ( look around car ) ... I think this be my car from high school . Karen laugh . just then ... the car get catch on something and stop . tom look like we get out here . ( Karen hesitates ) come on -- I tell you father I would have you home by ten . Karen grin . just then ... a transformer down the street explode . tom and karen hear a sparking sound and look over to see ... a transformer on a telephone / power pole close to they . rain hit it , cause the sparking sound . the floodwater be inching up the pole toward it . the water will reach the transformer in a matter of second . and while they be stare at that ... another transformer at the end of the street explode as water hit it . tom and karen look around -- what to do ? Tom point . tom there ! they climb out of the car and start swim toward a house . the transformer Water be three inch from the transformer ; two inch ... tom and karen swim as hard as they can . the transformer one inch from the water ... tom and karen reach the house . they pull themselves up onto a television antenna / ladder run up the side of the house . Karen 's foot be still in the water . tom get you foot up ! the transformer the water be about to touch . there 's a sizzling sound . tom and karen they heave a huge sigh of relief -- but then Tom realize ... tom oh , shit ! karen what ? tom ( be : antenna / ladder ) it 's metal ! Tom push Karen over onto a window ledge . then , just as Tom 's about to step over ... kenny come scream in on the jet-ski . he dive off the jetski , get a hold of Tom and pull he under . kenny and tom surface . Kenny be stronger and he have Tom in a tight grip . one problem -- Kenny do not know the danger they be in . tom we have gotta --! Kenny shove Tom underwater . kenny hey ! I got he ! Tom come up , look over at ... the transformer the sizzling be get louder . tom we have to --! Kenny dunk Tom again . kenny I got he ! underwater Tom grab Kenny 's arm and pull himself up fast . kenny and tom Tom 's head come out of the water and slam into Kenny 's chin . Kenny be stunne . Tom get free of he grasp . karen hurry ! Tom do the backstroke , pull hard toward Karen . kenny still stunne , finally hear the sizzling and look over at ... the transformer the water touch the outer case of the transformer . kenny start swim fast toward ... tom and karen Karen grab Tom 's arm and Tom get a hold of the windowsill and pull himself up . kenny grab onto ... the tv antenna and start pull himself out of the water . the transformer explode . kenny feel pretty pleased with himself until ... the tv antenna start dance with electricity and ... kenny be hit by the voltage and he tooth clamp shut and he body go rigid and he clothes explode in flame . tom and karen look away . the water Dead fish start float to the surface . kenny be fry , smoking . he fall off the tv antenna and hit the water with a loud and ugly hiss . he float away , he body shaking spasmodically . tom and karen Tom hear a engine approach . he look around , then smashes the window with he elbow . int . house the window glass tumble in . Tom reach in , undoe the latch and slide up the window . he climb in , straddle the window sill . the camera move down Tom 's leg to show ... a wolf trap laying on the floor , just below the window . tom be oblivious . he start to put he foot down into the trap . just then he knock ... a potted cactus off the windowsill . it fall straight down into ... the wolf trap hitting the trigger . the jaw snap , obliterate the cactus . tom Jesus Christ ! a shotgun barrel snap into view , point right at Tom 's head . woman ( o.s. ) you so much as breathe funny and you head be go back out that window without you . ext . residential STREET Jim drive the boat down the street . Mr. mehlor be scan the water with a flashlight . mr. mehlor Jim ! over there ! Jim look over to see ... the jet -ski float in the water . and not far from it be ... kenny still twitching . omitted sequence omit from original script . int . house - bedroom doreen hold the shotgun on Tom and Karen as they move away from the window , hand raise . doreen Real slow now . like you be in a big jar of molass . that 's it . they hear footstep come down old wood stair . man ( o.s. ) doreen ? you have not kill anybody , have you ? doreen I have get everything under control , Henry . you go back up . Henry enter . henry Jesus , doreen , you catch a whole gang . ext . residential STREET Jim and Mr. mehlor pull Kenny into the ski-boat . Kenny be shiver . part of he hair have be burn away . kenny Jesus , God , it hurt ! jim you be gonna be okay , Ken . Mr. mehlor know this thing and he think you be gonna be okay . Mr. mehlor look at Jim . Mr. mehlor know this thing and he think Kenny be go to die . kenny it hurt ! jim do not you , Mr. mehlor ? do not you think Kenny 's gonna be okay ? mr. mehlor yeah , Kenny . you be gonna be fine . kenny Jesus , I can not stop shiver . Mr. mehlor move aside . Jim put he arm around Kenny . kenny I know you do not want I to come . jim you kid ? we could not have do anything without you . kenny my dad would sure be piss off , huh ? jim you dad would just want you to lay still while we get you some help . kenny hey -- hey the pain 's goin ' . ( relief ) oh , man . he look up at Jim and grin . kenny when you say I be gonna be okay , I think you be just shittin ' I . jim see ? you gotta trust I . Kenny 's shiver stop . it stop because he 's dead . Jim slowly let go . int . henry and doreen' attic Henry and doreen have bring everything into they attic -- a tv , some silver and china , bowl trophy . a coleman lantern light the room . doreen ( sarcastic ) well , be not that just wonderful ! now this bastard be gonna want to kill we , too ! why the hell do you have to come to this house ? karen we think it be empty . doreen you know what ? the house next door be empty . so whaddya say we go back downstairs and you two keep move ? henry we be not go to send this people out to the wolf . doreen oh , we be not , be we ? then what 's you plan , General schwartzkopf ? henry I -- I just do not think -- tom it 's okay . I have to go anyway . they look at he , surprised . tom the National Guard will be at the truck in about fifteen minute . I be gonna go wait for they . doreen you can not swim that far in fifteen minute . henry he could take we boat . doreen Henry ! henry ( to Tom ) I will go get it ready for you . doreen Henry , he be not take we boat . Henry ignore doreen . he push the attic stair down , head down they . doreen ( grab tv ; to Tom ) here . you want a tv too ? how about some china ? maybe we silver ? ( set tv down ) Henry ! Henry , you leave the boat where it be ! doreen head off down the stair . Tom start down the stair , stop . tom Karen ? ( she look at he ) I be Tom . they shake hand . karen watch yourself , Tom . I really do not wanna have to save you life again . Tom nod and go down the stair . ext . henry's house Henry stand on the roof of the back porch , steadying a small rowboat as Tom get in . doreen nag from the window . doreen you give away we only boat in the middle of a flood . you be a genius , Henry . a goddamn genius . tom ( whisper to Henry , be : doreen ) you wanna come with I ? Henry look at Tom , entertaining the notion ... doreen Jesus , Henry , what be you wait for -- a kiss goodbye ? get back in here . Henry sigh and let go of the boat . Tom row off . long shot of tom we see he in silhouette , crossing the gap between two house . jim and he men be watch , from the shadow on the dark side of the street . ray why do not we just get he ? jim if we resourceful young friend hear we come , he will electrocute we or sink we or one of you will shoot he . besides ... ( glance at watch ) ... I know where he 's go . what I would like to know be where he come from . ext . church the sheriff sit in he boat , moor to the wall of sandbag around the church . Wayne 's boat be tie up next to it . the floodwater be trickle over the top of the wall . the gas - power pump inside the wall be keep the water at bay . wayne and phil come out of the front door of the church . wayne they be not here . ext . road out of town - welcome sign Tom row up to the truck and " welcome " sign . his flashlight show just the top of the truck and sign . Tom look at he watch , tie the rowboat to the sign , jump into the water . a few moment pass , then Tom surface , hold a shotgun . then he sense something behind he and turn to see ... a cow float in the water , tongue out , eye glassy . tom kick away , horrify . and then he hear a engine . he look . tom' Pov Jim 's ski-boat be come over the water . the engine cut out and the ski-boat drift , a hundred foot from Tom . jim ( yell ) Son , before you go underwater and do something tricky , there 's something I would like you to see ! a flashlight come on , the beam swivel , illuminate ... henry and doreen stand in the ski-boat , blink in the light . tom slump . jim now , I know it 's you job to protect that money , and maybe you would even be foolish enough to give you life for it . the question be , be you willing to give they life for it ? Jim put a pistol to doreen 's head . jim Drop the gun and get into the boat . tom thinks for a second , then throw the shotgun away and pull himself into the rowboat . jim excellent choice . tom , jim , henry and doreen as Tom and Jim call to each other across the water , doreen go at Henry . tom I will take you to the money , but you gotta let they go . doreen I hope you be proud of yourself , Henry sear . henry shh . jim I think it would be best if -- doreen I tell you not to give he the goddamn boat . henry doreen , please . jim I think it would be best if we all stay together . tom you say all you want be the money ? prove it . let they go . jim I do not know if that 's -- doreen we could be safe in we home instead of out here in a boat with this low - life scumbag ! jim ( after a look at doreen , nod to Mr. mehlor ) let them go . ext . MAIN STREET the sheriff , Wayne and phil motor past the statue . Wayne be drive he boat ; phil be with the sheriff . the water be up to the General 's neck . ext . road out of town Tom help Henry and doreen over into the rowboat . as he do , he face come close to Henry 's for a second . tom ( whisper ) Karen ? henry ( shake head , whisper ) in the attic . they never see she . ext . residential STREET Karen swim down the center of the street . ext . road out of town Tom be in the ski-boat with Jim . he look out at ... henry and doreen as Henry row they off into the darkness . doreen ( disappear in dark ) faster , Henry ! the bastard might change they mind ! stop lily - dip and move it ! Henry start to turn the boat around . doreen what be you do ? henry I be gonna row back there and see if he will shoot you . or I . Fine either way . doreen Henry ...? henry do you want I to get we out of here ? doreen yes , of course , I -- henry then shut the fuck up . Henry turn the boat around and row off . doreen be silent . jim' ski - boat Jim shake he head . Tom look at Ray , cough and at Kenny , dead . Tom do not know what to say . tom I ... jim the only thing I want to hear from you be where the money be . ext . STREET the sheriff and Wayne be motor fast down a street , the sheriff lead . the sheriff see something in the water in front of he . he curse and throttles down fast . karen be in the water , exhaust and cold . ext . cemetery Jim pilot the ski-boat into the cemetery . all be aghast . a dozen casket be float in the water . half of they have drift up against the fence ; the other be head that way . jim I wonder where they think they be go . ray what the hell 's go on ? mr. mehlor this happen in a flood in Georgia . the ground get soggy , and the casket be air-tight -- anyone who have not be plant too long just pop up . ray you teach you student stuff like that ? no wonder they kick you out . mr. mehlor I do not teach my student anything at all . jim ( to Tom ) where be it ? tom it 's hard to tell now with the water so deep . Jim cock the hammer on he pistol . Tom get the hint . tom it 's down there a little further . Jim nod , give the engine some juice and they move on . tom take a quick look at he watch . jim see Tom look at he watch . ext . STREET Karen be in the sheriff 's boat , wear phil 's jacket , try to warm up . karen Tom go off in they rowboat . wayne ( to phil ) it 's Tom now . look like you lose out , pal . sheriff where be he go ? karen back to the armored truck . ext . cemetery Jim throttles down the ski-boat engine . jim here ? tom uh ... no . a little farther -- jim they be not come , son . Tom look over at Jim , pretend to be confuse . tom what ? jim the National Guard . they be not come . tom I do not -- jim I know you have be try to stall until they show up , but they be not come . tom ( pause as he realize ) oh , God . you intercept Charlie 's call , then you call they off . jim no , son , I do not call they off . they never be come . we do not " intercept " Charlie 's call . he call we direct . and on Tom 's look of disbelief ... int . dam control office hank be on the radio . hank I would love to help you , sheriff , but I can not leave ! if the water go over the top again it 's bye-bye , dam ! bye - bye , town ! in fact , I could use a little help up here myself . ext . park area the sheriff be in he boat ; Wayne be back in he own . the sheriff be on the radio . sheriff hank , remember when Mike crane hole up in Jack finch 's barn and say he be gonna burn it down ? crosscut with hank hank hey , I be the one who get the dumb son-of - a- bitch to come out . sheriff right . and before you go in , I deputize you , you dumb son - of - a - bitch ! so when I say get down here , it 's not a request , it 's a order . so get down here ! now ! I will not need you for long . and bring you gun . ext . cemetery jim we be gonna hit you just before you get on the interstate , but then you get stick so we have to change we plan and take you -- tom bullshit . this be all bullshit . jim I know Charlie when we be both work construction for the johnstown company . his middle name be mccarthy because he parent love Charlie mccarthy on the radio . his wife 's name be Mary . she die of a heart - attack last year . he have a daughter and a son , both grow with child of they own . I be afraid I do not know the name of the grandchild . Tom look down , not want to believe . jim what else do I know ...? oh , yes . I know uncle Charlie be try to steer he favorite nephew away from a life of crime . Tom suddenly lunge for Jim . Ray yank Tom back . tom why would you shoot he ? kill Charlie and you get to keep another share ? jim no , that be a accident . Ken shot he . ( eye Kenny sadly ) I never tell he Charlie be on my side . Ken like to talk . ( shake head ) he should not have be here . but he dad ask I to watch over he . I guess I do not do the best job . ray Excuse I , Jim . I hate to interrupt and all , but could we just get the money and get the hell out of here ? jim ( nod ; to Tom ) I be gonna ask you one more time . and before you think of bullshit I again , keep in mind I have have a very frustrating night . and while I know I will never get the money if I kill you , it 's get to the point where I just do not care . Jim casually aim he gun at Tom . tom I will tell you where it be . but it 's not go to do you any good . Jim arch a eyebrow . tom the Guard may not be come , but someone else sure as hell be . ext . outskirt of town the sheriff at the control of he boat , move fast , spray by rain . Karen and phil be in the back of the boat . Wayne be close behind in he boat . ext . cemetery jim I will take my chance . Tom pause , look over to ... the crypt just the top of it be visible . two more coffins float nearby . tom there . Jim steer the ski-boat over , hand Tom a flashlight . jim well , go get it . Tom climb over the edge of the ski-boat and into the water . he turn on the flashlight and drop below the surface . ray ( eyeing Tom in water ) " at night we would go down to the river and into the river we would dive . " ( off Jim and mehlor 's look ) springsteen , " the River . " I be all out of bible quote . underwater Tom shine he light on ... the crypt one end of a rope be tie to the crypt . the other end , cut and fray , be suspend in the water , wave in the current . on the water Jim watch Tom 's light rise . Tom come up fast , take a breath . tom it 's go . jim what ? tom ( smug ) look like somebody beat you to it . ray oh for christ -- I be gonna shoot he , Jim . Ray grab pistol in he belt . before he can pull it out , hole puff out of he chest , follow by blood and then the sound of the rifle-shot . Ray tumble into the water . a half - second later there 's ... hail of bullet ripping into the ski-boat , water , tree , crypt . the sheriff' boat , wayne's boat be outside the fence , a hundred foot from the crypt . push in fast on ... the sheriff to the rescue . he and Wayne and phil fire they gun . tom duck underwater . jim pull he pistol , return fire . mr. mehlor open fire with a shotgun , shoot wild , yell . then he 's hit and knock out of the boat , dead . in the sheriff' boat karen stop ! you will hit Tom ! the sheriff stop shoot , yell at the other . sheriff hold you fire ! Wayne and phil stop shoot . by the crypt Tom be hold onto a coffin , out of view of the sheriff . he hear a rush of bubbles and turn as ... jim come to the surface , breathe deep . jim' gun come out of the water fast and the barrel go to Tom 's forehead . the sheriff' boat there 's a adrenal fire in the sheriff 's eye . he start he boat forward , Wayne follow . they light find ... jim' boat no sign of life . then there 's a sound and the light sweep over to find ... jim and tom climb up on top of the mostly - submerge crypt . Jim be behind Tom with he gun to Tom 's head . the sheriff stop he boat . Wayne stop , too . they be thirty yard from Jim and Tom . karen and tom a look pass between they . jim ( to sheriff ) now , sir , I can imagine you would love nothing more than to shoot I , but I caution you -- in order to do that , you be gonna have to shoot through young Tom here . the sheriff thinks for a second , then shrug . sheriff okay . he raise he rifle . karen realize what be about to happen . tom and jim also clue in , but before they can move ... the sheriff squeeze the trigger as ... karen Hit the gun with she arm . the rifle fire . tom be graze in the arm by the bullet . the sheriff smack Karen hard with he rifle and she tumble out of the boat , unconscious . tom and jim throw themselves back off the crypt as ... the sheriff and wayne empty they gun in they direction . jim returns fire , shoot blindly over the top of the crypt . phil reaches for Karen , float limp in the water , but ... wayne be closer . he grab Karen and pull she into he boat , then grin at phil . tom and jim be behind the crypt . Tom hold he bleed arm . Jim reload . tom well , that be unexpected . jim be he the one you think be come to you rescue ? no answer from Tom , but the answer be clear . with the sheriff and he men the sheriff and Wayne reload . hank ( o.s. ) anyone mind tell I what the hell be go on ? the sheriff , Wayne and phil turn to see ... hank in he boat , right behind they , all dress up in hunt gear , rifle at the ready . sheriff hey , hank . that money I tell you about ? from the armored car ? we be gonna keep it . Three million dollar . four way . ( shoot at crypt ) Seven fifty apiece . you okay with that ? hank be stunne . he do not answer . sheriff hank ? you okay with that ? hank Seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar ? ( beat , grin ) damn straight I be okay with that . wayne ( grumble , be : hank ) do not see what we need he for . sheriff then I guess you have never be hunt with hank . ( to hank ) we get two behind that crypt . get them . hank nod . he motion for Wayne to go one way ; he will go the other . they start off . a blind shot come from Jim behind the crypt . the sheriff shoot back . phil finally muster up the courage to say something . phil maybe I be not okay with it . sheriff come on now , phil . phil you be gonna kill people ? sheriff they be looter , phil ! they come and steal from a armored truck in we town -- they be looter . ( fire two shot ) phil what about Tom ? what about Karen ? they be not looter . sheriff no , they be witness . the sheriff fire off a flurry of bullet . tom and jim behind the crypt , bullet wing by . Jim look over , see ... hank motor into view . jim open fire . hank shoot back . tom flatten against the crypt , then turn to see ... wayne come into view on the other side . tom look at Jim , see he 's occupy in the fight with hank . then he see ... ray float in the water , dead , pistol still jamme in he pants . tom thinks , decide , and reach out for Ray . close on jim shoot at hank . he hear gunfire from Wayne and be about to swivel to shoot in that direction when he hear a gun fire from right next to he . he turn to see ... tom shoot back at Wayne with Ray 's gun . wayne pull back out of the line of fire . hank curse and pull back , too . tom and jim Exchange a look . the sheriff' boat phil how can you do this ? sheriff jeez , phil , I always think Wayne be the stupid one . read my lip . ( slowly ) Three million dollar . look at it ! the sheriff reach down into a forward storage area of the boat and pull back a tarp revealing the bag of money . sheriff a couple of that bag be gonna be yours , phil . phil but -- but -- you be the sheriff ! the sheriff rip he badge off and throw it away . sheriff I be the what ? tom and jim Jim look at Tom , then hand Tom he pistol . Tom do not know what Jim 's do . Jim slip beneath the water . hank whistles and get Wayne 's attention . he motion Wayne to try it again . the sheriff' boat phil for twenty year you have be -- sheriff for twenty year I have be eat shit , breakfast , lunch and dinner . well , tonight I be change the menu ! from now on everything I eat be gonna be shit-free ! behind the crypt Tom be look for Jim , to see what he 's do . and then ... wayne and hank come around on both side . tom start shoot at they with the two pistol . wayne and hank pull back . as they go ... tom see ... karen' arm draped over the side of Wayne 's boat . tom take another shot at hank but stop fire at Wayne . close on jim' ski - boat Jim 's hand appear over the gunwale . he reach in and grab ... mr. mehlor' pack and pull it out of the boat . the sheriff' boat sheriff can I make it any clearer , phil ? do you want I to draw picture ? phil pull out he revolver and point it at the sheriff . phil I can not let you do it . sheriff oh for -- ( beat ) okay , phil . but here 's how it 's gonna go . I be gonna hear one of two thing out of you . either I be gonna hear you say you be in with we , or ... ( move close to phil 's gun ) ... I be gonna hear a bullet come out of that gun and go into I . phil be incredulous . the sheriff weigh he hand like scale . sheriff ( one hand ) Seven hundred and fifty thousand dollar or ... ( other hand ) ... you kill I . you choice . the sheriff weigh the hand a couple more time . phil slump , lower the gun . sheriff there we go . something fly through the air ; land in the water by the sheriff . it 's ... mr. mehlor' pack and it start sink in the water . behind the crypt Tom see ... jim haul himself into the ski-boat . wayne ( o.s. ) in the boat ! the sheriff , wayne and hank start shoot at Jim in the ski-boat . jim stick the shotgun over the gunwale and return fire . tom start swim for the boat . the sheriff , wayne and hank see Tom and start shoot at both he and Jim when ... mr. mehlor' pack explode and ... the water erupt in a huge geyser . the sheriff , wayne , phil and hank be knock off they foot . the sheriff , phil and hank be throw into the water . they boat be rock up and back and swamp with fall water . jim fire up he engine . tom be almost to the boat . wayne get to he knee in he boat and start shoot . tom get to Jim 's boat and grab onto it . jim cranks the throttle , and , drag Tom , tear off under the hail of Wayne 's bullet . tom' Pov as Jim race through the tombstone , barely miss halfsubmerged stone cross and crypt roof . tom Rams into one cross . he hand start to slip from the boat . jim grab Tom 's hand and hold on as they shoot off across the water . the sheriff , phil and hank get back in the boat . ext . on the water - moving Jim haul Tom into the boat . Tom lay on the bottom , catch he breath . blood be drip down from he arm . tom ( beat , look up at Jim ) you really want that money ? Jim give Tom a look -- of course he want that money . tom ' Cause the only way you be ever gonna see it be if you help I get Karen . before Jim can answer , gunshot ring out behind they . they look back to see ... the sheriff and he men come after they in the three boat , shoot , close . tom we be too slow . jim ( think , then : ) here . Jim move away from the wheel , give it to Tom . Tom get up and take over . Jim bend and pick up ... kenny lifeless and limp . jim look at Kenny for a moment , then push he body overboard . with the sheriff and he men Flying over the water . there Pov they see a body tumble out of the ski-boat . with jim and tom Jim look back , follow Kenny with he eye . ext . MAIN STREET Jim and Tom make the turn onto Main Street . they look back as ... the sheriff and he men come around the corner , two hundred yard back . tom they be not go to catch we now . low angle of the ski-boat , racing toward camera . as it get closer , the camera boom down underwater to reveal ... the statue the sword tip just below the surface . the ski - boat there 's a jarring metal on metal clank as the sword tip slam into the propeller . jim and tom be throw forward . jim slam head - first into the dash . underwater the propeller have stop . tom look back to see that ... the outboard motor have almost be rip from its mooring . tom okay , so maybe they be gonna catch we now . no answer from Jim . Tom look down . jim be lay on the deck , unconscious . just then ... bam ! bam ! bam ! hank have he rifle rest on he boat 's windshield and be fire off a clip on automatic as he , Wayne and the sheriff close in . tom duck down and try to start the engine . no go . again . it catch on the third try . Tom gun it and the boat tear off . the outboard engine be wobble , vibrate . hank keeps up he stream of gunfire . tom stays down , drive blind , as the bullet fly in , blow hole in the windshield . he look at Jim , at the engine and curse . he steer the boat toward ... the church all light -up , brilliant white in the darkness , a quarter - mile away . ext . the church the water be now over the sandbag wall . the first several foot of the church be flood . the ski - boat come up fast . Tom grounds it on top of the sandbag wall . Tom hesitates for a half second before grab Jim and push he out of the boat and into the water . jim Hit the cold water and come to , sputtering . tom grab gun and ammo and jump out of the boat and into the water . he lay a rifle on the top of the sandbag wall and fire off a clip . the sheriff , hank and wayne Jim 's bullet plug into they boat . they circle back . at the church Tom push Jim , still groggy , into the flood church . int . church Tom shut the door . he pile the weapon on a shelf . he see Jim touch he head . tom that hurt ? jim yeah . tom good . ext . MAIN STREET Wayne and hank be alongside the sheriff , engine idling as they look at the church . sheriff ( nod , to hank ) then go get some bottle . hank nod , gun he engine . phil ( to hank ) wait -- what about the dam ? sheriff it will be fine . phil you say if it go it will wipe out the town . sheriff fuck the town . hank nod in agreement and take off . int . church Jim and Tom be by one of the stain glass window , look out through a pale- color pane at the sheriff and he man across the street . they watch hank race off . jim do he have the girl ? tom ( shake head ) she 's in the small boat . Tom touch the wound on he head . tom Jesus , I be gonna get hepatitis . jim hepatitis , hell . you probably already get cholera . Tom give Jim a look then start for the back of the church . jim what be you do ? tom there 's a back room . ( touch wound ) maybe they have get something I can use on this . jim you be in here before ? tom ( bad memory ) oh , yeah . jim what happen ? tom I see Jesus . ext . dam Water be start to go over the top again . it pour down in sheet over the face of the dam . int . church Jim be by the window , look out at the sheriff and Wayne across the street in the shadow . he turn as ... tom enter from the back . he 's get a bottle of rub alcohol and a towel . he splashes some of the alcohol on the towel , then touch it to he wound . it hurt like a sonofabitch . after a beat ... tom so , have this all go pretty much how you think it would ? Jim turn on Tom . jim everything would have go fine if you would have just walk away from the truck . tom oh , yeah ? well , everything would have go even better if you have not decide to rob the damn truck in the first place ! Jim look away . after another silence ... tom do Charlie have cancer or something ? jim you mean why be he do this ? ( think , shrug ) no cancer . ( beat ) do not you ever think about take the money ? tom no . jim come now . a man who use to make he live fencing hot jackhammer never think about what he would do with three million dollar ? tom sorry to disappoint you . ( beat ) what be you gonna do with it ? jim as little as possible . silence for a few moment , then ... tom belize . Jim look at he . tom it 's this small country in Central America , on the Atlantic side . jim I know where belize be . what about it ? tom they speak English and the dollar go a long way . beautiful beach ; friendly people . and they have get liberal banking law . very liberal . jim no , you do not think about take that money at all . tom ( bust ) you can not ride in the truck and not think about it . jim I be sure . and I guess that 's pretty much how it start with Charlie . Tom think , nod and press the towel to he wound again . ext . MAIN STREET Wayne be think about something . he make a decision and flick on he engine . sheriff what be you do ? wayne we get too many body with bullet in them . ( nod at Karen ) I be gonna put she in she house , make it look like she fall down the stair and drown . phil do not you touch she ! wayne save she life ... hmm ... you know , that might have actually get you laid . sheriff oh , for christsake , just dump she here . wayne we get a few minute before hank get back . sheriff just dump she here ! Wayne ignore the sheriff and motor off . sheriff Wayne ! goddamnit , we have gotta get they outta there ! Wayne ! but Wayne keep go . int . church Tom watch Wayne drive off with Karen . tom shit . where 's he go ? Tom grab a rifle , frustrated and angry . ext . MAIN STREET hank motor up to the sheriff and phil . hank where 's Wayne go ? sheriff on a date . you all set ? hank yeah , but -- sheriff then let 's go . hank be not we gonna wait for Wayne ? sheriff we can get start without he , the dumb shit . he will not be long . besides , we get phil . phil 's gonna earn he money on this , be not you phil ? phil look scared shitless . ext . reservoir dam Water continue to pour over the top . close on concrete chunks of cement be start to wash away . int . church Tom finish reloading a gun . jim what -- you be gonna swim after she ? Tom do not answer . he move toward the front door . Jim cut he off . jim you be not gonna help she by get shot . he 's go and you do not know where . tom the sheriff know . I think maybe I will go ask he . jim you will be dead before you get over the sandbag . ( beat ) look , he will be come for we . you can ask he then . Jim see something out the window . tom what if he do not come ? jim I would not worry about that . Tom see what Jim see . there Pov the sheriff , phil and hank be head toward the church , flame molotov cocktail in they hand . ext . side of church the sheriff , phil and hank heave the flame molotov cocktail . the roof the bottle hit , explode . sheet of fire rain down the roof . one bottle smash through a window . int . church Tom and Jim duck down as ... the bottle fly across the inside of the church and smashes against a wall , send sheet of fire down the wall . ext . church the roof be on fire . ext . karen' house modest , two -story , on a side street . the front door be open ; the boat tie up outside . there 's a light on in the front hall . int . karen' house Karen be unconscious . Wayne have she lay on the stair lead up from the entry area to the second floor . there 's three foot of water in the house . Karen 's leg be in the water . her hand be handcuff to a railing attach to the wall , run up the stair . Wayne stand over Karen , pat she face . wayne wakey -wakey . Karen stir , then start slip back into unconsciousness , so Wayne splashes she face with water . Karen come to , sputtering . her eye focus . she look up at Wayne . Wayne grin . wayne dear penthouse : I always think you letter be fake , until the wildest thing happen to I . I be a policeman in a small town . in the middle of the big flood last year , I be patrol the street in a boat , feel kind of sorry for myself -- ' cause it be my birthday and all -- when I see the front door to a house be open . I pull my gun -- afraid it might be looter . imagine my surprise when , instead of a looter , I find a young woman handcuff to the railing of she stair . her name be Karen , and ever since she come back from college she would make it clear she be too good for any of we local folk . now here she be , in handcuffs ! I say , " what the heck be go on here , mar 'am ? " and she say ... Karen say nothing . Wayne lean in close . wayne and she say ... karen sorry , Wayne , but I be not play a part in you sick little play . Wayne pull he gun , put it to Karen 's head . wayne you be perfect for the role . I suggest you reconsider . karen or what ? you will kill I ? you be gonna do that anyway . wayne I might get clumsy . it might take a while . karen I be sure you can hurt I . but it 's all go to be the same when I be dead . Wayne straighten up , look at she , then launch back into it . wayne and she say , " happy birthday , Wayne . I have get something for you . " well , I be not stupid . I know what she want to give I and I know she want to give it bad , so I -- the overhead light spark and go out . wayne ( look up at light ) that will not do . man 's gotta see what he 's do . ' scuse I . Wayne head off for the kitchen . the second he 's go ... karen raise she hip and dig a hand into she pocket and pull out she swiss Army knife . she pries open the big blade . she hear Wayne sloshing back toward she . she get back into the position Wayne leave she in as ... wayne re-enter carry two burn candle in candle-holder . wayne I get the candle . all 's we need be a cake . he set the candle down on a dry step above Karen 's head . he lean in close . wayne mood lighting . you in the mood yet ? ( no answer from Karen ; back into penthouse letter ) and then she say , " my present 's ready and wait . all 's you gotta do be unwrap it . " Wayne reach into the water , undoe Karen 's rain pants , yank off she shoe , then pull off she pants . he throw they over the banister . Karen remain passive , blank . Wayne take off he holster ; hang it on the banister . then he push he pants down to he ankle . his shirttail be long enough so that we do not have to see he wretch little pecker . he climb on top of Karen in the water , bring he face close to hers . wayne it be cold and rainy that birthday night , and all I want be to get someplace warm and dry . as it turn out , what I really want be something warm and wet . Wayne grin and close for a kiss and ... karen' hand move fast with the knife and ... wayne's eye pop open wide . wayne his head jerk back . he try to shout , but all that come out be a awful gurgle . he try to push off Karen , but ... karen wrap she leg around he , hold he close , pin he . wayne finally break free . he try to stop the bleed with a hand , but the blood spurt through he finger . he reach for he gun in he holster on the banister , but just as he grab it ... karen lashes out of the water with she leg , kick Wayne in the groin , push he back . wayne tries to get he balance , but he foot can not move -- he pants be around he ankle . he fall back into the water , fire he pistol . bullet blow chunks out of the wall next to Karen , hit the ceiling and ... wayne be float on he back , try to lift the pistol , but he strength be fade fast . he get off one last shot and ... the candle nearest Karen be blow to piece . wayne the gun drop into the water . no more shot . no more life . he float , pants around he ankle , cover in blood , dead . karen happy birthday , Wayne . ext . STREET and church the church roof be on fire . the sheriff , phil and hank be across the street . int . church Jim and Tom hear a creak and look up . the ceiling the fire have eat hole in the roof . ember come down . ext . church and STREET the sheriff be get very agitate . sheriff they be not come out , hank ! hank the fire 's not catch . the rain 's too -- sheriff we have to get they ! we have to kill they ! do you understand ? if they be not dead , we get jack shit ! int . church a small chunk of burn ceiling drop down . Jim and Tom look up . just then ... bright light flood into the church through ... the stained glass window fill the church with a kaleidoscope of color . tom and jim look out the window . tom my God they be beautiful . the stained glass window remain beautiful for a few more second until they shatter and blow inwards as ... the sheriff' boat and hank's boat come crash through . the boat land , stop fast . the sheriff 's boat land closer to the pulpit ; hank 's boat closer to the balcony . the sheriff , hank and phil look around . it 's quiet for a moment . there 's no sign of Tom and Jim . int . karen' house Karen have she pants back on . she reach out with one foot and hook Wayne 's holster off the banister . she flip it through the air and catch it with she hand . she open little leather pocket -- mace , more bullet . no key . Karen start to panic . karen there have to be key . there -- she see ... wayne still float on he back , still dead . she look closer at ... wayne's pant bunched around he ankle . and there , hang from a belt - loop be a ring of key . karen reaches out with she foot for Wayne 's pants . she can not reach . wayne be slowly drift out the open door . Beyond the door , in the light of the streetlamp , the water be riffling , move , and Wayne be head toward it . karen slide down further on the stair , into the water , then stop . close on handcuff and railing there be metal support go from the railing to the wall , every three foot . Karen be prevent from go any further down the stair by one of this support . karen reaches out with a foot , strain , stretch she body , almost dislocate she shoulder and ... her foot just barely touch one of Wayne 's foot , but then Wayne 's foot slip away and ... karen can only watch as ... wayne drift out the door and be pull away by the current . ext . reservoir dam Water be cascade over the top of the dam . chunks of concrete be wash away . int . church the sheriff , phil and Wayne scan the water , look for movement . sheriff where be they ?! Jesus ! underwater Pov look up through a tangle of float pews at the waver silhouettes of the boat and the man in they against the burn timber above . two pistol come into view , point up through the water . on the water the sheriff , phil and hank have let down they guard for a second when there 's a series of dull , mute clack from underwater as ... bullet come streaking out of the water , wing by they , plugging into the boat . underwater Jim fire the pistol , the bullet ' bubble streak knife up through the water . the sheriff , phil and hank hit the deck in they boat , return fire over the gunwale . tom surface over by the stair up to the balcony , gasp for air . he run for the stair . blazing timber start to fall from the burn roof frame , hit the water with loud sizzling hiss . the sheriff , phil and hank turn to shoot at tom through the drop flame debris . tom disappear up the stair , the bullet just miss he . underwater Jim run out of bullet . he 's long since run out of air . he drop he gun and swim under the pews . hank look up , realize that Tom will be able to shoot down on he . he reverse he boat fast under the balcony as ... tom shoot down from the balcony , blow a chunk out of the prow of hank 's boat . int . karen' house the water be up to Karen 's chin . her hand be work frantically beneath the water . underwater she 's use the tip of the knife blade to unscrew the screw hold the support to the railing . she 's on the last one . the blade slip , miss , get a quarter turn , another quarter turn ... karen spit out the water that spill into she mouth . underwater another quarter - turn and the screw be loose enough to turn by hand . karen hold she breath with the water touch she nose . she get the screw loose , pull up on the railing and pull the handcuff through the gap between the support and the railing . int . church the sheriff turn to phil and nod be : Jim . sheriff you take care of he ! the sheriff aim at the balcony as phil scan the water , look for Jim . underwater Jim pull a electrical cord out of a wall socket . on the balcony Tom duck down as the sheriff 's bullet start plugging through the wood front of the balcony . Tom move away from the bullet strike , splash through the water in the balcony . close on balcony floor as bang bang bang -- bullet start shoot up from below . hank be fire up at Tom through the floor of the balcony . tom jump back , startle , look down at ... the balcony floor hole explode in the floor , send up small geyser of water . the water then start whirlpool down through the hole . tom move back from hank 's advance bullet hole . the sheriff keeps fire . tom be catch between hank 's bullet and the sheriff 's bullet . so he rack a load in the shotgun and dive backwards off the balcony . hank be still shoot up as ... tom arc off the balcony , fire the shotgun under the balcony at hank . hank dive to the floor of he boat as Tom 's shotgun blast blow plate-size hole in the church door . tom land in the water and go under . the sheriff and phil look for Tom in the water . hank start to get up from the bottom of he boat , search for a clip for he gun . the sheriff see Tom 's shape in the water and be about to shoot when ... jim jump up out of the water with the electrical cord . he toss a loop of the cord around the sheriff 's neck and pull , yanking the sheriff out of the boat . tom come out of the water , aim he shotgun at ... phil who be aim he pistol at Tom . phil freeze . the sheriff and jim struggle in the water . Jim pull the cord tightly around the sheriff 's neck as the sheriff try to get a shot off at Jim -- he can not get the barrel point at Jim . hank fumble with the bullet clip . hank ( to phil ) kill he ! tom turn he shotgun on hank and pull the trigger -- click . uh - oh . hank kill he ! tom and phil Exchange a look . hank slam the clip into he gun and level it at Tom . phil point he gun at hank . phil no ! we can not -- bang ! and hank shoot phil . phil pitch back out of the sheriff 's boat . phil land between Jim and the sheriff , knock they apart . the sheriff be free of Jim 's grasp . he shake off the electrical cord and turn to shoot ... jim who move a little faster . he grab phil 's pistol and put it to the sheriff 's head before the sheriff can bring he gun around . hank draw a bead on Jim and be about to shoot when ... tom come out of the water on the other side of hank 's boat . Tom push down hard on the side of the boat . hank be rock back , throw off balance . he start to spin and bring he gun around when ... tom swing with the shotgun , catch ... hank in the side of the head . hank crumple and fall into the water , take he rifle with he . jim and the sheriff Jim nod at the sheriff 's rifle . jim in the boat . the sheriff hesitates , then toss he rifle into the boat . tom grab hank 's rifle and aim it at the sheriff . tom where 's Karen ? int . karen' house Karen undoe a last screw in a metal support . she pull the handcuff through the gap between the support and railing . she 's at the top of the stair . the end of the railing curve and go into the wall . karen tug at the railing , try rock it up and down . it do not budge . she start chipping at the plaster with the knife . karen God , I be really beginning to hate fine craftsmanship . the water it 's up to she chest . int . church the sheriff hesitates . tom where be she ? sheriff they go back to she house . tom where 's she house ? sheriff it 's -- and just then they all hear something truly ominous -- a siren pierce the night . int . karen' house she react to the siren -- uh -oh . int . church the siren wail . jim what in God 's name be that ? sheriff hank ? hank ( woozy but okay ) it 's top out . sheriff how much time we get ? hank how should I know ? sheriff guess ! hank it 's a old dam ! not long . sheriff ( to Tom ) then I would say you boy better drop you gun . tom what ? sheriff that 's the deal ! you let I and hank go -- with a few of this bag -- and I will tell you where to find Karen . jim ( to the sheriff ) get out of the boat . tom hold on . Jim turn to look at Tom . jim hold on ? sheriff it 's the only way you be gonna find she ! tom it 's only a couple of bag . jim no. tom but I think -- jim look , I do not know what you think but I tell you , I be here for the money ; that 's all . Tom do not know what to do . the sheriff look pretty pleased with himself . he might just get out of this . and then ... phil ( o.s. ) she life on boyd Street . they all look over at ... phil alive , but barely . phil Three over . two -story , blue shutter . tom look at Jim , disappointed , angry , then hurry to hank 's boat . jim climb into the sheriff 's boat . tom climb into hank 's boat . he start the engine , look down at ... phil float in the water , die . a brief look between they , then ... tom drive the boat out through a shattered window . jim pushes the sheriff out of the boat . ext . reservoir dam a large V be be cut in the top of the dam by the raging water . a quarter-mile away look back at the dam . the line of light on top of the dam start to fall over , then go dark , snuffed out by a unseen force . int . church Jim keep he gun levele at the sheriff and hank , stand in the water , as he pull the money bag up from the forward hold . sheriff so , you just gonna kill I ? jim Lord know I should . Jim open a money bag and smile at what he see . int . karen' house Karen tilt she head back to keep she lip and nose above water . and then she hear a window smash . she turn as ... tom wade in along the upper hall . tom I be guess you can not get up . karen I be handcuff . Tom reach into the water for the railing . karen the railing 's bolt to the wall . he look at she . karen I have get a see . tom where ? karen in the kitchen . in the tall cupboard beside the -- and then they hear a sound more ominous than the siren -- they hear the siren stop . tom be that good or bad ? int . church Jim , the sheriff and hank react to the silence . Jim look off . the sheriff drop underwater . jim turn back at the sound of the sheriff go under . underwater the sheriff pull up he pant leg . jim be aim he gun at the water and be about to fire as ... the sheriff' hand come out of the water shoot a pistol . jim be shot in the gut and the thigh and high on the chest and he stumble back , bellow , and fall out of the sheriff 's boat and into the water . sheriff you should have just kill I . int . karen' house karen you gotta go ! Tom start hyperventilate . karen the dam 's go ! you gotta go ! tom ( shake head ) I owe you one . Tom breathes deep then duck underwater . underwater Tom flick on he flashlight and start swim down the stair . karen watch Tom and he light get swallow up in the murky water . int . church phil be grab for the sheriff 's boat as the sheriff and hank zoom out of the church , leave he behind . phil noooo ! ext . MAIN STREET the sheriff 's boat come onto Main Street , move fast . in the boat hank be look back , in the direction the flood will come . hank we gotta go faster ! sheriff yeah , you be right . the sheriff push hank out of the boat . hank go skip over the water and slam into a streetlight post . int . karen' house Tom swim down into the live room . his light show a couch , chair , tv set . book and newspaper be suspend in the water . ext . the church the damage ski-boat that Jim and Tom take to the church have slip off the sandbag wall and be drift . a peaceful scene . but then , from the distance , come a rush roar . int . church phil hear the roar . he look around , lose . ext . STREET hank , groggy in the water , also hear the distant roar . int . church the roar be building , get louder . phil see something in the water and reach for it , frantically . he get it . it 's ... a bible and he clutches it to he chest as ... the flood Hit the church . int . karen' house - kitchen Tom swim into the kitchen . he look for the tall cupboard by the fridge . he open it . inside the cupboard hanging on a hook on the back wall be a see . Tom grab it . ext . MAIN STREET hank unwrap himself from around the lamp post . he look back . he Pov streetlight in the distance , winking out one by one , mark the advance of the wall of water . hank oh my God . hank look around for safety . he see it . he Pov there 's a alleyway . hank swim for the alley . ext . the advancing flood roar through the town , push a roll wave of debris , obliterate anything in its path . ext . alley hank swim into the alley . hank look for something to climb up on , to hold onto . there 's ... FIRE escape ladder at the end of the alley . hank swim for it . he hear the rush roar of the advance flood . he expect the flood to blow by the end of the alley . wrong . wall of water come into the alley , banking high on the far wall before come down and barrel toward hank . and what make it worse for hank be that there 's ... a car at the front of the wave , be push by the water . hank dive clear just as ... the car smash into the wall , right where hank have just be . hank relief in he eye . he get to the fire escape and be climb to safety when ... propane tank come into the alley , roll in the flood , spraying propane from a tear hose . it explode . hank barely have time to scream . int . karen' kitchen - break of dawn Tom be thread he belt through the handle of the see to secure it . he get it do and start to swim out of the kitchen . back to karen just Karen 's lip and nose be above water . in the kitchen Tom be about to leave when everything start to move -- rock , from side to side , as if in a slow motion earthquake . cupboard and the fridge open and bottle and food and plate tumble out . ext . karen' house the house have be hit by the flood . it 's be pull by the massive current , stretch overhead phone and power line . int . karen' house Karen hear the groan , rip as the house tear free from water and sewer line . she 's look down for Tom when there 's a snap and the light above she go out . ext . karen' house the house be carry on the current , turn in the water . in the kitchen Tom watch , astound , as the room start to turn around he . he kick fast for the door to ... the live room Tom swim in , fast , toward the stair when ... a window cave in and ... huge tree branch smash in , fill the room , block Tom 's route to the stair . tom tries to get through the tangle of branch and leave , but can not . he swim over to another window and slide it up . karen keeps look down for Tom . ext . karen' house the house be impale on a tree , the current sluice around it . tom surface near the side of the house , gasp . the current start rip he past the house . he swim as hard as he can back to the house , reach out and grab onto a gutter . int . karen' house Karen do not have much time leave . the water be wash over she mouth and nose . and just as she 's about to go under ... tom swim in with the see . he start saw on the handrail . everything 's go fine . and then ... the sawblade snap . tom and karen look at each other . oh no . Karen 's go under . tom see something . he dive into the water . karen can only watch and wait . what 's he do ? oh , Jesus . and then ... tom surface , hold Wayne 's pistol . he put the mouth of the barrel to the handcuff chain , shield Karen 's face , look away and pull the trigger . ext . a tree in water the water swirl through the branch of a half - submerge tree . henry and doreen be in the tree . Henry be either unconscious or dead . doreen cradle he . doreen come on , Henry . forget that " go to the light " crap . come back to I . you be all I have get . and Henry start to come to . doreen oh , Henry . thank god. Henry open he eye . henry next time , when I say " let 's evacuate , " we be gonna evacuate . doreen whatever you say , honey . she hug he tight and after a beat he hug she back . ext . karen' house Tom and Karen swim out of a second floor window , grab the rain gutter . Tom pull himself onto the roof then grab Karen and help she up . they crawl until they be clear of the edge . only the slope roof of the house be visible in the swirl water . they be just catch they breath when they be hit by ... bright white light and they look to see ... the sheriff in he boat , shine a searchlight on they with one hand , a gun in the other . he start shoot . tom and karen Tom push Karen toward the peak of the roof as the bullet plug in around they . Tom push Karen over the top then turn and dive off the roof and into the water . karen hear a engine behind she and turn . a boat Racing toward the house . it 's ... the ski - boat and at the control be ... jim barely alive . the outboard motor be wobble , vibrate at the back of the boat , almost loose from its mooring . jim' Pov he see Karen , crouch below the peak of the house , a bright light come from the other side along with gunshot . jim pushes the throttle all the way forward . the ski - boat shoot forward . underwater Tom swim hard toward the sheriff 's boat . the sheriff be shoot down into the water at Tom 's move shape . the ski - boat with Jim at the wheel , come racing straight toward the house . karen thinks he 's go to turn . karen no! no ! the ski - boat do not turn . karen roll to the side , just get clear as ... the ski - boat Hit the sloping roof of Karen 's house and ramp up it . the outboard motor dig into the shingles of the roof and tear free from the back of the boat . the sheriff hear the sound and look up as ... the ski - boat come over the peak of the roof . tom surface to see ... the ski - boat fly right over he , head straight for ... the sheriff who duck down , just in time as ... the ski - boat miss he , landing just past he in the water . the sheriff straighten up , grin with glee that the boat miss he . and then he hear a pierce whine come from behind he . he turn , just in time to see ... the outboard motor flip end over end , propeller whirring , head straight for he . the sheriff start to scream . close on karen look over the peak of the roof in horror . she hear the sheriff 's scream and the scream of the propeller and then a horrible ugly rip and both scream stop . the sheriff' boat the sheriff be go . the side have be smashed out of the boat and the boat be flooding with water . the sheriff be just some misshapen thing trail red , float in the water . jim tries to restart the ski-boat but it 's dead . he slump forward . tom see Jim slump against the side of the boat . tom you okay ? jim Fine . Tom can tell Jim 's anything but . Tom swim for the boat . the boat Tom swim up , pull himself in . he pull Jim back off the control , see the blood . tom oh , God . we gotta get you to -- Jim look at Tom . Tom understand -- Jim 's not go anywhere . tom thanks . jim for what ? tom you just save we life . jim I do ? I just come for the money . Tom look at Jim -- he know Jim 's lie . karen ( o.s. ) do you need any help ? jim ( grab Tom 's arm ) no . tell she to stay back . tom ( to Karen ) it 's okay ! Jim let go of Tom . jim you be go to turn it in ? tom sorry to disappoint you . jim well , hell , then I guess I better take it after all . I figure the river will carry I down to the Gulf of Mexico . if I catch the right current , maybe I will end up in ... belize ? ( Tom nod ) you come look I up . I will buy you a drink . tom I will do that . Jim grimace as he 's hit by a wave of pain . he look away . jim go. Tom hesitates for a second . jim please . Tom turn and slide into the water and swim away . jim Son , do not think too badly of you uncle Charlie . he always say you be capable of remarkable thing . ( beat ) he be right . there 's a last look between Jim and Tom , then Tom swim away . jim ( smile ) the rain 's stop . ( breathes deep ) the air after a rain ... Jim slowly topple forward and be still . tom swim through the swirl current toward Karen 's roof . jim' boat sink below the surface and be go . tom and karen Karen be down at the water 's edge with she arm extend to Tom . Tom grab it , and as Karen pull ... match CUT to : ext . church - sunset Karen pull Tom up onto scaffold run along the edge of the new roof under construction . Tom hold a paper bag . he 's wear work gear -- tool belt , work boot , etc . Tom look at the work be do on the roof . tom they get a lot do today . karen it 's come along . ( be : bag ) what would you get ? tom barbecue chicken from lilly 's . karen yum . tom you want some ? I wish you would tell I . I woulda get more . karen ha ha . and as they sit down and start to eat , the camera begin to pull back . tom I talk to mikey . he say the flooring should be in by Friday . karen that 's what he say last week . tom I say if it be not here by Friday at six that you be go to go over and beat the crap out of he . karen and I will . fade out : the end