har : nig : by eddie murphy eddie murphy production , 5555 melrose avenue do mille 200 los angele , CA 90038 revised a/o JUNE 16 , 1989 inc . establishing shot exterior - night Pan down from clock on side of bank . the clock read 4:00 am a young boy wear a applejack hat and knicker be run down the sidewalk carry a paper bag . the street be wet and empty . he turn up a alley and midway through knock on a door . we see the peep hole open . a eye look straight out and squint with bewilderment , then look down and see the young boy . the peep hole shut and the door open . the boy walk in and look up at a huge black man who 's look down at he with a unpleasant scowl . boy I get Mr. Raymond 's cigarettes . man ( a beat ) go on in back . CUT to int - dark hallway - night argue . a overweight hooker sit on a stool chew gum and stare at the boy . a drunk man be asleep and snore quite loudly in the corner . despite the surroundings , there 's more of a look of amazement than} fear in the boy' eye . he pusn aside the makeshift feel culrtain at the end of the hall and walk into a small , smake - flill room . the boy make he way thooke the dark where some man pass by int - SMALL room - night huddle around a small crapj table beneath a sign that read " ray' place " , be six man jgambling intensely . one of the man be ray . he notice the| kid . ray c'mon in and jgive I my cigarettes toothless black gambler what the hell ) that little boy do in here ? get the hell outta here boy , ' fore I whip |yo ' ass ! ray he 's alright . he run errand for I . 3 continued : the other gambler grumble . I do not give a I do not want n when I be shoot outta here , ‘f I say he 's ok pass the dice motherfucker , I be not passin my dice and I no kid in the bad luck . ih fucker . get boy , ' fore I with oothless lack gambler jdamn who he be ! qd kid around I ing . get the hell be I whip yo ' ass ! '' ) * of * now , shoot or threa - tooth Son go ray oe y- ou toothless shit . this be i not shoot with room . kid gimme eat they mother - fhe hell outta here ip yo ' ass , a series of " C 'mon man , '' " to be not get ail night , motherfucker , " etc .. shake dice . shake dice . shoot dice . shoot man , or to hell with j crap out . C and wait all nj money shot . c'mon man ! sh oh , I be gonna everybody in fucker home . t ray fieave . toothless t . I better not on six . I be ght . this be the gambler oot ‘em ! toothless shoat ‘em and send he raggedy mother - 1 b stand up six ! 's | toothless ee oe 3 continued : close on dice we see the dice rol ] up seven . the man have crap out . the other gambler cheer . tqothless be livid . oothless goddammit ! I tell you kid bring I bad luck . hit . why you get that kid in hewe , man ? hay '' this be my plage . I have whoever I want in here now pay up brother . toothless Hell no ! I be not pay nothing . I be shoot again and you puttin ' that boy out . pay look . you shot and you lose . now pay up and put / up another bet or pass the dice and go home and brush you tooth . all at once , the big gootnrer gambler grab ray and pull he over the table and put knife to he throat . jtoothless alright . motherfucker ! I tell you kid give I bad luck , but you do not want to| listen . now you get to pay I my mpney , plus all you make tonight , you smooth - talkin ' son-of - a- bitch ) , we see ray be hand reach under the table , but the man be hold he too tight and ) he can not reach '' the gun " he keep stick under the tablle in case of shit like this . ( the boy see the gun and know the deal . ) oothless now you tell that old dude over there to go in the tack and bring I out J all the money jor I be stickin ' you , for >» he , and this " ittle bad luck mother - fucker here . 3 continued : still reach for gun . [ ray well , you gonna have to stick we man , ' cause I be not give you shit . he feel the edge of the mechanism that hold the gun up , think he 's within reach . | iray but , before yau stick I , I wanna tell you something . | his hand be grop for the / jgun that 's not there . he get a confuse look in he eye , toothless yeah , what 's that . we hear the sound of a bangjand a bullet hole appear in the middle of toothless 's forehead , who 's face be right next to ray be . he stare , in shock , at the person who shot he . we see the young boy stand there , gun in hand , still smoking . toothless fall tp the floor . ray be in shock as well . ray I guess he do have bad luck with kid . ray call to the old man inf the corner . ray bennie , get tid of this guy for I . and|clean up this place , okay . bennie nod yes . he 's stare at the kid as well . | ray okay guy . let 's call it a night . I gotta get this kid outta here . ray take the gun out of the boy 's hand and start to head he out . 3 revise a /o March 30 , 1989 5 . continued : i boy that man be go to stab we , so I shot he . ray yes . I see now we gotta take you to you mother . boy my momma 's dead . ray well then , we will ! go to you father . boy my father 's dead ! too . ray +++. do you kill ) ‘em ? boy no . they just dead . * ay well , where do ypu live ? hoy I do not live nowhere . a beat . | ray rag ! gi gs well , you can stay at my place . ' till we figure gut what to do tant gicaeg with you . bola cyron read - twenty year later we hear the sound of big band music . cur to , | int - club sugar ray 's - 1938 - night 4 a glitter , fancy sign that read club sugar ray 's . the shot widen to show that we be now in the ritziest , fanciest club in harlem . it 's 1938 and harlem be alive . sugar Hill it 's call , and club sugar ray 's be the premier after-hour club . booze , gambling , entertainment , prostitution - you want it - sugar ray 's have it . tonight , like every other ( continued ) continued : night , the place be pack . " the joint be jumpin' . " the place reek of class . Black tie and gowns . the band be cooking and the dance floor be pack . we see ray sit at a table with quick , who 's grow now . it 's he 27th birthday . this guy be on top of the world . the band stap and the people applaud . ray ( stand ) beautiful . beautiful . you have be listen to the King Blue orchestra , the best band in sugar Hill . let 's give they another round of applause . everyone applaud . ray raising he glass . and I would like to propose a birthday . toast to my son . well , he be not my son , but I raise the motherfucker and he 's mine . scatter laughter . ray happy birthday , Quick . I love you . they sip they champagne . ray and in honor of my son 's birthday and because I love all of y'all and appreciate you business , the bar be open . everyone applaud loudly and the band kick back in . ray make he way over to quick be side of the table , sit down and hug he . quick sugar , why no you open the bar up ? a 5 4 continued : ray ' Cause I feel great tonight . I mean look at we place . it 's beautiful . everything be beautiful , plus I 'ma little drunk . I feel like give . I wanna give . everyone have give we so much . tf wanna give something back . quick yeah . well , why do not you give everybody a piece of cake or something , ' cause this nigger be gonna get drunk and before the night 's out , I '' gonna have to give somebody a foot in they ass . and besides , nobody give we nothing , this be business . we provide a service and they pay . sound like we even to I . ray well , they do not have to come here . we be not the only after - hour place in harlem . or a man come over and whisper in ray' ear , ray look around ray where ? the man point . CUT to - entrance two huge Black man and the most beautiful mulatto woman ever ray look like the competition come by to check we out . that 's Tommy small . he run the pitty Pat Club . quick I know that 's small , but who 's the girl ? she 's a bad motherfucker ! 5 5 continued : ray that lady happen to be the mistress of a big-time mobster by the name of bugsy calitoune . quick ( in shock ) that 's calhoune 's girl ? I hear about she . what a waste . that big , fat , greasy , stink , sweaty , cigar - puffing , bloat , fat pig crawis in bed with that ?! that 's a damn shame . ray check ‘em out . fix he tie . quick right . ray and Quick , she 's dangerous . do not mess around . quick okay . I be just gonma check ‘em out . ray Quick ! quick alright ! quick walk up to the trio , stare right into the eye of the woman . quick can I be of some assistance ? small no , not at all Mr. Quick . just enjoy the night out . quick you boy be not open tonight ? will 5 continued : small oh yeah . we be open . we just want a change of atmosphere . surely you understand . quick oh , surely . to woman . Excuse I , we have not be introduce . my name be Quick . woman my name be Dominique larue , Mr. Quick . charme to make you acquaintance . quick larue . be you french ? dominique creole . bear and raise in Louisiana . quick be that right ... ray enter frame . he interrupt . ray Mr. small , how be you ? they shake hand . ray hello man . how be you ? can I get you a table ? ray call to willie . ray Willie . can you get this nice people a table ? they leave with willie . .o 10 . 5 continued : 5 ray I tell you not to mess with she , man . that 's bugsy calhoune 's woman . you try to get we kill in here . quick I just say no ! ray well , hello be too much . they would not even be in here unless something be up . keep a eye on ‘em . a woman employee walk up . woman Ray , you better go to the crap table . a lot of people be complain about bennie . ray what 's the problem ? I get he he glass yesterday . woman he will not wear them . say he do not need they . CUT to crap table . bennie " snake eye " wilson , the same bennie 6 from the early day , be the head croupier . he 's about 80 year old now and do not see very well . the dice roll . bennie that 's a five . ano field five . five be the point . people around the table in unison . people that be a eight man ! c'mon ! shit ! 6 continued : close on dice the dice roll ray walk up . bennie qh yes , eight . that be a eight . my mistake . eight. eight. eight . eight be the point . up a four . bennie yo , eleven . eleven . eleven . people that be a four ! blind mother ... damn ! c'mon ! bennie oh , I beg you pardon . 1 mean to say four . four. four. four. ray bennie , how 's it go ? Willie , take over for a second . bennie good. good . it 's go good . ray yeah . well , we have be get some complaint about how you callin ' ‘em . bennie that 's just they sucker that lose they money . I '' bennie '' snake Eye " Wilson . I can call ‘em before they finish rallin' . I be doin’ this shit for forty year . ray I know snake Eye . but do I a favor , please , and put on you glass . bennie I do not need no damn glass . revise a /o March 30 , 1989 continued : ray I know . I know . but just do it for I ... please . snake eye give in . bennie okay . but I do not need ‘em . bennie put on he glass . they be at least three inch thick . ray thanks , bennie . bennie I do not feel no different . cur to int - bugsy calhoune 's apartment - liight a highrise apartment with a magnificent view of Manhattan . bugsy calhoune , the head of the Manhattan chapter of the underworld , be play chess with he ever- silent assistant , joseph leoni . one of calhoune 's many employee , tony , be also in the room . tony I tell you , it just do not make sense . calhoune concentrate on the game as he sneak to tony . he move one of he piece . check ... what 's that tony ? what do not make sense ? tony Business be not that great , but the last couple of week the crowd do not seem no less . but we be not clear what we use to . ( continued ) 7 continued : 7 calhoune ( look at game ) it make a lot of sense . small be skim off the top . tony Tommy do not have the ball to do something like that , bug . calhoune ( still watch game ) do not underestimate Tommy . he 's get huge ball , big fuckin’ ball . but he 's stupid . I be watch he for the last month . he 's do a lot of petty and stupid thing . all toll , he beat I for about five grand last month . tony bug , be you sure ? I be tell you , small would not do that . I hand pick he myself . calhoune ( still watch the game ) yeah , well you make a mistake on he ... big mistake . and you hand pick he , huh ? I guess that kinda make you respansible . cu on tony be face . there 's a worried look on it . calhoune ( still look at the chess game ) now , tell I about this sugar ray' . tony he 's move about ten to fifteen a week , 7 continued : ( look at ch ( look up of ( start to 1 ( get up ) ( walk over ) i calhoune do he run it alone ? tony no , he son run it with he . his name be uhm , uh ... Quick . tony he 's the one who kinda take care of the muscle part of the business . he 's suppose to be pretty smart . he 's get a big mouth and he 's really fast to fight , which usually result in somebody get shot . calhoune ess game ) checkmate . be the first time . ) be that right ? well listen , have cantone pay Mr. sugar Ray a visit and kinda feel he out . we be gonna have to get rid of he establish - ment . it 's hurtin’ my business . tony it 's do . i'1lt call cantone right now . eave ) calhoune wait a minute ... now about this Tommy small thing . you do bring he to I , so that make the money I tost kinda you fault . now do not get I wrong ; it be only five grand . to a huge grand piano . ) ( continue ) 7 } continued : 7 calhoune ( cont would . ) but it coulda be worse . and it all woulda be due to you bad judgement . come here ... the man walk over to he petrify . the lid to the piano be up , be hold by a wooden bar . calhoune ( to tony ) put you hand on the edge . tony swallow deeply and slowly lift he hand . tony right or leave ? calhoune be you right - hand or left-handed ? . tony right . - calhoune well , put you leave up ' cause I be gonna need you to do something later . tony slowly put he hand on the edge . calhoune ( cold as ice . ) nobody steal from I . the next time you bring somebody crooked into my organization I '11 kill you . do you understand ? tony ( swallow again . ) yes . all at once calhoune hit the bar and the piano top come crash down on tony be hand . bugsy turn away and start to make himself a drink . revise a / of March 28 , 1989 16 continued : calhoune go over and let Joe have a look at it . 7 tony walk over to Joe who start to examine he hand . it be clearly break . calhoune hey , Joe , be it break ? joe yeah , it 's break pretty good . calhoune how 's you right hand ? be it okay ? tony ( in a lot of pain ) yeah , it 's okay . calhoune well , as soon as possible I want you to take care of Tommy small . tony you want we to fix he with a * phone call ? . . * 2 calhoune no . it be too good for that scum , I want you to take you good hand and cut Tommy 's throat from here ... ( indicate with with he finger ) +..to here . CUT to : int . club sugar ray 's - back room - night t the guy be tally up the night . ray so we do $ 700 on the bar . thirteen hundred on the crap table . what do we do in cover ? willie ' Bout three hundred on the door , and Vera have not hand in the girl 's money yet . ( continued ) revise a /o March 30 , 1989 continued : quick somebody tell Vera come here . one of the employee leave . ray what happen with small ? quick I put Jerome on he . jerome nothing much happen . they have a couple of drink , drop about 200 on the table , make a phone call and leave . quick I do not think it 's anything to worry about , sugar . ray I be not worry . I just think it 's a little strange . I mean , calhoune 's woman and he number one boy snooping around . it just maké I get a little uncomfcrtable . jimay I hear the pitty Pat be not shit no more . they doin’ in a week what we do in a day . ray y¥ ’all just stay on you toe the next couple of day . the door blast open and a woman about sixty year old come march into the room . she 's dress to the " T " , and although she 's quite hippy and weigh at least 200 pound , you can see she be pretty hot in she day . she have a sweet grandmother face and a mouth like a sailor . ray Vera , you know we tally up at 4:00 . what 's the problem ? ( continued ) 9 continued : vera kiss my ass , sugar . I get to watch my girl ' till the last trick be go . and I be not about to make no customer roil over so I can punch a goddamn clock . now , I know this be you place , but I be in charge of the girl . so , kiss my ass . sugar , put on the charm and wrapping he arm around she . ( they have have this conversation a hundred time . ) kiss she on ray alright . alright . calm down . the cheek . vera half smile - half resist . vera sugar , do not be kissing all over I . ray how much money we do tonight ? vera ( warming up ) oh , I do not know . I think maybe about two hundred . quick two hundred ! the girl be busy all night . how y'all only make two hundred dollar ? vera kiss my ass , Quick ! now , I do not never say nothing when the bar or crap table seem short . quick ' Cause the bar and crap table do not ever turn up short -- only the girl . vera what be you try to say ? ray Vera , calm down . 9 continued : vera kiss my ass , sugar . I wanna know what you try to say , Quick . quick I be not try to say shit . I be say the girl be always short -- even when the place be pack . and you in charge of the girl . so , either you or they might have a problem add correctly . vera you try to say I be steal . bennie Vera , the boy do not say you be no thief . now , shut up and sit down , vera shut the hell up , bennie . I would tell you to kiss my ass too , but you probably can not find it , you blind motherfucker . vera I and you gotta step out back , Quick . ray hey , please ! it 's just a little misunderstanding . vera Hell no , it be not . I understand just fine . Quick accuse I of steal and I be gonna kick he ass out back . that be not hard to understand . now , I know this be you place , sugar , but if you gonna take Quick 's side on this we can all be some fight motherfucker in here tonignt . let 's go Quick . 20 . 9 continued : 9 quick alright , dammit . you wanna go outside . fine. let 's go . ; vera walk out , take off she bead hat and jewelry , and mumble obscenity . quick ( to sugar ) do not worry . I will not hurt she . I will just scare she a little . he wink . ray you better watch you ass . CUT to 10 ext - alley behind club sugar ray be - night 10 a couple of guy stand around . vera be take off she shoe and mumble . quick walk up take off he jacket and roll up he sleeve smile . quick now , Vera , you wanna talk about this ? : vera it be not get nothing to say . Quick , you insulted I and I get to whip you ass mow . afterwards , I do not want no hard feeling either . she walk up and punch quick right in the mouth . the guy burst out in laughter . quick be in shock . quick hey ! what the fuck be wrong with you ?! there 's blood trickle down he mouth . vera nothing wrong with I . what 's wrong with you , accuse I of steal . the only thing I be steal tonight be to you face . on the word " face " she punch quick again . this time it 's in the eye . so cay ae 'w " '' ke 10 continued : 10 quick ( feed up ) ' hey bitch ! quick hit she with a stiff jab that she just ride and turn back to he , smile . vera yeah . that 's what I be talk about . let 's go sucker . quick be in shock . he start to dance around a la Ali . quick okay . you wanna fight - let 's fight . the fight ensue . [ t 's you typical jonn Wayne big movie fignt scene , except it 's with a guy and a sixty - year - old woman who happen to be pretty tough and can dish it out just as well as she’ can take it . the two box and exchange blow . the guy be cheer . vera start to get the best of quick . combination after combination , she talk to he and taunt he . from leave field , the biggest leave hook send quick to the ground . vera jump on top of he to beat he some more , while still talk . this be one tough old lady . while sit on quick be chest , she accent every sentence with a punch . vera you gonna have to learn ... pow ! how to respect I ... pow ! and the next time ... pow ! you accuse I of steal , I be gonna kick you ass again . quick find the lid to a garbage can , which be right next to he hand and on vera' last word , he creams she with it . she roll off he and get up . he pick up the garbage can and throw that on top of she . quick be stand there breathe hard and bleed . amd much to he surprise , vera get up . revise a / of 2°2799 22 i9 continued : 10 vera okay . you wanna hit people with garbage can , huh ... vera reach into she bra . . vera now I get to cut you . she pull out a straight razor . quick can not take any more of this . he pull out he revolver quick okay , Vera . this have go far enough . put the razor away and let 's call it a night ! vera oh . you gonna pull you gun on I . you must be outta you mind , to pull a gun on I . quick Vera , put the razor down or I be gonna shoat you in the foot . vera oh , you gonna shoot I in my foot well , go ahead , Quick ! vera stick she foot cut and taunt he . vera take you best shot . I dare you . shoot . go ahead , shoot . quick look down and shoot vera in the foot . vera ( scream ) oh , Lord ! this nigger do kill I . you kill I ! you kill I CUT to li int - sweet shop - night 11 * ray lock the door to sugar ray' , but instead of be meviseu a / yu v/ of of 2 : 11 continued : 11 outside , they be in another room ... sugar Ray 's sweet shop . the shop be stock to the gill with the finest confection . sugar Ray 's sweet shop be the storefront of Club sugar ray' . 12 . ext - sugar ray' sweet shop - night 12 * the bay walk through to the car out front , a chauffer roll royce limo . 13 int - limo - night 13 * ray , quick and bennie ray I still do not see why you would have to shoot the woman in the foot . bennie be laugh hysterically . quicck ( tending to he bruise . ) hey , sugar . she be try to kill I . ray no she be not . she be just try to scare you . quick bullshit . she pull out a razor on I , man . now , I would usually kill somebody over something like that , man . I do not even wanna talk about jt anymore . the limo pull up in front of a ritzy brownstone . 14 ext - ritzy brownstone - night 14 * ray hop out , bend to the window . ray you just gotta stop over - reacting , Quick . quuicck qverreact ! ray yes , man . look , I do not care what she do to you . you do not go around ( continue ) 15 revise a/o 3/2/99 14 continued : 14 ray ( cont would . ) shoot sixty - three - year-old grandmother in the foot . it just be not right . bennie sugar , if there be ever a grand - mother who deserve somebody to pop a cap in she foot , it be Vera . * she be run she mouth too much and act like she run the place . ray yeah . but bennie ... a bullet in the foot ? you do not think that 's too much ? bennie Hell no , sugar . you know Quick . do not shoot nobody , less they get it comin' . now , it be just she foot . even Vera say she 's willing to forget about it . she say she lose fair and square . ray I do not know man . just do not seem right . get out of the car I 'l ] see you later on tonight . bend back down . she say she lose fair and square ? bennie mmm hmm . ray that 's a tough old lady . ray walk up the step of he building and open the door . int . - ritzy brownstone - hallway - night 15 we faintly hear the sound of a radio . this alarm ray , since he life alone . somebody 's in he place . ray cautiously inch ( continue ) * 16 revise a/o 3/2/89 nm with 15 continued : 15 he way down the hallway of he house , take out a pearl - handle revolver . he make he way to the live room , where the sound be come from . he brace himself in the doorway , poise to put the drop on whoever 's in he house . int - live room - night 16 * he step quickly around the corner to find a middle - age white man sit and listen to the radio . the man be obviously a cop . the trench coat , the fedora , etc ... he 's sargeant cantone cantone hello , Raymond . how be you ? my name be sargeant phil cantone . ray what be you do in my place ? cantone I need to speak with you , Ray . and I know you would not want I stand around outside in this neighborhood . I mean a fella could get hurt around here . and , please , put the gun away , Ray . color guy with gun make I nervous . ray ( play along ) how can I help you Mr. cantone ? cantone Jesus ... that 's a beautiful suit . what be that ... macy 's ? ray pour a drink and have a seat ray no . this be tailor make , to order tf you would like , I will give you he number . cantone be a dishevel mess . cantone no , I buy off the rack . ray really ? you could never tell , you clothes fit so well . know how bad he actually look , cantone burst into laughter . 16 continued : 16 cantone that 's funny . that 's really funny . my clothes fit I well . what be you ? use to bea night club comic or something ? ray nope . I have be in the candy business for the past twenty year . cantone candy business . be you serious ? ray twenty year . cantone well , that 's strange . ' Cause somebody tell I you run a after - hour place call Club sugar Ray 's ... hot spot in harlem . told I you could gamble , drink , fuck , dance , everything there . and that you own the place . be not you that sugar Ray ? ray no , sir . I own a sweet shop . cantone oh , I be sorry . I be in the wrong place . I think you be a different sugar Ray . oh well ... a candy store , huh ? that 's just great . so you live in a great place like this and wear tailor make suit from sell candy . ray ( laugh ) that 's right . candy business be something else ! cantone ( laugh ) I 'l ] say . must not be a nigger on the street with a healthy tooth in he mouth ... qh well . see you later , sugar Ray . 16 continued : ' 16 '' cantone start to leave and then turn around in the doorway . cantone hey , maybe I should go into the candy business . i'd like to wear nice suit and live in a place like this . I know a lot about candy too ... you look for a partner , Ray ? ray no , I do not think so . cantone oh well ... candy business hun ? sugar / phil 's candy store . I like that . oh well . maybe I be just dream . I 'ma cop for christsake . i'11 see you later , Ray . he walk out of the apartment a beat . ( ray — I bet you will ... shit - et 17 int - harlem neighborhood restaurant - night 17 * sugar , quick , bennie and they date sit around a table . next to ray be annie . she 's ray' girlfriend and she 's drop-dead gorgeous . quick so you think that bugsy put this cop on we . ray 1 know he do , but it be inevi - table . something have to happen sooner or later . we be riding too high and too long . 28 17 continued : 17 annie but why would bugsy calhoune even care about you club , when he own almost every after-hour spot in the city ? ray I guess he want to own all of ‘em . but this kind of shit happen all the time . we just gonna have to relocate . annie baby , I do not wanna leave New York . ray I neither , but we can not fuck with calhoune . a big man walk into the restaurant with a beautiful woman on he arm . he have two bodyguard behind he . one of the patron yell out . patron hey , it 's the champ ! the restaurant break out in applause . the big man be jack jenkins , the heavyweight champion of the world . he 's out for a night on the town . he wave to everyone and notice sugar and quick . ke walk over to the table . he have a very bad stutter problem . jack h..h.. hel ..1lo . h..how y'all doin’ tonight , gentleman ? ray great . how you doin 's ? you ready for next week champ ? . jack rrrrready . sh..sh.. shit . yeah , I be rrrready . } 17 continued : 17 quick I be gonna have a lot of money on you Jack . jack well , you ggggetting ready t..t. t..to get rich nnannnnigger . ' Cause next wwwweek , I be knock ssssome - body th.. the fuck out . everyone laugh ... series of '' awright , " '' right on , " and " I hear thats . " ray awright Jack . ray get up and give jack a hug . quick do the same . quick good luck man . jack leave and go to he table . bennie that nigger gonna kill that white boy . I see that boy fight a hun - dre and thirty - nine round once . ray and we gonna clean up . ' Cause a lot of people think that white boy 's get a shot . bennie oh ...he gonna get a shot ... in he ass . quick with they three - to- one odd , we stand to make a kill next week . ' Cause everybody who 's white and have some money be gonna put it on that white boy . 30 ! 17 continued : 17 ray gambling be where the money 's at . if we do move , we should stop all the bootlegge and the joy house and concentrate on that . quick I think we jumpin ' the gun . we be not hear nothing yet . all we get ts small come by the club and a cop comin ' to you house . and we already get you bag pack . that cop might not even be work for calhoune . annie he 's right , baby . maybe it 's all just a coincidence . quick besides , leave New York should be a last resort . I be not afraid of go up against small or calhoune . ray well , that 's because you be young and full of life and vigor and ... ignorant , because calhoune do not give a fuck about nobody and can have you ass kill by pop he finger . quick I do not think so . ray you better slow down man . there 's a whole nother world outside sugar Hill . and we be the very , very little league . and the only way we stay in the game be not mess with nobody . and when the big league want to play where you be playin' ... you just find another place to play . 31 17 continued : 17 quick but that 's bullshit . why should we build up a market , just so somebody can come along and put we out ... especially when all this shit be illegal . I be just not afraid of calhoune . I mean ... shit . I gota gun too . ray yeah . but he get he gun and he boy have they gun and he cop have they gun . and he get judge on the payroll . and all you get be you gun . that 's about 100 people with gun against you and you gun . now I know you think you 's a bad motherfucker , but do not that make you feel a little uncom - fortable ? quick it 's not how many you shoot . it 's who you shoot . ray and quick be eye lock . ray' worried about this kid . bennie how be I suppose to enjoy my food , with all this talk about shoot people ? annie ( to Ray ) amen , bennie . look , baby . stop worry please and let 's enjoy a nice meal , and I will make everything better later . annie kiss ray on the cheek ... who 's still look at quick who 's read he menu . ray ( to Annie ) awright baby . 32 . 17 continued : 17 annie ( read menu ) what be you have , bennie ? bennie I be have veal parmesan . annie veal parmesan ! this be a american restaurant . where do you see veal Parmesan on this menu ? bennie point to menu . bennie right here . annie ( puzzle ) that say meatloaf . bennie oh yes , yes . meatloaf . that 's what I mean to say . meatloaf . cuT to 18 int - ritzy brownstone - bedroom - night 18 beautiful , lavishly decorate bedroom of ray . he 's lie in bed stare at the ceiling . annie enter in a beautiful nightgown . she be drop-dead gorgeous . annie ( climb in bed ) be you still worry about the club ? ray no , I be worried about Quick he 's get a hot head . it 's like I can not talk to he . annie he 's just young , baby . he will calm down . ray you know , he shot Vera in the foot . 18 continued : 118 ray crawl on annie what ? well , if ever there be a old woman who deserve a bullet in she foot ... it 's Vera . ray ( laugh ) that seem to be the overall consensus . but it be not just Vera . it 's everything . he 's just too ambitious . annie well baby , be not nothing wrong with ambition . ray it be in the wrong circle . annie so , sugar Ray . be we gonna talk about you son all night or be you gonna make love to me top of she . ray well , what if we make love and talk about my son in the morning ? annie what if we make love all night and then make love all moreing and all afternoon ? ray well , what if we just make love real hard for thirty five minute and then drop off into a deep , coma-like sleep ? annie can you meet I half way ? revise a / of March 10 , 1989 34 . 18 continued : 1b ray I will give it a shot . they kiss as we fade . CUT to 19 ext - hospital - harlem - day 19 establish shot . ray' roll be park out front . * 20 int - vera' hospital room - day 20 vera ( loudly ) I be not shittin ' in no goddamn tray . orderly miss Walker , you be suppose to be restrict to bed . you have a bad foot wound . vera - that 's my foot , be not nothin ' wrong with my ass . I can work this good foot to the bathroom , but I be not shittin in no tray . CUT to 21 int - hospital - harlem - hallway - day 24 — sugar , bennie , jerome , willie and jimmy be walk down the hall * with flower and candy , etcetera , look for vera be room . they hear a stream of obscenity come from a room . bennie this must be Vera 's room . 22 int - vera' hospital room - day 22 sugar and the boy enter . ray ( mock charming ) hello , miss Walker . vera kiss my ass , sugar . 35 22 continued : 22 ray kiss she on the cheek . oh , come on , be nice . how you feel ? vera I be fine , but this boy will not let I go to the bathroom . ray ( to orderly ) why not ... why can not she go to the bathroom ? orderly she 's not suppose to leave the bed , sir . we have supply she with bed pan , but she refuse to use they . bennie pick up a bed pan and look at it . you put this little pan under Vera 's big ass , you will never see it again . vera kiss my ass , bennie , you nearly blind son-of - a-bitch . you probably can not see it no how ... bennie go to hell ... you ... Vera , you better be quiet . you be shot once this week anggeay 2 ) — ray break up the argument . alright , alright . listen , we just want to stop by and give you we love and tell you to ( continue ) revise a/ of 3/2/89 56 . 22 continued : 3 22 ray ( cont would . ) take it easy , and do not worry about nothing . I will take care of everything . vera where 's Quick ? willie * he be out late last night , but he send he love . vera oh , the nigger gonna pop a cap in my foot , then he can not come down and wish I well in person . sugar , that boy of yours be not shit ray well , he 's just be under a lot of pressure lately . vera well , you better talk to he . I damn near raise that boy and he gonna accuse I of steal , and then shoot I in my foot . that sound like more than pressure to I . he need to slow he ass down . ray close on ray yeah , I know . CUT to 23 int - club sugar ray be - ray' office - night 23 it 's nearly evening and the club 's in preparation for the night 's event . ray' behind he desk and bennie js sit on the edge of the desk . quick burst into the room . quick I know it . I know it ! 23 continued : 23 bennie knew what ? quick I know that girl the other night have it for I . look at what come in the mail today . he pull out a telegram and read aloud . quick '' dear Mr. Quick . I could not help but acknowledge the obvious elec- tric attraction between the two of we . perhaps we should have dinner later and talk . please respond , Evergreen 2 - 0304 . sign ... truly , miss Dominique larue . " see there , sugar , she and small come in here the other night do not have nothing to do with that cop that come by you place . she make that chump small run she through here ' cause she want to meet I . she probably see I on the boule - vard or at the picture show . be want to meet I since . ray do not I tell you to leave that girl alone ? quick hey , sugar . she come after I . plus , how we know she 's still down with bugsy ? the least I be gonna do be find out . bennie Dominique larue ! where she get that french name ? quick she 's creole . bennie hey , man . you do not wanna mess ( continue ) 23 continued : revise a /o March 30 , 1989 38 . 23 bennie ( cont / die ) with no creole woman . yyou / will fuck around and get a root put on you ass . * quick what 's a root ? bennie it 's a voodoo curse - all they creole girl know how to do it . quick get outta here . ray he 's serious . tell ‘em bennie . who be that guy who 's dick shrink up ? ly bennie wallace walcott . be messin’ " with a creole girl a she dirty and he '' dick shrink up to the size of a cocktail weenie . * yee '' * quick that 's bullshit . ray awright . when you have a little boy 's nut and you asshole fall out , do not say we do not warn you . quick you guy gotta get out the jungle with that witchcraft jazz . ray I do not like it Quick . quick I just wanna see if she 's still see calhoune . and as far as this voodoo stuff go , that 's y’all 's thing . ( continued ) 33 23 continued : 23 — quick walk out of the office . bennie call after he . bennie they can bury you draw in the yard and you will not be able to leave . the house neither . CUT to 24 int - club sugar ray be - night 24 the club - be in full swing again . ray be make he round . he stop by the crap table . bennie nine...nine ... a no field nine . gambler que c'mon man . that be a three . Three ! bennie oh yes . Little joe. is ray ~ hey bennie . you glass . bennie I be gonna put ‘em on . I have something in my eye . bennie put on he glass and the gambler applaud . CUT to 25 int - club sugar ray be - doorway to crap table - night 25 quick enter and walk up to sugar . ray so , what 's up ? she still with calhoune ? revise a / of March 28 , 1989 40 . 25 continued : cuT to quick she would not say . Said she do not wanna talk about it on the phone . how we doin’ tonight ? ray great . 25 26 int - club sugar ray 's - doorway - night sargeant phil cantone be walk into the club . ray ( see cantone ) well , we be do great ' till two second ago . Quick who 's that ? ray that 's the cop I tell you meet I at my place . cantone look around and spot ray and quick . and walk over to they . cantone hey Ray . the candy man ! ray sargeant cantone ... I have like you to meet a friend of mine , Mr. Quick . cantone hello Mr. Quick . you know , Ray , I be kinda mad at you . ray why 's that sarge ? cantone well ... you lie to I , ray. ( continue ) 26 he smile 26 27 continued : they walk off , CUT to revise a /o June 1 , 1989 a _ 26 cantone ( cont have . ) ! you tell I you be in the candy business and it turn out you be the Ray I be look for . ray so what . be I under arrest ? cantone no . I be not gonna arrest you . I wanna talk business . where can we talk ? ray let 's go to my office . as employee watch they go to the back . int - club sugar ray be - ray 's office - night 27 ray , cantone and quick walk in . he sit behind cantone this be nice . the desk and put he foot up . cantone okay , Ray . here 's the deal . I get a call from a friend of mine by the name of bugsy calhoune . gave I a call about you guy . it seem you boy get a little gold mine here . now , do not get I wrong . I know there 's gonna always be after-hour spot , and we pretty much leave they alone ... when the money 's really not that significant . but you boy be do about ten to fifteen thousand a week . that 's serious cake , and to be honest , Mr. calhoune and myself want a slice . ( continued ) 27 continued : revise a /o March 30 , 1989 42 . 27 ray what about the pitty Pat and all the other club calhoune own . be not they make money ? cantone pitty Pat 's not do so well , and that 's because of you guy . I mean all the jig know bugsy own the place and small 's a front . so they all come here . but the other club be do great . quick so , why be you fuck with we ? cantone I be not fuck with you Mr. Quick . if I be fuck with you , I have arrest you kick you ass or something . = wanna ee in business with you . pay how much menay you talk about ? cantone well , if you guy be do fifteen a week , let 's say we cut be ten thousand . BAY * that 's a let of money man . you be robbing we . * * cantone you guy be robbin 's the system , Ray . what do you want ? Sympathy , from I ? you be criminal for chrissake ! I think that deal 's pretty good . I want to take more , but bugsy think that be fair . he 's a real softy , bugsy . I mean , honestly , if it be ( continue ) 27 continued : he get up to he leave . revise a /o March 30 , 1989 43 . cantone ( cont have . ) up to I , I have give you jig just enough money to function . what 's that old say , that " all nigger want be a warm place to shit and comfortable shoe . " [ I think that 's it . well , I believe that . so when I see you guy with the fancy clothes and car , nice house - and I be live in a fuck hovel - that bother I . so , what do you say Ray ? we get a deal or what ? ray can we get back to you ? cantone no , I ’1ll get back to you . * leave . cantone oh , guy . do yeu mind if I take a box of chocolate heart ? it 's the wife 's birthday . y oh , not at all . help yourself . ' cantone Ray , you be a nice jig ... thanks . ray ( to Quick ) Close the club and get everybody back to my house in a hour . quick hey , sugar . fuck this , man . he can not just walk in here and take we place over . , do not tell I we be gonna run . crom tre gy ray we gotta run . but we be gonna kick he in the nut first . ( continued ) 28 revise a/ of 3/2/89 as . CUT to '' int - ritzy brownstone - dine room table - night 28 willie , jerome and jimmie be there sit around the table . * vera be there as well . ray ( address the boy ) now , we have know for a long time that we be the only club in the city calhoune do not run . and I have be expect he to try to squeeze we for some time now . calhoune want two -third of we profit . guy around the table comment ... a series of '' oh shit , " " C 'mon man , " " that 's bullshit , " etc . ray I feel the same way . but if we stay in business here , we will have to do it . there 's no way we can fight calhoune . I mean we get , the heart , but we just do not have '' pthe muscle . now , if we give in to wot calhoune 's demand , everybody 's see salary be gonna decrease by two - third . vera well , calhoune can kiss my ass , ' cause I and my girl be not pay he shit . I say we be - locate . quick we know a lot of y'all have family and it be not as easy as that to just up and leave . but y'all know you can not live on a third of what you be make right now . guy around the table comment ... " you be not lie , " '' you get that right , " etc . revise a / of April 10 , 1989 45 . 28 continued : 28 ray so , fella . I have a way we can all make some heavy money . ' Cause we have to relocate . but if we do everything the way I plan it , all of you can make about fifty thou - * sand dollar a piece . and with * that , you will have the money you need to relocate . or , if you wanna go legit , you can do that too ... and start a little business of you own . willie hey , sugar , how we gonna make fifty grand ? * ray well , everybody know the big fight be this week . and there 's gonna be over three - quarter of * a million dollar in the book house on Friday night . jimmy that sound to I like bugsy calhoune be gonna make a lot of money . he own all the book house ' cept ours . so how we gonna make fifty grand * a piece ? ray look at quick and nod . quick we be gonna rob bugsy calhoune . jerome how we gonna do that if you say we do not have the muscle to fight he ? how we gonna take he money ? ray well , if everything go the way I want it ... by the time he realize he 's be hit ... we will be a day go already . another thing we have to do be get all the cash we get and ( continued ) 28 continued : revise a / of June 1 , 1989 46 . 28 ray ( cont / d . ) put it on that white boy to win the fight . willie but Jenkins be gonna kill that boy . ray exactly , calhoune know we know Jenkins and everybody know he 's gonna kill that boy . so , if he see we betting on the white boy to win he ’1ll think that we talk Jenkins into take a dive . so we can win some extra money when we leave town to help we live happily ever after . bennie oh , I get it -- he will put he money in with all the other money and it do not matter who win cause we hittin’ all the money anyway . you sugar sweet smart motherfucker ! ray there 's no way we can lose . you will either move with we or drop out the scene with fifty G 's and do what you want . I say we go for it . y¥ ’all with I ? we pan down the table - everyone be nodd yes . deadpan . ray look at quick and smile . ray good. great . perfect . as everyone get up and leave , ray get up and pull quick to the side . ray you know , Quick , it might not be a bad idea for you to meet with Tommy small tomorrow night . quick for what ? ( continued ) 29 revise a / of May 31 , 1989 46a . ray well , the brother can not be a total coon . meet with he and run down some of that " we all brother " shit to he . he might slip and tell some of what calhoune have up he sleeve . quick you think small be that stupid ? ray yes , small be very stupid . and you know what else you should do ? call that larue girl and make a dinner date with she and see if you can find out anything about calhoune or cantone that can be of some help . quick now , that I can do ! ray just dinner , Quick . you meet with this girl more than once , it might fuck thing up . quick alright . curt to int - tommy small 's apartment build elevator 29 Elevator door open . tommy small be smile he biggest smile and there 's a beautiful woman ci he arm . as the door open , small look up and be punch square in the mouth . he hit the floor . sargeant cantone and tony with the break hand stand over hin . ( continued ) ee eee ee ee wee eee eee 4i 29 continued : 29 kl cantone take out he badge and show it to the lady . I be sargeant phil cantone . be you with this gentleman ? lady no , I be not . and I have already forget you name and face sir . cantone press the elevator button and drag small out . ( to lady . ) have a nice day . the door close . cuT to 30 int - tommy small ' apartment - night 30 close on tommy small ' face . he 's still out cold . cantone be kl try to revive he by patting he cheek . cantone ( between pat ) hey c'mon Tommy . Tommy , wake up . small be come around . tommy ( groggily ) what 's go on ? cantone you awake Tommy ? tommy open he eye . he 's awake now . yeah , I be awake . what 's go on ? cantone you alright now ? revise a /o March 28 , 1989 4t 30 continued : ' 30 ll tommy ( get angry ) I say I be alright . now what the hell be go on ? cantone it 's time to pay the piper , Tommy . tommy what piper ? what the fuck you talkin’ about ? tony * the five grand you lift last month . * tommy five who lift last what ? hey man , I do not know what y’all be talkin’ about . listen , if it 's a problem , let 's go talk to calhoune and work it out . cantone G we already speak to Mr. calhoune . he want we to tell you how piss , off he be at you for steal from ko he . oh yeah , and there 's one other thing ... cuT to '' 31 int - tommy small 's apartment build hallway - night 3 b | janitor sweeping the hallway outside the apartment door , } whistling . / back on ( 32 int ~ tommy small 's apartment '' 32 cantone be point he gun and fire four shot . / back on '' 33 int - tommy small 's apartment build lobby hallway - night 33 janitor stand still by the door . we hear two more shot . the janitor pause a beat then start to whistle again , con - tinuing to sweep down the hallway . cuT to 35 49 — __t 34 int ~ tommy small ' apartment - night 34 cantone and tony be stand over small who be sit ina chair , dead . tony bugsy say I be suppose to cut he throat . cantone ( a beat ) then cut it . CUT to int - steam room - night 35 bugsy calhoune be sit wrap in a towel by himself , with he back to the wall . enter phil cantone fully dress . he walk over to bugsy and sit beside he . calhoune so , what 's what ? cantone ( sitting down next to calhoune ) it 's do . we friend be a memory . but you know , the strangest thing just happen . calhoune what 's that ? cantone one of sugar Ray 's people just make a 200,000 bet on the fight . calhoune — — — — \___ = well , it 's three - to - one odd . I [ . guess they be try to pick up a little extra cash ' cause they know they gotta close down . they will not make that much . everybody know that jig 's gonna kill kirkpatrick . } 35 continued : cantone yeah , I know , but they be not betting on Jenkins . they put the money on kirkpatrick at three - to - ~one they can make six hundred grand if he win . calhoune ( have a revelation ) that sneaky bastard , they put the fix on . Jenkins be gonna throw the fight . cantone it make sense . calhoune of course , it make sense . they know Jenkins . he know if he lose the fight he can get a be - match . they take all the money they get , put it on Jenkins to lose , make six hundred thousand and disappear . Jenkins get he rematch , get he title back and help out he buddy as well . ~ Jesus , be not the champ a wonderful guy ( laugh at himself ) . cantone so , what do you do now ? calhoune well , I do not see why they should be the only one to benefit from Mr. Jenkins ' generosity . so what I be gonna do be put about five hundred thousand on kirkpatrick and pick up a little extra cash ( taughing at himself still ) . and it suggest you put all you extra cash together and do the same thing . ( they both snicker then burst into laughter . ) CUT to 50 35 no scene 36 and 37 omitted revise a / of May 31 , 1989 51 . 37 38 omitted revise a / of May 31 , 1989 int - tommy small 's apartment build lobby - night 38 a hand go down the apartment list and stop on the name " small . " the buzzer . ) no answer . ( camera pull back to reveal quick press he wait a beat then press again - ~still he walk over to the doorman . quick ( to doorman ) you sure small be up there ? doorman he come in about 7:00 . I be down here since . he have not leave . sometimes they buzzer do not work that good . what do you say you name be ? quick ( take out twenty dollar ) Quick . I be a old friend . alright if I go up and knock on the door ? ( continued ) 52 . 38 continued : 38 the doorman take the money and press the buzzer for quick to enter . 39 ext - small " apartment door - hallway - night 39 quick ring the doorbell . there 's no answer . he ring again . still no answer . he knock on the door and it creep open about two inch . ( this wierd quick out . ) quick ( peek in door and call out . ) hey small ! hey small , it 's Quick . you home ? he push the door open a little more , poke he head inside . quick ( call ) yo Tommy , you home ? 40 int - tommy small ' apartment - night 40 he survey the room . nothing be dishevel . he look down and notice a trail of splatter blood lead to another room . ( this really wierd he out . ) he take out he revolver and start to follow the path . it lead into the bedroom . thre be a man sit in front of the window with he head back . quick ( walk over slowly , call ) hey small ! hey small , you be not dead , be you ? yo small , you dead ? he walk in front of the man to see that it be small , whose throat be cut from ear to ear , and he 's be shot six time . quick ( to small ) I guess that 's a pretty stupid question , huh ? shit , somebody fuck you up pretty bad . I think I better leave . you probably wanna be alone and think about who you piss off . close on - the bloody face of small . 40 continued : sé } 40 quick Excuse I . CUT to 41 int - tommy small ' apartment build lobby - night 41 the doorman be behind a desk . he see quick . doorman be he up there ? quick yeah , but he feelin ' a little under the weather . he 's get a sore throat . doorman maybe I should send out for some soup or something . quick it could not hurt , ( look at he watch ) well , gotta run . get a dinner engagement . you have a nice night . doorman you too . CUT to 42 ext - tommy small ' apartment build - night 42 quick come out . CUT to 43 ° ext - tommy small ' apartment - black sedan - night 43 a black sedan pull up across the street . CuT to 44 int - black sedan ~ night 44 Three black man . one notice quick . 44 continued : 44 man 1 ( in sedan ) hey , be not that that nigger , Quick ? man 2 yeah , that 's he , man 1 what the hell he doin ' comin 's out my brother 's house ? quick get into he car and drive off . the three man get out of the sedan and cross the street to the apartment building . cuut to 45 int - tommy small ' apartment build lobby - night 45 doorman hello Mr. small ... gentleman . man 1 hey Charlie , who be that guy just here to see ? doorman he just visit you brother , sir . Said he be a old friend . the man walk over and get into the elevator . doorman ( Calling off to they ) he say you brother 's not feel so well . cuT to 46 int - tommy small ' apartment build - elevator - night 46 Elevator door close . cuT to revised.a / of March 10 , 1989 56 47 ext - calhoune's on the park restaurant - night 47 * calhoune's on the park be a very swank restaurant . limo pull up * and drive off . cuT to 48 int - calhoune's on the park + night * head waiter be stand at a reservation podium . quick enter the restaurant dress immaculately , hold flower and a box of chocolate . head waiter yes , May I help you , sir ? quick yes . I be suppose to be dining with a miss Dominique larue here . head waiter oh yes , of course . follow I please , sir . they walk through the restaurant to a table in the back . head waiter miss larue . you guest have arrive . sitting at the table be dominique LA rue , and to she side there be two white man . quick be a little confuse . dominique hello , Mr. Quick . I have like you to meet Mr. bugsy calhoune and he assistant , Joseph leoni , quick be confuse , but try not to show it . he shake they hand , quick uh , hello , sir . Nice to meet you . bugsy have a seat . have a seat . quick sit down . , ~ 48 continued : 48 bugsy so , be that flower and candy for I ? quick well ...no . uhm ... bring they for the lady . bugsy well , give ‘em to she for chrissake . she love flower and candy ! dominique ( take the flower from quick . } thank you , Mr. Quick . bugsy so , how 's business , Mr. Quick ? quick Excuse I ? bugsy Business over at sugar ray' . quick oh , it 's alright . bugsy alright ? I hear you guy be do great . Dominique toid I the place be pack last Monday night . nobody do business on a Monday . you guy pack ‘em in on a fuck Monday . you must be do great ! what do you move ? Fifteen - twenty thousand a week ? quick uh , I do not do the book . bugsy c'mon , you be the one that build that club to what it be . you ( continue ) ) 58 48 continued : 48 bugsy ( cont would . ) tell I you do not look at the book ? that 's pretty stupid , Quick . quick yeah , well I trust Ray . bugsyy that 's pretty stupid too . in this business , never trust any - body . everybody in this business be a criminal . how're you gonna trust a criminal ? quick ( look at Dominique ) * well , I think I be gonna head back home now . bugsy what 's you rush ? stay a second . have some wine . pour he a drink . bugsy Mr. Quick , do a sargeant phil cantone come by you place the other day ? quick yeah , he come by . bugsy and he tell you about my business proposition ? quick I would not exactly call ita business proposition , but he tell we what you offer be . bugsy but , it be business , Quick . ( continue ) 48 continued : e > 48 bugsy ( cont would . ) 1 do not make offer . I make business proposition . and I get a good one for you , Quick . I want you to come work for I and run the pitty Pat Club with Dominique here . quick I do not think so . bugsy it 's a lot more money in it . I mean after sugar pay we , you cut be not gonna be what it use to be . I could really use you at the pitty Pat . you can turn it into a really hot spot . I mean , you understand you people and you know how to run a club , either way , you will be work for I ... for peanut where you be at ...or , for good money at the pitty Pat . Quick why be you ask I ? what about you boy , small ? bugsy oh , I have to fire small . he have a bad problem with arith - metic . so , we have to let he go . but , you be smarter than that , small . you would not make mistake like he . lock ... do not give I a answer now . sleep on it . dominique Mr. Quick . it will be to all of we advantage if you be to join Mr. calhoune 's organi- Zation . quick ( stand ) what do you guy take I for ? ( continue ) revise a / of March 10 , 1989 60 . 48 continued : 48 quick ( cont would . ) you think I 'l ] ? stab my friend in the back ? bugsy Mr. Quick ... it 's really no need for you to be upset . this be business here . look , you go home and think about it . miss larue will be in touch with you . joey , you wanna show Mr. Quick to he car ? quick I find my way in , I can find my way out . he leave . close up on bugsy sip he wine . CUT tq 49 ext - calhqune's on the park - night 49 * shot of quick come out of restaurant and get into he car . across the street a black sedan watch quick pull off . CUT to 50 int - sedan 50 four guy be put clip into sub-machine gun . one of the man be cry . crying man let 's kill that bastard now ! let 's do it for Tommy . the car pull off behind quick be . immediately , he know he 's be follow . CUT to 51 int - quick be car - night 51 quick ( to himself ) now , what the hell be this shit about ? he reach between he seat and bring up one pistol and put it ( continue ) 52 51 continued : 51 in he leave underarm holster . he reach down and do the same thing on he right side with another gun . he then reach down and bring up the gun from he leg holster and hold it in he right hand . back on int - black sedan - night 52 the driver have a revolver in he right hand and be steering with he rete the other three man sit pensively with machine gun on they close up on crying man . crying man on right side in the back . pull up to he bumper and we will take the back of he head off . everyone 's finger be ready on the trigger . the sedan speed up . quick notice and do the same . all at once , quick slam on he brake and duck simultaneously . the sedan crash into the back of quick be car , send the hit man lurching forward and the gun accidently go off . the man on the front passenger 's side get three in the back of the head , and the driver get one in the shoulder . everyone be scream . driver gain control of the car . oh shit , man ! I be hit ! I be hit ! crying man shut up and drive ! man behind driver holding a bleed nose . my nose be break ! 53 54 52 continued : 52 driver , still not realize the man on he right be dead . junior , you okay ? hey junior ... see the blood . oh shit , we shot junior ! qh man , he 's fuck up ! he 's dead ! he 's dead man ! crying man shut up , it be a accident ! pull up next to the motherfucker ! the sedan pull up next to quick . ext - quick be car - STREET - night 53 quick ram he car into the side of the sedan and jump out of the passenger side of the still - move car . he roll into on - come traffic , look up at a car speed toward he . he roll out of the way of the car that miss he by inch and must roll again to avoid another that miss he just as closely . he get up and run toward the sidewalk toward a store front window . pull he coat around he head , he jump in the fetal position , through the window , shatter it , and duck down behind the waist-high wall , gun readied for battle . int - sedan - night 54 everyone be in hysterics . driver he jump out ! the nigger jump out ! 55 ext - quick be car - night 55 quick be car crash into some park car . 56 int - sedan - night 56 crying man stop ! stop ! stop goddammit , stop ! the car stop . c'mon , let 's go get this sneaky bastard . they get out of the car a mess . 63 57 ext - STREET - night ! 57 ce one guy 's nose be bleed , the other 's arm be bleed , and : the other be cry as they advance . crying man Quick ! I 'mma kill you , Quick . you make I shoot one of my boy in the head , Quick ! and I know you have something to do with what happen to my brother . 58 int - store front - night 58 quick ( still ducking and ready ) I do not know what you be talk about , man . 59 ext - STREET / store front - night 59 crying man ( still advance ) that 's bullshit , man . you know _ what I be talk about . 60 int - store front - night 60 fire a round into the wall quick be behind . 61 ext - STREET / storefront - night 61 man with broken nose you break my nose , man ! 62 int - store front - night 62 quick I be gonna say it one more time . I do not know what you boy be talk about . ( pause ) now I suggest y' ‘al let I go on my way . 63 ext - STREET / store front - night 63 crying man oh really ?! well , I suggest you kiss my ass , Quick . ' Cause the only way you leave here be shot ! 64 revise a /o March 10 , 1989 int - store front - night 64 ! quick ( to himself ) fuck this . quick take aim and shoot three time and duck . he pause and look up . all three man be dead . he cautiously climb from inside the store front and run off into the night . CUT to 65 int - calhoune's on the park - night 65 bugsy calhoune look up and see a phil cantone in the doorway of the restaurant . they make eye contact and cantone motion with he head and walk off into the restroom . calhoune ( to Dominique ) Excuse I a moment please . he get up and walk to the bathroom . 66 int - calhoune's on the park = bathroom - night 66 calhoune enter . there 's no one inside . he look under the stall and see the foot of cantone . he get in the stall next to he and he sit down . they speak to each other through the wall . cantone we get a problem . calhoune what do you mean , we get a problem ? cantone well , for some reason that I can not figure out yet , right before they find Tommy small dead , Quick be see come out of he apartment . calhoune so how 's that a problem ? that should take the heat off we and put it on Quick . once small ' crazy ass brother find out Quick be see come out of Tommy 's , he will go nut . cantone he already know . calhoune so , what happen . cantone right after he leave here tonight , small ' brother catch up with ( continue ) 64 66 66a continued : he get up and cuT to revise a /o March 28 , 1989 65 . 66 cantone ( cont.d ) he and go nut , and now small 's brother and three of he man be dead too . calhoune what happen , sone of Quick 's guy tail he here and hit small first ? cantone no ... Quick do it . calhoune how the hell do one guy kill four in a hit ? I mean , who the fuck be this guy , Super jig ?! cantone I do not know --- ycu tell I . CA lhoune that son-of - a-bitch . I guess this be gonna be a little harder than I think . I / x11 call you later . come out of the stall and look around . ca. lhoune ( look around ) there 's nobody here . you can come out . cantone I be really take a dump . int - calhoune 's on the park - ' ight * 66 a bugsy come back in from the bathroom and go back to he table with Dominique and joey leoni , who be still dining . +t bugsy ( sit and stare at Dominique ) so tell I what you think of Mr. Quick . oe et * dominique what do you mean ? * ( continued ) 65a . }66a continued : * 66a bugsy * you know , do you like he ; do you * think he 's someone you might want * to .... fuck ? * dominique * ( a beat ) .... yes . * ( she continue eat ) * blugsy ( snile ) * good . * cuT to 67 int - club sugar ray 's ~ ray 's cffice - night 67 sugar be in he office with be !!' t= and vera . jerome poke he head in the door . jerome Quick just pull up in a cab . sugar a cab ! what 's he doin 's in a cab ? ( continued ) 67 continued : quick enter . phone ring . 6t 67 ray ( cont would . ) Ring I back here when that call come in . ray ( jakingly ) what you doin ' riding in cab , that 's not you style . quick I have a little fender bender . ray you alright ? quick yeah , I be alright . I just need a few minute to get my head together . ray you find out anything from calhoune 's girl ? quick no ...um , I be not sure what I find out ... where we at with this other stuff ? ray sugar ... alright ... okay . you be sure now . okay , later ... what ? no shit ! I wonder what that 's about . oh well , better he than I . ( he hang up the phone . ) okay . the guy that 's gonna do the pick up be the same as last year 's big fight - a Mr. richie vento . Vera , I want you to put someone on he tomorrow so that come fight night , he 's do whatever she want . vera alright sugar . 67 continued : revise a /o March 30 , 1989 67 . 67 ray you get somebody that can turn he out ? vera I get a girl who be so good , if you throw she pussy in the air it would turn into sunshine . ray well , I do not even wanna know who that be . just put she on he . and a moment of silence , * if you will , for we former fellow club runner , the late manager of the Club pitty Pat , Tommy small . everyone what ... Tommy dead ? what ?... etc. quitk Tommy small be dead ? * ray ( raise he glass Max just tell I they find he with one in the forehead , two in the necktie , and three in he leave lapel . so , I take it small have die and go to heaven or hell . but you can rest assure , wherever he be , he 's kissing somebody 's ass . ( toast ) to Tommy small , a two - face , back - stabbing , low -life uncle Tom , ass - kissing son-of - a-bitch . bennie hey , come on now sugar . the man be dead , let he rest in peace . ray Rest in peace ? shit , we need to send ( continued ) 68 6e 67 continued : 67 ray ( cont would . ) somebody down to take the pillow out nis coffin . ' Cause that boy be not shit . phone ring . ray sugar ... d just a minute , he 's right here , ( to Quick ) Dominique larue . quick hello , yeah ... yeah , I can meet you . just you , right ? okay , give I a half hour . he hang up . quick ( to Ray ) can I borrow you car ? ray ( throw the key ) yeah , sure . she get something ? quick I do not know . I '11 see you later on . he leave . close up on sugar . he know something 's up . CUT to ext - club sugar ray be - night 68 quick exit and get into sugar be roll . as he pull out , he see in he rear view mirror another black sedan pull out behind he . 68 continued : . 4 68 quick ( to himself ) oh shit , here we go again . he drive up the street and wait for the car to get right behind he and slam he break again , make the car crash into he . he jump out of the passenger 's side , gun out , and run to the sedan . he stick he gun in the window , only to find a elderly couple ( about 100 year old ) sit there in shock . the woman 's nose be bleed . elderly woman I think my nose be break young man . elderly man be I follow you too close boy ? quick ( embarrassed ) uh... sorry about that . cuT to 69 ext - townhouse - night 69 quick be car pull up . he get out and go up to front door . quick knock . dominique open the door . she be drop dead gorgeous ... dominique do come in , Mr. Quick . he come in , 70 int - townhouse - night 70 quick thank you . this be a beautiful place . dominique take he coat . be Quick you real name ? quick no , my real name be ... my real name be vernest . vernest Brown . but that 's not the coolest name , so I kinda go by Quick . this be really some place here . revise a/ of 2/22/89 7 '' 70 continued : 70 dominique it do not belong to I , it belong to Mr. calhoune , and I stay from time to time . quick so then , it 's true . dominique what be that , vernest ? * quick that you be calhoune 's woman . dominique I work for Mr. calhoune . quick and exactly what do you job entail ? dominique whatever it be that 's require . quick and you interest in I , be it for business or be it personal ? dominique both . CUT to int - townhouse - bedroom - night 71 dominique and quick stand next to she bed kissing feverishly . dominique pull away . dominique I have to go change . take off you thing . she leave and go into the bathroom . quick start to take off he thing and take off he leave gun , put it under the pillow . he take off he right gun and lift the other pillow . there be already a pearl - handle gun there . he smile . 71 , ' quick ( to himself ) that 's cute . we get a lot more in common than I think . CUT to 72 73 int - townhouse - bathroom - night 72 dominique be in a knock - out of a nightgown now . she 's stare pensively into the mirror . quick Calling off camera . hey , what be you do in there ? dominique turn off the light and walk into the bedroom . Quick my god ... look at you ! int - townhouse - bedroom - night 73 she get into the bed and kiss he first on the neck , then the lip , then the forehead , then the lip again . the fall back and begin to make love . it 's quite passionate . both be very vocal and the scene be very erotic and elaborate . dominique be on top of he . she climax . Quick oh ...oh , Jesus , you be unbelievable . dominique so be you , Mr. vernest Brown . quick ( laugh ) vernest Brown , huh . only you can call I vernest Brown and make it sound good . so , be this for business or be that personal ? dominique kiss he . both . it be personal for I and business for . Mr. calhoune . quick ( laugh ) Mr. calhoune , be he here ?! I think I feel another hand on my ass ( laugh ) . '' 1 73 continued :. 73 dominique reaching she hand under the pillow . no , he 's not here . quick pull she hand to he cheek . well , where be he ? dominique put she hand beneath the pillow again . you need not worry . he rarely come here . he 's with he wife . quick pull she hand to he chest this time . calhoune have a wife . and you stil fuck he . what 's the attraction ? dominique pause a beat . he 's a very brilliant man and he 's teach I a lot . Quick put he hand behind he head . oh , really . like what ? meen dominique well , about business . quick what about business ? dominique put she hand beneath the pillow again . this time quick let she . 73 continued : she take out ( a beat ) 73 dominique ( cont would . ) well , he teach I never to trust anybody in this business and that everybody in this business be a criminal . the gun and point it in he face . and how be you ever go to trust a criminal ? quick so , you be suppose to kill I . dominique yes . quick and you would make love to I and shoot I afterwards . dominique ( still point the gun ) I be sorry vernest , it 's only business . she pull the trigger , the gun click ... quick have take the bullet out . quick ( pull he hand from beneath he pillow with he gun and speak at the same time ) bang ! CuT to and this be personal ! 74 revise a /o March 28 , int . - bar - night 1989 74 . the patron be all white with jthe exception of one very beautiful black girl , sunshine , | who 's sit at the end of the bar with she date , a white man -- at the other end of the bar , richie vento sit with twa friend . angle on sunshine and date Sunshine do not appear to be jinterested in she date . her date , Max , be not pleased . what 's the matt vith you ? I bring you to a decent place and all you do be laok at every guy in the joint except I . sunshine I be not lookin’ lat every guy . well , pay attention to I , will you ? I be you date , remember ? sunshine you be not get enough money for I to mess with lyou . max ( argry ) I what ? unshine you hear I . '' gonna get I a real ] man . + rt. enewgh — baiis —oithe be yeah ? well I get enough sense to get the fuck |away from you . ( take she |drink and pour it in the sink behind the / bar ) buy you own drink from now on . Max leave . angle on richie and he varanod have be stare over here ever since she sit down . she want something . # 1 I tell you , niche that girl ( continued ) + ee + ee oe * of F +e ee ee * 74 revise a /o March 28 , 1989 74a . 74 continued : 74 man # 2 what no she t rid of that guy * for ? that 'o what I wanna know . * man # 1 I think she want we . I think she want the three of we , * richie . richie naa . she look too classy for that . she 'si fuckin’ beautiful . I tell you , eoretically , I do not . usually look at color woman , but she 's fuckin’ gorgeous deah . man # 2 hey , richie . | she smile at you . cuT to 75 angle on sunshine 75 Sunshine say something to the bartender who walk down the * bar to the three guy . | * angle on richie and friend * no bartender ( to richie ) the lady at e end of the bar would like to buy you a drink . man # 1 I tell you . | I tell you she be hot . she want to fuck . what she say about we ? she wanna buy we a drink , too ? ( continued ) 75 continued : 75 bartender ( place drink in front of richie ) she just say thjis gentleman . a 2 richie , you luc bastard . ichie ( to he boy ) lookit . you guy get outta here . ( to the bartender ) tell the lady ijli accept she offer only if she will ¢ome sit with I . thexbartender walk back down / and relay the message . the woman get up and walk down to sit|with richie . every eye in the place be on she . she be the sexiest woman in existence . she sit down next to the man . oman ( very sexily ) do you notice I watch you ? richie ( try to play it cool ) no , I can not sayj I do deah . woman ( very sexily ) well , I be . ij be new in town and I have not any firiend . and you look quite ... friiendly . so , would you like to be my friend ? richie ( melting ) well , lookit . ( sure , I would love to be my friend . I mean , be you friend . my name be richie , richie vento . and whait 's you name , darling deah ? woman ... Sunshine ... 76 CUT to int ~ ritzy brownstone - night sugar sleep . we hear the sound of a buzzer . sugar wake up . buzzer again .. he open door . sugar who the fuck can that be ... dust a minute ! it 's quick . sugar ( still asleep ) hey , how be you date ? quicck I kill she . sugar to ' the pussy up huh ? quick no man , I kill she . sugar what be you talkin ' about ? quick I shot she , man . sugar ( still half asleep ) be the pussy that bad ? quick she try to kill I ! that 's the only reason she be a I . calhoune try to use she to take I out . the mother - fucker try twice tonight . sugar what else happen ? quick I think he make small ' people think we finger small . they try to ( continue ) 76 continued : 76 quick ( cont would . ) snuff I right after I meet with Dominique for a dinner that turn out to be a invitation by calhoune to be he new boy . sugar why do not you tell I this earlier ? quick Il be put it all together . that fat fuck be try to kill I . but it be not gonna be no third time . ' Cause now [ be look for he ! sugar hey Quick , do not be stupid . let 's just figure out what we do next . Quick I tell you what I be gonna do sugar . I be not no goddamn punk . you try to kill I , I try to kill you . sugar hey , Quick , you be not no gangster , man . we be not ... we be club owner . we run a dance hall . be a punk have nothing to do with it . this man be a cold , hard gangster who can have you ass kill . and you a lot easier to get to than he . now , the man probably do not know about larue yet . come morning , he 's gonna rea want you dead , so we better find some place to lay low ' till we can run the scam and step . quick you sayin 's I should hide ? sugar no , I be tell you you be gonna hide ' cause if you do not hide , you be gonna die , Quick . 76 continued : cuT to revise a /o March 28 , 1989 78 . 76 sugar and I do not come this far with you so you could wind up dead just to prove you be not no punk . what they gonna put on you tombstone , " die at 27 , but he be not no punk . " ai not nothing cool about die young , Quick . you know who 's cool ? a 89 year old motherfucker who die in he sleep with all he child and grandchild around he . that 's the cool one . I would rather die a happy 89 year old punk than be a dead tough 27 year old . I will not let you do that to yourself . and I be not gonna let you do that to I . ' Cause I wanna be 89 one day and I will not make it if he kill you . they 'il have to kill I too , ' cause I be kill hin . 77 ° int - club the club be in sugar ray 's - night 77 full swing . the band be jumpin’ . bennie have on he glass and be call ’em right . sugar be sit at the table with heavyweight champ , jack jenkins , and some lady . cuT to sugar ( toast ) to Jack Jenkins , the pride of harlem . May you knock that white boy senseless . * jack ( stutter ) uh uh oh , I ’mmo knock he out alrrright . you can believe thththat shshit . 78 .xint - club sugar ray 's - doorway - night 78 cantone and police in doorway . cantone ( walk through room ) alright now , everybody , this be a ( continue ) 78 } continued revise a /o March 28 , 1989 79 . 78 cantone ( cont xd. ) fuckin’ raid . anybody try to leave , I pump one in you ass . everybody be under arrest . please cooperate with the arrest officer so we can get this one do as quickly and easily as possible . stop at sugar 's table . cantone hey Jack Jenkins , my kid love you . shake he head . sugar get up . CUT to 79 what be you do here ? you be * suppose to be training . you gonna be ready for the fight ? * * jack I will be fffine . cantone hey sugar , let 's go talk in you office . can Jack come too ? * cantone motion to jack . c’mon Jack . int - club sugar ray 's ~ ray 's office ~ night 79 cantone hey sugar , where 's that guy Quick that work for you ? sugar oh , Quick ? Quick 's on vacation . be there anything that I have be able to help you with ? cantone well , sugar , this girl who just so happen to go out with a friend of mine be find in my friend 's apart - ment with she head all over the bed - room . Word be the last person with ( continue ) 79 continued : sugar nod yes revise a /o March 30 , 1989 80 . 79 cantone ( cont / die ) she be you boy , Quick . I want to ask what he know . sugar well , I can assure you Quick have nothing to do with that ... God , I wish I know where he be so we could . straighten this out . cantone ( half laugh ) hey Jack , can I have you autograph ? jack I dddo not sign autogagraph . cantone oh sure you do , Jack , or I take you downtown with the rest of this jig and you miss you fight . to jack . he pick you paper and start to write . jack * who I sign it to ? * canto ! make it " to my good friend , phil . " you know sugar , I be not gonna take you down tonight ' cause I want you to try and get in touch with Mr. Quick for I . but ycur place be close for the night . ( look at autograph ) leave . they all leave . hey Jack , phil be with a " p " , not a " F " , ah , what the hell difference do it make to you . as long as you be knockin’ ‘em cut , heh Jack . if you hear anything , let I know , sugar . jack pppunk motherffff .... revise a / of March 30 , 1989 81 . cuT to 80 ext - sugar ray 's sweet shop ~ night 80 sugar and jack jenkins exit . jack fuck ttthat mmm .... ray yeah , I know . jack you mnneed a rrride ? ray look over and see a man stand by a black sedan . ray no , I think I have a ride . jack ( concerned ) '' y¥ you want mmme tto fuck somebody up ? ray no , go on home and get some rest . * I will be alright . jack * okay man ... 7 , t,1,t ... * ray * taxi ! * j&ck * thanks . * a cab pull up . * pry * good night champ . * jack leave . sugar walk up to the car and look inside . bugsy calhoune sit alone in the back . ray Mr. calhoune , how be you ? calhoune get in Ray . ray get in the car and it drive off . 82 . cuut to 81 int - bugsy 's sedan - night * 81 calhoune where 's you boy , Quick ? ray I really do not , man . Quick 's nerve be mess up from people try to kill he , so I give he some time off to relax . calhoune Quick 's nerve be fuck up from people try to kill he ?! I personally know that Quick kill off at least four people last night ; one of whom happen to be a very pretty girl ik now , you would not know a ing about that , would you ? I do not know a mge about that . where have you hear that ? I hear a lot of thing , Ray . I hear you guy aré hurtin’ . my business with you club . ' fhen I hear you do not wanna go into business with I . then I hear you guy go out and buy a bunch of gun and bomb and shit . I hear all this thing and I start to add they up , and you &now what I come up with ? I come up with a smart old man who 's be in this game long enough to know when he run be finish and that it 's time tc leave . and I come up with a dumb ycung hothead son- of - a~bitch who think he 's tough and might wanna start some shit instead of just let thing take they matural course . that 's what I come up with -- a young dumb fuck who 's gonna fuck around and make it two less jig in the world -- one old and one young . now , when you see Quick , I suggest you guy just make plan ( continued ) 83 . 81 continued : 81 calhoune ( cont would . ) to go elsewhere , ' cause I be tired of play around with you jig . and the next time , they might not miss . ( to driver ) stop the car. {to sugar ) now , get the fuck out . 82 ext - STREET - night 82 he let sugar out of the car and he step up on the curb . he take a cigarette out of he holder , light it , take a drag and hail a taxi . ray taxi ! ( never lose he cool ) he get into the cab and ride off . CUT to 83 . int - police precinct - front desk - night 83 sugar ts talk to the desk sargeant . ray I would like to post bail for this people on this list . desk sargeant it 's 125 people here ... yau posting bail on 125 peaple ? ray yes , sir . be there a problem ? sargeant just a minute . the sargeant go in the back . 84 int - police precinct - back room = night 84 sargeant ( to three other cop ) there 's some guy out here who want ( continue ) 84 . 84 continued : ' a4 sargeant ( cont would . ) to post bail on everybody bust at that after hour place . . cop 1 well , who be he ? sargeant I do not know , some fancy color guy . cop 2 he 's probably some nut . tell he what it will cost he and he will probably run off scared . the sargeant come back to the front desk 85 int - police precinct - night sargeant okay , let 's see ... 125 ...0 n a class a misdemeanor , will cost you about seventy - five hundred dollar . ray really , seventy - five hundred dollar , huh ? sargeant ( smile ) yes , really , seventy - five hundred dollar . ray can I use the phone ? sargeant be my quest . ray ( dial a number ) yes , this be sugar . how ya doin 's ? good. listen . can you have about 30 limousine outside the sth pre - cinct to pick up some friend in a hour ? you can ? thanks . sargeant hey , what the fuck be you try to do ? do not I tell you it would ( continue ) revise a /o March 10 , 1989 g 85 continued : 85 ! sargeant ( cont would . ) cost you seventy - five hundred dollar to bail all you people out ?! ray lift he briefcase and put it on the counter , open it . ( it 's fill with neatly stack hundred dollar bill . ) can I have a receipt ? CUT to 86 ext - police precinct - day 86 all the people bail out be get into the limousine . there 's a series of " thanks , sugar , " as they enter they limo . the cop be stand around dumbfounded . sugar , vera and bennie get into the last timo . ray hold the door for vera . . bennie ( to police ) have a nice day gentleman . he get in and close the door . vera rol ) 's down the window . vera ( to police ) kiss my ass . they pull off . CUT to 87 bennie be . apartment - live room - day 87 * bennie , sugar , quick and vera be talk . bennie be proudly explain how cool sugar just be . bennie oh Quick , you shoulda 's see it ! thirty limo full of nigger riding off into the sunset . they white boy do not know what to do with themselves . vera well , you know we can not open up no more . they '1l ] bust we every night behind that shit . ! ae 87 continued get up . 87 bennie and dig this : in every car , sugar have a box of candy with a note , '' sorry for the inconvenience . " good lord ( to sugar ) , you 's a cool , sweet motherfucker , sugar . I love to see shit like that . vera you love to see anything , you blind motherfucker . what you get to eat in the kitchen ? I be hungry as hell . bennie go in and look . I know it 's a couple of can of hash in there . why do not you make we some hash and egg ? vera ( get up ) ya will want something ? quick I be okay . ray I will have some coffee . vera ( leave ) alright . quick so , everybody 's look for I , huh ? ray yeah , but we will be outta here soon enough . we will pull this thing and step . quick everything 's set ? ray man , they be not even gonna know what ( continue ) 87 continued : 87 ray ( cont would . ) hit they . by the time they realize what happen , we will be in Jersey count the money . we split it up and hit the parkway and say goodbye to New York . quick how 's Sunshine doin ' on the pick - up man ? bennie he do propose to she four time already . Said he would leave he wife and kid and convert from Catholic to Baptist . now , you know that 's some mean pussy that make you change god . vera ( 0.s. ) bennie , where be the hash ? bennie ( Calling off ) in the middle cabinet on the third shelf . vera ( 0.s. ) that 's not hash , it 's tuna fish . bennie well shit , make some tuna fish then ! vera ( come in ) you get to do something about they eye , bennie . you get my mouth all ready for hash and egg and you be not get no hash . you can not fuck with I that way ! bennie oh bitch , please ! vera ( go back into kitchen ) ( continue ) 87 continued : 8& 87 vera ( cont would . ) " bitch , please , " my ass ! you want a sandwich ?! bennie if it 's not too much trouble . vera ( 0.5 . ) do not get smart . ( off camera , we hear vera grumble about there not be any hash throughout the scene , ray ( smile to himself ) she 's a sweet old lady . do you ever apologize to she ? quick for what ? ray for shoot she . quick I hear she say she have no hard feeling about that . ray yeah , but I still think she be a little hurt . bennie she still be . I know she do not show how she feel much , but deep down inside she 's really a sweet old woman . vera ( 0.s. ) bennie , why would you put this orange juice in the refrigerator with just a swallow leave in the container ? bennie oh , Vera , leave I the hell alone ! vera ( 0.5 . ) but that do not make no sense . you shoulda 's just finish it . do not ( continue ) revise a /o March 10 , 198939 , 87 continued : 87 j vera ( cont would . ) put it back in the refrigerator with just @ swallow in the container . I get my mouth all set for some orange juice and it 's just a swallow in the container , bennie well , swallow it and shut the fuck up ! ; vera ( 0.s. ) you blind motherfucker ! bennie you fat bitch ! ( to quick ) you really should go talk to she . tell she you be sorry . quick look at ray . ray go ahead man . 3 '' int - bennie' apartment - kitchen - day 88 * quick get up and go into the kitchen . vera be make the tuna fish . vera you want a sandwich , Quick ? quick no , I be okay . you okay ? vera mmm hmm . I just can not stand silly shit like this . ( pour about a half inch of orange juice into a glass . ) now , why do not he just finish that off ? ( put glass on the table ) 89 88 continued : there be a silent beat . he leave . CuT to quick you know , Vera , I never tell you . well , I never tell nobody I be sorry for anything , but I really wish what happen never happen , and I appreciate everything you have ever do for I . and I be sorry . vera well , take you sorry ass back in the live room then and tell sugar to send somebody to get some orange juice . quick ( smile ) yeah , I love you too . vera smile to herself . int - richie vento' HOTEL ropm = night richie vento lie in a bed ang stare at the ceiling . be in the bathroom get do ssed . ichie I think I be falfling in love with you . sunshine oh , richie . richie no , really , nobody 's ever make I feel the way you have . this last couple of day have be the happiest in my life . i'11 do anything for you . i'1l1 leave my wife and kid . I 'l ] give you elverything I own . just do not ever stop ) do what you have be do to I . sunshine ( finish up and get ready to leave ) well , we will sea@ baby . 90 88 vera hide any emotion she might be feel 89 Sunshine 89 continued : 89 she bend over and kiss he / on the face and run she tongue up he cheek . when can I see frome ou again ? sunshine I will be free after the fight tomorrow night ichie qh , tomorrow nitnett bad . I get something to do all night ? sunshine ( kissing he ) richie ( get weak ) between eight and ten . sunshine ( kiss he and speak between word ) well , why do not you do what you have to do , then after you be finish , pick I up . oh wait . at 9:30 . i'11 stop as if she just realize something . I be finish with my work have to stand outside in the cold for a half hour with all y that stuff in what stuff ? 4h do you do anyw I do not know i I do not want y of I . I want to you . bag . richie y , what kinda work y? sunshine ( act ashamed ) I should teil you . u to think different to always seem special there 's nothin richie you could say or do ( continue ) 39 revise a /o March 10 , 1989 92 . continued : 89 riphte ( cont would . ) that would make ybu not special to I . what be it ? sunshine well , ft , I do not know if ... / richie oh , come on . dontt be afraid . what be it ? sunshine well , every month ) I do a number pick - up at one pnece and I drop it off at another thé next day . and I get pay for it richie you be a pick - up girl ? sunshine ( mock shame ) I know you would hate|me . maybe I should just leave . richie hey , do not be ridficulous ... one day I will tell you what I do and we will both sit back and|laugh about this . sunshine I be so glad you be not angry . you * know , I really should not stand on the corner for a half | hour by myself with all that stuff . aybe we should just get together somejother time . richie ( think to himself ) well listen , where will you be at 9:30 ? sunshine well , my pick - up fs on lenox Avenue . richie well , you meet maj at 9:30 on the corner of lenox and 110th Street . * | revise a / of March 29 , 1989 93. 89 continued : 89 ' sunshine what about what you have to do between eight and ten o'clock ? richie do not worry about it . 1/11 pick you up along the way . sunshine oh , will you ?! jump up and start kissing he richie ( love it ) sinshine and you know what I do and you still want to see I ? okay , okay . richie nod yes . sunshine ( hugging he ) oh , richie , I be go happy . you know , I have to admit I be intimidate by you when I first meet you and when we make love I hold back . but , now that I have open up to you and tell the truth about myself , I just want to be completely free and do any and everything you want I to . she kiss he passionately . richie oh god . sunshine ( kiss ) I ' 1l see you tomorrow . richie ( kiss ) nine-thirty . sunshine ( kiss ) lenox and 110th . * she stand and walk to the dogr , then turn to he . ( continued ) 90 revise a /o March 10 , 1989 gq . 89 continued : 8g | sunshine I think I be fall in love with you . she wipe away a invisible tebr and walk away . richie sit up on the bed and pick up the phone . he dial a number . we hear the sound of phone ringing and a child 's voice say hello . richie hello , it 's daddy . voice hi , daddy . ichie hey darling , put mommy on the phone . female voice hello . richie yeah Barbara , richie . yeah , lookit , I be not never comin ' home no more . CUT to - early morning int - bugsy calhoune's penthouse - early morning 90 bugsy calhoune be penthouse be high above Manhattan . bugsy be get he finger and hair do while he house boy be serve coffee . calhoune be meeting with phil cantone . * cantone he bail out everybody we bust . and then the son-of -a-bitch have car chauffer everybody home . calhoune what about Quick ? still have not be see , huh ? cantone no , he have not be on the street at all , but he will turn up eventually . ( continue ) 90 91 92 revise a /o March 30 , 1989 95 . continued : 90 cantone ( cont have . ) but for the time be , sugar Ray 's * be close down . calhoune I want it close dewn permanently . cuut to ext - sugar ray 's sweet shop - day 91 Fire truck line up the street . the shop be smoking from the fire that 's just be put out . sugar 's car pull up . ray hop out and look at he place . he go inside . CUT to int - club sugar ray 's ~ day 92 the place be ruin . everything be burn . Water drip everywhere . ray be stand in the middle amidst the burnt building . never lose he cool , he take out a cigarette and light it . just as he do , phil cantone walk through the door . cantone what the hell hanpen here ? walk toward ray ( continue ) what , you guy have a little fire or something ? Jesus , I hope nobody be hurt . you alright , Ray ? ray oh , I be fine ...just ... just get a lot on my mind ... " ell , Mr. Officer cantone , tell you friend he win . cantone you do not think my friend have yn anything to do with this , do you ? ret 2 no , you just have some bad luck , lo yor *. that 's all . this have be a be / bad luck week for you , Ray . you i place get bust and then it burn down all in the same week . I will leave you alone . I do not wanna bother you while you be think . ( continue ) revise a /o March 29 , 1989 96 . 92 continued : 92 cantone . ( continue ) ( leave ) oh , thank the champ for that auto - graph and wish he luck for I tonight , okay ... hey ... sugar , okay ? ray ( distract ) okay . ( waving he on . ) okay . cuT to 93 int - ritzy brownstone - night 93 ray , quick , vera , sunshine , bennie , willie , jerome , and jimmy be around the table in the dining room . ray so , what 's what ? sunshine . he 'il pick I up at the corner of 110th and lenox at nine-thirty . ray Jimmy , can you do the light on that corner ? jimmy yeah , that 's no problem . we just do not wanna hold it up too long . the cop will show up for sure . ray we will have the car there as soon as it happen . then you can put traffic back to normal . how we doin’ on the police car ? jerome we convert the Ford perfect . only person that could tell it be a fake be a real cop . 94 93 continued : quick and everything be set to go on calhoune 's club too . bennie good . everybody meet on Route 9 in Jersey at the holiday suite , room 108 , at ten-thirty . and we will do the split there . everyone in room hey , double check that . do not have we at the wrong place . you sure that 's what it say , bennie ? ( etc ... ) vera it 's right . it 's right . he memorize it this time . ext - madison square garden ( 1938 ) - night establishing shot of madison square garden cuT to 97 . 93 94 95 96 97 int - madison square garden - night it 's fight night . the place be pack . bugsy calhoune be sit ringside with goons on each side of he . announcer lady and gentleman , and now for the main event . Fighting out of Ireland , weigh it at 250 pound , the irish Iron man , Michael kirkpatrick ! Shots of the crowd . the crowd , which be predominantly white , burst into a thunderous applause . b.0 . announcer announcer and fight out of harlem , New York , weigh in at 220 pound , the heavy - weight champion of the world , Jack jenkin ! 95 96 97 98 . . 98 8.0 . crowd 98 C the crowd sit motionless . about three or four people out of the 20,000 attend can barely be hear clap . announcer let 's get ready to rumble ! thunderous applause again . cuT to 9 & ext - club pitty PAT - night 99 people be enter . CUT to 100 int - club pitty PAT - night to the. club 's in full swing . two black man be stand by the crap table . one be look at he watch , the other be hold a briefcase . the time read 9:15 . he pull he pistol and fire it into the ceiling four time as the other man push he briefcase under a crap table . the people be run out of the club like mad man . the two man run out as well . — CUT to 101 ext - club pitty PAT - night 101 people be run out of the front door . suddenly 102 ext - club pitty PAT - night 102 there be a huge explosion blow the window out of the building . slash CUT to 103 ° int - madison square garden - night 103 irish iron man be crash in the face . CUT to 104 bugsy calhoune grimace . 104 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 harlem night revise a / of May 3 , 1989 continued : calhoune it do not look like he 's tryin' to throw this thing to I ! CUT to ext - calhoune 's on the park - night explosion . slash CUT to ext - a bugsy night club - night explosion . slash CUT to omit CUT to int - madison square garden - night irish iron man ' S face be full of blood and jack jenkins be relentlessly beat the shit out of he . cut to bugsy - night bugsy what the fuck be go on ? cuT to ext - alley - night richie vento be sit in a black sedan with he trunk open . the car be run . a huge goon come out and put a duffel 99 . bag in the trunk and close it . he signal to richie , hit the back of the car , and richie drive off . he look at he watch , it 's nine-twenty . richie ( to himself ) Sunshine ! 104 105 106 107 110 revise a /o March 28 , 1989 99a . * we watch as richie drive to he rendezvous with cantone cautiously follow . cuT to ! 110a ext STREET - night 110 ) — we see richie 's car come out of the alley . it turn and head off down the street . 110b angle on another sedan 1108 a nondescript car be park on the street as richie pass . 110 c int . car - night 1loc it be cantone . he watch richie come out of the alley and drive past . he put out he cigarette , smile to himself , start the car and follow he . 110d ext . street of harlem - night llop revise a / of March 28 , 1989 100 . CUT to 111 ext - lenox avenue & 110 th STREET - night 111 sunshine on street corner with a duffel bag look drop-dead gorgeous across the street . at the other corner , we see quick and sugar sit in the fake police car . cuT to 112 ext - lenox avenue - night 112 richie vento turn onto lenox Avenue . cuT to 113 int - madison square garden - night 113 jack jenkins be still do massive work on kirkpatrick . cuT to 114 ext - lenox avenue and 110 th STREET - night 114 richie vento see sunshine on the corner . she wave . he pull up . richie hello , darling deah . sunshine hey , sweet daddy . richie ( motion to bag ) that 's a lot of number deah , baby . sunshine I know . throw they in the trunk for I daddy . richie get out of he car and open the trunk and throw the duffel bag in the back , right next to he duffel bag . he open the door for sunshine and start to drive through the intersection . CUT to revise a /o March 28 , 1989 101 . 115 ext . - intersection - night 115 jimmy watch the whole thing take place . the traffic light be green . he look over at vera and bennie and nod . just before richie hit the intersection , jimmy press the button on the small box in he hand . the light go red and bennie and vera broadside richie 's car . richie what the fuck ! richie see the police car on the corner . richie oh , Jesus deah ! quick and sugar pull up and get out of the car . vera be scream . bennie be bitching . between the accident , the scream , and the realization that there be number and half a million dollar in he trunk - not to mention the cop ( quick and sugar ) - richie be pretty flustered . quick ( to richie ) you be in a lot of trouble buddy . richie that light be green , officer . ray no sir , the light be red . but run that light and crash this people be the least of you problem . richie what do you mean ? quick you know who you just pick up ? richie look at sunshine . ray that 's the biggest heroin trafficker * in harlem . we have be tracking she all night . she just put forty pound of smack in you trunk . ( continued ) 115 continued : revise a /o March 28 , 1989 102 . 115 richie heroin ?! quick step out of the car , sir . richie i but ... ray step out of the car , please . they begin to frisk they both . sunshine ( to richie ) I be sorry , I be sorry richie . quick yep ! Lady heroin , we finally get you ass and you boy too . well , y’all be both go away for a very very long time . richie hey , wait a minute . wait a minute . I '' not she boy ! I just meet she this week ! ray yeah , right , right . you have the right to remain silent .... richie ( whisper ) wait a minute man . do you guy work under phil cantone ? quick you mean sargeant cantone ? * richie * ( momentarily relieved ) * yeah . he 's a friend of mine . * ray * we do not give a shit . he be not * nothin’ in this precinct . * ( continued ) 115 continued : revise a /o March 28 , 1989 102a . ! 115 richie ( scared ) yeah , but ... quick we be gonna take you ass in , now . cantone or no cantone . ( continued ) 115 revise a / of March 28 , 1989 103 . * continued : 115 quick go behind the car , open the trunk and look into the duffel bag . it 's fill with neat stack of hundred dollar bill . he take the bag out and walk back up to the front of the car to ray . they start to handcuff richie when the flash light and siren burst from another cop car stop they . ray and quick exchange a look . angle on second police car the new cop car swing around and stop directly in front of ray and quick and richie . two white detective step out and approach they . detective hogan ( flash he badge ) whaddya get , Officer ? ray ( nervous ) Big score with Lady heroin and she boyfriend here . detective sim ( look at richie ) this guy ? richie ( happy to see white cop ) listen . please . could I talk to you for a second , detective ? detective hogan what be this , confession ? quick everything 's under control , detective . I think we can handle it . detective sim ( to Quick ) relax , boy . you be a little out of you territory here , so just cool it . sim take a couple of step to the side . then he turn and wave richie over to he . detective sim ( to richie ) c’mere . angle on richie and sim richie break Ray 's hold on he and move over to sim . ( continued ) 115 continued : revise a /o March 28 , 1989 103a . 11 richie ( whisper ) you know cantone , right ? detective sim of course . we work under cantone . richie ( relieved ) then tell this jig to get the fuck outta here . I be makin 's a run : for bugsy , for chrissake . detective sim ( nonchalant ) why do not you say so ? angle on ray and quick and detective hogan . sim walk back to the group ahead of richie . detective sim ( point to hogan ) detective , we be gonna take the girl in . let this guy go about he business . quick ( get hot ) Excuse I , detective . first of all , this be we collar . and second of all , he 's a accessory . now we be gonna ... detective hogan ( cut he off ) ... you be gonna do nothing . we will take it from here . thank you very much , Officer . ray ( apparently nervous ) but she 's get a bag full of heroin in the back of he car . why do not you let we ... sim ( very strong , to Ray ) take off , pal . narcotics division will handle this . go write parking ticket uptown where you belong . angle on white cop ( continued ) 115 revise a /o March 28 , 1989 103b . * continued : 115 with Ray and Quick ook on helplessly , hogan take Sunshine and the duffel bag from Quick . richie get back in the car . they then put Sunshine and the duffel bag in the white cop 's car . angle on richie richie oh Jesus , thanks . you guy save my ass on this one . detective hogan just get outta here , and stay outta trouble . richie ( bring he closer ) listen , maybe you ought to give the jig something to ... he reach into he pocket and take out a hundred dollar bill . detective hogan ( take the bill ) whaddya crazy ? they should be happy they get a fuckin’ blue suit to wear . do not worry about it . richie start the car and drive off . angle on white cop 's police car hogan walk back to they car . detective hogan ( to Ray and Quick ) sorry , boy . that 's the way it be . quick ( piss ) shit . the white cop drive off in they car . angle on ray and quick Ray and Quick be stand there with nothing to show for the whole set up . quick now what . ( continued ) 115 115 a revise a / of June 16 , 1989 103c . continued : 115 } ray ( cool ) we fold we tent and leave like thief in the night . quick ( go to the car ) shit ! angle on vera Vera back up she car and put it into first gear . vera you guy be beautiful . bennie ( from inside the car ) shut up , Vera , and drive . and do not hit nobody . vera I be not blind like you mother fucker . I can see . angle on ray and quick 's car . Ray and Quick get into the car . they back it around and head for the west side . high wide angle of intersection the camera pull back as Ray and Quick drive off . we see cantone 's car sit halfway up the block . he have be watch the whole thing . he start he engine , turn on he light , and pull out . he slowly drive off after Ray and Quick 's car . int . ray and quick 's car - night 115a Ray and Quick be proceeding west . quick Ray , I do not like the cop take Sunshine and the money . ray I tell you . stay cool . quick yeah , okay . ray do not worry . we be gonna do it my way . now keep cool . ( continued ) 115 a revise a / of June 16 , 1989 103d .* cuT to ext - alley - night 115a the police car turn into the alley and drive down to a door midway . the sign above the door read " bank . " sugar and quick look around , fumble with the door a little , open it , and enter . back on entrance of same alley cantone 's car drive up and park behind the police car . he get out , look at the sign , take out he gun and go in . cuT to int ~- bank - night cantone cautiously walk into the room , look around and see the bank vault door ... it be open . he walk up to the door and step into the room , gun extend . he find quick and sugar stand and look at hin . cantone ( smile ) maybe you guy can clear something up for I . I mean , I think you might pull something , that 's why I follow vento tonight . and I gotta tell ya , the whole thing be go pretty cute till some real boy show up and spoiled it for you guy . you do the right thing just let they go and not try to start any shit . but the one thing I can not figure out for the life of I be why the fuck you guy would break into a bank that 's be close for five year . quick look at ray . quick ( to Ray ) May I ? ray please do . quick well , first of all , we know with richie do such a big pick - up bugsy would have he number one hoy tailing he just to make sure notn ( continued ) revise a / of June 16 , 1989 103e .* 115a continued : 115 a quick happen . and the cop that stop we , you win some , you lose some . but as far as we break into the bank that 's be close for five year , we be not make a withdrawal , we be make a deposit . cantone what 's that suppose to mean ? ray it mean put the gun down . cuT to cantone face we hear the sound of gun be cocked behind he . he turn around , only to see sugar 's boy point the gun at he . jimmie , willie , jerome ( in unison ) surprise !!! ( a la surprise party ) cuT to int ~- bank vault - night cantone be tie to a chair in the center . ray we will call the police on Monday and let they know you be in here . cantone hey sugar , this thing do not have that much air in they ! ray oh , do not worry . Jimmy estimate that you can stay - in here a couple o’ day before you run out of oxygen . you be estimate 's pretty accurate be not it timmy ? jimmy give or take a couple of hour . ( continued ) 115a continued : revise a / of June 16 , 1989 1o3f .* 115a , ray ( to cantone as he and the boy be leave ) see , give or take a couple o’ hour . cantone ( just as Ray get to the door ) hey Ray , I might see you again . ray could be .... goodnight . vault door close in cantone 's face . revise a / of March 29 , 1989 104 . * 116 int - madison square garden - night 116 } iron man kirkpatrick hit the canvas . ' calhoune — knockout ! a fuckin’ knockout !!! with the money I lose tonight I be not gonna win shit . after I pay off this bet , I nil he even money . shit , what the hell be that about ? a man walk up to bugsy and whisper in he ear . calhoune what ?! cuT to 117 int - bugsy 's penthouse - night 117 bugsy be sit around with some of he boy . calhoune I wanna know who order this hit . tony we speak to the other family . everyhody be claim they know nothing about it . leoni . what about the club owner , sugar Ray , - and he guy ? calhoune what , be you fuck crazy ?! he 's a fuckin’ dance hall runner . somebody hit all of my place at the same time ! and it be not no fuckin’ jig ! and where the hell be cantone when I need he ?! a man poke he head through the door . man bug , richie 's here . calhoune let he in . the man leave . ( continued ) 117 revise a /o March 29 , 1989 105 . * continued : 117 '' calhoune I wanna get to the bottom of this thing tonight . richie vento come in hold the bag . richie hey , what 's with all the sad face ? calhoune just give I the money and get the fuck out . richie walk over and hand he the bag . calhoune look in and slap richie . calhoune what the fuck be this ? richie what ? calhoune where 's my money ? he pour the content of the bag on the table . richie ( see the packet ) they take the wrong bag ! ( continued ) revise a /o April 10 , 1989 106 . 117 continued : 117 } tony what no they look like ? richie it be two color cop first , and then two of cantone 's man show up . they be the one who ; * have the bag . tony it do not make sense . calhoune I wanna know what 's go on . the same people that hit my spot probably hit richie . someone get cantone on the phone right away . one of the guy pick up the phone and begin to dial . tony yeah , but it do not figure . why would they steal you money and leave this dope behind ? why would not they take the heroin ? calhoune you give a million dollar of * my money to a couple of cop for a bag of heroin ?! slap he again . calhoune poke he finger in the bag and taste the powder . calhoune this be not heroin ... it 's sugar . he look at tony . richie sugar ?! calhoune that son-of -a-bitch . man on phone ( to calhoune ) there 's no answer , he must not be in . the doorbell ring and calhoune motion for one of the guy to answer it . ( continued ) 117 continued : vera come revise a / of March 28 , 1989 107 . * 117 one of calhoune 's boy it 's a woman name Vera . say she work for Ray . calhoune let she in . into the room . she appear very upset . vera Mr. calhoune , I be so sorry . I just want you to know I have nothing to do with any of this . calhoune why do not you have a seat ? vera ( sit down ) I would have warn you , Mr. calhoune , but sugar would have kill I . his son shot I once you know . calhoune yes , I understand , miss ... vera Walker . Vera Walker . calhoune ( to one of he boy ) hey , Mick , get miss Walker something to drink . vera I just want you to know I have nothing to do with it . I be not no thief . I be a honest ho and all my hos be honest and we do not want no part of this thing from the beginning . but they make we keep quiet . I tell you , I would have warn you , but I know they would have kill I . I do not want no trouble . ( continued ) harlem night 117 ) continued : revise a / of May 3 , 1989 108 . 117 tony there 's not gonna be any trouble , miss Walker . nobody 's gonna get hurt . calhoune no , nobody be gonna hurt you . in fact , you might be of some assis - ~ tance to we . vera well , anything I can do to help I ’1ll do , ' cause I do not want no trouble . calhoune * well , all of this do not happen too long ago . maybe you could help we locate Mr. Ray and Mr. Quick . vera they be at Ray 's house . but please do not tell they I tell you . TI do not want no more trouble . I just wanna go about my business . I do not want to have nobody after I . I be a old woman . I can not take all this fight and shoot and mess no more , calhoune * well , do not worry , mar ‘am , you do the right thing . we will see to it you have no more problem . in fact , tony , write my number * down . if you ever have any * problem , you call I . you see , you do right by we -- we do right by you . vera ( get up ) well , thank you , sir . ( to calhoune ) and thank you , sir . calhoune someone show miss Walker out . ( continued ) 117 continued : revise a / of March 28 , 1989 109 . * 117 vera ( leave ) good night . calhoune ( put on he jacket ) why do not we pay Mr. Ray and Mr. Quick a visit . tony you know , I be just go to make the same suggestion . revise a / of March 28 , 1989 110 . 117a ext . ray 's brownstone - night 1172 calhoune 's limo pull up in front of Ray 's brownstone . after some henchmen get out and see that the coast be clear , bugsy get out of the car and they go up to the door , 117b int . ray 's brownstone - night 117e bugsy 's man gain easy access to the brownstone . once inside , the place appear to be empty except that they hear a radio come from the live room on the second floor . 117c int . hallway - night 117 '' bugsy and he man cautiously make they way to the live room door . it be ajar . angle on door bugsy push the door open , the radio be on and the room be empty . they go in . 117d int . live room - night 117c at * the far end of the room cantone appear to be seat in a chair listen to the radio . tony hey , boss , it 's cantone . bugsy ( call to he ) phil ! angle on cantone there be no response . bugsy indicate that one of he man should go over and check it out . when they do , they see that it be only cantone 's hat and overcoat propped up in the easy chair . bugsy this be a setup . cantone 's dead . closeup - phone the phone ring . tony be about to answer it . bugsy ( yell ) no ! we rig that phone , you jerkoff . the phone continue to ring . leoni step out into the hall to check the rest of the house . ( continued ) 117d 117e revise a /o March 28 , 1989 110a . * continued : 117 bugsy nobody touch anything . I gotta figure this out . I gotta figure out the right move , bugsy walk over to the phone and inspect it . angle on phone he see a wire come out of the phone and disappear under the rug . angle on room bugsy follow the path of the wire until it reappear from under the rug and lead to the doorjamb . angle on door bugsy see that the door be rig , not the phone . at that moment leoni come back into the room and close the door . bugsy ( terrify ) no ! do not close ... leoni close the door before bugsy can warn he . ext . ray 's brownstone - night 117e the brownstone blows up . scene 118 through 121 omitted . 121 al22 revise a /o June 12 , 1989 will ext . holiday suite - night ) establish shot int . - holiday suite , route 9 , new jersey ~- night everyone be sit around , worried . bennie you think something go wrong ? it 's twelve o'clock . there be a knock at the door . Sunshine be stand there with the two white police officer . there be a strange moment and everyone exchange look . cop # 1 ( he serious face suddenly warming up ) sorry we be late . cop # 2 get catch in traffic . one of the cop hand sugar Ray the duffel bag . ray how would it go ? cop # 2 we just dumped the cop car a half hour ago . it could not have be smoother . everyone applaud . ray alright , alright . let 's split ' this stuff and pat ourselves on the back tomorrow . CUT to : ext - holiday suite , route 9 , new jersey - night parking lot willie , jerome , and jimmy be drive off . sugar be give he farewell . annie be sit in the back of sugar 's car . ( continued ) li . * 121* al22* + oe of * * + oe ok ok 122 revise a / of June 12 , 1989 111a . continued : 122 j willie ( in he car ) hey sugar , where you gonna go ? sugar I do not know . we be not make up we i mind yet . i willie . well , listen man , I be go south . let I give you a number ... sugar no man , no number . I do not wanna know where any of y’all be ... case anybody need to find you . be you hip ? willie ( understanding ) yeah man , I be hip . hey man , y’all take care of yourselves . off camera we hear vera 's voice . vera sugar , let 's go ! sugar I be comin’ . he give he friend a pound ( slap he five ) and Willie drive off . sugar walk over to he car . bennie and quick and the white cop be stand on the driver 's side . vera be walk up from the hotel bicker . annie be in the back seat . sugar ( to white cop , shaking they hand ) thanks a lot guy . do not spend it all in one place . white cop walk off . vera shit . let 's get move y’all , before somebody come limping up here look for we . 112 122 . continued : ! 122 quick and bennie be look at the New York skyline from where they be stand . at this point , bennie , quick , sugar and vera be all stand by open car door . : sugar ( look at the city ) I be sure gonna miss that place . y'all know we can not never come back . quick New York be not the only city in the world . we will just start all over again . ray yeah , but there be not nothin ' like harlem . bennie you be not lie , sugar . ( turn around ) let I look at it one more time . vera ( get in the car ) do not waste you time . get you blind ass in the car . bennie ( get in the car ) bitch , I will kick you ass . we hear bennie and vera bicker quick ( to Ray ) so where you wanna go , pop ? ray well son , we get a tank full of gas ... quick and a trunk full of money . that sound like a sweet combination to I . ray yep , sweet as sugar .... they exchange smile , get in the car , and head down the highway as we roll credit and go to the mother fuckin ' bank .