3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt " harold and maude " by Colin higginsharold and maude fade in : int . the chasen be den - day the camera be at floor level . a young man enter but we see only he shoe and the cuff of he pants . we track with he as he walk across the room and stop at a record player . pause . we hear a record drop and begin play a light classical melody . the superimposed title begin . after a moment the foot move off and we track with they , past a low table , and around a couch to the window curtain . the foot pause there for a moment . a piece of heavy window cord drop into frame . we follow as it be drag along to the low table . then the foot move over to a large ornate desk . the cord be pull up out of frame . pause . the foot walk over to a chair by the wall . it be pick up , carry to the center of the room , and carefully place . pause . the foot get up onto the chair and the camera rise to they level . they shuffle about for a moment . at a appropriate musical break the credit stop . suddenly the foot knock over the chair and drop into space . they kick about for a bit , then go slack and still . the final credit be supere over the suspend appendage while the music come to a lilt conclusion . as we hear the record player turn itself off , the camera begins a half circle tour around the hang foot and stop at the heel . pause . outside we hear a woman 's footstep approach and we change focus as the door to the de open . through the blurred hang foot we see a tall , middle - age , fashionably dress woman enter and we pan with she as she walk to the desk . this be mrs . chasen . she seem rather tired and preoccupy as she begin to remove she long white glove . slowly the camera begins a vertical rise up the side of the hang corpse until we be watch Mrs. chasen over he leave shoulder . the rope and he stretch neck frame the right side of the screen . we hold . Mrs. chasen put down she glove and look up . ( note : the above be all one continuous shot . ) CUT to : int . den - day closeup of Mrs. chasen as she first see the body . she be slightly startle . int . den - mrs . chasen be Pov - day a long shot of the room where harold , a young man of about twenty , hang suspend from the ceiling with the curtain rope tie about he grotesquely break neck . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 1/105 3/6/12 4 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt int . den - medium shot - mrs . chasen - day she stare at the body for several beat and then with weary exasperation sit down at the desk and dial the telephone . as she wait for a answer , she look up at the hang body . mrs . chasen I suppose you think this be very funny , harold . closeup harold the rope choke he throat ; he eye bulge ; he tongue hang out . mo . shot - mrs . chasen her party answer and she speak into the phone . mrs . chasen hello . fay , darling . be a dear and cancel my appointment with rene this afternoon . yes , I know he will be furious , but I have have the most try day , and with guest come this evening ... would you ? oh , that 's sweet . tell he I promise to be in Tuesday ... for a rinse . thank you , fay . you be a darling . yes . yes . bye . she replace the receiver , stand up , take she purse and glove , and leave the room , say : mrs . chasen dinner at eight , harold ... at the door she stop and turn . mrs . chasen and try to be a little more vivacious . closeup harold Quick cut of he ashen face as we hear the door close . int . dine room - night Mrs. chasen be seat at the head of the table entertaining eight to ten guest . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 2/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt they be all in evening clothes and be laugh as Mrs. chasen in a dress of white ostrich feather continue a witty story . mrs . chasen needless to say , the first time i happen I be absolutely abash . I be so shook I need three tranquilizers to calm I down . well , you can imagine . suicide note all over the house - " Goodbye , " " farewell , " " arrivederci . " other child pretend to run away from home , but harold - he 's so dramatic . everyone laugh . the camera begins pulling back and panning past the guest till we come to harold sit morosely at the other end of the table . he listlessly toy with he food as he mother continue . mrs . chasen of course , harold 's father have a similar sense of the absurd . I remember once in Paris he step out for cigarettes and the next I hear he 's arrest for float nude down the seine - experiment in river current with a pair of yellow rubber water wing . well , that cost quite a little bit of " enfluence " and " d'argent " to hush up , I can tell you . harold , dear , stop play with you food . do not you feel well ? harold ( look up and pause ) I have a sore throat . mrs . chasen well , I want you to go to bed directly after dinner . you know how susceptible you be to cold . harold have always be a delicate child . even as a baby he seem to be abnormally prone to illness - harold , dear , eat up you beet ... 9 closeup - harold he begin eat as he mother go on . mrs . chasen ( 0.s. ) I remember when we be in Tokyo haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 3/105 , 3/6/12 10 12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt I have to call my brother Victor at the embassy for a doctor . he be serve there as Army attaché ... fade out . fade in : int . mrs . chasen' bedroom - night Mrs. chasen sit before she vanity table , hum to herself as she ready herself for bed . she wear a night - — gown , a cover for she hair , and she have just finish put on several different face creams . she get up , walk over to the bathroom , and open the door . blood be everywhere -- on the wall , the floor , the mirror - and in the tub be harold , he throat slit and he wrist drip blood onto the razor on the tile floor . the effect be one of instant shock . Mrs. chasen scream and back up in horror . sob hysterically , she clutches she robe about she and rush from the room cry . mrs . chasen oh ! no ! oh ! no ! I can not stand it . my God ! this be too much . this be too much to bear ! the camera watch Mrs. chasen run off and then swing back to harold in the tub . closeup - harold we hold on he wretch face as he mother 's hysterical cry be hear in the background . harold move he head and listen . he break into a sly , satisfied grin . int . psychiatrist's office - day harold be lie on a couch , perfectly relaxed . the psychiatrist , less so , be seat by he . psychiatrist tell I , harold , how many of this , eh , suicide have you perform ? harold ( pause ) a accurate number would be difficult to gauge . psychiatrist and why be that ? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 4/105 3/6/12 13 14 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold well , some work out better than other - some have to be abandon in the plan stage - do you include the first time ? - then there 's the question of maim ... psychiatrist just give I a rough estimate . harold well , a rough estimate ... I would say fifteen . psychiatrist Fifteen . harold a rough estimate . psychiatrist and be they all do for you mother 's benefit ? harold ( thoughtful pause ) I would not say " benefit . " psychiatrist no , I suppose not . how do you feel about you mother ? insert - stock a giant steel ball on a demolition crane crash into a brick wall collapse it with much noise and dust . dissolve to : ext . the chasen poolside - day Mrs. chasen deck out in a fashionable black bikini , crazy glass , and a enormous sun hat , walk down the garden step to the pool . over this and the end of the above we hear she voice . mrs . chasen ( v.o. ) hello , fay , darling . be a absolute dear and cancel my appointment with rene this afternoon . oh , I know , but Wednesday morning would be so much more convenient . oh , you be a angel . yes . yes . bye . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 5/105 3/6/12 15 16 17 18 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Mrs. chasen have now reach the poolside . as she walk around it we pan with she and discover harold , fully clothed , float face downward on the still surface . Mrs. chasen do not see he and walk into the pool house . int . pool house - day Mrs. chasen walk down the step of the pool house and over to the bar . behind the bar be a underwater view window into the pool . she stop and look up through the window . mrs . chasen' Pov through the window we see harold , drown and bug-ey , float on the surface . mo . shot - mrs . chasen Mrs. chasen sigh , yank a cord , and the venetian blind come noisily down cut off harold from view . int . psychiatrist's office - day harold be lie on the couch . harold ( a reason assessment ) I do not think I be get through to mother like I use to . psychiatrist do that worry you ? harold ( pause ) yes . it do . psychiatrist why ? harold I put a lot of effort into this thing . psychiatrist ah , yes . harold and a lot of time . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 6/105 , 3/6/12 19 20 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt psychiatrist I be sure . but what else do you do with you time ? do you go to school ? harold no . psychiatrist what about the draft ? harold my mother speak to my uncle Victor . he 's in the Army and he fix it up . psychiatrist oh . well , how do you spend you day ? harold you mean when I be not work on a ... psychiatrist yes . what kind of thing do you do ? ext . automobile junkyard - day crane , auto smasher , bulldozer , and mountain of rusting car and other junk . very noisy and very fast cut . a little essay on destructive machinery at work with harold look on in rapture . int . psychiatrist's office - day psychiatrist I see . junkyard . what be the fascination there ? harold I do not know . psychiatrist be it the machine ? the noise ? the people ? harold no . it 's the junk . I like to look at junk . psychiatrist what else do you like ? harold pause . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 7/105 3/6/12 21 22 23 24 25 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt insert - stock a giant steel ball crash into a building . we watch it fall noisily into dust and rubble . int . psychiatrist's office - day psychiatrist that 's very interesting , harold , and I think very illuminative . there seem to be a definite pattern emerge . ( take copious note ) you fondness for useless machine and demolition seem indicative of you present emotional state , you self - destructive urge and you alienation from the regular social interaction . what do you think ? and of course this pattern once isolate can be cope with . recognize the problem and you be half way on the road to its solution . but tell I , what do you do for fun ? what activity give you a different sense of enjoyment than the other ? what do you find fulfil ? what give you that certain satisfaction ? harold I go to funeral . ext . cemetery - long shot - day show a small group of mourner around a grave . a nearby bench by a tree be empty . the coffin be slowly be lower into the ground . ext . cemetery - day closer shot of the mourner sobbing and the priest pray - ing . we come to harold who have a look of gentle fascina - tion . the service be conclude . harold look up across the grave . a hundred yard away on the cemetery bench sit a old woman eat a tangerine . this be maude . harold stare at she . she seem to be have some kind of happy picnic . she look over towards he . he quickly return he attention to the burial . ext . chasen home - day Mrs. chasen open the front door and be say farewell to haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 8/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt two lady friend , the same kind of chic sophisticate as she be . just then a hearse pull into the driveway pass they , and park by the garage . the two woman be somewhat stunne . harold get out of the hearse and go into the backyard . the two woman look to Mrs. chasen for some explanation . Mrs. chasen smile lamely . 26 int . chasen be den - day Mrs. chasen be address a seat and mute harold . mrs . chasen why you purchase that monstrous thing be totally beyond I . you can have any car you want - a porsche , a jaguar , a nice little mg roadster - but that ugly , black horror be a eyesore and a embarrassment . really , harold , you be no longer a child . it 's time for you to settle down and stop flitting away you talent on this amateur theatrics - you little " divertissement " - no matter how psychologically purging they may be . I do not know what to do . 27 insert - closeup of uncle victor - left profile uncle victor I would put he in the Army , helen . 28 int . chasen be den - day Mrs. chasen continue . mrs . chasen go have a talk with you uncle Victor . perhaps he can fathom you . after all , he be General Bradley 's right hand man . 29 int . victor' office - day uncle victor , a bluff , hearty , totally military man , be a one star general with a amputate right arm . harold sit before he . uncle victor harold , you mother have brief I on you situation and there be no doubt in my mind of the requisite necessary action . if it be up to haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 9/105 3/6/12 30 he pull he lanyard , haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt I I would process you file and ship you off to boot camp tomorrow . you mother , however , be adamant . she do not want you in the Army and insist on my hold on to you draft record . but what do you say , harold ? ( he begin a sell job ) it 's a great life . action ! adventure ! advise . see war - firsthand ! plenty of slant - eye girl . it will make a man out of you , harold . you will travel the world . put on the uniform and take on a man 's job . walk tall ! - with a glint in you eye , a spring in you step , and the knowledge in you heart that you be - ( he gesture to a poster of bullet - — blaze Marines ) - work for peace , and - be serve you country . he stop before a poster of Nathan hale with a noose he neck . uncle victor ( continue ) like Nathan hale . that 's what this country need - more Nathan hale . uncle victor ( softly ) and , harold , I think I can see a little Nathan hale in you . chasen' den - day mrs . chasen I only have a few minute , harold , but I do want to inform you of my decision . there be no doubt that it be time for you to settle down and begin think about you future . you have lead a very carefree , idle , happy life up to the present - the life of a child . but it be time now to put away childish thing and take on adult haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt about activate some weird mechanism which snap up he empty sleeve into a natty salute . a pause . the sleeve smartly refold and he turn to harold . chasen be go out , but she come in to talk to harold . 10/105 3/6/12 31 32 33 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay . txt responsibility . we would all like to sail through life with no think of tomorrow . but that cannot be . we have we duty . we obligation . we principle . in short , harold , I think it be time you get marry . int . church - day pan down from the stain glass window of a church . the organ be play softly . the priest , a silver haire man rapidly approach dotage , be in the pulpit . priest and so dear brethren , let we pray to the Lord , King of glory , that he may bless and deliver all soul of the faithful depart from the pain of hell and the bottomless pit , deliver they from the lion 's mouth and the darkness therein , but rather bring they to the bliss of heaven , the holy light , and eternal rest . during the above we pull back to reveal a open coffin and a church spreckle with a few mourner in black . con - spicuous in a empty pew be harold . the priest go to the altar and mumble the dull ritual . the small congregation respond . harold sit quietly enjoy it all . voice ( o.s. ) psst ! harold , startle , look over to he leave . harold Pov a pixiesque old woman , somewhat eccentrically dress , be smile at he . it be maude again . closeup harold frown slightly , harold turn back front . maude psst . harold look back . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 14/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt 34 harold Pov maude give he a coquettish wink . 35 closeup harold harold be slightly shocked . he return he attention to the altar . 36 mo . shot - priest the priest moan on . 37 mo . shot - harold harold sit attentively . voice ( o.s. ) psst ! harold , startle , look over he right shoulder and see maude kneel in the pew behind he . she speak with a slight british / european accent . maude like some licorice ? she offer some . harold eh , no . thank you . maude you be welcome . ( gesture to the decease ) do you know he ? harold eh , no . maude I neither . I hear he be eighty year old . I will be eighty next week . a good time to move on , do not you think ? harold ( try to ignore she ) I do not know . maude I mean , seventy - five be too early , haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 12/105 3/6/12 38 40 41 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay . txt but at eighty - five , well , you be just mark time and you may as well look over the horizon . mo . shot - altar the priest finish the prayer and exit . the casket be close and the pallbearer take it out the side door . the few mourner follow . maude be now sit next to harold . maude I will never understand this mania for black . I mean no one send black flower , do they ? Black flower be dead flower and who would send black flower to a funeral ? it 's change ! ( fluttery laugh ) how absurd . her eye catch a dour portrait of the bless virgin and child on a pillar . with one swoop she take a feel pen from harold 's breast pocket and draw on the painting a bright and cheery smile . harold be stunne . maude there , that 's better . they never give the poor thing a chance to laugh . Heaven know she have a lot to be happy about . in fact ... ( she look think - fully around the church ) - they all have a lot to be happy about . Excuse I . insert the face of four somber statue saint . maude ( v.o. ) a unhappy saint be a contradiction in term . int . at the church door a anxious harold stand while maude put the top back on he pen . maude smile and gesture at a crucifix . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 13/105 3/6/12 42 43 44 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt and why do they keep on about that ? you would think no one ever read the end of the story . she exit grandly with harold 's pen . harold follow . insert four quick cut of the saint ' face . they all have delightfully ridiculous smile draw on they face . closeup - priest in the same rhythm we have a fifth CUT - the return priest who be drop dead by what he see . ext . church step - day maude it 's a question of emphasis , you might say . accentuate the positive , so to speak . harold eh , could I have my pen back now , please ? maude oh , of course . what be you name ? harold harold chasen . maude how do you do ? I be Dame marjorie chardin , but you may call I maude . harold Nice to meet you . maude oh , thank you . I think we shall be great friend , do not you ? maude take a great ring of key from she purse , select one of they , and open the door of the car at the curb . maude can I drop you anywhere , harold ? harold ( quickly ) no , thank you . I have my car . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 14/105 3/6/12 45 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt well then , I must be off . ( she get in ) we shall have to meet again . she revs up the motor and look over at harold . maude do you dance ? harold what ? maude do you sing and dance ? harold eh , no . maude no. ( she smile ) I think not . with a great screech of burn rubber maude drive down the street just as the priest come up to harold . they both watch she squeal around the corner . priest ( totally mystify ) that woman ... she take my car . int . chasen den - day harold be sit in a chair . his mother enter and sit down at the desk . mrs . chasen I have here , harold , the form send out by the National Computer date service . it seem to I that as you do not get along with the daughter of my friend this be the best way for you to find a prospective wife . harold start to say something . mrs . chasen ( continue ) please , harold , we have a lot to do and I have to be at the hairdresser 's at three . ( she look over the papers ) the Computer date service offer you at least three date haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 15/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt on the initial investment . they screen out the fat and ugly so it be obviously a firm of high standard . I be sure they can find you at least one girl who be compatible . now first , here be the personality interview which you be to fill out and return . there be fifty question with five possible response to check ... " a - absolutely yes , B - yes , C - not sure , D - no , E - absolutely no . " be you ready , harold ? the first question be " be you uncomfortable meeting new people ? " well , I think that 's a " yes . " do not you agree , harold ? even a " absolutely yes . " we will put down " a " on that . now , number two . " do you believe it be acceptable for woman to initiate date with man ? " well , absolutely . Mark " on that . " Three - should sex education be teach outside the home ? " I would say no , would not you , harold ? give a " D " there . chasen continue fill out harold 's questionnaire without hardly ever even look over for he reaction . he sit there , watch . mrs . chasen " four - do you often invite friend to you home ? " now , you never do , harold . absolutely no . " five - do you enjoy participate in club and social organization ? " you do not , do you ? absolutely no . " six - do you enjoy spend a lot of time by yourself ? " absolutely yes . Mark " a . " " Seven - should woman run for President of the United States ? " I do not see why not . absolutely yes . " eight — do you have up and downs without obvious reason ? " you do , do not you , harold ? absolutely yes . " nine - do you remember joke and take pleasure in relate they to other ? " you do not , do you , harold ? absolutely no . " ten - do you often get the feel that perhaps life be not worth live ? " hmm . what do you think , harold ? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 16/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold look blankly back at he mother . mrs . chasen ( continue ) " a " ? " B " 2 we will put down " C " - " not sure . " " eleven - be the subject of sex be over - exploit by we mass media ? " that would have to be " yes , " would not it ? " twelve - do you think judge favor some lawyer ? " yes , I suppose they do . " thirteen - .... harold sit passively in he chair . slowly he draw a revolver from he pocket . as he mother rattles on he very deliberately load the bullet one by one into the chamber . mrs . chasen be it difficult for you to accept criticism ? " nooo . we will mark " D . " " fourteen - do you sometimes have headache or back aches after a difficult day ? " yes , I do indeed . " Fifteen - do you go to sleep easily ? " I would say so . " sixteen - do you believe in capital punishment for murder ? " oh , yes . " seventeen - do you believe church have a strong influence to upgrade the general morality ? " - yes , again . " eighteen - in you opinion be social affair usually a waste of time ? " heavens , no ! " nineteen - can God influence we life ? " yes. absolutely yes . " twenty - have you ever cross the street to avoid meeting someone ? " well , I be sure you have , have not you , harold ? " twenty -one - would you prefer to be with a group of people rather than alone ? " that 's you , harold . " twenty -two - be it acceptable for a schoolteacher to smoke or drink in public ? " well , with reservation . Mark " B . " " twenty -three ... " have finish load the gun , harold cock it and , look at he mother , slowly lift it up . mrs . chasen do you personal religion or philosophy include a life after death ? " oh , yes , indeed . that 's " absolutely . " " twenty -four - do you enjoy life when you be a child ? " oh , yes . you be a wonderful baby , harold . " twenty - haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 17/105 3/6/12 46 47 48 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt five ... " the gun be point at he mother . slowly harold turn it till it be point directly into he face . he pull the trigger . a burst of blood and a loud explosion . he and the chair be blow over backward out of frame . sound of crash furniture and break china . Mrs. chasen remain impervious to it all . mrs . chasen " do you think the sexual revolution have go too far ? " it certainly seem to have . " twenty — six ... the last crash - a totter lamp fall . Mrs. chasen look up peeve . mrs . chasen harold ! please ! ( beat ) " should evolution be teach in we public school ?! " ext . graveyard drive - day a long line of black limousine follow a hearse in a funeral procession . at the tag of the line be another hearse -- harold 's . ext . at the gravesite - day pan around the sorrowing face . stop at harold . continue past he 180 degree and stop at maude . she be directly across the open grave from harold . she try to get he attention . maude psst ! psst ! harold look up . maude give he a friendly wink , and a kind of " how do you do ? " smile . harold be horrify . the priest look up from he praying . it be the same priest as before . he look over at maude . maude suddenly over - come by sorrow back away from the people . dissolve to : ext . graveyard - day harold be walk by the road . the funeral in the back - ground be over but we see the priest come toward he . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 18/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt priest eh , my boy . a moment , please . who be that old lady wave to you earlier ? just then maude drive up in harold 's hearse . she stop . maude hello , harold . can I give you a lift ? harold be surprised . he go over to the hearse . priest ah ! there you be , madam . be not you the lady who drive my car off yesterday ? maude be that the one with the St. Christopher medal on the dashboard ? priest yes . maude then I suppose it be I . get in , harold . harold decide not to argue . he get priest be you also the one who paint the statue ? maude ( brightly ) oh , yes . how do you like that ? priest well , I do not . maude oh , do not be too discourage . for aesthetic appreciation - always a little time . priest but wait ... maude wave and drive off with she usual screeching star 49 int . harold hearse - day harold be sit in the front seat , want to say some - thing but also try to hold on . maude drive like a haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 19/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt racing car driver , fast and risky , but with complete self - assurance . maude what a delight it be , harold , to bump into you again . I know we be go to be good friend the moment I see you . you go to funeral often , do not you ? harold be more intent on maude 's maneuver of he car than on conversation . harold yes . maude oh , so do I . they be such fun , be not they ? it 's all change . all revolve . burial and birth . the end to the beginning and the beginning to the end - ( she make a screeching leave - hand turn ) - the great circle of life . my , this old thing handle well . ever drive a hearse , harold ? harold ( petrify ) yes. maude well , it 's a new experience for I . ( she make a screech - ing right - hand turn ) good on curve . shall I take you home , harold ? harold ( manage to speak ) but this be my car . maude you hearse ? harold yearse ! maude oh. 50 ext . roadside - long shot - day of the car come to a screeching halt . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 20/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt 51 int . car - day maude ( brightly ) then you shall take I home . 52 int . car - day same angle as 49 but this time harold be drive and maude sit beside he . maude and so just before he leave for the monastery in tibet , Big sweeney give I he key . she be show harold she ring of car key . maude ( continue ) of course , I have have to make some addition for the new model , but not as many as you might think . once you have you basic set it 's then only a question of variation . harold and you get into any car you want and just drive off ? maude not any car . I like to keep a variety . I be always look for the new experience , like this one . I like it . harold thank you . but when you take this car do not you think you be wrong the owner ? maude what owner , harold ? we do not own anything . it 's a transitory world . we come on the earth with nothing , and we go out with not so be not " ownership " a little absurd ? harold still , I think you would upset people and I be not sure that right . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 21/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt well , if some people be upset because they feel they have a hold on some thing , then I be merely act as a gentle reminder - I be sort of break it easy -- here today , go tomorrow , so do not get attach to thing . now , with tha in mind , I be not against collect stuff ... 53 int . maude' apartment - day maude and harold enter . maude I have collect quite a lot of stuff in my time . we see maude 's main room fill with all kind of eccentric memorabilia , from a mount swordfish to a ivory buddha . it be dominate by a large canopy bed like something from a wagnerian opera . other feature be a large fireplace , a baby grand piano , expensive painting on the wall , a tall wooden sculpture , and a japanese type eat area with satin cushion . maude it 's all memorabilia , but incidental and not integral , if you know what I mean . harold ( look around amaze ) it 's very interesting . maude oh , look ! the bird . she go to the window and work a unique pulley device that deliver seed to the bird table in the back yard . maude this be my daily ritual . I love they so much . the only wild life I see anymore . free as a bird ! ( fluttery laugh ) you know , at one time I use to break into pet shop and liberate the canary , but I give it up as a idea before its time . the zoo be full and the prison overflow . my , my . how the world so dearly love a cage . ( she look out haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 22/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt another window ) and there 's Madame arouet , cultivate she garden . she wave at the black dress old woman diligently hoe vegetable in the backyard . the old woman do not notice maude . maude ( sigh ) she 's very sweet , but so old - fashioned . please sit down , harold . I will put on the kettle and we will have a nice hot cup of tea . harold thank you , but I really have to go . maude but it 's oat straw tea . you have never have oat straw tea , have you ? harold no maude well then . the argument be over . harold thank you , but it 's a appointment . I really should not miss it . maude oh , at the dentist 's ? harold sort of . maude well , then , you must come back and visit . harold all right . maude my door be always open . harold all right . maude promise ? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 23/105 . 3/6/12 54 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he turn at the door and half smile . harold promise . int . psychiatrist's office - day harold be on the couch . the psychiat psychiatrist harold ? harold be day dream . psychiatrist harold ? harold ( come to ) huh ? psychiatrist you do not seem to be listen . I ask do you have any friend ? harold no psychiatrist none at all ? harold well , maybe one . psychiatrist would you care to talk about this friend ? harold no . psychiatrist be this a friend you have when you be away at school ? harold no psychiatrist ( thing be get difficult ) I see . ( he try a new attack ) be you happy at school , harold ? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt ist sit behind he . 24/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold yes . psychiatrist you like you teacher ? harold yes . psychiatrist you classmate ? harold yes . psychiatrist you study ? harold yes . psychiatrist then why do you leave ? harold I burnt down the chemistry building . the psychiatrist get up and rather anxiously pace about . psychiatrist we be not relate today , harold . I sense a definite resistance . a lack of true and helpful communication . I find you a very interesting case , harold , but this reluctance of yours be detrimental to the psycho- analytical process , and can only hinder the possibility of effective treatment . do you understand ? harold yes . psychiatrist very well . ( he sit ) now you mother tell I she be arrange several date for you with some young lady . how do you feel about that ? 55 stock insert a giant steel ball crash into a brick wall , demolosh it . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 25/105 3/6/12 56 57 58 59 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt int . psychiatrist's office - day psychiatrist I see . tell I , harold , do you remember you father at all ? harold no. ( pause ) I would have like to . psychiatrist why ? harold I would have like to talk to he . psychiatrist what would you say ? harold ( pause ) I would show he my hearse . and my room , and stuff . psychiatrist what kind of stuff ? omitted omitted int . harold be room - night all the light be on show a room cluttere with book , gun and sword on the wall , small bit of odd machinery , a chemistry workbench , a school pennant , some trophy , some model , a chess set , etc . harold ( v.o. ) oh , all my thing - incidental but not integral , if you know what I mean . we pan over individual item - the chemistry set , pool float , a small oxygen cylinder , the rope and body harness he use to hang himself in the first scene , a large bottle of Max factor blood , a portrait of lon chaney as " the phantom of the Opera . " we come to a silver serve dish with a large silver cover over it . a hand come into frame and remove the cover . on the dish be harold 's severe head . the hand pick up haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 26/105 3/6/12 60 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt the head . we tilt up and see it be harold . he take the dummy head over to he dresser , comb the hair and pick off the latex blood , and then take it to the center of the room , where a headless dummy sit in a chair . harold screw the head onto the dummy . it do not fit very well . he fiddle with it a moment but he be not satisfied . he go to he closet and look into a box of tool and thing . he take a meat cleaver out but he be still look for something else . there be a knock on the door and Mrs. chasen in evening clothes enter . harold turn to come out of the closet but he hear he mother address the dummy . mrs . chasen now listen , harold , I have here the three girl send out by the Computer date service . she shuffles through three IBM card in she hand . mrs . chasen ( continue ) I have phone they up and invite each of they to have lunch with we before you take they out . the first one be come tomorrow at one . luncheon at two . harold stand with the meat cleaver in he hand behind the closet door . he listen blankly . mrs . chasen ( still talk to the dummy ) now I want you to act like a gentleman and make this girl feel at home . well , I be off to the ballet with the ferguson . I only hope they can maneuver round that great black thing in the driveway . ( she pause ) you look a little pale , harold . ( she open the door ) you get a good night 's sleep . after all you want to look you best for tomorrow . ( she exit ) harold hear the door shut . he ponder he fate for a moment . he lean around the door and look at the dummy . he think . he give it up . he go back in the closet to find whatever he be look for . int . chasen' front lobby - day haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 27/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Mrs. chasen open the front door , revealing a cute , typical american co-e . this be candy gulf . candy hello , I be candy Gulf . mrs . chasen how do you do . I be Mrs. chasen . come in . candy come in and Mrs. chasen close the door . mrs. chasen ( continue ) harold be out in the garden . he will be in in a moment . let 's go into the de . 61 int . chasen be den - day candy and Mrs. chasen enter . mrs . chasen you be at the University , candy ? candy yes , I be . mrs . chasen and what be you study ? candy poli. sci . with a home ec minor . mrs . chasen eh , poli sci ? candy political Science . it 's all about what 's go on . they walk to the window . mrs . chasen oh , there 's harold now . candy and Mrs. chasen look out the french window . wave . harold wave back and leave . candy and Mrs. sit down . candy face the window ; Mrs. chasen have she back to it . candy he seem very nice . be harold interested in , eh , what 's go on ? I think it 's such a super thing to study . and then , of haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 28/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt course , I can always fall back on home ec . mrs . chasen yes , that 's good plan . tell I , be you a regular , candy , in this computer club ? we see out the window that harold have come back . he carry a large can mark kerosene . candy see he but return she attention to answer Mrs. chasen . candy heavens no . I do not have to worry about date . you see , the other girl in my sorority , well , we decide that somebody should try it , so we draw straw and I lose . ( little giggle ) but I be look forward to meeting harold . she look beyond Mrs. chasen , out the window . she be a little nonpluss . harold be pour the kerosene all over himself . mrs . chasen I think I should mention , candy , that harold do have he eccentric moment . candy ( never let it be say that she be not a good sport ) oh , yes ? well , that 's all right . I have get a brother who 's a real cut - up , too . I will never forget the time we have this old tv set with no part in it . well , Tommy stick he head behind it and start give a newscast before the whole family . we be all hysterical . and here 's little Tommy pretend to be walter cronkite . she look back at harold out the window . he be ablaze . her mouth fall open . mrs . chasen yes . I be sure it must have be very funny . candy jump up , point out the window behind Mrs. chasen . candy haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 29/105 3/6/12 62 63 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt har -- haro -- haroldddd !!! Mrs. chasen rise , slightly disturb but use to odd behavior . mrs . chasen yes , dear . here be harold now . harold enter from the side door . mrs . chasen ( continue ) candy , this be harold . candy be momentarily stunne . harold nod he greeting . mrs . chasen candy be just tell a funny story about walter cronkite . candy begin hysterical babbling and collapse . int . maude' apartment — day the front door open slowly and harold enter . harold maude . maude . anybody home ? he get no answer and step into the room . he look over the fireplace , where a furle umbrella be hang up like a rifle . nearby he see a glass cabinet full of sea shell and glass work . he walk over to a large table and be puzzle by the odd - shape , machine - like box on top . he look over at the wood sculpture , a highly polished work with very smooth curve and hole . instinctively he put out he hand to touch it , but decide he should not . he walk over to the piano and examine the silver frame stand on it . they have no photograph in they and this interest he . he go to the window . over he shoulder we see madame arouet hoe in she vegetable patch . ext . the back yard - day a medium shot of Madame arouet . she be dress in the black peasant 's dress of Southern France . she be thin and wrinkle and wear a large straw sun hat . she be con - tinually work . harold come up to she . harold Excuse I , have you see maude ? Madame arouet look up . she do not comprehend . harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 30/105 , 3/6/12 64 65 66 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude . do you know where she be ? still no understanding . harold maude ? madame arouet ah ! maude . she point to the building next door . harold ( nodd ) oh , thank you . thank you very much . merci . he go off toward the building . Madame arouet continue hoe . closeup - madame arouet she look up from she work and watch harold . there be a strange sadness in she old weathered face - time lose , pleasure past over , the resignation to a lifetime of work . she turn back to she garden . int . glaucus' studio - day harold come through the door , see where he be at , and become embarrassed . harold oh. Excuse I . harold Pov - a artist studio the first thing we notice be the large block of ice in the center of the room - seven to eight foot tall - and through it , as if look through the glass on a shower door , we can see a naked female body pose as venus . the sculptor , glaucus , a frail , little , white - haire old man , dress in winter clothing , turn from the ice with a chisel and hammer in he glove hand . glaucus what do you want ? harold I be sorry . I be look for maude . the nude figure behind the ice move and we see she head over the top . it be maude . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 31/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude harold ? harold maude ???! 67 int . maude' apartment - day harold sit in a chair , brood . maude be in she kitchen alcove . maude how about some ginger pie ? harold eh , fine . maude I will heat some up . my , it 's nice to see you again , harold . how 's you hearse ? harold oh , it 's fine . Fine . maude she seem yare to I . maude lay out the table . harold get up . he have some - thing on he mind . harold ( nonchalantly ) do you often model for glaucus ? maude heavens no ! I do not have the time . but I like to keep in practice and poor glaucus occasionally need he memory refresh as to the contour of the female form . ( she stop ) do you disapprove ? harold me! no . of course not . maude ( she want the truth ) really . do you think it 's wrong ? harold ( think , decide , and report he haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 32/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt conclusion ) ( he smile ) maude oh , I be so happy you say that because I want to show you my painting . this be the " rape of Rome " and , of course , there in the corner be quite a graphic depiction of leda and the swan . harold look at the corner of the painting and then back at maude . maude ( coquettishly ) a self-portrait . ( she walk on ) but over here be my favorite . it 's title " rainbow with Egg underneath and a elephant . " do you like it ? harold yes . very much . maude it be my last . I then become infatuated with this -- my " odorifics . " she point to the odd - shape box with the tube and handle attach to they . maude give the nose a treat , I think . have a kind of olfactory banquet ! so I begin first on the easiest - roast beef , old book , mown grass , then I go on to this - ( she read the label on the box ) " a even at maxim 's . " " mexican farmyard . " here 's one you would like . " snowfall on 42nd Street . " put it on . she help he put on the oxygen - type mask . maude ( continue ) now I will pump it up ... ( she do so ) and you just turn the handle . ( he do ) okay . what do you smell ? haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 33/105 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold subway ... perfume ... cigarette ... ( gradually become more excited ) cologne ... carpet ... chestnut ! snow ! maude it go on and on . harold that 's really great . he take it off . maude thank you . I think of continue - graduate to the abstract and free-smelling - but then I decide to switch to the tactile . she gesture at the wood sculpture . maude what do you think ? harold oh . eh , I like it . maude no , you have to touch it . ( she demonstrate ) you have to run you hand over it , get close to it , really reach out and feel . you try it . harold try . he gingerly move he hand over a rather sensuous curve . maude that 's right . how 's the sensation ? a low rising whistle be hear . maude oh , that 's the kettle . ( she go to kitchen ) go ahead , harold . stroke , palm , caress , explore . harold watch maude leave the room . he hear she invita - tion and look at the sculpture . a battle be go on inside he . ( " go ahead touch it ! - better not ! " ) maude begin hum in the kitchen . she will not be out for a while . harold begin move he hand over the polished wood . his haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt face be expressionless , but he move he body closer and he hand become more dare . he bring he other hand onto the sculpture . he be enjoy look at the large hole before he . e sensation . he be hand move around it . ( " go ahead - better not ! " ) his eye scan the room . suddenly he stick he head in the hole , pull it out , step back quickly , and look over to the kitchen . maude be still out there hum . harold relax , straighten he suit , look at the sculpture , and brave a short smile . maude enter with the tea . maude here we be , harold . oat straw tea and ginger pie . harold certainly a new experience for I maude wonderful ! try something new each day . after all , we be give life to find it out . it do not last forever . they sit down at the table . harold you look as if you could . maude me. ha ! do I tell you I will be eighty on Saturday ? harold you do not look eighty . maude that 's the influence of the right food , the right exercise , and the breathe . ( she gesture ) greet the dawn with the breath of Fire ! ( the demonstration leave she a little wind ) of course , there 's no doubt the body be give out . I be well into autumn . I will have to be give it all up after Saturday . sweeten the tea with honey , harold . it 's delicious . harold that 's a nice teapot . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt right 35/105 , 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude sterling silver . it be my dear mother - in- law 's , part of a dinner set of fifty piece . it 's one of the few thing that survive . ( pause ) oh , but I do rattle on so . tell I about yourself , harold . ( she settles back with she tea ) what do you do when you be not visit funeral ? 68 ext . demolition - day Shots of fall building . the giant demolition ball swing leave and right knock mighty hole in brick wall and send they crumble to earth with deafen noise . 69 ext . demolition - another angle - day harold and maude watch , in the background , a old building collapse into rubble . after the noise abate maude turn to harold . maude yes . there be definitely a certain attraction . 710 ext . junkyard - day a giant crane come crash into the hood of a car . the car be pick up and drop on a conveyor belt which haul it up to the crusher . despite the terrible din harold and maude watch with rapt attention . 71 ext . junkyard district - long shot - day harold and maude be sit on a hill picnick . they be look at the junkyard operation in the distance . they chew for a while then maude offer harold a raw carr she chew on one herself . maude well , it 's all very thrill , of course , but I ask you , harold ... be it enough ? harold what do you mean ? maude smile . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 36/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt 72 ext . a large vegetable field - day the camera be at a low level . we see long row of young plant that stretch into the distance . we pan across the field into two giant closeup of harold and maude . they be lie on the ground look intently at one little plant . maude look over to harold . maude I love to watch thing grow . 73 ext . flower farm - day shot of flower grow , all different variety , in cluster , in pot , on vine , in greenhouse , in large field . maude and harold be walk down a row of flower . maude they grow and bloom , and fade , and die , and some change into something else . ah , life ! they stop by some flower . maude I should like to change into a sunflower most of all . they be so tall and simple . and you , harold , what flower would you like to be ? harold I do not know . just one of that . ( he gesture ) 74 harold Pov we see a large field of daisy stretch to the hill . 78 ext . by the daisy field - day harold and maude look out at it . maude ( a little perturb ) why do you say that ? harold ( softly ) because they be all the same . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 37/105 3/6/12 716 717 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude oooh , but they be not . look . they bend down to see some close one . maude ( continue ) see - some be smaller , some be fatter , some grow to the leave , some to the right , some even have some petal miss - all kind of observable difference , and we have not even touch the bio- chemical . you see , harold , they be like the japanese . at first you think they all look alike , but after you get to know they you see there be not a repeat in the bunch . each person be different , never exist before and never to exist again . just like this daisy - ( she pick it ) - a individual . they stand up . harold well , we may be individual all right but - ( he look out at the field ) - we have to grow up together . maude look up . she be very strike by what harold say . she speak very softly and we see she have tear in she eye . maude yes , that 's very true . still I believe much of the world 's sorrow come from people who know they be this - ( she hold the daisy ) - yet let themselves be treat - ( she look out at the field ) - as that . ext . the field - day thousands and thousand of daisy wave gently in the breeze . ext . road by the flower farm - day haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 38/105 . 3/6/12 718 80 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt a large black Continental apparently out of control crash through the flower farm fence , swerve onto the road , and zigzag away at top speed before finally straighten out . int . continental - day harold be petrify . maude be drive . she look over at he and explain . maude ha ! power steering . ext . road in town - day the Continental speed by . int . continental - day harold have somewhat recover . harold Boy , maude . the way you handle car . I would never handle a car like that . maude oh , it 's only a machine , harold . it 's not as if it be alive , like a horse or a camel . we may live in a machine age , but I simply can not treat they as equal . ( she look over at the radio ) of course , the age have its advantage . she turn it on . Music play softly . maude ( continue ) the universal language of mankind . ( she begin hum along with the tune ) what music do you like , harold ? harold well ... harold be suddenly throw against the door as maude make a fast u-turn . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 39/105 . 3/6/12 81 82 83 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt ext . before the courthouse park - day we see the Continental turn across the street , drive up onto the sidewalk , and stop as it bump into a telegraph pole . mo . shot of the car maude get out , walk around the car , and open harold 's door . harold , very shake , get out . harold what happen ? maude ( she point ) look . harold what ? maude over there by the courthouse . harold what be it ? maude that little tree . it 's in trouble . come on . maude walk over to the courthouse . harold , not want to be leave with the crash car , quickly follow . ext . by the courthouse - day they come to a little tree grow in the garden . maude look at it , harold . it 's suffocating . it 's the smog . people can live with it , but it give tree asthma . they can not breathe . see the leave be all brown . harold , we have get to do something about this life . harold but what ? maude we will transplant it . to the forest . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 40/105 . 3/6/12 84 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold but we can not just dig it up ! maude why not ? harold but this be public property . maude exactly . she 's ready to dig . harold do not you think we should get some tool , maybe ? maude yes , you be right . we will go see glaucus . come on . harold oh , wai maude . look ! harold point and we see that two cop have stop and be check out the Continental on the sidewalk . maude ( nonchalantly ) oh , the police . come on . by the continental - day the police be look around . maude boldly walk by . harold tag reluctantly along . maude good afternoon , Officer . bit of trouble here ? officer ( tip he hat ) yes , mar 'am . somebody have some trouble parking . maude well , it 's a tricky turn . officer ( not understanding but amiable ) eh , yes , mar be . maude tell I -- haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 41/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt ( point to car in front ) -- be that car park all right ? officer oh yes . that 's fine . maude well , thank you . eh , officer , you might turn off the radio . save the battery . maude and harold walk off to the car in front . the officer turn off the radio . he look up . maude have open the door of the car in front with she ring of key . she wave to he . 85 closeup - the of cer he tip he hat and wave back . he be smile as we hear the engine start . the smile drop as we hear maude 's screeching start . 86 int . glaucus' studio - night maude and harold enter . the block of ice in the center of the room be now five to six foot tall and melting rapidly into the large trough in which it stand . around the studio on the wall and bench be every conceivable hand tool - sculpting tool , gardening tool , construction tool , etc . on a raise platform in one corner cover with rug and cushion and skin , lie glaucus , bundle up in a parka and snore horribly . in he glove hand he hold a hammer and a ice pick . maude oh , my . we be too late . harold be he all right ? maude he 's fall asleep , as usual . she cover he with a rug . maude ( continue ) we will come back in the morning . harold what be that he 's work on ? maude a ice sculpture . it 's venus haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 42/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt the goddess of Love , the completion of which be he unfulfilled dream . harold it be kind of rough . maude he 's never finish one yet . he have around he every kind of hand tool know to man , but the poor dear have difficulty stay awake . harold look , the ice be melting . maude yes . they both stand and stare . maude that 's one of the drawback of the medium . 87 int . maude' apartment - night harold and maude sit before the fire . they have just finish dinner . maude a little after-dinner liqueur , harold ? harold well , I really do not drink ... maude oh , it 's all right . it 's organic . she pour . harold thank you . maude ( offer ) some nut ? some licorice ? it have no nutritional value but then consistency be not really a human trait . harold thank you . he chew the licorice . he gesture above the fireplace . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 43/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold ( continue ) what 's that ? maude my umbrella ? ( fluttery laugh ) oh , that 's just a relic . I find it when I be pack to come to America . it use to be my defense on picket line and rally and political meeting - be drag off by police or attack by thug of the opposition . ( fluttery laugh as she remember ) a long time ago . harold what be you fight for ? maude oh , Big issue . Liberty . rights . justice . king die and kingdom fall . I do not regret the kingdom - what sense in border and nation and patriotism - but I do miss the king . when I be a little girl I be take to the palace in Vienna , to a garden party . I can still see the sunshine , the parasol , and the flash uniform of the young officer . I think then I would marry a soldier . ( fluttery laugh ) later , Frederick would chide I about it . ( with a twinkle ) he be so serious . a doctor at the University . and in the government . suddenly she get quiet . maude but , that be all ... before ... maude stare into the fire . she suddenly seem very small and fragile . harold notice the change that have come over she and be not sure what to say . harold so you do not use the umbrella any more ? look at he and say softly : haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 44/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude no . harold no more revolt . maude ( spark back to she old self ) oh , yes ! every day . but I do not need a defense anymore . I embrace ! still fight for the Big issue but now in my small , individual way . shall we have a song ? harold well , I do not ... maude oh come on . I will teach you . she go to the piano , sit down , and play . it be a fast , delightful song and she sing it with zest . maude come on , harold , join in the chorus . beside she harold hesitatingly sing along . the o.s. orchestra have join in , enable maude to leave the piano and get up and dance . she caper in true old vaudeville fashion . as the song continue we go into a montage and see maude dance as she sing in various locale - the beach , the forest , the field , the hill , finally return to she room to join up with harold for a socko finish . maude oh , that be fun . let 's play something together . harold but I do not play anything . maude ( a bombshell ! ) do not play anything ! dear I . everyone should be able to make some music . why , it 's life ! - Rhythm and harmony - that 's the cosmic dance . come with I . she go over to a large cupboard and open both door . it be full of all kind of musical instrument . she ferret about for a while and pull out a banjo . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 45/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt here we be . just the thing . she show he a chord and how to strum . - " you finger here ... etc . " he do it a few time . maude that 's right . but be impulsive ! be fanciful ! let the music flow out of you as freely as though you be talk . okay ? ( she sit ) from the top -- let 's jam ! she swing into the chorus and harold strum along . at the end she look over at he beam . harold okay ? maude superb . 88 ext . the chasen' backyard - day harold sit practice he banjo . we barely recognize that he be play maude 's song . he hear he mother call he and he quickly hide he banjo in a nearby flower pot . his mother enter . mrs . chasen harold ! harold ! ah , there you be . I have a little present for you . a surprise . come with I . they both go off toward the garage . 89 ext . the garage area - day they both come around the corner and Mrs. chasen gesture dramatically in front of she . mrs . chasen there ! 90 ext . the garage area - there Pov - day we see a little green mg roadster . harold come up to it , suspect something funny . he look around for he hearse . mrs . chasen be not that darling ? I have they tow off that black monstrous thing of haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 46/105 3/6/12 91 92 93 94 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt yours and have they send this around instead . it 's so much more appropriate for you , do not you think ? harold start to say something . mrs . chasen ( continue ) one more thing , harold . I have talk on the phone with you second computer date and she seem a very nice , quiet girl . not at all hysterical like the first one . nevertheless I want you to be on you best behavior when she come tomorrow and make she feel at home . ( she look at the car before leave ) cute little thing , be not it ? I like it very much . ( she exit ) harold stand for a moment look at the mg . he make a decision . quick shot harold take off he jacket . quick shot harold wheel to the car a large acetylene torch . quick shot harold pull down a great welding mask over he head . int . glaucus ' studio - day a brand new block of ice - eight to nine foot tall - stand in the trough in the center of the studio . glaucus , spryly dress for autumn , be chipping merrily away . glaucus come in . come in . maude enter . maude have you see harold ? glaucus haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 47/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt one moment . he make a chip on the ice and stand back to examine it . he be satisfied . he turn to maude , full of pep . glaucus ah , Dame marjorie . greeting . ( he kiss she hand ) as odysseus say to penelope ... harold enter a little out of breath . harold sorry I be late . glaucus a rather free translation but nonetheless correct . greeting to you too , my little one . ( he gesture at the ice ) tell I , what do you see ? harold a block of ice . glaucus exactly ! now , ask I what I see . harold what do you see ? glaucus I see the eternal goddess of beauty and love . I see aphrodi the consummate woman . full of warmth and fire . frozen. ( to the ice ) and it be I who shall set you free . he take a small pneumatic drill and attack the ice . he make a little incision , put it down , and step back to observe . he wipe he brow . glaucus each morning I be deliver of a new block of ice . each evening my eye grow weary , my hand hang heavy , and I be sweep down lethe to slumber - ( slowly with feel ) - while my goddess , half - bear , drip away - unseen , unsung , and unknown . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 48/105 3/6/12 95 96 97 98 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt maude May we borrow a shovel ? glaucus wait ! let I think . do I need a shovel today ? no ! I needa blowtorch . ( he get a blowtorch ) take any shovel . you be welcome . harold pick up a shovel . maude thank you , glaucus . we will see you later . come on , harold . harold and maude exit . glaucus farewell , my friend . ( he fire the blowtorch ) " where 'er he move , the goddess shine before " - Homer ! he approach the ice . ext . highway - long shot - day we pan with a brown pick - up truck as it drive along . a small tree stand sway in the back . int . pick - up truck - angle from side - mo . shot - day maude be drive . harold sit beside she . the car be travel from screen left to screen right . harold look at maude . she smile . he smile . ext . highway - long shot - day cop on a motorcycle watch maude go by . he follow she and flag she down . she pull the truck over to the side of the road . ext . roadside - day the cop get off he motorcycle and come over to the truck door . cop Lady , you be go 70 mile a hour in a 45 - mile zone . could haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 49/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt I see you license , please ? maude yes . that little piece of paper with you picture on it ? cop yes . maude oh , I do not have one . cop come again . maude I do not have one . I do not believe in they . cop how long have you be drive ? maude about forty - five minute , would not you say , harold ? we be hope to start sooner but , you see , it 's rather hard to find a truck . cop could I see you registration ? maude I just do not think we have one , unless it 's in the glove compartment . could you look , harold ? cop be not this you vehicle ? maude no , no . I just take it . cop take it ? maude yes . you see I have to plant my tree . cop you tree . maude well , 's not really mine . I dig it up in front of the courthouse . we be transplant it . letting haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 50/105 . 3/6/12 99 101 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay . txt it breathe , you know . but , of course , we would like to get it into soil , as soon as possible . cop Lady , let I get this straight . maude ( agree ) all right , then , and we will be off . ( she revs up the motor ) Nice chat with you . maude zoom off down the highway . the cop be leave flabber - gasted . he race for he motorcycle . with siren blaze he drive of to catch she . int . the truck - day harold look uneasily out the back window . harold I think he 's follow we . maude be he ? ah , the police . always want to play game . well , here go . maude accelerate and zoom off . ext . the highway - day maude careen down the highway dodging car . the cop follow in hot pursuit . suddenly maude do a full leave turn make a screeching half - circle and charge off down the highway in the opposite direction . Cars pull over out of she way . the cop do a similar u- turn and follow she . maude immediately make another u-turn and fly off down the highway in she original direction . the cop be take unawares . traffic around he be in total confusion . he dodge zigzagge car , run up onto the embankment , and stop . int . the truck - day harold ( turn around badly shake ) he 's stop . maude ( brightly ) the old double u-turn . get haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 51/105 , 3/6/12 104 105 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt they every time . ext . the highway - day the truck continue on its merry way . ext . a pleasant glade in the forest - day maude and harold have just finish plant the tree ; maude be put the finish touch around the trunk . she stand up . maude there . oh , I like the feel of soil , do not you ? and the smell . it 's the earth . " the earth be my body . my head be in the star . " ( little laugh ) who say that ? harold I do not know . maude I suppose I do . ( laugh ) well , farewell little tree . grow up tall , and change , and fall to replenish the earth . be not it wonderful , harold ? all around we . ing . live t ext . the forest - day harold and maude be sit in a tree . maude I come here as often as I can . it 's exhilate . what do you call it ? nature ! life ! soul ! God ! at any rate , it 's here , and ... we pull back on the zoom and see they be sit in the top branch of a very tall tree . maude we be part of it . int . pick - up truck - day same side angle as shot 96 , except now the truck be travel from screen right to screen leave . maude be drive ; harold sit beside she . maude look at harold . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 52/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he smile . she smile . 106 ext . the highway - long shot - day we see the truck , now without the tree , go drive down the road . we see the cop on the motorbike . it be the same one as before . he see the truck , grit he tooth , and speed on after it . with siren blaze he signal maude to pull well off the road , and around so that it be face the field . the cop get of he bike and go over to they . cop okay , lady . out . maude hello . she do not quite recognize he . maude have not we meet before ? cop none of that , lady . maude ( genuinely ) oh , well . must have be you brother . cop out ! maude get out . maude but there be a family resemblance . cop ( to harold ) you too , buster . stand over here . Lady , you be in a heap of trouble . I have you down here for several violation ; speed , resisting arrest , drive without a license , drive a steal vehicle , possession of a steal tree ... where 's the tree ? maude we plant it . cop be this you shovel ? maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 53/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt cop possession of a steal shovel . maude Officer , I can explain . cop Lady , resisting arrest be a serious criminal offense . under the state criminal code , section 545 , paragraph 10 - B ... maude oh , do not get officious . you be not yourself when you be officious . that 's the curse of a government job . cop ( patiently ) Lady , be it true you be drive without a license ? maude ( equally as patient ) check . cop and that truck - be it register in you name ? maude oh no ! not in my name . cop then whose name be it register in ? maude well , I do not know . do you know , harold ? cop where be the papers ? maude I suppose they be in the truck . be you go to take a lot of time with this ? cop wait here . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 54/105 . 3/6/12 109 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt because if you be ... cop Lady ! be quiet . the cop go over to the truck . we follow he as he sit in the front seat , open the glove compartment , and begin look through some papers . suddenly he hear the start of a engine . he look up . maude be on the motorcycle , revving it up , and motion harold to get on board . maude grab the shovel , harold . harold hesitates . he look over at e cop , who begin to get out of the truck . he make up he mind , grab the shovel , jump on the seat behind maude , and they both go careen off down the road . the cop take out he gun . cop stop ! or I will shoot ! he fire several time . closeup - maude on the bike she hear the shot . maude oh ! it 's just like the resistance . she begin maneuver the bike in defensive zigzag pattern . long shot - the highway the cop , helpless , watch they disappear over the hill . int . glaucus ' studio - night the ice block be as we see it the first night - unfinish and melting . glaucus , bundle up in he winter clothes , falter towards it with a heavy hammer and chisel . he be fight off sleep as only a very old man can . he manage a blow on the ice and then shuffles back to see its effect . he mumble all the time . glaucus the bitter dregs of fortune 's cup to drain - the iliad ... almost finish ... gotta make it ... go to make it ... liberate Love ... set she free . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 55/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he stagger to the statue and back again . harold and maude enter , laugh . maude oh , that motorcycle be awfully chilly . harold yeah . and it be cold in here . hello , glaucus . glaucus cold ... yes ... yes ... gotta turn up the heat ... Excuse I ... he turn up the heat . harold here 's you shovel . glaucus what ?... oh yes ... shovel ... create verily this issue lie in the lap of the god ... iliad ... just sit down for a minute . glaucus wander over to he couch and sit , still mumble . glaucus not give up ... just for a minute then once more up the hill ... harold walk over to the ice sculpture . harold I think I see it . maude yes . it 's almost there . glaucus , he eye barely open , get up and shuffles in place as if he be walk over to the statue . he work he tool in the air and then shuffles in place as if he be walk back . he examine he work . he sit . glaucus yes ... almost do . have a little rest . not long ... just a little rest ... then once more up the hill ... he fall back slowly asleep . harold I think he 's asleep . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 56/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt glaucus pop up . glaucus aha ! morpheus . I will ... he mumble and make a effort to raise he tool . his eye close , but he be still fight . glaucus gonna make it ... gonna make it ... make it ... he drift back against the cushion still hold the tool in he hand . he be finally asleep . harold and maude have be watch glaucus 's gallant battle . maude smile and turn to go . harold look at the sculpture . harold the ice be melting . maude yes . harold do not you think we should turn off the heat ? maude ( brightly ) why ? there will be a new block of ice in the morning . int . maude' place - night maude and harold be dress in bright japanese kimonos . they be relax on cushion in the japanese nook after have just finish supper . maude puff pleasantly on a hookah . harold I like glaucus . maude yes , so do I . but I think he be a little ... old - fashioned . like a puff , harold ? harold well , I really do not smoke . maude it 's all right . ( she offer he the hose ) it 's organic . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 57/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold ( smoke ) I be sure pick up on vice . maude vice ? virtue ? it 's best not to be too moral . you cheat yourself out of too much life . aim above morality . as confucius say , " do not simply be good . make good thing happen . " harold do confucius say that ? maude well -- ( she smile ) - they say he be very wise , so I be sure he must have . harold you be the wisest person I know . maude me! ( she laugh and shake she head ) when I look around I I know I know nothing . I remember though , once long ago in persia , we meet a wise man in the bazaar . he be a professional and use to sell he wisdom to anyone willing to pay . his specialty for tourist be a maxim engrave on the head of a pin . " the wisest , " he say , " the truest , the most instructive word for all man at all time . " Frederick buy one for I and back at the hotel I peer through a magnify glass to read the word - " and this too shall pass away . " ( fluttery laugh ) well , the wise man be right - if you remember that , you can not help but live life fully . harold yes . I have not live . ( he suddenly giggle ) I have die a few time . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 58/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt what be that ? harold ( he be get a little high ) die ! seventeen time - not count maim . ( he laugh ) shot myself in the face once with a popgun and a pellet of blood . maude ( laugh with he ) how ingenious ! tell I about they . harold well , it 's a question of timing , and the right equipment , and plenty of patience ... you really want to hear about this ? maude of course . harold ( he smile ) okay . partly because of the pot , but mostly because he have find a friend , harold open up for the first time in he life . as he get into the story he tell it with such animation and delight that we be amaze at all the fun and zest he have keep lock up inside he . harold well , the first time it be not even plan . it be when I be at board school and they be get ready for the school Centennial celebration and they put all the firework and food and stuff in this room in the West wing . well , on the floor above they have the chemistry Lab and I have to stay in and clean it up . so I think I would doa little experiment . I get all this stuff out and begin mixing it up . it be very scientific . I be measure the amount . well , suddenly there be this big fizzing sound and this white kind of porridge stuff begin erupting out of the beaker , and move along the desk and fall onto the floor . it be make a awful mess . so I get the hose to try to spray it haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 59/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt into the sink . I turn on the water and - pow ! there be this massive explosion . knocked I down . blew out the floor . board and brick and flame leaping up . sing my hair . smoke everywhere . I get up , then this sound like bomb go off . it be the firework in the room below . and all this stuff come fly out the hole . pachau ! skyrocket and pinwheel . and fire ball all whizzing and bounce . and I be just stand there stunne - I could not believe it - just watch - be pelt by all this little pellet - turn out to be the goddamn popcorn spew up from below . the whole place be a crazy inferno with the rocket and everything , and I could not get to the door . but behind I be this old laundry chute , so I hop in that and sly down that to the basement . when I get outside I see that the whole top of the building be on fire and , of course , it be pandemonium with people run around and fire alarm ringing . so I decide to go home . when I get there my mother be have this big party so I creep up the back stair to my room . then there be this ring on the doorbell . it 's the police . I creep over to the banister to see what they say , and they tell my mother that I have be kill in a fire at school . well , everyone get very quiet . harold have calm down and speak in a matter of fact way . harold ( continue ) people be whisper and look at my mother . I try lean forward to see she face but I could not . ( slowly ) she begin to sway . she put one hand to she forehead . with the other she reach out , as if grop for support . two man rush to she side and then - with a long , low sigh - she collapse in they arm . ( pause ) I decide then I enjoy be haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 60/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt dead . maude do not say anything for a moment . then she speak softly . maude yes . I understand . a lot of people enjoy be dead . but they be not dead really . they be just back away from life . ( with a twinkle ) they be player - but they sit on the bench . the game go on before they . at any moment they can join in . ( she jump up and shout ) reach out ! take a chance ! get hurt maybe . but play as well as you can . ( she lead a cheer before the stand ) go team , go ! give I a " I give I a . " give I a " V . " give I a " E . " live !!! !! ( she sit down by harold , quietly compose ) otherwise you will have nothing to talk about in the locker room . harold ( smile ) I like you , maude . maude ( smile ) I like you , harold . ( pause ) come , I will teach you to waltz . Music come in from nowhere . harold join maude and , though they both realize how ridiculous they look waltzing in kimonos , they begin to dance , and thoroughly enjoy it . we go into a montage as they dance together , similar to the one maude dance alone . they dance on the beach , the forest , the field , the hill , and end up back in she apartment for the courtly finale . ext . the chasen' back yard - day Mrs. chasen and edith fern come out of the house and walk toward the garage area . edith , the second computer date , be short , mousy , and look like a female Don knott . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 61/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt mrs . chasen this way , edith . harold be out by the garage . he have a new car and he have be tuning it up . he 's very mechanical . edith what kind of a car be it ? 112 ext . the garage area - day they come around the corner . mrs . chasen it 's a little mg roadster ... she stop dead in she track at what she see . 113 mrs . chasen Pov harold be put the final polish on the car . the car , however , have change . it be now black , with a square - off top , a long back , black velvet curtain , and silver trim . as edith say ... edith oh . it look like a hearse . ( a pause ) very nice . compact . mrs . chasen ( continue despite the blow ) edith , I would like you to meet my son , harold . harold , this be edith ... eh ? edith fern . I be very pleased to make you acquaintance . harold nod a greeting and they shake hand . mrs . chasen harold , I think you should go and wash up and meet we in the de . and remember what I say to you . let 's make edith feel at home . 114 int . chasen be den - day edith and Mrs. chasen be seat have coffee . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 62/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt mrs . chasen and what do you do , my dear ? edith I be a file clerk - Harrison feed and grain . mrs . chasen how interesting . edith not very . mrs . chasen oh . well , what be it exactly that you do ? edith I be in charge of all the invoice for the southwest . we supply , for example , most of the egg farmer in Southern California . so you can imagine . she sip she coffee . mrs . chasen yes . she sip hers . harold enter . mrs . chasen here 's harold now . no , do not get up . edith sit . harold sit . a pause . mrs . chasen ( continue ) edith be just tell I about she job . edith I be a file clerk . mrs . chasen yes. Henderson feed and grain . edith ( correct she ) Harrison . Harrison feed and grain ... at Hamilton and fourth ... I be in charge of the invoice ... and I type up the schedule for the truck fleet ... mrs . chasen haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 63/105 3/6/12 115 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt she supplies the whole southwest with chicken feed . edith ( modestly ) well , not all the southwest . although we do have a large business ... barley be very big last week ... Fifteen hundred ... harold pull out a meat cleaver . his leave hand rest on the table . with one great swoop he cut it of at the wrist . calmly he put he amputate arm in he lap as edith pause in she story . Mrs. chasen roll she eye and sigh . edith look at the bloody hand on the table and cannot continue . edith bushel . she begin violent retching and tumble forward to the floor . harold look over at Mrs. chasen . Mrs. chasen look over at harold . insert closeup - uncle victor - same as in shot 27 except right profile uncle victor I would put he in the Army , helen . ext . long shot - the meadow - day harold and maude have just finish have a picnic . medium shot - the meadow - day maude be put the thing away . harold lie on he back and look at the sky . harold look at that sky . ( pause ) it 's so big . maude it 's so blue . harold and beyond the blue be the blackness of the cosmos . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 64/105 . 3/6/12 harold shrug " okay . " he do a somersaul he laugh . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt maude spreckle with uncountable star . the star be shine right now . we just can not see they . jus another instance of all that go on that be beyond human perception . 's harold ( he sit up ) maude , do you pray ? maude pray ? no. ( pause ) I communicate . ( she smile ) harold ( smile ) with God ? maude with life . they look at each other and smile . harold this be really nice . make I feel like a kid . I want to do somersault . maude well , why do not you ? harold no. I would feel stupid . maude harold , everyone have the right to make a ass out of themselves . you just can not let the world judge you too much . harold want to join I in some cartwheel ? maude no . I feel more like - yodel . harold yodel ? maude yodel . loud and long . harold join in . they haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt in the grass . 65/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt combine voice echo across the valley and fade out as we : dissolve to : 118 ext . the beach at sunset the sun sit on the horizon . we pull back to include harold and maude sit on a rock and look out at the redden cloud and sea . maude ( poetically ) it 's sink , harold . go over the horizon - where we be all go to go . it 's get dark . " let each man hold on to he candle and get a light where 'er he can . " harold where 's that ? maude ( break the mood ) from the guy who get the match , of course . ( she laugh ) harold ( smile ) Boy ! it sure have be a wonderful day . and you - you be beautiful . he take she hand and kiss it . maude oh , harold . you make I feel like a schoolgirl . harold shall I drop by tomorrow ? ( remember ) oh , I have a luncheon date . with this girl . maude oh. harold I have never meet she . my mother set it up . maude well , be kind . I have live a long time , harold , see evil as well as haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 66/105 . 3/6/12 120 121 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt good , and it have be my experience that kindness ... as maude be talk and look out to sea , harold look down at she hand in he . she be not wear a long -sleeve dress and we see a number tattooe on she skin : p-876954 . maude do not notice but harold be visibly shocked . maude ( continue ) be what the world sorely lack . oh , look ! maude point and harold look out to sea . there Pov a sea gull fly across the redden sky . two shot harold still hold maude 's hand . maude dreyfus once write that on Devil 's Island he would see the most glorious bird . many year later in britanny he realize they have only be sea gull . she smile at harold and look back out to sea . maude ( continue ) to I they will always be - glorious bird . harold keep look at maude . the sun on the horizon begin slowly to sink . int . chasen be den - day Mrs. chasen be talk to harold . mrs . chasen harold , I cannot impress upon you too strongly the importance of this meeting . she be the last girl . the Computer date company be reluctant to send anyone in view of what they have hear . fortunately , I be able to demand they stand by they haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 67/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt original agreement . but kindly remember this be you third and final chance . the doorbell ring . mrs . chasen here she be , now . please try to take this seriously , if not for you sake , at least for hers . Mrs. chasen leave . harold grit he tooth , and breathes deeply . he be go to try . he go to a mirror and straighten he tie . he hear approach voice and he turn to greet they . Mrs. chasen enter with sunshine dore , a stringy , haire actress . harold go up to meet she . mrs . chasen . harold , I would like you to meet eh , Sunshine dore . Sunshine 's a actress . sunshine I like to think so . harold how do you do ? sunshine can not complain . mrs . chasen well , I will leave you two alone for a moment . I have to call my hairdresser . I will bring back some drink . harold , perhaps starlight would like a cigarette . sunshine eh , Sunshine . mrs . chasen . oh , yes , of course . she exit . harold would you like a cigarette ? sunshine no , thank you . they stain my finger . pause . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 68/105 , 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold be Sunshine you real name ? sunshine well , actually , it be the name of my drama teacher - Louis Sunshine . perhaps you have hear of he . he be such a influence on the development of my instrument . that mean my body - in theatre talk . well , when I come to Hollywood I feel the need to express the emerge I in a new form , so I take on " Sunshine . " dore be my real name ... well , dore , actually . my , what a lovely place you have here . she go to the piano . sunshine ( continue ) do you play ? harold no. I be learn the banjo . do you ? sunshine oh , I study the guitar . I have to give it up . gave I calluse on my finger . as a actress I can not afford to have a tarnish instrument . she pick up a photograph . sunshine ( continue ) oh , be this you father ? harold no . my uncle . sunshine oh , he 's in the Army . I do so like the military , do not you ? that uniform make man look so virile . I do " what price glory ? " in summer stock . I play charmaine - with a french accent . she go over to the mantelpiece . sunshine ( continue ) oh , what a wonderful collection haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 69/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt of knife . May I see they ? harold give up try . harold certainly . he take one off the wall . harold ( continue ) this one be particularly interesting . it 's a hari-kari blade . sunshine ohhh . what 's hari-kari ? harold a ancient japanese ceremony . sunshine like a tea ceremony ? harold no. like this . with gusto he plunge the knife into he belly . he drop to he knee bleed profusely . he continue the upper - cut and sidecut gouging with appropriate Oriental scream . he stop and tumble forward - lifeless . Sunshine stand in awe . she slowly bend down . sunshine oh , that be marvelous , harold . it have the ring of truth . harold ... who do you study with ? . oh , I be sorry . I do not want to break into you private moment . I know how exhaust true emotion can be . I play juliet at the Sunshine playhouse . louie think it be my best performance . she go into juliet . sunshine ( continue ) what 's here ? a cup , close in my true love 's hand ? poison , I see , hath be he timeless end . oh churl ! drink all , and leave no friendly drop to help I after ? I will kiss thy lip . harold open he eye . he can not believe this . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 70/105 , 3/6/12 122 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt sunshine ( continue ) happily some poison yet doth hang on they - to make I die with a restorative she kiss harold , who immediately kneel up . sunshine ( continue ) thy lip be warm ! harold , startle , knock over a ashtray . sunshine ( continue ) yea , noise ? then I will be brief . oh happy dagger !... she take stunne harold 's dagger , press the blade back and forth in the handle to see how operate . sunshine ( continue ) oh happy dagger ! this be thy sheath . she stab herself between the breast . sunshine ( continue ) there rest -- she stagger to the couch , clutching the dagger . sunshine ( continue ) - and let I die . she collapse and expire . harold get up . he have never see anything like it . he wander around the couch as if he be look at a idiot . Mrs. chasen enter with a tray full of drink , see Sunshine dead on the couch , and drop they all with a loud crash . she look over at a bewilder harold . summing up the situation , she fling out a accuse arm . mrs . chasen harold ! that be you last date ! closeup - harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 71/105 , 3/6/12 123 124 125 126 127 127a 1273 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he do not know what to make of it . closeup - mrs . chasen she be thoroughly steam up . she make a decision . insert closeup uncle victor - same framing as shot 27 but looking straight on uncle victor I would put he in the Army , helen . int . military establishment - closeup - day military file cabinet open and hand remove a file . int . a military corridor - closeup - day the file be be carry by someone and then drop into a " in " box . int . a military office - closeup - day the file be take out of the " in " box , carry through a door , and place on a desk . int . uncle victor' office - closeup - day the file be open by a pair of hand . we tilt up to see whose hand they be . it be uncle Victor who be study the file with obvious pleasure . int . the chasen den - night Mrs. chasen stand before a seat harold look like a queen about to proclaim banishment . ( as we dolly into she during she speech , we hear the hint of a drum roll . ) mrs . chasen in view of you recent action , harold , I find you have leave I with no recourse but to listen to the solution propose by you uncle . consequently , I have instruct he to take the necessary measure for you to be forthwith induct into the service , and , for you own good , to take up active duty with the United States Army . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 72/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold be thunderstruck - and scared . mrs . chasen ( continue ) I hope they will have more luck with you than I . 127c ext . back yard behind maude be - day maude be hoe weed in Madame arouet 's garden . Madame arouet be work in the back . harold come up to maude . harold maude , I must speak to you . maude what be it , harold ? harold they be go to draft I . in the Army . I be go to be send away . maude but they can not do that . you have not even get the vote . harold but they have . maude well , do not go . she obviously be not perturb about harold 's plight and seem more interested in gather weed . maude ( continue ) perhaps war be part of the human condition . but it should not be encourage . bring over that wheelbarrow , will you please ? harold go to get the wheelbarrow . harold but they will put I in jail . maude really . just put it there , harold . harold put down the wheelbarrow and maude start forking the weed into it . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 73/105 , 3/6/12 127d haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt maude ( continue ) they would put you in jail , eh ? well , historically you would be in very good company . ( she laugh ) that 's what my husband use to say when we be in the french Underground deal with the gestapo . would you like to do a little rake ? ( she wipe she brow ) work , I be tell , do with no selfish interest , purify the mind . you sink you separate self and become one with the universal self . on the other hand , senseless labor be a bloody bore and should be scrupulously avoid . harold ( very concerned ) maude , do you think you can help I ? maude what ? with you skill and my experience ... I think we can come up with something . int . uncle victor be car - day uncle Victor and harold be seat in the back of the General 's military limousine . as they ride along , uncle Victor be be very expansive . harold be be unusually attentive . uncle victor harold , I want you to look at I like you father in this matter . we will spend the day just get to know each other . now , I know that you have no great desire to join the Army . Hell , I feel the same way myself when I start out . but believe I , harold , once you get to know it , you will love it . it 's a great life . look at I . a chauffeur . respect . money in the bank . ( he look at he empty sleeve ) it have its drawback . like anything else , I suppose . but haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 74/105 , 3/6/12 127e 127f haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt the Army take care of you . you join up , and you have get a buddy for life . a large CITY park - day the General and harold have leave the car and be walk along the path . there be not many people about , mostly mother with small child . uncle victor good idea of yours to come out here , harold . it 's a lovely spot . harold thank you , uncle . uncle victor call I " sir , " harold . first thing you learn in the Army - a officer deserve you respect . harold yes , sir . uncle victor perfectly lovely . you know , this be what we be defend . everything that 's good and beautiful in the american way of life . oh , there 's some nut peace petitioner over there . let 's go off this way . that crazy commie bastard . I do not know why we tolerate them . parasite . harold look over toward the peace petitioner . harold yes , sir . ext . a trail in the park - day uncle victor let 's examine the fact on it . I say this country have be too harsh in its outright condemnation of war . I say you can point to many material advantage bring about by a crisis and conflict policy . Hell , World War ii give we the ballpoint pen . that 's common knowledge . harold during wartime the national suicide rate go down . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 75/105 , 3/6/12 127g 127h haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt uncle victor be that a fact ? well , that fit in right along with everything I have be say . War be not all black . harold War be not all black . the trail split in a fork . harold , it seem , subtly lead the General to take the right . they walk on . ext . another part of the park - day the General and harold sit on a bench overlook a reservoir . uncle victor and so I ask you - why the hell do we give up on the Germans ? that damn politician in Washington chalk they up on we side and the war ever since have be a national disgrace . Hell , look at history . the two best war this country have fight be against the jerries . now I say , get the kraut on the other side of the fence where they belong , and let 's get back to the kind of enemy worth kill and the kind of war this whole country can support . harold ( admiringly ) jeez , sir . that 's pretty strong stuff . they get up to go . uncle victor well , harold , I have always be a man who speak he mind . it 's hurt I . I be not like in Washington . I know that . but I do have friend in high place . they walk off toward the reservoir . ext . by the reservoir - day they be seat under a tree , close to the dam . uncle victor they come at I from all side , hundred of them . we keep fire - haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 76/105 , 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt zat-tat-tat-tat ! " throw the grenade , " I shout . " Mac , throw the grenade ! " " he 's dead , " Joe say , and keep right on feed I bullet . Zat -tat-tat-tat ! they keep fall , but they keep come . bullet whizzing all around I . Zot ! Joe fall back with a neat red hole in he head . I think I be do for . but I keep fire . Zat - tat -tat ! only one think keep I go . kill ! kill ! for Mac , and Joe , and the rest of the guy . kill ! - a blind flash . I wake up on a stretcher . " do we hold ? " I ask the medic . " yes , " he say , and I slip into unconsciousness . sir , harold jeez ! that 's a great story uncle victor well , you will soon have storey like that to tell of you own . harold you think so , sir ? uncle victor sure . be able to tell you child . something for they to look up to . be proud of . harold I hope so , sir . golly I never know it could be so exciting . uncle victor it 's the great excitement in the world . harold ( pensively ) to pit you own life against another . uncle victor that 's right . harold to kill . the taste of blood in you mouth . uncle victor the moment of truth . harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 77/105 , 3/6/12 harold begin go haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt ( hold a imaginary rifle ) another man 's life in you sight . uncle victor yes . harold ( he fire ) zat ! harold will they really teach I to shoot ? uncle victor oh , sure . a variety of weapon . harold and to use the bayonet ? pachoie ! uncle victor oh sure . harold how about hand - to-hand combat ? uncle victor yes . harold to strangle someone . choke he . squeeze out he life between you hand . uncle victor eh ? harold how about to slit he throat ? uncle victor well , I do not ... harold I would like that . you could see the blood squirt out . uncle victor harold , I think you be get carry away here . harold Sir , how about souvenir ? uncle victor haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt nto a state of catatonic excitement . 78/105 , 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt souvenir ? harold of you kill - ear , nose , scalp , private . uncle victor harold ! harold what 's the chance of get one of this ? he pull out a shrunken head . harold ( continue ) Boy , to think I could maybe make my own . uncle victor harold ! that 's disgusting ! maude' voice it certainly be . they both look up . maude be stand by the tree with she umbrella and a large peace sign . the General get up . uncle victor who be you ? maude I be petition for peace and I come over here to speak ... harold ( jump up ) parasite ! uncle victor harold ! harold crazy parasite ! commie bastard ! get out of here . maude do not you talk to I like that , you little foul mouth degenerate ! ( to General ) really , sir , I think that you at least ... harold traitor ! benedict Arnold ! remember haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 79/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Nathan hale , right , sir ? uncle victor harold , calm down ! this be ... harold she 's a commie pig . we be go to nail every last one ... maude do not you advance on I . harold of you . you will all end up like this . he hold out the shrunken head at she . maude filth ! filth ! uncle victor Lady , please . harold ... harold ( shaking the head ) just like this . maude ( throw away she sign ) give I that . ( she grab the head ) I be go to throw it in the sewer where it belong . harold ( stunne ) she take my head . uncle victor stay where you be , harold harold she take my head . maude keep away from I , you twisted pervert ! uncle victor Lady , please . give back the head and let 's have no trouble . harold make a grab for the head and maude conk he with she umbrella . she turn and run . harold pick up the peace sign and wield it like a club follow haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 80/105 . 3/6/12 1271 127d 127k haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold I will kill she . I will kill she . maude run out on the edge of the dam , right past a sign say " danger - no trespass . " the water be churn below , make a deafen racket . harold follow she . the General run after he . maude beat off harold with she umbrella . the General join the fray and most of the blow fall on he . much ad-lib . despite only have one arm the General manage to pull the sign away from harold and throw it over the dam . it be quickly churn up by the treacherous water . harold be hold maude 's umbrella . maude be gamely try to hold on to it and at the same time keep hold of the shrunken head . the General join the tussle for the umbrella . furious ad lib as they scuffle . the General finally wrench it free . a pause . harold look at maude 's position , stand next to the General . he reach over and pull the General 's lanyard . the empty sleeve come fly up for a salute , knock maude over the dam and into almost certain death amid the rush water below . a long pause . the two look down but there be no sign of maude . the General , he empty sleeve still at salute , look around he . he can not believe it . such a tragedy . over nothing . it all happen so fast . how do it ever get so out of control ? he look over to harold for some answer . harold look up . harold I lose my head . closeup - uncle victor on he face the shocking revelation that he nephew be a mental deficient . quick CUT montage very fast shot of - the General 's limousine take off . - some hand rubber-stamping a file . - the file close and throw into a " out " box - the file be file in a drawer . - the drawer be slam shut . ext . the amusement park - night Three dance skeleton cackle uproariously . they be afix to dungeon - like door . suddenly the door fly haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 81/105 3/6/12 127l 128 129 130 131 132 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt open and a little cart carry harold and maude come burst out . they be laugh . ext . long shot of the haunted house - night harold and maude get out of the little cart and walk toward the camera . harold that be not very scary . maude no . it have nothing on this afternoon . harold oh , you be not scared . maude scare ? swim underwater with that oxygen device of yours . I be petrify . harold come on , you love it . it be a new experience . they both laugh . harold ( continue ) how about some candy floss ? maude right on ! it would not be a celebration without it . ext . amusement park — night harold and maude be walk down the fairway , eat candy floss and obviously enjoy themselves very much . ext . shot of ferris wheel - night ext . shot of roller coaster - night ext . shot of merry-go-round - night int . penny arcade on the pier - night harold and maude be play the hand -operate " soccer game . " maude put she whole self into it , cheer haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 82/105 3/6/12 133 134 135 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt enthusiastically for every goal she make . people around she , particularly a staid banker and he society wife , look on from they rather dull pursuit . in fact , it seem that harold and maude be the only one have any fun . dissolve to : time lapse - twenty minute later maude and a italian grocer have take on the banker and he wife . the latter pair have really enter into the spirit of fun and be play the game h joyous zest . a crowd around the table cheer the player on and , as be expect , maude be the center of they delight . int . penny arcade - night back by the wall harold look at the group around maude with open admiration . he turn to the machine by he , drop in a penny , and begin stamp out something in metal . maude and the group play and laugh on in the background . ext . the end of the pier - night harold and maude walk slowly to the edge . harold you sure have a way with people . maude well , they be my species . they both laugh and stop at the edge . on the shore — the light of the amusement park . out in front of they - the black ocean and the star . harold look at the star . maude yes . they be old friend . harold do you think there be any life up there ? maude I do not know . perhaps . harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 83/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt Science think there be not . that we be all alone in the universe . maude we be alone - you and I and everybody . but we can look at that star and maybe someone down the beach or across the sea in China be look at they , too . someone we do not know and most likely will never see - that someone be breathe along with we . and the star - gazer of the past - from peasant to prince - and the star-gazer of the future - all of we breathe and look up there . we be alone - but look at the star and never feel lonely . harold you should have be a poet . maude oh , no . but I should have like to have be a astronaut . a private astronaut able to just go out and explore . like the man who sail with magellan , I want to see if we really can fall off the edge of the world . ( fluttery laugh ) what a joke it will be if like they I - she make a circle with she arm . maude ( continue ) - end where I begin . harold maude . maude yes . harold here . he give she the little piece of metal . maude oh , a gift . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 84/105 3/6/12 136 137 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt she read it . maude ( continue ) " harold love maude . " she look up . harold be blush . maude ( softly ) and maude love harold . they both smile at each other . maude ohhhhh ! this be the nicest present I have receive in year . she kiss it and toss it happily into the ocean . she turn back to harold . his face be one of disbelief . he look out to the ocean and then back to maude . he begin to form the word " why ? " maude so I will always know where it be . harold accept that . woman , after all , be strange creature . maude smile . maude ( continue ) come . give I you arm . let 's go see the firework harold offer he arm and they walk off down the pier . ext . the night sky the beautiful burst of a skyrocket . int . maude' apartment — night harold and maude sit at the piano . they be play in duet the Love waltz that they dance to . at the con - clusion they congratulate themselves delightedly . harold gesture to the top of the piano . harold why be there no photograph in this frame ? maude I take they out . harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 85/105 3/6/12 she she out she she haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt why ? maude they mock I . they be representation of people I dearly love yet they know this people be gradually fade from I , and that in time all I would have leave would be vague feeling - but sharp photograph ! so I toss they out . my memory fade , I know . but I prefer picture make by I with feel , and not by kodak with silver nitrate . harold I will never forget you , maude . ( pause ) but I would like a photo of you . laugh . maude well , let I see . go to the end of the bed and from beneath it , pull a old box . she open it and look about . maude I have something somewhere . let I see . take out some papers . maude ( continue ) oh , yes . here . take this . pull a photo from a document and hand it to harold . maude ( continue ) it 's off my american visa . they both sit on the edge of the bed . the fire burn in the fireplace in front of they . harold it look like you . thanks . maude harold , that picture be almost twenty - five year old . harold haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 86/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt you have not change a bit . I will put it in my wallet . he drop a cardboard clipping and hurriedly retrieve it . harold oh , you be not suppose to see that . he turn away and put they both in he wallet . harold ( continue ) it 's part of a surprise I be plan for tomorrow night . it 's go to be really ... ( he turn around ) maude , you be cry . she hold the visa in she hand . maude I be remember how much this mean to I . it be after the war ... I have nothing ... except my life . how different I be then - and yet how the same . harold you have never cry before . I never think you would . I think , despite anything , you could always be happy . maude oh , harold . you be so young . she stroke he hair . the tear continue to fall . maude ( continue ) what have they teach you ? yes . I cry . I cry for you . I cry for this . ( the visa ) I cry at beauty - a first snow , a rise , a sunset . as she talk through she tear , harold be very move . he take she hand . maude ( continue ) I cry when a man torture he brother ... when he repent and beg forgiveness ... when forgiveness be refuse ... and haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 87/105 3/6/12 138 139 142 143 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay . txt when it be grant . to cry be to laugh . to laugh be to cry . a uniquely human trait . and the main thing in life , my dear harold , be not to be afraid to be human . they sit face each other on the end of the bed . we see from the bed the fire glow behind they . harold brushes the tear from she eye . he lean forward and kiss she lightly on the lip . they part for a moment . then both lean forward and kiss again , break and fall back onto the bed and out of camera . the camera zoom slowly forward into the fire . hold . dissolve to : the night montage - with music a lot of the sequence be soft focus , blurred edge , and super with color carnival light . the image be not mean to appear overtly sexual but rather - lyrically sensual - and fun ! harold and maude together in a ferris wheel as it begin to rise to the height . harold and maude on a merry-go-round hold hand across the aisle as they horse alternately go up and down . harold and maude on a roller coaster as it speed around a curve and plunge downhill . as it speed around another curve we burst into : firework a hundred skyrocket burst in air , with much noise . the noise fade . harold and maude lie on the grass , look up at the firework reflect in they face . they head be nestle against each haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 88/105 3/6/12 144 146 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt other 's shoulder . they look at each other and smile . harold lift he outside arm and lay it around he head . maude put she outside hand in he . they hold this position and stare into each other 's eye , as the camera begins a vertical rise . dissolve back to : the FIRE in maude' apartment at the same camera position that we go out on . the fire be now out . the grate be cold . it be daylight . we hear a cock crow . int . maude' apartment - day tight shot of a hand pick cigarette ash into a ash - tray . we pan over and see that it be harold sit up in bed , bare - chest , casually smoking . he take a deep drag and blow the smoke out in a manner that be decidedly sexual . he smile and look down to he leave . we pan over to include maude lie beside he , the cover demurely pull up to she chin . she catch harold 's smile and blushes coyly . int . chasen be den - day Mrs. chasen be on the phone . mrs . chasen fay , darling , I know rene will be furious but if you know what I have have to put up with in the last couple of day ... harold enter . harold mother . mrs . chasen not now , harold ... ( into the phone ) you can not put I down for Monday ? harold mother . mrs . chasen harold , please ! I be on the phone . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 89/105 . 3/6/12 148 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt harold mother . I be go to get marry . mrs . chasen fay , I will call you back . ( she hang up ) what do you say ? harold I be get marry . mrs . chasen ( pause ) to whom ? harold to a girl . here . he take he wallet with the series of photo on it , flip to one , and hand it to Mrs. chasen . she look at it for a moment . she look up . mrs . chasen I suppose you think this be very funny , harold . harold what ? mrs . chasen a sunflower ? she hand harold back the wallet . it be indeed the picture of a large sunflower , clipped from a dealer 's catalog . harold , a little ruffle , find the correct photo of maude and hand it to he mother . Mrs. chasen examine it . she squint she eye to clear she vision and look again . mrs . chasen ( in a strain voice ) you can not be serious ? closeup - harold he smile proudly . int . psychiatrist's office - day Mrs. chasen be lie on the couch . she turn to the psychiatrist . mrs . chasen haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 90/105 3/6/12 150 151 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he 's serious . int . uncle victor' office - day uncle Victor sit at he desk . a picture of the presi - dent of the United States be over he right shoulder . he be address the camera as the President address the nation . uncle victor ( a painful confrontation ) harold , you mother have speak to I about you marriage plan , and though normally I have nothing against marriage , I do not think this be eh ... quite normal . now , I do not want to remind you of the unpleasant ident that occur the other day . I think it be best if we consider that forget . but I do think that it would be wisest for you not to leave the house or indulge in any kind of activity that would be newsworthy . this marriage would attract attention , and , frankly harold , I do not think you need a wife . you need a nurse . n int . psychiatrist's office - day the psychiatrist sit at he desk . a picture of sigmund Freud be over he right shoulder . he too seem to be address the nation . psychiatrist there 's no doubt , harold , this impending marriage add another chapter to a already fascinating case . but let we examine it , and I think you will realize there be a simple freudian explanation for you romantic attachment to this older woman . it be know as the oedipus complex , a very common neurosis , particularly in this society , whereby the male child subconsciously wish to sleep with he mother . of course , what puzzle I , harold , be that you want to sleep with you grandmother . int . priest office - day haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 91/105 . 3/6/12 152 153 154 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay. txt it be the same little old priest we have meet earlier he sit at he desk and address the camera like a tv audience . a picture of the Pope be over he right shoulder ; a picture of Jesus Christ over he leave . priest ( very reason and slow ) now , harold , the Church have nothing against the union of the old and the young . each age have its own beauty . but a marital union be concerned with the conjugal rights . and the procreation of child . I would be remiss in my duty if I do not tell you that the idea of -- ( he swallow ) - intercourse - the fact of you young , firm -- ( grow disturb ) - body commingle with the withere flesh , sagging breast , and flabby buttock - make I -- ( fall apart ) - want to vomit . int . chasen be den - closeup - harold - day harold . but you do not ask if I love she . insert - three fast closeup of uncle Victor , the psychiatrist , and the priest , as they register a chagrine reaction to harold . int . chasen be den - day the closeup harold in shot 152 be pulled back to include Mrs. chasen . mrs . chasen Love ? Love ? what do you know about she ? where do she come from ? where do you meet she ? harold at a funeral . mrs . chasen oh ... that 's wonderful ... I haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 92/105. 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt get a eighty - year- old pallbearer for a daughter - in - law ! be reasonable , harold ! you be deal with you life ! what will people say ?! harold I do not care what people say . mrs . chasen you do not care ! " miss shroud of 1890 wed the Boy of a thousand death ! " listen to I ... harold get up to go . mrs . chasen what be you do , harold ? you can not leave I . she follow he to the door . mrs. chasen ( continue ) where be you go ? he turn at the door . harold I be go to marry the woman I love . mrs . chasen harold ! a pause . mrs . chasen ( continue ; quietly ) this be insane . harold perhaps it be . he leave . 155 int . maude' apartment - night in the hallway harold and maude be giggle as harold finish put a blindfold around maude 's eye . harold I hope that be not too tight . okay . here we go . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 93/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he open the door lead she by the hand . maude oh , I love surprise ! make I feel so - chiffon ! 156 int . maude' apartment - the MAIN room the door open and harold lead in maude . he stand maude in front of the camera and with theatrical bravado remove the handkerchief . she blink and look around . a radiant joy fill she face . 157 maude' Pov the room be fill with over a hundred sunflower . hanging over the fireplace be a banner say : " happy birthday , maude " 158 mo . shot - harold and maude maude oh , harold , it be dazzle . they be all so ... so beautiful ! harold begin hum the Love waltz . harold this way , m'lady . he dance maude over to the table . harold ( continue ) Supper for two . maude oh , you have think of everyt . and champagne . harold ( imitate she ) it 's all right . it 's organic . maude oh , harold . ( fluttery laugh ) harold for you . he hand she a single daisy in a vase . maude take out the daisy and smile . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 94/105 . 3/6/12 159 161 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt harold ( continue ) and after dinner , one more surprise .... he put a tiny ring box on the table . harold ( continue ) which I hope will make you very happy . maude oh , I be happy , harold . ecstatically happy . I could not imagine a lovelier farewell . harold farewell ? maude why yes . it 's my eightieth birthday . harold but you be not go anywhere , be you ? maude oh yes , dear . I take the pill a hour ago . I should be go by midnight . closeup - harold he can not believe it . closeup - maude she smile . closeup - harold he believe it . quick CUT to : ext . downtown STREET - night with siren wailing , a ambulance tear around a corner . Cars pull over as it speed down the street . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 95/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt 163 int . the ambulance - night maude be lie down . she hold the daisy in she hand . she would be perfectly happy but for she concern over harold , who be highly overwrought and cry desperately . he be kneel beside she . the siren wail loudly outside . maude oh , harold ! what a fuss this be . ( fluttery laugh ) so unnecessary . harold maude , please . do not die . I could not bear it . please , do not die . maude but , harold , we begin to die as soon as we be bear . what be so strange about death ? it 's no surprise . it 's part of life . it 's change . harold but why now ? maude I think eighty be a good round number . she giggle . maude ( continue ) I feel giddy . harold but maude , you do not understand . I love you . do you hear I ? I have never say that to anyone in my life before . you be the first . maude . please do not leave I . maude oh , harold , do not upset yourself so . harold it 's true . I can not live without you . maude ( smile warmly ) haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 96/105 . 3/6/12 164 165 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt " and this too shall pass away . " harold never ! never ! I will never forget you . I want to marry you . do not you understand ! I love you . I love you ! maude oh ! that 's wonderful , harold . go - and love some more . ext . the parking lot of hospital emergency - night the ambulance scream in and stop . the two attendant open up the back . they slide maude onto a gurney and wheel she toward the door . harold hold on , maude ! hold on ! we will be there soon . please , just hold on . he run ahead . maude hold on ? hold on ? ( fluttery laugh ) oh , harold , how absurd . harold go to push open the door . they open auto - matically . maude be wheeled through . int . at the emergency receiving desk - night a feisty , old , redhead nurse be explain operation to a rather simplemind student nurse . a gangling intern with horn -rimm glass look on . maude enter on the gurney . the ambulance man move off to the back counter and talk as they fill out they form . harold be almost hysterical . maude , on the other hand , be very calm . she hold the daisy and hum to herself maude 's song . ( note : this scene go very fast with much of the dialogue dovetaile and ad lib overlap in the background . ) harold please . there 's be a haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 97/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt accident , a overdose of pill we have get to see a doctor . it 's a emergency . head nurse all right , now go ahead and get the particular . student nurse eh , what 's you name ? harold it 's not I . it 's she . head nurse it 's better to begin by ask last name first , then first name , then middle name or initial , if any . it save time . student nurse what be you last name ? maude chardin . Dame marjorie . but you may call I maude . harold please ! she have get to see a doctor right away . head nurse Young man , perhaps you ought to wait in the wait room . student nurse how old be you ? maude eighty . it 's my birthday . student nurse oh , many happy return . maude no . I do not think so . harold you do not understand . she 's take a overdose of pill two hour ago . she have not get much time . the intern creep round from behind . intern haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 98/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt could I have you signature on this ? it 's just a formality . maude delighted ! I like you hair so much . she sign . intern it 's in case of damage claim , you know , so we - the hospital - will not be responsible for ... head nurse ( to student nurse ) always use a ballpoint pen . it 's more efficient . harold please , do not you realize ? she be die . maude well , not die , actually . I be change . you know , like from winter to spring . of course , it be a big step to take . intern not that anything regrettable be go to happen . it 's just regulation . head nurse well , then , perhaps you would better skip the preliminary and get to the important section . student nurse all right . ah , what be you Social Security number ? intern purely a legal safeguard . nothing personal , you understand . head nurse no . ask about the insurance . the hospital insurance . student nurse do you have any insurance ? Blue Cross ? Blue Shield ? maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 99/105 . 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt insurance against what ? student nurse no insurance . she note it down . harold this be madness . head nurse I be sorry but there be always a two -hour wait for the psychiatrist . intern it 's nothing personal . it 's my job . a doctor and two nurse enter . doctor what 's the trouble ? head nurse a overdose of drug student nurse do you have a welfare plan at you place of employment ? maude I be retire . harold Doctor , please . she have take this pill . you have get to do something doctor all right . take she in there . they start wheeling she away . intern it 's nothing personal . student nurse and who 's the next of kin ? maude humanity ... she hold the daisy in she hand . she wave to harold as they push she through the door . maude haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 100/105 . 3/6/12 168 170 173 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt farewell , harold . it 's be all such fun . the door swing shut . she be go . harold stand alone . dissolve to : int . hospital waiting room - night to day camera locked down . harold sit on a couch . to he right be a window , to he leave a chair and a light lamp . he wait . slow dissolve to : shot harold sit in the chair . he wait . slow dissolve to : another angle harold stand by the window . it be dawn . the light go out . it be daylight . we hear the laughter of a baby . closeup - harold he be look out the window . harold Pov down on the lawn we see a mother play with she baby . he be squealing with delight as she lift he high into the air again and again . ext . the hospital lawn - closeup - day of the mother and the laugh baby . there Pov we see harold stand forlorn at the window . another angle the doctor come up to speak to he . the doctor shake he head . haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 101/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt 174 there Pov harold turn back to the window . the doctor leave all the time the baby be laugh . 175 closeup - harold we see harold through the window screen . he be cry . he can hear the baby 's laughter . he turn and walk away . 176 int . hospital corridor — day harold be cry . he walk down the hospital corridor . 177 he Pov - the maternity ward he pass the maternity ward . laugh parent point at scream infant . they noise override the laugh baby and join the rise intensity of the music . 178 back to harold harold walk faster . his face be draw with pain and tear . we track before he . he look leave and see : 179 a woman in a room , delirious with pain . 180 a man in dishevel pajamas walk from he room like a bewilder child , dribble food down he front . 181 back to harold he keep walk fast . he look right and see : 182 a family group who have just be tell of a death . they cry in each other 's arm . a ten -year-old boy confuse , look up at they , and haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 102/105 3/6/12 187 189 190 191 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt begin to sob . quick CUT to : ext . a sea cliff road - day harold 's mini hearse swerve around the corner at high speed . Dust rise and tire screech . on the track the cry have stop but the music be building to a new climax . CUT to : int . harold hearse - day harold , ignore the tear roll down he cheek , grip the wheel hard and drive like a man with a unrelent purpose . ext . the rock at the bottom of the cliff we see they from the car window . angle - the car dangerously close to the edge . closeup - harold he seem possess . low angle shot from the front bumper of the car the road rush past as we maneuver around treacherous curve . ext . the rock at the bottom of the cliff closeup - harold he make a sudden right -hand turn and drive out on a promontory toward the sea . low angle shot from the front bumper of the car we see dirt and grass race beneath we - haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 103/105 3/6/12 195 200 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt we bump over rock - angle we see the edge . another angle we reach the edge of the cliff - we plunge off into space .... ext . the promontory - extreme long shot - day the little hearse fall from the cliff , crash at the bottom , and burst into flame . ext . on top of the cliff - day we look down at the burn vehicle . we hold and watch it burn . long shot gradually the fire die down . suddenly we hear the fumble plucking of maude 's song on a banjo . it stop . panning shot we pan up leave and there be harold as large as life . he take a look over the cliff . he Pov his hearse be still quietly burn . back to harold he wipe he nose with the back of he hand and try again on the banjo . he barely get the melody start before he be lose . summon up all he concentration , he try again , and this time he manage to get the finger right . he continue play and turn away from the edge . ext . tracking shot in front of harold - day haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 104/105 3/6/12 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay.txt he start slow but now he be gradually beginning to play the song in its original upbeat tempo . he get better and better at it . the song be very catch and harold 's tear- stain face register what could be a smile . he walk by the camera and we turn with he , and hold . a full orchestra join in the play and we watch harold amble down the road , strumm along , until he be only a small figure in the distance . fade out . the end screenplay by Colin higgins 5/29/70 haroldandmaudehomepage.com/xhigginnsscreenplay txt 105/105 .