harold and kumar go to white castle written by jon hurwitz and hayden schlossberg script revision ­ double White May 28 , 2003 ( b ) fade in : 1 int . billy office ( brewster keegan investment bank ) - 4:50 pm 1 billy carver ( mid -20s , good look , " romantic " ) be sit at he desk , depressed , stare at a photo of he ex - girlfriend . man ( o.s. ) billy Boy ! j.d. bank ( mid -20s , always look for a good time ) enter the office . j.d . get you ass ready ! it 's almost five o'clock and this bad boy need to get he drink on ! j.d. notice he friend pine over the photo . j.d. oh God . give I that . I be burn it once and for all . j.d. snatch the photo , and pull out he lighter . just as the flame be about to touch the photo , billy grab it back . billy do not ! j.d. dude , it 's be six month . you have to move on . billy nod knowingly . j.d . you know what will cheer you up ? some hot chick riding you jock all night long . billy you be such a romantic , j.d. j.d . it would help get you mind off of Sarah . billy ponder this for a moment . billy whatever . even if I want to meet other woman , I would not even know what to do . I have be out of the game so long . j.d. billy , you come out with I tonight , and I promise you will get laid . double white revised page may 28 2003 2 . billy sound tempting , but I can not . berenson need I to update the financial model for he meeting with the foreign investor . j.d . so what ? it 's Friday ! you have all weekend to do that . billy no I do not . the Germans be take a earlier flight back , so the meeting 's be move to tomorrow . j.d. think for a moment . j.d. well , why do not you just get somebody else to do you work then ? billy who ? j.d. get a big smile on he face . he have a idea . 2 int . harold cubicle - 4:55 pm 2 harold lee ( 22 year old , the typical asian -american workhorse you will find in any investment bank ) be pack up he briefcase , get ready to leave for the day . billy and j.d. approach ... billy harold , listen , I need you to update this model for I . harold ( confuse ) but be not you suppose to ... billy I know , but something come up . I have to meet with some client tonight , so I will not be able to get to it . it 's you responsibility now . okay ? harold do not like this , but before he even have a chance to protest , j.d. step forward ... j.d . and make sure it 's in tomorrow by nine o'clock sharp . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 3 . j.d. ( cont would ) with all the downsizing go on around here , we would not want to have to tell berenson that you have be slack . he 's just die to figure out who he should fire next . harold uh...okay ... no problem ... billy drop a big stack of papers on harold 's desk . 3 ext . office build parking lot - 5:00 pm 3 billy and j.d. be walk through the parking lot . billy wow ! I can not believe how easy that be ! j.d. dude , how do you think I get all my shit do ? I be tell you -- that asian guy love crunching number . you probably just make he weekend . the guy have reach j.d.' convertible . 4 int . j.d.' convertible 4 billy and j.d. enter the car . j.d. now get ready . it 's time we embark on ... operation get some ! and with that , j.d. press a button in he car that cause the top of the convertible to go down and a funky white boy song kick in . intercut : 5 int / ext . j.d' convertable 5 billy and j.d. think they be hot shit as they cruise through the parking lot blast they tune . when the lyric kick in , j.d. begin lip-synce passionately . billy love it . when the chorus begin , the guy begin dance in they seat in a unrealistic , synchronize , choreograph manner . j.d. give a thumb up to a elderly parking attendant as he car zoom out of the parking lot . quick boom up from j.d. 's convertible and push in to harold stand at a window watch as billy and j.d. zoom off . he look at the stack of papers they give he ... double white revised page may 28 2003 4 . harold fuck . 6 omit 6 7 int . dr . woodruff' office - nyu medical school 7 kumar patel ( 22 , indian , funky Hair ) be answer question from he nyu Medical School interviewer , dr . woodruff ( middle age , erudite , very professional ) . Kumar have no accent . he 's american . kumar mononucleosis or mono be a infection cause by the Epstein - barr virus . symptom may include fever , sore throat , headache , white patch on the back of you throat , swollen gland , sluggishness and loss of appetite . dr . woodruff excellent , Kumar . I have to say you be one of the best applicant I have ever interview . not that it 's a surprise . you father be very respected in he field . you know he and I have some pretty wild time when we be in mo school . kumar really ? dr . woodruff yeah . we start we own basketball team -- the hemoglobin trotter ... ( crack up ) yeah , we be crazy . Kumar nod and smile . woodruff finally stop laugh ... dr . woodruff anyway -- just one more question . ( read from a clipboard ) what be some potential symptom of pancreatitis ? kumar let 's see . there might be epigastric tenderness , diffuse abdominal tenderness ... suddenly , we hear what sound like be a match be light , a gurgle , and a cough -- the distinct sound of somebody smoking from a bong . Dr. woodruff be confuse . Kumar pull out he cell phone . it 's he personalize ringer . double white revised page may 28 2003 5 . kumar ( to Dr. woodruff ) I be sorry . can you hold on one second ? Kumar stand up and answer he cell phone . kumar ( into the phone ) Kumar 's phone . Kumar speak . ( listen ) oh , hey. ( listen ) nothing important . I can talk . what 's up ? Dr. woodruff be offended . he take a sip of from a mug of coffee and watch as Kumar begin pace around the office . intercut : int . harold cubicle - simultaneous harold be talk on he office phone ... harold I be not gonna be able to partake in we usual Friday night ritual . I have gotta stay late at the office . kumar ( into the phone ) fuck that shit ! we have plan ! Dr. woodruff can not believe Kumar 's choice of word . harold I know , but I gotta get this work do . kumar oh come on ! when have get high ever prevent you from finish you work ? Dr. woodruff be so shocked that the mug of coffee simply slip out of he hand . hot coffee go all over he shirt . woodruff yell and start wiping he shirt with a napkin . harold ( o.s. ) listen , I would love to go home , but ... kumar no fuck but ! I just buy a quarter of the finest herb in New York City , and I be not smoking it alone . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 6 . kumar ( cont would ) so you be just gonna have to chill the fuck out , bring you work home , and prepare to get blaze , because in a couple of hour I expect both of we to be blitze out of we skull . get it ?... okay good . see you later . Kumar hang up the phone and sit back down . Dr. woodruff be stunne . kumar ( to Dr. woodruff ) okay , where be I ? oh yes . more symptom of pancreatitis . um ... decrease bowel sound , possibly fever , dehydration , and sometimes even shock . dr . woodruff ( livid ) Mr. Patel . this be suppose to be a proper interview . do you actually believe after the way you have behave that I would ever even consider recommend you for admission ? kumar no. I would actually be pretty surprised . Dr. woodruff be flustered . he do not know how to react . kumar look , I be just interview so my dad will keep pay for my apartment . I be not really plan on go to mo school . dr . woodruff ( confuse ) but ... you have perfect mcat score ! kumar well , I be not a idiot . Dr. woodruff be at a loss for word . Kumar notice a frame picture of a hot teenage girl on Dr. woodruff 's desk . he pick it up . kumar wow ! be this you daughter ? a disturb Dr. woodruff grab the portrait out of Kumar 's hand . CUT to : double white revised page may 28 2003 7 . 8 int . harold cubicle 8 harold shut down he laptop . he then put the laptop along with all he paperwork into a bag and leave the office . 9 ext . office build parking lot 9 harold walk to the end of the parking lot , where he car be park . as he walk , the strap of he laptop bag break and fall to the ground . harold be frustrated as he pick it up . 10 ext . parking lot exit gate 10 after other car zoom through uninterrupted , the elderly parking attendant stop harold and check he id before let he leave . 11 ext . apartment build parking lot - 6:21 pm 11 harold 's drive he white infiniti g20 . he find a spot ... harold yes ! right in front ... harold carefully line up he car to parallel park . as he start to pull in , a yellow jeep steal the spot from behind . the jeep be load with " alternative " sticker , and have a kayak , hang - glider , and other sport equipment on the roof . harold almost hit the jeep . he know this car . harold ( frustrated , to himself ) that asshole . the driver , cole ( 20' , asshole , high energy , intense , loud mouth ) , put down he window ... cole be join in the jeep with he extreme sport punk friend , who all laugh at harold . cole ( mock asian accent ) this be America , dude ! learn how to drive ! extreme sport punk # 1 better ruck tomorrow ! frustrate , harold turn around and continue drive ... double white revised page may 28 2003 8. 11a ext . semi - urban STREET 11a he end up parking far from the building . he have to parallel park . he 's anal with he parking , go in and out a bunch of time , until the car be position perfectly in the spot . 11b ext . harold and kumar' apartment build 11b harold walk a bunch of block to he apartment building . he walk up the step to the lobby entrance of he building ... suddenly , he stop in he track . through the glass door , he see ... maria -- a beautiful , sweet - look young woman of puerto-rican descent . she 's stand by the elevator . harold can not move . he 's mesmerize . this be he dream girl . harold take a deep breath ... harold okay , be yourself . do not be nervous . 11c int . apartment build ( lobby ) - day 11c harold enter the building and walk over to Maria . they give each other a friendly smile . we hear a " bing " sound , indicate the elevator have arrive . the door open and harold and Maria walk inside . 12 int . elevator 12 harold and maria be stand silently as the elevator go up . eventually , harold get the courage to speak ... harold so Maria , what 's be go on ? maria oh , nothing . it 's just be a long week . how about you ? harold my week be great . work be not too bad . I catch up on some sleep . plus , the guy who work next to I decide to bathe for a change . maria really ? harold ( deadpan ) oh wait , I mean the exact opposite of that . work suck . I barely sleep . and the guy next to I still smell like crap . but a man can dream , right ? double white revised page may 28 2003 9 . Maria laugh . harold 's pleased that he joke work . harold so what be you up to tonight ? maria actually , I be probably gonna work out a little bit , clean up the apartment , and then go over to my boyfriend 's place . he 's cooking I a really nice dinner . harold ( disappointed ) really ? maria ( smile ) oh wait , I mean the exact opposite of that . ( beat ) I will actually probably just sit on my ass , eat a pint of hagaan daz , and watch blind date . harold ( playful ) that sound awful . harold laugh , as do Maria . they smile at each other ... harold well , if you want some company , maybe you could sit on you ass at my place . maria ( flirty ) maybe . we hear the " bing " of the elevator ... 13 int . apartment build ( lobby ) 13 we be back in the lobby . everything that just happened be a fantasy . harold and Maria enter the elevator . 14 int . elevator 14 harold and maria stand silently while the elevator go up . it 's clear harold want to say something , but he do not have the courage . they reach they floor and exit the elevator . 15 int . hallway 15 maria bye . double white revised page may 28 2003 10 . maria walk over to she apartment and go inside . harold bye . 16 int . harold and kumar' apartment - 6:30 pm 16 tire and frustrated , harold enter he apartment . the place be minimally decorate , with one of the highlight be a poster of " billy madison . " harold Kumar ? kumar ( o.c. ) yeah , I be in here ! harold walk over to Kumar 's room and look inside . it 's martha Stewart 's nightmare -- dirty laundry all over the floor , etc . on he wall we see old school gangsta rap poster . marijuana paraphernalia be everywhere . we see a giant photograph of Kumar with he arm around Mr. T. Kumar be not in the room , however . harold Kumar ? kumar ( o.c . ) in here ... curious , harold walk over to he room ( neat , tidy , ikea furnishings ) , where he see kumar stand butt naked in front of a full - length mirror . there 's a " clipping sound " come from Kumar 's direction . harold stare at he , shocked and appal . harold walk inside ... harold Kumar , what the hell be you do ! kumar I be trimming my pube . Kumar look at himself in the mirror as he make a couple more snip . on the floor , we see large clump of hair . harold why be not you do this in you room ! kumar the mirror 's in here . ( be : he crotch ) hey , check it out ! it look like a bonsai tree ! harold I be gonna puke . get you clothes on . double white revised page may 28 2003 11 . kumar chill out . it make my Johnson look bigger . besides , if I do not do this , I will end up with pube like my dad . you have see Osama Bin Laden 's beard , right ? harold notice something ... harold be that my scissors ? oh my God ! I trim my nose hair with that ! kumar dude , I have be cut my ass hair with they for the past six month . harold get the hell out of my room ! Kumar put the scissors down and exit the room . harold shake he head and set up he laptop on he desk ... 16a int . kumar' bedroom 16a Kumar put on some boxer and a T-shirt ( I love Bush : the pussy not the president ) . kumar ( call out to harold ) so what the hell be you problem , anyway ? harold ( o.c. ) other than my roommate 's boney ass ? 17 int . harold bedroom 17 harold turn on he laptop and be ready to start work . harold ( call out ) one of the senior analyst ask I to do a bunch of he work for he tonight . Kumar walk back into harold 's room ... kumar I assume you give he the appropriate " go fuck yourself . " harold if by " go fuck yourself " you mean " no problem sir " then yes , he get the message loud and clear . kumar shake he head in disgust ... double white revised page may 28 2003 12 . kumar oh , no wonder you try cancelling on I today . dude , you gotta learn how to say " no " once in a while . now let get high . harold no . I get a lot of work to finish . Kumar shut harold 's laptop . kumar fuck that ! you will have plenty of time to get that shit do later . come on , let 's smoke a couple joint . harold think for a moment and then cave ... harold one joint . kumar one and a half . now let 's do this ... Kumar exit the room ... harold hang he jacket up in he closet , which we see organize in row of suit and button downs . 18 int . live room 18 Kumar walk over to a table in the live room where he find a m.c.a.t. test prep book . Kumar lift open the cover -- inside , we see a hollow - out circle fill with marijuana . Kumar smell it and shudder in ecstasy . the phone next to the book start to ring . Kumar do not care . he let it ring until the answer machine pick up . man with thick indian accent ( on the answer machine ) Kumar ... it be daddy . I hope you interview today be good . I be call to remind you that you have another one tomorrow morning with Dr. wein from Cornell at 10:00 a.m . do not be late ! Kumar roll he eye as he tear some page from the m.c.a.t. book and start roll a fat blunt ... man with thick indian accent it be very important you show up on time ! mommy and I will be very upset if you do not go . good luck , Kumar . remember , the meeting be at ten o'clock . bye bye . double white revised page may 28 2003 13 . harold ( still wear he button - down shirt , only now untucked ) enter the live room . Kumar be now lick the blunt . harold do not you think you should take at least one of you interview seriously ? at some point you dad 's gonna get really piss . kumar so what ? it 's not like there 's a shortage of Dr. Patel 's out there . my dad 's a doctor . my brother 's a doctor . just because everyone in my family go to mo school , do not mean I have to . harold well , then what be you go to do ? kumar I will tell you what I be gonna do . I be gonna smoke this fat blunt , get ridiculously high , and then get something to eat . harold sound like a plan . dissolve to : 19 omit 19 20 int . live room - 7:00 pm 20 harold take the first hit off the blunt . he nod to Kumar , as if to say " that 's good shit . " Kumar take the blunt from harold and inhale ... dissolve to : 21 int . live room - 7:30 pm 21 harold and Kumar be now smoking out of a enormous bong , while watch tv . the room be fill with smoke . angle - television it 's a episode of " the router workshop . " angle - harold and kumar kumar I think we have already see this one . harold change the channel ... double white revised page may 28 2003 14 . angle - television it 's a anti-marijuana commercial . two teenager be listen to rock music in a house without parent . one teenager ( blonde ) pass a joint to the other ( brown haire ) . blonde haire kid come on , dude . just take one hit . do not you want to be cool ? nervously , Brown haire kid take a hit of the joint . right after he exhales , he walk over to he dad' gun rack and take out a long rifle ... blonde haire kid hey man , what be you do ? brown haire kid I be so high ! nothing can hurt I ! the Brown haire kid put the end of the rifle in he mouth . we see blonde haire kid in slow motion go " nooooo ! " bang ! we hear a gunshot as the screen turn black ... announcer ( v.o. ) marijuana kill . angle - harold and kumar they be laugh they ass off at the commercial . kumar I love that shit ! harold continue flipping channel ... angle - tv we see a News report newscaster tonight ... a cheetah escape from the morristown Zoo ... angle - harold and Kumar harold 's not interested . he continue flipping ... harold Nice . sixteen candle be on . kumar and the award for least heterosexual statement ever make in this apartment go to ... ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 15 . kumar ( cont would ) ( mock open a envelope ) ... harold Lee ! come on down ! take a bow ! harold oh come on . it 's a John Hughes movie ! it 's a classic ! it 's a beautiful story about someone who feel unnotice , unappreciate , unlove ... kumar hey look ! it 's you ! Kumar point to the tv where we see a clip from sixteen candle --[ Long duk Dong talk about quiche / round pie ] Kumar laugh . harold be not amused . we see another clip [ Long duk talk about the chore he do for the grandparent ] . kumar hey , when be you gonna start do some chore around here ? harold give Kumar a " do not even joke " look . he then violently grab the bong from Kumar and light it . Kumar laugh as harold exhales a lot of smoke ... harold we be so high right now . kumar we be not low . harold I do not know about you , but I be hungry as ball . kumar no shit ! let 's eat ! harold bend down and pick up a bunch of delivery menus that have be leave on the floor ... kumar Nah , I do not feel like delivery tonight . harold what about kfc ? kumar Nah , we have be there too many time . ( beat ) I want something we have not have in awhile . something different . something that will really hit the spot . I want the perfect food ... double white revised page may 28 2003 16 . voice on tv be you hungry ? harold and kumar turn they attention to the tv , where they see a white castle commercial take place . in the commercial , we see dozen of tiny burger line up in a row . voice on tv then come to White Castle and try we slyder special - - six burger , fries , and a soft drink for only 2.99 . harold and kumar start salivate , as they see the steam rise from the burger on the t.v. voice on tv imagine all that burger in you stomach right now . mmmmmh .... harold and kumar move closer to the tv to smell the burger . voice on tv do not you like food that 's tasty and delicious ? almost in a trance , harold and kumar nod agreeingly . voice on tv then what be you wait for ? head over to White Castle . it 's what you crave . the commercial end . harold and kumar look at each other -- this be clearly a emotional moment for both of they . 22 int . hallway outside apartment - 7:45 22 harold and kumar exit they apartment . harold you be sure you know how to get there ? I have not be to White Castle in age . kumar I be tell you , there 's one right around the corner from that multiplex in New brunswick . they walk down the hallway , stop at another apartment . on the side of the doorway be a mezuzah in the shape of a naked woman . harold and Kumar walk in without knock ... 23 int . rosenberg and goldsteinx apartment 23 harold and kumar walk into a apartment that look almost identical to theirs . ( instead of a " billy madison " poster , there 's one of " happy gilmore . " ) double white revised page may 28 2003 17 . sitting on the couch be rosenberg ( a seemingly " nice jewish boy , " wear khakis and a sweater ) and goldstein ( a more deprave jewish boy , wear a t-shirt with a picture of the olsen twins -- underneath the picture we see the word , " finally legal on JUNE 13 , 2004 " ) . both of they be take bong hit ( out of a shofar bong ) while watch tv as harold and Kumar enter ... kumar rosenberg , goldstein - - get up . we be go to White Castle . rosenberg and goldstein continue stare at the tv ... rosenberg wait - - we be watch the gift on HBO . kumar no wait . we be starve ... out of the corner of Kumar 's eye , he notice harold grab a piece of beef jerky from rosenberg &amp ; goldstein 's coffee table . kumar ( scolding harold ) ... put that down ! we be not eat `til we get to White Castle . harold act like he 's go to put the jerky back , but as soon , as Kumar turn he attention back to rosenberg and goldstein , he slip it he pocket . kumar ( to rosenberg and goldstein ) now come on guy , let 's go . goldstein sorry man ! we be not go anywhere . supposedly , Katie holme show she milk pap in this movie ! harold be that all you Jews ever think about ? tit ? rosenberg we be talk about Katie holme here . you would never think a sweet , innocent girl like she would ever take she top off . which be precisely why we have to watch she do it . double white revised page may 28 2003 17a . goldstein dude , the thing I would eat out of she ass , you have no idea . ( beat ) Bacon , shellfish , milk with meat , you name it ... double white revised page may 28 2003 18 . rosenberg ( to goldstein ) that 's a very vulgar statement . goldstein so be " I want to pound Britney Spears in the pussy . " but it 's true . rosenberg touché. ( to harold and Kumar ) anyway , if you guy want to wait till the movie 's over ... harold and kumar have already shut the door . 24 int . by the elevator - 7:50 pm 24 harold press the " down " button . kumar notice that harold have he laptop bag on he shoulder ... kumar what the hell be you bring that for ? harold hand Kumar he key . harold you be drive . I be gonna try to get some of my work do in the car . Kumar then check he pocket and come up empty . kumar shit , I forget my cell phone . harold why do not you just run back and get it ? kumar ( think for a moment ) Nah , we have go too far . reveal that the guy be less than 20 foot from they door . " Bing ! " the elevator door open and the guy enter . 25 int . elevator 25 as harold and Kumar enter , we hear a door slam behind they . they turn around and see maria lock she door . she have not notice harold and Kumar yet . kumar hey , there 's you girlfriend . you actually gonna talk to she this time ? double white revised page may 28 2003 19 . harold 's answer become clear as he push the " door close " button repeatedly . the door close before Maria see they . kumar what the hell be you do ? that be a perfect opportunity ! you could have ask she if she want to go to White Castle . harold do not say anything . he look down in shame . kumar you be worthless . harold I be not worthwhile . 26 int . apartment build ( lobby ) 26 harold and Kumar exit the elevator ... kumar dude , it 's only awkward because you be a pussy . just talk to she once and I promise you it will not be weird anymore ... harold it do not matter . the only girl interested in I be girl I have no interest in . like Cindy Kim . kumar speak of Cindy , she call earlier . one of that 58 asian club she 's in be throw a party at she dorm tonight . harold God , she invite I to everything . kumar so what ? she 's fuck cute . let she touch you penis . they exit the front door of the building ... 26a ext . apartment build 26a harold and Kumar walk down the step , where they see cole and the extreme sport punk do lame skateboard trick on the sidewalk near they jeep . they be about to get back in the jeep , when Cole see harold and Kumar walk near they . cole hey look , it 's the brother 's mcfag ! ( to harold and Kumar ) let I guess , the yellow one 's the catcher ! double white revised page may 28 2003 20 . cole and the punk laugh hysterically . harold be uncomfortable . Kumar just ignore they . cole ( to the punk ) come on , guy ! let 's get ourselves some fuck Mountain Dew ! extreme sport punk # 1 extreme ! they take off , drive by harold and Kumar . harold give they a piss off look as they drive away . harold why do I have to be the catcher ? kumar dude , forget about that prick . let 's just go . they continue walk ... 27 omit 27 28 ext . STREET 28 harold and Kumar finally reach harold 's car ... kumar ( get frustrated ) Jesus , that take forever . you know the purpose of a car be to avoid walk . ( beat ) and what kind of parking job be this ? you be like a mile away from the curb . harold do not even start . kumar ( laugh ) just fuck with you . now let 's go out and get that burger . I be fuck starve ! they get in the car and slam the door . the engine start and the car take off , revealing that they be park next to a mcdonald 's. 29 omit 29 30 omit 30 31 omit 31 double white revised page may 28 2003 21 . 32 omit 32 33 omit 33 34 ext . highway - 8:30 pm 34 we see harold 's infiniti drive down the highway . 35 int . harold infiniti 35 harold be meticulously roll a joint . kumar hey , rold -- do you think c3 po be gay ? harold of course he 's gay ! you remember in the first Star Wars when he be like ... ( in a gay c3po voice ) " thank the maker ! this oil bath be go to feel soooo good ! " Kumar laugh . 36 ext . highway - 8:45 pm 36 harold 's infiniti approach a line of toll booths . 37 int . harold infiniti 37 kumar pull up to a exact change toll booth . kumar dude , give I thirty - five cent . harold sort through some change in he hand and give Kumar the money . kumar toss the change into the basket and wait for the toll booth stoplight to turn green . it do not . kumar what 's go on ? it do not register . ( beat ) dude , give I thirty - five more cent . harold I do not have anymore change . kumar should I just go through ? harold no . I do not like break the law . harold lick the joint as he put the finish touch on . double white revised page may 28 2003 22 . kumar I can see that . a car honk behind they . Kumar turn around and see a number of car lining up behind they . right behind they , a big burly guy lean he head out of a car ... big burly guy hey ! move you ass ! kumar ( to harold ) I be go through . harold just hold on . I will walk over to one of the manned booth and tell they what happen . the honk continue as harold start to open the door ... big burly guy ( over the honk ) move , you fuck twat ! Kumar can not take it anymore . just as harold be about to get out of the car , Kumar hit the gas and screech away . harold be you crazy ? a loud alarm goe off behind they ... harold oh shit , we be dead ! harold throw the joint out the window . kumar what the fuck be wrong with you ?! harold ( paranoid / look back ) you just tore out of there ! the cop be gonna catch we ! kumar no they be not ! harold take this exit ! kumar what ? harold grab the wheel and turn it ! double white revised page may 28 2003 23 . 38 ext . highway 38 we see harold 's infiniti swerve onto the Newark exit ... 39 int . harold infiniti - 9:00 pm 39 harold and kumar drive through the dangerous street of Newark . they be very quiet , until Kumar break the silence . kumar that be the last of we weed . harold look , I get a little paranoid sometimes . kumar now we be in Newark of all place . you know we be gonna get shot . harold maybe it 's not as bad as they say . it 's probably just a bunch of hype . they look out the window and see another asian and indian guy ( Daniel and shankar ) walk down the street . suddenly , three hood jump out from a alley and start beat the live shit out of Daniel and shankar . Kumar give harold a dirty look . harold let 's get the hell out of here . kumar continue drive . he make a turn . all of a sudden , he stop short , cause he and harold to jerk forward quickly . harold what the ... 40 ext . martin luther king blvd 40 directly in front of harold 's infiniti , a basketball game be go on between a bunch of huge black dude , right in the middle of the STREET ! ( there be hoop on both side . ) the basketball player briefly look over at harold 's infiniti before continue they game . 41 int . harold infiniti 41 harold dude , we be not drive through that basketball game ! double white revised page may 28 2003 24 . kumar we have to if we want to get out of here . Kumar point to a sign indicate that the highway be ahead . harold forget about it . no way . kumar come on . how do you know they be not peaceful Gregory hine - like black guy ? with that , the hugest angriest black man of all time roar as he complete a monster dunk . in celebration , he violently bump chest with he teammate . harold turn the car around . kumar why ? be car not allow to go through when a game 's go on ? when we be kid , we use to move to the side when we be play in the street . the hugest angriest black man stare harold and kumar down . harold for some reason , I do not think this be the same thing . kumar I be go through . kumar begin inching forward . harold do not ! the basketball player slowly begin move aside . kumar look . they be move . I tell you . even though the player be make way for harold and Kumar , they be still no more than a foot or two from the car at all time . harold be scared shitless . he then notice the hugest angriest black man hold the basketball . harold shit , he 's gonna throw the ball at we . kumar how do you know ? double white revised page may 28 2003 25 . harold look at he ! the hugest angriest black man have a especially angry face . kumar oh fuck . kumar put the pedal to the metal and zoom away from they . 42 ext . martin luther king blvd 42 the basketball player watch the car speed away . after a couple second , they all look at each other , and start laughing hysterically ! a random basketball player turn to the hugest angriest black man ... random basketball player man , you scared the shit out of they ! make that face again ! hugest angriest black man okay , okay , okay ... the hugest angriest black man suppress he laughter and try to make the face . he burst out laugh again . hugest angriest black man shit . I can not do it . his friend laugh harder . he try to regain he composure . hugest angriest black man hold up . hold up ... he manage to make he angriest face for two second , before burst out laugh again . 43 ext . highway - 9:45 pm 43 we see harold 's infiniti back on the highway , drive fast ... harold that be close , dude . 44 int . harold infiniti 44 kumar see a highway sign -- " new brunswick -- next exit . " kumar rold , check it out ! we be almost there ! harold yes ! thank God ! I be starve ! double white revised page may 28 2003 26 . kumar well , prepare to gorge yourself . 45 ext . new brunswick exit 45 we see harold 's infiniti take the exit ... 46 ext . suburban STREET ( new brunswick ) - 9:55 pm 46 harold 's infiniti drive down a street , load with mini - mall and fast food joint ... 47 int . harold infiniti 47 harold and kumar be look for the White Castle ... harold oh man , I be so hungry . I be gonna eat like twenty of that burger . kumar I will see you twenty and raise you five order of fries . harold God , where the hell be this place ? kumar do not worry , we will find it . harold see a high school up ahead ... harold there 's the multiplex ! kumar that mean the White Castle should be just around the corner ... harold and kumar' mouth drop ! instead of white castle , they see a burger shack . they 're in total SHOCK . harold what the hell 's go on , Kumar ?! that do not look like a White Castle to I ! kumar we gotta get to the bottom of this ! 48 ext . burger shack drive thru - 10:00 pm 48 kumar drive right up to the pick up window , where we see a chubby burger shack employee ... double white revised page may 28 2003 27 . burger shack employee I be sorry . you have to order at the drive through menu ... kumar what happen to the White Castle ? burger shack employee Excuse I ? kumar there use to be a White Castle right in this spot . where be it ? burger shack employee ( remember ) oh yeah . there be a White Castle here . look guy , I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but Burger shack buy this location four year ago . harold and kumar look at each other , devastate . kumar please tell I there 's another White Castle in town . burger shack employee nope . harold be you sure ? burger shack employee do I look like the type of guy who would be unsure about something like this ? harold and kumar be freaking out . kumar shit . what be we gonna do ? harold I do not know . should we just eat here ? kumar do you really think that will satisfy we ? the burger shack employee sense they desperation . burger shack employee there 's a 24 hour White Castle in cherry Hill , about forty - five minute away . double white revised page may 28 2003 28 . kumar ( to harold ) I can make the trip if you be willing to . harold Kumar , I have a shitload of work to finish . and you have that mo school interview in the morning . kumar forget about the mo school interview . it 's a non-issue . burger shack employee if I may interject for a moment ... ( beat ) I have be a employee here for three year now , and if there 's one thing I have learn , it 's that when you be craving White Castle , the burger here simply will not cut it . ( in he own little world ) in fact , just think about that tender little White Castle burger and that grill onion make I want to burn this place to the ground and re-build a White Castle in its place . ( back to reality ) if I be you , I would suck it up and make the trip . kumar look at harold . the guy make a convincing case . harold be clearly tear . we sense that this be a important moment for the guy ... kumar ( entice harold ) you can always do you work in the car . harold think for a moment , then lick he lip . harold let 's do it . kumar then it 's settle . no matter what , we be not end this night without White Castle in we stomach . agreed ? kumar put he hand out . harold shake it . harold agreed . double white revised page may 28 2003 29 . burger shack employee Wise choice . besides , you would not want to go near we special sauce tonight . some of the guy and I add a extra ingredient , if you know what I mean . harold and kumar look confuse . burger shack employee I will give you a hint ... ( whisper ) it 's semen . we hear harold and Kumar scream in disgust as harold 's infiniti zoom out of the drive through ... 49 ext . highway - 10:30 pm 49 harold 's infiniti be back on the highway ... 50 int . harold infiniti 50 kumar be drive with determination in he eye . kumar White Castle , here we come . I just wish we have some more pot . I be almost completely sober right now . harold ignore this . he 's typing feverishly on he laptop -- try to get he work do . meanwhile , Kumar notice a sign on for the princeton exit . kumar Nice . Princeton . we be get off here . Kumar take the exit . harold why ? kumar we be gonna sweet talk Cindy Kim into find we some weed . harold oh no . I be not see Cindy . kumar why the fuck not ? you talk to she on the phone all the time . harold she call I . then she ramble on about she East asian student club or whatever . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 30 . harold ( cont would ) and I have to pretend like I actually give a shit , or she will call I a twinkie . kumar a twinkie ? harold you know , yellow on the outside , white on the inside . kumar look you twinkie bitch , you throw we weed out the window , so now it 's you duty to make sure we be high as shit by the time we be eat that burger . harold well , I can not help you out there . Cindy do not smoke . she 's not gonna help we . kumar as long as she buzze we into a dorm , we be set . give I ten minute in there and I guarantee I will find some hizzy . harold no , forget it . I be not see Cindy Kim . 51 int . cindy kim' dorm room - 11 : oo pm 51 harold be sit on a bed , next to cindy kim ( very cute , prim and proper , Korean girl ) . sitting on the floor be a dozen asian student -- pure stereotype ( glass , nerdy clothes , etc ) . harold be kind of creepe out by they . cindy I be so glad you show up , harold ! harold ( unenthusiastic ) yeah . I too . cindy do you like the hibiscus petal I glue to the envelope I send you ? harold uh , yeah . they be ... nice . suddenly , one of the nerdy asian student ( kenneth ) raise he hand . harold look at he strangely , and then over to Cindy . " do this guy think I be a teacher or something ? " harold sit there and stare at Kenneth for a while ... harold ( to Kenneth ) uh , yes ? double white revised page may 28 2003 31 . kenneth Kenneth park. class of 2004 . be it true you be a analyst at brewster keegan ? harold yeah , I be a junior analyst . kenneth awesome ! kenneth high - fives with the nerdy asian student next to he . he then raise he hand again . harold roll he eye ... harold yes ? kenneth uh , this be actually a two - part question . I be apply for a summer internship at brewster keegan , and I be wonder a ) what it 's like be a investment banker and b ) if you would write I a recommendation . harold what it 's like be a investment banker ? well Kenneth , to be honest , it 's pretty ... harold look into the eye of the young , eager , asian student . he can not bear to tell they the truth ... harold ... awesome ? all the asian student start high - five with each other . harold as for the recommendation , I may be able to make a call or two ... cindy look at she watch ... cindy actually harold , we should be get to the party . we can discuss all this stuff there . it 's just down the hall . all the asian student get up ... harold sorry , Cindy . I can not go . I have to wait for Kumar ... double white revised page may 28 2003 32 . cindy you will see he when we be do . trust I , you be gonna love this . Kenny 's mom drop off a big jar of kimchi jigae . Kenneth look proud of himself . harold Nice . cindy grab harold 's hand and drag he away . 52 int . dorm hallway - 11:15 pm 52 kumar be stand in the hallway , accost random student . he see one random student walk by ... kumar hey ! you know where I can get some chronic ? the random student do not respond . Kumar be frustrated ... kumar what kind of ivy League school be this ? 52a ext . princeton dorm - 11:16 pm 52a Kumar exit the dorm , and walk throughout the quad , ask random student for drug . eventually , a hippie - looking student ( phish t-shirt , birkenstock ) tap kumar on the back . hippie asshole heeey , man. lookin ' to toke up ? kumar breathes a sigh of relief ... kumar thank Christ ! look , just give I a dime of you finest herb . the hippie asshole open he backpack . Inside , Kumar see a giant plastic bag filled with weed . he 's awestruck ... kumar oh my dear sweet lord ... Kumar reach for the weed , but the hippie asshole knock he hand away ... hippie asshole yo , man ! not cool ! this be my baby , man ! double white revised page may 28 2003 33 . hippie asshole size Kumar up and then give Kumar he a measly dime bag ... hippie asshole that will be eighty buck . kumar eighty buck ?! it 's worth forty top , bro ! the hippie asshole grab the baggy back from Kumar . hippie asshole I be not you bro ... bro . and if you feel like stay sober , go ahead , do not buy it . that 's cool with I . I can find lot of people who want to get high . I can smoke it myself , man . kumar Jesus , what the hell kind of hippie be you ? hippie asshole one who understand the concept of supply and demand , dude . Kumar and the hippie asshole stare each other down . after a couple second , Kumar shake he head , piss off . he take out he wallet and hand all he cash to the hippie asshole . hippie asshole ( laugh like a prick ) dumbass . suddenly , christy and clarissa ( two gorgeous twins , blonde , blue eye , big breast , british accent ) approach carry take - out bag . they see kumar and the hippie asshole make they deal . christy hey , you guy about to smoke ? kumar and hippie asshole turn and see the twins . they be both floor by they hotness . hippie asshole ( to the twin ) yeah . wanna come back to my place ? kumar please . like they want to go listen to a bunch of phish record while you read you lame ass poetry . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 34 . kumar ( cont would ) ( to the twin , show he bag of weed ) lady ? wanna get high and have some fun ? christy and clarissa look at each other . they like this dude . christy clarissa sure ! sure ! hippie asshole ( but in ) hey , my poetry be not lame ! it 's actually quite good . the girl clearly be not convinced . the ignore he and turn to Kumar . hippie asshole be oblivious to the fact he 's not part of the crowd . christy ( be : bag of food ) we be just gonna eat before this get cold . what do you say we meet you back in we room in twenty minute ? clarissa we be in room 109 . kumar 109 . get it . I will see you later . hippie asshole yeah , see you there . the twins walk away . Kumar 's excited . hippie asshole try to pound fist with Kumar like they be all of a sudden friend . Kumar snub he and run off . hippie asshole not cool , man . 52b int . dorm hallway 52b Kumar run down the hall and find harold walk with cindy and the asian student . he run over to they ... kumar rold ! rold ! you gotta come quick ! there be this two filthy pussy who be just aching to get bone by we . kumar notice that cindy be appal by he choice of word . kumar uh ... I mean ... there be two very lovely , young pussy who would like to have a chat with you and I . double white revised page may 28 2003 35 . cindy sorry . harold 's come with we . kumar that 's bullshit . he 's come with I . be not that right , rold ? cindy give harold a evil eye -- he 's intimidate by she . harold ( to Kumar ) let 's go to the party for a little while . kumar fuck that ! kumar notice a open dorm room nearby . he enter the room , and return a few moment later drag a asian freshman in he pajamas . he push the asian freshman over to Cindy ... kumar here -- this be harold 's understudy . you can do whatever you want with he . ( to harold ) let 's go . kumar grab harold by the arm and drag he away . cindy look piss as she watch harold be take away from she . 53 int . dorm hallway ( different wing ) - 11:30 pm 53 kumar take the first puff of a joint . kumar I can not believe you be gonna ditch I for the Joy luck Club . you know what they party be like . harold look , what do you want I to say ? I be under pressure . kumar just say " no " ! that 's all it take . now take a hit of this . Kumar hand harold the joint ... suddenly , a nearby door open and a security guard enter the hall . he see harold and kumar with drug . security guard hey , what be you two do ?! harold and kumar start run down the hallway . double white revised page may 28 2003 36 . security guard hey , get back here ! harold and kumar duck around the corner . they see a door to the women' bathroom . kumar Quick . in here . the guy rush into the women' bathroom . 54 int . women' bathroom 54 harold and kumar try to decide where to hide . harold shit ! what if he find we ? kumar dude , chill out . he 's not gonna look for we in the woman 's bathroom . harold and Kumar hear two female voice outside the bathroom . kumar shit ! get in that stall ! there 's a line of three bathroom stall on one wall . harold run into stall number two ( the middle one ) . kumar see the bathroom door start to OPEN . he also run into stall number two and shut the door behind he . the guy struggle to stand on the toilet BOWL . harold 's laptop bag keep smack Kumar . christy and clarissa ( the twins ) enter the bathroom . they be in mid-conversation . christy hurry up , I want to go smoke pot with that cute indian bloke . intercut : in stall number two , kumar be ear perk up , as we see harold and kumar both stand on the toilet bowl . from Kumar 's Pov , he see christy and clarissa through the crack of the door . clarissa it will be a few minute , I be about to have the worst case of the taco shit . kumar be clearly upset to hear this . double white revised page may 28 2003 37 . harold ( whisper ) ew ...gross . clarissa run into stall number one and shut the door . the sound of the door shutting cause harold and kumar to look over at that stall . christy oh great . now I think I have to go . christy enter stall number three and shut the door . the sound of the door shutting cause harold and kumar to turn they attention to the other stall . they then look at each other gross out . from above , we see harold and kumar struggle , while the girl have take they place in the surround stall . we hear the sound of diarrhea hitting the BOWL . clarissa ahhhhh ! harold and kumar look horrify . there be silence for a few second until .... christy hey clarissa . do you wanna play battle shit ? we see harold quizzically mouth " battle shit ? " clarissa oh my God . we have not play that since back in camp ! harold and kumar look confuse . we hear a loud farting noise , then the SOUND of shit hitting the water ... christy wait for it . wait for it . ahhhhh ! clarissa hit! harold and Kumar look terrify . double white revised page may 28 2003 38 . 55 ext . dorm common room 55 meanwhile , cindy have leave the other student and be roam the hallway , look for harold . she see hippie asshole walk by , count Kumar 's money ... cindy have you see a Korean guy around here ? hippie asshole uh , yeah . there 's like , two hundred of they in this dorm . ( to himself , but audible ) ` tard . Cindy can not help but feel a little stupid . 56 int . women' bathroom 56 we hear the sound of diarrhea splattering against the bowl . clarissa hit ! we see harold dry heave . we hear the sound of diarrhea hit the bowl again . clarissa smile . christy you sink my destroyer ! scag ! kumar almost puke as he drop the pot into the toilet BOWL . harold ( whisper ) shit ! they see the marijuana unprotected floating in the toilet . we then hear the most disgusting diarrhea SOUND yet . harold I can't take this ! with that , harold run out of the stall and exit the bathroom . the girl look shocked . christy who be that ? kumar look nervous . he quickly bolt from the bathroom . clarissa christy , be you still here ? double white revised page may 28 2003 39 . silence until ... we hear a super loud fart . christy start laugh . clarissa damn ! you sink my battle shit ! 57 ext . hallway 57 harold and Kumar run down the dorm hallway , gross out . as they run , they suddenly see - - 57a int . common room 57a harold and Kumar stop in they track when they see the east asian student association party in full blast . all the " nerdy " asian kid from Cindy 's room be grind with each other as kenneth rap a filthy rap . harold and Kumar look at each other in shock . some of the dance asian chick look pretty hot . Kenneth jump off the couch he be stand on , hold a big bag of pot brownies . kenneth pot brownie for everyone ! Kenneth throw some pot brownie in the air . people grab at they . harold and Kumar can not believe it . two cute asian chick approach Kenneth ... cute asian chick # 1 hey , k -dog ! can we have some brownie ? kenneth to tell you the truth , I be run low . but a quick titty flash may persuade I . the Korean chick look at each other . " should we ? " " okay ! " they lift up they shirt and bras , revealing they boob . kumar dude , I be start to think you make a mistake by not go to this party ... harold give he a dirty look . then , suddenly , the security guard from before appear in the hallway with another security guard ( # 2 ) - - security guard hey , you ! the guy turn and see the guard run at they . harold and kumar run as fast as they can down the hallway , with the guard chasing after they ... double white revised page may 28 2003 40 . further down the hall , they pass the party . the partygoer watch as the guy run by , except for Kenneth , who make a quick grab at one of the topless girl 's boob . when she notice , Kenneth quickly look away , as if he do nothing . Cindy Kim notice harold ... cindy kim harold ! they keep run , past the bathroom , where christy and clarissa exit ... christy and clarissa Kumar ! they continue run . the guard be still run after harold and Kumar , who see the exit door just ahead . suddenly , the hippie asshole walk by , block they path . hippie asshole ( to himself ) where the hell be 109 , man ? harold be about to avoid he , but Kumar grab harold close and the two of they bash into the hippie asshole -- knocking he on he ass . harold and Kumar burst out the door and exit the dorm ... the Security Guards run by the hippie asshole , but stop when they see he backpack , which be half -open , and be expose the giant bag of weed . the Security Guard pick it up ... security guard well , well , well . what have we here ? hippie asshole ( reach for the bag ) aw , dude ! do not take it ! it 's mine ! he continue to protest as security guard # 2 hold he down . 58 ext . dark road ( princeton ) - 11:45 pm 58 harold 's car race down a road in the middle of a forest . 59 int . harold infiniti 59 kumar be piss off as he drive . double white revised page may 28 2003 41 . kumar ( use he finger ) I can not believe it . we be this close to get high and get laid . harold oh , come on , you always exaggerate . we be not gonna get laid . kumar hey , the diarrhea twin would have have sex with we ! and what about Cindy ?! she be look hot tonight ! the fact that you be not into she just might make you gay ! harold I know Cindy 's cute , it 's just ... kumar what ? you would rather have Maria ? from harold 's reaction , it 's clear he hit it on the head . harold look , it do not matter . I be gonna end up with Cindy anyway . it 's just more practical . now can we drop this and get we ass to White Castle ? kumar Fine . suddenly , kumar pull the car over to the side of the road ... harold now what be you do ? kumar daddy need to urinate . harold roll he eye . 60 ext . wood near road - 11:50 pm 60 kumar get out of the car ( leave the car door open ) . he walk onto the grass near the road for about fifteen yard until he find a nice BUSH . he unzip he pant and start peeing on the BUSH .. kumar oh yes ! yes , that 's nice . 61 int . car 61 harold take out he laptop and begins working feverishly . double white revised page may 28 2003 42 . as he type , a raccoon jump into the car and crawl into the back seat . harold do not see this . 62 ext . BUSH near dark road 62 kumar be still pee . suddenly , a creepy guy ( from out of nowhere ) walk over to he . the creepy guy unzip he pants and start urinate in the same BUSH , right next to kumar ! Kumar look at the creepy guy -- totally confuse . the creepy guy simply go about he business . it 's clear that Kumar want to say something . he remain silent for a couple second , until he can not take it anymore ... kumar Excuse I ... I be sorry , I just have to ask you ... why be you pee here ? creepy guy what do you mean ? kumar why do you decide to piss here right next to I ? why not that bush over there ? creepy guy well , this look like a good bush to pee on . why would you choose this bush ? kumar nobody be here when I choose this bush . creepy guy ( get heat ) so you can pee here and nobody else can , be that it ? kumar I be just say .... creepy guy be this like you special bush or something ? kumar no , I just ... ( beat ) you know what ? forget about it . I be not in the mood to get stab right now . the creepy guy calm down . he and kumar silently urinate next to each other for about ten second , until the creepy guy subtly look at Kumar 's package . creepy guy Nice pube . double white revised page may 28 2003 43. kumar thanks . 63 int . car - 11:55 pm 63 kumar get into the car and shut the door . he hit the gas and continue drive down the dark road ... harold do you even know where you be go ? kumar I will be honest , I be a little lose . but do not worry . once we get on the highway , we will be there soon . harold we better . it start to rain ... harold shit , now it 's raining . kumar what 's the big deal ? harold look , I be completely on edge right now , okay ? after all the shit we have be through tonight , I do not know how much more of this I can take . at that moment , the raccoon jump out from under harold be seat , crawl over the laptop , onto he chest , and start biting he neck ... harold ahhhhh !!! fuck !!!! kumar turn and see the raccoon on harold . kumar Holy shit ! harold try to pry the raccoon away from he neck . kumar try to help he . 64 ext . dirt road 64 we see harold 's infiniti swerving back and forth . double white revised page may 28 2003 43a . 65 int . car 65 harold finally get the raccoon off of he . he hold it as far away from he face as possible . the raccoon 's arm and leg be scurrying around -- try to escape . kumar how the hell do that get in here ? harold shit ! it bit my neck ! I probably have raby now or something ! double white revised page may 28 2003 44 . kumar ( look at harold 's neck ) do not worry . he do not even break you skin . you will be fine . suddenly , the raccoon cough up blood onto harold shirt . harold oh , that 's not good ! harold turn the raccoon away from he . the raccoon cough up blood onto kumar . kumar ahh ! dude , get that fuck cancer raccoon away from I !!! kumar swerve the car in a panic , as harold open he window . kumar watch as harold chuck the raccoon out the window . kumar thank Christ ! Kumar look back onto the road , where he sees a pair of headlight heading straight for he ! harold kumar shit !!! shit !!! kumar quickly hit the brake , as do the other car . harold and kumar look at each other , breathe heavily . they watch nervously as the other driver exit he car and begin walk over to they . harold uh-oh . kumar roll down he window . the driver peer inside ... goldstein what the hell do you think you be do ? you almost kill we ! goldstein see that it 's harold and kumar . goldstein Holy shit ! kumar goldstein ? harold breathes a sigh of relief . goldstein ( to he car ) dude , it 's rold and Kumar ! double white revised page may 28 2003 45 . rosenberg get out of the car and walk over . harold and kumar get out of they car . 66 ext . road - 12:00 am 66 the four of they stand in the middle of the road . kumar what the hell be you guy do here ? rosenberg we get the munchy , so we be out try to find a hot Dog Heaven . rosenberg what about you guy ? how be White Castle ? harold ( feel he neck ) we have not get there yet . I think I get raby , though . kumar ( to goldstein / ignore harold ) dude - - how be Katie holme ' tit ? goldstein you know the holocaust ? kumar yeah . goldstein picture the exact opposite of that . kumar Nice . rosenberg apologize to hashem . goldstein who the hell be ... rosenberg just apologize ! goldstein okay , I be sorry . rosenberg ( to goldstein ) you really need to meet a girl . double white revised page may 28 2003 45a . kumar ( to goldstein ) well , if you have the yellow fever tonight , there 's a rock asian party over at Princeton tonight . goldstein man , I have the yellow plague . there 's nothing sexier than a hot asian chick ... or dude for that matter ... double white revised page may 28 2003 46 . goldstein start move towards harold , and reach out to grab he cock . harold quickly back away ... goldstein ( reach for cock ) come on , let I suck it ... let I see it and suck on it ... come on , rold , let 's rub we dick together ... jewish swordfight ... harold back away as the other three laugh ... harold will you stop it ? I be feel very woozy . I may have to go to the hospital . kumar dude , you do not have raby ! we be not go to the hospital . goldstein ( to rosenberg ) yo , we gotta hit this asian party . rosenberg oh no ! no more detour ! let 's just stick with the plan and get to krispee kreme. ( to harold and Kumar ) you guy would not believe some of the weird shit we have be through the last couple hour . harold and Kumar look at each other -- " if they only know ... " 67 omit 67 68 omit 68 69 omit 69 70 omit 70 71 omit 71 72 omit 72 73 ext . hospital - 12:20 am 73 establish . 74 int . hospital waiting room 74 Kumar be sit in the wait room . he hide he head in a jittery manner , as if he 's hide from someone . next to he be daniel and shankar , who be both badly beat and nursing they wound . they all make eye contact . it 's weird . double white revised page may 28 2003 46a . harold enter the room with a band - aid on he neck ... harold I do not have raby . Kumar stand up quickly . double white revised page may 28 2003 47 . kumar great , let 's get out of here . just as harold and Kumar walk down the hallway to the exit ... man with thick indian accent ( o.s. ) Kumar !!! Kumar know that voice all too well ... kumar shit . kumar turn around and see he father stand next to he brother saikat ( a nerdy - look indian guy with glass , five year older than Kumar ) . both be in doctor attire . harold oh , now I see why you do not want to come to the hospital . Kumar give harold a annoyed look as he dad approach . kumar' father ( thick accent ) I hope you be here to apologize for what you do in you interview today . Dr. woodruff be a very good friend of mine , and let 's just say he be not at all amused by you antic ... and neither be I . saikat ( no accent ) what the hell 's wrong with you , Kumar ? look at I . I own my own house . I drive a beamer . and I get laid whenever I want . you can have all that too , if you would just get off you ass and go to mo school . kumar eat my ball , saikat . saikat God , you be 22 year old already ! when be you gonna grow up and stop with this post - college rebel bullshit ? like you life be so tough . Kumar do not have a response . saikat 's right . kumar' father I will not tolerate this business from you any longer . you have one more interview tomorrow and it be the last one I be set up for you . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 48 . kumar' father ( cont would ) if I hear from Dr. wein that you be anything short of spectacular , I will completely cut you off ! kumar oh , come on , dad ! kumar' father " daddy will not be come on anything ! " you will be there and you will behave ! I have put too much time and effort into you to let you go and fuck it all up . kumar lower he head . he 's be put in he place . kumar you be right . I be sorry . kumar give he father a hug . he even give saikat a hug . kumar it will not happen again . kumar' father good . I will speak with you tomorrow . kumar' father give kumar a quick kiss on the head , then he and saikat walk away . harold be stunne ... harold wow . so I guess you be go to mo school after all , huh ? kumar fuck that ! like I care what my dad think . I can not wait to see the look on he face when he find out I skip the interview tomorrow . he want to cut I off ? Fine ! I do not need he money ! harold ( extremely confuse ) but ... you just hugge he ... kumar I just need to get my hand on this ... kumar hold up saikat and he father' scan card . kumar two word -- medical marijuana . harold shake he head in disgust . double white revised page may 28 2003 49 . 74a int . doctor' lounge 74a use the scan card , harold and Kumar walk into a room where there be load of medical supplies , include scrub . Kumar grab a couple and hand one to harold . they put they on ... kumar look , I be tell you , they see a indian and asian guy wear this and they will just assume we be doctor . then we walk right into the pharmacy and get the weed . harold do not appear happy he 's do this . 75 int . hallway 75 harold and kumar ( now wear blue jacket and doctor mask ) walk out of the lounge and head down the hallway ... harold if we get catch , you be take the blame . this be not my idea . kumar we be not gonna get catch . we be gonna get toast and then we be gonna eat delicious White Castle -- just like we plan . all of a sudden , a hand grab Kumar from behind . freak out , they turn around and see a male nurse ( frazzle , touchy feely ) . male nurse Dr. Patel , thank God I find you ! I need you help immediately ! the nurse drag they to a nearby emergency room ... 76 int . emergency room 76 the scene be very fast pace , with several young medical technician rush around . harold be confuse and concerned as the nurse lead he and Kumar over towards a patient ... harold ( whisper to Kumar ) what the hell 's go on here ? kumar he must think I be saikat . do not worry . leave the talk up to I . on the operate table be a patient bleeding from he chest . he be conscious and appear to be in a lot of pain . double white revised page may 28 2003 50 . male nurse the patient be bring in by ems five minute ago . he have three gunshot wound with entry in the anterior abdomen . no exit wound . harold see blood squirt out of the patient be chest . harold oh shit ! this guy 's gonna die !!! the patient hear this and look nervously at harold . male nurse it 's a good thing I find you two . all the other surgeon be work on other patient ... the nurse hand harold a surgical instrument . harold wait . hold on . you see you get this all wrong . we be not doc ... kumar interrupt before harold can tell she the truth . kumar what Dr. Lee be try to say be that we need to sedate the patient first or else he could go into cardiac arrest . harold look at kumar confuse and nervous . male nurse alright . I will get the anesthesiologist . the nurse be about to rush away , but Kumar stop he . kumar hold on . what we should probably use be marijuana . that will sufficiently sedate the patient for surgery . male nurse ( confuse ) marijuana ? but why ... kumar we do not have time for question ! we need marijuana now ! get as much of it as possible ! like a big bag of it ! kumar show the amount he want with he hand . double white revised page may 28 2003 51 . male nurse but doctor , we do not have marijuana in this hospital . harold give kumar a dirty look . kumar ( to himself ) shit. suddenly , more blood squirt from the patient 's chest . harold shout in disgust , make the patient more nervous ... male nurse we be lose he ! you gotta do something ! kumar ( disappointed ) very well . I guess we will have to do this the old fashioned way . kumar put a nitrous oxide mask over the patient 's face . harold give Kumar a look -- " what the fuck be you do ? " kumar ( cont 'd ) first , we need to clear he c-spine . I want stat x- ray of the chest and abdomen . give I two large bore ivs and start a ringer lactate push . nurse , we need 2 unit of o neg on board . use the surgical equipment , Kumar actually begin remove bullet from the bleed patient !!! harold can not believe what 's go on . suddenly , the patient begin have trouble breathe ! he 's gasp for air ! the beeping SOUND monitoring he heart rate begin speed up to a insane pace . male nurse Doctor ! the patient be desat ! Kumar quickly examine the patient 's chest ... kumar ah , I see . the patient 's get a collapse lung . get I a 14 - gage angiocath , stat ! after a couple second go by ... kumar what 's take so long ? double white revised page may 28 2003 52 . the nurse hand kumar what be essentially a large needle ! Kumar direct the needle in the direction of the patient 's chest . it 's a tense moment . the patient be scared . so be harold . the nurse look hopeful . Kumar look determine . with a quick thrust , Kumar jab the needle into the patient 's chest , cause a rush of air ! the patient breathes easier . his heart rate drop back to normal . male nurse great catch doctor ! his sit be up to 94 ! Kumar be cool and collect . he turn to the young medical technician who have be aid the surgery . kumar ( casual ) will one of you guy put the chest tube in and wrap this up ? a chorus of " yes , doctor . " kumar ( take off he glove ) well , it look like my work here be do . Kumar pull the gas mask from the patient 's face up to he face and take a deep breath , get a big hit of nitrous . he then lean down to the bleeding patient , who be just barely conscious -- but seem in good spirit ... kumar ( cont 'd ) say , you would not happen to know the quick way to get to the White Castle in cherry Hill from here , do you ? 77 ext . town street - 1:00 am 77 harold 's car be cruise down some street line with store . 78 int . harold infiniti 78 harold be very excited . Kumar be proud of himself , but play it cool . harold I be tell you . that be amazing ! even you dad would have be impressed ! kumar ( nonchalant ) yeah . it be not bad . double white revised page may 28 2003 52a . harold this be perfect ! we be back on the road . we have direction now . the rain let up . and guess what ... double white revised page may 28 2003 53. harold click on the " save " option on he laptop ... harold I be officially do with my work . ( beat ) I be tell you , thing be finally start to go we way . while they be stop at a red light , Kumar take in he surroundings and notice something ... kumar hey , check it out ! you movie 's play . outside , to Kumar 's leave , on the marquee of a movie theater we see : " JOHN hughes retrospective . curly sue - 9:00 . sixteen candle - 11:00 . kumar and look who go to see it ... harold look at the crowd leave the theater and see maria stand outside , all by herself . he can not believe it . harold Holy shit . kumar you see ? you think you two have nothing in common . but it turn out you both have the same lame taste in movie . hey , you wanna see if she want to come with we to White Castle ? harold no way . forget about it . just drive . Kumar put he hand on harold 's shoulder to get he undivide attention . kumar harold . it 's one in the morning . we be a hour from home . and who do we see , but you dream girl stand outside a theater play you favorite movie . I mean , if we be in a cheesy romantic comedy , and I be you annoying gay friend , this would be the moment I would tell you " this be a sign . " harold stop it . double white revised page may 28 2003 54 . kumar come on . just pretend you be a nerdy asian Tom hank and she 's a hot latina meg Ryan ... with bigger tit . besides , you yourself say thing be start to go we way ... harold let 's just go ! kumar press a button causing harold window to go down . harold what be you do ?! kumar ( call out ) hey Maria ! maria look up . harold quickly duck in he seat . he then reach down with he hand to hit the gas peddle . the car start peeling out ... kumar hey , get you hand off the gas ! Kumar try kick harold 's hand off the gas . just then , the car begins shaking intensely ... kumar ( look up ) oh shit ! harold 's infiniti have driven off the road and be speed down a dirt and rock cover hill . kumar grab control of the wheel and try to steer the car safely . harold be bump around on the way down the hill . finally , they reach the bottom of the hill , near a dirt road . harold you asshole ! my car 's probably all scratch up now ! kumar do not blame I . you be the one who run we off the road ! harold I tell you I do not want to speak to she ! ( compose himself ) whatever . let 's jut get back on the highway . double white revised page may 28 2003 55 . kumar Fine . kumar press the gas . suddenly , we hear a " pop ! " harold and Kumar look at each other -- angry and frustrated . 79 ext . side of the road - 1:15 am 79 harold examine the flat tire . Kumar be stand nearby . there 's not another car in site . harold godammit . you know how to change a flat ? kumar please . only hick and italian guy know how to change a tire . harold look in he trunk for the spare . it 's miss . harold where 's my spare tire ? kumar I do not know . harold shit , where the hell be it ? Kumar suddenly remember ... kumar oh yeah ! do not you remember that time we get baked and start throw shit off that bridge to see if it would float ? harold what bridge ? what the hell be you talk about ? kumar ( realize ) oh shit . that 's right . I be with goldstein . we borrow you car that day . my bad . harold you bad ? what be the hell be we gonna do now ?! suddenly , they see a old pick - up truck drive in they direction . harold and kumar wave it down . the truck stop in front of they . the door open and a shadowy figure begin walk towards they . harold and Kumar be nervous . as soon as the figure reach they , lightening strike . double white revised page may 28 2003 56 . it 's the ugliest man of all time -- he 's in he fifty , wear a crappy mesh cap , but most notably , he have large bump and boil all over he face . harold and Kumar jump back in fear as they catch they first glimpse of he . ugly man you boy need some help ? the ugly man take off he mesh cap . even he haircut be freaky . he have a skullet ( a mullet but with no hair on top ) . harold and kumar look at each other , freak out . 80 ext . dirt road - 1:20 am 80 the ugly man' truck tow harold 's infiniti down a dirt road . 81 int . truck 81 the ugly man be drive . kumar be in the front seat , on the passenger side . harold be sandwich between they . harold thanks for help we out . freak show no problem at all . saw you boy strand there and think to myself , " what would Jesus do ? " harold and Kumar look at each other . they then notice a jesus christ bobble - head doll on the dashboard ... freak show so , you boy worship Christ ? the guy look at each other again , not sure how to respond . harold kumar uh ... yeah . sure , he 's great . ugly man great . good to hear it . the name 's Randy ... but everyone call I freak show . kumar I be Kumar . this be harold . good to meet you , mr... freak show . freak show pleasure 's all mine . after a while , harold start to notice that they be drive in the middle of a dark wood . it look very sketchy . harold so where exactly be we go ? double white revised page may 28 2003 57 . freak show do not worry . my place be not too far from here . once we get there , I will have you ride fix up in a jiffy . the guy silently continue drive , until kumar notice a rash of boil on freak show's neck . kumar ( whisper to harold ) eww -- check out that boil on he neck ! harold nudge he to be quiet . kumar look back over at freak show and see that one of the boil be pulsating . kumar ( whisper ) oh my God ! you gotta look ! one of they 's actually pulsate ! harold ( whisper ) will you shut up ? he 's right next to I ! he can hear you ! kumar see that a white puss be now oozing from the boil . kumar ( whisper ) now there 's some sort of puss ! it 's the most disgusting thing I have ever see ! harold ( whisper ) what 's the matter with you ? you think that just because you be whisper , he can not hear what you be say ? he 's two foot away from we . he can hear this entire conversation . he can hear I talk right now . kumar ( whisper ) do not worry , he can not hear anything . not with all that crust in he ear . harold give kumar a hard elbow to the stomach . he then look nervously at freak show , who do not seem to have hear a thing . harold seem relieved . freak show I hear every word you say . freak show do not say anything else . harold and kumar do not know how to react . they feel really uncomfortable . the fact that nothing happen make it all the more awkward for they . double white revised page may 28 2003 58 . 82 ext . freak show's house - 1:30 am 82 harold ( with laptop in tow ) and kumar stand by they car , as freak show bring out some tool and a new tire from he house , which be run-down and in the middle of nowhere . freak show now it 's gonna take I a little while here , so if you boy like you can go inside , wash up , fuck my wife , have something to drink , watch tv -- anything you want . mi casa es su casa . just do not do anything Jesus would not do . freak show give harold a pat on the back and start change the tire . kumar and harold look at each other . slowly , they walk towards freak show 's house ... kumar be I deaf or do he just say we can fuck he wife ? harold he could not have say that . kumar but he do ! it may have be in mid - sentence , but it be still clear as day . they reach the front door and be about to enter ... harold who care ? you have see freak show . what do you think he wife be gonna look like ? 83 int . freak show's house 83 harold and kumar walk inside and see the hottest chick of all time ( liane ) walk out of the kitchen . she be dress Daisy duke and a tight , skimpy shirt , that accentuate she chest . liane hi. I be freak show 's wife , liane . would you boy like some pink lemonade ? harold and kumar can not move . they be awestruck . liane let I go bring in a pitcher . liane leave to go into the kitchen . along the way , she turn on a record player , which start play a creepy song about jesus christ . harold and kumar look around the house . there be cross and Bible verse on the wall , along with freak show and liane 's wedding picture ... double white revised page may 28 2003 59 . harold okay . it 's official . we have enter the twilight Zone . kumar dude , liane be fuck hot ! harold she 's not ugly . liane come in with the pitcher of lemonade . she pour they drink and hand they the glass ... kumar thanks . ( beat ) so , tell I liane - - how be thing between you and freak show presently ? liane oh , never be better . we love each other very much . kumar look disappointed . harold , however , be intrigue ... harold can I ask -- how do a guy ... like freak show ... end up with a woman like yourself ? liane well , I meet he at choir practice `bout four year ago . freak show be very shy back then -- you know , because of all the hideous boil on he face and neck . but he have the most amazing voice -- like a baby canary . harold and Kumar look at each other in disbelief -- " be we talk about the same freakshow ? " liane well , one day after Easter service , I tell he how much I enjoy he solo , and he just mustere up some courage and ask I out . the rest be history . and we have be in love ever since . harold ponder this for a moment . he and kumar begin drink they lemonade . liane so you boy gonna fuck I or what ? harold and kumar spit the lemonade out simultaneously . they look at each other in complete shock . Kumar turn to harold . double white revised page may 28 2003 60 . kumar rock , paper , scissors to see who go first ? harold wait a second -- what about freak show ... and this whole Christian thing you guy have go on ? liane ( a little offended ) oh , so just because we be passionate about we Lord , you assume we do not know how to have a good time ? harold no , I just ... liane start play with the knot in she shirt . harold and Kumar stare unabashedly . harold look outside the window , where he see freak show change the tire , apparently busy . harold nevermind . ( to Kumar , swinging he hand ) okay , rock , paper , scissors ... liane sorry - - if you boy want I , you gotta do I at the same time . harold huh ? liane come on . give I the double stuff . harold and kumar look at each other confuse . kumar I be not sure we quite understand ... liane I want you both inside I simultaneously . harold and kumar look at each other again , more confuse and kind of disturb . Kumar turn to liane ... kumar um , be we talk about one hole or two ? liane however you want to do it . double white revised page may 28 2003 61 . harold sorry , no thank you . kumar ( to harold ) shh ! two hole it might not be that bad . ( beat ) shotgun anus ! harold forget it ! I do not want we ball rub against each other . no way ! kumar turn to liane in desperation ... kumar what about blow job ?! can we get blow job !? liane well ...okay . ( to harold ) can you help I with this ...? liane walk over to harold , seductively . harold be nervous and do not know what he should do . she take he hand and put it on the knot in she shirt . harold look over to Kumar , who give he a reassure nod . harold then pull on the cloth , cause the knot to come loose , thereby release she shirt . the shirt be now hang and just barely cover she breast . liane ( to harold , be : breast ) do you want to play with they ? harold look over to Kumar , then back at liane ... harold okay , let 's do that . liane take harold 's hand and place they on she breast . Kumar look on enviously . liane moan in pleasure as harold start to massage she chest . at that moment , freak show enter the room , hold a particularly threaten tire-iron ... freak show hey boy -- I change you tire ... freak show see harold with liane ... freak show what the hell be you do with my wife ! double white revised page may 28 2003 62 . harold ( scared shitless ) uhh ... you say outside that we can have sex with she ! freak show run over to harold and grab he by the collar ! freak show I most certainly do not say that ! kumar no. you do . we both hear you . freak show ( calming down ) be you sure ? kumar positive . freak show ponder this . freak show oh ...my mistake then . kumar no problem . freak show well , since we be all here , why not make it a foursome ? freak show pull he pant down and put he arm around harold and kumar ... freak show who want the first reach -around ? 84 ext . freak show's house 84 harold and kumar burst out the front door and run towards they car . they get in and peel out as fast as they can . 85 ext . dirt road - 1:45 am 85 harold 's infiniti be drive down a dusty trail in the wood . 86 int . harold infiniti 86 kumar okay , let 's agree never to talk about what just happen . harold agreed . double white revised page may 28 2003 63. kumar search for some clue of where they be . kumar dude , I have no idea where we be . all of a sudden , a hitchhiker wave they down up ahead . kumar hey , a hitchhiker . should we pick he up ? harold and get chop to bit ? be you crazy ? Kumar pull over to the side of the road ... kumar oh , calm down . we be lose . he may know how to get we back on the highway . harold fuck that ! it 's my car ! we be not pick up a hitchhiker ! the back door open and Neil ( hitchhiker ) , get into the car . neil yo , man , thanks for pick I up . harold and kumar look at neil and then look at each other . they be in complete SHOCK . harold be no longer angry . harold ( to Neil ) uh... excuse I , but ... be you Neil Patrick Harris ? neil yep . kumar Holy shit , dude ! doogie howser , M.D. be my favorite tv show grow up ! you be my idol ! neil ( curt ) hey , that 's great . do you think we could get go ? I be bored as shit back here . 87 ext . dirt road 87 we see harold 's infiniti drive back onto the road ... double white revised page may 28 2003 64 . 88 int . car 88 kumar so , Neil , I have to ask you -- do you ever get it on with wanda off the set ? neil dude , I humped every piece of ass ever on that show . kumar even the chick who play the hot nurse ? neil no , I do not go all the way with she . harold hey , you do not know how to get back on the highway , do you ? neil I do not even know where the fuck I be right now . I be at this party earlier tonight , and this dude hook I up with some killer x. somehow I end up get throw out of a move car , and I have be trip ball ever since . harold and kumar both find this to be quite strange . kumar well , we night 's be pretty crazy too . we have be drive around for hour , try to get to White Castle , but we keep get sidetracked . neil dude , forget White Castle . what we need be some pussy . harold huh ? neil it 's a fuck sausage fest in here . let 's get we some poon -tang . then we will go to White Castle . kumar you do not understand , Neil . we have be craving this burger all night . neil I have be craving burger too . fur burger , that be . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 65 . neil ( cont would ) let 's pick up some trim at a strip club . the doogie line always work on stripper . harold and kumar look at each other -- weird out . kumar hey , there 's a gas station ! let 's stop and get direction . kumar quickly make a turn onto a normal - looking STREET lead up to a gas station in the distance ... 89 ext . gas station / convenience store - 1:50 am 89 harold and kumar get out of the car . neil be still in the backseat . the car be still run . harold we will be right back , Neil . neil shake he head , disappointed . harold and Kumar start walk over to the convenience store . harold what 's the deal with Neil Patrick Harris ? why 's he so horny ? kumar I do not know . but we can not let he interfere with we quest . suddenly , Cole 's yellow Jeep drive right by they . they have to jump out of the way . Cole park the jeep and exit with two of the extreme sport punk . cole late night math league meeting , homo ? extreme sport punk # 1 ( to Cole ) extreme ! harold ( upset ) oh shit . this idiot . Cole and the two punk push past harold and Kumar and walk into the store . harold and Kumar enter after they ... 90 int . convenience store 90 harold and kumar walk into the store , where they see Cole and the punk be nonchalantly knock over random item from the shelf . they then begin play hackeysack with a hostess - like pie . the cashier ( a old indian man in he sixties ) throw out a couple indecipherable protest ... double white revised page may 28 2003 66 . indian cashier ( to Cole and the punk ) please ... the pie ... do not ... Cole and the punk ignore he . harold and Kumar then approach the indian cashier ... harold Excuse I -- can you tell we how to get onto the highway from here ? the indian cashier shrug he shoulder . kumar ( to harold ) he probably can not speak English ... kumar say a few word in hindi , which light up the cashier' eye . Kumar listen as the cashier tell he the direction in Hindi - - it take the cashier a long time to explain it . he mention numerous street and route . it sound like it 's very complicated . meanwhile , while they be talk , harold suddenly see two more extreme sport punk enter the store , carrying a kayak and a paddle . they carry the kayak to the back of the store . harold have no idea what the hell be go on . kumar and the cashier be too busy talk to notice . harold watch nervously as cole put on a helmet and get into the kayak ... kumar who know that learn Hindi would actually pay off ? the guy say the highway 's just down the road . we should be in cherry Hill in ten minute . harold be still focus on cole and the extreme punk ... harold ( to Kumar ) huh ? oh , good . cole ( o.s. ) extreme kayaking !!! harold , kumar , and the indian cashier immediately turn and look at cole , who be in the kayak -- which be be held up by the extreme sport punk . the punk run down the aisle with the kayak and launch it into the AIR ... in slow motion , we see cole swing he paddle around in mid - air , knocking over everything on the shelve -- bag of chip , glass jar of jelly , bottle of soda , etc . the extreme sport punk cheer cole on , while harold , kumar , and the indian cashier watch in disbelief . double white revised page may 28 2003 67 . the kayak land on the floor . cole get out and celebrate with he friend . cole that be so fuck extreme , man ! extreme sport punk # 1 yeah man , on a scale from one to ten - - one be not so extreme , ten be extremely extreme , I would give it a nine point five . meanwhile , all the extreme Sports punk begin go crazy throughout the store , knock food off the shelf , bother other customer . the indian cashier begin yell at they in hindi . extreme Sports punk # 1 casually look through a shelf of various kind of snack chip , discard they one after a other . finally , he stumble upon extreme cheddar dorito . he go apeshit over he find . extreme sport punk # 1 extreme cheddar ! he tear open the bag and start pour they into he mouth , get the chip all over the place . the indian cashier be still yell . Cole pick up the cashier ... cole extreme cashier !!! harold and Kumar watch on as Cole spin the indian cashier around and around . harold somebody should do something . kumar ( to Cole ) hey asshole ! why do not you leave the guy alone and go jerk off to some snowboard video or something . extreme sport punk oooooooooh ! piss , Cole stop in he track and drop the cashier on the floor . he 's piss . it 's clear to harold that they may get they ass kick . double white revised page may 28 2003 68 . harold ( to Kumar ) I do not mean you should do something . Cole slowly walk over to Kumar . the two stand face to face . Cole look piss , but Kumar keep he confident exterior . it 's a tense moment . suddenly , Cole make a quick motion as if he be go to hit Kumar , try to get he to flinch . Kumar stand he ground without flinching , still look Cole in the eye . the punk do not know what to think as they leader be show up . seemingly impressed by Kumar , Cole begin to turn around as if he 's go to walk away , but he quickly double back , do the same fake punch he do before . caught off guard , this time Kumar flinch like a nervous weakling ... kumar ( piss off at himself ) shit. Cole and the punk burst out laugh . cole yeah , that 's right , bitch ! try fuck with I one more time . just try it ! Cole jump up and town gloat and pound on he chest . kumar ( to Kumar , embarrassed ) come on , let get out of here . harold and Kumar walk out of the store , deflate . with they leader victorious , the punk begin celebrate . cole ( like apu ) thank you , come again ! 91 ext . gas station / convenience store 91 harold and kumar walk back towards they car ... harold Kumar - - you okay ? kumar yeah , I just hate that dick . ( beat ) fuck it . at least now we know where we be go . I be so friggin ' hungry ... suddenly , we hear a car engine start . harold and kumar stop walking and look over at kumar' car . double white revised page may 28 2003 69 . they see neil in the driver' seat , turning the key . they watch as he put the car into drive , hit the gas , and take off , drive through a sign , and getting on the road ... harold and Kumar stand there for fifteen second , without say a word , as they watch the car slowly disappear in the distance . eventually , harold break the silence ... harold ( calm ) do doogie howser just steal my fuck car ? kumar I think he do . harold fuck !!!!!! ( to Kumar ) you ! you have to pick up a hitchhiker ! kumar rold , calm down ! harold why the hell do you leave the key in the car ?! kumar I figure that Neil Patrick Harris be a trustworthy guy . how be I suppose to know that he would fuck we over ? harold this be all you fault ! this whole fuck night ! you know I lease that car ! they be gonna make I pay for it ! harold start to walk back to the convenience store . kumar where be you go ? harold I be go to call the police ! I do not want to talk to you anymore ! harold be about to walk in , when he see Cole wind up and throw a hostess - like snowball right in the cashier 's face . " extremes " all around ! kumar there 's a pay phone across the street , if you do not want to deal with that asshole . double white revised page may 28 2003 70 . harold turn around and walk back towards the street . Kumar walk with he , keep he distance . they reach the street . on the other side , he see a orange " don 't walk " sign lit up . harold press the " walk " button on the post next to he . kumar so after you talk to the cop we be still go to White Castle , right ? harold I be not speak to you . harold wait for the " don't walk " sign to change . it do not . he start pressing the " walk " button repeatedly . kumar you know , press the button a bunch of time do not make the sign change any faster . the computer respond to the first press . every press after that be extraneous . harold thank you , Mr. wizard . harold wait for a few second , but when the light do not change , he begin press the button again . harold Jesus Christ ! when be they gonna fuck develop button technology that will understand urgency ? the " don't walk " sign still will not change . Kumar look to the leave and then to the right . the street be completely empty and there be no place for a police car to hide . kumar this be ridiculous . just walk across . harold it will change in a second . they stand there for another ten second . it do not change . kumar come on , there 's not a car in sight ! harold alright fine . you want I to cross ? I will cross . just leave I alone ! harold start walk angrily across the street . kumar finally . double white revised page may 28 2003 71 . before Kumar have a chance to follow , a police car from out of nowhere flash its light and stop harold dead in he track . harold shit ! harold walk back over to Kumar , clearly upset within he , as officer palumbo ( 30' , good look , tough ) get out of the car and walk over to they ... harold ( look at cop 's name - tag ) good evening . be there a problem , Officer ... palumbo ? officer palumbo be there a problem ? ever hear of jaywalk ? harold yes . yes I have . I be so sorry . I promise I will never do it again . officer palumbo yeah , like I give a fuck . I be write you up a ticket . officer palumbo begin write a ticket . Kumar walk over , flabbergasted ... kumar a ticket ?! be you serious ? harold motion Kumar to " shut the fuck up ! " officer palumbo ( to Kumar , unthreaten ) who the fuck be you , shitwad ? harold ( step in front of Kumar ) let I apologize for my friend . I promise I will pay the fine . but actually , I be glad you be here . you know the tv show doogie howser , m.d ? you see , doogie howser just steal my car and ... officer palumbo pipe down and give I you id . kumar ( to Officer palumbo ) wait . hold on . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 72 . kumar ( cont would ) how can you give he a ticket for jaywalk ? I mean , look at this street ! he be not cause traffic or anything ! harold Kumar , shut up ... officer palumbo ( to Kumar ) yeah , that 's not the best tone to use on a cop who could bust you ass . kumar bust my ass ?! officer palumbo yeah , koo-mar . bust you ass . ( to harold ) what 's with that name -- koo-mar -- with like three o's and shit . what happen to good old fashioned american name like Dave , Jim ... harold point to he id . harold harold . harold be start to pacify palumbo . officer palumbo yes. harold . that 's a great name . you should be proud of that name , son . harold thank you . officer palumbo hand harold he ticket and begin to walk away . officer palumbo as you be , lady . Kumar grab the ticket from harold and look at it . kumar 220 dollar !? be you crazy ? palumbo quickly turn around and return to the guy . harold Kumar , I swear to God , if you do not ... kumar ( to Officer palumbo ) no , no , no . I understand what 's go on . double white revised page may 28 2003 73. harold step in front of Kumar and put he arm up to block he . palumbo interpret the movement as a hostile movement towards he . officer palumbo hey , hand down ! no sudden move ! harold put he hand down and Kumar continue he rant , with palumbo improvise little response . kumar let I guess . you be probably the big asshole in you high school , right ? you would pick on guy like we every day . but then graduation come , and we go to college and you go nowhere , so you think , " how can I still give they shit ? I know ! I will become a cop ! " well , congratulation . you dream 's come true . both Officer palumbo and harold be get really piss . Kumar step in front of harold and offer he friend over to palumbo . kumar ( to Officer palumbo ) hey , while you be at it , why do not you write he up another ticket ? or better yet , arrest he . lock he up ! with that , harold take a big swing at kumar . Kumar see harold 's fist come and quickly duck . harold 's fist end up hit officer palumbo in the face . smack !!! harold oh shit . 92 int . jail cell - 2:30 am 92 the cell door slam . harold be behind bar . harold ( call out ) hey , be you gonna do something about my car ? hello ? palumbo be in the main office area , deal with hippie asshole and he mom . the Mom hand Officer palumbo a check . officer palumbo thanks , Mrs. ogelthorpe . you donation to we Police Charity be very appreciate . double white revised page may 28 2003 74 . hippie asshole's mom well , thank you for be so understanding about Bradley . I promise you he will not ever do it again . officer palumbo oh , I be sure he will not . not after the talk we have , right Brad ? Officer palumbo give hippie asshole a threaten look . hippie asshole ( shake ) Mom -- please take I home ... the Mom leave , with hippie asshole cling to she like a frighten child . palumbo shake he head and sit down at he desk , where we see hippie asshole's big bag of weed , along with harold 's wallet and laptop . he then start filing a report on harold ... harold look at Officer palumbo through the bar ... harold can I at least give you my car 's licence plate number ? ignoring harold , palumbo turn up the volume on he radio ... radio announcer the search for the escape cheetah continue tonight . it be last spot in randolph township , head South ... harold turn around and examine he cell . Inside with he be a black man ( tarik ) sit down , read a book . harold sit down , across from tarik . while harold be not look , we see Officer palumbo take the cash out of harold 's wallet and pocket it . harold so what be you in here for ? tarik for be black . harold come on . seriously . tarik sit up . he look at officer palumbo who , with he walkman on , be oblivious to they conversation . double white revised page may 28 2003 75 . tarik I be serious . you wanna know what happen ? harold nod . tarik I be walk out of a barne and Noble , and a cop stop I . evidently , a black man rob a store in Newark . therefore , since I be black , it be probably I , right ? harold shrug he shoulder . tarik well that be the logic the cop use . I tell he I have not even be to Newark in month . then he point a gun at I and tell I to stop resisting arrest . I say , " hey , I be not resisting anything . " so he start beat I with he gun , scream at I , tell I to stop resisting . harold Holy shit . what do you do ? tarik I keep say , " I understand that I be under arrest . please stop beat I . " but that do not work . then another cop show up . then another . when it be all say and do , it take nine cop to bring I in here . harold that fuck blow ! tarik nod and continue read he book . harold see that tarik be remarkably relaxed . harold I do not understand how you be able to be so calm about all this . tarik Son , I be fat . I be black . I can not dance . and I have two gay father . I have have people mess with I my whole life . ( beat ) I learn a long time ago , there 's no point in get all rile up every time a bunchy of idiot give you a hard time . because in the end , the universe tend to unfold as it should . double white revised page may 28 2003 76 . harold take this all in . tarik so what be you in here for ? harold assault a officer . tarik they try to pin that shit on you too ? harold no . I actually do hit the cop . but only because I be try to hit my friend . well , ex -friend . suddenly , officer reilly hang up the phone on he desk . he shout out to the other officer in the room : officer reilly hey , listen up guy ! multiple gun shot fire in millbrook Park ! it sound bad ! officer palumbo finally , some action ! I be go ! another cop , officer martone , get up ... officer martone no -- I be go ! all six officer in the room jump out of they desk and run for the door . harold and tarik can not believe it . 93 ext . police station - continuous 93 we see the officer get into they police car and drive off . 94 int . jail cell - continuous 94 harold and tarik be now leave all alone in they cell . harold that be strange . suddenly , a loud bang sound be make from a ventilation shaft on the ceiling , above one of the officer 's desk . harold what the hell be that ? kumar ( o.c. ) ( from inside the shaft ) rold ? be that you ? double white revised page may 28 2003 77 . although he voice be muffle , we can hear Kumar 's word . tarik be very confuse . harold ( shouting out ) Kumar ?! what the fuck be you do ?! kumar ( o.c . ) be the cop still there ? harold no , they ... wait a second , do you ... kumar ( o.c. ) I call and make up some story about a shoot in millbrook park ... harold Jesus Christ ! what do you do that for ?! kumar ( o.c. ) I be fuck starve ! I figure I would bust you out , and we would get over to White Castle . harold forget it ! I do not want to get in any more trouble ! I be already in here because of you ! kumar ( o.c. ) hey , fuck you ! what do you want I to do ? stand there and take the hit ? you know , I have never take a swing at you before . never . harold well , I never get you car steal ! tarik hey , I be try to read here . kumar ( o.c. ) look , rold , I be sorry . but you be not the only one deal with shit . my dad 's cut I off , remember ? harold hey asshole , I be in jail ! do not bitch to I about you problem ! just leave I alone . I do not want you help . kumar ( o.c . ) you do not want my help ? Fine ! I be outta here ! double white revised page may 28 2003 78 . we hear a couple bang sound from the ventilation shaft . then a couple more . then a couple more . pout , harold pretend to ignore it . kumar ( o.c. ) uh ... rold ? how do I get out of here ? tarik roll he eye in disbelief . harold how the hell should I know ? kumar ( o.c. ) this be not good . we hear the bang noise again . and again . suddenly , the ventilation shaft break off the ceiling and kumar fall out onto the ground ... harold Jesus Christ . tarik shake he head . kumar ow ...my ass . Kumar get up and walk over to the cell . kumar you sure you do not want to get out ? harold and become a fugitive ? be you nut ? the guy have all my information . harold point to palumbo 's desk , which have the police report , harold 's i.d. , and he laptop . kumar so what ? we will take everything he write down about you and leave . ( beat ) unless you want to stay here all night and not be able to hand you work in tomorrow . harold think about this for a second . harold Fine . hurry up . Kumar smile . he begin search for a key . double white revised page may 28 2003 79 . 95 ext . police station - continuous 95 we see all the police car returning to the station . 96 int . police station 96 Kumar find a big metal key ring on palumbo 's desk ... kumar yes ! I be hope it would be one of this big ring of key . now I get to try all of they to see which one will ... harold Kumar , hurry the fuck up ! Kumar run over to the cell door . he try out a couple key , when he suddenly smell something ... kumar what 's that smell ? Kumar turn he head and see the enormous bag of weed on Officer Reilly 's desk . harold Kumar ?... Kumar ! Kumar can not hear harold . he 's in a trance . we begin to hear a romantic song as Kumar stare lovingly at the bag of weed ... dissolve to : 97 ext . park ( swingset ) - day 97 it 's a beautiful , sunny day in the park , as kumar push the bag of weed on a swing , like young lover do in movie ... dissolve to : 98 int . miniature golf course - night 98 kumar have he arm around the bag of weed as he help it swing the golf club . it 's a hole in one ! kumar turn the bag of weed around and give it a kiss . dissolve to : 99 ext . hip STREET - night 99 Kumar and the bag of weed be sit down , pose for a caricature sketch artist . the artist reveal he sketch to Kumar and the bag of weed . it obviously look ridiculous . double white revised page may 28 2003 80 . 100 int . kumar' bedroom - night 100 the bag of weed be lie on kumar 's bed , while kumar give it a massage ... dissolve to : 101 int . kumar' bedroom - night 101 kumar be lie on the bed , while the bag of weed be give he a massage ( yes , the bag have little arm and hand now ) . dissolve to : 102 ext . alley - day 102 the bag of weed be hold a box contain picture and memorabilia of it 's relationship to the hippie asshole . the bag of weed throw the box in a garbage can . Kumar light a match and throw it in the can , set it aflame . he and the bag of weed face each other and kiss ... dissolve to : 102a int . kumar' bedroom - night 102a a naked kumar and the bag of weed be kissing in bed . the bag of weed start to go under the cover . we watch , as the sheet move up and down . kumar start to have a orgasm ... the bag of weed come up from under the cover . Kumar give it a kiss . then , he goe under the cover . we see the bag of weed start to tremble and shudder in ecstasy ... 103 int . kitchen table - afternoon 103 kumar ( wear a wife - beater undershirt and boxer ) be frustrated as he look at he bill . the bag of weed ( wear a pink bathrobe ) come out of the kitchen hold a mug of coffee . it give kumar the coffee . kumar take a sip . it be too cold . he spit it out and slap the bag of weed ... depressed , the bag of weed walk away from the table ... kumar hear the bag of weed cry from the other room . he obviously feel guilty ... kumar get up and run over to the bag of weed . he pick it up , give it a kiss , and embrace it with all of he soul ... dissolve to : double white revised page may 28 2003 81 . 104 int . jail cell 104 Kumar walk away from the cell , go over to the desk , pick up the bag of weed and caress it ... harold what the hell be you ... suddenly , all six police officer come back into the room , push a black man wear pajamas ( nathaniel bank ) . Nathaniel seem very gentle . he 's even wear a turtleneck sweater . officer palumbo ( to Nathaniel ) you think you could get away with this , huh ? nathaniel where be I ? I be in bed . I do not fire any gun , I swear ... suddenly , Officer Reilly look over to the jail cell ... officer reilly ( point ) look ! all the cop turn to the cell . Kumar be still hold the weed . he do not know what to do . harold be scared shitless . officer palumbo ( be : tarik ) shit ! Jackson 's try to escape ! tarik look up from he book ... tarik what ? oh , not again ! the cop handcuff Nathaniel to the leg of a desk , and run over to the jail cell , ignore Kumar and the weed . officer palumbo stop try to escape ! tarik I be not try to escape ! look at I , I be sit down ! they turn the key that be already in the keyhole and storm into the room . harold stand back , confuse . tarik lean against the wall , ready to be handcuff . the cop grab he and throw he down against the bed . double white revised page may 28 2003 82 . officer reilly he 's try to break free ! hold he tight ! in the midst of all the action , Kumar grab harold and pull he out of the cell . harold goe over to palumbo' desk and pick up he wallet and laptop , along with the police report . they start run out of the room . Kumar 's still cling to the weed . harold ( to Kumar ) wait -- should not we do something about this ? nathaniel ( to harold ) if I be you , I would get out of here as soon as possible . with that , harold and Kumar run out ... 105 ext . police station 105 harold and kumar ( still cling to the weed ) burst out the door and run down the step . they race through the street and start head towards a forest . kumar hurry up ! 106 ext . forest - 3:20 am 106 harold and kumar have stop run . they start catch they breath . harold Jesus Christ ! that place be a fuck mad house ! thanks for get I out of there , dude . kumar hey , man , the burger would not taste as good if you be not there . ( beat , be : weed ) dude , look at this . it 's like we go from be break to be millionaire . suddenly , they hear what sound like a coyote's howl . harold what be that ? kumar just a coyote . do not worry . double white revised page may 28 2003 83. harold be not people suppose to be scared of coyote ? kumar that 's only because they sound scary . in one on one combat , either one of we can take a coyote down . suddenly , a cheetah jump out from behind a BUSH and lets out a monstrous roar ! kumar ( cont 'd ) now cheetah , they be another story . the cheetah stare harold and kumar down . harold we be gonna die . kumar just calm down . cheetah be use to eat zebras and shit . they be not know for eat human . with that , the cheetah walk over to a nearby BUSH and drag out a half - eaten human corpse it's obviously be devouring . harold we be gonna die . kumar okay , I will admit , that 's not a good sign . but I be sure if we just stay calm he will probably leave we alone . harold and kumar stand silently . slowly , the cheetah begin walk directly over to harold ... harold ( whisper ) this be not work . kumar shhh. suddenly , the cheetah open he mouth wide and chomp down on what appear to be harold groin area . harold ( eye close , scream ) he's mauling I ! he's mauling I ! harold continue scream for the next ten second . eventually , he calm down and look at the cheetah . double white revised page may 28 2003 84 . the cheetah be not eating harold . he's eating the beef jerky that harold have in he pant . kumar ( annoyed ) I think I tell you not to take that jerky ! harold simply fall to the ground relieved that he have not be eat . the cheetah walk over to harold and begin lick harold 's face in friendship . harold he like I . suddenly , Kumar 's eye light up ... kumar dude , I think I have a idea . harold what be it ? kumar I will tell you , but first we have to get really high . Kumar open the bag of weed . Pan up to the night sky for a time lapse . we see smoke come up from below . Pan back down ... 107 omit 107 108 ext . forest - day 108 harold and Kumar be now sit on top of the cheetah , smoking joint . Kumar have a belt around the cheetah 's neck like reign on a horse . harold have it come to this ? be we really gonna ride this cheetah ? kumar hey , cheetah be the fastest animal on the planet . it 's as good as a car . Kumar take one last drag of a joint and flick it away . harold this be either a really smart move , or by far the stupidest thing we have ever do . harold put he arm around kumar to hold on . Kumar put the bag of weed under he shirt ... double white revised page may 28 2003 85 . kumar well , we will soon find out . ( like to a snow dog ) mush ! mush ! suddenly , the cheetah dart out like lightening with harold and kumar on it's back . even though it make absolutely no sense , we see the cheetah zooming past street and forest . harold and kumar be bouncing up and down as it race across a major highway ... harold dude , be I just really high or be this be actually work ?! kumar both ! harold this be great ! we will be at White Castle in no ... smack ! a branch hit harold in the face , knocking he off the cheetah . harold land on the ground -- he head bleed . his eye slowly close as he go unconscious ... dissolve to : 109 ext . the land of burger - day 109 the land of burger be a oz - like world -- the entire terrain , with all it 's roll hill , be made up of hamburgers . Music play as harold and maria skip through the land of burger , hold hand . along the way , they run by ... the black guy from the basketball game , all waltzing with each other , in white tuxedo . hugest angriest black guy give harold the same scary look from before .... freak show be shoveling some burger from the ground into a wheelbarrow . he wave to harold and Maria . he then take out a chainsaw and start cut off the arm he 's wave with . kumar and the male nurse , who be play twister , while get high . after a spin of the wheel , Kumar reluctantly get in a position where it look like he 's take the male nurse from behind . Kumar 's not happy . harold and Maria fall to the ground -- they roll down a hill , until harold be on top of maria . harold pick up a burger from the ground . Maria do the same . they proceed to feed each other they burger . they munch on they , look into each other 's eye ... double white revised page may 28 2003 86 . maria I love you , harold . harold I love you , Maria . maria get up and run away . harold playfully chase she . Maria run over to a french fry tree . she pluck a couple french fry from the branch and feed they to harold . cole ( o.s. ) wow , you guy be really extreme ... harold turn and see cole kayaking down a nearby stream ... cole ... extremely gay that be . suddenly , a arrow goe right through cole's neck ! blood start gushing out . he fall off the kayak , into the water . harold be shocked . he turn around and see maria , holding a crossbow . she smile at he . he then jump on top of her and they begin making love on top of the burger ... maria oh harold ! yes ! yes ! oh , God -- you have the biggest dick of all time ! it 's so long ! and wide , for that matter ! suddenly , harold turn and see the burger shack employee lie down near they . he be stare at they , with no expression on he face , with he hand down he pants -- rub he penis furiously . harold be disturb . maria do not worry about he ... maria roll over so she' on top of harold . she start licking he face , like a dog . when she doesn't stop licking , harold start getting a little confuse ... 110 ext . wood near road - 4:00 am 110 harold wake up to find kumar licking he face . harold jump away from he ... double white revised page may 28 2003 87 . harold what the hell be you do ?!!! kumar I be sorry ! you have be out cold for the past half - hour ! I figure that maybe if I do some gay shit you would wake up . harold wipe he face with he sleeve . he then get up -- he see that they be by a random road , all by themselves . harold what happen to the cheetah ? kumar it run away . but forget about that . I have some bad news and some worse news . harold ( nervous ) tell I the worse news first . kumar I check out some road sign . the cheetah take we in the wrong direction . harold that suck . what 's the bad news ? kumar you laptop be completely destroy . Kumar point to the laptop , which be outside of it 's bag , break in piece . harold what ???????? kumar it smashed against a tree when you fall off the cheetah . harold why the hell do not you say that that be the " worse news " ? kumar well , the laptop really only effect you . whereas the White Castle situation effect both of we equally . harold oh no ! no! no ! kumar do not worry , dude . you laptop 's insure . double white revised page may 28 2003 88. harold it 's not that ! all my work be save in there ! now I gotta go back to the office and re-do everything ! kumar exactly . first , we will take a cab over to White Castle , then we will ... harold forget White Castle . there 's no time ! kumar come on , rold ! you can get that shit do in a couple hour . we can not quit now ! suddenly , they hear loud rap music playing in the distance . harold and kumar slowly turn around and see ... harold car airborne as it scale a hill ! the car land , causing SPARKS to fly from the shock . 111 int . harold car 111 neil patrick harris be drive the car , surrounded by four hot completely naked stripper . the stripper be all over neil , kissing he neck , and passing a joint around . one of the stripper lie across the front seat with her ass in front of neil . another stripper pour a line of cocaine on that stripper' ass . neil snort the cocaine from the stripper' ass !!! 112 ext . STREET 112 harold and Kumar stand there , speechless , as Neil drive right past they , splash a puddle in harold 's face ! they stand there , watch silently as neil drive off . harold be now drench . muddy water drip from he hair and clothing . he give Kumar a dirty look . Kumar know he should not push harold any further . kumar Fine ... we will find a pay phone and get a cab back to you office . harold , furious and almost in tear , simply nod " yes . " CUT to : double white revised page may 28 2003 89 . 112a ext . dirt road 112a Kumar , disappointed , walk down the road with a miserable harold . when they reach the corner ... kumar ( point ) look , there 's a krispee kreme . we will call from there . 113 ext . krispee kreme donut 113 harold and Kumar walk over to the parking lot . unfortunately , they notice a familiar yellow jeep cover in sticker . kumar oh great . here we go again . cole and the extreme sport punk be hacky - sacking in the parking lot . they skateboard be sit nearby . cole ( o.s. ) ( to Kumar ) hey apu ! cole laugh . Kumar try to ignore he ... cole who 's run the quik-e - Mart while you be go ? cole pound fist with he friend . kumar ( to rold ) Fucking asshole . suddenly , harold stop in he track . he 's notice something through the krispee kreme window . he stop kumar and point ... harold look ! through the window , we see rosenberg and goldstein inside , sit at a booth . they both have a dozen donut and five carton of milk . it look like they just sit down ... goldstein savor he first bite of he powdered blueberry filled donut and rosenberg lick he finger after he first bite of he chocolate cream filled donut . harold and kumar watch through the window longingly ... double white revised page may 28 2003 90 . harold ( yearn ) I want that . kumar what ? a chocolate cream fill ? harold no . I want that feel . ( beat ) the feel that come over a man when he finally get exactly what he desire . ( beat ) I need that feel . kumar be you say what I think you be say ? harold we gotta go to White Castle . kumar give harold a hug . kumar yes ! I know you have it in you ! suddenly , Kumar notice something else inside . someone else be sit down at rosenberg &amp ; goldstein 's table ... kumar be that Cindy Kim ? harold watch as Cindy Kim sit down next to goldstein . goldstein put he arm around she and feed she a piece of donut . it look like goldstein and Cindy be " a item . " kumar you should have bone she when you have the chance . before harold can respond , he 's hit in the back of the head by a hacky sack ! Cole and the punk laugh at harold . harold ( to Cole ) hey , why do not you just leave we alone ? cole oh yeah ? what be you gonna do about it , Mr. miagi ? Cole get in the crane position a la the karate kid ... harold be quiet for a moment as he look at Cole 's little racist routine . he then let out a little laugh ... double white revised page may 28 2003 91 . harold nothing . harold turn around and start walk towards the krispee kreme entrance . Kumar follow . in the background Cole and the punk be laugh about what a " pussy " harold be . kumar ( piss off , but powerless ) fuck ! I be so sick of they bullshit ! harold ( totally calm ) do not worry . the universe tend to unfold as it should . Kumar give a " what the fuck be he talk about ? " look . harold besides , I have a plan . follow my lead ... kumar you lead ? harold walk past the krispee kreme entrance and head towards the yellow jeep at a brisk pace . kumar follow . suddenly , harold snatch cole's keys from the hood of the jeep and rush inside the driver' side . one of the extreme Sports punk see harold do this ... extreme sport punk # 1 hey , Cole ! look ! Cole turn to see harold in he car . Kumar be about to get in the passenger 's side . Cole and the punk start run towards the car ! Kumar see this and quickly get inside . harold put the car in reverse , nearly hit the punk . 114 int . cole's yellow jeep 114 harold be shifting gear ... kumar what the hell be you do ?! harold I be steal they car . kumar this be you plan ? harold it 's work be not it ? double white revised page may 28 2003 92 . harold drive the car out of the parking lot . Cole and the punk give chase on they skateboard . kumar ( laugh ) hey , slow down to like 25 mph , so they think they have a chance to catch up . 115 ext . road 115 harold drive cole's jeep down at a speed just slow enough for cole and the punk to think that they have a chance ... 116 int . cole's yellow jeep 116 Kumar then stick he head out the window ... kumar ( in thick indian accent ) thank you , come again ! harold gun it -- leave Cole and the punk in the dust . 117 ext . road 117 we see Cole and the punk watch in disbelief as harold and Kumar drive off with they car . extreme sport punk # 1 dude , that be so not extreme ! cole I know extreme Sports punk # 1 , I know . the extreme Sports punk walk away , leave Cole by himself . 118 int . cole's yellow jeep 118 harold and kumar be laugh and slapping five . kumar Victory be sweet ! Nice job , roldy ! harold I have to do something . kumar begin sniff something in the air ... kumar wait . do you smell that ? kumar keep sniff . he turn around to the back seat . he reach back and pick something up from off the floor . it 's a white castle bag . he pour out the content and we see empty white castle hamburger carton fall onto Kumar 's lap . double white revised page may 28 2003 93 . kumar that asshole get to have White Castle ?! harold this world be so unfair . kumar do not worry . forget about that . we have a car now . we be back in the game . pretty soon we will be eat we own White Castle . want I to drive ? harold no . I have get everything under control . we should be able to get there with enough time for I to get my work do after we feast . just find we some tune . a tape be rest in the tape deck . kumar push it in ... harold and kumar look at each other amaze that cole have some lame chick song on he tape . kumar that guy be fuck poser ! 119 ext . highway 119 we see cole's yellow jeep speed along the highway . we see sign indicate they be get closer to cherry Hill ... 120 int . cole's yellow jeep 120 harold and Kumar be now listen to another lame chick song . while they be not fully embrace the song , it 's clear they be kind of enjoy it . 121 ext . highway 121 the guy take the cherry Hill exit . 122 int . cole's yellow jeep 122 harold and Kumar be sing along passionately to a third lame chick song . 123 ext . highway - 6:25 a.m. 123 a sign read " you be now entering cherry hill . " 124 int . cole's yellow jeep 124 kumar dude , we be almost there ! double white revised page may 28 2003 94 . 125 ext . cherry hill road 125 they be speed down a road line by forest on both side . we see the Jeep speed by a cop car ... 126 int . cop car - 6:30 a.m. 126 officer bruck ( middle -ag , tough , toothpick in he mouth ) see the yellow jeep speed by . he reload he rifle ... officer bruck bingo . 127 int . cole's yellow jeep 127 harold and kumar be still sing ... all of a sudden , harold and kumar hear a police siren . kumar oh shit ! kumar turn around and see the police car behind they . 128 int . cop car 128 officer bruck be speak into he police radio . officer bruck I find they . and I be gonna need back -up . 129 ext . cherry hill road 129 the cop car be tailing the Jeep . the Jeep pull away ... 130 int . cop car 130 Officer bruck see the jeep pull away ... officer bruck ( into police radio ) oh boy ! we get a chase on we hand ! 131 int . cole's yellow jeep 131 harold look determine as he put the pedal to the metal . kumar what be you do ?! harold I be not go back to jail ! we have come too far ! now buckle up . double white revised page may 28 2003 95 . kumar buckle up ? Kumar buckle he seat belt . harold make a sharp turn ... 132 ext . cherry hill road 132 the yellow jeep go around a turn in the road and then cut into the forest , disappearing in the wood ... we then see the cop car go around the turn . it pass by the point where harold and kumar enter the forest . 133 int . cop car 133 from officer brucks' Pov , we see that he have a long stretch ahead , with no car in sight . officer bruck what the hell ? he put he foot on the brake , bring the car to a screeching halt . officer bruck get out of the car and look around wonder where the yellow jeep go . he then hear the SOUND of branch cracking in the wood ... 134 ext . wood - 6:35 a.m. 134 the Jeep bounce up and down as it head uphill in the wood . 135 int . jeep 135 harold be hold onto the wheel for dear life . Kumar be scared as shit . they be both bounce up and down . kumar where the hell be we go ?! harold just hold on ! 136 ext . wood 136 the Jeep continue go uphill , higher and higher ... 137 int . jeep 137 harold and Kumar be still bounce up and down ... kumar it 's a good thing I have a empty stomach , or else I would puke right now ! double white revised page may 28 2003 96 . harold do not worry . we be gonna make it . everything 's gonna be ... they notice they 're about to drive over the edge of a cliff . harold kumar shit ! fuck ! harold hit the brake as hard as he can ... 138 ext . cliff - 6:40 am 138 we see the jeep stop just short of the cliff . harold and Kumar get out of the jeep and walk over to the edge of the cliff and look down . it be a very steep drop . suddenly , kumar sees something out in the distance ... kumar ( point ) rold ! look out there ! harold look to where kumar be pointing -- it's a white castle way down below , about a mile away . they then hear a police siren coming from back in the wood . harold oh shit ! we be trap ! Kumar notice something ... kumar not necessarily . kumar walk over to the jeep and point to the hang-glider ... harold no . no way . not a chance . I would rather turn myself in than die . kumar dude , it 's okay . I use to hang - glide with my dad all the time when I be kid . I know how to do it . harold you hang -glide ? I do not remember that . kumar we do it on we trip to India . I swear . I know exactly what I be do . I have even do it with two people at the same time . my brother and I do it . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 97 . kumar ( cont would ) just hold onto the outside bar and let I take care of the rest . harold no , Kumar . I be not risk my life over a bunch of hamburger . kumar walk over to harold and stare he in the eye ... kumar you think this just about the burger , huh ? well , let I tell you -- it 's about far more than that . kumar walk over to the edge of the cliff and look out onto the early morning horizon . the sun be still rise . the scene be very picturesque ... kumar we parent come to this country , escape persecution , poverty , and hunger . Hunger , harold . they be very , very hungry . and they want to live in a land that treat they as equal . a land where they kid could study and get into good college . a land fill with hamburger stand . and not just one type of hamburger . hundred of type -- with different size , topping , and condiment . that land be America . the police siren be getting louder ... kumar ( turn to rold ) you think this be just about the burger ? no . this be about achieve what we parent set out for . this be about the pursuit of happiness . this be about the american dream . kumar walk over to harold . kumar and so we have reach this point . the point which all man eventually have to face . the point of no return . ( beat ) we can stay here , get arrest and end we hope of ever go to White Castle . or we can take the hang - glider and make we leap towards freedom . I leave the decision up to you . from the sound of the siren , it seem that the police be get closer . harold turn back , face Kumar ... double white revised page may 28 2003 98 . harold I hate you , Kumar . 139 ext . near the cliff - 6:45 am 139 harold and kumar be about fifteen yard from the cliff , holding the hang -glider . the siren be getting louder ... harold hurry up ... they be almost here ! kumar grab onto the end of the bar and hold on tight . harold do as he 's tell . they be both hold onto the bar ( harold behind Kumar ) . kumar okay . here 's how this be gonna work . on the count of three , we be gonna run to the edge of the cliff . when I say " jump , " launch yourself forward as if you be diving into a pool , get it ? harold ( nervous ) I think so . kumar do not worry -- everything 's gonna be fine . be you ready ? harold 's too nervous to speak . kumar get into position . kumar okay , here go . one ...two ... three ! harold and kumar start running toward the cliff . kumar good job , rold ! keep run ! they 're getting closer ... kumar rold , there 's something I gotta tell you . I have never hang - glide before . harold what ??? kumar jump !!! harold and kumar jump off , just as the cop car arrive . double white revised page may 28 2003 99 . the hang glider coast through the air for a couple second . then , suddenly , the guy start go down at a sharp angle ! harold kumar ahhhhhh !!!!!!!! ahhhhhh !!!!!!!! just then , the hang glider catch onto the wind and start glide through the sky . harold oh my God ! oh my God ! oh my God ! kumar dude , it 's work ! harold I can not believe you lie to I ! kumar hey , how else be I gonna convince you to jump off a cliff ? 140 ext . cliff - 6:46 am 140 officer bruck get out of the car , hold he rifle and run over to the jeep . he look inside ... officer bruck ( to the walkie- talkie ) it appear they have escape . they ditch they jeep . officer bruck open the front door of the car and peer inside . he notice the bag of weed on the dashboard . he open it and tastes some weed in the same way a drug cop would taste cocaine during a bust . officer bruck ( to the walkie- talkie ) good news . I find enough dope in the car to send that skateboard punk to jail for the next couple year . look like they have terrorize they last convenience store . suddenly , Officer bruck realize that the taste in he mouth be strangely appeal . he think for a beat as he eye the bag of weed . he then take another taste of it . he look again at the bag . like Kumar , we can tell that he 's in love ... 140a ext . old pick up truck - day ( fantasy ) 140a officer bruck and the bag of weed drink bottle of budweiser while sit in the back of a pickup truck . double white revised page may 28 2003 100 . 140b ext . skeet shoot range - day ( fantasy ) 140b bruck be skeet shoot , as the bag of weed watch . bruck give the bag a kiss , after a successful round . 140c int . barn - night ( fantasy ) 140c bruck be have sex with the bag doggy -style . he slap it 's " ass " as he go . dissolve to : 140D ext . cliff - night ( back to reality ) 140D bruck hug and caress the bag of weed , as he 's lose in the fantasy . 141 ext . mid - AIR - 6:50 am 141 we triumphant heros be glide across the morning sky . harold and Kumar look down as they soar above the tree ... harold dude , we be so high right now . kumar we be not low . they continue glide though the sky for a while ... harold hey , Kumar ? kumar yeah ? harold how be we gonna get down ? kumar uh...well ... I guess it 's just gonna go down at some point . harold that 's a great answer . make I feel really comfortable . thanks a lot . kumar look down as they fly over a playground . harold be it a problem if we fly into bird ? kumar why do you ask ? double white revised page may 28 2003 101 . harold because we be about to ! kumar look up and see at least a hundre crow flying straight toward they . kumar oh shit ! harold and kumar fly right into the crow . numerous bird collide with they face ... harold ahhhh ! my eye ! do not peck out my eye ! the bird cause the hang -glider to go against the wind , sending harold and kumar down fast . they be scream and yelling as they plummet ... kumar we be gonna die ! we be gonna die ! harold I hate you ! I hate you so much ! the hang -glider fall straight into a tree and get caught in the branch . they appear to have be save . kumar we be gonna live ! ha ! ha ! we be gonna live ! ( beat ) you see , rold ? that be not so bad . SNAP !!! the branch break off , sending harold and kumar straight down . they fall about thirty feet , thumping on branch as they fall ... smack !!! they hit the ground and immediately start rolling down a hill . they continue rolling ... rolling ... rolling ... finally -- they stop rolling when they hit hard pavement . harold get up before he can catch he breath ... harold ( breathe heavily ) that 's it ... I be gonna kill you ... harold grab kumar by the neck and start choking he ! kumar stop ...I...ca not ... breathe ... harold that 's the point ! double white revised page may 28 2003 102 . harold continue strangling kumar , who notice something ... kumar rold ... harold you be gonna die ! kumar ( point ) rold ...look ! harold turn around . he release kumar from he grip . kumar start catch he breath . harold stand up . soon after , kumar stand up . kumar then put he arm around harold ... kumar we make it , dude . from harold and kumar' Pov , we see the white castle in front of they . they be stand in the parking lot . harold and kumar slowly walk over to the entrance . they both look at each other -- they 're too happy to smile , but there eye say it all . they enter the restaurant ... 142 int . white castle - 7:00 am 142 harold and Kumar walk inside . they shirt be tear and tatter , they body be scratch up , and they be cover in dirt . everyone in the restaurant turn and stare at they . they approach the counter , where a teenager stand ... teenager look like you guy have some night , huh ? harold and Kumar look at each other , and then back at the teenager . they expression be stone cold ... harold I want thirty slyder . I want five french fries . I want four large cherry coke . kumar same . only make mine diet coke . teenager wow . that come to ... forty - two dollar and seventy - five cent . harold and kumar take out they wallet . they OPEN they up . the wallet be empty ! harold hey ...hey ...hey ... where 's my money ?! double white revised page may 28 2003 103 . kumar you do not have money ?! shit , I give all mine to that asshole at Princeton ! fuck that hippie fuck ! this can not be happen ! we be so close and we be fuck break ! man' voice ( o.s. ) let I take care of it . harold and kumar turn around and see neil patrick harris finish he coke . he throw it in the trash . harold and kumar be stunne . kumar what be you do here ? neil you guy keep talk about White Castle last night . it make I start craving it too . harold where 's my fuck car you prick ! neil yeah . sorry about that . like I say , I be trip ball last night . I do not know what come over I . you car 's out in the parking lot . here be the key . neil toss harold the car key . kumar do you realize what we have to go through after you steal the car ? neil I know . it be a dick move on my part . that 's why I be pay for you meal . harold and Kumar look at each other , relieved . harold thanks , I guess . neil hand they some cash ... neil here 's fifty for the meal , and two hundred for the car . harold ( concerned ) what happen to the car ? double white revised page may 28 2003 104 . neil I make some love stain in the back seat . you will see . anyway , take it easy guy . I will see you around . harold where be you go ? neil wherever God take I . with that , neil walk out of the restaurant . harold and kumar look at each other , confuse . teenager hey guy ... it 's gonna take a little while to make all that burger . you might as well sit down . harold and kumar walk over to a booth and take a seat . kumar dude , we be here . be not it great ? harold I know . I can not believe we make it . and we get the car back ! if we can just get out of here in a half hour , I can get back to my office and get the work do . kumar hey , look ! kumar point to a tv in the corner of the restaurant . on the screen we see a morning news show . on the television : a female anchor be reporting the news ... female anchor today 's top story ... Rutgers professor tarik Jackson and attorney Nathaniel bank be suing the state of New Jersey for racial discrimination and police brutality . we go live to the municipal state courthouse in muckleburg ... tarik and Nathaniel have a bunch of microphone in front of they ... tarik what happen last night be a complete moral travesty . my family and I be outrage and will not settle for anything less than justice ... double white revised page may 28 2003 105 . we see tarik join by he parent ( two Old Gay Black Men - - one be comforting the other ) . Nathaniel walk in front of the microphone ... nathaniel ( very professional ) and by justice , we mean somewhere in the ballpark of ten million dollar .... int . white castle harold ( to Kumar ) hey , good for that black guy ! on the television : we see footage of officer palumbo and the other cop take away in handcuffs ... officer palumbo I be not racist ! this be bullshit ! if that black bastard think they be gonna get away with this , they have get another thing come ! I and my white buddy be gonna [ bleep ] they up ! Officer palumbo get shove forcefully into the back of a police car . harold and Kumar enjoy this . on the television : female anchor this just in ... police have arrest a gang of hooligan ... we see a picture of cole and the extreme sport punk in the corner of the screen . female anchor ... after they find they abandon car in the forest in clifton , contain a large bag of marijuana . the young man could face up to five year in prison . int . white castle harold and kumar slap five . on the television : double white revised page may 28 2003 106 . female anchor and finally ... the muckleburg Police Department have inform we that they be still look for another fugitive who escape from the Police Station last night , along with a companion , believe to be he accomplice ... int . white castle harold jaw drop . he 's scared shitless . on the television : female anchor Police have make the follow sketch of the two fugitive , which they believe to be quote " extremely accurate . " on the screen , we see a horrible police sketch of " harold " and " kumar " -- it be basically a asian man in he seventie who look like confucious ; the kumar sketch be a old indian man with a jewel on he forehead , wearing a turban . int . white castle harold and kumar breathe a sigh of relief . teenager ( to harold and Kumar ) hey , guy ... I get you order ! harold and kumar run out of the booth . 151 int . white castle - moment later 151 harold and kumar have put three table together , on which we see sixty white castle hamburgers -- each one steaming hot . two good - looking guy ( jon and hayden ) stare at harold and Kumar 's order , amaze by they size . they then look at they own order and realize how worthless they be . harold and kumar be sit across from one another , look at the smorgasbord in front of they . harold be about to dig in , but kumar stop he ... kumar wait ... let 's do it together . harold nods . the guy be having a moment . harold and kumar each pick up a burger . slowly , they bring the burger to there mouth ... closer ... closer ... closer ... harold and kumar take there first bite . they savor it in there mouth as they chew slowly . double white revised page may 28 2003 106a . they finish the rest of there first burger in one bite , and then quickly eat two more ... double white revised page may 28 2003 107 . we see a brief montage of harold and kumar scarfing down the burger and fry . they 're crying tear of joy ! 152 int . white castle - 7:45 am 152 harold and kumar have finish they meal . they both look full and satisfied . harold take one last sip of he soda . harold oh ... that hit the spot . kumar it be the best meal of my life . harold mine too . the two of they sit there , look at all the empty container and wrapper . after a long pause of silence , kumar speak ... kumar dude , you know what ? I think I may actually go to my interview today . harold seriously ? kumar yeah . you know , my whole life I have be afraid be just another nerdy indian guy turn doctor . well , tonight get I think ... suddenly , harold notice a convertible parking outside the restaurant -- it's billy and j.d. with two women . kumar there be far worse thing in the world than be tag for have a natural ability in medicine ... harold pretend to be listen to kumar -- but he be more focused on billy and j.d. , who get out of the car with they woman and start walk towards the front door . kumar like have boil all over you face . or deal with the shit that black guy have to go through . harold ( not pay attention ) uh-huh . double white revised page may 28 2003 108 . kumar besides , I have to admit , it feel pretty cool save that guy 's life last night . somewhere between that , get yell at by my dad , and see Neil Patrick Harris , I realize that I have always want to be a doctor - - I have just be too scared to admit it . kumar see that harold be not pay attention ... kumar hey , rold , be you listen to I ? I be have a major epiphany here . harold I will be right back ... at that moment , billy and j.d. walk in the restaurant with they woman , zoe and tracy , respectively . tracy look like some bimbo slut that j.d. pick up at a strip club . zoe , on the other hand , have a sweet renee zellweger quality about she . she and billy be the perfect Hollywood couple ... j.d. hey , billy -- you pay for this or what ? billy I will be there in a second ... j.d. and tracy check out the menu . billy take zoe aside -- whatever they story be , it seem to have reach the " you complete I " moment ... billy look , I have to admit something to you . at the start of last night , all I really care about be get some . but then I meet you , Zoe . you be so different from all the other woman I have ever meet . you be smart , funny , artistic . I guess what I be try to say be ... harold ( o.s. ) what the fuck be go on here ? billy turn around and see harold ... billy harold ? what be you ...? harold never mind I . what be you do here ? I think you and j.d. be busy all night with " client . " be not that why I have to do you work ? double white revised page may 28 2003 109 . j.d. hear the commotion and turn around ... j.d. hey ! what the hell be go on here ? harold back off , cock boy ! what I have to say to he go double for you ! kumar see what 's go on -- he can not believe it . j.d. cock boy ? I be sorry , but do you just call I " cock boy ? " harold yeah , you know I do . you be just stalling because you be not quick enough to think of a comeback . j.d . oh , I be not quick enough ? ( to billy ) he think I be not quick enough . ( to harold ) well , I get news for you ... ( long beat , think ) I be quick enough ... ( beat ) ... cock boy ! j.d. be embarrassed . billy try to placate the situation . billy listen Harry ... j.d. ( to billy ) do not even bother with he . we will just tell berenson later ... harold tell he what ? that I be you work horse ! that you guy think you can just party all weekend and leave all you work to the quiet asian guy in you office ! huh ? j.d. be stunne . now he 's a little nervous . j.d. no , no -- you do not understand ... harold no , you do not understand . I be not do you work anymore . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 110 . harold ( cont would ) and if either one of you douchebag ever try to pull this shit again , I will go to berenson and tell he what 's really go on . harold notice traci and Zoe listen ... harold and I will tell everyone in the office how you both catch gonorrhea from that whore . traci and zoe hear this and be freak out . they slowly back away from billy and j.d .... harold now , if you will excuse I , I have to get go . see you on Monday . harold leave the restaurant . kumar follow . billy and j.d. be leave embarrassed and in shock . 153 ext . white castle parking lot 153 harold and kumar walk over to harold 's infiniti ... kumar Way to go , rold ! where the hell do that come from ? harold I do not know . eat that delicious burger make I feel like a new man . now I be actually look forward to work this week . kumar no shit ! I guess you be worthwhile after all . harold I be not worthless . kumar so that dude have gonorrhea ? harold beat I . ( beat ) now , come on , let 's get go . kumar what 's the rush ? there 's plenty of time before my interview . double white revised page may 28 2003 111 . harold I have some unfinish business to take care of . they both get into the car ( harold get in the driver 's side ) . the car zoom out ... 154 omit 154 155 ext . apartment build lot - 9:00 am 155 harold white infiniti pull into to a space right in front of the build . 156 omit 156 157 int . hallway by the elevator - 9:02 am 157 the elevator door open . harold and Kumar exit . Kumar give harold a pat on the back ... kumar good luck , dude . kumar stand behind , while harold approach maria be door . harold take a deep breath and then knock on the door ... there be tension as harold wait . then , finally , the door knob begins to turn and the door open -- a good - looking , muscular hispanic man ( luis ) be stand behind the door wearing only he boxer . he have lipstick all over he neck and chest ... luis what do you want ? a look of extreme disappointment goe over harold face . harold ( lie ) oh ...uh ... nothing ... wrong room . woman ( o.c. ) come back to bed ! luis ( call to woman ) hey , papi 's come ! hold on ! ( to harold , laugh ) this girl be crazy , man . ( more ) double white revised page may 28 2003 112 . luis ( cont would ) she seem so sweet at first , but it turn out she 's into some pretty freaky shit . she even do this thing where she take a lollipop and shove it ... harold ( gross out / depressed ) look , I really do not need to hear it . I guess I just make a mistake . sorry for interrupt you guy ... harold start to walk away , almost cry . sad , depressing music begins to play . Kumar feel sorry for he friend . just then , Luis lean he head out the door ... luis hey -- if you be look for Maria , she leave for Europe this morning . harold quickly turn around and run back over . harold huh ? luis she 's go to Amsterdam for ten day . I be Luis -- Maria 's brother . Luis shake harold 's hand . harold suddenly feel better . harold oh ! Maria 's brother ! luis you must be that chinese guy Maria keep talk about . harold actually , I be kor ... wait a second -- she talk about I ? a hot black chick ( aisha ) , wear only a bra and g-string , walk over to Luis and wrap she arm around he ... aisha be you come or what ? luis hey , I will be there in a second , baby . do I a favor -- make I that omelette you be talk about . you know , with the sun-dry tomato . aisha kiss he , and walk away to the kitchen . Luis give she a little a slap on the ass . harold do not quite know how to respond to this . double white revised page may 28 2003 113. luis ( to harold ) so you want I to leave she a message or something ? harold uh , no thanks . I would rather do it in person . luis then take it easy , hermano . Luis shut the door . Kumar run over to harold ... kumar dude ... we gotta go ! harold huh ? where ? kumar to Amsterdam ! we can pack up right now and take the next plane . harold what be you talk about ? be you out of you mind ? what about you interview with the mo school guy ? kumar whatever . I will tell my dad to reschedule it . he will not have a problem , as long as I be take it seriously for a change . now , let 's fly to Europe and find Maria ! harold she 's come back in ten day ! it 's not like I be never gonna see she again . kumar for a hot chick , ten day in Europe be the kiss of death . there be gonna be suave , sophisticated guy all over she . by the time she get back , she may not be available . harold feel a little nervous about what Kumar be say . harold forget it . I will just wait till she come back . harold start to walk away from Kumar ... kumar hey , rold ! wait ! double white revised page may 28 2003 114 . harold stop . kumar you do realize what 's legal in Amsterdam , right ? harold turn around . kumar have a big smile on he face . slowly , but surely , harold start to smile as well . the screen goe black . " to be continued ... " fade out .