harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone br eee screenplay by Steve klove base on the novel by j.k. Rowling shoot draft 11/09/00 Blue revision 22/09/00 - pink revision 22/09/00 . yellow revision 13/10/00 Green revision 16/10/00 gold revision 31/10/00 buff revision 03/11/00 ' salmon revision 14/11/00 cherry revision 06/12/00 Tan revision , 08/01/01 2 " White revision 01/02/01 2 " Blue revision 01/02/01 2 '' pink revision . 07/02/01 2 '' yellow revision 18/04/01 2 " Green revision 19/04/01 CO revision 2nd yellow 18/04/01 4 1-18 omitted scs . 1 - 18 & page 1 - 3 1- 18 19 ext . privet drive - niget : 19 Dark at this hour , except for the STREET lamp that dot the street , spilling deep pool of light upon the ground . on the far corner , a man materialize out of the darkness . he be tall and thin , with a silver beard long enough to tuck into he belt . he wear a purple cloak and be roughly one hundred and fifty year old . he be albus dumbledore dumbledore remove a small silver object from he cloak -- the put - outer . he extend he hand and -- click -~ the nearest street lamp goe out with a soft pop . he continue to click the put -outer until all the lamp go dark . he turn , spy a cat , sit on the wall of number four . he smile knowingly . dumbledore I should have know you would be here , Professor mcgonagall . the cat leap forward , transfigure itself into a rather severe~ look woman in a emerald cloak . professor mcgonagall be the rumor true , albus ? dumbledore ( smile fade ) I be afraid so . the good . and the. bad . professor mcgonagall and the boy ? dumbledore hagrid 's bring he : professor mcgonagall you think it ... wise ...to trust hagrid with something as important as this ? dumbledore I would trust hagrid with my life , Professor . a low rumble disturb the sky . dumbledore and mcgonagall look up and -- suddenly --a huge motorcycle plummet through the cloud , hit . the ground with a thunderous roar . as the smoke clear , a figure climb off . he be hagrid and be , quite obviously , a giant . in he vast , muscular arm , he. hold a bundle of blanket . e# + +e ee Fe re * * * tet eee sss ss revision 2nd yellow 18/04 /0 ) 4a bagrid ' * evune , . Professor dumbledore , sir . : * Professor mcgonagall . * dumbledore * no problem , I take it , hagrid ? * * bagrid . no sir . Little tyke fall ter sleep as we be flyin’ o’er bristol . * * hagrid ' step forward and dumbledore take the bundle , turn toward the doorstep . . * professor mcgonagall '' albus , do you really think it best to leave he here , with this people ? I have be watch they all day . they be the worst sort of muggles imaginable . they be ... +t eee + dumbledore the only family he have . * professor mcgonagall : €& but this boy will be famous . there will not be a child in we world who do not know he name ... + bob dumbledore exactly . it would be enough to turn any boy 's head . famous before he can walk and talk . famous for something he will not even remember . no . he 'o be much better off grow up away from all that . until he 's ready . +e ee re * dumbledore lay the bundle on the mat . hagrid sniffle . * . dumbledore ( cont 'd ) : there , there , hagrid . it 's not really goodbye , after all . * * hagrid nod . dumbledore tuck a parchment envelope into the * blanket and step back , he face suddenly dark . serious . _ * * dumbledore ( cont 'd ) good luck , Harry Potter . * the camera dolly forward , toward the swaddle baby . a CUT , still fresh , gleam on the baby 's forehead . it be in the shape of a bolt of lightning . smash CUT to ten year @ later . 20 int . cupboard - number four privet drive - morning 20 ee ee * a pair of blink GREEN eye jerk into the light . 21 22 revision 2nd yellow 18/04/0 | 4b ce woman' voice .( 0.s. ) up! now ! . : thump ! ' thump ! thump ! woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) I say now ! footstep recede and harry potter , now ten year old , -swing he skinny leg to the floor . he 's small , which be lucky since .his room be not really a room at all , but | merely a cupboard under the stair . abruptly , the cupboard begin to shake , dust spilling from the joist above Harry 's head .. calmly , Harry take a pair of eyeglasses -- tape at the bridge with sellotape - - from a nail . ext .. hallway - day 21 Harry come blink out the cupboard door , watch he enormous cousin , dudley , thunder down the last step . just then , Harry 's aunt petunia appear in the kitchen ahead . aunt petunia there 's the birthday boy ! do not you look smart . for you trip to the zoo . ( scowling at Harry ) you mind the bacon . and do not dare let it burn . I want everything perfect on my dimplin ' 's special . day . harry yes , aunt petunia . int . kitchen - day 22 Harry enter , find he uncle vernon read the Daily mail behind a monstrous pile of present . revision 2nd yellow 18/04/0 / 5 / uncle vernon bring my coffee , boy . harry yes , uncle Vernon . Dudley enter , stare at the present . ° dudley how many be there ? thirty -six . counted they myself . dudley '' thirty -six . but last year ... last year 's I have thirty - seven ... uncle vernon well now , son , some of this be quite a bit bigger than last year -- dudley I don ’t care . how big they be ! C ) aunt petunia now , now , here 's what we will do . today , when we be out , we will buy you two more . : present . how 's that , popkin ? al dudley so then I 'il have ... 1’11 have ... harry thirty -eight , popkin . aunt petunia cuff Harry on the head on she way to the ringing ' telephone . aunt petunia you just mind that bacon ! harry _ xes , . aunt petunia . ' rs Dudley tear open a BOX of lead soldier , uncle Vernon . ruffle he hair . shoot draft 's White 11/09/00 . 6. '' uncle vernon want you money 's worth , .do not you , tiger , well , look there . aunt . marge 's send you the fourth battalion . Dudley twist the head off one . dudley : this one 's lose its head . uncle vernon well now , son . remember , we talk about : this .. they be not mean to move ... as Dudley * toss the damage soldier aside , Harry study it closely , then ... aunt petunia hang up the phone , turn . aunt petunia : bad news . Mrs. figg 's break she leg . she can not take he . uncle vernon — we could phone yvonne . aunt petunia do not be silly . she hate the boy . harry - you could just leave I here . uncle vernon and come back to find the house in ruin ? dudley I ... do not ... want ... him ... to ... come ! he...always ...spoil ... everything ! aunt . petunia now , precious , do not cry . he will not spoil anything . what if mummy busy you three more present . dudley Three ? aunt petunia as many as you want , sweetum . as aunt petunia cuddle he , Dudley shoot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in he mother 's arm . 22a 23 24 revision Blue . 22/09/00 ~ 7 . ~ ext . number four privet drive ~ a bit later oe 3 22h as Harry get in the. car , uncle Vernon lean close . : uncle vernon '' I be warning you now , boy . - any funny business , any at all , .and you 's 11 have no meal for a week . e ext . zoo ~ day es . 65 23t happy child walk hand in hand with they parent , as ... int . reptile house - later - day . 24 Dudley press he pudgy nose to a gleam plate of glass . dudley make it move . uncle Vernon look over a z00 map at the huge burmese python * curl beyond the glass . rap he knuckle . nothing . harry he 's '' asleep . dudley noe . he 's boring . : . Dudley waddle away and the other . follow , ..all but Harry , who step forward and rub Dudley 's noseprint from the glass . harry : : sorry about he ... he do not understand what it 's like , lie there day after day , watch people press they - ugly face in on you ... + oe the snake nod . Harry stop , .look off , then back . whisper : * + harry ( cont 's D ) 4 can you hear I ? * the snake cock its head and ... wink . ' : , : * harry ( cont ’d ) it 's just , I have never talk to a snake before . do you , I mean ... do you talk to people often ? : the snake regards Harry ... then slowly shake its head no . Harry nod , look a bit unnerve . e 25 25a 26 revision pink 22/09/00 8. harry . ( cont 'd ) so ... you be from burma , be not you ? be * it nice there ? do you miss you family ? ( listen ) I see . that 's I as well . I never know my parent either ... dudley ' mummy ! dad ! come here ! you will not believe what this snake be do ! Dudley jab Harry hard in the rib , send he tumble to the concrete . floor . angry , Harry look up as Dudley lean against the '' glass and it ... vanish . Dudley flop forward , the snake slither out , and people run scream . stun , Harry watch the python slip into the sunshine , * then glance back to the snake tank . the glass have reappear and Dudley sit within , face pale , eye freeze in terror . int . number four privet drive - later - day 25 uncle Vernon , face purple with rage , drag Harry by the ear . harry I swear , I do not know how it happen ! one minute the glass be there and then it be go . it be like magic . uncle Vernon hurl Harry into the cupboard , stare hard . uncle vernon : there ’s...no ...such ... thing ...as ... magic ! the door slam . Harry sit quietly . then , from he pocket , he remove the damage soldier Dudley have discard earlier . reaching up , he place it on a dark shelf , next to half a dozen other . the ee ext . number four privet drive - morning 25 a a single owl swoops down onto the dursley 's roof . int . kitchen ~ morning 26 Dudley parade about the kitchen in knickerbocker , tailcoat and straw boater , tapping the floor with a knobbly stick , while a teary aunt petunia snap a photo with a flash camera . aunt petunia oh , Vernon , look at he . to think in only a week he will be off to smelting . ieee es shoot draft White 11/09/00 .s. uncle vernon proudest moment of my life . harry . ( with dread ) - will I have to wear that too ? aunt petunia you ! go to smelting ? do not be stupid : you will go to state school , where you belong . that there 's 11 be yours , once I be do die it . Harry glance at a tub of grey mud boil on the stove . harry but that 's Dudley 's old uniform . it will fit I like bit of old elephant skin . aunt petunia fit you fine enough . now fetch the post . 27 int . front hall - day : 27 Three letter lie on the mat . a bill . a postcard . a envelope of yellow parchment . Harry take all , then stop , stare at the envelope , which be address in emerald ink . Mr. h , Potter the cupboard under the stair 4 privet drive . 2 * Little whing Surrey Harry turn the envelope over , find a purple wax seal . it be a coat of arm , surround a large letter h . 28 int . kitchen - day . be $ 28 Harry drop the post on the table and sit , stare in quiet wonderment at he envelope . uncle Vernon take the postcard . uncle vernon marge 's ill . ate a funny whelk ... bam ! Dudley bring the smelting stick down -hard on the table . . dudley dad ! look ! Harry 's get a letter ! eee 29 shoot draft White . 11/09/00 10 , quickly , uncle Vernon snatch it away . harry that 's mine ! uncle vernon your . who have be write to you -- | uncle Vernon 's face go pale . int . hallway - day 29 the boy come fly into the hall , throw themselves against the door as it slam shut . harry I want my letter ! dudley I want my stick ! Harry and Dudley make a furious play for the keyhole , but Dudley 's size prove too much and Harry , glass dangle from one ear , settles for the crack between door and floor . harry 's Pov of uncle Vernon 's thick black shoe pace back and forth . aunt petunia Vernon . look at the address . how could they possibly know where he sleep ? you do not think they be watch the house ? uncle vernon watch . spy . follow we . we both know the dangerous nonsense you sister and she husband be mix up in . aunt petunia but what should we do , Vernon ? should we write back . tell they we do not want -- uncle vernon . i no. we will ignore it . if they do not get a answer ... yes , that 's best ... i’11 burn it . harry no ! I want my letter ! nena ccc no ll en ee es shoot draft White 11/09/00 11 . 30 int . kitchen - pay 30 uncle Vernon walk to the stove , flip on a gas jet . as the letter burn , Harry pound the door , and a montage begins : * 31 - 35 | omitted . , . 31 - 35 * 36 ext . roof - number four privet drive - morning 36 ° * a owl - beat its way across the sky , flutter down upon the * tv antenna , where two other owl already sit . * 36a int . live room - same time - . 36 a * a frown : uncle Vernon stand before the telly , struggle * to unscramble a rugby match . the click of the mail slot be * hear and he turn . * 37 . int . front hall -. day / 37 three more letter lie on the mat . uncle Vernon enter , * snatch they .up , rip they to piece . * 38 int . cupboard - day 38 Harry sit sadly upon he bed , when ... bang ! bang ! bang ! : : * 39 omitted 39 ( + 40 ° int . front hallway - moment later : '' 400 * Harry easé open the cupboard door . down the hallway , uncle * Vernon stand swinging a hammer , mouth bulg with - nail as * he pound shut the mail slot . . * 40a ext . number four privet . drive ~ morning 40 uncle Vernon exit the house with he briefcase , stop . four * owl sit atop he vauxhall . he watch curiously as they take * flight , then look down . four letter lie at he foot . * 42 int . live . room - night 4 . * the fireplace blaze . uncle Vernon pitch a handful of * letter into the flame , turn . Harry stand watch . * 42 - ext . roof - number four privet drive - same time 42 * as the chimney smoke , five owl sit in black silhouette * against a full moon . . * shoot draft White 11/09/00 i2 . ~ '' ) 42k . ext . kitchen window '- number four privet drive - morning 42n + os - '' bunt petunia crack a egg . Inside be a letter . she crack * another . another letter . we pan cff the window to Dudley 's * neglect bicycle . perched atop the handlebar , seat and * tire be six owl . montage end . * 43 ° omitted . 43 44 int . live room - sunday morning - day 44 * Dudley lie on the floor , destroy another birthday toy , as aunt petunia carefully set a cup of coffee by uncle Vernon , who sit in a armchair , smile strangely . uncle vernon Fine day , Sunday . best day of the week in my opinion . know why I say that , Dudley ? harry ( enter ) - because there 's no post on Sunday . uncle Vernon look up brightly , but Harry 's eye be on the window behind he . outside , the sky be dark with owl . uncle vernon right you be , Harry ! no damn letter today ! no sir . not one blast ... o just then , something whiz2es down the chimney and smack uncle Vernon flat on the back of the head . second later another follow , and then another , until the live room be aflock with ... letter . Harry leap onto a table , try to snag one , when uncle Vernon seize he by the waist , 45 int . hallway - day 45 as uncle Vernon stumble out , Harry shake free of he grasp and ' stare dumbly : letter swirl up and - down the hall . dudley who on earth want to talk to you this badly ! a letter flutter on Harry 's fingertip ... before uncle Vernon sweep it away , eye craze , shout crazily : uncle vernon that do it ! we be go away ! Far away ! where they can not find we ! where they can not get to we ! a shoot draft '' White 11/09/00 13. '' '' dudiey glance at he mother . : - dudley 7 daddy 's go mad , have not he ? 46 . omitted . : : ~ 46 47 ° ext : hut on the rock .- night - 47 a very s$ad -1 doke hut sit perch upon a targe rock far at sea . wind whistle . the ' sea rage . . 48 int . hut on the rock - night : . 48 uncle verrion and aunt petunia sleep on a lumpy bed in the hut 's only bedroom . Dudley snore on.a moth~eaten sofa . Harry lie on the bare floor beneath a rag blanket . lightning flash . as the room go dark again , Harry study the '' lighted dial of budley 's watch . as it tick toward midnight , Harry put the last touch to a birthday cake he 's etched in the dust that layer the floor . harry make a wish , Harry . close he eye , he ... blow ... and the '' flame '' of dust scatter . eye still close , Harry hold the wish when ...- '' boom ! : : the door shudder . hinges squeal : a pin squirrel out of its house . Falls to the floor . . boom ! uncle Vernon come sledding into the room in he sock , a rifle in hand , paper hang by a string from the barrel . uncle vernon who 's there ? I warn you -- I be armed ! smash ! the door fall flat . a immense silhouette stand against the raging sea outside , identical to the beastly figure see climb the stair in godric 's hollow . he be * hagrid and be , rather obviously , a giant . presently he be * stand on the front door . * hagrid : * er , right . sorry ' bout that ... hagrid step clear , take the door , and fit it back into its frame . glance at Dudley . frown . revision . gold '' 31/10/00 . 114 . ° hagrid . ( cont 'd ) : mind , I have not see yeh since you wa : a baby , Harry , but yeh be . a bit more along than I woulda expect . ' specially round the middle . dudley ( terrify ) I be not Harry . harry I be . hagrid turn , watch Harry 's face come into the light . hagrid well now , course yeh be . uncle - vernon I - demand that you leave at once , sir ! you be break and enter ! hagrid : ah , dry up , dursley , yeh great prune . hagrid take the rifle , knot it like a piece of licorice . hagrid ( cont 's D ) anyway , Harry . get summat fer yeh . ' fraid I mighta sit on it at some point , but ' magine it 's 1ll taste all right jus 's the same ... let 's see now ... get it here somewhere ... hagrid rummages in he coat , remove : a kettle , fry pan , sausage , one pink umbrella and , finally , a squash paper box contain a chocolate cake with '' happee birthdae , Harry '' scrawle in green icing . hagrid ( cont 's D ) bake it meself , word an’ all . harry thank you . hagrid well , it 's not ev’ry day yer young man turn ' leven . o revision gold 31/10/00 15 . hagrid turn to the fireplace , give the ember 's a poke with . the pink umbrella . as they roar to life , he take the fry pan , lob in the sausage . Dudley perk up as they - sizzle . . + harry Excuse I , but ... who be you ? '' Harry stare blankly . hagrid frown . hagrid . blimey , Harry , do yeh never wonder where yer parent learn . it all ? harry learned what ? hagrid what ? dursley !!! do yeh mean ter tell I the boy know nothin ? uncle Vernon stand mute . hagrid simmer , then shake he head and turn back to the fire . hagrid ( cont ! D ) ' Harry , yer a wizard . for a moment , the hut be utterly silent . harry | I be a what ? hagrid a wizard . and a thumpin’ good ‘un , I have wager , once yeh have be train up a bit . harry no . you have make a mistake . I ... I can not be a ... wizard . I mean ... I be just ... Harry . dust Harry . . hagrid tha’ right . tell I , Harry : ever make somethin’ strange ' appen ? when yeh be scared maybe . or angry ? * oe ee ke ee ee eee revision gold 31/10/00 as Harry look up in recognition , hagrid slap a soggy | envelope into Harry 's hand . Harry open it , read . harry ' dear Mr. Potter , we be pleased to inform you that you have be accept at hogwart School of witchcraft and wizardry ...’ . as Harry look up , hagrid wink , and take a bite of sausage . : uncle vernon he 'il not be go , I tell you ! we swore when we take he in we have put a stop to that rubbish ! harry you know ? you know I be a.. - a wizard ? aunt petunia-looking furious - - emerge from the shadow . aunt petunia . of course we know ! how could you not be , my dratted sister be what she be ? oh , mother and father be so proud when the letter come . a witch in the family . be not it wonderful . I be the only one who see she for what she - be ... a freak ! ( distastefully ) then she meet that Potter and have you . I - know you have be the same . just as strange , ( more ) 16 . ee ehh * revision gold 31/10/00 17 . aunt petunia . ( cont 'd ) just as abnormal . and then , if you please , she go and get herself blow up and we get land with you -- harry blown up ? you tell I '' my parent die in a car crash . . hagrid car crash ! a car crash kill lily and James Potter ? it 's a outrage ! a scandal ! uncle vernon he all not be go , I tell you ! * hagrid : a 's I s’ppose a great Muggle like . * yerself be goin’ ter stop he . . * harry Muggle ? hagrid non-magic folk . ( turn to uncle Vernon ) * this boy 's name 's be down ever since he be bear . he 's off to the finest | school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world and he will be under the . : _ + great headmaster hogwart 's have ever . * know , albus dumbledore -- * uncle vernon I will not pay for some crackpot old fool to teach he magic trick ! hagrid spin , eye bulg . * hagrid never ... insult ... albus ... dumbledore ... in ... front ... of ... I ! hagrid spin , point the umbrella at uncle Vernon , then spy Dudley , one hand deep in Harry 's birthday cake . pop !-- a flash of violet light hit Dudley square in the rump . instantly , a pig' tail curl through the back of he trousers . uncle Vernon roar , hurry everyone out of the room . . hagrid ( cont 'd ) tha 's curious . meant ter turn ' im into a complete pig , whole hog a ' all . suppose he be so much like a pig already , there be not much leave ter lo . : . revision gold 31/10/00 hagrid see Harry stare in awe at the pink umbrella . 17a ; 48a 483 . 49 revision Blue 22/09/00 18. . hagrid ( cont 's D ) er , . be grateful if yeh do not mention that to anyone at hogwart . strictly speakin’ , I be not allow ter do magic . ( check pocket . watch ) bit behind schedule , be not we ? best be off . hagrid exit , leave Harry to consider he sorry surroundings . he look momentarily at a.loss , . then ... hagrid poke he head back in . see hagrid ( cont 'd ) '' ' less , 0 's course , yeh have rather stay . ext . STREET - london -. dawn Harry , read aloud from he list as he trail hagrid , who draw a eye or two - ~ as a giant in Central London will . ~ harry ' first year student will require three set of plain work robe , one plain point hat for day wear , one pair of dragon-hide glove ... 's hagrid chuckle at a parking meter . . hagrid thing this muggles dream up ... int . train - london - dawn Harry sit beside hagrid , continue to read from he list . harry ( ‘... and the follow set book : the - Standard Book of spell by miranda goshawk . one thousand magical herbs and fungi by phyllida spore ... 's ext . STREET / leaky cauldron - london - dawn hagrid lead Harry on , parting the crowd easily . harry ' one wand , one standard size 2 pewter cauldron and may bring , if they desire , either a owl , a cat , or a toad . 's nlook up ) can we find all this in London ? — id - 48a * 48b 49 ' revision Blue . 22/09/00 18a . hagrid pause * by a narrow gray door that stand between a book shop on one side and a record shop on the other . hagrid if yeh know where to go . —--/4 50 no sa '' ghoot draft 's White - 11/09/60 ' 19 . int . leaky cauldron ~ day : : . 50. a dark , '' shabby . pub ..- in. a. corner , '' some old women sit drink , one smoking a pipe .as jong as she :arm .: up front , a tiny man in a top hat talk to the bartender , who resemble a gummy walnut . Harry and hagrid enter . bartender hagria ! the usual , I presume -- ( spying . - Harry ) good Lord . be this ? can this . be he ? bless my soul . it 's Harry Potter . the pub go quiet . then. , . everyone be ‘up and around - Harry , hold to they hand and gabbling , while hagrid look on , beam . slowly , a nervous young man make he way . forward . quirrell Harry p- p=potter . C - can not tell you how p- pleased I be to meet you . hagrid Professor ! do not see yeh there . Harry , this ' ere 's Professor quirrell . he x11 be yer Defence against the Dark Arts teacher at hogwart . . quirrell F -f - fearfully f-fascinate subject . n- not that you n-need it , eh , p -p -potter ? quirrell 's eye flutter nervously over Harry 's scar . hagrid yes , well , must get on . lot ter buy . ( as he pull Harry along ) see ? tol 's yeh you be famous . '' ext . back courtyard / leaky cauldron + moment later : 51 . hagrid tap the brick of one wall with the tip of he umbrella while Harry stand by , deep in think . harry why be I famous , hagrid ? all that people back there . how be it they know who I be ? hagrid Don 's know that I be the right one . ' ter tell yeh that , Harry . let 's see now ... Three up ... two across ... right . stand back now . . | " 52 ' '' ghoot draft White 41/09/00 20 . hagrid give the wall one last tap and the brick . quiver , wriggle and jiggling until a archway appear , give out on a cobbled STREET so long and twist it seem never to end . as Harry 's jaw drop , hagrid grin . hagrid . ( cont 's D ) welcome , Harry . to diagon alley . '' ext . diagon alley - continuous - morning ~ 52 , as Harry step through , the archway shrink instantly into a solid wall . all around he , . Harry see mother and father with child in . tow , clutching list similar to he own . plump woman mother seventeen sickle a ounce it say brass , trevor . as for Dragon liver , can you such , you will get brass . imagine ? they 's be mad ! boy father there it be ! the nimbus two mind you do not drop you thousand ! run a good twenty bottle of eel 's eye , belinda . time faster than the old I x11 not buy you another . Comets . Neil Marks himself cide it for the chudley cannon . Harry try to take in everything at once , marvel at shop specialize in everything from cauldron , owl and broomstick to robe , ' unmentionable , 's and spell book . harry Dragon liver ? do they mean from a real dragon ? hagrid well , they do not mean a ruddy penguin . crikey , I would like a dragon . harry . : you have like a dragon ? hagrid vastly misunderstand beast , Harry . vastly misunderstand ... harry ( stare in a cauldron shop ) but how be I to pay for all this , hagrid ? I have not any money . hagrid gesture to a towering , snow - white build ahead . +e ee +e tte ee 53 54 ee eee shoot draft - white~.11/09/00..21 . '' hagrid there 's yer money . gringott . wizard 's '' Bank . no place safer , Harry . not one . ' cept perhaps hogwart . int . gringote - day 53 one hundre goblins sit on high stool at a long counter , scribbling in ledger , weigh coin in . brass scale . as Barry and hagrid enter , a clever - look goblin close the door behind they , watch they every step . harry . . . uh , hagrid , what exactly be that ? hagrid yer basic door goblin . clever as they come goblin , but not yer most friendly beast . best stay close . ( step up to a teller ) mornin 's , Mr. Harry Potter wish to . make a withdrawal . goblin and Mr. Harry Potter have he key ? hagrid let 's see , get it ' ere somewhere ... * the goblin look on disfavorably as hagrid rifle he coat , produce in rapid succession : a jangly ring of keys ; one ball of string , a fistful of mint humbugs , ' two teabags , and a moth ... which simply flutter from one pocket to ' another , hagrid ( cont 'd ) ah , ' ere 's the 1i’1l devil . ( lean close ) there 's another matter as well . I have get a letter from Professor dumbledore . it 's about the you -know - what in vault you - know - which . goblin : very well . i’1l have griphook take you . int . stone passageway - gringote - day 54 close on : griphook ++:a swarthy , slit-ey goblin , drive a small cart with white -knuckle precision down a stone passageway light with flaming torch . they plunge deeper , come ... = ee ] 7 - 2 - 2 q¢ - . cee revision . 2nd Green 19/04/0i 22° o 55-56 omitted : . 55-56 57 ext . vault - stone passageway - day : . 57 .. whistling to a halt before a SMALL door . griphook step out , take Harry 's key and unlocks the vault , revealing : great glitter pyramid of coin . Harry be speechless . hagrid Din 's think yer parent would leave yeh with nothin’ , do yeh ? 58 int . cart - passageway - a few minute later , 58 the cart hurtle even deeper , abruptly stop . : griphook vault Seven hundre thirteen . , barry . what 's in here , hagrid ? . hagrid . can not tell yeh that , Harry . hogwart . business . very secret . cea griphook step up to a door with no keyhole , stroke it with one long finger , and it simply melt away . . : hagrid ( cont ’d ) . mo anyone but a gringott goblin try - . : that , they have be suck through the ! door . harry how often do you check to see if anyone 's inside ? | . griphook so : about once every ten year . Harry peer into the vault , see ...a grubby little package . hagrid slip it into he left coat pocket , return . eagrid best not mention this ter anyone either , Harry . 59 ext . diagon alley - later - day 59 Harry and hagrid exit the apothecary , load with Harry 's various purchase . Harry study the list in he hand . * - = ~ they ue ae uo - : a a - ane 59a 60 revision .2nd Green . 19/04 /0 ) 23 barry I still need ... a wand . : hagrid - ( point ahead ) only place for wand , be ollivander . you go inside . I get one more thing I gotta ’do . . Harry nod , walk into ollivander . omitted / a soa int . ollivanders wand shop - day os . 60 Barry and hagrid stand in a very narrow shop where thousand of slender box be stack to the ceiling . hover above they on a spindly ladder be a pale old man with eye like silver moon . he be ollivander . ollivander I wonder when I would be see you , Mr. . Potter . seem only yesterday you - mother and fathe we be in here buy they first wand ... ollivander step down with a pair of slender box . ollivander ( cont 'd ) ( extend a box ) here we be . just give it a wave . feeling a bit supid , Harry raise he arm . nothing . ollivander ( cont 'd ) no. apparently not . perhaps this . +e *. a a jy we ance 2 revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 24 . Barry raise it and ... bright light shoot forth ... send secrystal vase of black rose shatter to the floor . ollivander no. no. definitely not . no matter . . after all ... it 's the wand that choose the wizard . ee oe not aoe dane | be a 61 revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 25 int . ollivanders wand shop - later / : 61 hundred of wand box lie at Harry 's foot . hagrid , eye heavy , sit on a spindly chair . ollivander , meanwhile , stand at the top of a spindly ladder , eyeing he javentory . : . : to rvander I wonder ... '' onlivander descend , present a box . stifl a yawn , Harry take the wand ... and he expression change . ollivander ( cont 'd ) go on then . ras Harry extend he arm , he hand tremble . a breeze stir , send the shop 's tiny bell ringing . the page of a book flutter on the counter , and Harry ' 's hair feather off he forehead , show he scar . astounded , Barry smile and then ... ollivander slip the wand from he finger and the breeze die , the shop return to its eerie calm . ollivander . ( cont ’d ) curious . very curious ... harry sorry , but what 's curious ? ollivander I remember every wand I have ever sell , . Mr. Potter . it so happen that the phoenix whose tail feather reside in you wand , give another feather . just one ether . it 's curious that you should be destine for this wand when its brother ... ( eye shifting ) '' «-- give you that scar . harry and who own ' that wand ? ollivander exchange a surprised glance with hagrid . : hagrid — we do not speak he name , Harry . ollivander as I say , the wand choose the | wizard , Mr. Potter . it 's not always clear why . but I think it 's clear we can expect great thing from you . after all , he - who-must - not - be - name do great thing . . ( more ) ae they ~- — 2g -- - a ee. '' 62 revision 2nd Green 19/04/0 ) 26 ollivander ( cont 'd ) ollivander slide the lid on the box , hand it to Harry . ollivander ( cont 'd ) terrible , yes . but great . Harry look out the window , see hagrid stand there , hold a cage with a snow white owl inside . Harry turn to say goodbye to ollivander . he 's go . Harry run outside . ext . diagon alley - day Harry run up to hagrid , look at the owl . hagrid happy birthday , Harry . harry ( excited ) for I ?... really ?... he 's mine ?... bagrid crikey , yeh have think yeh have not get a birthday present before . harry I haven not . not really . int . leaky cauldron hagrid and Harry sit at a table in the corner . hagrid dip @ spoon into a huge howl of soup , look up . : bagrid : you all right , Harry ? yer very quiet . harry ( touch he scar ) he kill my parent , do not he ? the one who give I this . you know , hagrid . I know you do . hagrid study Harry , conflict , then set down he spoon . hagrid . ' course I know . who do yeh think carry yeh out o’ yer parent 's house , hallowe 'en night , ten year ago ? who ~ do yeh think bring yeh ter dumbledore an‘ watch he lay yeh on yer aunt a 's uncle 's doorstep ? ' course I know , Barry . hagrid lean in closer , he eye glimmer . in the dim pub . ~ — 2 ees ---- — 7 ] -— - - a= eae ke 62 '' revision 2nd 's Green . °19/04/0 ! 26a. led eagrid ( cone ' D ) : fir 's , un ! erstand this , ' cause it 's important : not. all yer wizard be good . some go bad . year ago , there o. be this one wizard who go as bad as '' you could go . his name be ...wasS ... maybe if you write it down . : eagrid nah= —can 's spell ite all right — voldemort . harry voldemort ? . bagrid shiver , hold up he hand , and glance quickly about the shadow of the pub bafore continue . : bagrid Dark day ' that be , Harry . vyolde .. . you - know - who . . start lookin’ fer follower . get ‘em too . anyone . that stand up to hin . end up dead . include yer parent . no one live once he decide to kill ‘em . not one . * cept you . harry . me? voldemort try to kill I ? hagrid that 's no ord ’nary cut on you forehead . a mark like that only come when yeh have be touch by a curse . a evil curse . just. then , a high , cackling voice pierce the silence . Harry turn , see a old woman laugh with the gumy bartender . harry ' but. what happen to vol ...to you - know - who ? hagrid ' some say he die . codswallop , in my opinion . I reckon he 's out there somewhere , jus’ too weak to carry on . but one thing 's fer certain , Harry . somethin’ about you stump he that night . that 's why. you be famous . that 's why e’ryone know yer name . ragrid lean close once more and this time he voice be barely a whisper . ee = -— 3 ee 8 ak they revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 26 B hagrid ( cont 'd ) you ’ré the boy who live . 62a ext . king 's cross station ~ dawn oe 62a not I Harry and hagrid , laden with a heavy trunk and snowy owl , '' stand outside the station in the shimmer dawn light . - hagrid check he watch , look suddenly urgent . hagrid - blimey , look at the time . ' fraid I ' ave ter be leavin 's yeh now , Harry . dumbledore will be wantin 's -- bagrid pat he left pocket . catch himself . hagrid ( cont ’d ) he ' will be wantin’ ter see I . ( hand he a ticket ) that there 's yer train . leave in about ten minute time . jus 's make sure yeh stick ter yeh ticket . that 's very important , Harry . stick ter yeh _ ticket ... harry there must be something wrong , hagrid . this say platform nine and Three quarter . there 's no such thing ... Harry look up , but hagrid ... be go . barry ( cont >) »-- be there ? ( more ) wee weed ae ee eee oe 63 iie I revision cherry 08/21/00 27-28 oo qo int . lower level - king 's cross - moment later Harry ' dash through a bustling King 's Cross , sledding to a halt in front of a pair of platform sign . one read nine , one read ten , Harry turn to a pass station officer . * harry : Excuse I . can you tell I where I might find platform nine and Three - quarter . station officer ( grumble off ) think you be funny , do ' you ? nine and Three - quarter indeed ... Harry look about , despairingly , then hear ... . mrs. weasley ( 0.s. ) «-- pack with muggles , of course . Harry turn , see a plump woman ( mrs . weasley ) hurry along four red-headed boy and they little , red-headed sister ( ginny ) . the boy all tow trunk identical to Harry 's . . . mrs. weasley ( cont 'd ) all right , percy . you first . Harry watch the tallest boy walk straight toward a divide barrier and ... vanish . Harry squint in confusion . next , Mrs. weasley turn to a pair of cheeky twin ( fred and GEORGE ) . mrs . weasley ( cont ’d ) Fred . you next . fred | I be not Fred . I be George . honestly , woman , you call yourself we mother ? mrs . weasley sorry , George . '' fred only joke . I be Fred . ~ mm ae _— oe we ee ~- et eee - not eee shoot draft White 11/09/00 . 29 . sl Fred dash off , trail by George . they too vanish . harry Excuse I . could you tell I -- mrs . weasley how to get onto the platform ? not to worry , dear . it 's ron 's first time to hogwart as well , Harry look at the youngest red-haire boy . he be tall , gangly , and presently have a smudge on he nose . wi mrs . weasley ( cont ’d ) all you have to do be walk straight at . the barrier between platform nine and ten. focus ... but do not stop and do not be * sear you 'il crash into it either . best * do it at a bit of a run if you be nervous . Harry look . shrug . ' sprint at full speed ; the ' barrier come closer and closer , he shut he eye and ... ext . platform nine and three quarter ~ day 64 ..- sleds onto a platform milling with people . a sign above read hogwart express . below it sit a scarlet steam engine . Harry glance behind , see a wringht - iron archway where the barrier have be , with the word platform nine and three quarter on it . just beyond , he see king Cross and the world he 's leave behind . new angle on platform Harry struggle with he ‘heavy trunk as all around he people say goodbye to they family . a round - face boy ( neville longbottom ) turn frantically to he gran . neville gran ! I have lose my toad again . gran oh , neville . honestly . not again ... further up , a boy in dreadlock ( lee jordan ) hold a BOX . student go on , Lee . give we a look . as Lee lift the lid , a long hairy leg protrude and student shriek . unimpress , one of the twin spot Harry struggle . wane wee fee ee not eee III shoot draft White 11/09/00 30 . C ) GEORGE '' want.a hand ? : harry yes , please . GEORGE oy ! c’mere , ; Fred ! take a handle . 64a ext . platform - further along ~ second later . 64a Fred and George heave Harry 's trunk atop other , similar trunk while Harry set hedwig with the owl . Harry wipe he sweaty hair off he brow ... revealing he scar . harry thanks very much . GEORGE blimey . you be ... fred Harry Potter . harry what ? oh , he . yes . I mean , I be ... mrs . weasley Fred ! George ! come say goodbye to Ginny . od Mrs. weasley stand wave , the redhead girl cling to she dress . the twin take one last look at Harry , dash off . 65 omitted 65 66 int . train compartment /ext . platform - day 66 Harry exit the crush of the aisle , enter a empty compartment . very much alone , he sit , peer out the window as percy weasley stride forth in billow black robe . percy have to go , mother . the other prefect be expect I up front . fred . * mum ! guess who 's on the train ? right now . * : fred / GEORGE Harry Potter ! ginny * oh , mum , can I go on and see he ? please . - '' - mane ie we qe they ee shoot draft White 11/09/00 31 . '' ) mrs . weasley we certainly not . the boy be not something you goggle at in . a zoo. ( as the whistle blows ) all right , on you go , all .of you . ron , what be that on you nose ? she go for a handkerchief , but ron spin away . she sigh , call after the twin . mrs . weasley ( cont 'd ) you two watch out for you brother . and behave yourselves this year . if I get one . more owl tell I you have blow up a =toilet or something -- fred blown up a toilet ? we have never blow up a toilet . GEORGE great idea , though , thanks , mum ! 67 ext . hogwart express - day 67 as the train move out of the station , Ginny chase after . Harry watch she from he 's window until she drop back . King 's Cross , and the life he 's know , drift away . 67a ext . scotland - hogwart express ~- day 67a the train whip past field , small country lane . 68 . int . train compartment - day 68 Harry sit quietly . then the compartment door slide open . ron stand there . see Harry , he hesitates . ron mind ? everywhere else be full . harry not at all . ron I be ron , by the way . harry I hear . I be Harry . ron i..- hear . ( unable to resist ) gs ( more ) cee ee eee I a no ajmew eee =. - not nem oe shoot . praft White 11/09/00 " 32 ; ron ( cont 'd ) on be it true ? I mean , have you really get the ... you know ... without prompt , Harry lift S he hair . show the scar . : ron ( cont 's D ) wick . harry y be all you family wizard ? ron huh ? oh. I think so . well , mum 's get a second cousin who 's a accountant . but we unever talk about he . I hear you go to live with muggles . what be they like ? harry horrible . well , not all of they . mine be , though . Trade they for three wizard brother any day . ron . five . I be the sixth in we family to go to hogwart . everyone expect I to do as well as the other . but if I do , it 's no big deal because they do it first . you never get anything new , either , with five brother . I have get Bill 's old robe . Charlie 's old wand ... even scabber use to be percy 's ... ron reach into he pocket , pull out a fat , gray , seemingly unconscious , rat ( scabber ) . ron ( cont 'd ) hardly ever wake up . he 's useless basically . percy get a owl for make prefect , but mum and dad could not afford -- I mean , I get scabber instead . ron look embarrassed . just then , a dimple woman push a trolley full of sweet pop she head in . dimple woman anything off the trolley , dear ? ron mumble ' no thanks , 's take out a lumpy . sandwich . Harry study he , then dig into he pocket , heavy with coin . harry we will take the lot . close up : trove of treat a wine worn ee - =e : ace 68a int . train compartment - day ( later ) revision yellow 13/10/00 33. 68a ... spread out on a empty seat . Harry marvel at the strange , wondrous candy before he . - harry ' bertie . bott 's every flavor bean 's ? ron they mean every flavor . there 's chocolate , peppermint ... but you can also get liver or spinach or tripe . George reckon he have a bogey - flavor one once . : harry this be not real frog , be they ? Harry hold up a pack of '' chocolate frog '' -- something be wriggle under the foil -- then see that ron already have a very realistic leg squirreling out the corner of he mouth . ' ron ( mumble ) just a spell . besides , it 's the card you want . each pack 's get a famous witch or wizard . get about 500 myself . watch it ! as Harry break the foil on he pack , the frog spring into the air and out the open train window . ron ( cont ’d ) that 's rotten luck . they have only get one good jump in they to begin with . Harry glance at the card in he hand . on it , there 's a man with a crooked nose , long silver beard , and half - moon glass . underneath be a name : albus dumbledore . harry I have get dumbledore ! ron I have about six of he . Trade you scabber though , if you get agrippa or ptolemy . harry ( read the back ) ' consider by many the great wizard of modern time , dumbledore be particularly famous for he defeat of the dark wizard grindelwald in 1945 , for he discovery of the 12 use of dragon 's blood , and he work on alchemy with he ( more ) a en shoot draft . White 11/09/00 34 . . oe : harry ( cont 'd ) ~ C ) " partner , nicolas : flamel . approximately 7 . apm cone hundred : and fifty year old , wea Professor dumbledore enjoy chamber = music , tenpin bowl , and ...’ ( leok up ) one hundred and fifty year old ? ron think he have be :older , do ' you ? beara harry ... noecd - shey , he 's go . Harry hold up the ' carte : '' now blank - ~to ron , who only shrug . = ron 2 - ~ c:- — ' well , . you can not expect he to hang around all day , can you ? - . harry it 's just , in the Muggle world , people stay put in photo . ron really ? they do not move at all ? weird ! just then , scabber snort , fall back asleep . * '' ) . ron ( cont ! D ) pathetic , be n’t.it ? Fred give I a. spell that 's to.turn -him yellow . want to see ? Harry nod , eager to see some magic . ron pull out a batter wand -- just as the compartment door open and a girl with bushy brown hair and rather large front tooth look in . she be hermione granger and be already wear she school robe . : hermione ; have anyone see - a toad ? a boy name neville have lose one . ( see ron 's wand ) . oh , - be you do magic ? let 's see then . she sit down . ron look a bit take aback , but clear he throat nonetheless , poise he wand over scabber . ron sunshine , daisy , butter mellow , turn this stupid , fat rat yellow . scabber . snort , but otherwise remain fat , grey , and asleep . coe ee th ee eee - a revision yellow . 13/10/00 . 35 . hermione : be you : sure that 's a real spell ? : well , it 's not.very.good , is.it ? I have only try a few simple one myself but they 's have all work for I , for example ... to Harry 's surprise , hermione take she wand , point it directly over he brow , then ... stop . hermione ( cont ’d ) goodness . you / be Harry Potter , be not '' * you ? i. know all about you , of course . I be do a little recreational read and you be in modern magical History , the . rise and fall of the Dark Arts and great . wizard event of the 20th century . harry be I ? hermione do not you know ?. I have have find out everything I could if it be I . ( raise she wand ) . oo anyway ... oculus reparo . * a instantly , the crack bridge of Harry 's glass be mend , hermione ( cont 'd ) there . that 's better , be not it ? I be hermione Granger , by the way . and you be ...? : ron be still stare at the glass , feel a bit outdone . ron um. .. ron. weasley . hermione pleasure . do either of you know what House you 'il be in ? I be hope for gryffindor - ~ I hear dumbledore himself be in it -- but I think I might just die if they put I in slytherin . that. be you - know - who 's House . anyway , you two . have better change into you robe . I expect we will be arrive soon . you have get dirt on you .nose , by the way , do you know ? as she exit , Harry and ron just sit , stare at the door . the ee ee ee ee 69 70 720a 71 72 shoot draft White 11/09/00 36 . ext . hogsmeade station — - hogwart ~: night | - wy 69 as the scarlet engine hiss to a-stop , . Harry and the other spill out . Harry 's robe shimmer grandly , while ronus secondhand silk show a bit too much sneaker . : hagrid we fir 's year !. fir 's year over here ! hagrid give Harry a wink as he come lope out 's of the. darkness , swinging a lamp . . ron , preoccupy with wiping he nose clean on he robe , stop , .dumbstruck by hagrid 's size . omitted .. : 70 ext . black lake - night .- moment late ! . 710 a a fleet of tiny boat glide silently over a glassy lake . Harry ride with ron , hermione and neville longbottom , gaze at the dark tree of the forest that surround they . a glint of silver flicker through the black tree , like a dream . Harry watch , transfix , then ... hagrid you there ! Don 's be trailin’ yer finger in the water . yeh might find yeh don 's get ‘em all back . Harry turn , see that hagrid be speak to a pointy - face boy ( draco malfoy ) . malfoy eye hagrid darkly , whisper to a pair of thick - looking boy ( crabbe and goyle ) . . Harry peer into the black water , see he own pale face look back , then a soft glitter of reflected light dance on the surface . he look up , watch a magnificent castle drift into view . hogwart . omitted : 7 int . entrance hall - hogwart castle - night 72 Harry and the other enter a grand entryway light with flame torch . professor mcgonagall , a rather severe- look witch in a emerald cloak , stand before a pair of towering door . she lift she chin , survey the new student . professor mcgonagall welcome to hogwart . in a moment ; you '' will pass through this door and join you classmate , but before you can take you seat , you must be sort into you house . they be gryffindor , hufflepuff , ravenclaw , and slytherin . while here , ( more ) , be ee a shoot draft White °11/09/00 37 . professor mcgonagall ( cont 'd ) you House be , in many way , you family . you triumph will earn you House ° point , while any rule - break will lose point . at the end of the year , the House with the most be award the House Cup , a great honor . I hope each of you ... just then , a rather large toad spring forth , croak . neville trevor ! neville , blissfully relieved , gather he . toad , : then.peer up from the hem of Professor mcgonagall 's robe . * professor mcgonagall .-- will be a credit to whichever House become yours . the sort ceremony will begin momentarily . Professor mcgonagall glower at neville , then exit . as she go , there be a brief clamor of SOUND from the student wait in the great Hall beyond . harry how exactly do they sort we ? ron . some kind of test , I think . Fred say it hurt like hell , but . I be suré he be joke . at least ... I think he be . just then , draco malfoy push through the crowd , shadow by the boy from the boat . malfoy stare openly at Harry 's scar . malfoy it 's true then , what they be say on the train . Harry Potter have come to hogwart . Harry 's eye slide , appraise the other two boy . malfoy ( cont 'd ) . oh. this be crabbe and goyle . and ny name 's malfoy . draco malfoy . | ron cough , mask a snigger . malfoy 's eye narrow . malfoy ( cont ’d ) think my name 's funny , do you ? no need to ask yours . Red hair , freckle , and a hand - me-down robe - ~ you must be a weasley . {to Harry ) you will soon find out some wizarding ( more ) wee ee ire ee hee ee eee they ll shoot draft White 11/09/00 38. malfoy : ( cont 'd ) >: - . family be better than other , Potter . you do not want to go make friend with the wrong sort . I can help you there . malfoy extend he hand , but Harry 's gaze remain level . a harry I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself , thanks . malfoy 's eye glitter with rage . finally he drop he hand , | turn away . hermione : . - well , he 's rather disagreeable , be not he ? ron and Harry turn , see hermione . just then , Professor mcgonagall return . professor mcgonagall we be ready for you . 73 int . great hall ~ night 713 Harry and the other file into a strangely splendid place light by thousand of candle floating in midair over four long table line with student . Harry look to the window below es the ceiling , find glorious star and a icy blue moon . hermione : it 's not real , the ceiling . it 's only bewitch to look like the night sky . I read about it in hogwart , a History . Professor mcgonagall sweep to the front of the room where a wizard be hat -- patch and fray -- sit on a stool . professor mcgonagall before we begin , Professor . dumbledore would like to say a few word . : Harry watch with great interest as the great wizard himself rise from he seat at the High table . dumbledore yes , and here they be : nitwit ! blubber ! oddment !. tweak ! thank you ! the great Hall thunder with applause . hermione . 1 I hear he 's a genius . : : i -- = eo see — _ — - - a ee eee - ae ee ~ ee ee ee = + ae ee ee ae eee mee shoot draft White 11/09/00 39 . we '' ) as the applause subside , the hat twitches . at the brim , a * ° rip open wide , and the hat begin to talk . * sorting hat oh , you may not think I be pretty but do not judge on what you see I will eat myself if you can find a smarter hat than I . — there 's nothing hide . in you head the sort hat can not see so try I on and I will tell you where you ought to be .... et ee * as the student applaud , the hat take a bow and Professor mcgonagall : step forward with a roll of parchment . * professor mcgonagall when I call you name , you will come forth , put on the hat and be sort . oconsult she list ) hermione Granger . ee re * hermione oh dear . here it be , be not it ? the moment . goodness . what if the hat say nothing and we be all just leave stand here forever ... 's ron ( as she go mumble off ) mental , that one . I be tell you . both watch hermione seat herself , lower the hat . sorting hat gryffindor ! percy pull out a chair for hermione at the gryffindor table . professor mcgonagall draco malfoy . ron slytherin . draco malfoy swagger forth and grip the hat . he 's barely touch it to he head , when : sorting hat slytherin ! eioeeedte fee | be revision yellow .13/10/00 ° 40 . ron ( off Harry 's amazement ) ut there 's not a witch or wizard who go ' bad who be not in slytherin . draco 's father be - one of the first to join you - know - who when he get power . and one of the first to come back when he lose it . professor mcgonagall ' Susan Bones . . as susan bone dash ‘up front , Harry glance to . the High table . dumbledore watch the proceedings placidly , while Professor quirrell talk to a hook -nose man with greasy black hair and sallow skin , professor snape . slowly , as if he can feel . Harry 's gaze , snape turn , look straight into - Harry 's eye . instantly , a sharp , hot pain shoot across Harry 's scar . harry ouch ! ron Harry ? what be it ? harry n-nothing . I be fine . sorting hat hufflepuff ! as Susan Bones run off ... professor mcgonagall Ronald weasley . as ron step nervously away , Harry glance back to the High table . snape have return to he conversation . ° sorting hat gryffindor ! Fred and George whoop loudly as ron come grin out of the hat , greatly relieved . Harry start to clap himself when ... professor mcgonagall Harry Potter . there be a abrupt drop in the chatter . as Harry make he way , he avoid the eye of the many who stare and whisper . professor mcgonagall ( cont 'd ) if you will , Mr. Potter . 74 shoot draft White 11/09/00 41. Harry sit , take the hat , and ... slowly ... lower it . re wait , then the hat begin to speak . sorting hat hmmm . difficult . very difficult . plenty of courage , I see . not a bad mind either . there 's talent , oh yes , and a thirst to prove yourself . but where to put you ...? Harry grip the edge of the stool , close he eye . his lip move ever so slightly : not. slytherin . not slytherin . sorting hat ( cont ’d ) not slytherin , eh ? be you sure ? you ' could be great , you know , it 's all here in you head , and slytherin will help you on the way to greatness , no doubt about that ... no ? well , if you be sure ... better be gryffindor ! a roar erupt from the gryffindor table . Harry stand shakily and walk to he table , where percy , the weasley twin , and hermione all welcome he . at the High table , dumbledore lift he goblet and , meeting Harry 's eye ... nod . int . great hall - later , 74 freshly sort and seat , the gryffindor first year watch in amazement as the empty plate before they suddenly ... fill with food . there be roast beef , chicken , pork chop , lamb chop , sausage , bacon , steak - - the feast of all feast . Harry * listen as a rather wild - look boy name seamus talk to * another student , dean thomas . * seamus I be half and half . I dad 's a Muggle , Mam 's a witch . bit of a nasty shock for he when he find out . as percy lean over to pour a strange liquid into Harry 's * goblet , Harry nod to the High table , to Professor snape . * harry say , percy . who 's that teacher talk to Professor quirrell ? percy hm ? oh. Professor snape . head of slytherin House . harry what 's he teach ? a ee ee ee ee ee ee ae '' shoot draft White 11/09/00 42. '' percy # potion . but. everyone know it 's the Dark Arts he fancy . : be after quirrell 's job for year . just then , several student shriek as a volley of ghost stream into the hall overhead . one swoop down . percy ( cowr 's D ) hello , Sir nicolas . have a nice summer ? : nearly headless nick dismal . 's what with : the slytherin win : : the House Cup six year in a row , the '' bloody Baron 's become unbearable . Nick nod he head in the direction of the slytherin table , where a horrific , blood - stained ghost hover ' imperiously . nearly headless nick ( cont ’d ) then again , he 's always be unbearable . ron I know you . you be nearly headless Nick . . nearly headless nick : e ) : I prefer Sir nicolas , if you do not mind . hermione nearly headless ? how can you be nearly headless ? nearly headless nick like. this . seize himself by the leave ear , Nick swing he entire head off he neck and onto he shoulder , as if it be on a hinge . neville ( blanching ) i- think I be do eat . just then , dumbledore rise at the High table . dumbledore if I may , I have a few start - of - term notice to announce . first year should note that the . Dark Forest be strictly forbidden to all pupil . also , we caretaker , Mr. filch have ask I to remind you that ... wane ee ee eee oo 75 76 shoot draft White 's 11/09/00 43. filch , a.sour-look man , stand near a. side exit while mrs . norris , a cat with glitter red eye , sit by he foot . dumbledore ( cont ! D ) +.sno magic should be use between class in the corridor . and finally , please note that this year , the third floor corridor 's on the right hand ' side be out of bound to everyone who do not wish to die a most painful death . hear this , ron stop chew for the first time , glance at Harry . but. before either can speak ... * dumbledore ( cont 'd ) and now , let we sing the school song ! everyone pick they favorite tune and off we go ! Professor mcgonagall roll she eye slightly as dumbledore wield he wand . consult the parchment of lyric place beside they plate , Harry and he fellow first year join a rouse , but rather dischordant , chorus of voice . school ' singing hogwart , hogwart , hoggy warty hogwart teach we thing worth know bring back what we have forget just do you best , we will do the rest and learn until we brain all rot ... int . marble staircase - hogwart - later ~ night 15 as the new gryffindor follow percy up the staircase , Harry stare in wonderment at the portrait on the wall : the people in they move . percy this be . the most direct path to the dormitory , except on Fridays , of course , when the staircase ... change . as the staircase before they move to the right , percy wait briefly , then lead on without comment to a ... int , 7th floor corridor - moment later ~ night 716 +..@ new corridor . up ahead , Harry spy a bundle of walking stick float in midair . without warning , the walk stick come fly forth . as the first year duck and dodge , percy sigh in annoyance . --. tome -= - -< wer eee we no ge ee 77 ° revision vetaluy 44 : ... percy a gryffindor , I give you peeve , hogwart resident poltergeist . pop ! a tiny translucent man with wick eye and wide mouth — appear , clutching the last walk stick . he be peeve . peeve . oooh ! ickle - firstiest what fun ! with that , peeve swoops : off , wag he tongue and bounce a walk stick off neville 's head . '' percy ( walk on ) of '' ' Rather a nuisance , I be afraid . : ah. here we be . at the very end of the corridor , hang a portrait of a woman in a pink silk dress . she look at percy . pink lady password ? percy caput draconis . the portrait swing forward , revealing a round hole in the wall . the student all scramble through it , into the ... int . gryffindor common room - night the student enter a.cozy , . round room , fill with squashy armchair . at the top of a spiral staircase , be two door . percy Girls 's dormitory to the leave . boy to the right . you will find you belonging have already be bring up . any question ? ( no one speak ) then , goodnight all . oh , and ' do not ( more ) co nb i 77 I shoot draft White 11/09/00 45 . percy ( cont 'd ) +. forget . before retire , please place all live potion ingredient in you cupboard . this include slug , fire beetle and cutworm . sweet dream ... 78 =int . boy tower dormitory - later - night : we 78 moonlight fall through the tower window as ron , neville and seamus slumber . as we find Harry , he be sleep too , but it be not restful . he twitches and turn ... there be a flash of GREEN ... then he awaken with a start , sit up . tremble . he glance about the room , then lie slowly back . eye open . 79 . int . stairway - 12 NORTH - hogwart - morning 79 the stairway bustles with student as Harry and ron make they way . clearly lose , ron consult he timetable . ron this be staircase ' twelve North , which ° should take we to backward staircase Seven - - no wait a minute , we be on backward staircase Seven ... harry how many staircase be there ? pen hermione . ( } one hundred forty - two , though , in a = History of Magic , bathilda bagshot make unattribute reference to three other . Harry and ron watch hermione pass by , apparently hold every single first Year course book in she arm . ron I hate she . 79a int . mcgonagall 's classroom - morning 2 709a student sit attentively , look front ... at a cat . its marking , particularly around the eye , be somehow familiar . Harry and ron burst in , glance around . ron whew ! we make it , mate . can you imagine old mcgonagall 's face if we be late first day out ... hear this , the cat narrow its eye , leap up - and ... transform ... into old mcgonagall herself . ron 's mouth drop open in amazement . wee ee ee 80 revision yellow 13/10/00 46 . ° '' ron ( cont 'd ) that be bloody brilliant ! professor mcgonagall thank you for that assessment , Mr. weasley . but perhaps it might be more useful if I transfigure mr- Potter or '' yourself into a pocket watch . that way one of you might be 's on time . harry we get lose . professor mcgonagall then perhaps a map . I trust you do not need one to find you seat ? Harry and ron slink past hermione , sit front row center . professor mcgonagall ( cont 'd ) transfiguration be some of the most complex , dangerous and valuable magic you will learn at hogwart . use it skillfully and it may , one day , save you life . make a mistake and you could find yourself with a toad 's head and a monkey 's tail . ( open a textbook ) all right then . shall we ? Harry and ron exchange a glance , whip open they book . int . dungeon - potion - next morning - day - as Professor snape pace imperiously , Harry and the other 's sit in dead silence , eye wander to the pickled animal float in glass jar along the cold stone wall . snape there will be no foolish wand wave or silly incantation in this class . as such , I do not expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that be potion make . however , for that select few ... ( glance at malfoy ) +.- who possess the predisposition , I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the sense . I can tell you how to bottle . fame , brew glory , even stopper death . then again , maybe some of you . have come to hogwart in possession of . ( more ) wee ele wae fennel 80 oe ok rr re * [ fs = ) ol shoot draft White 11/09/00 47 . snape ( cont 'd ) ~ 2 ability . so formidable that you feel confident enough to ... not pay attention . Harry blink , realize snape be look at he . snape ( cont ! D ) mr.. Potter . we new ... celebrity . tell I . what would I get if I add powder root of asphodel to an. infusion of wormwood ? Harry look at a loss . hermione 's hand shoot into the air . snape . ( cont ! D ) you do not know . well , .let 's try again . where , Mr. Potter , would you look if TI '' tell you to find I a bezoar ? harry I do not know , sir . : snape and the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane ? Harry see malfoy , crabbe and goyle sniggering . harry I do not know , sir . snape pity . clearly fame be not everything , be it , Mr. Potter . harry clearly hermione know . it seem a pity not to ask she . neville , seamus and a few other gryffindor laugh . snape : silence ! and put you hand down , you silly girl ! hermione wilt . snape step toward Harry , eye glimmer . snape ( cont ’d ) for you information , Potter , asphodel and wormwood make a sleep potion so powerful it be know as the draught of the live Dead . a bezoar be a stone take from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poison . as for monkshood and . wolfbane , . they be the same plant , which also go by the name of ( more ) . ee ee 81 shoot draft White 11/09/00 48. snape ( cont ’d ) . -. aconite . . ( to the other ) well , why be not you all copying this down ? the student scramble for they quill and parchment . snape ( cont ’d ) and gryffindor . note - that five point will be take from you House for you classmate 's cheek . int . great hall - later - day . : 81 Harry stare glumly at the four hourglasses .as 's the. precious gem drop * in gryffindor 's , rise in slytherin 's . down the table , seamus be muttering . seamus Eye of rabbit , harp string aum ... harry what 's seamus try . to do to that glass of water ? ron turn it to rum . actually manage .a weak tea yesterday before it ... pffft ! blue flame shoot over the rim of the glass . ron '' ( cont ' D ) two knut say he lose he . eyebrow by week 's end . ah , mail 's here . dozen of owl circle the ceiling , then swoop down , drop parcel from home . a copy of the Daily Prophet roll onto the table near Harry . ron ( cont ’d ) hey look ! neville 's get a remembrall ! neville hold a glass ball fill with white smoke . slowly , the smoke begin to turn a deep scarlet . hermione I have read about that . if the smoke turn red it mean you have forget something . neville only problem be ... I can not remember what I have forget . Harry , Daily Prophet . in hand , nudge ron . ~- Le ae dl ee eee ee no ss ss ss shoot draft White 11/09/00 . 49 . harry hey , ron . somebody break into gringott ! listen : ' believe to be the work of Dark wizard or witch unknown , gringott goblin , while acknowlege the breach , insist nothing be take . the vault in question have , in fact , be emptied earlier that very same day . 's that 's odd . ron it 's mad . dad say there . be dragon guard some of the vault . i harry . '' no . it 's just odd ... that 's the day hagrid and I be there . 82 ext . the ground - hogwart - day 82 Harry stand in a cluster of gryffindor , across from malfoy and he slytherin croney . between they , there be a long line of broomstick . madame hooch , a rangy witch with short grey hair and hawk - like eye , stand between the two group . madame hooch welcome to you first Flying lesson . = well , what be you all wait for ? '' everyone step up to a broomstick . come now . hurry up . . Harry step forward nervously , glance down . his broom be old , with twig stick out at odd angle . madame hooch ( cont ’d ) stick out you right hand , over the broom , and say '' up '' ! shout of '' up ! '' ring on the cold afternoon air . though he barely whisper the command , Harry 's broom snap smartly into he hand , hermione 's simply roll over . ron 's fly up and crack he in the nose . madame hooch ( cont ’d ) now . once you have get hold of the broom , I want you to mount it . and grip it tight . we do not want you slide off the end . _ ( walk the row ) you other right hand , Mr. finnegan . goodness , boy , what have you do with you eyebrow ? . seamus lose ‘em , mar ’am . ae wee sle en ee we '' shoot draft White 12/09/00 50 . malfoy Excuse I , madam hooch , give that . a few - of we . have be on stick . for year , would it not make sense to separate the expert flyer : from ... ( glance at Harry ) '.s the neophyte ? .. madame hooch thank you , Mr. malfoy , but I be sure even a expert flyer such as yourself can : appreciate the benefit of . reacquaint oneself with the basic . you grip , for example . it 's thumb in , not out . as malfoy redden , Harry . and ron share a grin . madame hooch ( cont 'd ) very well . now when I blow my whistle , I want each of you to kick off from the ground . hard . keep you broom steady , hover for a moment , then lean forward * . ' slightly and touch back down . on my whistle ... Three ... two ... jumping the gun entirely , a nervous neville shoot straight up into the air , like a cork out of a bottle . madame kooch ( cont ’d ) . Mr. longbottom ! exactly where do you think you be go ? ciutch desperately to he broom , neville carom crazily off a tree , flop upside down , rocket past the other student -- who duck -- then soar into a mad spiraling climb . madame hooch ( cont ’d ) come. down here this instant ! neyille 's : pale face peer down , he eye roll up ... madame hooch ( cont ’d ) on you broomstick , longbottom ! too late . with a giant thud and a nasty crack , neville hit 's the pitch . Madame hooch and the gryffindor rush over . madame hooch ( cont ’d ) Broken wrist . come on , dear . up you get . ( lead he off ) everyone 's to keep they foot on the ground while I take Mr. longbottom to the Hospital wing . understand ? if I see a ( more ) wae ee a - + ee a ee not not revision . Blue . 22/09/00 81 , . madame hooch ’:( cont 's D ) single broom in the air , the. one riding it will find themselves out of hogwart before they can say ' Quidditch . 's as they go , Harry watch neville 's broom sail high over hagrid 's house , where the giant himself sit in the front garden , watch with a pair of binoculars . malfoy scoops neville 's remembrall from the grass , cackle . malfoy do you see he face ? perhaps if the great lump have give this a squeeze , he would 's have remember to fall on he fat .arse . harry give it here , malfoy . malfoy no , I think I will leave it somewhere for longbottom to find . how about up a tree ? malfoy sling a leg over he broom , kick into the air . malfoy ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter , Potter ? a bit beyond you reach ? Barry glower up at malfoy , then grab he broom . hermione Harry ! no ! you hear what Madame hooch say . besides you do not even know how to ... fly . Harry shoot into : the sky , so angry that it 's a moment before he realize what the other see clearly : he 's a natural . turn he broomstick sharply , he hover , glaring at malfoy . harry give it here . or I 'il knock you off that ruddy broom . malfoy be that so ? Harry shoot forth like a javelin , malfoy just manage to slip he charge . as Harry whip around , malfoy glance down at the ground , clearly unnerve . Harry simply smile . malfoy ( cont 'd ) have it you way , then ! - ee 2253 will mee eee revision Blue . 22/09/00 '' 51a . — malfoy hurl the ball high .. as it . plummet , Harry throw himself into a steep dive , rocketing recklessly downward , a 83 84 84a I shoot draft . White 11/09/00 52. ignore the earth as it rush toward he , extend he hand and ... snatching the ball only foot : from . the ground . he land rugn , grin , as. the gryffindor cheer . then ... we professor mcgonagall ear=ry pot-terl Harry 's stomach drop . malfoy grin hideously . malfoy Chin up , Potter . they might let you stay — on as. hagrid 's assistant . int . corridor ~ hogwart - moment later ~ day : 83 Harry trail silently after Professor mcgonagall . int . adjoining classroom - moment later 84 Professor mcgonagall lean into a adjacent classroom . professor mcgonagall Excuse I , Professor quirrell , could I borrow Wood for a moment .. startle , Professor quirrell jump , then oliver wood , a burly - fifth - year , emerge , glance curiously at Harry . professor mcgonagall ( cont ’d ) Potter , this be Oliver Wood . Wood ... I have find you a seeker . int . corridor - hogwart - evening 84a Harry and ron walk , buffete by the stream of student head for dinner . hermione walk a few step behind . ron seeker ! but first year never make the House team . you must be . the youngest Quidditch player in -- harry ~-a century .. accord to mcgonagall . just then , Fred and George descend . fred well do , Harry . Wood 's just tell we . ron Fred and George be on the team too . beater . to bg ce ee ree ST : : a shoot draft White - 11/09/00 . 53. '' . GEORGE we job to make sure ' you do not get bloody up too bad . can not make any promise , of course . Rough game , Quidditch . . - fred brutal . but no one 's die in year . someone will vanish . occasionally ... GEORGE ~ but they turn up . in a month or two . as the twin dash off , ron read Harry 's 's troubled face . - woe ron : oh go on , Harry . Quidditch be great . best game there be . and you will be great too . harry but I have never even play Quidditch . * what if I make a fool of myself ? . * hermione you will not make a fool of yourself . . a ron and Harry turn . they have not even notice hermione . hermione ( cont 'd ) it 's in you blood . '' '' 84b int . trophy staircase - moment later 84b hermione lead Harry and ron to a display case . Inside be a history of Quidditch at hogwart , with ancient broom , strange equipment , and various trophies . she point . etched upon a silver tray , below a gryffindor lion , one name shine : James Potter , seeker . ron Harry ... you do not tell I you father - be a seeker too . harry . i...did not know . 84c int . marble staircase -. moment later : 84c * as Harry and ron trail hermione up the staircase , ron — * whisper . * mee ee ae a eee mm ee ee oe 84d int . forbidden corridor - continuous 85-920mitted scs . 85-92 shoot draft White 11/09/00 54 . ron I be tell you , it 's spooky . she know more about you than you do . harry who do not ? just then , the staircase lurch beneath théir foot ... ... and transport they to a very dark , very creepy corridor . a ron : '' do anybody feel like ... we should not be here ? hermione we be not suppose to be here . this be the third floor . it 's forbidden . harry ( intrigue ) why , though ? hermione because dumbledore say so . let 's go . meow . they freeze . a cat sit watch they , eye glitter in the dark . then ...a shadow scale the wall . filch ( 0.s. ) who go there ! they turn , dash the opposite way . as they reach a door , Harry grip the knob , twist . it 's locked . filch ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) lead I to they , my sweet .... ron that 's it . we be do for . hermione oh , move over . alohomora ! hermione give she wand a swish and ... the door swing open . Harry and ron stare incredulously . hermione ( cont ’d ) Standard Book of spell . chapter Seven . gp ee ee ae ee I -- ee ae a ee ee 84d 85-92 qo 93 94 95 36 . revision Tan vssusy 55 '' int . '' forbidden room — continuous as they fall inside , hermione press she ear to the door . ron chapter Seven ? hermione shhh ! filch be ... go . ron he probably think this door be lock , : hermione it be lock . harry and for good reason ... hermione and ron turn . stand a foot away be a dog ... only this one have three head , three pair of mad , roll eye , and three set of hideous yellow fang drip with saliva . as the dog roar , they tumble back outside and ... : int . 3rd floor corridor .-- Harry fling home the door just before the dog throw itself against it . they exchange a glance , dash off . omit sc. 95 . int . gryffindor common room - night the pink Lady frown as they spill through , stand gasp . ron what do they think they be do keep a thing like that lock up in school ? hermione you do not use you eye , do you ? do not you see what it be stand on ? ron I be not look at its foot . I be a bit preoccupy with its head . or maybe you do not notice . there be three . aw ee ee 54 ue eee ek .. 94 95 96 > revision tan.0§.01.00 5 . hermione it be ' stand on a trapdoor , which mean - it 's not there by accident . it 's - ae ---- +e ee I ee ee i ' ghoot draft . White 11/09/00 ' 56 . harry guarding something . hermione that 's right . : now , if you do not mind , I think I will - go to bed before either of you figure out another clever way to get we kill . or worse ... expell . co 97 omitted 96a , 97 ' ext . practice field -~ dusk harty stand with Oliver Wood on the empty practice pitch . wood Quidditch be easy enough to understand . each team have seven player : Three chaser , two beater , one keeper - and the seeker -- that 's you . there be three kind of ball . this one 's call the quaffle . ( hold up a red ball ) the chaser handle the quaffle and try to put it through one of three hoop . the keeper -~- that 's I -- defend the hoop . with I so far ? Harry nod , point to a'wood crate rock violently . harry I think so .. what 's in there ? wood here . ' take this . Wood hand Harry a SMALL club , kneel before the crate , and unlash a leather strap . instantly , a black ball rocket into the sky , then , without warning , plummet straight down -- at Harry 's head . startle , Harry jump aside and -- purely on instinct -- club it back into the sky . wood ( cont ! D ) . not bad , Potter .. you would make a fair beater . careful now , it 's come back . as the ball scream back to earth , Wood crate it . harry what be that ? eee gc ewe Le 38 ae ee shoot draft White 11/09/00 57 . wood bludger .. nasty little bugger . but you 's be a-. seeker . the only ball I want you to worry about be ... this . Wood take out a tiny ball about the size of a walnut . bright gold , it have little , flutter wing . harry i. like this bali . wood you like it now . just wait . it 's wick : fast and damn near impossible to see . harry what do I do with it ? wood catch it . before the other team 's seeker . you catch this , the game be over . you catch this , Potter ... we win , 99 int . , professor flitwick 's CLASS - day , 99 professor flitwick , a very tiny , gnome - like wizard , stand on & a pile of book as he oversee the class . professor flitwick : ' now do not forget that nice wrist movement we have be . practise . swish and flick . swish and flick . Harry , pair with seamus , pose he wand over the feather before he and begin to swish and flick . harry wingardium leviosa . the feather flutter , but never leave the table . professor flitwick and enunciate ! never forget wizard baruffio , who say 's 's instead of ‘f 's and find himself on the floor with a buffalo on he chest . ron - wingardium leviosa ! ron windmills he arm grandly . nothing . hermione frown . 100 101 revision yellow 13/10/00 . 58.:° hermione . .- e - honestly . . you be go to take ) someone 's eye out . besides , .. you be say it wrong . . it 's levi-ohhhh - sa . not. levi-o-saaaah . _ . sron oo ney you do it then , . if you 's be so clever . hermione wingardium leviosa . hermione swishes and flick . instantly the feather rise . * professor flitwick oh , well do ! everyone see here . miss Granger 's do it ! pffft ! across the room , smoke curl between seamus and Harry . harry I think we be go to neéd another ' feather over here , Professor . 's int . courtyard - later - day 100 as Harry and ron cross the courtyard , ron mimic hermione . ron it 's levi-ohhhhh - sa : not levi-o~saaaah . she 's a nightmare , honestly . no wonder she have not get any friend . just then , someone bump into Harry . he turn , see hermione dash by , hugging she book , eye glitter with tear . : harry : I think she hear you . int.. great hall . -. night _ 21021 candlelit pumpkin flicker throughout the. hall , while thousand of live bat flutter overhead . Harry . sit quietly , study a empty chair , then see Professor mcgonagall stand across : the way with hagrid . both be look at he . * mcgonagall say something to hagrid , who nod , then she step * away , approach Harry . — : * professor mcgonagall how be you , Potter ? all right ? harry yes , Professor . Fine . dea oq co ee ue I know ... that be , we know ... the member iie os 'ss d '' sc ! " " ~ wcw — ce . shoot draft White 11/09/00 59 . } professor mcgonagall of the staff ... that this be perhaps a difficult night for you . Halloween . you parent ... Harry realize what she be talk about . nod . " harry , I be all right , Professor . professor mcgonagall very well . : she turn , " start to go . harry Professor ... thank you . professor mcgonagall you be welcome , Potter . as she go , Harry see ron glumly push he food around , listen to neville speak across the empty chair to seamus . neville | parvati patil say she would not come out of the girl 's bathroom . Said she 's be in there all afternoon . crying . just then , Professor quirrell run into the room , cry out : quirrell troll in the dungeon ! troll in the dungeon ! think you ought to know ... he faint to the floor . there be a brief silence , then utter pandemonium break out . student shriek , bat screech . pop ! pop ! pop ! the hall go still , all eye on dumbledore , stand at the front , purple smoke trail from he wand . dumbledore everyone will please not panic . prefect , lead you house back to the dormitory . teacher , follow I to the dungeon . 102 int . marble staircase - moment later - night 102 as they follow percy up the stair , ron still look glun , harry how could a troll get in ? - ae oe eee meee — eee ee ee eee wa ---- = awn a a 103 104 I ieessssss 'ss < a aa revision '' salmon 's ' 14/11/06 ' 66 ron ee ' not on its own . troll be really : stupid . probably peeve 's play joke ... ( see Harry 's face ) ' what ? - : harry hermione . she do not know . int . . girl 's bathroom corridor - moment later .- night 103 , Harry and ron slip away from the gryffindor , in with the hufflepuff , then down a desert hallway . as footstep ring | out , they duck behind a stone griffin , see snape hurry past . harry that 's the third : floor he 's go to . teacher be suppose to go 's to the dungeon ... ( wrinkling he nose ) what 's that ? ron smell like Fred 's sock .. only ... worse . much worse . lumber toward they be a troll with . a enormous club . as it come . into a patch of moonlight , it blink stupidly , peer into a doorway , then slouches slowly inside . Harry study a suit of armor beside the door , think ... harry follow I . Harry edge forward , pull the sword from the suit of armor , and run it through the door handle , trapping the troll . ron yes ! Harry grin , then hear a high , petrify scream . harry this would not be the girl 's bathroom , would it ? have cut to : * close up -- hermione scream * int . girl bathroom ~ night . or 104 * a huge shadow fall over hermione 's face . revision salmon '' 14/11/00 60a hermione's Pov - . +.. as the troll advance directly toward she . she dash into a stall , bolt the door . tremble , she peer upward ... watch as ... the troll 's face appear over the top , | look in . . panicked , she drop to the floor and shimmy into the next stall , out of sight . angere , the troll raise its . club and -- smash !-- shatter the stall hermione just vacate . as wood rain down in jag , splinter piece ... +. Harry and ron rush in , stare in horror as the troll raise the club high and shatter the next stall . hermione , still crawl , cover she head and peer back . smash ! the club come thunder down yet again , this time just inch from she foot . | . ron do not worry , hermione ! we be here ! : ( turn to Harry ) she " 's dead . hermione , I hear that ! ron what do we do ? harry ( look about frantically ) confuse it ! ron confuse it ? - ( shrugging ) hey , pea brain ! ' Harry and ron grab anything they ' can and begin to hurl it at the troll , but they , might as well be throw marshmallow . as shard of wood bounce off its pint-size head and great lumpy shoulder , the troll bring the club down once more and shatter the last stall . as Harry and ron look on grimly , the troll jab its club into the hash of wood before it , poke about for hermione , when , at the last second ... .-- she scramble out and dash under the sink . grunting furiously , the troll turn , begin to advance on she . the the oe tt hee * ee , +e + et toe oe re ** revision salmon , 14/11/60 ' 608 Harry , think fast , rush forward and leap upon the troll 's rise club ... rise himself ... right out of frame ... and then ... .drop ... «.. right : onto the troll 's slimy neck . the troll blink dimly and , - before it can react , Harry - - purely on instinct ~ - shove | he wand straight up the troll 's nose , the troll roar in pain , drop the club and stamp about . ron watch helplessly , then glance at the ' club on the floor , a idea flicker across he face . raising he '' wand , he speak : ron ( cont 'd ) wingardium leviosa . Harry . swing around , see ron stand , wand poise . it do not inspire confidence . rom look at hermione , take a breath , and this time , employ the correct pronunciation . ron ( cont ’d ) - wingardium levi-ohheh-sa ! with that , the club quiver upon the floor ... begin to rise . the troll , still raging , grab Harry 's leg and peel he off he body . as he hold Harry up high , suspend by one leg , ° Harry 's world go upside down , spin , when ... .+. the club float by he face . the troll pause , watch in confusion as the club rise toward the ceiling , hang 's in magical suspension until ... ... thunk ! it drop smack on the troll 's head . wobbling , the troll release its grip on Harry 's leg and ... ... drop he hard to the floor . Harry peer up . the troll wobble one last time and start to fall ... directly on top of Harry . quickly , Harry roll away ... -+- just before the troll slam to the floor , inch away . all be quiet for a moment . then hermione step . forward . hermione be it -- dead ? harry I do not think so . just knock out . ron no need to kill it , after all . no — ET + +e * eee ++ + +e the * revision . salmon 14/11/00:60c harry : yes , well , that be big of you . ugh . troll snot . of Harry extract he wand , wipe it on the troll 's trousers . a * sudden volley of footstep announce the arrival of * Professors mcgonagall , snape , and a still queasy quirrell . * * * Harry notice a spot of blood on snape 's leg , see snape shift he cloak to cover it . professor mcgonagall explain yourselves ! both of you . + hermione it 's my fault , Professor mcgonagall . professor mcgonagall miss Granger ! hermione I go look for the troll . I have read - about they and think I could handle it . but I be wrong . if Harry and ron have not come along ... I have be dead . ron drop he wand , stunne by hermione 's lie . professor mcgonagall I be very disappointed in you , miss Granger . five point will be take from gryffindor for you very serious lack of judgement . as for you gentleman , I hope you realize just how lucky you be . not many first year could take on a full grow mguntain troll and live to tell the tale . I award each of you five point ... for sheer dumb luck . 2 . ~ 6 ] --s------- * * tee eh * tee '' révision . 's salmon 14/11/00 1105 int . seventh floor ' corridor -. moment later - night one walk : silently beside Harry and ron . harry - good of she to get we out - of trouble like that . ron 's mind you , we do save she from a full '' grow mountain troll . harry . - mind you , she might not have need save if we have not lock the thing in with she . ron glance at hermione , then away . ae ee ~ gg uw - a------ 61-62 105 mee ee ee ee rr ss shoot draft White 11/09/00 63. ron what be friend for ? 105a int . great hall - day 105a . o* Harry , ron and hermione sit together . Harry ignore he * breakfast . ron , as usual , be stuff he face . * ron - * take a bit of toast , mate . go on . . * hermione * * ron 's right , Harry . you be go to need you strength today . harry * I be not hungry . * snape * ( appear ) * good luck today , Potter . then again , now * that you have prove yourself against a * troll , a little game of Quidditch should * : be easy work for you . even if it be * against my boy . * & snape smile , limp away toward the slytherin table . * hermione * ; that be ... disturbing . * ron * I tell you what 's disturbing . snape * smile . * harry * that explain the blood ... * hermione * blood ? . * harry last night , ron and I see snape head * for the third floor . I be guess he let : * the troll in as a diversion , try to get past the three - head dog , and get . himself bit . that 's why he 's limping . * hermione but why would anyone go near that dog ? : ~€f tee. uo ene _ shoot draft White .11/09/00 . 64 . harry : : tisten . the day I be at gringott , hagrid take something out of one of the vault . Said it be hogwart business . very secret . hermione so you be say ... harry : that 's what the dog 's guard . that 's what snape want . . bes ron . ' but what 's safer than gringott ? harry one place , accord to hragrid . hogwart . hermione well , whatever it be , it must be really valuable . harry or really dangerous . just then , a owl beat into the room . hermione . bit early for mail , be not it ? harry that 's 's hedwig . all watch as she swoops down with 6 long , thin package . Harry slip hedwig a piece of he uneaten toast , strip open the . ' parcel and find , inside , a sleek mahogany broomstick . . harry ( cont 's D ) it 's a broomstick . : ron that 's not a broomstick , Harry . that 's a nimbus two thousand . > harry but who ...? Harry glance up , see - - far across the room -- Professor mcgonagall look he way . quickly , she turn away . 106 no ss _ shoot draft White 11/09/00 65 . ext . quidditch field ~ day 106 the stadium be full . ron and hermione join neville and seamus in the gryffindor section , unfurl a banner that read potter for president . as the slytherin and gryffindor team take the field , . the crowd roar . Oliver Wood run up alongside a nervous Harry , who clutches he new nimbus 2000 . . wood I know what you be think , Harry . I be play my first game of Quidditch , the entire school 's watch I and , worst of all , it 's against slytherin . . be I right ? = harry - pretty close . woood it 's all right . I feel the same way before my first game . harry what happen ? wood I do not really remember . I take a bludger to the head about two minute in and wake up in the hospital a week later . Madame hooch , clad in referee robe , address the player . madame hooch now , I want a nice clean game , from all of you . she glance tellingly at slytherin Captain marcus flint . Harry lean over to angelina johnson , gryffindor chaser . harry who 's he , . angelina ? angelina Marcus flint . slytherin Captain . they say he 's get troll blood in he . Harry swallow as flint glare at he murderously . madame hooch mount you broom , please . hand tremble , Harry wait , then ... the whistle blast . . fourteen broomstick rise into the air . as the crowd roar , madam hooch kick the crate , release two scream ween ee tf. -------- ae nee the * the Fe rr tenet ) '' iie shoot draft 's White . 11/09/00 66 . Bludgers , then toss up the quaffle . in the stand , lee jordan do commentary . : lee jordan quaffle 's up ... and straight off take by angelina Johnson of gryffindor . what a excellent chaser that girl be , and rather attractive too , I might add ... Professor mcgonagall cast a disapprove glance at : Jordan , then turn to watch the action below , cradle the uaffie , angelina Johnson weave wickedly past a slytherin chaser , duck under a sizzling bludger that Fred weasley chip away , then dish off to a speed alicia spinnet . rlicia fall into a fifteen foot rolling dive , feed the quaffle back to angelina ... but have it intercepted by a slash Marcus flint . flint fly fast for the hoop , rear back ... but have he shot blocked by Oliver Wood . Wood bump . - '' the quaffle to chaser Katie Bell , who rocket past flint the length of the field ... only to take a bludger to the back of the head . as the quaffle pop loose , Marcus flint grab it , drive with astonish speed - back the other way , then take a bludger himself , courtesy of George weasley . angelina Johnson swoops down , snatch the spin quaffle and , _ fly like lightning , race the field to score . as gryffindor cheer fill the cold air , hagrid make he way up the stand , scatter student in he wake . hagrid , budge up ' there . clear the way . 's how 's : Harry holdin’ up ? ron and hermione squeeze together , give hagrid space . ron he have not have much to - do yet . hagrid first game . he stay outta trouble , that 's 1l be doin’ enough . above thé pitch , slytherin 's adrian pucey elude : two Bludgers , two weasley and the chaser , zooming toward the i goais ... when suddenly a flash of gold zip by he leave ear .- : harry the snitch ! Far below , slytherin seeker terence higg make he move . Harry dive . faster than higg , he close the gap quickly , eye lock on the tiny golden ball . he add some speed , reach out , and -~ wham !-- Marcus flint hit he full on , ane ~ vw ) - nee eee ee we eee Lee ee ee I shoot draft White 11/09/00 . 67 . send he reeling . Harry pull up he tip , level off , and glance about . but the snitch be gone . ron / hermione / hagrid - foul ! foul ! foul ! as a bludger scream past Harry , he try to kick he broom higher . instead , it lurch , nearly toss he off . below , hagrid peer through he binoculars , frown . hagrid dunno what Harry think he 's doin’ . if I do not know better , I have say he 's lose control of he broom ... = ron maybe something happen to it when flint block he . in the stand , people gasp as the broom : roll over and leave Harry dangling from one end . neville bury he face . hagrid no . can not nothin’ interfere with a broomstick except . powerful Dark magic . no kid could do that to a nimbus 2000 . hear this , hermione grab hagrid 's binocular . hermione ( whisper to ron ) it 's snape . he 's jinxing the broom . ron take the binocular , look . snape sit muttering in the opposite stand , stare into the sky . stare at Harry . ron jinxing the broom ? what do we do ? hermione leave it to I . as hermione dash off , ron turn the binocular back to the sky . Harry hang from the broom with two hand while Fred hover nearby . George circle about ten foot below . harry what 's George do ? fred just in case you fall , George will ... ( not sure of this himself ) ++. catch you . so sc re shoot draft White 11/09/00 68. ' harry ; . : I know . I should have go out for : ' : football . * 1 oe / : GEORGE . ' * what 's football ? * hermione fight she way through the slytherin faithful , who cackle at Harry 's plight , toward snape . malfoy . take a good look , lad . with any luck . wer will be have Potter soup for supper -- just then hermione brushes past , send malfoy ass over tea kettle into Professor quirrell in the row below . reaching snape , hermione crouch down and whip out she wand . across the field ron peer through the binocular ... ron come on , hermione ... just then , blue flame spit from hermione 's wand , climb quickly up snape 's robe . snape continue to mutter , stare skyward , then realize he 's on fire , and look away . in the = commotion , that ensue , ron see hermione scoop the blue fire into a little jar , slip it . into robe , and make she escape . instantly , Harry 's broom stop jerk . he clamber back on , when -- swoosh !--a flash of gold streak by he : the snitch . higg zoom up from below and he and Harry give chase . the snitch swerve , then ... dive . as it plummet , Harry and higg plummet too , give it all they have get . on the pitch below , hermione put she hand to she mouth . in the stand , neville bury he head again . as the snitch drop , the ground rush crazily upward , the speed breathtaking . Harry seem intoxicate by it , slightly craze , eye rivete to the flutter snitch , see it and only it . higg , on the other hand , see only the ground and , at the last - minute , can bear it no longer , pulling up on he broom : and swerving to safety . as Harry and earth collide , the nimbus cartwheel away , Harry roll off and , come up on all four , clap he hand to he mouth . as if he be sick . 's professor mcgonagall well , that 's unfortunate . understandable , but unfortunate . -- ~ vwee -----.. we nee ee shoot draft . White 11/09/00 69 . o ' '' '' as Harry ' cough , hagrid take back . he binocular , which , 7 unfortunately for ron , be still . around ron 's neck . : hagrid unfortunate riothin’ . he 's get the snitch ! Harry shoot he hand in the air . the crowd roar . Marcus flint touch down , fume . . flint he do not catch it . he swallow it ! hermione i... ( pop in ) ' nothing in the Quidditch rulebook discriminate against catch the snitch in you mouth . or any other place for that matter . in fact , in a game play in Greece . in the late seventeenth century -- madame hooch . thank you , miss Granger . we can dispense with the more unattractive historical : detail of the game . nevertheless , you point be well take . Match to gryffindor ! ee es oo as Harry 's teammate lift he to they shoulder , hermione _/ spy snape in the far stand , limping quickly away , he robe still smoking . 107 ext . hogwart ground - later - day . : 107 Harry , ron , and hermione walk with hagrid towards he home , a wooden hut on the edge of the Dark Forest . hagrid / rubbish ! why would snape put a curse on Harry 's broom ? harry . who know ? why be he try to get past I that three - head dog on Halloween ? hagrid . ! how do 's you know about fluffy ? ron : . | fluffy ? : : | hermione that thing have a name ? 108 109 revision ' pink 22/09/00 70 . hagrid ' course he 's get a name : he 's mine . buy he . off. a irish bloke I meet in the pub las 's year . lent he to dumbledore to guardthe ... ee harry . yes ? hagrid ' do no. - be askin’ I anymore . that 's top secret , that be : harry ; but hagrid , . whatever fluffy 's guard , snape 's try to steal it . hagrid codswallop ! snape 's a hogwart 's teacher . hermione hogwart teacher or not , I know a jinx when I see one , ' hagrid . I have read all about they . you have get to keep eye contact , and snape be not blink . hagrid now listen to I , all three of yeh -- yer meddlin’ in thing that should not be meddle . it 's dangerous . what that dog 's guardin’ be strictly betw 'o Professor dumbledore and nicolas flamel - - hagrid stop , furious with himself , then turn for he hut , where : fang , a enormous black boarhound , greet he . harry nicolas flamel . why do that name sound familiar ?. ext . hogwart castle ~ day 108 December .. snow fall , dusting the castle turret and blankete the grounds . hagrid drag a giant christmas fir toward the Castle , fang trot by he side . int . great hall ~ day 109 nearly headless Nick swoops about a towering christmas tree , run garland over the limb , while peeve pluck ornament fromthe branch , hurl they to the. floor . ' ' : shoot draft White 11/09/00 . 71 . : professor mcgonagall listen up ! as the lake be . freeze , all student go home for holiday will take a. fly sleigh to the departure platform . earmuff be strongly recommend . . Harry and ron pay no attention to the studerit bustling about they , sit alone by the window play wizard chess . unlike Muggle chess , this figure be alive . presently , Harry 's bishop look cross . bishop , : - do not send I there ! can not you see he '' knight ? send he . we can afford to lose the bishop point to a pawn . Harry sheepishly comply . ron Queen to pawn six . ron yawns as he queen step forward and -- with extreme prejudice ~ - dispose of the pawn . hermione , huge trunk in tow , arrive just in time to witness the carnage . hermione oh my god ! that 's barbaric ! ron that 's chess . I see you be pack . hermione tr see you be not , ron Change of plan . my parent decide to go to Romania to visit my brother Charlie . he 's study dragon there . hermione you can help Harry then . he promise to keep look in the library for nicolas flamel over holiday . ron we have look . a hundred time . hermione ( as she exit ) not in the restricted section . wee ee Le ee De revision Blue 22/09/00 . 72 . | , I think we have have a bad influence on -her . ' 110 ° int . boy tower dormitory - morning . : 110 | camera pan a stack of package at the foot of Harry 's bed . — ron - . | happy Christmas , Harry ! : | : Harry bib he .ey , ; see ron wear a maroon . sweater over he pajamas . ron toss he a present . . a harry I have get present . ron what have you expect ? in you hand 's from hagrid . : and by the look of that lumpy one , mum 's sént you a weasley sweater . Harry open hagrid 's , find a wooden flute . as he blow it , hedwig cock she head . it sound like a owl . Harry take up the next parcel . it 's very light . he read the note attach . harry ' you father leave this in my possession before he die . it be . time it be : return to you . 's * Harry tear the paper away ; find something shiny and translucent slither to the floor . | harry .. ( cont ! D ) , : ' } it 's some ' kind of ...cloak . we : ron - well , let 's see then . put it on . . * as Harry take the cloth , .we hang.on ron , watch , then : ron ( cont 'd ) ahhh ! Harry 's head be float in midair . ron look 'on in awe . . ron ( cont 'd ) Harry , do you know what this be ? it 's a invisibility cloak . they be really rare . who give you this ? revision Blue 22/09/00 72a . harry there 's no name ... it just say , ' use it well . 's eat C ) 11 : 112 '' 113 114 o 115 no , — _ — - tot sc ssc revision 2nd pink 07/0z/ui 73 omitted mt cele int . library - niget oe saye pitch black . a match strike , float . by itself , in midair . it drift forward , light a lamp . - . int . library - row of book = moment later - night '' aun the lamp float eerily among the book , then rise , illuminate a sign : restricted . int . restricted room - library - night : 414 the lamp float into the room , the invisibility cloak drop . and , bit by bit , harry appear . harry flamel . nicolas flamel ... Harry run he finger along the spine , stop . take a large book from the shelf . run he hand over the course leather , then ... open it . at once it begin to shriek ! Barry slam it shut , but it go on wailing . stumble back , Harry tip the lamp and all goe dark . footstep ring out . frantically , Harry sift the darkness for the cloak , panic , when. he hand ... disappear . pitch the cloak over himself , he dash to the door , just as it clang open-- revealing filch . as filch 's pale , wide eye stare straight ahead , Harry glide right past he ... int . library corridor - night a 115 -+.then dash into the corridor , the book 's shriek echoing behind he , come face to face with ... snape and quirrel , in the midst of a heat conversation . snape have you find out how . to get past that beast of hagrid 's , yet ? quirrell b-b- but severus , I ~ snape | you do not want I . as you enemy , '' quitrel . : quirrell I do not know what you — snape you know perfectly well what I mean . you little bit of hocus’ pocus ... cree ee ee wl ee tee ses revision 2nd pink 07/02/ui 73a C ) Harry walk slowly , carefully around they , try not to be * > oo hear . snape stop , as if he 's feel a small breeze , then ... * ' turn ... see soft feather of vapour . snape reach out to * 1 touch they ... Inside the cloak , Harry put he hand to he * i mouth , to stop he breath ... snape find nothing in front of * ' he . he turn back to quirrel . * snape ( cont 'd ) * we will have another little chat soon , when * ' you have have time to think thing over and * ' : decide where you loyalty lie . . * i the door behind they slowly open and close ... quietly ... * carefully ... * filch appear , from around the corridor , walk up to snape * and quirrel . * filch * Professors ... I find this . in the * restricted section . it 's still hot . * snape * then they can not be far . : * snape , quirrel and filch exit . ¥- a ee same eee 3 ~- meee kw ee ane eee 116 117 118 '' revision Blue 22/09/00 74 . int . empty classroom -. night 116 Harry drop the cloak , exhales , and absently rub he scar ; * wince : mildly . as he eye adjust , he see a magnificent '' mirror , . as high as the ceiling , across the room . on the frame be a inscription : erise stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi . he step in front . y ah ! Harry turn -- as if expect to see someone -- but find only the dark shape of desk and chair .. slowly , he turn back . in the mirror , Harry see he own startle reflection and ... beyond ... a man and a woman . harry ( cont 'd ) : ' mum ? dad ? int . boy tower dormitory - moment later - night 117 close up : a sleeping ron harry ron ! ron ! wake up ! ron squint in confusion , then Harry lower the cloak . harry ( cont 'd ) - there 's something you have get to see ! int . empty classroom - a few minute later - night 118 Harry drag ron to the mirror . : harry : . come look ! it 's my family . ron ( yawn ) that 's you , Harry . harry look in properly , go on , stand here . Harry step aside . ron take he place and ... freeze . harry ( cont 'd ) there . you see they , do not you ? that 's -- ron : me. only I be ... head Boy ! and I be hold . the Quidditch Cup and ... bloody hell ... I be ( more ) . — — _ — — — '' — -— a — mee ee eee ee oe ee shoot draft White 11/09/00 75 . dyke ron ( cont 'd ) '' Quidditch Captain too ! Harry , .do you think this mirror show the future ? harry . ( troubled ) : how can it ? all my . family be dead . . 119 . int . great hall - the next morning - day . 119 the Hall look desert as the student who remain eat breakfast . the weasley chatter amongst themselves , laugh , then ron look away , see Harry stare into the distance . | ! ron - } want to play chess ? , harry ' no.. i : ron ' want to go visit hagrid ? } harry no. : : , ron ce ; ; Harry , I know what you be think . but = do not . there 's something not right about that mirror . . | a : 120 int . empty classroom - night , 120 Harry sit before the mirror , transfix . dumbledore ( 0.s. ) back again , Harry ? ' Harry turn . dumbledore slip off a desk , sit beside he . dumbledore ( cont ’d ) I see that you -- like so many before you -- have discover the delight of the Mirror of erise . I expect by now you realize what it do , harry it show I my family . dumbledore and it show you friend ron himself as head Boy . Harry look surprised . dumbledore smile . revision Blue 22/09/00 : 76. '' : '' '' dumbledore ( cont ’d ) . I do not need a cloak to become invisible . ( be : the.mirror ) I will give you a clue , Harry . the happiest man on earth . would look into the Mirror of erise and - see only himself , exactly as he be . : harry so , . then , it show we what we want ... whatever we want ... eee dumbledore ' yes and no . it show we nothing more or less than the deep , most desperate desire of we heart . you , who have never know you family , see they gather around you . Ronald weasley , who -has always be overshadow by he family , see himself stand alone . remember this , though , Harry . this mirror give we neither knowledge or truth . Men have waste away before it . even go mad . ( rise ) that 's why it will be move to a new home tomorrow . I ask that you do not go look for it again , Harry . it do not do to dwell on dream and forget to live . harry can I ask you something , Professor ? what do you see when you look in the Mirror ? dumbledore I ? I see myself hold a pair of thick , woolen sock . one can never have enough sock , Harry . you will do well to remember that as well . 121 - omitted ; 121 . * 121a omitted : 121a s* 121b ext . school courtyard - day 121bc '' + bundle against the chill , Harry -- burden by heavy thought - - : * enter the empty courtyard , hedwig on he arm . as he release * she , she sail high over the castle wall ... wend she way * through the turret and then out over the wintry grounds , she * reflection glimmer on the surface of the icy lake below . * as she turn , beat she way back , the dark sky lighten , * S turn a slow , glorious blue and the once - dark tree shimmer * 121¢ revision Blue 22/09/00 76a. in the crisp spring light . hogwart itself shimmer as well , no ' longer . dust with snow . hedwig glide over the castle . wall , swoops , and come to a flutter rest-outside one of the high window of the great Hall . int . great hall - day . 121c hermione -- book in hand -- quizze ron , -- who ' seem more interested in the pack of chocolate frog in he . hand . hermione rq ask you again . what be the three most crucial ingredient ina : forgetfulness potion ? ron and I 'il tell you again . I forget . hermione , and what , . may I ask , do you plan to do should you get that question on final exam ? ron crib off you . hermione you : will not . besides , accord to Professor mcgonagall , we be to be give special quill bewitch with a anti - cheating spell . ron that 's insulting . it 's as if they do not trust we . ( frown ) dumbledore again . as ron toss . the wizard card onto the table , harry watch ‘it spin ...just.as ... a smatter of laughter erupt across the hall . neville be hopping like a bunny , leg stuck together , while seamus trail after . ron / hermione leg-locker curse . ( and then to each other ) malfoy . neville , breathe hard , reach the gryffindor table , then , before anyone can catch he , topple to the floor . ron you have get to start stand up to he , neville . woe ee bdl eee ed oe ee ee Rt ** + + the +e the Fe fe or +e * revision Blue '' 22/09/00 . 76b . : - ' neville : how ? I can not stand up at all . a | .- seamus of * | I offer to do the ' countercurse , but he . * would not let I . * ' neville * * of course not . that 's all I - neéd , you to set my bloody . kneecap on. fire . * a '' seamus = * | do not appreciate the insinuation , * ' longbottom . besides , if anyone care to * notice , my eyebrow have completely grow * back . * as seamus 's turn away , the other see a curious bald spot - on * the back of he head . ron take out he wand . * «ron * all right then , neville , who shall it be ? * I , hermione , or ... * : harry * I have find he . * ron stop , see Harry hold up dumbledore 's wizard card . — * ron take it . * ' ron * he 's bowl .. so what ? he 's always * bowl . * Harry roll he eye , . turn the card over for ron to read . * ron ( cont 'd ) * > ' dumbledore be particularly famous for '' * he defeat . of the dark wizard * grindelwald , for the discovery of the * twelve uses.of dragon 's blood ... and he * : work on alchemy ... with he partner , * : nicolas flamel . 's * harry - * I know the name sound familiar . I read * it on the train that day . '' * hermione step right 's over neville . * hermione * Z follow I . neville 's revision Blue 22/09/00 76c. neville hey ! wait ! what about that : counter-curse ! eye shift . seamus smile , raise a eyebrow . revision ' Blue 's 22/09/00 77-78. 122 omitted . 1220 + 123 int . library - moment later - day 123 close up : a book on alchemy as it hit the table with . a loud thud . hermione flip through the page as Harry and ron look over she shoulder . hermione how could I be so stupid ! I check this out week ago for a bit of light read . ) . * ron this be light ? hermione of course ! here it be ! ( whisper dramatically ) : lo nicolas flamel be the only know maker of i _ the sorcerer 's Stone ! Harry and ron glance at each other , then hermione . harry / ron the what ? ee sheot draft White 11/09/00 79 . hermione oh , honestly , do not you two read ? ( read ) ' the sorcerer 's Stone be a legendary substance with astonish power . it . will transform any metal into pure gold and produce the elixir of life , which will make the drinker immortal . 's tee oe * ron * Immortal . hermione * zit mean you 's ] 1 never die . ron . * I know what it mean ~ - hermione * ' the only stone currently in existence belong to Mr. nicolas flamel , the note alchemist , who last year celebrate he six hundred and sixty - fifth birthday . 's ( look up ) that 's what fluffy 's guard on the third floor . that 's what 's under the trapdoor . the sorcerer 's Stone ! harry so flamel know someone 's after the Stone ... give it to dumbledore to keep safe at hogwart ... not realize that the one who 's after it ... +e eee * hermione teaches at hogwart . * ron : * so snape want pile of gold and to live forever . who would not ? * * hermione close the book , troubled by something . : * * harry what be it , hermione ? * hermione . I do not want to scare you , Harry . it 's just ... if all snape want be the sorcerer 's Stone ... why do he try to kill you that day on the Quidditch pitch ? ee ee * Harry ponder this , but . do not have a answer . ee ee 124 omitted 124a omitted 124b omitted revision . Blue 22/09/00 80 . 124 124a . * 1248 * revision Blue . 22/09/00 81. S 124c omitted 124 '' = 125-127 . omit scs . 125 -:127 125-127 . * of 128 ext . hagrid 's hut - later - night . 128 Harry , trail by ron and hermione , knock on hagrid 's door . the door : rattles , open a crack , and hagrid peer out . hagrid oh. hullo . er ... not ter be rude , but I be not . really fit ter entertain right about -- oo harry we know about the sorcerer 's Stone . u ae - they ome revision Blue 22/09/00 82. 129 int . hagrid 's hut \- night 129 everything here be oversize . hagrid add wood to a already roaring fire , putter about a large , simmer kettle . * hagrid snape ! blimey , yer not still on about 's . he , be yeh ? ' harry . - hagrid , ..we know he 's after the Stone . we gjust .. do not know ... why . " hagrid Harry , snape be one o’ the teacher in on protectin’ the Stone . he 's not about 's ter steal it . harry what ? hagrid yeh hear I : snape be one o’ the teacher in on protectin’ the Stone . now , as I say , I be a bit preoccupy at the moment - — harry . wait -a minute . one of the teacher ? hermione of course ! there be other thing defend the Stone , be not there ? spell , enchantment ... hagrid tha 's right . bloody waste o’ time if yeh '' ask I . t’ai not no one goin 's ter get past fluffy . not a soul know how ' cept I an’ dumbledore - - crack ! a clicking SOUND be hear come from the kettle , then a curious scraping . : Harry look . see a huge black egg . harry .- hagrid ... exactly what be that ? hagrid ah. well . that ’s...er ... ron I know what that be ! but -hagrid . how do you ever get one ? qa * + re , revision Blue 22/09/00 82a . . - hagrid a won it . off a stranger in the village . _ think he be glad ter be rid of it , ter be . honest . blimey ... the scraping be furious now . quickly , hagrid take the egg from the kettle , set it on - a table . fissure spread like vein over its surface , then it ... explode ... shell flying like . shrapnel . Harry , ron and hermione cover themselves . 130 '' revision yellow 13/10/00 83. " hermione be that ... a dragon ? ron ' that 's 's not just < a dragon ! that 's a norwegian ridgeback ! my brother Charlie work with this in Romania . ° oo hagrid - _o be n*t he beautiful ! bless ' im , look , : he ' know ' be '' mummy ! ( tickle the dragon 's 's tummy ) hullo , norbert . harry norbert ? hagrid well , he 's get ter have a name . the dragon blink at hagrid , screw up its face and ... sneeze , spew forth a shower of SPARKS , which send fang whimper and kindle a brief blaze in hagrid 's beard . hagrid .. ( cont 'd ) need ter be train up a bit , 0 's course . ( stop cold ) hey , you there ! all turn . peer through 's the window be a face . harry malfoy ! they .leap.to the door-~see a fleet figure racing across the grounds , disappear in the night . ext . hogwart ground ~ moment 's later - night 130 Harry , ron ' and hermione walk toward the glitter castle . '' harry hagrid always want . a dragon . told I so the first time I ever meet he . ron but it 's crazy . and worse , malfoy , know . harry I do not understand . be that bad ? professor mcgonagall ( 0.s. ) Mr. potter. Mr. weasley . miss Granger . oo eee mn revision . yellow 13/10/00 ° 83a. '' , up ahead stand Professor mcgonagall , a jag silhouette in * castle -light . beside she , draco malfoy grin arrogantly . v ron . * it 's bad . * 130a int . professor mcgonagall 's classroom - moment ' later 130a * * Harry , ron and hermione stand before a displease mcgonagall , while malfoy look on , practically quivering with pleasure . * professor mcgonagall as every schoolchild know , dragon - breeding be against we law , have be ever since the warlock 's Convention of 1709 . and for good reason . it 's hard to keep the muggles from notice we if we have get a thirty - foot ukranian ironbelly run around the back garden . tee ee * . ron norwegian ridgeback . * * Professor mcgonagall 's eye shift , narrow on ron . , ron ( cont ! D ) i. just mean ... in this case ... sorry . professor mcgonagall personally , I do not care if hagrid have a chinese fireball sit in he kitchen , Mr. weasley . he answer to dumbledore . you , on the other hand , answer to I . nothing -- I repeat , nothing -- give a student the right to walk about the school at night . therefore , as punishment for you action , fifty point will be take . *. +e the eee ref * as the other gasp , malfoy 's eye glimmer with cruel ecstasy . * harry * fifty ? professor mcgonagall each . and to insure it do not happen again , all four of you will receive detention . the ee * malfoy Excuse I , Professor . perhaps I hear you wrong . I think you say the four of we . * * 9p ee -a --- ee a be - revision yellow 13/10/00 83b . professor mcgonagall '' '' indeed . you see , Mr. malfoy , however noble you intention , you too . be out of bed after hour . you will join you classmate in detention . : ee oe 131-138 omitted revision Green 16/10/00 84-85 , 138a int . great . hall - morning o as Harry , ron and hermione eat breakfast , the hourglasses tell the tale : gryffindor have slip to last place . just then , Fred and George pass by . : fred do not worry , 's you three , this 'il all blow over . . GEORGE it may take a year or two , but eventually people will start talk to you again . . hermione ( sniff defensively ) well , I for one , see nothing wrong with a reduce social life . it ’1ll give we more time to revise for final . : ron why bother ? even with malfoy lose point , slytherin 's a lock for the House Cup . and look . malfoy know it . all three peer at malfoy . he raise a goblet in they direction , cackle with crabbe and goyle . hermione he will not be smile tonight . ( off Harry and ron 's look ) have not you hear ? for detention they 's be take we . into the Dark Forest . 131-138 138a 139 140 revision yellow 13/10/00 . 86 . ext . hogwart ground - night " 139 beneath a pale moon , : filch , carry a lantern , lead Harry , ron , hermione and malfoy across the dark grounds . - filch a pity they let the old punishment die . . be a time , detention would find you all hang by you thumb in the dungeon ... ext . hagrid 's hut - moment later . 140 as filch and the other reach the yard , they find hagrid string a crossbow , fang at he side . filch a sorry lot this , hagrid . I pity you . filch squint , see tear , run down hagrid 's face . filch ( cont ’d ) good god , man , you be not still on about that . bloody dragon , be you ? hagrid ( to Harry , ron , hermione ) norbert 's go . dumbledore 's send '' im off ter Romania ter . live in a colony . hermione well , that 's good , be not it ? he 'il be with he own kind . better all around , do not you think ? especially for fang . hear he name , a singe fang beat he bandaged tail . hagrid - but what if norbert do not like Romania . what if the other dragon be mean to he ? he 's only a baby , after all . ron a baby that breath fire . Harry elbow ron , silencing - he . filch for god 's sake , pull yourself together , man . you be go into the Forest , after all . get to have you wit about you . ae ee ee om _*e eee re oe * +e ee revision yellow 13/10/00 86a . i malfoy * | ' ' the Forest ? but I think that be just a * ' a joke . we can not go in the Forest . student * ' be not allow . and there 's ... werewolve . * . filch * ( turn away ) . * oh , there 's more 'o werewolve in that * tree , lad . you can be sure o’ that . .. * * revision 's Green 16/10/00 87 . qq . ext . dark forest +. later : : - 14 -/ '' Harry and the other trail hagrid down a skinny path ' through the -dark tree . hagrid turn to Harry , speak low . hagrid | sorry about 's this , Harry . know it 's I 's ) | + that deserve punishin ' , not you . by ° . | : all rights I should be sittin’ ina : cell in azkaban tonight . | . . harry . i it 's all . right , hagrid . besides , it 's not you fault we be out . after hour . if we have not come knock on you door in the middle of the night -- eee abruptly hagrid kneel , take something onto he finger . harry ( cont 'd ) ( a bit warily ) what 's that ? hagrid the reason we be here . ( rise ) all righ 's now , lis 's en up . see this here ? hagrid hold up he finger . they be mark with silver . hagrid ( cont 'd ) it 's unicorn blood . I find one dead a few week back and two before that first term . this one here 's be hurt . bad by. summat . it 's we job to find the poor thing . only - one way ter get that do and that 's ter split inter two party . ron , hermione - - yeh 'il come with I . Harry , yeh 'il go with malfoy . . malfoy '' I want fang then . hagrid ° Fine . but jus 's so yeh know . he 's 'a bloody coward . revision 2nd Green 19/04/0 ) 88 q ° a ' cee = hagrid ( cont 'd ) 142-144 omitted 142-144 145 ° ext . path - dark forest : 145 fang trot down the path ahead of Harry , while a@ nervous malfoy trail behind . : malfoy wait until my . father hear about this . this be servant stuff . we should be _ write line or ... something . harry if I do not know better , draco , I have say you be scared . malfoy you be too stupid to .be scared , Potter , grow up with muggles . if you be from a real wizard family , you would not be laugh . harry I be not , believe I ... cc *) as malfoy join Harry , he stop dead . the tree ahead be nt stripe violently with dripping silver , and beyond -- lie in a small clear -- be the break body of a unicorn . oy ) revision 2nd Green ) 19/04/01 89 fang back off , pamething primal in he eye . Barry watch - he , read he fear , then ... the slithering SOUND return . second later , a booded figure slither over the leave , . drop its head over the leer wound on the unicorn 's side ... and begin to drink its . blood . ~ malfoy ' araaaaaaaaaaarri malfoy bolt , slip and slide as fang whimper after . Harry wince , clutches he scar , then see that the hood figure be stare directly at . he , silver gribbling ncl ' down its front . woozy from paine Barry stagger back , then fall , the slithering SOUND drawing closer , when ... ..- hoove pummel the path behind he and some ' thing leap clear over he , flicker past the moon above . it charge -. the hood figure , drive it back into the tree ... and away . a shadow fall across Harry 's face . it be a centaur with .ey like pale saphire . he be firenze . firenze Harry Potter . you be know to many creature here . you mist leave . the forest be not safe at this time . especially for you . harry : what be that thing you save I from ? firenze ° . only one who have nothing to lose would commit such a crime . it be a monstrous thing to . slay a unicorn . the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive , even if you be a inch from death , but at a terrible price . you have sl . something so pure that -- from the moment the blood touch you . lip - you will have a half life . a curse life . harry . but who would choose such a.life ? firenze can you think of no one ? harry do you mean to say that thing that kill the unicorn , that be drink - its blood , that be voldemort ! ee he . * *¢ eee ee een +e the revision 2nd Green '' 19/04/01 89 a " firenze : do you know what . be hide in the school at this very moment , Mr. Potter ? harry the sorcerer 's Stone . and for the UK audience ... harry ( cont 'd ) the philosopher 's Stone . a commotion be hear as hagrid and the other come slashing through the tree . as Harry react , the other break into - the clear . . hermione Harry ! hagrid . oh , it 's you , be it , firenze . I see you have meet we Mr. Potter . all right there , Harry ? ~ + Harry nod ... but he look anything but all right . C ) 146 omitted 146 _ not 103 . o o Harry pace before the fire while ron and hermione watch . -~ revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 90-91 147 int . gryffindor common room - later ron . you mean ... you - know - who 's out there , right now , in the forest ! harry . but he 's weak . he 's live off the '' unicorn . do not you see ? we have it wrong . snape do not want the Stone for himself . he want the Stone for voldemort . with the elixer of life voldemort will be strong again . he will ... come back . ron but if ‘he come back , you do not think he would try to ... kill you ? do you ? barry ~ I think if he have have the chance , he might have try to kill I tonight . - ron look vaguely sick . 148 omitted ron and to think I have be worry about my potion final . ' hermione no . we be forget one thing . who 's the one wizard voldemort always fear ? ( as. they turn ) dumbledore . as long as : dumbledore 's around , you be safe , Harry . as long as dumbledore 's 's around ... you can not be touch . 149 ext . hogwart castle ~ day student flock onto the sunny grounds , finishéd with : exam . 7147 148 149 revision yellow 13/10/00 92 . o hermione '' I would always hear hogwart 's end of year exam be frightful . but I find that rather enjoyable . be not you stunne not to be ask about elfric the eager ? ron . I be stunne my head do not explode . alright there , Harry ? harry my scar . keeps ... burn . - hermione : it 's happen before ... harry not like this ... Harry glance across the grounds at hagrid , sit in he front garden play a flute . at he foot , fang 's eye droop . harry ( cont 'd ) no .... hermione Harry ? Harry start across the grounds . hermione and ron glance at one another , rush after . rarry do not you think it 's a bit odd , that what hagrid want more than anything be a dragon ? and a stranger turn up who just happen to have one ? I mean , how many people wander around with dragon egg in they pocket ? why do not I see it before ? 150 int . hagrid 's hut - moment later 150 hagrid shrug , go on polish the flute in he hand . hagrid ne ’er see he face . kept he hood up . harry do not that strike you as unusual ? . hagrid yeh meet a lot o’ unusual type in the village . ai not ' xactly usual meself . 151 shoot draft White 11/09/00 . 93 : harry this stranger , though . you and he must have talk ... hagrid he ask what I do , the sorta creature I look after . tol 's he after fluffy a dragon would - be easy . harry and do he 's seem interested in fluffy ? hagrid z well , yeah . how many three - head dog do '' yeh meet , even if yeli’re in the trade ? so I tell ' im , this stranger , the trick with any beast be ter know what calm ‘em , take fluffy , fer example . jus 's play ' im a bit o’ music an’ he will go straight off ter sleep -- hagrid stop , horrify by he slip . . hagrid ( cont 'd ) I should n’ta tol 's yeh that ! forget I say it ! hey ! where yeh goin 's ! hey ! int . mcgonagall 's classroom - day 151 Harry , ron and hermione clang through the door , Professor mcgonagall look up . harry . we have to see Professor dumbledore . immediately . professor mcgonagall I see , well , I be afraid Professor dumbledore be not here . only moment ago , he receive a urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and fly off to London . harry he 's go ? now ? but this be important ! this be about ... the sorcerer 's Stone . Professor mcgonagall nearly drop the book in she hand . professor mcgonagall how do you know - ~ ° harry someone 's go to try and steal it . +e he + R + ey colt lll revision Tan vo.vi.ve 94 cy professor mcgonagall nonsense . I do not know how you three find out about the Stone , but I assure you it be well protect . now , run along . 151a ext . corridor - moment later 151a Harry lead the other down the corridor . harry that be no stranger hagrid meet in the village . it be snape . which mean he know how to get past fluffy . . hermione and with dumbledore go ... snape ( 0.s. ) good afternoon . they freeze . up ahead , snape stand , study they . snape ( cont 'd ) now what would three fine gryffindor such as yourselves be do inside on such a lovely day ? hermione we be just ... snape you want to be careful . people will think you be ... up to something . snape eye Harry , then turn away . hermione what do we do now ? harry . . go through the trapdoor . tonight . 152 int . gryffindor common room - night 152 empty . Dark . two door ease open . hermione slip out the one , Harry and ron the other . they creep toward the pink *. Lady when --croak !-- they freeze . look. breath a sigh of relief . harry / ron / hermione trevor . trevor the toad blink up at they . croak ! lo ] revision Blue 22/09/00 .95.° , ron : trevor ! shh ! go ! you should not .be - here . neville neither should you . they all jump . neville rise from a armchair . : neville ( cont 'd ) you 's be 's sneaking out again , be not you ? ~ harry now , neville , listen ... neville no ! I will not let you . you will get gryffindor in trouble again . i/11 ... 1/11 fight you ! you be the one who tell I I have to stand up to people ! ron to people . not we . neville raise he fist . unfortunately , he teddy bear pyjamas somewhat undermine the intend effect . C ) hermione neville . I be really , really sorry about this . ( raise she wand ) petrificus totalus ! instantly , neville 's arm and leg snap to he side . he sways ... then fall flat ... only he eye move , stare at they in horror . Harry and ron look a little horrify too . ron you be a little scary sometimes , you know that ? brilliant . but scary . 153 ° omitted : . 153 154 int . third floor corridor - moment later - night 154 camera drift ... down the corridor . suddenly , up ahead , peeve * * round the corner , mumbling to himself as he juggle a trio of apple . suddenly , he stop , eye narrowing suspiciously . * peeve . who 's there ? know you be there , even if I can not see you . be you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie ? +e ee _. ( ed - meew eee revision Blue 22/09/00 : 95a . nothing . peeve smile slyly , reach back , and hurl one of the apple : it streak through the air ... then ... disappear in mid-flight . peeve smile fade . peeve ( cont ’d ) never mind . he backpedal frantically , turn , and swoops off the way he come . second later , Harry : drop the cloak , toss the apple in he hand to ron. hermione bhat be close . Harry step to the chamber before they . Inside , the thrum of music can be hear . slowly , Harry start to ease open the door ... when ... crunch ! hermione and Harry jump , turn . ron stand chew the apple . ron sorry . I get hungry when I be nervous . Harry push the door clear .. l.find ... a giant quivering nose and yellow fang drip with saliva . they gasp , then ... ron ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . he 's ... +e * the eh * 155 revision 2nd White ’01/02/01 96 -. harry snore . Harry push the door further and the light from the corridor fall on a tiny harp . play by itself . : . int . forbidden corridor = night : — 155 ' as they enter , Harry take a flute from he pocket . harry : suppose we will not be need this now . look , it 's obvious snape 's already get past fluffy . if you two want to go back -- ron do not be stupid . hermione we be come . harry right ' then . all together now . strain mightily , they put they shoulder to the massive paw that lay across the trapdoor . once do , Harry fling it open . below lie only darkness ... a faint whistling wind . harry .( cont 'd ) . I will go first . do not follow until I give you a sign . if something ... bad happen ... get yourselves out -- : ( stop ) | do it seem a bit ... quiet ... to you ? hermione / the harp ... what happen to the -- splat ! something wet and sticky hit ron 's shoulder . ron yuck ! what 's this ruddy stuff -- slowly , they look up . a monstrous , drooling shadow darken they face . fluffy . awake . hungry . each head ponder nit own ' particular snack , then , with -a mighty growl , swoops . instantly , the trio pitch themselves into the darkness ... to oe revision : . 2nd White 01/02/01 97 '' ) 156 int . shaft / devil 's snare - second later mar '' 156 Harry plummet down a glitter shaft , tumble head over heel , down , down , down , until ... flump ! he land in something soft and yarnlike , follow quickly by ron and hermione . Harry adjust he glass , look up . a tiny square of light -- the trapdoor - - glimmer far ahove . ron that be ... cool . harry we must be mile under the ' school . ron lucky this plant thing 's here , really . harry wot a vine snake out ron 's back collar . ron wo ! CO twin creeper encircle Harry 's chest . hermione stop move ! both of you ! this be Devil 's snare ! you have to relax . harry uh , hermione , it 's a bit difficult to relax . oe ( as a vine encircle he neck ) «+. give the circumstance . hermione I know , Harry . but you must . if you do not , it will only kill you faster . ron kill we faster ? oh now I can relax . as they watch , hermione take a long , slow breath and ... be sucked beneath the surface ... vanishing . harry / ron hermione ! panick , Harry and ron begin to struggle anew , but the vine only wrap more tightly around they . to nn — ET a ' revision ..2nd White 01/02/01 $ 7a ~ what be we go to do now ! ; dee oa : hermione ( 0.s.) 00 0 ) : ape , se dust relax . 5 sro os * . ( glance about ) - : : * ce hermione ? but how ... where ? z oe 5 to hermione ( 0.s. ) : oe coe ! do what I sayd I : we Harry look at ron . he 's almost completely entwine . * harry : * I suggest we do what she say . ~ : * Harry take a deep breath and close he eye . slowly , like * witch 's finger ... the vine draw he beneath the surface . * ' 156a . int . staircase ( beneath devil 's snare ) 156a * Harry drop through the ceiling , twist through the webby * undergrowth of Devil 's snare and ’onto the ground next to * hermione . from above , ron can be heard scream for help . * o hermione . * ' he 's not relax , be he ? * * ron 's voice bellows again . . * harry . : * apparently not . : : * hermione furrow she brow , think aloud in a sing -song . * hermione * Devil 's snare , Devil 's snare . dance 's in * , the dark , delight in the damp ... - * 156b int . shaft / devil 's snare 156b * ron , wrap tight as a mummy by this point , .cock he ear in = +* disbelief . * ron ~ + be she do a poem ? it 's not possible - . * she 's do a poem , be it ? 156c int . staircase ( beneath devil 's snare ) is6c * hermione ignore he , continue in deep concentration . ba 2 ii revision Zna wnite visvciui so C '' hermione * ad '' it 's deadly fun , but will ... sulk in ' the. + sun ! that 's it ! Light ! Devil 's snare * hate the light ! * she whip out she wand , point it at the vine hang from * the ceiling , and send forth a bright burst of gold . + 156D int . shaft / devil 's snare . i5s6D * as the light burn through , the plant wither . a open * form , the vine SNAP free of ron , and ..- he drop through . * 156e int . staircase ( beneath devil 's snare ) 156e * ron land heavily , look up . : * ron * lucky we do not panic . * harry * lucky hermione pay attention in * herbology . : * just then ... they detect a SOUND : a rustling , a clinking . the * three exchange a glance , begin to descend the staircase . * C ) hermione : * — * what be that ? harry _ I do not know ... sound like wing . * 157 omitted 157 * 158 int . chamber of keys : 158 Harry , . hermione and ron enter a brilliantly light chamber where hundred of jewel bright bird flutter below a high arching ceiling . on the opposite side be a heavy wooden door and , float in the center of the chamber , a single broomstick . ron and hermione begin to cross to the door , gaze in wonder at the strangely beautiful creature overhead . hermione . curious . I have never see bird like * this ... harry they be not bird ... revision 2nd White vl /z/us-yy ron and hermione turn , see Harry stand ‘by the float broom in the center of the room , look up . o '' barry -( cont 'd ) - they be key . and I x11 bet one of they fit that door . hermione test the doorknob , nod . hermione lock . '' ron alohomora ! hermione turn , see ron wave he wand at the knob . no good . it 's still lock . he shrug . ron ( cont 'd ) well , it be worth a try . hermione ( peer up ) so what do we do ? there must be a thousand key up there ... m ron J ( examine the lock ) : we be look for a big , old - fashioned one -- probably silver , like the handle . there ! that one , see ! with the bright blue wing ! ' ron point . flutter within a pocket of brass key be a larger , silver one . hermione what 's wrong with its wing ? ron the feather 's pinch . probably from snape catch it before we . - hermione nod , see Harry still stare at the broom . hermione Harry ? harry it 's ... too simple . _ia ; re revision 2nd White 01/02/01 lov @ rno oh , go on , Harry . if snape could catch it on that old cleansweep , you can . it 's not for nothing you be the youngest seeker in a century . '' Harry nod uncertainly -- still troubled - ~ but slowly reach oo out nonetheless . as he finger touch the broomstick ... * --. the keys explode in a frenzy , hiss like wasp , swarm in great , glitter cloud . ron 's smile droops . ron ( cont 'd ) well , this complicate thing a bit . as Harry kick into the air , a seethe cluster of key fall * like hard rain , chatter at he arm and leg , '' slicing at * he skin , shredd he sweater ... . * ron ( cont 's D ) : he 'il be tear to piece . * horrify , ron and hermione watch Harry soar higher , fend * off the key with he free hand , until ... * harry Pov * '' through a mad clatter , cluster of keys , he spy the * larger , silver one , flutter only foot beyond he grasp . * * Harry hover , grimace as the hiss key drop : like dart onto he extend hand ... then . snatch the silver key . * instantly , Harry whip downward in a wide , dizzying circle , try to outrun the now furious key . they shadow he every move , draw closer and closer , humming viciously as they begin to chip at the tail twig of the broom . desperate , Harry throw the broom into a reckless dive and , steering with one hand ... ee ae ---fling the key to ron . as ron dash to the door , Harry soar back up , take the raging key with he , then circle back and watch ron jam the key into the lock . as hermione and ron scurry through , Harry rocket straight after , the key gain once again , chipping at the tail of broom like a buzzsaw through balsa wood . as the broom begin to waffle , Harry give one last burst of speed and ... soar through the open door . together , hermione and ron fling the door shut ... just before the key rain down like bullet . + + + ee ee ee wenn : ( 5 ; ll revision 2nd white 01/02/01 100 a " 489 . int . chess room | 159 '' " '' '' gagR darkness . hermione 's voice pierce ' the darkness . hermione I do not like this . I do not like this at all . a small bouquet of blue flame bloom in hermione 's hand , illuminate little more than the trio 's face and some vague shape loom ahead . harry where be we ? a graveyard ? Harry step forward and -- suddenly - - one of the shape move towards they . hermione gasp . the shape stop . ron this be no graveyard ... ron take a unlit torch from the wall , touch it to the blue flame flutter in hermione 's palm , and kneel . as he paint the floor with light , a spark spit from the torch and ce ignites a trail of FIRE . 4 ron ( cont ’d ) it 's a chessboard . ns kevasion lan vo.us.ue $ 0 ) : ' pat sure enough . as the chamber glow with light , a kind - of * C ) battlefield be reveal , studd with faceless soldier . * ; hermione but what be we to do ? * as hermione take a tentative step onto the hoard , a bishop 's stone sword drop heavily down , barring she way . . ron . it 's obvious , be not it ? we have get to play we way across the room . Excuse + I ... be we mean to join you ? * ( as the bishop nod ) * brilliant . * ( to Harry , hermione ) * now do not be offended , but neither of * you be particularly . good at chess -- * harry * just tell we what to do . * ron * all right . Harry , you take the empty * Bishop 's square . hermione - ~ you will be * the queenside castie . as for I ... *. on ron leap astride the only riderless horse . * '' : ron ( cont 'd ) * .+- i’1l be a knight . : * hermione . * what happen now ? * ron . we play . * across the board , a white pawn move forward two square * ( e4 ) . as ron contemplate he own move , hermione glance * apprehensively at the fierce piece across the board . * . * hermione * ron , you do not suppose this be go * to be like real wizard 's chess , do * you ? * Ron--contemplating something -- do not answer immediately , * instead gesture to he own pawn . * ron * you there ... d5 * as ron 's black pawn oblige , white’s pawn slide swiftly * forth ( to d5 ) and , with a thunderous collision , the black * pawn explode , rubble raining to the ground . * i a a ide no no ccc no lt no sa '' - revasion > Tan bs.ui.vo 102 ' ' a '' ron ( cont 'd ) ; oe * . '' yes , hermione . I think this : is.gding™ eo * * 2 . '' to bevexactly like . wizard 's chess . 4 oe ls dissolve ' to : * ... the chess board , a real battlefield now , litter on * * both side with fall piece . ron , drain but intense , survey the board , muttering to himself . * ron ( cont " D ) think ... think ... ' ( decide ) Castle to ...c3 eee the black castle advance . instantly , the white queen sweep forward and , with cruel indifference , shatter the Rook . Harry , only one square remove , stare with horror . unnerve , he glance up at ron , but ron 's eye see only the board . Harry turn , take a look himself ... and blink . ee eee harry wait a minute ... * ( point to the Queen ) . she 's make the same mistake I always make . if I go there , she have to take I , and the King be expose ! * ron nod , but it 's clear he do not share Harry 's enthusiasm , * ron there 's just one problem with that . it 's you that have to go on , Harry . I know it . not I . not hermione . you . ee ee * harry no , ron ... hermione * what be it ? * harry he as go to sacrifice himself : — * hermione = no . there have to be another way ! ron do.you want to stop snape from get the Stone or not !. ( turn to Harry ) you understand , right , Harry ? once I make my move , the Queen will take I . then you be free to check the King . * ee rr cee — | ET revision Tan uo.vi.uu 103 @ Harry stare at ron -- a understanding between they -- then * '' simply nod . ron grip the rein then and , without a word , * drive he horse forward ( nh3 ) . instantly , the White Queen * pounce . as ron hit the floor , hermione scream . she '' start to : go to he , when Harry hold up he hand . * harry . : no ! . rag * ( as she freeze ) . , * do not forget we be still play . * hermione ' nod , . stare at ron. Harry step forward ( bc5 ) . * the white queen move to block ( qe3 ) , but it 's futile . * Harry stare at she , eye full of hatred , then step * forward , place he tremble hand on the cold stone of she * gown and , with the gentlest of shove ... topple she . * harry ( cont ! D ) * ( softly ) * checkmate . * as a veil of dust hover , the white king remove he crown , * let it roll from he finger , across the stone floor , * where it come to rest at Harry 's foot . Harry stare at * hermione 's stricken face . _* a harry ( cont 'd ) * ( ) if you can , go to the owlery and send * a message to dumbledore . ron 's right . * '' i.have to go on . * hermione ' turn , she eye glitter . without warning , she * rush forward , embrace Harry . * hermione * you be a great wizard , Harry Potter ! * you be , you know ! * harry . - * {a bit embarrassed ) * not as good as you . * hermione * me! book . and cleverness . there be * more important thing -- friendship and * bravery and -- oh , Harry , be careful ! * she turn then , go to - ron . Harry study he two friend , * then look away . the remain chessmen bow , parting the * way to the next door . he step forward . * 159a int . last corridor - moment later 159a * alone , Harry make he way through a corridor that drop down like a tunnel . up ahead , a chamber glimmer . . u4 | revision 2nd Green 's 19/04/0 !' 104 '' 160 omit sc. 160 i : / 160 161 int . the last chamber - niget : een ( 3 ! Harry descend a staircase . as the chamber below come into ' wiew , he see a figure stand before the Mirror of erise . . harry . you ! the figure turn . it be Professor quirrell . harry ( cont 'd ) no . it can not be . snape ... quirrell mm , yes , he do seem the type , do not he ? so useful snape . swoop around like a overgrown bat . next to he , who would suspect p-poor st - stutter Professor quirrell ? . harry ' but that day , during the Quidditch match ... snape to kill I . quirrell : no , dear boy , I try to kill you . and , trust I , if snape 's cloak have not catch fire and break my eye contact , I would have succeed . even with severus mutter he little countercurse . . harry os snape be try to save I ? quirrell : : oh , do not misunderstand . he hate you , just as he hate you father when they be at hogwart together . but he never want you dead . you father , after all , save he life once , long ago . Harry look stunne . quirrell look amused . quirrell ( cont 'd ) do not know ? surprise , give how curious you be Potter . I know you be a danger to - I right off . especially after Halloween . ~~ pd revision . 2nd Green 19/04/0 ) 105 ° harry you let the troll in . : quirrell nod , examine the Mirror as he speak : quirrell . ves . I have a way with troll . snape , unfortunately , wasn 's t fool . while everyone else be run about the dungeon , he go straight to the third floor to head I off . that three - head dog do not even manage to bite snape 's leg off properly . he , of course , never trust I again . rarely leave I alone . but he do not understand . I be never alone . never . ( frown ) . now what do this mirror do ? I see what I desire , I see myself hold the Stone . but how do I get it ? voice 's ( 0.s. ) use the boy . Harry glance about in horror as the dark voice echoe . quirrell turn , eye Harry ... quirrell come here , Potter . quirrell point to the mirror . as Harry step in front , he see himself , look pale . and scared . then , slowly , he reflection smile , put its hand in its pocket , and pull out a blood - red stone . Harry 's own eye widen -- in a mixture of stunne disbelief and fear . struggle to control he expression , he shut he eye briefly ... as if make a wish ... let out a breath , and open they once again . his reflection wink , return the Stone to its pocket and , to Harry 's amazement ... : ++-it drop heavily into he own : he 's '' get the stone . quirrell ( cont 'd ) ( study he ) what be it ? what do you see ? . harry I ... I be shaking hand with dumbledore . I ... Z have win the House Cup . voice ( 0.s. ) he lie . quirrell tell the truth ! what do you see ! weet * 's + eee eve _* * revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 ! 106 voice ( 0.s. ) let I speak to he . quirrell master , you be not strong enough . voice ( 0 - S . ) . I have strength enough ... for this . quirrell reach up , unfurl he turban . in the mirror , Harry watch a face appear ... on the back of quirrell 's head . harry ( in a whisper ) voldemort . voldemort Harry Potter . we meet ... again . petrify , Harry stare at the face . it be hideous , _ constantly change , struggle to become - whole . voldemort ( cont 'd ) . yes . you see what I have become . unicorn blood can sustain I , but it can not give I a body of my own . but there be something that can . something that , conveniently enough ... lie in you pocket . Harry wheel , dash toward the staircase . voldemort ( cont 'd ) stop hin ! : coolly , quirrell snap he finger and , just as Harry reach the threshold , flame shoot from the floor , barring he way . . : voldemort ( cont 'd ) do not be a fool , Harry . why suffer a horrific death , when you can join I ... and live . harry never ! : ' voldehmort ah , bravery . you parent have it too . tell I , Harry ... would you like to see you mother and father again ? ete be ee * ee ee eee revision 2nd Green 19/04/0 ! 107 Harry stop , look up . quirrell step aside , voldemort 's face slide from the glass and revealing ... Harry 's parent . voldemort ( cont 'd ) together , we can bring they back . all = ask ... be for something in return . slowly , almost involuntarily , Harry remove the Stone from he pocket . voldemor ? . ( cont 'd ) that 's it , Harry . there be no good and evil , there be only power , and that too weak to seek it . together , we all do extraordinary thing . just ... give I the Stone . Harry study he parent 's face , drift to he mother 's , when ...we rack focus ... and voldemort 's hideous face surface through she 's ... and she be go . harry liar ! voldemort 's eye narrow . voldemort kill he ! instantly , quirrell fly across the room , knock Harry . clean off he foot and the Stone tumble from he grasp . quirrell drop , he hand close on Harry 's neck . Harry wince at the touch , face crease in pain , look up into quirrell 's face , when ... for the briefest of moment -- it become voldemort 's . Harry gasp , struggle , when - - to he amazement -- quirrell 's own face return , scream , release Harry and recoil . quirrell wh-what be this magic ? Harry , breathe hard , follow quirrell 's gaze , stare in horror : quirrell 's finger be slowly turn to dust . voldemort fool ! get the Stone ! Harry rise , look at quirrell 's wither finger , then to he own hand , healthy and whole . as quirrell start to move , Harry , in the flash of a second ... ... decide . be bolt forward , reach up with both hand and ... press they to quirrell 's face . * + * * tt et tt oe ee ee eee +e revision 2nd Green 19/04/0 ) 107a quirtell scream , but Harry hold tight , grow weakér as the face under he finger begin to dissolve until , finally , just when Harry look ready to pass out ... . quirrell 's face drop away . Harry stagger back . quirrell 's body step forward , blindly ' lurching towards Harry , and then ... crumble to dust . Harry stand still , just stare , then turn wearily , pick up the Stone , when ... a apparition -- bear voldemort 's devilish face -nswoops up behind . Harry spin , watch in terror as ... whoosh !-- in a violent rush --voldemort return to dust and whistle forward , pass through Harry , blast he back '. through the air and onto the stone floor . as the dust 's ' disappear , all be quiet once more , and we CUT to : wide shot of Barry . lying on the floor . the Stone giimer dully in he pain . 124 eee Fe ee ee * * revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 108-109 162 . int . hogwart hospital wing - day 162 a - painting ...of a injured soldier lie in a hospital bed . a.nurse enter the frame , begin to tend to he dressing a s.e. ° Harry awaken ina hospital bed of he own . on the table next to he , treat be pile high , include a raft of open wizard card . in one , dumbledore beam down . : dumbledore good afternoon , Harry . harty squint , as if the card itself have speak to he , then see that the real dumbledore be sit on the windowsill . the great . wizard slide off , gesture to the treat . dumbledore ( cont ’d ) token from you admirer . barry admirer ? . oo dumbledore what happen down in the dungeon between you and Professor quirreil be a complete secret -- so naturally the whole school know . you friend Ronald have save you the trouble of open you chocolate frog . though one suspect mep and ptolemy still elude he . shoot praft '' White 11/09/00 110 . ron be here ? be he all right ? what about hermione -- dumbledore Fine .. both of they . Madame pomfrey have explicitly forbidden visitor . but I think -- with . the help of a certain cloak - - they 's have manage to monitor you progress . : _ harry but what . happen to the -- rarr dumbledore '' relax , dear boy . the Stone have be * destroy . my friend nicolas and I have a little chat and agree it be best all around . harry . : but then , flamel ... he 's 1l die , will not he ? * dumbledore . he have enough elixir'to set he affair be in order . but , yes , he will die . to one as young as you , I be sure it seem incredible . but to the well - organize mind , death be but the next great adventure . harry but to destroy such a remarkable thing ... dumbledore yes , yes . as much money and life as one could ever want -- the two thing most human being would choose above all - else . unfortunately , human do have a knack for choose precisely that thing that be worst for they . harry how be it I get the Stone , sir ? one : * minute I be stare in the mirror -- * dumbledore ah . you see , only a person who want to find the Stone -- find it , but not use it -- would . be able to get it . one of my more * brilliant idea and , between you and I , that 's say something . '' shoot draft White 11/09/00 111. harry do that mean -- with the Stone go , that oe be -- that voldemort can never come back ? * dumbledore I be afraid there be other way for he to return . and when -- if -- he : do , it will take someone willing to fight . a lose battle to stop he again . someone like you parent . someone like you . harry ( troubled ) 2 Professor dumbledore . voldemort say ... if 2e give he . the Stone , he could bring back my ... family . could he have , sir ? really ? the re dumbledore some people '' be like mirror , Harry . they reflect we most desperate desire . we see what they want we to see . as painful as it surely be ... you make the right choice . the the ee * Harry nod . dumbledore study he thoughtfully . * dumbledore ( cont 'd ) * _ do you . know why Professor quirrell could not bear to touch you , Harry ? it 's * because of you mother . she sacrifice * herself for you . and that kind of act leave a mark . Harry reach up to he scar . dumbledore ( cont 's D ) no , this kind of mark can not be see . it life in you very skin . it be the very thing someone like Professor quirrell -- full.of hatred and greed ~ - can not understand . or bear to touch . - harry what be it ? dumbledore Love , . Harry . Love . dumbledore look away then , smile at Harry 's treat . * . dumbledore ( cont 's D ) . ah! bertie bott 's every flavor bean ! I " be unfortunate enough in my youth to ( more ) stz te es shoot draft White 11/09/00 112: dumbledore ( cont ’d ) come across . a vomit flavor one , .and since then I be afraid I have lose my like for they , but I think I will be safe with a a nice toffee . 's a ( pop it ) : : a alas ! ear wax ! ' : - . 162a int . marble staircase - night 162a . as Harry limp down the staircase , he can hear the good . cheer * of that feast beyond the door of the great Hall . below , * hermione and ron stand talk . Harry stop , simply study * they , then they turn , see he . nothing be say for a moment . * all of they beyond word . then Harry nod to ron's-bruise . * * harry * all right there , ron ? * ron _* all right . you ? _ * harry * all right . hermione ? * she smile . * hermione '* C } never better . * '' 163 int . great hall - night | . 163 the roaring Hall be bedeck in GREEN and silver ~ + slytherin * color -- in honor of they win the House Cup . : * .. ron . D 's you think dumbledore mean for it all to happen ? and for you to do it ? send you you father 's cloak and all ? hermione . well , if he do -- I mean -- that 's terrible . you could have be kill . come to think * of it , I could have be kill ... * harry os , I think dumbledore know pretty much . * everything that go on here . the only : thing I - do not understand be snape ... : * professor mcgonagall ' * Professor snape , Potter . Harry look up , see Professor mcgonagall there . ee shoot nzaft White . 11/09/00 113. C ) brery yes , of course . I be only wonder . be it true ? do he hate my father ? aed professor mcgonagall they be not compatible personality , if that 's what you mean . and then , of course , you father do something severus could never forgive . harry what be that ? eee +t Le professor mcgonagall : * he save he life . : * astonish , Harry glance at snape sit at the High table . * professor mcgonagall ( cont ! D ) * I suppose he feel it he ... obligation +..to look . after you this year . ** ron : . of course ! and now that he 's square thing , he can hate Harry in peace , right , Professor ? +e et professor mcgonagall hogwart teacher do not hate they student , Mr. weasley ... ( pointedly , as she exit ) no matter how taxing they may be . eee eh * ron I think she 's warming up to I . * at the High table , dumbledore rise and the Hall quiet . * dumbledore . another year go ! now as I understand it , the House Cup need award , and the point stand thus : in fourth place , gryffindor , with 312 . percy turn and glare at ron. ron you have think save the bloody school from a Dark Lord would count for something . | esc ee shoot draft White .11/09/00:.114. dumbledore in third place , hufflepuff , with 352 . '' in . second , . ravenclaw , with 426 . : and in first place , with 472 point ... slytherin House . the slytherin table erupt . draco malfoy , bang he goblet , , cast a smirk at Harry , ron and hermione . * dumbledore ( cont 's D ) yes ; well do , slytherin . however , recent event must be take into account . . I have a few last minute point . to award . the hall go very still . the slytherin : smile fade a bit . * dumbledore ( cont ’d ) first , to miss hermione Granger , for . the . * cool use of intellect when other be in 5 * * grave peril ... fifty point . * as the gryffindor cheer , hermione look overwhelm . dumbledore ( cont 's D ) * second , to Mr. Ronald weasley , for the * best play game of chess hogwart have as : see in many year ... fifty point . * / percy . my youngest brother , you know ! * dumbledore . : third , to Mr. Harry Potter , for. pure * nerve and outstanding courage , I award . * gryffindor House ... sixty point . * the din be deafen as hermione make the calculation ... * hermione : oo oo oh my goodness . we have tie slytherin ! el dumbledore : wy * and finally ... it take a great deal ‘of * bravery to stand up to we enemy , but even more to stand up to we friend . I : therefore award 10 point to ... Mr. : * neville longbottom . as the room roar and the hourglasses shift , a stunne | ~ i neville accept wild slap on the back . * ( 26 164 revision Blue 22/09/00 115. dumbledore ( cont 'd ) assume my calculation be correct , I believe a change of decoration be in order . - dumbledore clap he hand and -- instantly -- the green and silver of slytherin . become the scarlet and gold of gryffindor . neville , white with shock , disappear under a pile of people hugging he . draco malfoy , look stunne and horrify . snape , with a horrible , force smile , shake Professor mcgonagall 's hand , then catch Harry 's eye , he hatred still evident , but not enough to mar the moment . Harry consider the cheer face 's that surround he , alone in the eye of a happy huricane . for a moment , he be not part of they , just watch . then he voice join the other , he face say it all ... this be a long way from the cupboard under the stair . ext . hogsmeade station - next day - day : the hogwart Express stand steaming , ready to depart . from the doorway , ron call to Harry , alone on the platform . ron come on now , Harry . Harry glance about once more , then start for the train . hagrid didn 's think yeh have be leavin’ without sayin 's goodbye , didya ? Harry stop , smile as hagrid come lope forward . hagrid hand he a leather - cover book . hagrid ( cont 'd ) that there 's fer you - to open on the train . which seem to be leavin’ , by the way . Harry hold out he hand . hagrid take it , then pull he into a rough hug . hagrid ( cont ’d ) go on now . an’ Harry ? if tha’ dolt of a cousin 0 's yer Dudley give yeh any grief , yeh can always threaten ter give sma pair o’ ear ter go with that tail .. be . + * toe ee revision 's Blue 22/09/00 115a . harry — but hagrid . we be not allow to do 's magic away from hogwart . you know that . hagrid I do ... ( a wink ) but yér cousin do not . I ( % '' * eee *. shoot draft White 11/09/00 11 165 '' int . train compartment -- day - ron jhalf - doze against the window , - while hermione do some 6. 165 '' light read . '' Harry sit opposite they , study hagrid 's gift curiously . then he open it . Inside , the page be fill with wizard photograph . smiling and . wave at Harry from every page be the face he first see in the Mirror of erise . the face of he mother and father . as the train lurch forward , hermione look up . hermione feel strange , do not it ? to be go home . Harry trace he finger over the smile face of he mother , then look up , follow hermione 's gaze to the window . harry . I be not go home ... not really . 165a ext . train -. moving away - same '' time 1 as Harry peer out , he face be calm . peaceful . hogwart Castle glimmer in reflection on he window and we ... pull away 65 a ... rise high above hogsmeade Station , above the Dark Forest and hogwart Castle itself as the scarlet Express glitter far below , make its way back to the Muggle world . slowly , we ... fade to black tee e en # * * ee ee