harriet screenplay by Gregory Allen Howard & kasi lemmon Story by Gregory Allen Howard ext . army encampment - south CAROLINA - night - 1863 100 black union soldier be assemble , bayonet point at the starry sky . a legend tell we this be ... South Carolina , 1863 - two year into the Civil War ... a small black woman , harriet tubman , 40 , address the troops . we hear she before we see she ... harriet suppose there 's a snake coiled at you foot , and it shoot up to bite you . we catch glimpsis of she through they body as she pace in front of they . her plain face with its habitual scowl , she eye alive with passion . harriet ( cont 'd ) folk get scared and send for a doctor to cut out the bite . but the snake , he roll up there and while the doctor cut , he bite you again , in a new place this time . the doctor make another cut , the snake spring up and bite again . finally you realize the snake be not go 's stop till someone kill he . a white commanding officer , colonel montgomery , watch intently as harriet continue ... harriet ( cont 'd ) slavery be still alive . that rice field downriver be feed rebel troops , with the toil of a thousand slave still in bondage . we mission be to free that slave . we have wait year to be allow to fight in this war , against we own enslavement . and it will not be win without we ! now be we time ! be you ready to kill the snake ? the man shout , yes , they eye fierce , emotional . harriet nod in approval . as we watch , she retreat into herself , as if listen to inner music , or voice we can not hear . insect chirp in a eerie chorus , take we into ... flashback vision : a series of image - monochromatic , out of sync and nightmarish - ext . brodess farm - flashback / vision two young black women in they early twenty , linah and soph , face twisted anguish , as they be rip away from they family at gunpoint by white men and drag to a slaver 's carriage , where other slave be shackle . they mother , rit , wail in grief as -- horses's hoove pound , carry they away , they expression of despair sear into we memory . the chorus of insect grow louder , until it become overwhelming , like every insect chirp at once ... we hear a voice , eerily present , otherworldly ... minty ! slow fade in : ext . brodess farm - bucktown , md - clover patch - day - 1849 on '' minty '' ross ( young harriet ) mid-twenty , a distinct dent in she forehead , from a wound long heal . her eye flutter . a handsome black man , JOHN , 28 , be shaking she awake . JOHN minty ! her eye open , take he in ... deep brown skin , full lip , eye sparkling with excitement ... minty John ... she 's lie in a clover patch in the field . he pull she to she foot and kiss she above she scar forehead . minty be small and muscular , a foot short than John . JOHN least you ' member my name . I be always scared you will wake up from one a they spell and forgit it . minty johnny , johnny , johnny ... JOHN guess what I get , minty -mine ? he pull a document from he pocket and wave it . her face light up . she grab for it . minty oh , Lord , be it ...? ( continued ) he hold it above she head . minty jump into he arm . he check to make sure no one 's look and then spin she , kissing she deeply . a steal moment . minty 's father , BEN , 60 , handsome and wiry , stand a discreet distance away , let the lover have they space . she run to he . minty ( cont ’d ) daddy ! we get it ! we get de letter ! what it say , John ? read it to I ! JOHN do not need to , get it remember . ( recite ) '' , ..i , joshua abram , have review the original last will and testament of atthow pattison ... " as minty walk away between Ben and John , they voice be lose beneath a louder , soulful voice , sing ... reverend GREEN ( prelap ) hold on ! slave ( prelap ) hold on ! reverend GREEN ( prelap ) hold on ! slave ( prelap ) hold on ! ext . brodess farm - house - later a plantation house be situate scenically in field of wheat and corn . 20 slave be gather in front of the wide veranda where ... reverend GREEN , 55 , black , be lead they in a slave spiritual . reverend GREEN keep you hand on the plow and hold on ! wanna get to heaven I 'ma tell you how ; keep you hand on the gospel plow . keep you hand on the plow and hold on ! amongst the slave be minty , John and Ben , along with other member of the ross family ; Ben 's wife , '' rit , '' 57 , fierce and emotional ; ( continued ) they child , ROBERT , 32 , tall and muscular , BEN JR '' junyah '' , 26 , henry 18 , and rachel , 20 , heavily pregnant and with a toddler in hand . all sing with mournful passion . reverend GREEN ( cont 'd ) hold on ! slave hold on ! reverend GREEN hold on ! slave hold on ! reverend GREEN & slave keep you hand on that plow and hold on ! keep you hand on that plow and hold on ! edward brodess , white , 46 , watch from the porch of the big house with he wife , eliza , 44 ; he son , gideon , 26 , handsome with pierce eye ; twin boy , vince and victor , 12 , anda girl of 10 , becky . reverend GREEN I leave you today with this word , from colossian 3:22 .... '' slave , obey you earthly master in everything , and do it , not only when they eye be on you and to curry they favor , but with sincerity of heart and reverence for the Lord . '' amen . slave amen . brodess amen . thank you , reverend Green for that wise word . ( to the slave ) you folk enjoy you Sunday . cook have gravy for you cornpone tonight . as Green move off and the slave disperse ... on minty - still praying , forefingers press to the dent in she forehead . John nudge she . she slowly come back to the present , catch Ben 's eye . the Ross family confer briefly , with furtive glance to the white on the veranda . ROBERT I be come with you . ( continued ) minty Robert , no . you too hot-head . ROBERT I be come . rit stop he , a hand to he chest ... rit dey beat you again , dey go 's kill you . go wit Mary . Robert 's wife , mary , wait for he anxiously . reluctantly he join she and he brother head back to the cabin , as minty , John and Ben peel away from the other and approach the veranda of the house . brodess look up at they , perplex . BEN massa brodess , can we git a word ? ext . brodess house - veranda - continuous brodess wave they forward . John , Ben and minty step onto the veranda . rit stand back , keep she distance . eliza look on from the doorway . gideon lean against a pillar , arm cross , eye on minty . she tremble as Ben step up , hat in he hand . BEN massa brodess ... I think you know minty 's husband , John , who work with I over at Thompson mill ... brodess course I know he . I let he marry she . what 's you point ? JOHN suh , I and minty , we think bout have a family ... and we want we baby bear free . so we hire a lawyer ... brodess bark a laugh , look from John to Ben . brodess you hire a lawyer . Ben , what the hell be this nigger talkin’ bout ? ( continued ) BEN well , suh , we talkin’ bout the last wish of you great - grandfather , atthow pattison . he give my wife , rit , to you mama as a chil 's , but she s'pose to be freed at 45 . she 57 . rit always know bout the will - she mama tol 's she when she be jus a chil 's - so when minty and John get marry , well ... we hire a lawyer to dig it up ... brodess be quietly irate . he turn to he wife . brodess hear that , eliza ? we get lawyer-hiring nigger right here . you get this will ? John pull out the letter . JOHN get a letter from the lawyer , suh . he say it 's clear - you great - granddaddy mean for minty 's mama to be freed at age 45 , ' long with she child . brodess glare at rit . she glare back , tear in she eye . minty step up , summoning she nerve . minty mama be 46 when you sell my sister . lawyer say that illegal . we all s'pose to be free when she turn 45 . my sister be lose to we , but John and I , we want 's we baby bear free , like dey s'pose to ! brodess snatch the letter from John , glaring at minty . brodess how you know , minty ? you learn to read ? minty no , suh . John read it to I . brodess glare at John and then put on he glass and read ... he look up at they . brodess how you nigger save enough to pay a lawyer in the first place ? BEN I work some extra hour for Thompson . take near two year . ( continued ) eliza look from Ben and John to minty , outrage . eliza you have the gall to stand here and tell we you be plotting against we for two year ? brodess tear up the letter . the black be stricken . he ball up the tear paper and toss it to gideon . brodess make she eat it . gideon take a hold of minty 's face and force the paper in she mouth . they eye meet as she gag . brodess ( cont 'd ) ( to minty ) now you listen here , girl . you daddy may be free and you husband too , but you and you mama , you brother and sister - belong to I , for life . you baby will belong to I , and they baby , to use or sell as I and my boy see fit ! you understand I ?!! Ben and John watch , shaking with rage . rit start to cry , unleash decade of emotion . rit you a devil ! you a devil , Edward brodess ! you sell my daughter south , where nobody know dey name ! my baby lose , and nobody know dey name ! she sob . brodess look from rit to minty . brodess I may have to sell this one too , rit . can not have this kind of mischief round here . but do not worry about minty , she 's strong . strong enough to pick cotton . now git off my damn porch ! John put a arm around minty and steer she away . Ben follow . brodess shout after they ... brodess ( cont 'd ) John , you and Ben be not welcome here no more ! I do not want you near my slave , lest you spread you contagion ! stay off my property ! ( continued ) brodess fall back in he chair , mottle and gasp . he glare at he son . brodess ( cont 'd ) be not for you , I ’da sell that girl year ago . gideon go after they . ext . brodess farm - moment later Ben support a sobbing rit. John try to comfort minty . he take she face and kiss she hard . gideon pursue they . gideon John , you hear my daddy ! you and Ben get on back to Thompson 's . the man wrench themselves away from they wife and head off toward the gate . minty glare at gideon . she run off , into the wood . ext . wood - day minty collapse in front of a enormous poplar tree by a creek , cry , praying fervently . minty my massa a evil man , Lord ! you know he evil . dear Lord , if you cai not change he soul , take he ! take he , lord ! a chill run up she spine and she turn ... gideon be stand not far away , watch she . gideon Lord do not listen to nigger , minty . I be tellin’ you that since we be kid . minty face gideon . a cool breeze raise goose bump on she arm . gideon ( cont 'd ) since that time I have typhoid as a boy and mama have you sit with I . first thing I see when I open my eye , be you little black face , hair stick up every which way . pray . ( more ) ( continued ) gideon ( cont 'd ) scare the fever right outta I . I get use to you face , but that praying always make my skin crawl . he give a rueful laugh , full of complicated emotion . gideon ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you think , hire a lawyer ? do you think daddy would just let you and you family free - damn near half he property - just like that ? she be turn half - towards he , she face impassive . he study she . gideon ( cont 'd ) daddy warn I , '' Boy , have a favorite slave be like have a favorite pig . you can feed it , play with it , give ita name , but one day you might have to eat it or sell it . you know it , and the pig know it . if you have to sell it , there 's no more guilt than separate piglet . and if you have to eat it , you will forget its name . '' he look at she , full of complicated emotion . gideon ( cont 'd ) I hope one day I forget yours . c’mon home , minty . he turn and walk back towards the farm . minty 's chest rise and fall , she foot refuse to follow . gideon turn back . gideon ( cont 'd ) c'mon , I say . minty stumble after he . int . ross slave cabin - late night minty be sleep . her eye open . a second later , we hear eliza 's scream - — as eliza continue scream , the other family member stir . ext . slave cabin - late night slave come out of they cabin and look in the direction of the big house , eliza 's distress come from within ... ( continued ) 10 . eliza ( 0.s. ) he 's dead ! oh , God , he 's dead ! on minty , horrify ... ext . brodess farm - graveyard - day a few gravestone on a shady patch of lawn . minty , rit and Rachel stand with the woman , child and elderly brodess slave at a fresh gravesite on the property , as the Ross brother and male slave lower brodess 's plain coffin into the earth . a white minister mumble gloomy word to the neighbor farmer and family friend in attendance . eliza be with she child , face swollen from cry , choke with grief . rit and Rachel keep they eye downcast , thought hide . minty pray in earnest , tear stream . she look up ... gideon be glaring at she , wounded accusation in he eye . ext . brodess farm - woodpile - afternoon minty be chopping lumber , split upright log on a stump , muscle rippling with each blow . as she chop , intercut -- ext . wood - same gideon hammer a auction notice onto tree . he stand back and read it , sweat and grief in he eye . negro for sale - on Monday , the 30th of September , a female slave call minty , about 25 year old . ext . brodess farm - woodpile on minty - release she emotion on the wood . she upend a new log , ax raise against the sky ... the sound of insect grow louder ... a bird in a tree above she chirp , urgently . minty faint , embed the ax in the wood , unconscious on she foot . 11 . minty' vision - ( a ) dark cloud race across the sky . ( B ) a flock of bird take flight , ( C ) horse break from they restraint and run , panicked , flank strain ... the voice , otherworldly , present ... leave , now ! ext . brodess farm - moment later minty heave the ax from the wood with a gasp . she look around she , panicked ... in the distance , the overseer , foxx , approach , shading he eye against the blind sun ... minty drop the ax and edge behind the shed . she run , skirt the outbuilding . she can see foxx , search for she ... minty evade he , tear up a path , collide with -- JOHN . he hold she , pull she out of view . she cling to he . minty John ! johnny ... I gotta go ! I gotta go right now ! JOHN I know . we goin’ . she look up at he , confuse . he pull a crumpled auction notice from he pocket - negro for sale . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be come with you . she touch he face and lip , shaking she head . minty John , you free . dey catch you , dey go 's take you freedom . I cai not live wit that . JOHN you will not make it alone , minty . who go 's protect you , you fall into one a they spell ? who 's go 's be there when you wake up ? you need I . minty seem to consider this . she kiss he hard . minty wait for I by de gate . I be go 's say goodbye to my mama . ( continued ) 12 . John nod . he press she close . JOHN we be alright . hear I ? jes hurry . he kiss she again and dash off . minty watch he . ext . brodess farm - late afternoon from behind a barn , minty peek out as ... the slave finish they work . rit rub she back , sighing at the rise moon . the air flicker with dragonfly and moth . minty begin sing , emotionally .... minty I be sorry I be go to leave you , farewell , oh farewell ; but I will meet you in the morning ... minty 's voice float to the slave in the field . rit be unnerve by she daughter 's choice of song , she look around for she as the other slave join in ... minty & slave farewell , oh farewell ! I will meet you in the morning , I be bound for the promise land ! on the other side of Jordan , bound for the promise land ! foxx , reassure by the sound of she voice , search for the source of it , but by now all the slave have take up the song , obscure she . minty duck towards the cabin . int . ross cabin - continuous singing continue as minty throw a few item into a cloth and tie it to she waist , tucking a knife into the makeshift belt . a pair of wear shoe be side by side near she mother 's pallet . minty take the shoe and put they on she bare foot . with the knife , she draw a heart in the dirt floor where the shoe be . ext . brodess farm - edge of property singing continue as minty sprint to the edge of the path , where she see ... ( continued ) 13 . JOHN , half -hidden in the tree near the gate , wait for she anxiously . eye shine with tear , minty wrench she eye away from he and take off , in the opposite direction . ext . wood - dusk minty run lightly through the wood as the moon rise . ext . brodess farm —- edge of property - night - minute later John come out of he hide place and scan the grow darkness for minty , chest tight with worry . he head back towards the gate . we hear horse hoove approach ... John be trap with no place to hide as gideon ride up . gideon what you do here , John ? we do not want you kind here ! John raise he hand , submissively . JOHN come to kiss my wife , be all , suh . sho be hard not bein 's able to see she . gideon you better get use to miss she , John . in fact , if I be you , I would find another wife . now git yourself back to Thompson 's mill . JOHN ( bristle ) yes , suh . John turn and start away , hold he breath . he walk a few pace ... we hear the thunder of hoofbeat as foxx ride up , on horseback . foxx gideon ! gideon what be it ? foxx minty ! she go ! ( continued ) 14 . gideon raise he gun , aim at John 's back . gideon stop right there , nigger ! John turn around . gideon and foxx corner he . gideon ( cont 'd ) where be she ? where 's minty ? JOHN I tol 's you , I be just comin’ to see she -- gideon take he riding crop and strike he across the face . John fall to the ground , blood in he eye . ext . thompson 's mill —- poplar neck - night a mill by a man-made waterfall , surround by stack of lumber . minty skirt around it towards a scatter of small cabin . int . thompson be mill - BEN 's cabin - night the modest cabin be decorate with wood carving and hand - craft figurine . Ben take off he boot painfully . he rub he knee . there 's a knock ; minty 's face at the window . Ben glance up , then immediately turn away . he open the door , avoid she face . BEN do not wanna look at ya . wanna say I be not see ya . I can see you heart . minty daddy , dey go 's sell I down river , where nobody come back from . I gotta run . Ben turn away , pack a small sack with biscuit and yam . BEN listen here , gurl - you go to rev Green church , ask he to pray for you journey . ( continued ) 15 . minty but ... reverend Green always preachin’ obedience ... Ben turn to she sharply , still avoid she face . BEN do what I say . go to rev Green church , ask he to pray for you journey . minty yes , daddy . he hand she the sack , then go to a shelf where small figure of he wife and child have be lovingly craft from wood . he pick up the one of himself and press it into she hand . her hand cover he . they stand there a moment , hand clasped together . BEN just know I 'il be with you . minty I love you , daddy . BEN I love you too . a sob be stick in he chest , the strain of not look at she prove too much for he . BEN ( cont ’d ) go on , then . minty tuck the figure into she pocket and kiss he . she walk out the door ... ext . BEN ross 's cabin - night - continuous BEN minty ! Ben step out , point in the sky towards the Big dipper . BEN ( cont 'd ) do not forgit the Big dipper . pointer star in the cup point directly to the North Star . follow the North Star . minty yes , daddy . I love you . ( continued ) 16 . minty turn and run . Ben stand silhouett in the doorway , eye drop to the earth . ext . wood - poplar neck - later minty run , use the star to get she bearing ... ext . rev . GREEN 's church - night minty approach a clear in the wood . rock formation , mark the grave of slave and freedman , cast shadow in the moonlight . a small wood building with a rough hewn cross rise beyond the grave . the church be dark . minty try the door . it 's bolt shut . she bang on it ... we hear noise from inside . reverend GREEN ( 0.s. ) who be it ? minty minty , Ben Ross 's daughter . rev Green open the door and pull she in quickly . int . rev . green' church - continuous he bolt the door behind they . it 's dark in the church and Green be in a dress gown . reverend GREEN girl , what be you do out here alone at this hour ? have you lose you mind ? minty my daddy say ask you to pray for my journey . there 's a shift in rev Green 's demeanor . he light candle . reverend GREEN you the one wit the spell ? minty ..- yes , suh . he turn to she , the candle illuminate he skepticism . reverend GREEN and you intend to run . ( continued ) 17 . minty dey go sell I south , way from my husband a family ... reverend GREEN which mean they motivate . you money to they . unless word spread you run off , then you damage goods . they 's 1ll make you pay for that - beat you , hobble you , or worse . you go alone , you get a hare 's chance in a fox grove . if the slaver do not get you , timber wolf and copperhead will . can you even read , child ? minty shake she head . he sit she on a bench and sit beside she . reverend GREEN ( cont 'd ) maybe nobody notice you go . maybe you can sneak back ' fore daylight . minty look up at he , suddenly fierce . minty I be not goin’ back . I want 's be free ! the power of the word stun minty - word never speak . the reverend nod solemnly . his manner businesslike . reverend GREEN there 's not much time . it 's near midnight . you must be mile away from here by dawn . I need you to remember what I tell you . can you do that ? minty nod , determine , try not to be overwhelm . reverend GREEN ( cont 'd ) fear be you enemy . trust in God . ext . wood - night minty run through the wood . she stumble , pick herself up and run again . reverend GREEN ( over ) keep the choptank River to you leave and the North Star ahead . if there be no star , just keep follow the river . if you can not see the river - listen for it . you know moss grow where its dark and wet - wet point to the water . ( continued ) 18 . above the tree we see the Big dipper . Beyond it , the North Star . a river glitter in the moonlight . reverend GREEN ( over ) ( cont 'd ) follow the choptank to its headwater in delaware . when the river split , cross the rush creek to you leave and head straight North . minty squat pee . the moon 's reflection be catch in a brackish pond . the wood be alive with sound . reverend GREEN ( over ) ( cont 'd ) in a few day 's time the delaware River will be on you right . follow it to wilmington , look for a blacksmith and iron merchant name Thomas garrett . I x11 send he word . she finish and take off again , run lightly over tree root and fall limb . reverend GREEN ( over ) ( cont 'd ) May God be with you ! ext . thompson 's mill - night on BEN - mournful and sincere . BEN I be not see she , suh . ai not look on my daughter 's face since massa brodess run we off . gideon and foxx face Ben and he boss , the owner of the estate , a.c . thompson , 5as . John stand bleed between they , face split from the whip . gideon be irate . gideon be that so ? a.c. thompson Ben 's a honest nigger , gideon . he say he be not see she , he be not . gideon approach John , full of menace . gideon this one know something . caught he sniffin 's round the cabin just when minty run off . ( continued ) 19 . JOHN I tol 's you , I be not see she ! Thompson step between they . a.c. thompson nephew , this be uncall for ! this man be my respected worker ! I will not have they further injure ! the two white man face off , Thompson richer and more powerful , gideon a head taller and decade young . gideon if you nigger help my slave escape , I be hold you responsible . so if you do not want I take this personal , uncle , why do not you send some of you man to help I bring she back ? gideon and Thompson glare at each other . ext . wood - night minty lie asleep on a bed of pine needle , hide against a ridge . suddenly she 's jarre awake by a tidal wave in she soul ... a praying mantis seem to be look at she intently . we hear the voice : quiet . danger . we hear dog and voice ... minty do not dare move ... a patrol of man on horseback , approach . we hear gideon 's voice . gideon ( 0.s. ) Morris , you and butch stay to the road , foxx and I will take the wood . the man split off . a slave with hound on a leash lead gideon and foxx deeper into the wood , away from she ... suddenly the dog seem to catch a scent and go veer in she direction -- on minty - frozen . if she move , she risk be see . but she can not wait for the dog ... minty take off , tear through the wood , pursue closely by the dog , only 50 yard behind she . ( continued ) 20 . gideon and foxx ride after the dog , the horse pick they way through the overgrown wood with difficulty . foxx they get a scent ! we follow minty - as she plow through thicket of tree , branch slapping she face and arm . she trip over the carcass of a possum . she pick it up and hurl it away from she , slide painfully into a ravine . she dive under a fall tree , disturbing a snake , which unwind itself from a branch above she head and dangle face to face . minty try to control she terror as the dog pass close , go after the dead possum . horse 's legs , follow , jump the ravine . minty keep she eye on the snake as she edge out of she hide place . she run , in the opposite direction . ext . wood 's edge - dawn minty catch she breath at a tree line , a enormous clear before she . the North Star shine ahead , faint in the grow light . we can hear the dog bark behind she , back on she scent . she steel she nerve and run -- dash across the open space , a dark , small figure against the gray landscape . she race for the distant tree line . ext . tree line - minute later minty look back . the wide expanse be clear ... then we see the tiny figure of the dog , follow by gideon and foxx , with lantern , converge with the man from Thompson 's mill . they ride towards she , then separate , hope to head she off . minty peel the shoe from she bloody foot and rub she skin and shoe with spruce pine , try to cover she scent . we hear the dog , bark in the distance . minty run ... ext . creek , bridge - morning minty drag herself forward , exhaust . she come to a bridge over a fast move creek . minty hesitates ... ( continued ) 21 . we hear horse and dog .... she dash across , look behind she as -- butch and morris , two dangerous look white man , converge with the dog on horseback . minty sprint away from they , but stop short when -- gideon appear with foxx the other side , also on horseback . gideon minty , you devilish girl . minty eye the churn water below , the Thompson 's mill man advance slowly from the other side . gideon gesture for they to halt . he dismount , inching towards she . gideon ( cont 'd ) C ’mon back peaceful . you family 's worried about you . you mama 's cry , you sister too . C ’mon home . minty 's eye flick to the water and back to gideon . he stop , a few pace away . gideon ( cont 'd ) you think bout jump ? suicide 's a sin against God - you know that . against that that own you too . minty climb onto the rail . gideon inch closer . he lean on the rail , several foot away , speak casually . gideon ( cont 'd ) I have decide not to sell you after all , minty . you be there all my life - I would miss you ugly face . I be gonna have to hurt you a little , to teach you a lesson . but it wont be too bad , long as you come back gentle . c’mon home , minty . minty look he dead in the eye . minty I 'ma be free or die ! in the blink of a eye , she thrust herself off the rail , into the churn water below . the patrol converge on the bridge . gideon watch in horror as the current pull she away and under . gideon goddamnit , minty !!! 22 . ext . river bank - day gideon , foxx and the dog search the river 's edge . down river , Morris shake he head and draw a hand across he neck . she must be dead . ext . river bank - downstream - afternoon minty wake , sprawle at the edge of the river bank . she push onto she hand and knee , vomit water . after a moment , she crawl to she foot . her shoe be go , along with she head wrap , the knife , everything but she tatter dress , which hang indecently from she batter body . she search frantically in she pocket for the figurine of she father , give a sob of relief when she find it . barefoot , hair wild , she trudge off . ext . farmland - maryland-delaware border - late afternoon minty run through wide open farmland , expose in the afternoon light , search desperately for a place to hide . she see ... a farm house in the distance . another across the road , field - hand with the cattle , slave work the field . minty see a farm cart , cover with a tarp . she sprint towards it ... ext . farm cart - same the cart be pile high with wheat and hay . minty crawl beneath the tarp and tuck herself between bale of hay . she rest . her breathe slow , she eye close ... ext . farm cart - pre-dawn on minty - she open she eye . the cart be move ! minty peek from underneath the tarp ... ext . country road - continuous minty 's Pov - the farm cart bump along a country road , pass ... ( continued ) 23 . slave catcher , head the opposite direction ... three runaway slave tie together in the back , pass close enough to see they despair . ext . country road - just before sunrise the cart stop . minty peek from underneath the tarp ... the farmer dismount . he look up at the star . he speak softly , almost to himself . farmer I know you be there . I be head to market , just up the road . best get out now . minty jump from the wagon and dart into the tree . she watch as the farmer climb on he horse and drive off . the sky breathes with dawn 's first light . minty find the North Star and run . ext . delaware - riverfront - day the sky be just clear after a downpour . minty be soak and shiver , hide at the corner of a tavern near a sparsely populate stretch of waterfront . minty 's Pov - a white couple kiss in front of the tavern , 20 foot away . minty look past they to ... a black boat worker docking he skiff . as the couple move off , minty make a dash for the river , approach the black boatman . minty suh ... you know a blacksmith round here , name of garrett ? the boatman , jasper marley , look down at the tiny figure in the drench , tear dress . he quickly whip off he rough cloak and throw it around she shoulder . jasper careful , girl . you half dress , look half dead . anyone with eye can see what you be . the man you look for be on the corner of 4th and shipley . no more than half a mile west . ( continued ) 24 . minty pull the cloak around she . it drag the ground . she look up into the sailor 's rough , worried face . minty thank you , suh . she stagger off . jasper watch with concern . int . / ext . garrett house and shop - shipley STREET thomas garrett , a youthful and robust white man in he fifty , dress plainly in the manner of the quaker , polish a set of fire iron , a assortment of ironwork on display around he . he hear a rustling and look up , jump as he see minty , shroud in the drip cloak , like death itself . garrett May I help thee , friend ? minty suh ... you know a negro name reverend Green ? garrett yes , I do . I have be wait for thee . minty collapse . int . garrett house - bedroom - evening minty wake in a strange bed in a plain room . she 's in she underclothes . she sit up , alarmed ... across the foot of the bed be a plain chocolate brown dress . on a table next to she bed sit she father 's carve figurine . int . garrett house - corridor - minute later minty 's bare bandaged feet pad down a corridor . the dress be too short and come high above she ankle . she hear voice below and tentatively start downstairs . int . garrett house - downstair - continuous Thomas garrett sit at the head of a long table , laden with food . his wife , rachel garrett , look up as she see minty . she 's very plain , with a kind smile . ( continued ) 25 . rachel garrett I could not mend you dress I be afraid . t’was too far go . what you be wear be we Amy 's favorite . she 's with the Lord , and have no use for it . but she would approve . I find something in the pocket of you dress which I put by you bed . it look important . minty thank you . minty look at they , timidly . they be both emotional . thomas garrett well . come down . you must be hungry . int . garrett house - downstair - later minty sit at the table with Rachel and garrett . garrett be hold forth , while Rachel watch he , indulgently . thomas garrett you be not the first to sit at we table , confuse and hungry - far from it ! helping fugitive slave be my divine duty and my life 's work . why , I almost lose this house just last year , when I be sue in federal court for aid slave . after be try , convict and heavily fine , the judge ask I if I have learn my lesson . I say to the court . '' if thee know of any slave who need assistance , send he to I , for I now pledge to double my diligence in assist slave to freedom ! '' he laugh robustly . Rachel smile and pat he hand . he take a bite of pork , peer at minty , bright - eye . thomas garrett ( cont 'd ) so tell I , friend , how do thee find the courage to come all this way alone ? minty t'was de Lord . I think God want 's I be free . thomas garrett my dear child , I believe that God mean all mankind to be free . minty look at he in wonder . ( continued ) 26 . minty suh ... you a saint ? thomas garrett no , friend . I be a quaker . ext . pennsylvania border - sunrise a horse -drawn carriage drive across a broad plain as sunrise tinge the horizon pink and gold . garrett drive the horse , wear the broad-brimmed hat and cloak that distinguish the quaker . he bring the carriage to a stop , climb down and open the back . minty get out , half hide by a wide quaker hat . thomas garrett here we be , friend ! the Pennsylvania border . shall I drive thee across , or would thee prefer to walk into freedom alone , on thy own foot ? minty ( overwhelm ) I ' 11 walk with de Lord . minty give he back the hat and cloak . she still wear he daughter 's plain brown dress . he regards she fondly . thomas garrett then this be where I will leave thee . it 's 25 mile to Philadelphia . find the Pennsylvania antislavery Society and ask for William still . he reach in he cloak and press a daguerreotype of a handsome black man into she hand . minty look at it in wonder . thomas garrett ( cont 'd ) this be he likeness , so you will know he when you see he . until we see each other again , God bless thee . minty God bless you , suh . a small sign mark the delaware - Pennsylvania border . as minty walk past it , the sun rise , bathing the countryside in light . minty look down at she hand to see if she 's change . she spin around in the field , exuberant . 27 . ext . philadelphia - STREET - day the bustling city of Philadelphia . a carriage pass , revealing minty . she look around she in wonder . black vendor roast oyster , chestnut and corn , or pedal match and flower to fashionable white . minty feel conspicuous , fight the urge to duck when white look she way . she approach a vendor . minty '' please , suh ... I lookin’ for de Pennsylvania antislavery Society . vendor corner of 5th and arch Street , bout half a mile down . he look she over , realize . vendor ( cont 'd ) ( he lower he voice ) do not be afraid , there plenty of we here in Philadelphia . walk like you get a right to , will not nobody pay you no mind . minty nod gratefully and continue on , try to walk like she 's get a right to . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - day printing PRESS - a pamphlet be be copy . william still , 28 , black and dashingly handsome , carefully pull a pamphlet from the press , the ink still wet . he hang it up to dry next to other on a rack . the pamphlet be title , anti - slavery reform . minty enter . William peer through the pamphlet . william still May I help you ? she check the daguerreotype against the man in front of she . minty suh , be you Mr. William still ? william still I be . and you be ...? ( continued ) 28 . minty ( she hesitates ) ...- a white man name of garrett send I . a beat . William look at she with clinical interest . william still please , have a seat . William lead she to a chair by a desk . he disappear into a back room and return a few moment later with a cup of water and a weathered copper case , from which he remove a marble notebook . he put the cup in front of minty and open the book , dip a pen in ink . minty drink the water , gratefully . william still ( cont ’d ) what be you full name and where be you from ? she hesitates . he try to put she at ease . william still ( cont ’d ) this book be full of fugitive slave history . I keep a record of most of the slave that come through Philadelphia . some I have to find , most find I , as you have . minty my name araminta Ross tubman . folk call I minty . I come from dorchester County , maryland , farm of Edward brodess . william still Edward brodess be you master ? minty massa brodess dead . his wife , miz eliza , own I and my family . william still not you , not anymore . minty be quiet as she try to grasp this concept . william still ( cont ’d ) where be the other ? minty be not no other . ( continued ) 29 . william still you can tell I , minty . I be a friend . who do you escape with ? minty I leave my husband a family . t’was jus I , a de Lord . William take this in , blow away . william still you're ... a brave and lucky girl , minty . I do not know if you realize how extraordinary it be , what you have do . by some near miraculous mean , you have make it 100 mile , alone , to freedom . ( collect himself ) would you like to choose a new name , to mark you freedom ? many ex - slave do . whatever name you want . minty ( think ) dey call my mama rit , but she name harriet . I want my mama name , and my husband . harriet tubman . we see the name , harriet , as he write it in he book . from now on , we will call she harriet . william still very good . so , tell I , harriet , how would you characterize you master ? what kind of man be he ? harriet he de devil . most white I know be devilish . william still not all of they . Mr. garrett just get you to I . ( back to business ) do you master ever hurt you , physically ? do you have wound ? scar from beating ? harriet finger the dent in she forehead . harriet overseer crack my head open , when I be bout 13 . I be at the store , out at de crossroad , with massa 's son , gideon . ( more ) ( continued ) 30 . harriet ( cont 'd ) gideon a I be companion when we be young , and I be strong , and could carry a 40 pound bag a rice , so overseer let I go . harriet frown , lose in the memory . William watch she , pen hover over he book . harriet ( cont 'd ( cont 'd ) my big brother , Robert , snuck off and follow we - din 's trust massa gideon lone in de wood wit I . I toln he to go back , but he would not leave I . few minute later , overseer bust in , lookin 's for ' im - mad as a rabid hound . Robert - he a proud boy - he stand up to ' im , say he piece . overseer get so mad , he pick up a weight from the counter a hurl it at my brother ... ' cept I step ' tween ‘em . crack my skull right open . she finger the scar . William be spellbound . harriet ( cont 'd ) dey say I sleep most 2 month . next thing I ' member , I be see my sister sell . flashback vision - the same image we have see before - harriet 's sister , linah and soph , face twisted in anguish , as they be force into a slaver 's carriage . now we see young gideon , armed with a rifle , help load they in . horses's hoove pound , carry they away . int . philadelphia slavery society - back to scene harriet cept I see it before it happen . william ( confuse ) before it happen . harriet God show I , to prepare I I guess . but when it happen , it hurt so bad , worse de any beat , worse de de hole in my head . hole in my head jus make God 's voice more clear . ( continued ) 31 . William be stunne . he make a note in he book : possible brain damage . ext . philadelphia STREET - afternoon William walk harriet through town . he walk with confidence . harriet , still resisting the urge to duck , look at the white around she , mystify . harriet how you tell de angel from de devil , when dey walk in de street , side by side ? william still well , often you can tell immediately , by how they look at you . but sometimes you have to use you intuition . harriet you mean , my top eye . dat 's what we call it . William look at she , amused and a bit charme . william still yes , you top eye . harriet look at the white , try to see they soul . ext . philadelphia STREET - rooming house - afternoon William and harriet be walk through a enclave of black laborer and freedman . they approach a modest rooming house and enter . int . rooming house - afternoon William go to a counter and ring a bell . moment later , a beautiful and sophisticated black woman in she thirty , marie buchanon , come downstairs . marie buchanon Mr. still , good evening . william still good evening , Marie . this be a new arrival , harriet tubman . harriet , this be Marie buchanon . she be a friend and the owner of this establishment . ( continued ) 32 . marie buchanon please to meet you , harriet . harriet be shy in front of the elegant woman . harriet ... ma ’am . William and Marie exchange a look . william still I be leave she in you good hand , Marie . good evening , lady . William tip he hat and stride off , leave they alone . Marie look harriet over . marie buchanon c'mon in . Marie lead she upstairs . int . rooming house - upstair - afternoon a woman and two man play card in a handsome parlor . harriet look around at the fine furnishings , overwhelm . Marie watch she , amused . marie buchanon yes , I be a woman , yes , I be negro , and yes , I own the place . get you jaw off the floor . my mama be freed when she master die . she be pregnant with I , so I be raise free , here in Philadelphia . you can have the last room on the leave upstairs . I have serve supper already , I will make you a plate . but first , you need a bath . you stink like a barnyard animal ! there 's a wash tub in the kitchen . I x11 put some water on . Marie start back downstairs . harriet you be bear free . guess you never have de stink of fear . of runnin’ of yo life . Marie stop , turn back , chasten . marie buchanon ( gently ) you be right , harriet . I have not . 33 . int . rooming house - kitchen - evening Marie carry a pot of hot water from the fire and pour it into a copper tub , already half - fill . marie buchanon I nil warm you plate . you need anything , just let I know . a fold screen separate the tub from the kitchen , offer a bit of privacy . harriet take off the dress and underclothes and let they fall to the floor . she catch she reflection in a piece of mirror . a map of scar , both old and new , cover she lean , muscular body . Marie catch a glimpse of harriet 's body as she lower herself into the bath . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) you get a man ? behind the screen -— harriet sink lower in the tub , delight in the sensual warmth of the bath . harriet my husband , John . he free like you . he be go run wit I , but I 's scared if we get catch , dey take he freedom . so I leave ‘im . she watch the dust dance in the fade light . harriet ( cont 'd ) now I wish he be here wit I . must 'a be hard on he when dey find I go . marie buchanon the boatmen , the '' black jack , '' travel up and down the delaware and chesapeake Bay . maybe they can get word to he that you make it . then he can come to you . harriet brighten . she sit up , splash . harriet thank you , mar ’am . ( continued ) 34 . marie buchanon call I Marie . wash up good . tomorrow we gonna get you a payin 's job . harriet grin at the think . she soap she hair , vigorously . then put she head under the water . int . HOTEL room - summer - 1850 - day a brown hand polish wood until we can see reflect ... harriet , in a may 's uniform , hair tame , furiously clean . time have pass and she look healthy and fit , but there 's something manic about the way she work , as if she 's try not to think . a tear hit the polished wood . she wipe it away . a young black woman , jesse , pause outside the open doorway , watch she . jesse slow down , harriet . they don 's pay we by the bushel ! see she mood , jesse come in and help harriet make the bed , look across at she with concern . jesse ( cont 'd ) come to the social tonight . you might have fun . would that be so terrible ? harriet do not answer . jesse look at she , knowingly . ext . dock —- afternoon harriet hurry down a narrow street to the river . she 's grow more confident in she manner , no longer fearful . she spot a boat worker she know and wave ... it 's jasper , the black sailor she meet in wilmington . jasper hello , miss harriet ! harriet jasper ! any word from my family ? jasper yes , mar ’am . bring some lumber from the Eastern shore . you husband and family know you safe . ( continued ) 35 . harriet my husband send word back ? jasper no mar ’‘am . no word ' cept what I tol 's you . harriet turn and walk away , crestfallen . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - afternoon harriet barge into the office , barely notice ... the bustle of people , mostly white , engage in various activity , pass pamphlet , signing petition ... William , write at he desk , look up . william still harriet ! how be you ? harriet Mr. still , I need yo angel to help git my husband a family . william still that 's not how it work , harriet . my '' angel '' be part of a sophisticated network , not for you personal use . trust that we be do what we can , for who we can . harriet pace , wring she hand . harriet but I feel somethin’ wrong , William . I cai not sleep . please help I ! william still harriet , listen to I ! we work have get much more dangerous . slaveholder be frustrated over the number of runaway . Federal judge , marshal and slave catcher be work together . even congress be threaten to pass law to appease the South . he can see that he 's lose she . harriet if you win 's help I , I 'il go myself . William be lose patience . ( continued ) 36 . william still do not be ridiculous . I can not have you risk you life and my network because you be lonely ! rescuing slave require skill and careful plan . can you read a sign , or a map ? can you read at all ? harriet I put my attention on tryin' hear God 's voice more clear . william still do you know what would happen if you get catch ? they have torture you , till you point they right to this office ! you get lucky , harriet . be grateful you make it this far and pray for that yet to come . there 's nothing more you can do ! harriet ( erupting ) do not tell I what I cai not do . I make it dis far on my own ! God be watchin’ , but my foot be my own - runnin’ , bleedin’ , climbin’ , nearly drown - nothin’ to eat for day a day . a I make it ! so do not you tell I what I cai not do . you don 's know I ! William , watch , stunne , as she walk angrily away . int . rooming house - night harriet be with Marie , have just share she dilemma . harriet I make up my mind ; I be goin 's back . wit ’out my husband a family , I be just a stranger in a strange land . if I be free , dey should be too . I be go go git they , one by one , start wit my husband . I need a suit for he and a dress for I , so I can look like a free lady . will you help I ? Marie go to the window and look out , troubled . marie buchanon I can give you a dress you will likely be hang and bury in ... she turn back to harriet , have make she own decision . ( continued ) 37 . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) or I can teach you how to wear it . int . rooming house - parlor - day harriet be in a lovely dress and dainty shoe , walk with she head high . Marie lead she , extend she hand in graceful , ladylike gesture . marie buchanon how do you do ? harriet imitate she carriage and gesture with surprising skill . she 's a natural mimic . harriet how do you do ? marie buchanon good . you be confident , compose , but wise enough not to look a strange white man in the eye . you do not want trouble . Marie go to a carve box and retrieve a colt revolver . she put it in harriet 's hand , adjust she grip from behind . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) but if trouble come , you 's 1ll be ready . harriet look in the mirror . she aim the revolver , fierce . ext . philadelphia - dark alley - night off the city street in a disreputable neighborhood . marie buchanon ( over ) I ' 11 put you in touch with a man who will sell you free papers . harriet move slowly until a unseen man whisper to she . man ( 0.s. ) hey gal . she hand he money , he hand she papers . ( continued ) 38 . marie buchanon ( over ) they will not be yours - they be someone else 's . May not match you description exactly , but they 'il get something right . harriet push the papers back to he . harriet read ‘em for I . ext . countryside - autumn - 1850 - day a train chug through farmland . int . train - night harriet sit by a window in a car near the engine room as the train head south . she clutches a satchel . marie buchanon ( over ) hopefully they will not read ‘em too close . they be more worried about negroes head north . runaways do not go south . the train pull into a station . conductor ( 0.s. ) dover. dover , delaware . harriet put she satchel across she shoulder and take out she papers . she tremble as we follow she out . ext . dover station - night marshal wait to search northbound train . harriet see a group of recently capture runaway slave in shackle . she tighten with fear . a marshal approach and she turn to he . harriet hello , suh . how do you do ? marshal paper . harriet give he the papers , she back straight and she eye below he chin . he eye at the papers , then she . marshal ( cont 'd ) dessa dixon ? ( continued ) 39 . harriet yes , suh . marshal where be you bear , dessa ? harriet Philadelphia , July 18 , 1824 , of free issue . a deputy approach . the capture slave watch the scene unfold . harriet set down she bag . marshal say here you be five a a half foot tall . you be not more 'o five foot . harriet musta wear my high boot that day . she smile . they laugh , unpleasantly . behind harriet 's back , she hand grip the handle of the colt revolver , which the slave can see , but the marshal can not . the slave watch , on edge . marshal it say you have a birthmark on you forehead . with she free hand she tip she hat back to show she scar . harriet that 's correct , suh . they look at she head a moment , then at the papers . a beat . the marshal hand they back . hiding the gun in she dress , harriet take they . as she walk away , weak - kneed , the slave breathe a sigh of relief . ext . brodess farm - day harriet 's brother , Robert , junyah and Henry , be rake the field , along with other slave and they family , prepare for winter plant . int . brodess house - same gideon sit at a desk , write , while eliza dictate . ( continued ) 40 . eliza dear Dr. Thompson -- no , dear brother - in - law ... I hope you will accept this modest payment on the money owed you by my depart -- my dearly depart Edward . it have not be easy for I with he go . he leave we in a sorry state of affair , the depth of which we have only recently discover . since you have say you be not in a position to forgive the loan , please accept the enclose $ 7.50 . I will try to make another payment next month . you neighbor and sister - in- law , eliza brodess . gideon put some bill and coin into a envelope . gideon we be go 's have to sell some slave , mama . eliza we stature in this community , be measure in negroe . we can not live like pauper . who 's suppose to work the field - the twin ? gideon would you prefer to keep the slave and sell the farm ? eliza turn away from he , sullen . gideon ( cont 'd ) we will sell the Ross brother . Robert alone be worth 6 - 7 hundred . if we sell junyah and Henry too , we can bring home maybe 16 . that will go away to pay off daddy 's debt . you will not have to beg , the twin can remain useless and we can go on as we have . eliza with you unmarried and sleep in brothel ? gideon and eliza exchange a load look . gideon we will go on as we have . the other will just have to work harder to make up for the loss . ( continued ) 41 . a beat . eliza give a long , dramatic sigh , gesture for he to begin anew ... he take another sheet . eliza negroes for sale ... ext . thompson be mill - poplar creek - late afternoon harriet stealthily approach the estate where she husband and father work . she pause beneath a tree , she excitement tinged with a sense of forebode . ext . thompson be mill - late afternoon work be wrapping up for the day and Thompson 's worker be trudging back to they cabin from the mill . John say goodbye to he team and rest against a pile of lumber , exhaust . a voice float to he from the wood . harriet I be sorry I have to leave you ... recognize she voice instantly , John stand and look around . harriet spring from the tree by the creek and throw herself into he arm . he clutches she in disbelief . JOHN minty ... be it you !? he pull she out of view into the mill . int . mill - continuous both of they be awash in emotion , touch each other 's face . she 's change since he last see she , in proper clothes she have the bear of a free woman . John have change also . she run she finger along the ugly scar down one cheek and across a cloud eye , where gideon 's strap make its mark . harriet johnny , johnny ... what dey do to you ? JOHN one good eye be all I need to see you , girl . you look good , minty . but why you back here ? it be not safe . ( continued ) 42 . harriet I come to git you , johnny , bring you to freedom . I get a suit for you to wear ... I be livin 's free , in Philadelphia , but I cai not live without you . he look at she woefully . fear grip she spine . harriet ( cont 'd ) ai not you happy to see I ? JOHN I hear you be drownt , minty . never think I have see you again . harriet I send you word ... by de black jack ... JOHN by the time I hear you be alive ... ( a beat ; then ) minty ... I be marry . she look at he , confuse . harriet I know you marry , johnny . you marry to I . JOHN I take another wife , minty . harriet you take another wife ... JOHN her name caroline , and she free like I . she carryin’ we chil 's . harriet be floor . harriet nother woman carryin’ you chil 's ? I think you love I ! tear spill down she cheek . he pull she to he , try to calm she , both of they cry now . JOHN like I be not never love nobody , not my own kin ! you leave I , minty . you go alone and leave I and I pray for you . gideon whipped the sight out my eye - and I pray for you . ( more ) ( continued ) 43. JOHN ( cont 'd ) when I hear you jump off that bridge , and I think you be cold and dead , catch in the river weed , like some animal - I pray for you ! harriet then you find another wife . he look at she , wretch . she push he away . harriet ( cont 'd ) go on then . go home . JOHN minty , you not safe here . you gotta leave , now ! gideon still lookin’ for you . harriet so , de white man din 's give up . you do . he back away . JOHN I love you , minty . I would 'a die for you , if you have let I . he turn and stride out . harriet take a few rag breath ... she stumble after he . ext . thompson 's mill —- JOHN 's cabin - dusk the cabin have a small vegetable garden in front . John wash he face and hand in a basin by he stoop . harriet approach , unseen . she look in a window ... inside - a lovely woman , round with child , put aside she work . hear she husband , caroline glance at she reflection in a bit of mirror , take off she head wrap , freeing she springy hair . harriet pull the revolver , take aim at she rival ... then John walk into view , take caroline in he arm . he hold she tight , let she comfort he . caroline kiss away trouble , not ask they source . he put he hand on she round belly . harriet bend over she knee and vomit . she take the satchel from she shoulder and sling it hard against the door . she run , the revolver swinging at she side ... 44 , ext . thompson 's mill - tree grove - dusk harriet run into the grove of tree , reckless , consume with anguish . she howl , devastate . harriet why , Lord ? I listen for you voice ! you tol 's I come , I come ! you lead I back here ! why bring I all dis way to rub mud in my face ? why you let I live ? she contemplate the gun in she hand ... the sound of insect grow louder ... harriet arch backwards and fall to the ground , twitching in spasm . harriet' vision - a raven stand in front of she . she hear the voice : harriet ! ext . brodess farm - vision a strange dark cloud throw a eerie shadow over harriet' brother in the field . ext . wood - day - vision harriet run , feet skim the earth . other brown legs follow ; man , woman , child ... ext . orchard - vision the raven look at she . lead they . ext . thompson be mill - orchard - night harriet wake and stand shakily . BEN ( 0.s. ) John tell I you be here . BEN sit close by , back against a tree , kerchief tie over he eye , harriet 's satchel at he foot . harriet daddy ... he reach for she and she pull he to he foot , fall into he arm , heartbreak wash over she . ( continued ) 45 . harriet ( cont 'd ) johnny don 's love I no more . Ben take she shoulder , shaking she . BEN minty , some thing be not mean to be . but you here now be a miracle - I get you brother hidin’ in the corncrib . miz eliza fixin’ to sell ‘em . harriet be sober by this , realize the significance of she vision ... Ben hand she the satchel . ext . corncrib - night harriet lead she father to the corncrib . BEN they be waitin’ on Robert . Mary 's in labor and he will not leave she till she deliver . he unlatch the door and harriet 's brother - junyah and Henry climb out . harriet junyah ... junyah hug she tight . junyah minty ! cai not believe it 's you . harriet Henry ! Henry 's face light up as he join in the hug . jane , a slender girl disguise as a boy , climb gingerly from the corncrib . junyah go to help she . junyah minty ... this my fiancee , Jane . from Horatio Jones farm . her massa be beatin’ she bad . she comin’ wit we . Henry help a woman , phoebe , 20 , with a baby in arm . ( continued ) 46 . henry Phoebe ask to come too . she scared of bein 's sol way from she baby . phoebe my husband pass last spring . she all I get . harriet look at the infant sleep in Phoebe 's arm . phoebe ( cont 'd ) when I hear you make it to freedom , I name she araminta . maybe she see freedom too . harriet take they in , overwhelm . she look at baby araminta . Phoebe be desperate . phoebe ( cont 'd ) she will be good , I promise . you sister , Rachel , she steal miz eliza 's laudanum , to keep she quiet . harriet where be Rachel ? where my sister ? henry Rachel too scared to run , minty . she say miss eliza get a hawk - eye on she . harriet turn to she father . harriet and mama ? BEN rit wit I . angle on - BEN 's cabin in the distance , where they can see rit move slowly about inside . BEN ( cont ’d ) miss eliza let I buy she freedom . ai not have much use for she . rit be not be right since she hear you drownt . her heart would burst , she know you be here , bout to run again , wit the boy . I x11 take care of you mama . don’ chu worry bout we . harriet take in the crew of fugitive , processing . ( continued ) 47 . harriet I plan for one more , not all of you and a baby too . the baby stir , face bunched in a scowl . harriet look at the infant , a stab of fresh pain fortifying she . she take one of the baby 's tiny hand . the baby look up at she . harriet ( cont 'd ) but if you trust I , a follow my lead , baby araminta will grow up free . BEN it 's late . you need to go . I x11 send Robert on . junyah what if Mary do not deliver till sunrise ? he ’1ll be catch and sell . BEN by sunrise , they will be after you too . this truth sober they . just then we see a dark form , streaking across the field towards they . harriet run to meet he . harriet Robert ! thank God ! ROBERT minty ! he lift she off she foot , embrace she . the other surround he . harriet how 's Mary ? tell we . Robert be breathe hard , from exertion and emotion , make word difficult . ROBERT we get ourselves a baby girl . deliver myself , not a hour ago . set she on she mama 's breast and kiss ‘em goodbye ... Phoebe 's baby give a faint cry . Robert be overcome with emotion . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) Mary 's too weak from childbirth to run , even if I could convince she ... I have to leave ‘em . ( continued ) 48 . Ben reach for he son 's shoulder . harriet look up into she brother 's face , share he pain . harriet you have to leave ‘em , either free or in chain . you choose freedom . she hand he the satchel . Robert pull the suit from the satchel and look at she . ROBERT you come for John . I be sorry , minty . harriet shake she head . harriet I think I come for he ... I see now I come for all of you . Robert pull off he shirt , revealing a profusion of scar on he muscle back , like a network of river . BEN ai not but a few hour a dark leave . if you goin’ , you need to go . the sibling take a last look at they mother in Ben 's cabin , wishing they could say goodbye . ext . thompson 's mill - minute later harriet and she brother lead they blindfolded father to the tree-line edge of the field . Robert be wear the suit . Ben hug each of he son . he kiss he daughter . she cling to he . harriet come wit we daddy . BEN I and you mama will be fine . I be not goin’ nowhere till all my child free . he touch he daughter 's face . BEN ( cont ’d ) git go , now . I be not see none a you . harriet lead the freedom seeker off , leave Ben alone on the path . he wait until he no longer hear they , then he lift the kerchief from he damp eye . 49 , ext . wood - night the freedom seeker follow harriet through tree . they approach a clear by a body of water . the baby start to cry . they freeze . Robert be instantly protective of the child . ROBERT she hungry . she gotta eat . Pov - the fugitive sit amongst the tree as Phoebe breast - feed the baby . someone be watch ... we hear a scratch sound ... a dark figure crouch in the tree , gangly and nappy-haire , capture the scene in a sketchbook . ext . rev . green' church - near dawn harriet and the freedom seeker approach through the graveyard . Robert be skeptical . he will not go further . ROBERT I don 's like dis , minty . reverend say der a special place in Hell for runaway . I don 's trust ‘im . harriet you trust I ? Robert look at she a beat . begrudgingly , he nod . harriet knock on the door of the church . a few beat later , reverend Green usher they in . he take harriet by the shoulder . reverend GREEN it 's good to see you , girl . Heard you would come back . almost do not believe it . he hustle they into the sanctuary . int . rev . green' church - sanctuary - near dawn reverend Green and Henry move aside the pulpit , revealing a trap door underneath . Green pull it up ... reverend GREEN go on . you will wait out the day down there . you will be safe . 50 . int . rev . green' church - cellar - continuous harriet peer down . there 's candlelight come from below . we see face , peer up . reverend GREEN there 's other . Word spread . three slave be huddle in the dark - a young man , issac ; he father , joe , and Joe 's mother , miz lucy . they look up at she , eye full of fear , uncertainty and hope . harriet be overwhelm . ext . brodess farm — morning we hear angry scream . slave in the field look at the house with anxiety . int . brodess house - parlor - same eliza rage in she dress gown , smash plate and vase against the wall by foxx 's head . he duck , resign . gideon watch he mother 's tantrum , grimly . eliza find they , I say !! foxx we will , mar ’am . the twin , Vince and Victor , rush in follow by Becky . victor ma , what be it ? gideon we have five slave run off . eliza 5 slave - over $ 2000 ! this whole farm be not worth but $ 5000 . we get a rat in we pantry , and it will starve we if we do not trap it and kill it ! rachel !! Rachel appear , hold a baby . a brown-skinn girl of four , angerine '' anger '' , trail behind she . Rachel quickly hand anger she baby brother and look at she mistress pleasantly . rachel yessum . ( continued ) 51 . eliza backhand she , send she into the wall . anger wail . eliza do not you '' yessum '' I , you black bitch ! you brother run off ! gideon grab Rachel by the neck and pin she to the wall . gideon what 's you part in this , girl ? rachel I don 's know nothin’ , I swear ! I don 's even know what you sayin 's ! who run off ? he tighten he grip . gideon I ’1ll snap you neck . rachel ( choke ) I ... do n’... know nothin’ . I swear ... gideon release she . she slide down the wall . he turn towards anger and the baby ... gideon foxx , take this pickaninny to market and sell ‘em . foxx yessuh . rachel t’was minty ! something like hope light in gideon 's eye . almost tenderly , he take the squirming baby from anger 's arm , turn to Rachel . gideon minty 's dead , you lyin’ wench . rachel she alive . she come back . gideon you see she ? rachel I hear tell . ( continued ) 52 . foxx niggers 's tale . like haint in the marsh . she 's lie ! gideon I hope it 's true . good Lord , I hope it be . gideon release the baby into Rachel 's arm . anger run to she mother , bury she face in she dress . Rachel cling to she child . gideon ( cont 'd ) foxx , round up some man and meet I out at poplar neck . foxx nod curtly and run out . eliza collapse into angry tear . eliza how could you father leave I with he debt and he mutinous slave ?! gideon go to he mother . gideon hush , mama , try not to upset yourself . I be gonna find ‘em for you - minty too . Rachel , give she a dose of laudanum for she nerve . i’11 deal with you when I get back . Rachel nod , terrify , think of the laudanum she give Phoebe . ext . brodess farm - minute later gideon , on horseback , thunder toward the gate . a black youth step in he path . walter be gangle and nappy-haire , between 18 and 20 , dress in buckskin britches and work boot . gideon almost run he over , he horse rear . gideon what the hell be wrong with you , boy ! outta my way ! walter you look for some runaway , suh ? gideon circle walter menacingly . ( continued ) 53. gideon what you know about it ? speak up ! walter pull a beat up notice from he pocket . walter this here you notice , right ? runaway slave , short , strong , dent in she head . he pull out a sketch pad and hand it to gideon . there 's a sketch of the slave conven in the wood , another of harriet - no longer the same slave girl gideon once know , but clearly recognizable as minty . gideon look up from the draw , eye burn . gideon where have you see she ? walter take you there , for a dollar . I ’ma tracker , I know which way they head , and I can help you find ‘em . gideon a tracker , you say ? walter that and lot more - artist , blacksmith , boatman , carpenter , fisherman , horseman ... get skill right down the alphabet till you get to scout and tracker . work for wage though - be not no slave . gideon pull out he gun and aim it at walter . gideon how bout you tell I which way they head , or I shoot the nose off you face ? walter East from poplar neck . gideon throw a coin on the ground . he spur he horse and ride off . walter call after he . walter ( cont 'd ) I know bigger Long ! gideon pause , ride back . ( continued ) 54 . walter ( cont 'd ) best slave catcher round - but hard to get , ill - tempere and expensive . gideon you know bigger Long ? walter we practically kin . hang out in place you would not be see , but I know where to find he . gideon find bigger Long and tell he to meet I at poplar neck . they 'il be something in it for you . gideon ride off . walter pick up the coin . he whistle and a black horse come trot out of the wood . ext . wood - poplar neck - later gideon be wait with foxx and the man he 's gather for they patrol - a lean and leathery career patroller , atwood , plus Morris and butch , from Thompson 's mill , along with several hound . foxx how long we go 's wait for this nigger ? gideon bigger the nigger 's worth the wait . just then , walter ride up on he horse , follow by ... bigger long , a large , dark , scar -face man , with hostile eye and a unpleasant disposition . a thick black mutt trot beside he . bigger look at the group without speak . gideon ( cont 'd ) last night , five of my best slave run off ; three buck and a female , with foal . I will pay $ 300 for they return , alive and unharme . I want the girl that 's leadin’ ‘em too . do not want no harm to come to she by nobody 's hand but mine . bigger long I get $ 200 . they can split the rest . gideon get in bigger 's face . ( continued ) 55 . gideon $ 200 ? what 's a ugly nigger like you go 's buy with $ 200 ? bigger long enough white whore to last I till lent . gideon 's eye narrow . everyone reach for they gun . the air crackle with hostility . walter crouch low on he horse . bigger break into a wheeze laugh . the other chuckle dangerously . gideon you better be good as they say . int . rev . green' church - sunset reverend Green light the evening candle . the door of the church burst open and gideon and he posse storm in . reverend turn , appal , as dog rush into the sanctuary and bigger and the man turn over the rough-hewn pews and bench . reverend GREEN master brodess , what in God 's name ? gideon you hidin 's fugitive , reverend ? reverend GREEN suh , you know I better than to accuse I so unfairly ! the Gospel in my hand be a instrument to keep slave righteous and obedient . bigger approach the pulpit . he toss the pulpit aside , revealing the trap door . he give the reverend a nasty smile . bigger long boss ...? gideon rush over . the hound circle the trap door , sniff . gideon what have we here , reverend ? reverend GREEN storage for my book and a few dusty bottle of port . ( continued ) 56 . the other look on as bigger pries the door open . walter hurry down the narrow stair with a torch ... the small storage room be empty except for stack of book and a few dusty bottle of port . ext . wood - dusk feet run through wood , other brown leg follow ... harriet lead the large band of freedom seeker , run as fast as they foot will carry they . miz Lucy , stumble . issac pick she up , carry she on he back . the freedom seeker run , silhouett against the moon . ext . wood near railroad track - night the freedom seeker sit huddle in a thicket of wood , take a moment 's rest . Joe rub miz Lucy 's back , Robert doze , Phoebe nurse the baby while junyah rip a strip of cloth from he pants to wrap Jane 's bloody foot . ext . wood / road - not far away harriet peer through the tree to see ... butch and Morris stand watch on the road , wait . harriet retreat back into the wood . in the distance , we hear a dog bark ... ext . wood - too close for comfort bigger drive he mutt through the wood , hot on they trail . the dog dig at something on the ground . bigger investigate ... a bloody strip of cloth . bigger long good boy . ext . wood near railroad track - night harriet run back to the group . ( continued ) 57 . harriet patrol get de road block ! ROBERT you tol 's we to go that way ! harriet now I be tellin’ you we cai not . jane I do not think I can go no further , minty . feel like we goin’ in circle . junyah ai not everybody strong like you , sister . harriet somebody tell you escapin’ slavery be easy ?! ( she look at Robert ) if you strong enough to bear de lash , you strong enough to run from it ! we hear bigger 's dog bark . Robert jump to he foot , pull Phoebe up . ROBERT c'mon ! the fugitive get up and run . ext . countryside - tidal stream - night the freedom seeker stumble alongside a tidal stream bath in fog , try to keep within the sparse tree cover , move as fast as exhaustion will allow . harriet and Phoebe run ahead with issac and Henry , Robert carry the baby , Jane lean on junyah , Joe carry miss Lucy . Pov - through a spyglass - the freedom seeker approach in the distance . on walter watch from he horse with a spyglass . he ride off . ext . bridge - night gideon and atwood be wait with dog and shackle . walter ride up . ( continued ) 58 . walter they comin’ right to we ! bigger 's drive ‘em from behind . the other two get the road cover , be not no place to go but right here . gideon we will be wait for they . do not let ‘em outta sight . walter ride off . gideon peer into the gloomy night . a smile play at he lip . gideon ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , minty ... C ’mon home . ext . countryside - tidal stream - night harriet run towards the bridge in the distance . she pause to let the other catch up , breathe hard . Cloud race across the moon ... light and darkness , darkness and light . the wind whistle ... Pov from above - walter watch from high in a tree as harriet sink to she knee , moan . Robert and Joe run up to she ; Joe panic . joe what wrong wit she ? ROBERT she prayin’ . minty peculiar that way . the other catch up , surround she . harriet rock and moan , in a trance . Joe look at she in dismay . joe what we s'pose to do , wait ?! she we leader . get she up ! he go to grab she arm . Henry block he . henry do not touch she ! she talkin’ to God . we hear bigger 's mutt bark not far away . phoebe dey comin’ . we gotta go ! above they - walter watch as ... ( continued ) 59 . the cloud part briefly , bathing harriet in moonlight . her eye open ... she stand . harriet we cai not go on that way . there 's danger ! we hear the dog get closer . the fugitive panic . henry God say which way we can go ? harriet Left . harriet take off toward the stream . the other follow , run full out behind she . walter climb higher , keep they in view . ext . tidal stream bank - night harriet run to the edge of the stream . joe what now ? harriet look uncertain , maybe terrify . it seem there 's only one choice . harriet we cross . harriet pull up she dress , tie the skirt around she leg . the freedom seeker look at each other in dismay . miss lucy I cai not swim ! jane I neither . harriet Robert , carry the baby . issac put miss Lucy on you shoulder . junyah , you carry Jane . joe dis fool tryin' drow we ! ROBERT minty , you go full crazy ! we get a old woman and a baby with we . we be not goin’ in that river ! ( continued ) 60 . harriet pull out the colt revolver . harriet I say we be . you will be free or die . hand shaking , she aim the gun at she brother . Phoebe gasp , Jane cower behind junyah . Henry watch wide - eye . Robert tower over he sister . ROBERT I do not leave my wife and family to drow like a rat ! you wanna shoot I , go head . joe if she drow , who go 's lead we ? miz lucy she de only one know de way to freedomland . I want 's see freedomland of 's I die ! Robert glare at harriet defiantly , turn to the other . ROBERT I will lead you ! follow I . to the bridge ! he start away . the other watch incredulously as harriet raise the gun over she head and calmly walk into the water . Henry watch she , hold he breath . ext . river - moment later the water be up to harriet 's armpit . the tide pull at she . she pray to herself . harriet Rivers of live water flow through I . Lord , lead I cross , take I through ... from the tree walter watch as harriet continue across until only she head be visible . just when it seem the water will swallow she up , she reach the deep midpoint ... then slowly , she start to rise . a few step later , she shoulder break above the surface ... walter exhales . 61 . ext . tidal stream bank - moment later the freedom seeker watch , incredulous as harriet come out on the far bank . Henry rush into the water , follow by Jane and junyah . miss Lucy jump on issac 's shoulder . Phoebe hand Robert the baby and wade in . a few beat later , Robert follow , baby above he head . ext . near bridge - minute later bigger , gideon and atwood converge on walter . gideon what happen ? you say they be head right to we ! walter I lose ‘em . gideon you what ?! walter they disappear in the fog . first they be there , then they be go . gideon slam he shotgun into walter 's face , knock he to the ground . gideon cock the gun at walter 's head . gideon I have have about enough of you , nigger . bigger shove the gun as gideon fire - the dirt explode next to walter 's head . gideon spit at he and walk away . bigger give walter a kick for good measure . ext . tidal stream bank - other side - near dawn harriet watch sternly as the freedom seeker come out on the near bank , soaking wet and shiver , but unharme . finally Robert stride out of the water . the baby have sleep through the ordeal . Robert hand she to Phoebe and face he sister , sheepishly . harriet glare at he . ROBERT minty ... ( continued ) 62. harriet point to the baby . harriet dis baby gurl , araminta , you can call she minty . you call I harriet from now on . dat 's my freedom name . she face the group , fierce . harriet ( cont 'd ) I be harriet tubman , leader of dis group . we do what I say ! the other nod , chasten . behind they , the stream seem , once again , impassable . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - day William still be absorb in he write when harriet burst through the door , follow by the freedom seeker - all eight of they , plus the baby . William stand abruptly , look at they in amazement . harriet look back at he , quietly triumphant . william still be this ...? harriet my family and friend , freedom seek slave . I go down south a bring ‘em back . God show I de way . William be awed by she . he remember he manners . william still please introduce I ! which one of this fine man be you husband ? harriet fall silent . int . rooming house - evening harriet 's brother , Jane , Phoebe , she baby , Joe , Isaac , and miz Lucy sit at table laden with food , along with jesse and other rooming house guest , eat with obvious pleasure . int . rooming house - washroom - evening harriet be in the tub . Marie sit on a stool behind she , comb the knot from she freshly wash hair . harriet stare into shadow . harriet his wife a free woman , big wit he chil 's . John din 's want my baby . could not bear de think he chil 'ren be bear slave . every time dey try to grow , he have go cold a quite ... and one by one dey die in my womb . marie buchanon harriet ... you be so far beyond any man I have ever meet . what 's a man to a woman touch by God ? harriet go still . harriet you make fun a I , Marie ? marie thibideaux not whatsoever . but I do have question . you say God 's voice guide you . what 's that like ? harriet contemplate a beat . harriet sometime it sting , like a smack in de face . other time it soft like a breeze , go before you sure you feel it . like a dream that fly off soon as you wake . seem like I learn to see a hear God , like some learn to read a book . I put all my attention on it , and act , ' thout question , ' fore I can wonder if I hear it at all . ' fore I even understand what it mean . I think God mean I to go git my husband . but John be just a way to steer I where I be need . maybe God do not want I love . that 's why he make I strong , not pretty . Truth be , it probably would 'a never work , runnin 's wit John . Men need to believe dey de boss . marie buchanan umhmm . even the best one think they be smarter than they be . and better in bed . ( continued ) 64 . Marie laugh . a brief smile tug at harriet 's lip . marie buchanan ( cont ’d ) where 's Mr. still take you ? harriet shoot she a sharp look . marie buchanon I know , he 's marry , but that 's a fine - look man ! harriet I din 's notice . ( beat ) he say he take I to some kinda meeting . say he get folk he wanna ' quaint I wit . Maria 's interest be pique . ext . philadelphia alley - night harriet , once again well - groom and look smart , walk down a dark alley off the main street with William still . harriet there I be , wit a suit , but no husband . I feel a fool . william still he 's the fool . for a second they eye meet . harriet God have other plan for I , Mr. still . william still I be start to believe that . that 's why I be bring you here . they come to what appear to be a abandon warehouse door , guard by a man , wear a pistol . harriet look at William , eye question . still nod to the guard . william still ( cont ’d ) good evening , Martin . guard even , Mr. still . ( continued ) 65 . the guard open the door . William lead harriet into the darken warehouse , past dusty keg of wine . int . wine cellar / meeting room - continuous William lead harriet down a narrow stair and into a series of room , well light , with many candle fixture on the wall and table . Inside be a bigger interracial crowd than harriet 's ever see . it 's mostly black man , but there be white as well , some woman too , converse and socialize , as if it be normal . several anteroom lead off from the main room , stack floor to ceiling with wine bottle . on one long wall hang a huge map of the United States , show free and slave state and the territory open to slavery or freedom by the repeal of the Missouri compromise . harriet who be this people ? william still this be the Committee . the organizer and officer of the Underground railroad , dedicated to help slave escape bondage . no one see this . only the initiate . near the map be a blackboard , which read : '' conductor -- passengers -- lost '' . underneath be the name of the conductor write in chalk and the number . all the conductor have lose some passenger . still write she name on the board and put down '' 9 '' and '' 0 " lose . William quiet the crowd . william still ( cont ’d ) lady and gentleman , may I present , a most extraordinary woman , Mrs harriet tubman . harriet escape from slavery herself just a year ago , and she 's already go back to liberate other . she 's bring back nine soul , and lose none . in recognition of she bravery and skill , I welcome she to the committee as a '' conductor '' on the railroad . ( continued ) 66 . some applause and murmur of approval from the Committee . the man size she up . it 's a tough room . harriet try to process this . william still ( cont ’d ) ( low ; to harriet ) they do not necessarily like new member . you will have to win they over . they 's 11 learn to trust you after a few mission . she eye the man warily . harriet question be , will I trust dem ? what 's a conductor ? william still a conductor accompany passenger , or '' cargo '' to safe house , or '' station '' run by '' stationmaster '' , like my friend Sydney Howard Gay , one of the main agent of the ugrr . Sydney , meet harriet . sydney howard gay , a white man in he 5as , shake she hand . sydney howard gay good to have you aboard . a intense look black man in he thirty with a wild mane of hair approach . william still harriet , this be Fred douglass , also from the Eastern shore of maryland . frederick douglass welcome , harriet , and congratulation . harriet thank you , suh . frederick douglass call I Fred . after all , we be both fugitive from the eastern shore . William bring she toward two bonnete quaker woman . william still May I present Mrs lucretia mott and she sister , martha coffin wright . harriet hello . ( continued ) 67 . martha give she a conspiratorial smile . martha coffin wright it 's a pleasure to welcome a woman to the committee . william still and I believe you have meet Thomas garrett , chief station agent in delaware . he will be you main contact . garrett grab she hand , warmly . thomas garrett friend , it 's good to see thee , and to know we 's 1ll be work together . harriet good to see you , Thomas . still escort she to a group of black man . william still and this man be we chief conductor : Lewis napoleon , who work closely with Sydney Gay ; mose pinkett of wilmington and George wilmer , who be technically still enslave in Kent County . the man nod coolly . harriet be fixate on George wilmer . harriet you still a slave , when you could be free ? GEORGE wilmer I find it easier to help the cause from the plantation . massa trust I ; let I come a go as I please . call I a '' noble nigger . '' he give she a wick smile . william still George wilmer be a '' abductor . '' harriet abductor ? william still someone who steal slave directly from the plantation , under the overseer 's nose . they have the most dangerous job ... ( continued ) 68 . a big , powerful black man approach , full of self - importance . william still ( cont ’d ) ( low ) and the biggest head . ( louder ) harriet , meet John clay . clay tower over harriet , extend he hand . JOHN clay John clay . 9 - not bad for you first time . I abduct 18 on my first run . only lose two . harriet who be de two ? JOHN clay pardon I ? harriet two you lose , who be dey ? JOHN clay a old woman and a child . I do not know they name . harriet ponder this . harriet shame . I hope never to lose one . but if I do , I will remember they name . clay , offended , stalk off . William look at she with respect . int . wine cellar / meeting room - night William still , garrett , Sydney Howard Gay and the conductor go over a map of the South and the slave state , show slave density by county . william still 4 million enslave black southerner who need to be liberated , but all we can do at the moment be help a few at a time , while fight the bigger battle to end slavery . ( continued ) 69 . harriet I need to get back to bucktown to get my sister . we leave she lone ... william still there be sympathetic captain and black jack who will take you down the chesapeake into maryland , but it 's far too dangerous for you to go back to bucktown . we will make every attempt to rescue you sister , but you must think beyond you family . you be a conductor now , with duty and responsibility to the Underground railroad . frederick douglass which be in danger of become the upperground railroad , if some of we well - meaning and noble friend continue brazenly tout they accomplishment . garrett take offense . thomas garrett I 'il make no secret of my mission to aid runaway ! why should I ? it 's God 's work we be do . frederick douglass while I applaud you noble dare and willingness to subject yourself to bodily harm by openly avow you participation in the escape of slave , I can see very little good result from it , either for you or for the escape slave ! as the group devolve into friendly bicker , harriet turn back to the map , try to make sense of it . she whisper to martha . harriet show I maryland . she point to it on the map . martha coffin wright it 's this strip right here . she point to Philadelphia . martha coffin wright ( cont ’d ) and here we be , in Philadelphia . harriet trace the short distance with she finger , marvel . ( continued ) 70 . harriet it look so close . behind she the bicker continue ... thomas garrett how can we influence heart and mind if we be too timid to say what we be do ? frederick douglass there 's a difference between timid and discreet , Thomas ! harriet place she finger over maryland , make a silent vow . William watch she . ext . jasper 's boat - day - montage sequence - a black crew of boat worker on deck , amongst they ... harriet , dress as a black jack , scrubbing the deck . the seaman in charge survey she work ... it 's jasper , harriet 's friend . he give she a wink . ext . plantation - maryland - late afternoon - montage slave work the field . we hear harriet 's voice in the distance ... harriet ( 0.s. ) go down , mose , way down in Egypt land tell all the pharaoh to ... slave in the field join in , exchange furtive look . slave ( 0.8 ) let my people go ! a few slave dart off towards the wood . ext . wood - night - montage a group of escaped slave run through the tree follow the sound of harriet 's voice . harriet ( 0.s. ) when Israel be in Egypt land let my people go ! oppress so hard they could not stand ... ( continued ) 71 . slave let my people go ! suddenly she appear before they , confident and in charge . she empty a satchel full of shoe . the slave dive at they . singing continue as ... ext . wood - dawn - montage harriet lead the fugitive run through the wood . harriet & slave ( over ) so the God say : go down , mose , Way down in Egypt land tell all pharaoh to let my people go ! dog bark behind they as ... patrol drive the freedom seeker towards a clear . the fugitive be breathless and exhaust . they seem to be cornere , the slave- catcher converge on they ... ext . farmland - dawn - montage moment later , the freedom seeker have vanish . the poss circle each other , dumbstruck . int . farm house - montage the farmer , unhurriedly close up a salt pantry . dark tight space - the freedom seeker squeeze like sardine . reveal ... ext . jasper be boat - day - montage harriet , dress as a black jack , on deck with jasper . he open a cargo hold ... they human '' cargo '' emerge from below . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - montage harriet come in with she passenger . William still try to contain he relief . he and harriet exchange a look fill with unspoken word . 72 . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - montage harriet sit in a chair look fierce and forbid , as a photographer take she photograph . William stand by , watch she ... int . pennsylvania antislavery society - montage the photograph of harriet , frame . William look at it , lose in think . his beautiful , fair - skinned wife watch he . she put a basket of food in front of he . he tear he eye from the photograph and embrace she . ext . wood - montage wanted sign for a '' mose '' go up everywhere , describe as '' likely a white male in blackface . '' free black take they down . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - montage jump cut - fugitive after fugitive make testimonial in William still 's office . hany massa 's wife brand I wit a hot iron ... she show he a scar on she chest . mack .-+- call I nigger like it be my name . Day I remind he my name be mack , he beat I senseless ... abraham if I tol 's she I be leave , she woulda carry on so everybody know have it ... I could not say goodbye ... he dissolves into tear . William put a hand on he arm . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - another day - harriet come in with another group of passenger . William be flood with relief . before he know what he 's do , he 's take she in he arm . they quickly pull apart . the fugitive look on , knowingly . end montage 73 . int . pennsylvania antislavery society - night harriet and William be alone , in mid-argument . harriet my sister 's in danger ! you tol 's I you have rescue she ! william still I say I would try , and we have ! she work in the brodess house . she 's be impossible to reach . harriet I can reach she ! william still I have tell you , it 's too dangerous to go back there . I forbid it ! harriet you forbid it ? do you know who I be ? William sigh , with exasperate affection . william still harriet , this be dangerous time . everyone be look for you ! harriet they look for mose ! ext . baltimore meeting hall - afternoon a large crowd of slaveholder , and lawmen be gather on the steep step . temper run high as the planter demand action . a mutton-chopp slave owner , gus vern , be speak . gus vern what 's go to be do about mose ?! this fiend be threaten we very existence ! slave owner they say he 's black as the night ! gus vern if he be a black , we would 'a catch ‘im . he 's one of that white abolitionist in blackface ! reveal gideon , amongst the crowd . ( continued ) 74 . slave owner I do not really care what he look like . my family have personally lose thousand of dollar worth of labor . mose must be stop now ! int . baltimore meeting hall - day Men in dark pants and expensive shoe , march towards the door ... ext . baltimore meeting house - continuous a group of politician in black coat and hat exit the door , and stand at the pillare entry . everyone quiet in anticipation as ... a local statesman come to the top of the stair , wave a telegraph in one hand . local statesman I have the result of the vote in congress , that you have be wait for . the fugitive slave Act have just be vote into law !! from now on , nowhere in this United States will a slave find safe harbor ! you be free to pursue you property , with the aid and protection of the law , wherever they may be ! ecstatic cheering drown out the local statesman . slaveholder throw hat in the air and smack each other 's back . now we see gideon , stand amongst they . as the crowd begin to disperse ... gideon see bigger Long stand in a alley . bigger jerk he chin to gideon . gideon push through the crowd and approach . ext . alley near baltimore meeting hall - afternoon gideon join bigger . gideon do you have news ? bigger long a slave out at vern 's farm hear a rumor that the gal that lead you slave off - one you lookin’ so hard for - be the slave they call mose . ( continued ) 75 . gideon ( he laugh ) mose be not a nigger and he certainly be not no woman . he 's a abolitionist in blackface . bigger long or maybe she 's a little black thing , bout so high , name harriet tubman . gideon I do not know no nigger name harriet tubman . bigger long what about araminta Ross ? gideon go still . he stunne . gideon impossible . there 's no conceivable ... he fall into think . bigger watch he process . bigger long my price just go up . gideon only if you find she . bigger long hear she 's hide out in Philadelphia . ext . brodess farm - dusk on harriet , at the edge of the property , face infuse with emotion as she look at she old home . lantern illuminate the window of the big house in the distance . stealthily , she make she way toward it . ext . brodess house - evening we can see Rachel and eliza move about inside . harriet hide in the bush and watch as Rachel come downstairs with a tray . she look beat and frail . harriet take in she sister 's fragile appearance with pain . she throw a pebble at the kitchen window . ( continued ) 76 . Rachel look out . harriet step from the shadow . Rachel 's eye go wide . she back away .... a few moment later , Rachel quietly open the front door and slip out . harriet pull she to the side of the house . they speak in whisper . Rachel be terrify . rachel minty , why you here ? harriet touch she sister 's face , angry tear welling . harriet come wit I . rachel minty ... massa gideon a miz eliza be full a the devil since you a de boy run off . dey take my baby ; will not tell I where dey be . dey know I will not go nowhere t’out my chil 'ren . harriet we will find ‘em , Rachel , I promise . my network will find ‘em a bring ‘em up north . but you get to come wit I now . rachel I cai not . I will not . from inside , we hear eliza 's voice . eliza ( 0.s. ) Rachel ! harriet I be not leavin 's you . harriet pull out the colt . Rachel look at it , defiant . rachel I be not leavin 's my baby . you try a force I , I will scream . eliza ( 0.s. ) Rachel !! where be you ? get up here ! Rachel back away from she . harriet wait ... what about Mary , Robert 's wife ? she still here ? ( continued ) 77 . rachel she find another man , minty . he a slave at luther grant 's farm . she stay wit he night . minty be shake by this . Rachel look at she with wounded scorn . rachel ( cont 'd ) do not you judge she , minty . do not you dare judge we ! we do what we have to do , to stay sane . cai not everybody run . Rachel turn and slip back into the house . harriet stand there a moment , devastate , then she duck into the shadow . ext . wood - night harriet be on she knee , praying . harriet Lord , I need you watch over my sister and she chil 'ren till I can bring ‘em to freedom . protect she , Lord . do not let ‘em hurt she worse . she rock back and forth , in a religious trance . gradually she become aware that someone be watch she . she look up to find ... walter , not far away . he 's still get a scar over he eye , where gideon hit he with the gun . harriet stand , gun raise . the two size each other up . walter you the one they call mose . harriet you askin 's I , or tellin’ I ? walter I want to offer my service . harriet what service that be ? ( continued ) 78 . walter I can do most any job , a to Z. know the wood a river round here and most the folk in ‘em . name 's walter . harriet 's eye be unfocus , try to see he with she '' top eye . '' harriet why should I trust you , walter ? walter most folk definitely should not . i'11 explain why you should ... we hear men 's voice , dog . walter ( cont 'd ) but right now , we gotta go . walter whistle . we hear a whinny in the distance . a few moment later , the black horse come run . walter get on and pull harriet up . they gallop off . ext . wood - night walter and harriet gallop through the tree . we see the flicker of lantern , as patrol comb the wood . a vigilante foot patrol be directly ahead -- walter ride right through they , send they diving out of the way . harriet stick out a foot and kick another as they pass . dog run after the horse , bark . foot patrol stop they ! thieve ! he aim a shotgun and fire . gunshot rip into the tree around they . harriet turn and fire back . they gallop on , escape into the night . ext . river - night harriet get off the horse near the bank of a river . she give a throaty owl hoot . a river man come out of hide and push he raft from the reed . five fugitive come out of hide behind he . harriet turn to walter . ( continued ) 79 . harriet so ... why should I trust you ? walter I just save you life , not for the first time . I have like to go on save it . harriet what you want in return ? walter usually I work for wage , but I figure , since you talk to God - and seem like he talk back - maybe you could introduce we . I get some explain to do . harriet grin . she look up . harriet God , meet walter . ( then ; sincerely ) walter , go wit God . she jump on the raft with the other . ext . philadelphia - jasper 's dock - day jasper dock he vessel . harriet , disguise as a black jack , jump from the deck . several black crowd the dock , carry they belonging . a man call up to jasper . man this boat goin’ north ? jasper goin 's back to Baltimore . disappointed , the man start away . harriet stop he . harriet wait ! what 's get everybody so rile up ? man they pass the fugitive slave Act ! save yourself ! harriet and jasper exchange a look of alarm . jasper we have to head north now ! ( continued ) harriet not without my brother ! jasper grab she arm . jasper harriet ! harriet wait for I ! I '’11 be back ! she pull away from he and push through the crowd . begin pull people onto he boat . ext . philadelphia - street harriet hurry through street , which be a mass of confusion . Black family rush past with all they possession in cart . 80 . jasper in the center of town William still stand on a makeshift platform , with a group of abolitionist . william still fugitive , beware ! there be slave hunter in we midst ! Congress have pass the fugitive slave Act , allow slave-hunter to pursue slave in any state in the Union , and obliging law enforcement to turn over fugitive ! prepare to fight or flee north to Canada ! William spot she and jump from the platform , fight he way to she . william still ( cont ’d ) harriet ! thank God you be safe ! I send five man look for you ! you have to go north to Canada immediately . I put you family on the last train with douglass . he ’1ll get they to the border . harriet be weak with relief . harriet thank you ! william still you must leave now . i’11l arrange a carriage . ( continued ) 81 . harriet I all stay and fight . Long as my family safe . still take she shoulder . william still harriet , you life be in danger . brodess will come look for you here . for the sake of the network , you must go ! shaken , harriet nod . harriet I will be at the dock in 15 minute . I have to say goodbye to Marie . william still hurry . William move back to the platform . harriet watch , stunne , as a small mob of vigilante storm the crowd , clash with the abolitionist . it quickly become violent . ext . rooming house - day some thug have station themselves in front . harriet duck around back ... int . rooming house - day harriet slide in a back door . we hear sound of a violent scuffle , come from upstairs . harriet pull she gun and creep up the stair ... int . rooming house - upstair marie , face bruise and bleed , be hold down by the huge figure of bigger Long . gideon step into view . gideon just tell we where harriet tubman be . marie buchanon she 's go ! you miss she . Heard she go south . but you will not catch she . she 's too smart ! God have plan for she . ( continued ) 82 . gideon what plan be that ? marie buchanon would not you like to know , cracker ?! bigger slap she hard , snap she head . she catch a glimpse of ... harriet , hide around the corner , gun aim at bigger . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) but she have to live long enough to do God 's will . she know that ; she 's smart . gideon glare at she . he shoot a look to bigger . gideon she 's not here . let 's go . gideon exit and run downstairs . Marie glare at bigger . marie buchanon what you wait for , traitor ? massa hollare , better jump . bigger kick Marie in the head - a deadly blow ! as he thunder down the stair ... harriet take aim and start after he . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) do not make I a liar ... harriet drop the gun down and go to Marie . she stroke she face . Marie look at she with one good eye . marie buchanon ( cont ’d ) God 's get plan for you . lead ‘em ... harriet I will not leave you . with she last strength , Marie push she away . marie buchanon go! Marie fall back , dead . grief -stricken , harriet tear herself away from she friend and rush out . 83. ext . jasper 's dock - day terrify black family crowd the dock , some with everything they own , other with nothing - uproot they life to move to Canada . all the boat be full of passenger . William still look anxiously for harriet as jasper try to block more frantic people from come onboard . jasper no more ! we be full up ! a old man with a long white beard and strike eye , JOHN brown , stand on a rise , preaching fire and fury . JOHN brown do not run ! stay and fight ! in the name of GOD , you have the right to be free ! several armed men guard he , while he son and supporter hand out pamphlet to the crowd . his pierce eye meet harriet 's . JOHN brown ( cont 'd ) stay and fight ! GOD be on you side ! for a moment harriet be mesmerize , want to stay and avenge Marie 's death . she do not see ... gideon and bigger push through the crowd , elbow they way to she -- William see they and call to she . william still harriet ! harriet turn and lock eye with gideon . he pull out a gun ... one of Brown 's man slam into gideon , smack the gun in the air . it fire ! chaos -- people duck and run . John Brown 's man face off against gideon and he crew , shotgun raise . William reach harriet and push she to the boat . william still ( cont ’d ) get on the boat ! now ! harriet Marie ... that bastard kill she ! ( continued ) 84 . jasper pull harriet aboard , shouting to he first mate to set sail . as the boat pull away , harriet take in the scene ... the desperate face of that leave behind , John Brown 's fury ... William 's stricken face ... her eye meet gideon 's ... gideon tip he hat . it 's not over . ext . boat - day jasper put a arm around harriet . jasper it 's alright . you safe now . harriet 's eye swim with tear . a pamphlet be clench in she hand . it read : JOHN brown , abolitionist . join the fight for freedom ! ext . boat - river - day as the sail catch wind and the boat speed on ... slow dissolve to : ext . ST . catherine 's - CANADA - day - 1851 a small rural enclave of displace black and runaway slave . int . ross cottage - ST . catherine 's - day in the small , well - keep kitchen , 8 pie cool on a counter . harriet take a pot from the stove and pour hot fruit into a crust ... suddenly she 's seize by a formidable sense of dread . she collapse to the floor . the hot berry mixture splashes , stain the floor like blood . as harriet lie on the floor , a scene of tragedy play itself out before she eye , we hear reverend GREEN 's voice ... reverend GREEN ( over ) dear harriet and family , it break my heart to write you with such sad news , but I be oblige to keep you inform about you family still in bondage . 85 . int . ross cottage - later harriet sob in Robert 's arm , with Henry , Jane and junyah nearby . Jane stroke she head as reverend Green 's voice continue ... reverend GREEN ( over ) you sister , Rachel , have go to meet that good friend of the slave , the angel of death . I be content that she have find peace at last . I pray for she child . int . carriage - day on harriet , awash in grief , eye turn inward . reverend GREEN ( over ) your with affection and sorrow , reverend Samuel Green . ext . seward estate - auburn NY - 1851 carriage arrive at the secluded estate in the rural and remote upstate town . armed guard greet the guest , both black and white . we recognize member of the Underground railroad . harriet be help from a carriage by a guard . she 's dress in all black , wear she grief like a gild mantle . it 's become she superpower . William still rush to meet she . william still harriet ! he embrace she deeply , hold she tight . william still ( cont ’d ) I be so terribly sorry about you sister . the look in she eye chill he bone . harriet I fail they , William . we fail they . a silver - haire white man in he 50 's , senator seward , hurry over to be introduce . ( continued ) 86 . william still harriet , this be Senator William seward . senator seward miz tubman , it 's a honor to welcome you to my home . ( take she in ) my condolence . how can I help ? harriet allow herself to be lead inside . int . seward estate - MAIN house - day the main floor be crowded with Committee member , include douglass , garrett , Sydney Howard Gay , Lewis napoleon and John clay , plus many abolitionist . douglass greet she warmly . int . seward estate - MAIN house - later the Committee stand around a map of the United States and Canada . sydney howard gay 500 mile from the mason - dixon line to Canada - a unimaginable distance . JOHN clay slave catcher be monitoring all the northbound travel . God help the man without free papers . I have read of freedman be pull from train as far north as New bedford and Boston . william still how be we go to get we passenger from the southern farm and plantation all the way to the canadian border ? the room fall into depressed silence . frederick douglass we can not keep try to outrun they . John Brown be right . we have to fight . the only way to make the fugitive slave Law a dead letter be to make half a dozen or more dead slave catcher ! that will cool they ardor ! william still perhaps civil war be we only hope . harriet look at they , incredulous . ( continued ) she walk she look she look 87 . harriet we cai not just give up and wait for war . we gotta get back to work , bring slave to freedom . by train , carriage , horseback - by foot if necessary ! william still harriet , it 's 600 mile from maryland to the canadian border . you longest trip so far have be 100 mile . it would take month , not week . you can not -- harriet I be not givin’ up rescue slave because it 's far ! around the room , look people in the eye . harriet ( cont 'd ) many a you do not know slavery first hand . you be bear free , or maybe you be free so long , you forget what it 's like . at douglass . harriet ( cont 'd ) you get comfortable and important ... at William . harriet ( cont 'd ) «+.- you get beautiful home , and beautiful wife .... ( she look around the room ) but I remember - chil 'ren beat for not workin’ , when dey too young to understand what work be . Girls rape before dey first blood . Brothers whipped , till dey back in ribbon ... sister sell way from dey baby . tryin 's not to think a what dey go through ... what that still enslave be goin’ through right now ! I have hear they groan and sigh , and see they tear , and I would give every drop of blood in my vein to free ‘em ! harriet be on fire , enraged . ( continued ) 88. harriet ( cont 'd ) so I be not givin’ up ! I ’ma do whatever I get to , go wherever I get to , however I get to do it - to rescue as many slave as possible , till dis beast , dis monster call slavery be slain dead ! the crowd be shocked into silence . a beat ... then they break into applause . JOHN clay if she can do it , I certainly can . my passenger await I ! thomas garrett as do mine . lewis napoleon mine too ! sydney howard gay we will have to establish a network through the northern state all the way to the border . it will take time . but it can be do . applause and shout of renew determination from the crowd . harriet 's eye meet William 's . ext . upstate new york - 1853 - day harriet lead a group of exhaust passenger through rough and rocky terrain . it 's gorgeous , but miserable . a young woman stumble . harriet pull she to she foot . harriet c'mon , we almost there . wide angle - as harriet lead the group across a rocky ledge . ext . seward estate - day William still gallop on horseback , fuel with urgency . 89 . int . seward estate - MAIN house a meeting of the Committee be in progress . it 's just the core group , mostly black , plus Senator seward and a few hardcore abolitionist . William burst in . william still where 's harriet ?! thomas garrett good God , friend ! what be it ? harriet walk into the room . William 's relief be palpable . william still John clay have be capture in maryland ! everyone react , they worst nightmare come true . william still ( cont ’d ) harriet , they know you identity . who know what else he give up . we must assume everything . we have to go dark while we assess the damage . on harriet ponder this . harriet poor John ... William continue talk , but he voice be lose under the eerie sound of insect ... harriet fall slowly , almost gracefully to the floor . the other surround she as she twitches and spasm . ext . seward estate - guest house - later - night a more modest house on the property . lantern illuminate the window . int . seward estate - guest house - night William still and harriet be mid-argument . william still when be you go to tell we ? harriet I think you know . ( continued ) 90 . william still ( exasperate ) that my star conductor have seizure ? I do not ! good God ! it 's a miracle you be still alive . ( beat ) well , it 's over . with clay capture ... harriet ... you need I more than ever . william still harriet , every slave - catcher in maryland be look for you . if they catch you , whatever they do to clay , they 's 1l do worse to you . you can not ... ( catch himself . ) Senator seward have offer you this home on he property , for you and you family . you will be protect here . you can be a stationmaster . harriet I be a conductor . william still I will not have you capture and kill . I be remove you from the network . harriet I get my own network . i’11 team up with John Brown . he 's ... william still mad ? harriet fearless . william still I can not lose you . harriet you tol 's you wife that ? william still do not be cruel . harriet you de cruel one . william still if I have meet you first ... ( continued ) 91 . harriet I be not you type . william still how could you be ? I never dreamt God make such creature . harriet be move . they stand close to each other , the air electric between they , dwelling for a moment in intoxicating possibility ... before reality sober they . harriet you should ... william still yes , I suppose I should . please be safe . the movement need you , harriet . goodnight . harriet goodnight , William . William go to the door . harriet go upstairs . int / ext . guest house - bedroom - moment later harriet watch from the window as William linger outside the front door . he look up at she window , meeting she eye for a long beat , then he turn and stride off into the night . tear pool in harriet 's eye . we see William 's daguerreotype on the desk , next to the carve figurine of she father . int . guest house - bedroom - late night harriet be asleep in bed . we float down on she ... suddenly , harriet 's eye open . intercut ... int . ben' cabin - thompson be mill - harriet' vision - the wooden figure on she father 's shelf be light by torchlight , come from outside ... the shadowy figure of men outside the window ... harriet 's eye be wide with fear -- 92 . int . guest house - bedroom - near dawn harriet be up , dress quietly , tucking the revolver at she waist . she grab the figurine of she father . int . rev . green' church - dorchester county - day rev Green be give a sermon to a small gather of local black . walter enter the church and slide into a pew next to a old woman in a bonnet ... it 's harriet . he whisper . walter you daddy bout to be arrest for harbor a group of fugitive head to dover . one of ‘em get catch and confess . they on they way to arrest you daddy now ! harriet and walter slip out of the church . rev Green watch they leave , make the sign of the cross . ext . rev . green' church - day harriet and walter come out . harriet you build what I ask for ? walter Close as I could . he gesture to he horse , rig with something like a sled tip at a angle with a board for a seat . ext . BEN 's cabin - thompson be mill - afternoon harriet approach . on a rock chair outside we can see rit , knead she hand as she rock . closer - too much grief , abuse and worry have take they toll . she seem a old woman , frail of body and mind . suddenly the chair be grab from behind , a hand slap over she mouth . rit 's eye go wide in terror . behind she , harriet whisper ... ( continued ) 93. harriet mama , it 's minty . do not scream . I come to git you . we go 's git daddy too . I ’ma let go , but you cai not scream , alright ? rit nod , tear of hope in she eye . harriet let go and turn rit to face she . rit scream , fall to she knee . rit oh , sweet Jesus , take I !! I be ready to go . take I home ! I wanna see my daughter ! I wanna see my baby ! harriet mama , I be no angel come to take you to heaven . it 's minty , come to take you North . harriet take off the bonnet from head and pull she mother to she foot . rit study she daughter 's face , spellbound . rit you be not my minty . my minty jus a plain gurl . if you not a angel , what be you ? harriet I be harriet tubman , mama . I be mose . rit 's eye widen . harriet hug she , bury she cry . harriet ( cont 'd ) that 's right , I be mose , the slave stealer . I need you to come wit I , a do exactly as I say . where 's daddy ? ext . thompson 's mill - late afternoon Ben be down by the waterfall , repair a damage chunk of stone and mortar . a pebble hit he on the shoulder . he look up ... harriet be hide amongst the tree . she reveal herself , gesture to he frantically . harriet daddy ! Ben climb up the fall towards she . 94 . ext . wood near mill fall - late afternoon - moment later Ben embrace she . he dare a look at she , for the first time since she escape . BEN minty ! I can not pull my eye away . I need to look at ’ya . ( tear in he eye ) it 's good to see you , gurl . he wrench he eye away . BEN ( cont ’d ) who you come for ? harriet you , daddy . you be harbor fugitive ? he look at she , surprised she know . harriet ( cont 'd ) one of ‘em get cau ght and talk . they come for you . we gotta go right now ! ext . wood outside thompson be mill - dusk harriet and Ben join walter at the cart , where he 's strapping rit into the rig . rit Ben ! we minty 's mose ! one everyone carryin’ on bout . he get into the cart beside she and pat she hand . BEN I know . harriet I ’ma take you north to see Robert and Henry and junyah . but first I need you and daddy to go wit walter to rev Green 's church . you will be safe there . through the wood , they can see men with torch in the distance approach Ben 's cabin . harriet ( cont 'd ) hurry . then meet I at brodess farm . ( continued ) 95 . walter yes , boss . walter get on the horse and drive off . int . brodess farm —- bedroom —- dusk eliza lie in bed , in the throes of a anxiety attack , stress and financial burden have take they toll , gideon sit by she bed , stroking he mother 's hair . a pitifully thin slave girl , Rachel 's daughter , anger , 8 , bring in a tray , balance the pot and cup carefully . she go to tip some drop of laudanum into the tea . eliza no more . I do not want it ! gideon it 's for you nerve , mother . eliza I do not want it ! she knock the tray from anger 's hand , spilling the scalding tea , the pitcher shatter on the floor . anger silently bend to pick up the break china . eliza ( cont 'd ) that girl be try to poison I . she blame I for she mother ... they be all conspire against we . gideon 's eye catch anger 's , she expression unreadable . gideon mama , you be just anxious . eliza I be suffocating in this place . it 's like a prison where I be await my execution , surround by hostile , black - face guard . we hear a banging at the door ... gideon and eliza exchange a look . gideon go to the window . a group of men stand below in the yard . gideon give he mother a look of quiet alarm and run out . eliza get up , push past anger to the window . 96 . ext . brodess house - dusk Gus vern and other planter we have see at slaveholder meeting stand at the door . Gus bang again . gus vern gideon ! gideon open the door and face the mob . gus vern ( cont ’d ) you and you mother need to come with we . we gotta discuss this mose business , and what you intend to do about it . gideon my mother 's not well . but eliza come down behind he , pull on a cloak . ext . wood - night we see a circle of torch ... a large group of planter be gather in the wood , include vern . the mood be dangerous . eliza and gideon be in the center of the circle . gus vern see as how mose have be discover to be a nigger girl from you farm , we think it 's only appropriate that you pay we restitution for we lose property . gideon we do not have that kind of money ! we be go through hard time , like the rest of you . planter then you go 's have to sell the farm ! eliza no ! eliza be fierce , eye glitter with tear of rage . it 's a performance , and she know she life depend on it . eliza ( cont 'd ) we be victim of this diabolical nigger just like you be ! she run off with 5 of we best slave ! we crop be meager . ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . eliza ( cont 'd ) we fortune all but go ! my livelihood - my very health - have be ravage . we be victim like you ! we need to work together to find this thief and burn she at the stake like Joan of Arc ! angry cheer from the planter . eliza ( cont 'd ) if we work together , we can catch she . I have a plan ... she 's get they attention . eliza ( cont 'd ) I all put she sister 's child up for auction . we will post notice everywhere . harriet tubman will come to rescue she niece and we will be wait for she !! the planter cheer this plan . she 's win they over . gideon look at he mother with admiration . she meet he eye . ext . brodess house - same harriet sneak up to the house and slip inside . int . brodess house - becky 's bedroom - night anger stand on a stool , comb Becky 's hair . Vincent and Victor stand in the doorway , drunk and surly . vincent where 's mama ? anger out wit massa gideon . Vincent and Victor look at each other in confusion . victor she go out ? at night ? vincent ( to anger ) girl , go get we some brandy from the storeroom ! on harriet , with the colt revolver , at the other doorway . harriet I get a better idea . ( continued ) 98 . the boy turn . vincent hey ! it 's -- harriet point the gun in they face . Becky scream . anger look at harriet in terror . harriet ( to anger ) do not be scared , anger . I be you mama 's sister . we family . anger run to harriet , cling to she dress . harriet ( cont 'd ) where you brother , anger ? anger Trader carry ' im off . dey kep we lock out in de smoke house , on ’y let we out to bury mama , de de trader take ‘im . harriet take this in , gun aim at the brodess kid . int . brodess farm - outhouse - same foxx be on the shitter . the door slam open . walter have a gun point in foxx 's face . foxx who the hell be you ? walter call I whatever you want , that 's what you white folk do . int . brodess house - becky 's bedroom - minute later anger aim the colt with shaking hand while harriet finish gag and tie the three kid to the bed with strip of bed -sheet . harriet take the gun from anger and aim at the helpless kid , rage in she eye . harriet this for my sister and she son . she fire !! ( continued ) 99 . the brodess kid be wild - eye , cry , the floor at they foot splinter by the gunshot . pee spread on Vincent 's trousers . harriet look at they , cooly . harriet ( cont 'd ) give you mother and brother my regards . she pick up anger and hurry off . ext . brodess farm - night harriet come run out with anger . walter head they off . the dog sound the alarm in they kennel . harriet where 's foxx ? walter tied up in the shitter . let 's go ! harriet look to the slave cabin . harriet wait a minute . she sing , go down mose ... one phrase be all it take . several slave peek they head out from they cabin . walter we be gonna need a bigger cart . ext . wood - night walter and harriet be on the horse . two slave women be squeeze in the cart , anger between they . two men run alongside . a very light - skinned slave dash from the wood in front of the cart . tilly 's eye be desperate . tilly wait ! take I with you ! please ! my massa tryin kill I . walter look at she , perplex . walter we definitely gonna need a bigger cart . 100 . int . brodess house - becky 's bedroom - night eliza open the bedroom door and see she three child tie to the bed and gag . she scream and faint -- the child look at they mother in dismay . gideon appear behind she . gideon goddammit !! ext . road - near dawn gideon and a large group of lawmen and planter have gather - some on horseback , some on foot - include Gus vern , bigger Long , atwood and other slaver , sheriff ned utley , marshal , deputy and Police . all heavily armed and out for blood . sheriff ned utley we will break into team and cover this whole area , from bucktown to Cambridge . I want law enforcement in each group . the letter of the Law must be obey and every precaution take to bring this dangerous wench in alive , so she can face she full punishment ! I know some of you be itching to have a chance at she ; to make she pay for what she do to you fortune and family . Rest assure , she will be try and execute by the harshest method available , as dictate by the law of the State of maryland ! the crowd cheer , some grumble too , as the man break into group . gideon bigger and atwood , come with I ! let 's pay a early visit to rev Green ! the poss split up and gallop off . ext . road - daybreak a cover freight wagon approach up the road . a single driver steer the horse . walter step in front of it , two gun point at the driver . the driver put he hand up in panic . 101 . int . rev . green' church —- morning rev Green watch wearily as gideon 's posse ransack he church once again . the storeroom be empty . rev Green manage to look indignant and vindicate . gideon 's frustration be evident . he spot a pamphlet on the floor , pick it up . gideon look what we have here - a copy of uncle Tom 's cabin . you be in possession of ban abolitionist material , reverend . deputy , arrest this man ! as the deputy handcuffs Green , he eye meet gideon 's , defiant and smug . ext . road - day a slender white man drive the freight wagon with haste . the horse seem skittish and uneasy . it 's the light - skinned slave , tilly , wear walter 's clothes , skin ash - whiten , kinky hair jamme under a hat . in the back - the wagon be fill with ear of corn , move mysteriously as the wagon bounce along . ext . bridge - day heavily guard by lawmen . pedestrian have gather to watch the inevitable capture , the air alive with excitement . sheriff ned utley they gonna have to come this way . we get every other way block off . ext . road - near bridge - same the cover wagon bounce towards the bridge , tilly , nervous as a cat , slow the horse to a trot . tilly I be gonna wet myself ! harriet coaches she , voice muffle beneath the corn . harriet you know you massa better than de line in you hand . be he . ( continued ) 102 . tilly steel she courage and drive the horse towards the bridge , do she best to channel she master as the wagon approach the roadblock of lawmen . tilly ( lower voice ) gentlemen , good day . what 's all this ? a lawman step forward . lawman slave stealer on the loose . that devil mose . we get a surprise for she . tilly I hope you catch that bitch and hang she , fer mine git any idea . any of ‘em even breathe that name on my farm , I 'il beat ‘em into Sunday . do not let none of ‘em past the gate - not anymore . strange time , when a man can not trust he own slave . best o’ luck to you . tilly start forward . the lawman stop she . lawman we be go 's have to check the cart , sir . sorry to inconvenience you . tilly freeze , in sirupy terror . the sheriff stride over , scrutinize tilly , something troubling he . sheriff ned utley you related to luther grant ? tilly , who be , give a shaky and ironic smile . tilly yes , sir . he 's my daddy . the sheriff laugh . he put a foot up on the side of the wagon . sheriff ned utley think I see the resemblance ! you tell you daddy he owe I a whiskey ! tell he ned utley have not forget . with all this corn , he should be able to afford it ! y’all have a nice day ! he wave they through . tilly you too , sheriff . ( continued ) 103 . tilly tip she hat and drive the cart over the bridge . ext . deserted road - minute later harriet and walter , in tilly 's dress , uncover the rest of the freedom seeker , who emerge from the corn , stretch cramped limb . harriet pull corn silk from anger 's hair . Ben rub rit 's shoulder . tilly , weak with nerve , lean over she knee , try not to vomit . ext . bridge - day gideon and he posse ride up . gideon bristle as the lawmen chat and smoke . he approach the sheriff . gideon any sign of they ? sheriff ned utley not yet . just the usual foot and horse traffic and a few farmer . luther grant 's son come by with a freight wagon full of corn . a good yield , by the look of it . gideon look puzzle . gideon luther grant 's son ? sheriff ned utley that 's right . look just like ‘im . gideon and bigger exchange a look . gideon pull he aside . gideon luther grant be not get a son . get 5 daughter and a nigger girl look just like he . bigger by the time this cracker figure out she get past ‘em , she will be long go . we know she 's head north . we can find she , collect the reward for ourselves . maybe get you some time alone with she , employ a looser interpretation of the law . gideon give he a nod . they slip away . 104 . ext . riverfront - day harriet , she family , and the freedom - seeker be huddle in a small grove of tree by the waterfront . Ben be asleep hold anger on he lap . harriet stroke she mother 's hair . rit tell I , one mo 's time . harriet ( speak softly ) Senator seward sell I a nice house on he property - big enough for everybody . you and daddy , Robert , Henry , junyah and Jane , and anger too . we go 's be together . a no massa forcin’ we to do nothin’ . I be go 's spoil you and take care a you . I love you , mama . tear run down rit 's cheek . she grip harriet 's hand . rit I love you too , minty . a boat glide into view . walter wave from the deck . ext . country road by the river - same the freight wagon be abandon by the side of the road , the horse eat grass . over it we see ... gideon and bigger riding up . the wagon be clearly empty . gideon they ditch it ! gideon search the treeline , bigger gallop ahead . ext . waterfront - same harriet hand anger up to walter and help the last of the freedom - seeker onto the boat . as she prepare to climb aboard ... she feel the familiar flutter in she chest , she whole body buzzing with it ... danger . harriet get everyone below deck . ( continued ) 105 . walter hustle the family below . harriet go to the edge of the tree and peek out ... in the distance we see ... bigger gallop towards they , gideon in the distance . harriet duck back into the tree and dash for the boat . harriet ( cont 'd ) hurry , get ‘em out of here ! we get company . walter reach a hand to pull she up . walter alright , let 's go ! she take a step back . harriet walter , promise I you will get anger and my parent to safety . walter why ? what be you --? harriet I can not have gideon come after ‘em , walter ! if you want to help I , help my family . get ‘em to safety ! promise I ! a beat . walter nod . he unty the boat and push off . ext . wood near river - day harriet emerge from the tree-line and step into the road , wait for they to notice she . ext . wood near river -— on gideon - spot she tiny figure in the distance . he shout to bigger . gideon there she be ! get she ! harriet dash away from the river . gideon and bigger gallop after she ... 106 . ext . wood near river - moment later gideon and bigger search the wood . they have lose she . gideon put a finger to he lip . gideon I want she alive . bigger nod . they split up . ext . rocky terrain - day harriet scramble up a rock face , breathe hard . below she bigger ride into view ... he see she and draw he gun . she duck as he fire ! a bullet hit the rock . ext . wood - same gideon react to the gunfire , riding in the direction of the sound -- ext . rocky terrain on harriet - crouched against the rock , gun aim -- firing !! bigger 's hat fly off he head . damn close , but not close enough . as harriet frantically reload she revolver , bigger aim at she with murderous rage . bigger long you go die bitch . gunfire -- bigger fall forward and slide off he horse , shot in the head . on gideon - emerge from the wood behind he , rifle smoking . gideon I say I want she alive . gideon 's Pov - as harriet scramble down the rock , swinging herself onto bigger 's horse ... gideon ( cont 'd ) minty ! ( continued ) 107 . harriet take off . gideon gallop after she , horse 's hoove thunder past bigger 's dead body . ext . wood - day gideon chase harriet through the wood , up a incline , both riding hard . at a distance , she look back at he ... gideon I be come for you , minty ! ext . woody plateau - late afternoon gideon emerge onto a wood plateau , starkly beautiful in the late afternoon light . bigger 's horse be graze some distance away , riderless . gideon look around . no sign of harriet ... gideon minty ! suddenly she appear behind he , colt revolver point at he head . harriet toss you gun . easy . gideon slowly remove he rifle and toss it to the ground at she foot -- quickly draw a revolver from he holster -- harriet shoot the gun from he hand ! gideon howl in pain , a fleshy hole by he thumb . harriet ( cont 'd ) off the horse . gideon slide from he horse , cradling he bloody hand . he face she , breathe hard . the two of they only yard apart , the close they have be since the day she jump from the bridge . she tuck she revolver at she waist , pick up he rifle and train it on he . harriet ( cont 'd ) on you knee . he sink to he knee , look up at she , tooth clench in pain . ( continued ) 108 . gideon it do not have to end like this , minty . you could 'a stay with we , if you only know how to behave . but you be so damned insolent . unruly and untamed . I guess that 's what I like about you . and you like I too , I know you do . you pray over my bed , when I be sick . you ask God to make I well . she look at he with something like empathy . harriet I ask God how a sickly little boy could think he own I . gideon 's eye turn hard . gideon I do own you , minty . even now , you be mine . you be just a damn runaway . harriet I be never yours , gideon . I be never nobody 's property ! that be a lie you tell yourselves . since the day you daddy sell my sister I pray for God to make I strong enough to fight , and that 's what I have pray for ever since ! I reason there be one of two thing I have a right to , liberty , or death . if I could not have one , I would have the other . gideon you know what they 'il do to you , when they finally catch you ? they 's 1ll tear you limb from limb , tar you and burn you alive ! even if I be not there to watch it , I can almost smell it now . like roasting pig . harriet remain unfaze . she level the rifle at he face . harriet but you will die right here . gideon flinch , wait for the gunshot ... but harriet lower the rifle , use it to gesture to the wood around they . ( continued ) 109 . harriet ( cont 'd ) on a freeze , blood - soak battlefield , the moan of a generation of young man in you ear , die in agony around you , for a lose cause . for a vile and wick idea ! for the sin of slavery ! can you hear they ? for a moment we hear the death - moan of a thousand man , in the aftermath of bloody defeat . gideon look spook , as if he can see they mangle body , stretch into the distance . he look back at harriet . harriet ( cont 'd ) God do not mean people to own people , gideon ! we time be near ! harriet toss the rifle , then turn and walk away , towards the graze horse . gideon watch she , tear welling in he eye . gideon you bitch ! you destroy my family ! harriet swing herself onto the horse 's back . she speak in the voice - it 's she own , maybe it always have be . harriet you try to destroy my family , but you can not . you try to destroy my people , but you will not . God have show I the future , and my people be free . my people be free ! gideon watch as harriet ride off , into the glare of the set sun . on harriet , face grim , eye turn inward ... we hear her voice from the open ... harriet ( over ) ( cont ’d ) now be we time ! be you ready to kill the snake ? a hundred soldier shout yes with passion . as we ... dissolve to : 110 . ext . combahee river - south CAROLINA - dawn - 1863 a gunboat , the JOHN adam , loom large in the background as dozen of rowboat row away from it . rowboat - black union troops onboard , row stealthily towards the shore . harriet stand in the prow of the lead rowboat , like a figurehead . ext . combahee river and plantation - daybreak as the sky breathes with light we can see the shore and tree - line . Beyond that , the distant plantation . harriet begin sing , in a loud commanding voice ... harriet WADE in the water , WADE in the water child ... WADE in the water , god' gonna trouble the water ! for a moment nothing change . then we see ... feet running as ... slave begin pour from the wood , run for the beach ... towards the armed black troops in the rowboat . hundred of slave , carry they child and meager belonging on they back , splash through churn water towards the boat and freedom ! they voice join hers , sing triumphantly ... harriet & slave ( over ) WADE in the water , WADE in the water child ! WADE in the water ! god' gonna trouble the water ! harriet watch from the lead rowboat , arm spread wide , tear stream . Soldiers raise they weapon , prepare to defend the slave or die try . they voice join harriet 's ... harriet , slave , soldier ( over ) who be that child all dressed in red ? god' gonna trouble the water ! must be the one that mose LED ! god' gonna trouble the water ! ( continued ) 111 . slaveholders and foremen race from the tree , weapon aim at the flee slave . the soldier take aim -- gunfire . ext . seward estate - harriet 's house - auburn , NY - day harriet 's voice continue , sing alone soulfully as ... harriet walk wearily to she house , on the seward estate . harriet ( over ) Wade in the water ... Wade in the water child ! Wade in the water ... God 's gonna trouble the water ! rit be sit outside on a rocker . she see harriet and scream . harriet 's family spill out into the yard , greeting she ecstatically . rit and Ben , Henry , Robert , he new wife and they child , junyah and Jane and they child , a teenage anger - family whose freedom she 's make possible . harriet ( over ) ( cont ’d ) God 's gonna trouble the water ! God be gonna trouble the water ! they pull she inside and close the door . coda : harriet tubman be the most famous conductor on the Underground railroad , help over 70 slave to freedom . after the ugrr disband at the start of the Civil War , harriet become a spy for the Union army . on June 2 , 1863 , harriet tubman lead 150 black Union soldier in the combahee River raid , freeing over 750 slave from the rice plantation . she be the only woman to lead a armed expedition during the entire Civil War , and one of the few woman to have do so in US history . after the Civil War , tubman remarry and dedicated she life to help impoverish former slave , the elderly and the woman 's suffrage movement . she die surround by love one on March 10 , 1913 , at approximately 91 year of age . her last word be , '' I go to prepare a place for you . ''