Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. 03/13/09 07/30/09 08/19/09 08/24/09 09/11/09 01/22/10 04/12/10 05/26/10 06/11/10 Green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buff ) ( chamois - UK ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( Havana - UK ) harry potter and the deathly hallow - part 1 screenplay by Steve klove base on the novel by j.k. Rowling Warner bros . prod. lt 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California d . 91522 final white draft January 21 , 2009 '' 2009 warner bros . ent . all rights reserved harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 1. fade in : title card - warner bros . present we push through the logo into a live , breathe DAILY prophet . grim headline sail past US : death . paranoia . a world at war . we zoom into a moving photograph of the Minister of Magic , rufus scrimgeour , stand in the ... int . ministry of magic - atrium - day «+. atrium of the Ministry of Magic , address a sea of ministry employees as reporter scribble intently . scrimgeour this be dark time , there be no deny . we world have perhaps face no great threat than it do today . but I say this to we citizenry : we , ever you servant , continue to defend you liberty and repel the force that would seek to take it from you . you Ministry remain strong ... camera favor a pair of wizard , yaxley and pius thicknesse , who turn away as we pull out of the photograph and sail once more through the turn page , the headline grow grimmer , the face more haunted , until , finally , we emerge from the Prophet and find it in the hand of ... int . granger home - hermione 's bedroom - late afternoon ( raining ) ... hermione . she stare stoically at a lurid headline -- muggle family murdered -- violence spread . mrs . granger ( 0.s. ) hermione . you tea be ready , dear . hermione glance through the doorway to the stair beyond . her mother' shadow cling to the wall , tremble within another shadow , that of a wind - tossed tree . it be strangely beautiful and hermione seem transfix ... hermione come , mum . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 2. continued : her mother 's shadow withdraw , leave only the tremble tree . hermione glance once more at the Prophet 's troubling headline , then slip it into a tiny bead bag . int . parlor - late afternoon ( moment later , raining ) as hermione descend the stair , mrs . granger exit the kitchen with a teapot . mrs . granger do not you look lovely . all pack ? hermione nod and watch she mother set the teapot on the table in front of the television . just then , mr. granger step out hold a biscuit tin . mr . granger be you sure this biscuit be sugar-free ? mrs . granger quite sure , dear . see the big bold letter that say ' sugar free 's ? Dead giveaway . mr . granger mm. yes. ( pass hermione ) hello , kitten . do not you look lovely . hermione smile wanly as she father give she a peck on the head , then join she mother on the sofa opposite the television . a australian wildlife program plays . television ( v.o . ) -+. the bandicoot have small point ear and a long snout from which it emit a distinctive trumpet sound when agitate ... mrs . granger darling , do not be suspicious the biscuit taste so good , be grateful the company 's so clever ... hermione look away from the screen , study she mother and father . slowly , she reach into the tiny bag and withdraw she wand . take two step forward , she point it toward the back of they head . Hand tremble , she speak , she voice barely a whisper : ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 3 . continued : hermione obliviate . Mrs. Granger 's face go briefly slack and she reach out , as if to break a fall , then , slowly , she hand drop , come to rest upon she husband 's . he blink once , blankly , and then ... enfold she finger in he . hermione lower she arm and , eye sting with tear , watch the photograph place about the room begin to change . one by one , hermione disappear from each . hermione Goodbye . ext . STREET - late afternoon ( moment later , raining ) clutch the bead bag , hermione move down the windswept street into the die light . we boom up to the sky , hold briefly , then boom down to ... ext . front yard ( the burrow ) - dusk +. ron , stare at the star . he drop he gaze to the house , study ginny and mrs . weasley , aglow in the light of the kitchen , watch they with affection , as if commit they to memory . his gaze shift to the adjacent shed . Inside , arthur weasley be bent over he workbench . int . shed - dusk ( moment later ) Mr. weasley fiddle with a SMALL radio . another half - dozen -- in various stage of repair -- stand in a line before he . ron what be that ? Mr. weasley turn , see ron stand in the doorway . arthur weasley Close the door . ron ease inside and step to the workbench . Mr. weasley turn the knob on the radio before he . static spit forth , then a voice come clear : ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 4 . continued : radio ( v.o . ) ++. come to we this evening from the north of England , where a wizard family by the name of westinburgh be find dead in they cellar . while not a member of the order , Mr. westinburgh and he wife have , on numerous occasion , provide shelter for its member ... Arthur switch off the radio . gesture to the other . arthur weasley this be for the order . so many be on the run now , it help they to stay connect with the rest of we . know they be not alone ... ron study he father 's weary face as the older man stare at he handiwork . place he hand upon he shoulder . ron C ’mon . mum 's get dinner ready . Arthur nod , push away from the bench and head out the door . ron linger briefly , study the radio , then follow he father into the night . we fade . the title card appear ... and we -- dissolve to : ext . night sky a scarlet moon . a speck -- a nightbird , or a bat -- frame in the moon 's surface , approach rapidly , then -- whoosh ! -- pass beneath . Far below , a sea of treetop shift eerily . ext . malfoy manor - night ( moment later ) we plummet through the shifting tree to a narrow moonlit lane . a shadow ripple across the ground like a kite make of water . a boot touch down upon the gravel lane , then another . a cape flutter slowly down upon the shoulder of a wizard , lank hair splay across he wind - blow collar . his head turn . moonlight strike he pale face . snape . move . up a wide drive , to a pair of wringht iron gate . Beyond , a large manor that have see better day . a rustling sound . snape wheel , draw he wand . ( continued ) 10 11 12 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 5 . continued : 9 a peacock , white as a ghost , emerge from the yew . snape eye it warily , then lift he hand . the iron gate turn to smoke . int . malfoy manor - entryway - night ( moment later ) 10 fracture in the prism of a diamond - pane window , snape approach . the front door glide open . as he enter , dark eye in torch - light portrait track he from above . int . hallway - night ( moment later ) 11 a door loom at the end of a hallway . reaching it , snape hesitates for a heartbeat , then enter . int . drawing room - same time - night 12 two dozen figure sit silently at a large ornate table , illuminate by the flicker light of a fireplace . snape study the scene , then he eye rise . revolving slowly near the ceiling , as if suspend by a invisible rope , be a unconscious woman ( charity burbage ) . voldemort severus . I be beginning to worry you would lose you way . come . I have save you a seat . voldemort grin , silhouett against the fire , and gesture to the seat nearest he own . all eye follow snape , all except draco malfoy , who nervously stare at the body above and a haggard lucius malfoy , who merely stare vaguely at he wand while he wife narcissa look straight ahead . voldemort you know we host , of course , severus . narcissa in particular have be most hospitable . lucius , on the other hand , be , I fear , burden by my presence . be you , lucius ? lucius my lord ? voldemort be you burden ? narcissa malfoy my lord be always welcome here . ( continued ) 12 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 6 . continued : 12 voldemort smile , he eye shifting to snape , who watch the great snake nagini as she slope slowly over the foot of that present , unnerve all . voldemort you bring news I trust , severus ? snape it will happen Saturday next . at nightfall . voldemort and this information come -- snape -- from the source we discuss . yaxley , the wizard see at the Ministry , lean into the flicker light from the opposite end of the table . yaxley I have hear differently , my lord . dawlish , the auror , let slip that the Potter boy will not be move until the thirtieth of this month , the night before he turn seventeen . snape this be a false trail . the auror Office no longer play any part in the protection of Harry Potter . that close to he believe we have infiltrate the Ministry . squat man well , they have get that right , then , ' ave not they ? as the squat man cackle wheezily , other join in . voldemort raise a hand . all go silent . voldemort pius , what say you ? pius thicknesse look up , he gaze placid . thicknesse one hear many thing , my lord . whether the truth be among they be not clear . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 7. 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 voldemort speak like a true politician . you will , I think , prove most useful , pius . where will he be take ? the boy ? snape to a safehouse . likely the home of someone in the order . I be tell it have be give every manner of protection possible . once there , it will be impractical to attack he . we may have compromise the Ministry , but there be that who remain loyal to he . as long as the Ministry stand , he ally within will have the mean at they disposal to insure he safety . bellatrix my lord , if I might , I have like to volunteer myself for this task . I would like to kill the boy . just then a wail rise from the floorboard . voldemort 's eye flash briefly with red . voldemort wormtail ! have I not speak to you about keep we guest quiet ? wormtail yes , m-my lord . right away , my lord . as wormtail scramble up , voldemort return he gaze to bellatrix . voldemort as inspiring as I find you bloodlust , bellatrix , I must be the one to kill Harry Potter . but I face a unfortunate complication . it have recently come to my attention that my wand and Potter 's share the same core . they be , in some way , twin . we can wound but not fatally harm one another . which mean , if I be to kill he ... I will have to do it with another 's wand . the other at the table stir nervously . bellatrix stiffen . voldemort 's narrow eye rake the room . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 12 continued : ( 3 ) voldemort come now . surely one of you would like the honor ? what about ... you , lucius ? lucius peer up , sallow and beat . 6/11/10 7a . ( continued ) 12 12 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 8. continued : ( 4 ) 12 voldemort I require you wand . lucius sit mute , paralyze by the request , scan the face of the other , who avoid he gaze , all but snape , who regards he with naked contempt and draco , whose eye meet he briefly , then glance away . finally narcissa 's finger lightly graze he wrist , summoning he back to the moment . turn , he watch as , almost imperceptibly , she nod . lower he head , he roll he wand slowly across the table , where it stop at voldemort 's skeletal hand . voldemort hold the wand to the light . voldemort do I detect elm ? lucius yes , my lord . voldemort and the core ? lucius Dragon -- dragon heartstring . voldemort nod , get a feel for the wand 's heft , then he eye shift , catch lucius stare at the wand on the table -- voldemort 's own . voldemort my wand ? you can not possibly think I would give you my wand . lucius 's eye meet voldemort 's . for a moment he be speechless . finally he chin drop . lucius no , my lord . voldemort study lucius 's bow head , then return he attention to the wand in he hand . raising it , he point it at the body above . with a flick , the body awaken , twitching against its invisible bond . voldemort for that of you who do not know , we be join tonight by miss Charity burbage who until recently teach at hogwart School of witchcraft and wizardry . her specialty be Muggle study . it be miss burbage 's belief that muggles be not so different from we . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 8a . continued : ( 5 ) 12 voldemort ( cont 'd ) she would , give she way , have we mate with they . to she , the mixture of magical and Muggle blood be not a abomination but something to be encourage . I , of course , take a contrary view . but we be all civilized here . all adult . we can agree to disagree . Charity 's tear -streak face revolve once more to face snape , she voice hoarse with fear . charity severus , please . we be friend ... snape 's face remain impassive . voldemort 's eye narrow to scarlet slit ... he voice hiss . draco watch a teardrop strike the table ... voldemort avada kedavra ! ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 9 . continued : ( 6 ) 12 GREEN light envelop the room . Charity plummet to the table , body still . voldemort ponder the wand , satisfied . voldemort nagini ... dinner . ext . privet drive - dusk 13 a blood -re sky hang over the neighborhood . int . dursley house - harry 's bedroom - same time - dusk 14 a eye shimmer in a shard of silvered glass . harry potter be eye . he toss the mirror inside a lumpy rucksack , than add a locket , a Daily Prophet clipping entitle '' dumbledore remember '' ( above which be a photograph of its author , elphias doge with dumbledore ) and a notebook fill with scribbling on horcrux and , in large block letter , the initial '' r.a.b . '' he give the rucksack a shake , then glance about to see if he 's forget anything . the room look as if it 's be bottled up and shake . dresser drawer turn out , floor cover in detritus . uncle vernon ( 0.s. ) come now , Dudley . hurry up ! Harry step to the window , peer to the driveway below . uncle vernon roll a large steamer trunk towards he car , follow by dudley , who tug a equally large trunk of he own . Harry speak to hedwig . harry time for the teary farewell . int . stairwell / front hallway - dusk ( moment later ) 15 Harry drop down the stair . the house feel barren , desolate . aunt petunia stand at the mouth of the kitchen , look around . see she , Harry come to a stop . aunt petunia I have live in this house twenty year . and now -- in a single night -- I be expect to leave . harry they 'il torture you . even Dudley . if they think you know where I be go , they 's 1ll stop at noth -- ( continued ) 15 16 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 10 . continued : 15 aunt petunia you think I do not know that ? you think I do not know what they be capable of ? her eye pierce Harry 's . aunt petunia you do not just lose a mother that night in godric 's hollow , you know . I lose a sister . Harry study she , take aback . harry do you have any ? Magic ? aunt petunia what a cruel thing to ask . ext . privet drive - dusk ( moment later ) 16 uncle Vernon test the strap bind the trunk to a small trailer hitched to the back of the dursley car , then squint awkwardly at Harry . uncle vernon well , this be goodbye then , boy . Harry , stand by the front door , nod , eye petunia , who sit in the front passenger seat , a ghost behind the glass . dudley I do not understand . be not he come with we ? uncle vernon who ? dudley Harry . uncle vernon absolutely not . dudley why ? uncle vernon well , because -- he do not want to , do you , boy ? ( continued ) 16 17 18 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 11 . continued : 16 harry absolutely not . besides , I be just a waste of space . be not that right , Vernon ? uncle Vernon stare hard at Harry . uncle vernon come on , Dudley , we be off . uncle Vernon start for the car . Dudley hesitates , then cross the lawn to Harry , extend he hand . dudley I do not think you be a waste of space . harry well ... thanks . Harry grip Dudley 's hand , then watch he cousin turn and lope back across the lawn . harry ( under he breath ) see you , Big D. int . dursley house - bottom floor - night ( moment later ) 17 Harry stand , rucksack over he shoulder , hedwig 's cage in hand . somewhere , nearby , a clock tick . otherwise , all be still . utterly quiet . he glance about the house , full of shadow , like ghost . his eye burn with bitterness . harry good riddance . his eye shift . the last ray of sunlight lay , like a stain , upon a SMALL cupboard door below the stair . he let the rucksack slip from he shoulder . set down the cage . int . cupboard underneath the stair - same time - night 18 the door open . Harry 's face appear . mote of dust dance before he eye . he peer into the shadow , into he past . a dead spider hang within a ancient web . a regiment of toy soldier -- break and drape with dust -- line a list shelf . as the SUN withdraw from the hallway , a tremor pass through Harry 's face and then ... ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 12 . continued : 18 a tremendous roar murder the silence , the roar of a motor bike . Harry straighten -- half - believe he 's dream it into existence -- and strike he head on the low door frame . int . hallway / kitchen - same time - night 19 Harry pelt down the dark hall as opaque shape race past the window . he trip past hedwig 's cage , send it wobbling and fling open the front door . ext . front door - continuous action - night 20 hermione fling she arm around Harry . ron give hima clap on the back . other emerge from the shadow : fred , GEORGE , bill , fleur , tonk , lupin , arthur weasley , mad - eye moody , kingsley shacklebolt and a small , dirty , hangdog man , mundungus fletcher . lastly , hagrid dismount a motorbike , strip a pair of fly -speck goggle from he face and yank a SMALL twittering bird from he beard . hagrid all righ 's , ' arry ? yeh look fit . mad -eye yeah , he 's ruddy gorgeous . what say we get undercover before someone murder he . int . sitting room / kitchen - night 21 everyone spill down the hallway into the sit room . harry I think you be look after the Prime Minister , kingsley . shacklebolt you be more important . Harry grin , then a tall , red-headed man ( bill weasley ) be before he , hand extend . his face be horribly scarree . bill hello , Harry . Bill weasley . fred be not always this handsome . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 13 . 21 continued : 21 GEORGE Dead ugly . bill ( smile ; to Harry ) true enough . owe it all toa werewolf by name of greyback . hope to repay the favor one day . fleur ( a kiss to the cheek ) you be still beautiful to I , William . lupin just remember , fleur , once you be marry : Bill take he steak on the raw side now . tonk my husband , the joker . by the way , wait until you hear the news ! remus and I be -- mad -eye all right , all right ! you will all have time for a cozy catch - up later ! we have get to get the hell out of here and soon ! moody drop some sack at he foot . turn to Harry . mad -eye Potter , you be underage , which mean you have still get the trace on you . harry the trace ? mad -eye you sneeze and the Ministry will know who wipe you nose . Point be , we have to use that mean of transport the trace can not detect : broom , thestral and the like . we will go in pair . that way if anyone 's out there wait for we -- and I reckon there will be -- they will not know which Harry Potter be the real one . harry the real one ...? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 moody draw a flask from he cloak . mad -eye I believe you be familiar with this particular brew . harry no ! absolutely not ! hermione ( a sigh ) I tell you he would take it well . harry if you think I be go to let people risk they life for I -- ron never do that before , have we ? harry this be different . take that . become I -- no. fred well , none of we really fancy it , mate . GEORGE yeah , imagine if something go wrong and we be stick as scrawny , specky git forever . mad -eye everyone here 's of age , Potter , and they have all agree to take the risk . mundungus technically , I have be coerce . ( turn to Harry and extend he hand ) mundungus fletcher , Mr. Potter . I have always be a huge admirer . mad -eye nip it , mundungus ! all right , Granger , as discuss . hermione grab a tuft of Harry 's hair -- yank . harry blimey , hermione ! ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 14a. 21 continued : ( 3 ) 21 mad -eye straight in here , if you please . ( continued ) 21 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 15 . continued : ( 4 ) 21 moody hold out the flask , un-stopper now . the potion inside begin to spit forth smoke . he hand it to George . mad -eye for that of you who have not take polyjuice potion before , fair warning . it taste like goblin piss . fred have a lot of experience with that , do you , mad - Eye ? moody 's eye rotate menacingly onto Fred . fred just try to defuse the tension . Fred take the flask from George , follow by ron , hermione , fleur and a less than overjoy mundungus . he scowl as the potion trickle past he lip and second later , he feature -- like that of the other -- begin to bubble like hot wax . as the transformation complete , seven Harry potter stand in the tiny kitchen . fred / GEORGE wow -- we be identical ! mad -eye not yet you be not . moody pull the tie on the sack and pull out seven identical outfit . GEORGE do not have something a bit more sporty , do you ? fred yes , do not fancy this color at all . mad - eye Fancy this : you be not you , so shut it and strip . ( to Harry ) you will need to change too , Potter . Harry , a bit self - consciously , begin to strip down . the other , meanwhile , appear unconcern to be expose Harry 's body . fleur Bill , look away -- I be ‘ideous . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 15a. 21 continued : ( 5 ) 21 ron ( smirk ) I know Ginny be lie about that tattoo . ( continued ) 21 22 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 16 . continued : ( 6 ) 21 hermione ( wobble a bit ) Harry , you eyesight really be awful . mad -eye blimey . I almost forget . mad - Eye rummages in he pocket , pull out a fistful of eye-glasses . mad -eye right then . we will be pair off . each Potter will have a protector . as for you , Harry ... all yes ? mad -eye the real Harry ! where the devil be you , anyway ? harry here . moody 's eye rotate onto the real Harry . mad -eye you will ride with hagrid . hagrid bring yeh here sixteen year ago when you be barely bigger than a bowtruckle . seem only righ 's I should be the one ter take yeh away . mad -eye yeah , it 's all very touch . let 's go . as they file out , grab he rucksack and ponder hedwig in she cage . he snap open the wire door and she flutter out , swoops down the hallway and soar out the open door . Harry glance once more down the hall , at the cupboard under the stair , then exit . he hold on hedwig 's empty cage . ext . privet drive - night 22 the other six harrys sit upon thestral and broom . hagrid sit astride a motorbike , goggle on . ( continued ) 22 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 16~a. continued : 22 as the real Harry appear , hagrid tap the sidecar and Harry drop in . mad -eye good luck , everyone . on the count of three . one ... two -- hagrid kick the motorbike to life , lurch forward . hedwig swoops upward and beat toward the greasy moon . ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 as hagrid roar into the sky , Harry twist round , watch one Harry Potter after another whip past , watch privet drive grow smaller , he eye sting in the wind , briefly lose in the moment , when ... ext . sky - same time - night 23 ... a disturbance fill the AIR . Harry turn away , look up . death eater drop from the cloud , surround the other . flash of GREEN light splinter the darkness . spark explode on the bike 's chassis and hagrid howl in fury . harry hagrid ! we have get to help the other ! hagrid can not do it , ‘arry . my job 's ter get you where we be goin 's safe and sound -- mad - Eye 's order ! before Harry can reply , four death eater jet out of the darkness , robe snap in the wind . as one , they wand rise . hagrid slam he hand onto a purple button . with a ear -shatter blast , the motorbike quiver and flame belch from the exhaust pipe . the death eater scream , robe afire , and pinwheel away , freefalling towards the earth . harry what be that ? hagrid Dragon fire ! more death eater swoop from the sky , give chase . hagrid dive , plummete for the ground , try desperately to shake they . Harry watch the earth rush towards they , grimace as the bike ... ext . motorway - continuous action - night 24 «+ . slam onto the asphalt and slalom wildly as hagrid ... int . tunnel - continuous action - night 25 ... roar into a tunnel , the death eater still in pursuit . hagrid lean wildly from side to side , elude the flash of light from the death eater 's wand . ( continued ) 25 26 27 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 18 . continued : 25 spark skitter off the tunnel and shower down as the sidecar ride up into the air repeatedly , then slam down onto the roadway . Harry glance back , see the death eater close when light fill the tunnel and hagrid roar . turn back , Harry see a huge lorry rush towards they . as the headlight grow large , hagrid steer the motorbike directly into they -- then past -- and up the round side of the tunnel . the motorbike loop - the-loop and Harry dangle briefly , watch -- upside down -- as two death eater fly smack into the lorry -- before the motorbike come round right side up , shoot out ... ext . sky - continuous action - night 26 .+. of the tunnel and soar back into the starry sky . hagrid and Harry soar higher , the air crackling with electricity as ... ext . pylon - continuous action - night 27 ... massive electrical pylon appear in the darkness . as hagrid weave through the tower , a gang of death eater jet into view . Harry fire a volley of stun spell , send a pair of death eater into the sizzling wire where they dangle briefly , spasming , before plummete into the darkness . Harry fire again and watch two other take evasive measure ... unaware of the death eater close in from behind . finally he turn . the death eater grin , wand twitching , when ... hedwig swoops down , flay the death eater 's wand hand . Harry grin triumphantly when ... a mad volley of wand blast ricochet off the motorbike and hedwig be go . Harry glance about desperately , when : death eater that 's he ! the real one ! the remain death eater fall back and disappear . hagrid hol 's tight , ' arry ! we have get ter get yeh out of here ! hagrid hit the purple button again and the motorbike rocket forth . Harry gaze bleakly behind ... then wince , eye roll back in he head . gripping he scar , he squint toward the horizon and see something close on they . it look like smoke , then begin to take shape . ( continued ) 27 28 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 19 . continued : 27 voldemort . Flying . slowly , Harry raise he wand . harry hagrid ... hagrid ...! Harry let out a primal scream , he eye clench shut in pain , he wand hand tremble as he point it blindly . voldemort 's snake- like face draw near , he wand train on Harry . Harry 's arm go slack , he wand drop ... voldemort avada ... abruptly , Harry 's arm rise as if on a string , draw up by the wand tremble in he hand . gold FIRE spit forth and -- crack ! -- SPARKS skitter up the chassis of the motorbike . Harry wheel and -- for a split second -- be face to face with voldemort , whose eye drift , stare -- with something like fear -- at Harry 's wand . then -- whoosh ! -- voldemort peel backward and away , evaporate like smoke . just then ... «+. the motorbike 's engine hiccup and hagrid and Harry begin to drop . putt ... putt ... putt ... ext . the burrow - same time - night 28 the motorbike splashes down into the reed , sputter , then cut out altogether in a smoking hisssss . Harry glance about . a door open in a crooked house . two silhouettes appear , dash forward -- mrs . weasley and ginny . mrs . weasley Harry ! hagrid ! what happen ?! have you see the other ? harry be no one back yet ? he look from Mrs. weasley to Ginny . Ginny shake she head . hagrid they be on we from the star 's , Molly -- the death eater . and you - know - who as well . Molly weasley 's face betray panic , but she fight it back . mrs . weasley well , thank goodness you two be all right . ( continued ) 28 29 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 20 . continued : 28 hagrid have not go 's any brandy , have yeh , Molly ? fer medicinal purpose ? she nod , lead he toward the house . once out of earshot , Harry turn expectantly to Ginny . she look frighten . ginny ron and tonk should have already be back . dad and Fred as well . suddenly , several yard away , a blue light burn in the darkness . Harry and Ginny rush towards it just as lupin materialize , cradling a unconscious '' Harry , '' clothes tear , head awash in blood . Harry take in the surreal tableau , then watch '' himself '' transform into George , who bear the true damage . Ginny 's hand fly to she face . ginny oh my God ! George ! lupin the house ! quickly ! int . weasley house - sitting room - night ( moment later ) 29 lupin and Harry drop George onto the sofa , where he head roll into the lamplight , the blood more shocking here . Molly weasley scream . George 's ear be go . mrs . weasley my boy ! my darling boy ! what have they do to you ?! Harry look on miserably -- anger and guilt clash within he -- when lupin grab a fistful of he shirt and hurl he against the wall . ginny remus ! what be you do ! lupin what creature sit in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visit my office at hogwart ! harry be you mad ...? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 21 . 29 continued : 29 lupin what creature ! harry a grindylow ! lupin release Harry , turn back to the other . lupin we have be betrayed . voldemort know you be be move tonight . I have to make sure you be not a imposter . harry who do this to he ? lupin snape. ( nodd to George ) he will be fine , Molly . but that 's Dark Magic . the damage be do . she simply nod , weep , dabbing at George 's face . a blue glow glimmer against the window , where hagrid stand . hagrid someone else be back . 30 ext . yard ( the burrow ) - night ( second later ) 30 hermione and kingsley stand together , look shake . as the other rush forward , kingsley point he wand at lupin . shacklebolt the last word albus dumbledore speak to the pair of we ? lupin ' Harry be the best hope we have . trust he . 's shacklebolt lower he wand , wheel on Harry . shacklebolt what give you away ? harry hedwig -- I think . she be try to protect I -- ( continued ) 30 31 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 22 . continued : 30 just then , the yard glow with blue light and one pair after another materialize : Fred & Mr. weasley , Bill & fleur , ron & tonk . ron be still '' Harry , '' but hermione do not hesitate , envelop he in a fierce hug . as he transform back into he own battle - weary self , he look mildly abash to be in such close proximity to hermione . ron hey ya -- well ... thanks . tonk deserve that . brilliant , he be . would not be stand here without he . hermione really ? ron ( break free of she ) always the tone of surprise . arthur weasley be we the last ? where 's George ? suddenly ... silence . Mr. weasley eye all , turn to lupin . arthur weasley remus . where 's my son ? int . weasley house - sitting room - night ( moment later ) 31 Arthur weasley , trail by the other , stop dead . Molly look up , she face say it all . Fred come up on he father 's shoulder , eye sting with tear as he see he brother . as if sense they , George stir . fred how do you feel , georgie ? GEORGE saint-like . fred come again ? George open he eye , lift a blood - crust finger , and point to the dark cavity in the side of he skull . GEORGE saint-like ... you see , I be holy . holey , Fred , geddit ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 23 . 31 continued : 31 fred with the whole wide world of ear - related humor at you disposal , you go for holey ? pathetic . GEORGE reckon I be still better-look than you . better-look than Bill , that 's for sure . Bill do not smile . next to he , fleur look equally grim . bill mad - Eye 's dead . the room go still . bill mundungus take one look at voldemort and disapparate . lupin mad- Eye reckone you -know - who would expect the real Harry to be with the most skilled auror . he know he have be in the most danger . arthur weasley it do not explain how they know we be move Harry tonight . the room grow quiet . eye shift . hagrid wha 's ? one of we ? tha 's mad . I have wager I life it wasn 's none of you lot . an’ if it be I I have kno’ , wouldn 's I ? talk in I sleep on occasion , I 'il admit , but there 's only fang aroun 's ter hear an’ mostly it 's gibberish an’ besides I have cut I tongue out ' fore no betray ' arry exen in I dream -- hagrid stop , blink miserably . suddenly , all smile . hagrid wha 's so funny ! harry I trust you with my life , hagrid . I trust everyone in this room . understood ? ( continued ) 31 32 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. continued : ( 2 ) lupin understood . GEORGE ' ear , ' ear . Fred nod approvingly to he brother . fred better . omitted 6/11/10 24 . 31 32 33 34 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 int . ron 's room - night ( later ) shadows cling to the ceiling . Harry toss fitfully , something bedevile he sleep . suddenly , he scar contract . he grimace . voldemort ( v.o. ) you lie to I , ollivander ! int . malfoy manor - cellar - night 25 . 33 34 at the bottom of a run of rotting wooden stair , wormtail prop up a emaciate ollivander . ( continued ) 34 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 25~a. continued : 34 in the crack surface of a tall mirror , we see voldemort reflect at the top of the stair -- a angry silhouette . ollivander no ! no ! I believe a different wand would work , I swear ! voldemont then explain this ! voldemort extend he skeletal finger . lucius malfoy 's wand lie shattered upon he ghostly skin . ollivander but it make no sense ... voldemort perhaps we friend 's loyalty lie elsewhere , wormtail . ( continued ) 34 35 35 a 35 B harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 ollivander no ! there must be a way ! I / x11 think of something else ! voldemont I hope so , ollivander , for you sake . I will not be so forgive next time ... int . ron 's room - continuous action - night 35 Harry awaken with a gasp , eye flash in the darkness . he eye the shadow above he , then look down at he hand where he wand glimmer in the moonlight . int . staircase - night ( moment later ) 35a rucksack sling over he shoulder , Harry pick he way softly down the spiraling step , past silent doorway , slip in and out of shadow . ext . yard - night ( moment later ) 35 B Harry emerge into the night , shifting the rucksack as he eye the reed shifting eerily in the darkness . ron ( 0.s. ) go somewhere ? Harry stiffen , turn to meet ron 's accusatory gaze , then continue on . harry no one else be go to die . not for I . ron for you ? you think madeye die for you ? you think George take that curse for you ? you may be the chosen one , mate , but this be a whole lot bigger than that . Harry stare at ron . the air be tense . harry come with I . now . ron and leave hermione ? be you mad ? we would not last two day without she . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 26a. 35b continued : 35b ron ( cont 'd ) ( glance around ) do not tell she I say that . ( back to Harry ) besides , you have still get the trace on you . and there 's the wedding ... harry wedding ? ron Bill and fleur . mum 's be plan it for month . only thing that 's keep she sane , I reckon . she will kill I if I miss it . kill you too . Rather go face to face with you - know - who if I be honest . ron try a smile , but Harry look foul . harry I do not care about a bloody wedding -- no matter whose it be . I have to start search for the horcrux . it 's the only chance we have to beat he . and the longer we wait the stronger he get . ron just stare at Harry , calm , poise . ron tonight 's not the night , mate . you would only be do he a favor . Harry stare at ron -- incense by he cool demeanor and common sense . finally , he turn away , toss the rucksack in frustration . for a moment they stand like this , Harry 's back to ron. Silent . finally ron speak . ron do you think he know ? Harry turn he head halfway , but do not speak . ron I mean , they be bit of he soul , the horcrux . bit of he . when dumbledore destroy the ring and you destroy Tom riddle 's diary all that year ago -- he must have feel something right ? Harry ponder this , but remain silent . ( continued ) 35 B 36 37 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 26b. continued : ( 2 ) 35 B ron what I be say be , if we do this thing right , if we find the horcrux and begin to destroy they one by one ... Harry wait . ron wo not he know he 's be hunt ? still Harry say nothing . silence descend once more , then : arthur weasley ( 0.s. ) all together now ! ext . weasley house - orchard - morning 36 Bird 's - eye view : a enormous circle of silk lie flat upon the ground . as hagrid look on , Arthur , Bill , ron and Fred stand on its periphery , wand poise . arthur weasley one . two . Three ! the silk rise , pitching itself into a perfect wedding marquee , tremble wondrously in the morning breeze ... then collapse . int . kitchen - morning ( second later ) 37 the DAILY prophet lie in f.g. , headline scream : '' dumbledore 's dark secret . '' we hear footstep descend the stair ... then Harry 's blurry figure step into focus and take the paper for a closer inspection . rita skeeter grin up at he , hold a book entitle the life and lies of albus dumbledore . a bit further down , another headline : '' think you know dumbledore ? think again ! '' ginny ( 0.s. ) be you go to tell I ? Harry turn , find Ginny in the doorway in a beautiful dress . harry yes . ( continued ) 37 38 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 27 . continued : 37 ginny and ron and hermione . they 'il not be go back to hogwart either ? Harry stare at she . she look excruciatingly beautiful in the light stream through the window . ginny I see . harry dumbledore do not want anyone to know what it be we be do . if I tell you , I have be betray he . ginny Zip I up , will you . she turn . the dress be open to the small of she back . Harry step forward and take the zipper . as the panel close , conceal she skin , he finger linger at the top , lightly brush the nape of she neck . they stand like this , utterly still , the moment fraught . ginny seem silly , do not it ? a wedding . give everything that 's go on . harry maybe that 's the best reason to have it . because of everything that 's go on . her chin turn , come into profile , she face very close . then she fold into he and they be kissing . long. deep. George wander in brush he tooth , pour himself a cup of tea and , stick the toothbrush in he ear-hole , lean back against the stove for a sip . Ginny -- sense something -- open she eye and jump . Harry wheel . George wink , tip he cup in they direction . GEORGE Morning . ext . orchard - same time - morning 38 Arthur stand look at the marquee from he Pov : perfect . arthur weasley how 's it look on you end , boy ? ( continued ) 38 39 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 28 . continued : 38 ron and Fred look : bent , mangle . fred brilliant ! just then , the silk snap and the tree in the surround orchard shiver in a rush of wind . everyone step clear of the marquee and watch a tall wizard with griz*le hair and scarree cheek materialize . rufus scrimgeour . GEORGE bloody hell , what 's the Minister of Magic do here ? ron dunno . but something tell I he do not come to give away the bride . int . weasley house - sitting room - moment later 39 Harry enter , trail by ron and hermione . scrimgeour gesture the trio to the sofa . Harry eye scrimgeour with thinly conceal contempt . harry to what do we owe the pleasure , Minister ? scrimgeour I think we both know the answer to that question , Mr. Potter . scrimgeour pitch a cloth bag onto the table before they . the trio regard it curiously , exchange glance . harry and this would be ...? scrimgeour do not be coy , Mr. Potter . Mr. weasley . would you say you be close to you former headmaster ? ron dumbledore ? and I ? I dunno . I reckon I be just another weasley to he . he be always polite -- scrimgeour and you , miss Granger ? how would you characterize you relationship ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 29 . 39 continued : 39 hermione we be friendly , not close like Harry , but -- harry what 's this all about ? scrimgeour this . despite the fact that neither of you friend appear to have be particularly close to they recently decease headmaster , he see fit to remember they in he will . now why do you suppose that would be ? Harry , ron and hermione exchange glance again . harry no idea . scrimgeour come now , you do not expect I to believe ... scrimgeour reach into he cloak , remove a scroll of parchment . read : scrimgeour ' herein be set forth the last will and Testament of albus percival wulfric Brian dumbledore . first , to Ronald bilius weasley , I leave my deluminator , a device of my own make , in the hope that -- when thing seem most dark -- it will show he the light . 's scrimgeour remove a SMALL silver object from the bag . ron dumbledore leave this ? for I ? brilliant . er -- what be it ? ron click it and all the light rush from the lamp into the deluminator , throw the room into total darkness . he click it again and light fly back to the lamp . ron wick . ( continued ) 39 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 30 . continued : ( 2 ) 39 scrimgeour ' to miss hermione Jean Granger , I leave my copy of the tale of beedle the bard , in the hope that she will find it entertaining and instructive . 's scrimgeour reach into the bag once again and retrieve a SMALL book , its bind stain and peel in place . ron mum use to read I that ! the wizard and the hopping pot , babbitty rabbity and she cackle stump ... Harry and hermione stare blankly at he . ron oh , c’mon ! beedle 's storey be famous ! babbity rabbitty ? no ...? scrimgeour eye ron with mild annoyance , continue . scrimgeour ' to Harry James Potter , I leave the snitch he catch in he first Quidditch match at hogwart , as a reminder of the reward of perseverance and skill . scrimgeour place the tiny golden orb onto Harry 's palm , where it glimmer dully . Harry study it , then look up . harry that 's it then ? scrimgeour not quite . dumbledore leave you a second bequest : the sword of godric gryffindor . unfortunately , the sword of gryffindor be not dumbledore 's to give away . as a important historical artifact , it belong ... hermione to Harry ! it belong to Harry ! it choose he ! it come to he in the chamber of secret when he most need it ! ( continued ) 39 40 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 scrimgeour the sword may present itself to any worthy gryffindor , miss Granger . that do not make it that wizard 's property . and in any event the current whereabouts of the sword be unknown . harry Excuse I ? scrimgeour the sword be miss . ( before Harry can pursue ) I will not pretend to be you friend , Mr. Potter . but I assure you I be not you enemy . harry you will forgive I , Minister . but it 's a little hard to tell the difference this day . scrimgeour dumbledore say something very similar the last time we speak . scrimgeour gaze out the window , eye haunt . hermione where be you guard , sir ? scrimgeour I come alone . I do not really need they anymore ... he turn then , exit . music be heard and laughter ... int . / ext . marquee - night ( hour later ) 40 the wedding party be in full swing . Harry , in dress robe , stand on the periphery , absently fingering the snitch as Bill and fleur twirl madly within a clap circle of well - wisher . Harry 's gaze drift : to Ginny , laugh as Fred and George rush the dance floor , briefly sweep fleur away from Bill , then begin to dance with each other ; to hermione , stun in black silk : to ron , who ignore all , he eye focus entirely on hermione . Far across the garden , hagrid wend through the table in he horrible hairy suit and present a slice of cake to a pleased olympe maxime . ( continued ) 40 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 32 . continued : 40 nearby , tonk , hand to she belly , lean forward and whisper something to Mrs. weasley , who react with happy surprise . Harry study tonk 's belly ... lupin ( 0.s. ) we want you to be the godfather . Harry turn , see lupin stand behind , stare at tonk with affection . as he eye shift to Harry , Harry sputter : harry you mean -- but that 's brilliant -- I ... do not know what to say . lupin say yes . lupin grin , clap Harry on the shoulder and hike off into the darkness , join the wizard stand guard in the garden 's deep shadow . Harry look back to tonk , then notice a slight , tufty - haire wizard ( elphias doge ) sit alone at a table just beyond she . luna hello , Harry ! luna lovegood approach in the company of a cross -ey wizard ( xenophilius lovegood ) with shoulder - length white hair the texture of candy floss . both wear robe the color of egg yolk . luna oh , I have interrupt a deep think , have not I ? I can see it grow smaller in you eye . harry no , ' course not . how be you , luna ? luna very well . I be bitten by a garden gnome only moment ago . she hold up she finger , which be sheathed in blood . xenophilius lovegood gnome saliva be enormously beneficial ! xenophilius lovegood . we live just over the hill ! harry Nice to meet you , sir . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 lovegood suddenly lean close , whisper fiercely : xenophilius lovegood I trust you know , Mr. Potter , that we at the quibbler , unlike that toady at the Daily Prophet , fully support dumbledore during he lifetime and in he death support you just as fully . luna come , daddy . Harry do not want to talk to we right now . he 's just too nice to say so . lovegood 's eye burn with righteousness , a triangular eye dangle from a chain around he neck . as luna pull he away , Harry glance once again across the garden . new angle - moment later elphias doge sit alone , smile absently as he observe the happy going - on . then : harry Sir ? May I sit down ? elphias doge Mr. Potter ! by all mean ! in a nervous flutter , doge pour Harry a goblet of champagne . harry I find what you write in the Daily Prophet very move , sir . I take it you know Professor dumbledore well ? elphias doge I certainly know he the longest , if you do not count he brother aberforth -- and somehow , people never do seem to count aberforth . harry I never even know he have a brother , sir . elphias doge yes , well , dumbledore be always very private . even as a boy . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 34 . 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 harry Sir , I be wonder if you would have much contact with he before he die . elphias doge the occasional owl . though it be strange ... harry strange , sir ? elphias doge it be the owl themselves . they often arrive in distress . it be clear they have travel great distance in some case . harry could you tell I from where they have come , sir ? elphias doge I be afraid not . albus 's message mostly reference we day together as schoolboy . they be surprisingly intimate . when he do speak of he current activity he word would turn elliptical . still , I sense he be under great stress . why do you ask ? harry just curious . I be ... close to Professor dumbledore . elphias doge well , he treasure you , Mr. Potter , I can attest to that . I can also tell you that when a person pass , it 's only natural to rue the thing leave unsaid , to regret the question never ask . I know albus nigh on 100 year , but in many way he will always remain a riddle even to I . woman ( 0.s. ) do not despair , elphias . I be tell he 's be thoroughly unriddle by rita skeeter . in 800 page no less . ( continued ) 40 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 35 . continued : ( 4 ) 40 Harry and doge turn , study the profile of a ancient witch ( muriel ) sit at a adjacent table , a glass of champagne cradle in the bony finger of one hand . elphias doge that woman be a vulture , muriel , and you well know it . muriel someone have to pick the bone to get at the truth . I read you obituary , elphias . Lovely . but you do skate over some of the sticky patch in dumbledore 's life . elphias doge I be sorry you think so , muriel . I assure you I be write from the heart . muriel yes , well , rita skeeter have not make that mistake , I be sure . Word have it someone talk to she , someone who know the dumbledore family well . you and I both know who that be , elphias . elphias doge a monstrous betrayal . I can only conclude the rumor be true and that she have become untether . harry who be you talk about ? muriel well , I do not suppose it will be a secret once the book come out . ( relishing the moment ) bathilda bagshot . harry who ? muriel who ? bathilda bagshot ! my god , boy , she 's only the most celebrate magical historian of the last century . do not they read History of Magic at hogwart anymore ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 36 . continued : ( 5 ) 40 harry oh , right . slipped my mind ... muriel she know the dumbledore as well as anyone . she have have letter , perhaps a interesting photograph or two . I be sure rita skeeter would have think it well worth a trip to godric 's hollow to take a peek into that old bird 's rattle cage . harry godric 's hollow ? bathilda bagshot life in godric 's hollow ? muriel for year now . that 's where she first meet dumbledore . harry Excuse I ? you do not mean to say dumbledore live there too ? muriel of course . the family move there after he father kill that three muggles . it be quite the scandal . ( eyeing he ) honestly , my boy , be you sure you know he at all ? Harry sit , speechless , then he eye catch a shoot star -- or what appear to be . as it plummet , it grow , gain speed until it slice through the canopy , explode in a burst of light . all go silent as a silver LYNX -- graceful and gleam -- materialize amid the crowd . when it speak , the patronus have shacklebolt 's sonorous voice . patronus the Ministry have fall . the Minister of Magic be dead . they be come ... the lynx vanish . a scream shred the silence . then : chaos . elphias doge Nice meeting you , Mr. Potter ! doge extend he hand toward Harry when -- crack ! -- he disapparate . ( continued ) 40 4l harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 37 . continued : ( 6 ) 40 second later , the ancient witch have do the same . Harry scan the scatter crowd and meet Ginny 's eye , as she get buffete about . he pelt toward she , bounce between body , lose sight of she . hermione ron ! ron! Harry turn , see hermione glance about frantically . as she turn , ron come into view , push toward she . suddenly the canopy above turn to ribbon as death eater -- in dark cloak and mask -- descend into the crowd . Arthur , Fred and George wield they wand . Harry see a flower fall from fleur 's hair , watch it crush underfoot , then catch sight of Ginny through the madness as she draw she own wand , copper hair gleam , eye flash . he start toward she , when ... lupin crash in , spin he roughly round . lupin Harry ! go! gol ! a hand reach out and grab he . he look . it 's hermione , clutching ron 's hand with she other . she close she eye and a great whooshing SOUND fill Harry 's ear . he take one last desperate look at Ginny as he be throw up and back in a whirlwind and all go black . a horn blare as ... ext . shaftesbury avenue ( piccadilly ) - night 4l «+. a double - decker bus careen within inch of Harry , ron and hermione as they stumble into view , the street teeming with drunken pub crawler . ron where be we ? hermione shaftesbury Avenue . I use to come here to the theater with my mum and dad . just pop into my head . I do not know why ... they hurry on , glance over they shoulder at the dark shape that move within the crowd behind they , stranger bump by , face pass in a paranoiac blur : a drunken man , a cackling woman with blood -red lipstick ... hermione this way ! harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 38. 42 ext . alleyway - continuous action - night 42 as they take refuge in the shadow , hermione begin to rummage through she tiny bead purse . hermione we need to change . ron and Harry look at each other 's dress robe . from the purse , hermione extract -- in quick succession -- two pair of jeans , t-shirt , and a pair of light overcoat . ron how the ruddy -- hermione undetectable extension charm . ron you be amazing , you be . hermione always the tone of surprise . as she give the bag a shake , there be loud echoing of heavy object , as if something have fall . hermione that 'il be the book . 43 int . all - nite cafe - night ( moment later ) 43 shabby . greasy . empty . the trio slide into a booth . harry do you reckon everyone 's alright at the wedding ? maybe we should -- ron they be after you , mate . we would just put everyone in danger go back . hermione ron 's right . cappuccino , please . a gum - chew waitress stand behind Harry . ron , clueless when it come to cappuccino , nod to hermione . ron what she say . harry same . ( continued ) 43 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 39 . continued : 43 waitress wick scar . ron ( as she exit ) so where do we go from here ? the leaky cauldron ? hermione too dangerous . if voldemort 's take over the Ministry , none of the old place be safe . the front door squeal and two workmen enter , glance idly at the trio and step to the counter . harry my rucksack . with all my thing . I leave it back at the burrow -- hermione be shaking she head . Harry eye the bead purse . harry you be joke . hermione I have have the essential pack for day . just in case . ron by the way -- this jeans ? not my favorite . bit tight . hermione give he a wither glance . Harry can not help but smile . then he eye shift to the SMALL security mirror near the ceiling , see the two workmen turn . harry down ! the tile explode on the wall where ron 's head have be only second before . a rope of green light singe hermione 's hair . harry stupefy ! the jet of red light hit the biggest death eater straight in the face and he crumple instantly . death eater # 2 expulsio ! ( continued ) 43 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 the table behind Harry explode and the spell ricochet , shatter the security mirror -- send shard raining everywhere , include one that lace hermione 's cheek -- then strike the cappuccino machine , which spray hot liquid all over the death eater . he bellows in pain and hermione and ron hit he with twin stunning spell . as he spasm on the ground , hermione add another for good measure : hermione petrificus totalus ! he go still . the waitress step from the backroom . see the trio . the wand . her gum bubble ... pop . hermione go. she do not argue . harry lock the door , get the light . hermione throw the bolt . ron click the deluminator , pitching the cafe into shadow . Harry eye the unconscious death eater . harry this one 's name be rowle . he be on the astronomy Tower the night snape kill dumbledore . ron this be dolohov . I recognize he from the want poster . ron roll he over with he foot . dolohov 's eye shift in fear from Harry to hermione , then back to ron . ron so what do we do with you , huh ? kill we if it be turn round , would not you ? ron 's face be hard . hermione eye he uneasily . he notice . ron suppose it 's he that do mad - Eye . how would you feel then ? hermione look at dolohov . the moment hang , then : ( continued ) 43 44 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 41 . continued : ( 3 ) 43 harry it 's better we wipe they memory . we kill they , they 's 1l know we be here . ron you be the boss . ( turn to hermione ) hermione ? she turn , look at he . he reach out , wipe a trickle of blood from she cheek . ron you be the best with spell . shakily , she point she wand at dolohov . her arm tremble . hermione obliviate . there be a flash of light and we -- CUT to : ext . london STREET - night ( moment later ) 44 the trio move quickly , glance about , paranoid . harry how be it they know we be there ? hermione maybe you still have the trace on you . ron can not be . the trace break at seventeen . it 's wizard law . hermione stop . Harry and ron turn , look back . ron what ? hermione we do not celebrate you birthday , Harry . Ginny and I -- we would prepare a cake . we be go to bring it out at the end of the wedding ... ( continued ) 44 45 46 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 42 . continued : 44 harry hermione . I appreciate the think -- honestly . but give that we be almost kill by a couple of death eater a few minute ago ... hermione right . perspective . ron we have get to get off the street , get somewhere safe . harry I have a idea . ext . 12 grimmauld place - night ( moment later ) 45 a door mark by the number 12 . Harry tap he wand on the weathered surface and a series of metallic click be hear . the door swing open with a creak . int . entryway ( 12 grimmauld place ) - continuous action - 46 night the gas lamp spring to life , illuminate a narrow cobwebbed hallway . the trio glance about , then Harry take a step forward . mad -eye ( 0.s. ) severus snape ? harry mad-eye ...? just then a great rush of cold AIR sweep through the hallway and the trio 's tongue curl back in they mouth . some thing shift in the shadow at the end of the hall , rise from the carpet -- tall , dust -color and terrible - look -- then rush toward they . it 's dumbledore , but a ghostly , worm - eat dumbledore , a corpse come to life , with empty eye socket and sink face . it raise its wand and then ... explode in a great cloud of dust , swirl like mist in the corridor , drift back to the carpet . ron what be that about ? ( continued ) 46 47 48 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 43 . continued : 46 hermione mad-eye 's do , I would guess . in case snape decide to come snooping . just then , a floorboard creak . the trio stiffen . slowly , hermione draw she wand , peer into the shadow . hermione homenum revelio . nothing . hermione lower she wand . explain . hermione it 's a spell to reveal human presence . she extend she hand , watch the settling dust stream through she finger . hermione we be alone . dissolve to : ext . sky at dawn ... ext . mountain road - dawn 47 the view expands and a SMALL village be reveal , swathed in mist . this have the feel of a Pov . the image jump and ... int . village STREET —- dawn 48 «+. the Pov be moving now , through street teeming with cloak figure . the tongue that be speak here be foreign , germanic . we turn down a alleyway and the path narrow , the shadow grow more dense . scratch into a wall be the symbol xenophilius lovegood wear around he neck , but the Pov linger upon it only briefly . a sign come into view , hang outside a small shop at the very end of a dark cul de sac : '' gregorovitch , wandmaker . '' we close quickly on the shop 's door , catch a glimpse of voldemort 's reflection in the glass , when ... 49 50 51 52 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 44 . int . drawing room - morning 49 ... Harry awaken , peer at the cobwebbed chandelier overhead . he sit up , look at hermione , asleep upon the sofa , she arm dangle down to where ron lie upon the floor , she finger only inch from he . nearby , the radio hiss softly , distant voice struggle to be hear . harry ( 0.s. ) lumos . int . upstair landing / corridor - morning ( moment later ) 50 Harry 's wand bloom in the darkness as he scale the stair and reach the landing . he peer into a bedroom . the drawer have be turn out . the bedsheet stripped . he move on , painting the wall with wandlight , illuminate a empty portrait of a muddy landscape . he study it -- long enough that we will remember it -- then a floorboard squeak -- like the night before . Harry wheel , point he wand down the dark corridor adjacent . int . dark corridor - morning ( moment later ) 51 Harry move down the narrow corridor to its end , to a doorway . he eye the nameplate : '' sirius . '' int . sirius 's room - continuous action 52 we watch Harry enter from a unsettlingly low Pov ( kreacher 's ) . this room , like the other , have be ransacke . Harry linger by a photograph . in it , four young hogwart student -- jame potter , sirius black , peter pettigrew and lupin -- stand grinning before the whomping willow . Harry trace the thin cone of light of he wand across they face . book and papers carpet the floor . a woman 's face , strike and wise , peer out from a dust jacket . Harry crouch , turn the book over to read its title : a History of Magic by bathilda bagshot . Harry turn it back over , study the woman 's face again . he begin to rise when he notice a crumpled piece of paper emboss at the top with a name : lily Potter . as Harry begin to read , we hear her voice : letter ( lily ) ( v.o . ) dear sirius . thank you for Harry 's birthday present . you have think he have be bear on a broom . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 53 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 45 . continued : 52 letter ( lily ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) James say he 's get the look of a seeker , but then James would . we have a very quiet birthday tea , just we and old bathilda , who dote on Harry . wormy drop by late in the day , but seem down and do not stay long . James be frustrated be shut up here , but dumbledore 's still get he invisibility cloak , so he do not have much choice . by the way , bathilda tell the most amazing storey about we old headmaster . I do not know how much to believe . can it really be true that dumbledore -- Harry turn the letter over , but there be no more . hermione ( 0.s. ) Harry ! Harry ! int . second floor landing - morning 53 Harry step out , find hermione dash up the stair . see he , she exhales in relief . call out : hermione ron ! I have find he ! ron ( 0.s. ) good ! tell he from I he 's a git ! hermione Harry , you can not just disappear . we think -- she stop as Harry hand she the letter . she read . hermione it 's from you mum . to sirius . bathilda bagshot ...? harry yeah . they know she . she write a History of Magic , you know . hermione ( with irony ) do she now ? ( continued ) 53 54 55 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 46 . continued : 53 harry I be think maybe we should go talk to she . she still life in godric 's hollow . I be think maybe she could help we . hermione look up , regards Harry closely . hermione Harry . I can imagine why you would want to go there , but ... I do not think bathilda bagshot be go to know where voldemort hide he horcrux . Harry start to respond , frown . hermione reach out , touch he face lightly . ron ( 0.s. ) hey ! I think you two better come down here . int . first floor - morning ( second later ) 54 ron peer out a curtain as hermione and Harry join he . in the courtyard outside , two dark figure stand near a tree . another sit on a bench . ron the two cling to the tree be death eater for sure . dunno ' bout the bloke on the bench . ( drop the curtain ) can not see we , of course . but we will have to be careful come and go . c’mon . there 's something else you need to see . int . corridor / regulus 's room - morning ( moment later ) 55 Harry and hermione trail ron to a narrow doorway . Beyond be a cramped bedroom , wall cover with eerie scrawling and symbol of Dark Magic . hermione Lovely . ron pull the door shut . affix to the outside be a SMALL sign , hand - lettere in a spidery crawl : do not enter ( continued ) 55 56 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 47 . continued : 55 without the Express permission of regulus arcturus Black hermione regulus arcturus Black ...? hermione gasp . ron nod , extend he hand and tap the first letter of each name on the sign . ron R ... a ... be int . kitchen - close on the locket - morning ( moment 56 later ) as harry remove the note . harry to the Dark Lord . I know I will be dead long before you read this ... I have steal the real horcrux and intend to destroy it ... ron r.a.b. be sirius 's brother ? we see the trio from the strange low Pov again , sit round the kitchen table . sloppy stack of old DAILY prophet surround they . hermione yes . question be , do he actually destroy the real horcrux ? Harry nod ... then spot a shadow tremble on the wall just outside the kitchen . he scramble up and out of sight . harry ( 0.s. ) stop ! I order you ! second later , Harry reappear ... drag kreacher the house - elf by one ear . kreacher mumble foul oath . ron kreacher ... harry be spying on we , have you ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 48 . 56 continued : 56 kreacher kreacher have be ... watch . kreacher always watch . hermione maybe he know . Harry glance at she , realize what she mean , take the locket and dangle it before kreacher 's massive eye like a hypnotist . kreacher watch it sway back and forth . harry ever see this before ? kreacher grumble incoherently . harry kreacher , I own this place . sirius leave it to I . which mean I own you too . kreacher grimace mightily , then give in . kreacher that be master regulus 's locket . harry that 's right . but there be two , be not there ? kreacher 's eye widen in surprise . he nod again . harry where 's the other one ? kreacher kreacher do not know where the other locket be . hermione but be it here ? do you ever see it ? kreacher spin , he face ugly and vicious : kreacher filthy mudblood -- the death eater will soon be come for you ! ron snatch kreacher by the neck , shake he . kreacher ( gargle the word ) blood -traitor weasley -- ( continued ) 56 57 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 hermione ron ! ron ! reluctantly , ron release the elf . harry answer she . kreacher yes . it be here , in this house . a most evil object ... harry how do you mean ? kreacher before he die , master regulus order kreacher to destroy it . it be the last thing he ask of kreacher . but no matter how kreacher try , he could not .. harry where be it now ? do someone take it , kreacher ? kreacher ( nodd ) he come in the night . he take many thing , include the locket . harry who , kreacher ? who be it ? kreacher mundungus . mundungus fletcher . the trio glance at one another , then Harry turn back to kreacher , look he in the eye . harry find he . crack ! -- kreacher vanish . begin montage : int . ministry of magic - atrium - day 57 pius thicknesse , the new Minister for Magic , stand just where he predecessor do , address he employees . in the b.g. we see yaxley again and dolore umbridge . ( continued ) 57 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 49a~. continued : 57 thicknesse as you new Minister for Magic , I promise to restore this temple of tolerance to its former glory . therefore , beginning today , each employee will be require to submit themselves for evaluation . but know this : you have nothing to fear ... as long as you have nothing to hide ... ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 61 62 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 as thicknesse smile , a gang of dark wizard ( snatcher ) emerge into the atrium , push a bloodied man before they . the crowd stir uneasily and we ... int . atrium - afternoon 58 ... watch a flurry of leaflet flutter from the sky and land in a neat pile next to a stack of Daily prophet . instantly , the newspaper boy begin to insert the leaflet into the paper . each leaflet be imprint with harry face and emblazon with '' undesirable # 1 " ... ext . countryside - dusk 59 the hogwart express stand still upon the crack as dark wizard board the train ... int . hogwart express - same time - dusk 60 Dark wizard move down the aisle , fling open cabin door , in search of Harry . they pass Ginny and seamus , katie bell , lavender , romilda vane and cormac . cormac my father will hear about this . finally neville bar they way , smile defiantly . neville he 's not here , you fool . int . granger house - parlor - dusk 61 Dark wizard smash through the front door , enter the parlor . the photograph still sit upon the mantle , show only hermione 's parent , the tea they have be drink still sit on the table , dry up , but unwash ... ext . diagon alley - dusk ( raining ) 62 poster of harry pattern alley wall and street post , tremble in a bitter wind . in the shadow , mundungus fletcher conclude a transaction with a desperate- look witch , then begin to count he money with a cruel smile . second later , a snatcher squad appear and he withdraw into a alley , into the safety of the darkness when suddenly a loud crack ! be head and ... montage end . 63 64 65 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 51 . ext . 12 grimmauld place - night ( later , raining ) 63 dark figure continue to loom in the square . int . drawing room - same time - night ( raining ) 64 ron fiddle with the radio , which whistle eerily as he attempt to find a signal . Harry lie on he side , study the snitch in he palm , its wing flap slowly . hermione they have flesh memory . Harry turn , see that hermione be eyeing the snitch . hermione snitch . they be never touch by bare skin until the seeker capture it . even the wizard who fabricate it wear glove . that way , if there 's a dispute , the snitch can identify who first touch it . harry you mean ... it remember I ? hermione ( nodd ) when scrimgeour first give it to you , I think it might open at you touch -- that dumbledore have hide something in it . Harry ponder this , eyeing the wing flap slowly , then ... crack ! a SOUND echoes down the hall . int . kitchen - night ( moment later ) ( raining ) 65 Harry and hermione race into the kitchen . crazy shadow spill from a far door and pot crash . suddenly , a tiny figure , wet and ragged , tumble into view , bang into the wall opposite , and scramble up . as he start back for the kitchen , he stop . see Harry . smile . dobby . dobby Harry Potter ! so long it 's be -- just then , a hand -- kreacher 's -- reach out , grab dobby by the neck and pull he away . 66 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 52 . int . kitchen - same time - night ( raining ) 66 kreacher , dobby and mundungus fletcher tumble from one side of the kitchen to the other . as they fly apart , mundungus roll to he foot , drip wet , wand flash . hermione expelliarmus ! mundungus 's wand soar into the air ... into hermione 's hand . kreacher as request , kreacher have return with the thief mundungus fletcher ! dobby dobby have also return with the thief mundungus fletcher ! mundungus what be you play at -- set a pair of bleedin’ ' ouse - elve on I ! dobby dobby be only try to help ! dobby see kreacher in diagon alley , which dobby think be curious . and then dobby hear kreacher mention Harry Potter 's name , which dobby think be very curious . and then dobby see that kreacher be talk to the thief mundungus fletcher , which dobby think be very , very -- mundungus I be no thief , you foul little git . I be a purveyer of rare and wondrous object -- ron you be a thief , dung . everyone know it . everyone turn . ron stand in the doorway . dobby smile . dobby master weasley ! so good to see you again ! ron nod , eye the bright red shoe on dobby 's foot . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 53 . 66 continued : 66 ron wick trainer . mundungus listen , I panicked that night , all right ? I never volunteer to die for you , mate . can I help it if mad - Eye fall off he broom -- hermione stop lie ! hermione begin to move toward mundungus . ron reach out , take she by the shoulder , eye mundungus warningly . ron piece of advice . let 's not rehash old time . get it ... mate ? harry when you turn this place over -- do not deny it ! -- you find a locket , be I right ? mundungus why ? be it valuable ? hermione you have still get it . ron no . he 's worried he should have get more money for it . mundungus would not be difficult , would it ? bleedin 's give it away , din 's I ? there I be , pitching I ware in diagon alley when some ministry hag come up and ask to see my license . say she 's of a mind to lock I up and would have , too , she hadn 's take a fancy to that locket . harry who be she ? this witch ? mundungus well , she 's right there , i not she ? bleedin 's bow an’ all . ( continued ) 66 67 68 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 66 he point to a yellow Prophet on top of a nearby stack , where a squat woman with the face of a toad blink from the front page : dolore umbridge . ext . whitehall STREET - morning 67 a empty street corner . then ... ron peer round a building . a few yard off , a witch ( mafalda hopkirk ) approach . ron begin to walk , precede she down the street , then kneel , fiddling with he shoelace . Zap ! the witch stiffen and fall ... into the arm of Harry . ron hurry back , take she foot and ... int . storage area - continuous action - morning 68 ... help Harry hustle she out of view . they prop she up between two wizard , one tall , one short , both unconscious . hermione be pour polyjuice potion into three cup . ron right . so let 's do it . who get who ? hermione well , unless one of you fancy wear a skirt ... hermione lean down , pluck a hair from the witch . ron frown as he survey the two remain wizard . hermione remember what we say . keep you eye down . do not speak to anyone unless absolutely necessary . Act as normal as possible . just do what you see everyone else do . we do that -- and with a bit of luck -- we get ourselves inside . and then ... harry it get really tricky . hermione correct . Harry and hermione look once more at the stunned trio before they . harry this be completely mental . ( continued ) * + HH fh HH hf + % harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 654a . 68 continued : 68 hermione completely , utterly , without question . ron the world 's mental . come on , drink up . we have get a horcrux to find . 69 ext . whitehall STREET - morning ( moment later ) 69 the trio -- in they new identify -- emerge . ron ( in the quise of reg cattermole ) take out a id card . reg cattermole / ron in case you be interested , I be reg cattermole , magical maintenance Department . mafalda hopkirk / hermione mafalda hopkirk , assistant in the improper use of Magic Office . ( continued ) * 69 70 71 72 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 55 . continued : 69 albert runcorn /harry ( patting he pocket ) I be nobody . mafalda hopkirk / hermione you be somebody . be careful . just then a skinny wizard stride by . skinny wizard Morning , reg ! good luck today . reg cattermole / ron oh ... yeah . thanks . ron glance to Harry and hermione , jerk he head toward the skinny wizard and they follow . ext . public toilet - morning ( moment later ) 70 as the skinny wizard drop down the stair into a public toilet , the trio appear . reg cattermole / ron what do you reckon he mean by ' good luck . '? int . gentlemen 's toilet - morning ( second later ) 71 Harry and ron enter , glance around , then , see as everyone else be do so , slip into cubicle . int . cubicle 72 Harry enter . flushing sound all around he . he look to he leave , see a pair of booted feet climb into the next toilet , then look to he right , see ron -- as reg cattermole -- peer in . reg cattermole / ron we flush ourselves in ? albert runcorn /harry apparently so . reg cattermole / ron that 's bloody disgusting . as reg / ron 's face disappear , Harry step up onto he toilet , dip he shoe in gingerly , then withdraw it . completely dry . stepping in fully , he reach up , pull the chain and be instantly suck down . second later ... 73 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 56 . int . ministry of magic - atrium - morning ( second later ) 73 +. he come shoot out of a fireplace into the grand atrium of the Ministry of Magic . he see hermione 's already arrive and stand before a massive statue of black stone depict a witch and wizard sit upon hundred of naked body twisted in pain . Harry join she . albert runcorn /harry be that ...? mafalda hopkirk / hermione ( nodd ; with disgust ) muggles . in they rightful place . Harry glance at the base of the statue , where the word magic be might be engrave . just then , a balding wizard bump into Harry . balding wizard move it , will you -- oh , runcorn ! forgive I ... the bald wizard hurry away , clearly frighten , as do another wizard , merely at the sight of Harry . mafalda hopkirk / hermione you appear to be quite popular . ron approach , run a gauntlet of pity look from co-worker who echo the skinny wizard 's '' good luck . '' reg cattermole / ron I gotta tell you , I be start to freak out a bit . just then , a gang of young , rough - looking wizard , lead by they leader , scabior , enter the atrium , push along a small group of captive . albert runcorn /harry the Ministry must be hire young this day . reg cattermole / ron they're not Ministry . they be snatcher . they hunt muggle-born and blood -traitor for a price . albert runcorn / harry how long do you say this batch of polyjuice potion would last , hermione ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 57 . 73 continued : 73 mafalda hopkirk / hermione I do not . yaxley cattlemole ! they all jump . yaxley stride directly up to ron. yaxley it 's still raining in my office . two day now . reg cattermole / ron really ? have you try a umbrella ? yaxley eye ron curiously , then lean forward menacingly . yaxley you do realize I be on my way downstairs , do not you , cattermole ? reg cattermole / ron downstair ...? yaxley to interrogate you wife ! if my wife 's blood status be in doubt and the head of the Department of magical Law enforcement need a job do , I think I have make it a priority . you have get one hour . just then , the lift behind they clang open . hermione tug ron inside . yaxley turn and storm off just as ... 74 int . lift - continuous action - morning 74 ... the door close . reg cattermole / ron oh my god . what be I go to do ? my wife 's all alone downstairs ? albert runcorn /harry ron . you do not have a wife . reg cattermole / ron oh. right . albert runcorn / harry look , we will go with you -- ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 58. 74 continued : 74 reg cattermole / ron no , that 's mad . you two find umbridge . i’1l be fine . but how do I stop it raining ? mafalda hopkirk / hermione try finite incantatem . of course if something 's go wrong with a atmospheric charm -- female ( v.o. ) level two. Department of magical Law enforcement , include wizengamot administration service , auror headquarters and improper use of Magic Department . mafalda hopkirk / hermione this be you . 75 int . / ext . lift - level two - continuous action - morning 75 the lift open and ron begin to back out . reg cattermole / ron finite incantatem , okay . and if that do not work ...? but before she can respond the golden grille of the lift close and she and Harry be sweep away . mafalda hopkirk / hermione I do not like he be on he own down there . albert runcorn / harry ron 's be come here since he be two year old . it 's we you should be worry about . mafalda hopkirk / hermione you really have horrible tooth , you know that . female ( v.o . ) level one. Minister of Magic and support staff ... ( continued ) 75 76 77 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 59 . continued : 75 albert runcorn /harry ( whisper quickly ) I say if we do not locate umbridge within the hour , we go find ron and come back another day . deal ? the grille clang open again and Harry and hermione freeze . int . lift - level one - continuous action - morning 76 stand next to a long -haired wizard , she neck enwrap in a fuzzy pink scarf , be dolore umbridge . she look up from the clipboard in she hand and see hermione . umbridge ah , mafalda ! travers send you , do he ? good . we will go straight down . ( eying Harry ) Albert , be not you get out ? Harry nod mutely , step out . as the lift descend , he watch hermione 's anxious face sink out of sight . int . ministry of magic - level one - morning ( moment 77 later ) Harry pass one gleam door after anther , glance down purple - carpete corridor that stretch into nothingness . a muttering wizard pass by , murmure to a quill float in front of he . otherwise , it be eerily quiet . young wizard ( 0.s. ) weasley ! Harry stop dead , peer around a corner and see a slight , familiar - look red -headed wizard : percy weasley . young wizard they be wait for you report downstairs . percy weasley oh , yes ... of course . Harry watch percy hurry off . 78 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 60 . int . corridor - morning ( moment later ) 78 Harry move on . hear voice ahead . emerge into a wide open space and discover dozen of witch and wizard sit at a sea of small desk . waving they wand in unison , square of pink paper flit like kite through the air , drop into neat stack . Harry creep closer , see that they be pamphlet entitle , '' mudblood and the danger they pose to a peaceful pure -blood Society . '' red -haired witch reckon the old hag will be interrogate mudblood all day ? bespectacled wizard sh...careful . pius thicknesse appear , trail a retinue of lackey . thicknesse runcorn . Harry return thicknesse 's nod , watch he pass from view . as he gaze shift , he find the red-haire witch regard he with fear . she look quickly away , resume she work at double-time . Harry 's eye shift again , regard a shining mahogany door across the way . he squint : something be imbed within the door . he cross the room , stop dead . fitted into the wood be a eye . it spin weakly , then stop : mad - Eye 's eye . he look down to the brass nameplate next to the door : dolore umbridge head of the muggle - born registration commission Harry 's jaw tighten in anger and he glance over he shoulder , see the red-haire witch watch he . she glance away quickly . Harry reach into a inner pocket and remove a decoy detonator , a odd object with little weaving leg and a rubber- bulb horn for a body . he release it . it scuttle down he body , across the floor and directly into the sea of desk . Harry wait . then ... bang ! Black smoke billow into the air , pink page fly everywhere and the detonator give birth to dozen of tiny replicant of itself , which race about the floor , up the leg and across the desk of the pamphleteer . the red-haire witch shriek . other follow and Harry ... 79 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 60a . int . umbridge 's office - continuous action - morning 79 +. slip into umbridge 's office , close the door . the room 's decor be sickeningly cute . lace doily . dried flower . Harry take out he wand . albert runcorn /harry accio locket . ( continued ) 79 80 81 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 61 . continued : 79 nothing . Harry frown , glance about . a leaflet bear he face -- '' undesirable # 1 '' -- lie upon umbridge 's desk , along with photograph of other order member . two have a large pink '' X " '' scratch on they : dumbledore and mad - Eye . Harry begin to search the office , open drawer , riffling through filing cabinet ... then stop . pull out a file . Inside be a photograph of hermione and a accompany data sheet : '' blood status : muggle born '' '' whereabouts : last see in the company of undesirable # 1 . " quickly Harry replace the file and search out ron 's . '' blood status : pure blood ... pro-muggle leaning . '' '' whereabouts : last see in the company of undesirable # 1 . '' Harry start to put the file away , then pause , look closer . '' Father : Arthur weasley . Ministry employee . status : tracked . strong likelihood undesirable # 1 will contact . '' Harry stare at the word '' tracked . '' then : balding wizard ( 0.s. ) all right , all right . let 's calm down , shall we ? Harry replace the file , step to the door and peer through . slowly , he ease open the door , back out and ... int . ministry of magic - level one - continuous action - 80 morning ... turn . the red-haire witch be watch he . he put he finger to he lip . her eye go wide as saucer . balding wizard it probably just snuck up here from experimental charm . I think none of we will soon forget last month 's Poisonous duck ... see the red-haire witch 's expression , the bald wizard turn and , as before , wither at the sight of Harry . balding wizard r-runcorn . Harry give he a appraise look , turn the corner ... int . hallway - continuous action - morning 81 ... and dash off . 82 83 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 62. int . level one - outside lift - morning ( moment later ) 82 Harry sprint into view just as the same muttering wizard trail he quill out of a empty lift . int . lift - morning 83 Harry race inside , hit a button and watch the grille close . he glance at he reflection in the mirrore wall . bare he tooth . hermione 's right . they be awful . just then , the grille clang open and ron enter , soaking wet and wild - eye . reg cattermole / ron m-morn . albert runcorn /harry ron , it 's I . reg cattermole / ron Harry ! blimey , I forget what you look like . where 's hermione ? albert runcorn /harry she go down to the courtroom with umbridge -- the grille open again and reveal ... Arthur weasley , in the company of a elderly witch ( wakinda ) . arthur weasley I understand , wakinda , but I can not be a party to that . Arthur stop then , see Harry , and regards he with utter disdain , then turn he eye to ron and soften . arthur weasley hello , reg . be not Mary in for question today ? try to have faith . if there 's anything Molly and I can do for you -- Arthur pat ron 's shoulder , stop . pull he drip hand away . wakinda let I guess . it 's raining in yaxley 's office again ? arthur weasley tell he to try a umbrella . ( continued ) 83 84 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 63 . continued : 83 Arthur and wakinda exit . as they go , ron crane he neck , watch with a look of long as the grille begin to close . suddenly , Harry reach out , block the door . albert runcorn / harry Arthur ! you know you be be track , do not you ? Arthur turn . arthur weasley be that a threat , runcorn ? albert runcorn / harry no , Arthur . it 's a fact . they be watch you . Arthur eye Harry with a mixture of suspicion and confusion and perhaps ... recognition . Harry remove he hand . the grille close . ron stare at he . albert runcorn / harry I ' 1l tell you later . let 's find hermione . int . passageway —- morning ( moment later ) 84 Harry and ron move down a dark torch - light stone passageway . as they move further along , they breath become visible and ron , soak to the bone , begin to tremble . reg cattermole / ron bloody cold down here . then they see . swirl outside the courtroom door like sentinels be tall black - hood figure . dementor . just then , a man come stumbling out of the courtroom in the company of a pair of death eater . scare man I be half - blood , I tell you ! my father be a wizard ! look he up ! William alderton ! he work here for thirty year ... as ron watch the terrify man pass , Harry grab he arm , pull he toward the courtroom . 85 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 64 . int . courtroom - same time —- morning 85 a dark cathedral , possess of a palpable chill . dementor float eerily in the gloom . the ceiling stretch high , disappear in darkness . as Harry and ron enter -- unnotice at first -- they move cautiously , take in they surroundings . hermione come into view , sit with a stack of parchment behind a balustrade alongside umbridge and yaxley , while a bright - silver cat -- umbridge 's patronus -- prowl up and down , provide warmth to they and they only . Harry 's eye track the cat , then drift to umbridge herself . suddenly he falter . ron notice . eye he curiously . whisper : reg cattermole / ron what be it ? the corner of Harry 's eye contract , he head slightly cocked ... as if he can sense the presence of something . albert runcorn /harry it 's here ... as ron react -- decipher Harry 's word -- a woman 's voice come they way : mary cattermole reg ... ron turn . below the balustrade , a frail woman , mary cattermole , sit alone , wrist chain . see ron , she want face brighten . ron glance at Harry , who nod , urging he on . ron move to the center of the room , take he place behind the woman . hesitate , he place he hand gently upon she shoulder , then glance up , see hermione watch he . umbridge Mary Elizabeth cattermole ? mary cattermole yes . umbridge mother to maisie , ellie and Alfred ? wife to reginald ? Mary look up to ron , she eye glisten with fear . he smile reassuringly . she look away , reply : mary cattermole yes . ( continued ) 85 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 64a~. continued : 85 Harry eye umbridge . she have drape the pink scarf over she chair , revealing a gold chain that extend from she neck down into the ruffle fold of she blouse . a slight humming , faint and oddly lyrical , ring in Harry 's ear as he study the chain . as if draw forward by some irresistible force , he begin to drift toward the balustrade . umbridge a wand be take from you upon you arrival at the Ministry today , Mrs. cattermole . be this that wand ? umbridge display a cherrywood wand . Mary cattermole nod . umbridge would you please tell the court from which witch or wizard you take this wand . ( continued ) 85 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 mary cattermole but I do not take it . I get it in diagon alley , at ollivander 's , when I be eleven . it choose I . umbridge lean forward , tooth glitter as the cat slink by and briefly illuminate she face -- and the chain at she neck tremble like a snake , something heavy swinging forward and dangle over the void . the locket . ron stare at it dumbstruck . hermione catch she breath . Harry , fully remove from the shadow now , stand clearly in view , the corner of he eye narrowing once again , the hum grow louder in he ear . slowly , he reach into he pocket ... umbridge no , no , I do not think so , Mrs. cattermole . wand only choose witch . and you be not a witch . mary cattermole but I be ! tell they , reg ! tell they what I be ! ron start to speak , but umbridge 's gaze have shift , to Harry , to the wand rise in he hand .. and point at she . umbridge what the devil be you do , Albert ? as Harry speak , he own face ripple through runcorn 's , the polyjuice potion wear off . albert runcorn /harry you be lie . and one must not tell lie , dolore ... stupefy ! a flash of red light hit umbridge and she slump , forehead strike the balustrade . instantly the silver cat vanish . yaxley draw he wand , but ron be too quick and take he out with a single blast . hermione strip the locket from umbridge 's neck and leap down . instantly , she breath come in plume as the dementor drift forward . albert runcorn / harry expeto patronum ! a silver stag soar from the tip of Harry 's wand , circle the room as it drive the dementor back . ( continued ) 85 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 65a . continued : ( 3 ) 85 hermione relashio ! the chain encircle Mary cattermole 's wrist drop like dead snake . as she stand , she eye Harry in amazement as he transform back into himself . ( continued ) 85 86 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 66 . continued : ( 4 ) 85 mary cattermole you ? it 's you ! reg , it 's Harry Potter ! reg cattermole / ron ' tis , be not it ? this 's 1ll be one to tell the kid . int . ministry of magic - atrium - morning ( moment later ) 86 as the trio , along with Mary cattermole , pelt into the atrium and race toward the fireplace , Harry bump into the mutter wizard , who spin , take a look at Harry , blink . muttering wizard Harry Potter ...? ( louder ) Harry Potter . another wizard hear , look , then repeat the same , Harry 's name spread like wildfire in the gloomy hush . hermione glance about nervously and as she do , begin to transform back into herself . hermione Harry ... they have see you . we have get to get out of here . Harry nod , quicken he pace . ron glance about , then turn , face Mary as he continue to walk backwards . reg cattermole / ron Mary . go home . get the kid . I will ... i’1l meet you there . we have to get out the country , understand ? Mary shake she head , confuse . reg cattermole / ron Mary ! do as I say ! Mary stop , a bit teary - eye , nod dutifully . ron frown . reg cattermole / ron I be sorry . it 's just -- Mary cattermole take he by the collar , pull he into a deep kiss . Harry and hermione glance back and watch as ron transform -- during the kiss -- back into himself . ( continued ) 86 87 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 67 . continued : 86 reg cattermole mary ! all eye turn . the real reg cattermole stand -- robeless -- outside one of the fireplace . she look up at ron , now transformed , and jump back . ron Long story . Nice meeting you . he give she a peck , race off . he 's halfway to the fireplace when he spy ... percy . he slow , then stop altogether , and they stare , wordless , at one another . finally , percy begin to open he mouth -- ron piss off . yaxley stagger into the atrium . yaxley seal the exit ! now ! Harry , ron and hermione glance at each other , break for the fireplace . as yaxley fire on they , one fireplace after another seal itself . as they reach the last open grate , they pitch themselves -- as one -- onto the polished marble floor -- spell sailing over they head -- and go slide inside . as they fall into darkness , Harry glance back and watch yaxley pitch himself into the void just before a solid block of granite drop -- like a guillotine -- sealing the fireplace and plunging yaxley -- and the trio -- into total darkness . a whirlwind toss the trio as flash of light reveal each briefly , include yaxley , who reach out for hermione 's robe . the door of grimmauld place rush forward , the eye of the serpent knocker flash , then there be a burst of purple light , a torture scream and ... ext . forest - day ( moment later ) 87 the world spin as Harry lie on he back on a bed of leave and twig . above , sunlight stream through a canopy of tree . wincing , Harry rise on he elbow , see the locket lie in the dirt . he scrabble up , scoops it into he finger and grins . hermione Harry , quickly , in my bag , there 's a small bottle label ' essence of dittany . 's ( continued ) 87 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 68 . continued : 87 Harry turn , see hermione , bent over ron 's twitching body . hermione quickly ! Harry blink , stumble dizzily to the bag . as he reach in , object present themselves in furious succession . harry accio dittany . a small brown bottle land in he palm . hermione unstopper it . hermione rip open ron 's shirt , which be soak in blood . the flesh of he upper arm be flay , as if someone have scoop a portion away . harry hermione . his arm -- hermione just do it ! Harry do so , hand she the bottle . she sprinkle three drop onto ron 's bleeding wound . greenish smoke billow . harry what happen ? I think we be go back to grimmauld place . hermione we be . we be there . but yaxley have hold of I . I know we could not stay once he have see , so when he let go I bring we here . ron get splinch . I be ... sorry . harry do not be stupid . the smoke sift , clear . ron 's wound no longer bleed . hermione it 's all I feel safe do . hermione rise , take out she wand and begin to walk in a wide circle , muttering . hermione salvio hexia ... protego totalum ... ( continued ) 87 88 89 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 87 harry what be you do ? hermione protective enchantment . I do not fancy another visit like we have on shaftesbury Avenue , do you ? especially with ron like this . you can get go on the tent ... harry tent ? where be I suppose to find -- he stop , glance down at she bag , then back to hermione . hermione repello muggletum ... muffliato ... ext . forest - night ( later ) 88 the tent glow from within under a starlit sky . int . tent - same time - night 89 hermione pour tea from a kettle into cup . hermione how be the mushroom ? seem to be the only edible thing grow round here . Harry grimace as he chew . '' edible '' be clearly debatable . harry they be great . hermione make sure to leave some for ron . harry ( under he breath ) no problem . Harry set he plate aside , pluck up the locket , dangle it in the firelight . glance at ron. harry how bad be he ? ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 70 . 89 continued : 89 hermione he will be alright in a few day . hopefully . if we could take he to hogwart , to madam pomfrey -- Harry 's glance stop she , confirm what she know . hermione so where do we go next ? harry dumbledore have a theory . he feel that the horcrux would not be make out of random object . and he feel they would not be hide randomly either . we know of three so far . the ring , which accord to dumbledore belong to Tom riddle 's grandfather . the diary , which belong to Tom himself . and this , which -- again , accord to dumbledore -- belong to he mother . hermione eye the locket as it glimmer in the firelight . hermione it scare I a bit , that , think it 's a piece of vol -- ron no , do not ! do not say it ! Harry and hermione turn , see ron stir . ron it 's taboo -- you - know - who 's name . that 's how they track people now . it 's how they find we in the cafe that night . harry how do you know ? ron I overhear a bloke from the enforcement office talk about it at the Ministry . blimey , what 's that smell ? hermione ( no longer confident ) dinner ? ( continued ) 89 90 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 ron not bloody likely . smell like something Ginny would cook . hermione tea ? ron nod . grimace , he push himself up , notice he 's wear a sling of hermione 's fashion . he look from it to she as she tend the tea , a flicker of remorse play over he face for he '' dinner '' remark . ron be that it ? Harry nod , hand he the locket . ron turn it over in he hand . frown . look at Harry , who nod . harry I know . I feel it too . ( off hermione 's look ) it 's ... it 's like it 's tick or something , like it have a tiny metal heart , like it 's -- ron ++. alive . Harry nod . hermione eye it coldly . hermione I hate it . it 's like he 's here with we . harry that 's why we be go to kill it . ext . forest - close on locket - day 90 lying upon a tree stump . ron lean against a tree , look pale . hermione nod to Harry . he raise he wand . harry dissendium ! the locket spin swiftly in place , but remain whole . hermione incendio ! flame engulf the locket and its metal flesh turn scarlet , but then the flame die . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 71a. 90 continued : 90 harry expulso ! ( continued ) 90 91 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 90 the tree stump explode , but the locket remain unmark . hermione confringo ! the ground beneath the stump crater , but the locket remain untouched . hermione lower she wand , but Harry continue on , fire a succession of spell , look almost possess . hermione study he oddly until , finally , he stop . all go silent except for the leave shifting in wind above . then , slowly , another sound come clear ... a ticking . come from the locket . ron it 's angry . hermione shiver . Harry step forward , kneel down and take the locket by its chain . it tick . he sling it over he neck . rise . hermione what be you do ? harry we have to keep it safe until we can figure out how to destroy it . hermione I can put it in my bag -- harry no . ron seem strange , mate . dumbledore send you off to find a load of horcrux , but do not bother to tell you how to destroy they . do not that bother you ? Harry study the locket , whose ticking have slowed , then walk off . hermione eye ron , who return she glance , then push away from the tree and walk off slowly in the opposite direction . int . tent —- dusk 91 ron lie on he cot , fiddling with the radio . voice surface in the static briefly , then fade . 92 93 94 95 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 73. ext . encampment —- same time - dusk 92 Harry turn the mirror shard over in he finger , then eye hermione collect flower in the distance . she look beautiful . see he , she smile , wave , move on . the radio spit static and he tilt the mirror so he can see ron . he look annoyed , but hold he tongue and slip the mirror in he pocket . notice the locket , he slip it from he shirt , study the fissure in the locket 's metal skin . suddenly he wince . the locket spill from he palm , dance upon the chain . the skin encircle he scar constrict . voldemort ( v.o. ) tell I , gregorovitch . tell I where it be ... int . wandshop - back room - night 93 a old man ( gregorovitch ) with pure-white hair and a bushy beard cower in a dark corner . gregorovitch I tell you ! I no longer have it ! it be steal from I ! many year ago ! voldemort you would not be lie to I , would you , gregorovitch ? because , I must tell you ... that will only make it worse for you ... as a bony hand -- voldemort 's -- extend a wand , gregorovitch react with fear and we rush in , drifting through he dilating pupil into ... flashback - int . dark corridor - year past 94 «+. a hall of shadow . a young gregorovitch hurry toward a distant room , a lantern bob in he hand . gregorovitch ( v.o. ) I speak the truth ! I remember like it be yesterday ... int . workshop - continuous action 95 gregorovitch burst inside , lantern sway . Wood shaving litter the floor . ( continued ) 95 96 97 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 74 . continued : 95 on the window ledge , perch like a giant bird , a young man ( grindewald ) with golden hair grin devilishly , then raise he wand . a blast of light bleach the screen and we -- CUT to : int . wandshop - back room - night ( present ) 96 gregorovitch 's face stricken with terror , as voldemort 's want tip blaze with light . voldemort who be he ? the thief ? gregorovitch just a boy ! not of the village . it be he who take it . I never see it again . I swear on my life . voldemort I believe you ... a burst of GREEN light engulf the room and ... ext . tent - dusk 97 Harry 's eye flutter open . he see hermione , beautiful in the amber dusk , stand a bit away , study he . hermione I think it have stop . Harry look at she , shake he head . hermione you can not let he in , Harry . dumbledore himself say it . you have to close you mind . it 's too dangerous -- harry it 's not a candle I can blow out , hermione . it always burn , even if it 's just a flicker . can you understand that ? Harry eye she , then look away . she frown , concerned by this , then : hermione tell I . what you see . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 74a. 97 continued : 97 harry he 's find he . vol -- he stop , glance back toward the tent , toward ron . harry you -know - who . he 's find gregorovitch -- hermione the wandmaker ? harry yes . how have you know ? hermione viktor get he wand from gregorovitch . most durmstrang student do at one time . what 's he get to do with you -know - who ? ( continued ) 97 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 75 . continued : ( 2 ) 97 harry you - know - who want something gregorovitch once have -- dunno what . but he 's desperate to have it . it 's as if he life depend on it . hermione study Harry . the radio squawks from inside the tent . Harry 's eye flare ; he start to speak -- hermione do not -- it ... comfort he . harry well it set my tooth on edge . what 's he expect to hear ? good news ? hermione I think he just hope he do not hear bad news . it get he through the day . harry and what get you through the day ? hermione we have all make sacrifice , Harry . Harry eye she expressionlessly , nod toward the tent . harry how long before he can travel ? hermione I do not know . it take time . I be do all I can . harry you be not do enough . hermione study Harry 's angry profile . then : hermione take it off . Harry turn , see hermione study he closely . she point toward he throat , toward the locket . hermione take it off . now . Harry slip the locket off ... react . ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 101 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 76 . continued : ( 3 ) 97 hermione better ? harry load . hermione take the locket , cradle it in she finger . hermione it 's cold . even though it 's be lie against you skin for day . hermione see Harry study the locket , troubled . hermione we will take turn . okay ? hermione slip it over she neck . she frown briefly , sense its presence , then look up at Harry . he study she , then nod . int . tent - night ( later ) 98 ron sleep beside the crackling radio . Harry lie a few foot away , awake . ext . tent - same time - night 99 hermione huddle outside in the frigid darkness , tremble . her eye rake the tree . deep within , there be , for the briefest of instance ... movement . or so it seem . she squint . see nothing . returns she chin to she chest . as she do , something carry on the air ... laughter . the cackle of ... boy ? or so it seem . her chin rise . she look again into the tree ... int . tent - same time - night 100 Harry reach out , start to turn the radio off when : radio ( v.o . ) .-. severus snape , newly appoint headmaster of hogwart ... as the signal fade , Harry roll onto he side and twist the dial . behind he , we see hermione 's shadow rise , move away from the tent ... ext . encampment - same time - night 101 hermione move toward the tree ... 102 103 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 77 . int . tent - same time - night 102 as the radio resist he , fade in and out , Harry grab he rucksack , pull out the wrinkle marauder 's map . radio ( v.o. ) ... bear little resemblance to the school under dumbledore 's leadership . snape 's curriculum be severe , reflect the wish of the Dark Lord and infraction be deal with harshly by the two death eater on the staff ... Harry peer at the map before he and -- sure enough -- discover snape 's name drift about dumbledore 's office . ext . tree - same time - night 103 hermione move deeper into the tree , then stop . shadow splinter amid the tower trunk and voice come clearer . stand utterly still , hermione watch as a gang of snatcher make they way in she direction . they look unwash and feral , as if they have be in the wild for some time . as they pass , within foot of she , but unable to see she , only hermione 's eye track they passage . as before scabior lead the way , fenrir greyback at he side . abruptly , scabior stop , eye narrowing . scabior what 's that ? that ... smell ? the other glance about dumbly . scabior retrace he step until he stand directly in front of hermione , he eye look right through she . he lean forward ever - so - slightly , only inch from she neck , nostril flaring . the locket tick , tremble upon hermione 's breastbone . then , slowly , scabior pull back , eye probing the darkness , before withdraw , lead the other away . the last pair drag what appear to be body . as they vanish within the tree , hermione finally swallow . harry ( 0.s. ) snatcher . she spin , find Harry stand a few foot off . harry good to know you enchantment work . ( continued ) 103 104 105 105 a 105 B harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 78 . continued : 103 hermione he could smell it . my perfume . ext . tent - same time - night 104 ron push past the tent flap , peer into the darkness . in the distance , he see Harry and hermione . stand close . ext . tree - same time - night ( alt ) 105 hermione hug herself . shiver . harry we have to leave . we be not safe here . hermione I tell you . ron 's not strong enough to apparate . harry then we will go by foot . ext . farm - day 105 a we pan down from the sky , find the horizon . three figure approach in the distance . Harry . hermione . ron. we hold . then , faintly , so faint it can barely be hear at first , a soft whistling SOUND rise on the breeze . we pan back up . slowly , one by one , dot perforate the blue . the whistling SOUND build . Harry stop , listen , then turn . hermione trail a few foot behind , stop , eyeing he questioningly . we rack focus , over she shoulder , watch the dot attenuate , take the shape of plume . ext . farm - barn - day ( second later ) 105b the whistling be ear-splitting now , more of a roar , as the trio scarper into a list barn and throw shut the door . as they peer upward through the skeletal remain of the hayloft , they face lash with light , they see a succession of death eater strafe the blue above . the rotting timber buzze and bat dance crazily in the loft above . gradually , the sound recede . the bat settle . 106 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 78a . ext . rolling landscape - day ( alt ) 106 a epic flyover . Three small figure move slowly below . one figure -- ron -- trail the other two : Harry and hermione . we CUT down to ground level . to ron . he glance about sullenly , stare at the forsaken landscape , then look up ahead to Harry and hermione . the sight of they , walk side - by-side , do nothing to improve he mood . ron I be hungry . Harry and hermione stop , turn . Study he for a moment . harry what ? ron I be hungry . hermione glance at Harry , who continue to stare at ron , as if take the measure of he . harry we be all hungry . ron return Harry 's glance , then look off again . hermione cross to ron , examine he ragged bandage . ron leave it . hermione glance at ron 's profile , then -- briefly -- at the horcrux dangle from he neck . ignoring he word , she begin to rummage in she bead bag . ron mum can make food appear out of thin air . hermione ( tenderly ) no one can conjure food out of thin air . food be the first of the five principal exception to gamp 's Law . the other four be -- ron ( sharply ) oh , speak English , can not you ? as ron jerk he injure arm away , hermione look up , meet ron 's hard gaze . ( continued ) 106 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 78b. continued : 106 ron I say leave it . hermione glance at the bandage in she hand , put it away . harry it will be dark soon . we need to find a place to sleep . hermione good plan . ron yeah . brilliant . only , correct I if I be wrong ... be not that yesterday 's plan ? and the day before that ? and the day before that ? walk . sleep . walk . sleep . Harry stare at ron , then begin to walk toward he . hermione watch silently . ron stand utterly still . when Harry stop , he simply nod to ron 's neck . harry my turn . as he reach out , ron block he hand . for a moment , they simply stand silently . then ron strip the chain from he neck , hand it to Harry and brushes past he . Harry glance at hermione , drape the horcrux over he head and follow . hermione watch they go , then do the same . 107 107a 107b 108 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 79 . ext . encampment ( cooling tower ) - late afternoon 107 a light rain fall . Harry , wear the locket now , walk the perimeter of the camp . he glower toward the tent in the distance . in the tent , safe , warm and out of earshot , hermione tend to ron 's arm as he stare at Harry . ron he do not know what he 's do , do he ? a frown crease hermione 's forehead as she study ron , then she glance at Harry , a trace of doubt in she eye . hermione none of we do . ext . valley - day 107a Three figure move through a blood-re autumnal landscape . ext . abandoned caravan park - day 107b the char husk of several rv -- hulk black mass -- lay about the ash-ridd park . ron , trail by Harry and hermione , pause . his eye scan the scorched earth , fix on a blackened swing , sway back and forth in a tiny playground . his eye shift to the ground and he crouch . his finger shift the dry dirt , reveal a shiny toy not of Muggle make . ron wizard be here . hermione I do not like this place . Harry and ron both turn , look at she . hermione I want to go . ext . clearing - day 108 ron 's face fill the screen -- unwash and wild . he look toward something unseen . then ... «+. a rabbit hop into view , nose probing some brush . slowly , ron raise he wand , poise to fire when ... ( continued ) 108 109 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 79a . continued : 108 bam ! dirt explode near the rabbit 's rump and it be off and run . second later , Harry appear , give chase . ron curse and pelt after . the rabbit zig - zag through the tree , elude one blast after another as Harry and ron trip through the forest . they begin laugh , they aim become more and more erratic . a tree limb explode over Harry 's head and he wheel , fire playfully back at ron . they exchange a few more blast when one narrowly miss Harry . instinctively , eye flaring , he wheel , fire back at ron , narrowly miss he . they both stop , stare at one another , chest heaving , they breath drift in plume , smile go . ron rub he injure arm , almost heal now , and turn away . int . tent - same time - close on a sizzling pan - late 109 afternoon «+. of mushroom . ( continued ) 109 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 80 . continued : 109 in the shadow , ron lie on he back , stare gloomily at the pitch ceiling of the tent , listen to the radio 's murmur , while hermione , wearing a red scarf against the chill , run the finger of she leave hand through Harry 's hair , alternately employ the wand in she right hand to trim Harry 's hair and flip the page of a History of Magic . hermione oh my god ... harry ( alarmed ) what ? hermione I ' 11 tell you in a minute . Harry watch he hair drop to the ground . harry maybe you could tell I now . hermione alright . the sword of gryffindor ? it 's goblin make . harry brilliant . hermione you do not understand . dirt and rust have no effect on the blade . it only take in that which make it stronger . harry o-kay . hermione Harry . you already destroy one horcrux , right ? Tom riddle 's diary -- in the chamber of secret . harry with a basilisk fang . if you tell I you have get one of that in that bloody bead bag of yours -- hermione do not you see ! in the chamber of secret , you stab the basilisk with the sword of gryffindor . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 109 hermione ( cont 'd ) its blade be impregnate with basilisk venom . harry it only take in that which make it stronger ... hermione exactly ! which mean ... harry .». it can destroy horcrux . hermione which be why dumbledore leave it to you in he will . harry you be brilliant , hermione . truly . hermione actually , I be highly logical , which allow I to look past the extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which other overlook . harry there 's only one problem ... suddenly the light click off ... ron the sword be steal . the light click back on . hermione and Harry turn , see ron , deluminator in hand , lie in the shadow of he bunk , stare at the roof as the first drop of rain hit the canvas above . ron yeah , I be still here . but you two carry on . do not let I spoil you fun . Harry glance at hermione , who be study ron warily . harry what 's the problem ? ron Problem ? there 's no problem . not accord to you , anyway . ( continued ) 109 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 81a . continued : ( 3 ) 109 heavy drop of rain begin to pelt the canvas of the tent . plunk . plunk . plunk . harry look , do not be shy . if you have get something to say , spit it out . ron swing out of the bunk . as he face meet the light , he look mean , the locket chain glitter . ( continued ) 109 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 82. continued : ( 4 ) 109 ron all right , I will spit it out . do not expect I to skip up and down because now there 's some other damn thing we have get to find . hermione ( quietly ) ron ... harry I think you know what you sign up for . ron yeah , I think I do too . harry I do not understand . what part of this be not live up to you expectation ? do you think we have be stay in five-star hotel ? find a horcrux every other day ? do you think you would be back to mummy by Christmas ? ron no , I just reckone after all this time , we would have actually achieve something . I reckone you know what you be do . I reckone dumbledore have tell you something worthwhile ! I reckone you have a plan ! harry I have tell you everything dumbledore tell I ! and in case you have not notice , we have find a horcrux ! ron yeah , and we be about as near get rid of it as we be to find the rest of they , be not we ! ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 83 . continued : ( 5 ) 109 hermione take it off , ron . please take it off . you would not be talk like this if you have not be wear it all day -- harry yeah , he would . d’you think I have not notice the two of you whisper behind my back ? d’you think I have not guess what you be think ? hermione Harry , we be not -- ron do not lie ! you say it , too , you say you be disappointed -- hermione I do not ! not like that ! Harry -- I do not ! ron do you know why I listen to that radio , every night ? do you ! to make sure I do not hear Ginny 's name or Fred or George or mum or -- harry you think I do not listen ! you think I do not know what it 's like -- ron no ! you don ’t know what it 's like ! you parent be dead ! you have no family ! Dead silence . Harry glare at ron . hermione look shocked . suddenly , they both rush forward and lock on each other 's throat , hermione rush in . hermione stop ! stop ! they let go , step back . Harry point to ron 's neck . harry go then . but leave that . hermione , eye flash with panic , glance from Harry to ron . ron strip the chain from he neck , cast it away , then turn to hermione . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 83a. 109 continued : ( 6 ) 109 ron and you ? hermione me? ron be you stay ? or come ? hermione look anguish , glance from one to the other . the canvas stream with rain behind she . ( continued ) 109 110 111 112 113 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 84 . continued : ( 7 ) 109 ron Fine . I get it . I see you two the other night . yeah , that 's right . do not know I know , do you ? hermione what ? ron , no -- please -- he whip aside the tent flap and the rain roar . as hermione rush after he , she tip over the radio . as it hiss Harry glower at the horcrux . second later , hermione return , sopping hair plaster to she face . hermione he 's go . ext . riverbank —- morning 110 the river flow quietly , thick and muddy from the previous night 's rain . Harry emerge from the tent , peer into the tree . hermione stand far down by the riverbank , tie the red scarf to a tree . ext . riverbank - late morning 111 hermione , eye red from cry , clutches the bead bag in one hand while the locket dangle from the other . she peer one last time toward the tree , then , without turn , reach out she hand . Harry study she , then step forward , gently take she finger in he . instantly ... ... they disapparate , pitch into a whirlwind of darkness . as they reappear ... ext . hillside - late morning 112 ++. on a windswept hillside , they hand break free and hermione stumble away , sob rack she body as she bury she face in she hand . Harry watch she , then turn away , take out he wand and begin to walk in a circle , casting enchantment in a soft voice . harry salvio hexia ... protego totalum ... ext . hillside - dusk 113 Harry walk the perimeter of the camp , look up every so often to look at the illuminated tent . ( continued ) 113 114 115 116 117 118 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 85 . continued : 113 he watch hermione 's shadow pass within , slide over the canvas . second later , the radio crackle to life . he shake he head , vaguely annoyed , then start to move off again when a song come clear . he stop . int . tent - dusk ( second later ) 114 as Harry duck into the tent , hermione look up . hermione it 's a Muggle station . hermione smile and Harry do too . Harry listen then , debate , reach out he hand . hermione eye he uncertainly , then allow he to pull she to she foot . he step forward , gently remove the locket from she neck and toss it to the ground . she look at it , then back to he . he smile and , without prompt ... «+. they begin to dance , tentatively at first , then let themselves go . ext . tent - same time - dusk 115 they shadow flicker upon the canvas like joyous shadow puppet , move with abandon until , abruptly , the signal slip away and ... int . tent —- same time - dusk 116 «+. the static return . they smile fade . they stop move . hermione avert she eye , exit . Harry watch she go , then take the locket from the floor , sling it over he neck . ext . hillside - day 117 hermione , wrap in a blanket , sit just outside the tent by a wind - whipped fire , go back and forth between tale of beedle the bard and another book , spellman 's syllabary . int . tent - same time - day 118 Harry lie on the top bunk above ron 's empty lower , eyeing he face in the surface of the snitch sit there . as he take it in hand , the wing begin to flap slowly up and down . he watch it for a long time ... when a idea strike . ( continued ) 118 119 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 86 . continued : 118 fold he finger around the orb , he bring it to he lip briefly , then turn it over in he palm . the snitch 's tired wing go still . then , as if write by a invisible hand , word appear on the smooth golden surface : '' I open at the close . '' harry hermione . ext . hillside - continuous action - day 119 Harry slip through the flap , hand she the snitch . harry you be right . it 's like you say . snitch have flesh memory . but I do not catch my first snitch with my hand . I almost swallow it . hermione watch the word vanish on orb . hermione ' I open at the close ? 's harry what do you reckon it mean ? hermione I do not know . but look , I have find something as well ... she turn the tale of beedle the bard into the flicker light , point to the top of the title page , to a SMALL drawing of a triangular eye . hermione I think it be a picture of a eye , but now I do not think it be . it be not a rune and it 's not in spellman 's syllabary either . and it 's be ink in -- somebody draw it -- it be not part of the book . harry luna 's dad be wear that , at ron - ( catch himself ) at Bill and fleur 's wedding . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 87 . 119 continued : 119 hermione what do you mean -- wear it ? harry around he neck . like a amulet . I do not think much of it at the time . you know luna -- she 's always get some mad thing or the other she 's carry around . I just figure it run in the family . hermione why would someone have draw it in a child 's book ? as hermione shake she head , muse , Harry eye she . harry hermione , I have be think . I -- I want to go to godric 's hollow . it 's where I be bear , it 's where my parent die -- hermione and it 's exactly where you - know - who will expect you to go . because it mean something to you . harry but it mean something to he too , hermione . you - know - who nearly die there . would not that be just the kind of place he have hide a horcrux ? hermione eye he . despite herself , she know he 's right . hermione it 's dangerous , Harry . but I have to admit , recently even I have be think we might have to go . I think it 's possible something else be hide there . ( off Harry 's look ) the sword . if dumbledore do not want it fall into the Ministry 's hand , but want you to find it , what better place to hide it than the birthplace of the founder of gryffindor himself ? ( continued ) 119 120 121 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 88. continued : ( 2 ) 119 harry godric 's hollow be the birthplace of godric gryffindor -- I mean , ' course it be . obvious , be not it ? hermione ( eyeing he knowingly ) Harry , do you ever even open a History of Magic ? harry toss it at neville once when he be snore -- might have pop open . she smile , then rise , collect she book and blanket . harry hermione ... word fail he . hermione reach out , lightly stroke he hair as she head toward the tent . hermione do not ever let I give you a haircut again . ext . godric 's hollow - night 120 Golden streetlight glimmer along a narrow road lead to the center of town . Christmas decoration twinkle in the window of small cottage , roof blankete in snow . hermione and Harry apparate into view , wear heavy coat and hat , scarve wrap around they mouth . hermione I still think we should have use polyjuice potion . harry no . this be where I be bear . I be not return as someone else . he hold out he arm and hermione take it . they move off . ext . town CENTER - night ( moment later ) 121 Harry and hermione walk , arm link . a pub door open briefly and laughter and music spill forth . ( continued ) 121 122 123 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 89 . continued : 121 hermione Harry , I think it 's Christmas Eve ! listen ... her voice be wistful . as they listen , voice carry from the church up ahead . Harry eye the graveyard beyond . harry do you think they have be in there ? my mum and dad ? hermione yeah . I think they would . ext . church - closer - night ( moment later ) 122 the singing be full and rich here as Harry and hermione make they way through the snow toward the graveyard . Harry peer up at the stained glass window glitter over he . ext . graveyard - night ( moment later ) 123 Harry push through a gate , then let go of hermione 's hand , row upon row of snowy tombstone stretch before he . as he head off , hermione study he , then follow . new angle - graveyard hermione pause by a large tombstone freckle with lichen . hermione Harry . harry be it -- ? hermione no . but look . Harry step over , look : kendra dumbledore and her daughter ariana . a quotation be etched in the granite : '' where you treasure be , there will you heart be also . '' hermione do you know he have a sister ? Harry stare at the stone , he face a mask . ( continued ) 123 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 90 . continued : 123 harry no . Harry turn away , walk off . new angle - tombstone hermione walk amid the stone , study the name , then stop by a extremely old grave . she crouch . hermione lumos . hermione play the wand 's light over the surface of the stone , then stop . though deeply wear by time , the symbol be unmistakable : the triangular eye . hermione rake the light over the name : ignotus peverell . hermione ignotus ... hey , har -- she stop . Harry stand several row away . utterly still . new angle - harry as he stare at the tombstone of he parent : jame potter lily potter bear 27 March 1960 bear 30 January 1960 die 31 October 1981 die 31 October 1981 '' the last enemy that shall be destroy be death . '' hermione appear , look at Harry . see that tear be stream down he cheek . hermione raise she wand , trace a circle in the air and a wreath of christmas rose blossom in the snow . Harry nod , stare at they . harry happy Christmas , hermione . hermione happy Christmas , Harry . hermione lace she arm around he waist and he drape he arm over she shoulder . they stand silently . then : hermione Harry ... ( continued ) 123 124 125 126 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 123 harry yeah . hermione someone 's watch we . by the gate . Harry nod , careful not to look too soon , then glance up . a stooped figure , barely discernible in the drift snow , stand in the shadow of the church . she -- it be distinctly female , and older -- do not move initially -- as if want Harry to see she -- then turn away . harry c'mon . ext . town CENTER - night ( moment later ) 124 all light have leave the sky . the stoop figure hobble along , past the pub , where shadow play against the window and muffle voice can be hear . Harry and hermione follow . ext . narrow alley - night ( moment later ) 125 hermione eye the woman ahead , then look about they surroundings , feel trap . hermione I do not think this be a good idea . harry we look like ordinary muggles . hermione muggles who have just be lay flower on you parent 's grave . just then , up ahead , the stoop woman hold up she hand and hermione and Harry stop . second later , a group of snatcher pass by the alley . as they vanish , the woman continue on . harry relax . this be right . I know it . ext . lane - night ( moment later ) 126 the woman hobble on . the lane be line with modest cottage with small and tidy garden . hermione barely give they a glance , nervously eyeing the woman ahead , before realize she be walk alone . ( continued ) 126 127 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 92 . continued : 126 she turn , see Harry stand several yard back , stare at a dark cottage , its garden overgrown with weed , its roof entirely cover in ivy and snow . hermione return to he , look . gasp . hermione omigod . Harry ... harry this be where they die , hermione . this be where he murder they . hermione study Harry 's bitter profile , then the house , careful not to disturb the moment with word . absently , Harry place he finger upon the locket at he chest . it be tremble -- over - so-slightly . then , without turn , while still stare at the house , Harry speak : harry you be bathilda , be not you ? hermione blink , confuse , then turn and jump . the old woman be stand only yard away , watch they . int . bathilda bagshot 's house - night ( moment later ) 127 the door rattles open and tiny bathilda bagshot hobble inside , follow first by Harry , then hermione , who wrinkle she nose . as bathilda exit the room , hermione glance about . hermione Harry , I be not sure about this . harry hermione , she know dumbledore . she might have the sword . besides , she 's barely knee-high to a house - elf . I think we can overpower she if it turn ugly . hermione there 's something odd about she . and what 's that smell ? harry she 's gaga , remember ? bathilda return , hold a box of match . she strike one , try to light a candle , but she movement be clumsy . harry here . let I do that . ( continued ) 127 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 93 . continued : 127 hermione you have a lovely house , miss bagshot . hermione eye a photograph of a curiously compelling young girl ( ariana ) , then run a finger along a table . it come away thick with dust . she frown , look up , find bathilda watch she . harry miss bagshot ? who be this man ? Harry stand by a chest of drawer , hold the match over a grouping of photograph . coate in dust , the figure in the frame flit like ghost behind veil . Harry pick one up , wipe away the dust with he hand . in it a merry - face boy look out , he cheery expression bely a particularly intense gaze . harry his name . can you tell I he name ? bathilda stare at the photograph solemnly , then peer up at Harry . her eye be thick with cataract . Harry stare , unnerve , then hermione walk over , look at the picture . harry this be he , hermione . the one I see in gregorovitch 's wandshop . the thief . miss bagshot , who be he ? she look at he , then jerk she head toward the stair . harry she want we to go upstairs . hermione all right ... as hermione move , bathilda shake she head , point at Harry . harry she want I to go . alone . hermione why ? ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 131 132 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 94 . continued : ( 2 ) 127 harry it 's all right . you stay here . hermione Harry ... Harry hold up he hand , silencing she , then follow bathilda . just before he disappear , he look back and wink , but hermione do not look reassure . int . serpentine staircase - night ( second later ) 128 Harry trail bathilda up a circular staircase , uncomfortably narrow and line with book . int . bagshot house - sitting room - close on a book - 129 same time - night the life and lies of albus dumbledore . a hand reach in , take it . hermione 's hand . a note be attach : '' dear batty . thanks for you help . you say everything ... even if you do not remember . rita . '' int . bagshot house - bedroom - same time - night 130 Harry enter a dark low-ceilinged room . he wrinkle he nose at the smell , then hear the door close behind he . the room plunge into darkness . harry lumos . Harry sweep the room , give a start . bathilda 's face waver in the dark , only foot away , stare at he . int . hallway - same time - night 131 hermione hug herself as she exit the sit room and peer into the adjacent hallway . a sliver of the kitchen can be see and a faint buz hear . a strange shadow dance on one kitchen wall , of speck move . hermione approach . int . bagshot house - bedroom - same time - night 132 Harry watch as bathilda move closer , transfix by she milky eye . the horcrux on he chest twitches . ( continued ) 132 133 134 135 136 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 95 . continued : 132 bathilda bagshot ( in parseltongue ) you be Potter ? harry ( in parseltongue ) yes . int . bagshot house - hallway / kitchen - same time - night 133 as hermione near the kitchen , she eye the cloud of speck swarm the wall curiously . the buz grow to a hiss as the room ... come into view . hermione gasp . clotted blood streak the sink and great wide swath of red stain the floor where hundred of fly swarm . bathilda bagshot ( 0.s. ) ( in parseltongue ) I have something for you ... hermione 's gaze rise , to the ceiling , to the HEATING vent , from which the hiss voice have just come . int . bagshot house - bedroom - same time - night 134 Harry 's arm droops , he wand tip painting the room with dot of light as he sway , wince as he scar sting . bathilda point , to a dress table cluttere with soile laundry , she milky eye fix on Harry . something surface in she filmy corneas , she pupil change from dot to silt . int . serpentine staircase - same time - night 135 hermione , wand draw , ascend the stair . int . bagshot house - bedroom - same time - night 136 Harry peer at the foul laundry , move closer , when , out of the corner of he eye , bathilda move weirdly . he wheel and watch in horror as ... bathilda 's old body collapse and nagini pour from she neck . as Harry raise he wand , nagini strike , pierce he forearm . his wand fly out of he hand , its light spin dizzily around the room . nagini 's tail swing about , knock Harry 's leg out from under he . ( continued ) 136 137 138 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 96 . continued : 136 hermione ( 0.s. ) Harry ! as Harry roll onto he back , gasp for breath , nagini 's massive body roll over he , the horcrux tick feverishly against he chest . as Harry roar in pain , the lense of he glass fracture . the bedroom door swing open , reveal hermione silhouett against the stairwell , wand poise . a flash of red light ricochet around the room and nagini 's tail whip angrily about , shatter the bedroom window . hermione dive aside and Harry cover he face as the curtain burst into flame and shard of glass shower the room in a rush of cold air . as Harry reclaim he wand and rise , nagini 's body uncoil in fury , splintering furniture and blast hole into the wall . hermione confringo ! as hermione 's spell carom off the tremble wall , we see both she and Harry reflect in a mirror . he leap , sweeping she toward the smolder window . as they pitch themselves into the night , the mirror explode and shard of glass , reflect bit of hermione and Harry and the giant snake , tumble in the night , slowly vanish into ... nothingness . ext . river / wood ( forest of dean ) - day 137 weirdly quiet . like the memory of a day long ago . a lone figure -- hermione -- walk from the river to the wood , a pail of water in hand , leave silent footprint in the frost that glitter on the ground . int . tent ( forest of dean ) - early morning 138 darkness . for a moment , we hear nothing . then , hermione 's voice softly whisper : hermione ( 0.s. ) Harry ... Harry , can you hear I ...? harry ( 0.s. ) yes . hermione ( 0.s. ) good . that 's good ... ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 96~a. 138 continued : 138 harry ( 0.s. ) we get away . ( continued ) 138 139 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 97 . continued : ( 2 ) 138 hermione ( 0.s. ) yes . harry ( 0.s. ) be you alright ? hermione ( 0.s. ) I be fine . but you have be sick . Rest ... Rest a bit more ... all stay dark ... ext . tent ( forest of dean ) - morning 139 hermione sit read a book by the fire . the hillside be glorious , overlook a vast valley . harry ( 0.s. ) you have outdone yourself this time . hermione turn , find Harry stand outside the tent , admire the view . he look pale , battle - wear . hermione the Forest of Dean . I come here once with my mum and dad , year ago . it 's just how I remember it . the tree . the river . it 's like nothing 's change . not true , of course . everything 's change . if I bring my parent here , they would not recognize any of it . not the tree . not the river . not ... I . harry where be they ? hermione wendell and monica wilken now reside happily in Sydney , Australia . they have two dog , run a small sweet shop , but floss daily . no child . she smile , then it fade . hermione maybe we should just stay here , Harry . grow old . Harry have no word . she inhale , shake off she tear . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 97a . 139 continued : 139 hermione you want to know who the boy in the photograph be . well , I know . ( continued ) 139 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 139 hermione hold up the book in she lap : the life and lies of albus dumbledore . hermione it be in bathilda 's sit room . rita skeeter have send it to she . Harry , it do not make for very nice read -- harry who be he , hermione ? the thief ? do dumbledore know he ? hermione yes . harry well ? hermione for a time . harry tell I , hermione . who be he ? hermione gellert grindelwald . he 's not very well know in Britain , but there be a time , before you - know - who ... harry hermione , I do not need to have read a History of Magic to know who gellert grindelwald be . hermione nod , hand he the book , open to a photograph of a teenaged dumbledore laugh with another boy ( gellert grindelwald ) . the caption : '' for the Greater good ? Dark day ; dumbledore and grindelwald . '' on the opposite page be a photograph of grindelwald in later day , clad in black , hold a jagged wand -- no longer the carefree lad of youth . hermione when grindelwald be seventeen , he be expell from durmstrang . he have start do some twisted thing at school -- experiment . a few teacher have always protect he , but they could not anymore . after he leave , he travel for awhile , then end up in godric 's hollow where he great aunt live , bathilda bagshot . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 99 . 139 continued : ( 3 ) 139 harry get to the hard part , hermione . hermione she introduce he to dumbledore . it make sense . dumbledore 's mother have just die , grindelwald be troubled and they be both brilliant -- they have never really have anyone they could talk to on the same level . they do a lot of talk that summer . but they always return to one particular subject . Harry look up . hermione wizard rule over muggles . harry and dumbledore believe in it ? hermione yes . Harry nod , look at the photograph again . harry ' for the Greater good . 's what do that mean ? hermione it be something dumbledore come up with . he believe wizard be superior and should rule over muggles , but gently , for they own good . grindelwald take a more violent position . Harry shake he head , stare at the book . hermione it be a different time , Harry . it be one summer . dumbledore be young -- harry we be young , hermione . and here we be , risk we life to fight against the very thing dumbledore support . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 99a~. 139 continued : ( 4 ) 139 hermione he change , Harry . year later , it be dumbledore who put grindelwald in prison . ( continued ) 139 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 100 . continued : ( 5 ) 139 Harry stare at the photograph of the laugh thief one last moment , then toss the book away . harry where 's my wand ? I x11 take the watch . hermione hesitates . her expression make he apprehensive . harry hermione . where 's my wand ? she point . there , lie by the fire , be a shattered stick . he pick it up gently , see that it be nearly severe in two . one fragile strand of phoenix feather hold it together . hermione it 's my fault . as we be leave godric 's hollow , I cast a curse and it rebound ... I be sorry , Harry , I try to mend it but wand be different -- harry it 's do . hermione maybe we can -- harry it 's do . his tone put a end to it . she nod . harry leave I yours . you get back in the warm . and give I that . Harry gesture to the locket . hermione start to speak , then simply hand it over . she start to leave , pause . hermione he love you , Harry . I know he love you . she trail she finger lightly over he hair , and he close he eye . we -- dissolve to : 140 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 100~a . ext . tent ( forest of dean ) - night ( later ) 140 the fire be merely ember . Harry sit with a frost - encrust blanket drape over he shoulder , stare bitterly into the dark forest . the silence be eerie , shadow play in the tree . he peer through the tent flap and see hermione slumbering in the light of a SMALL BOWL of flame . then , slowly , light crawl briefly over the tent canvas and he turn , peer into the forest once more . something seem to glimmer faintly , but so briefly as to seem a trick of the eye . the air be cold , give texture to the darkness , make it a live thing . ( continued ) 140 141 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 101 . continued : 140 and then it be there again , the light -- pure and bright and silver and move through the tree toward he . Harry rise and the blanket slither off he shoulder . gripping hermione 's wand , he watch the light drift closer , then shatter throughout the tree , momentarily blind . and then it appear ... «+. a silver - white doe , moon-bright and dazzle . it gaze at Harry and he stand , transfix . and then the doe turn away . his voice crack : harry no ... ext . forest of dean - night ( moment later ) 141 frost crunch beneath Harry 's foot as he dash through the tree in pursuit of the silent doe up ahead , breath stream from he lung . she lead he deep into the forest until , finally , she stop , as do Harry . as he watch , she turn she beautiful head toward he ... and vanish . for a moment , a ghost image of she , like a retina burn , hang in the air and then Harry be plunge into darkness . harry lumos ! hermione 's wand - tip ignites . Harry paint the clear with light and something gleam : a small frozen pool . he cross to it , look down . he see he own image reflect dully and then , deeper , within , a silver cross . he look closer . it be the sword of gryffindor . Harry step back , blink . it 's still there . he glance about , painting the tree with light , look to insure he be alone , then cast light upon the pool once more . harry accio sword . nothing . Harry walk about the pool again and again and then stop . he crouch ... .-+. and look slowly down at he chest . the horcrux around he neck have begin to twitch . Harry place he finger upon it briefly , then rise . quickly , with fumble finger , he shed he clothes and point hermione 's wand at the pool . ( continued ) 141 142 143 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 102 . continued : 141 harry diffindo . the pool 's icey crust crack , echoing in the silence . chunks of dark ice rock the surface . Harry step to the pool 's edge , peer within ... and plunge ... int . icy pool ( forest of dean ) - underwater - continuous 142 action - night ++. scream in the dark silence of the chill water . he kick down to the glimmer sword , grab the hilt and kick for the surface when ... -.. the locket 's chain begin to coil , tightening like a snake about he neck . as the link bite into he throat , he release the sword and begin to thrash about , struggle to get he finger under the chain . realizing it 's no use ... .»+. he reach for the pool 's edge , he finger scrabbling desperately over the ice , but unable to gain purchase . slowly , he hand go limp and slip from the ice back into ... -.. the water , where he drift slowly down , a slow trail of bubbles escape he mouth , eye half - close as he peer upward , watch as the surface of the water grow slowly calm ... peaceful ... when ... a shadow appear and ... .».. a pair of hand shatter the glassy surface of the water and Harry be pull upward and out , landing ... ext . forest of dean - continuous action - night 143 +. face - down on the frigid ground , choke and retching . harry hermione ... a hand reach in , strip the locket from he neck . ron be -- you -- mental ? Harry 's eye pop open . stand a few yard away , fully dress and half - drench , clutching the sword of -- gryffindor in one hand and the locket in the other , be ron . Harry just stare , then begin to pull on he clothes . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 103. 143 continued : 143 harry it be you ! ron well , yeah . bit obvious , I would think . harry and the doe . that be you as well . ron no . I reckone it be you . harry my patronus be a stag . ron right . antler . ron bring he arm up , vaguely pantomime antler , but the effect be lose , what with the sword and locket . harry you do not see anyone else ? ron no , I ... I do think maybe I see something -- when I be run -- over there -- Harry cross to a pair of oak grow close together . ron anything ? harry ( shaking he head ) but I reckon whoever cast the doe , put the sword in that pool hope we would find it . ron and we do , do not we ? the '' we '' hang in the chill air . Harry eye ron , then step forward and dangle the locket close to the sword . it immediately begin to twitch . harry see that ? it know . it 's afraid . ( look up ) do it . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 104 . continued : ( 2 ) 143 ron what ? no. Harry . that thing 's bad for I . I can not handle it . I be not make excuse for how I act , but that thing affect I more than it affect you and hermione . it make I think stuff -- stuff I be think anyway , but it make everything worse . harry all the more reason . ron no . I can not -- harry then why be you here ? why do you come back ? Harry 's tone be hard , mean to wound . this stop ron . he step back , grip the sword with both hand . Harry nod . harry I will have to speak to it in order for it to open . when it do , do not hesitate . I do not know what 's in here , but it 'il put up a fight . the bit of riddle that be in he diary try to kill I . ron nod and then Harry sweep a layer of frost froma flat rock , lay the locket down . harry on three . one. two. three. ( in parseltongue ) take I inside ... click ! the twin door of the locket SNAP open . behind each glass window a live eye blink -- Tom riddle 's eye . harry stab it , ron. now . ron raise he tremble hand , poise the sword . then a voice hiss from the horcrux . voice ( v.0 . ) I have see you heart and it be mine ... ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 105 . 143 continued : ( 3 ) 143 harry do not listen to it . voice ( v.o. ) I have see you dream , Ronald weasley , and I have see you fear ... harry ron . do not listen to it ! voice ( v.o. ) least love , by the mother who crave a daughter . least love , by the girl who prefer you friend ... harry ron. stab it ! the locket quiver in Harry 's finger , turn white - hot , and he release it . as the eye gleam scarlet , Harry grimace and a flash of blinding light burst forth , leave in its wake two figure float in the darkness -- ghost image of Harry and hermione . riddle-harry we be better without you , happier without you . riddle-hermione who could look at you beside Harry Potter ? what be you , compare with the chosen one ...? ron stand transfix , sword in hand , horrify . harry ron . it lie ! stab it ! stab it ! riddle-harry you mother confess that she would have prefer I as a son ... riddle-hermione who would not prefer he , what woman would take you , you be nothing , nothing , nothing to he ... the ghostly hermione , frightening yet beautiful , entwine herself around the ghostly Harry , she hair run like silk over they face as she lean forward and cover he mouth with hers . ( continued ) 143 144 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 106 . continued : ( 4 ) 143 harry do it , ron ! kill it ! ron 's head turn then , to Harry , and Harry freeze . a trace of scarlet glint in ron 's eye . he raise the sword high and -- for a moment -- Harry look fearful . then , ron pivot and bring the blade down hard , cleave the locket . a scream echoe throughout the forest and the ghostly Harry and hermione turn to dust , become one with the vapor drift from ron 's mouth and all be ... quiet . Harry eye the shattered locket , then turn he gaze on ron who stand alone , sword dangle from the end of he arm , chest heaving . Harry scoops up the locket and examine it . riddle 's eye be go , the silk lining stain and faintly smoking . ron let the sword fall to the ground , drop to he knee . Harry step forward and -- carefully -- place a hand upon he shoulder . harry after you leave , she cry for a week . she 's like my sister . ron I be sorry . I be sorry I leave . harry you have sort of make up for it tonight . get the sword . finish off the horcrux . ron save you life . harry that too . they both stare at the remain of the locket . ron and just think of it . only three to go . int . tent ( forest of dean ) - dawn ( later ) 144 the bowl of flame boil timidly now ; hermione still slumber . harry ( 0.s. ) hermione ! ( continued ) 144 145 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 107 . continued : 144 she stir , sit up . push she hair out of she face , she peer through the tent flap . ext . tent ( forest of dean ) - continuous action - dawn 145 Harry stick the sword in the ground . as hermione emerge , she blink against the brightness of the morning sun . hermione everything all right ? harry fine. actually ... more than fine . he step aside and hermione see ron , stand at the edge of the camp . she stare , mute , then walk past Harry and the ash of the campfire , stop right in front of ron . he raise a hand , smile sheepishly . ron hey . and then ... hermione begin to punch he . ron wo -- hey -- ouch ! hermione ( with each punch ) you -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- weasley ! you crawl back here after all this week and say , ' hey ? 's ( turn to Harry ) where 's my wand ? Harry , where 's my wand ! Harry place he hand over he pocket . harry um ... I do not know ? hermione Harry Potter , you give I my wand ! ron how come he 's get you wand ? hermione never mind why he 's get my wand -- ( stop ) what be that ? ( continued ) 145 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 108 . continued : 145 she stare at the blacken locket dangle in ron 's hand . hermione you destroy it ? hermione glance at Harry . he indicate ron . she turn back to ron . he nod . she start to speak when she eye shift , see the sword stick in the ground . hermione and exactly how be it you have the sword of gryffindor ? harry it 's a long story . hermione ponder this , baffle , then look back at ron . hermione do not think this change anything . ron no , of course not . I only destroy a bloody freaking horcrux ! why would that change anything ! do you know what it be like for I to hear that word come from you ! to see you do that thing -- ron stop . hermione see I do what thing ? ron blink , mortify . hermione turn to Harry . hermione what happen out there ? harry ( at a loss , then ) it 's a long story . ron look , I want to come back the minute I would leave . I just ... do not know how to find you . harry exactly how do you find we ? ron with this . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 108a~. 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 ron reach into he pocket , pull out the deluminator . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 109 . 145 continued : ( 3 ) 145 ron it do not just turn off light . I do not know exactly how it work , but Christmas morning I -- I be sleep -- in this little pub -- I would give some snatcher the slip the night before , I be a blood - traitor and all -- anyway , I be sleep when I hear it ... harry it ? ron a voice . ron turn to hermione , hold up the deluminator . ron you voice , hermione . come out of this . hermione and what may I ask do I say ? ron my name . just my name . like a whisper . hermione stand perfectly still ... and blushes . ron so I take this and I click it and this tiny ball of light appear . and I know . harry knew what ? ron just know . on account of hermione 's voice . and sure enough , it float toward I , the ball of light , right to my chest and then -- go straight through -- right here . ron touch a point close to he heart . ron I could feel it inside I . it be warm , like the first sip of a good cup of tea . and I know it would take I where I need to go . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 110 . 145 continued : ( 4 ) 145 ron ( cont 'd ) so I disapparate and come out on this hillside . it be dark . I do not have any idea where I be . I just have to hope one of you would show yourselves in the end . and you do . 146 int . tent ( forest of dean ) - night 146 Harry lie in he bunk while ron sit cross -legge , warming he hand over a bowl of flame . ron I have always like it . this flame hermione make . Harry peer at the bowl , then beyond the tent flap , see hermione sit just outside , keep watch . ron how long you reckon she will stay mad at I ? harry keep talk ' bout that little ball of light touch you heart -- she will come round . ron it be true . every word . ( a beat ) you be go to think I be mental , but I think that 's why dumbledore leave it to I -- the deluminator . I think he know that at some point I would ... need to find my way back . and she have lead I . Harry eye ron , ponder this . then suddenly , ron jump up , grab he own rucksack and begin to fish through it . ron bloody hell . I just realize . you need a wand , right ? harry yeah ... ron well , I have get one . here . it 's blackthorn , ten inch , nothing special , but I reckon it will do . I take it off a snatcher a few week back . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 110a . 146 continued : 146 ron ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do not tell hermione , but they be a bit dim , snatcher . this one be definitely part troll . the smell off he ... Harry point the wand at the flame . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 111. 146 continued : ( 2 ) 146 harry engorgio . the flame flare massively and ron leap back . ron wo. harry reducio ! as the flame subside , ron pat down a small flare - up on the canvas . hermione what 's go on in there ? harry / ron nothing . ron ( to Harry ) maybe a bit more practice , eh ? hermione we need to talk . ron wheel , see hermione stand in the mouth of the tent , life and lies in hand , look at Harry . ron all right . hermione ( ignore he ) I want to go and see xenophilius lovegood . harry sorry ? hermione see this ? it 's a letter dumbledore write to grindelwald . look at the signature . it 's the mark again . hermione turn the book in Harry 's direction . dumbledore replace the '' a '' in albus with the triangular eye . hermione it keep cropping up . here . in beedle the bard . in the graveyard in godric 's hollow -- what ? ( continued ) 146 147 148 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 112 . continued : ( 3 ) 146 hermione look at Harry , who be stare hard at the book . suddenly , we be ... int . village STREET - dawn 147 «+. moving through the village street again , past the cloak figure , turn down the narrowing alleyway that lead toward gregorovitch 's wand shop and ... holding on the triangular symbol scratch crudely into the wall ... int . tent ( forest of dean ) - same time - night 148 Harry blink . harry Jesus . it be there too . hermione where ? harry outside gregorovitch 's wand shop. on the alley wall ... ron but what do it mean ? they all look down at the symbol etched in dumbledore 's fine hand in the book . hermione Harry , you do not have a clue where the next horcrux be . and neither do I . but this , this mean something . I be sure of it . ron I think hermione 's right . I think we ought to go and see lovegood . what say we vote on it ? that in favor ... ron 's hand fly into the air . Harry eye he knowingly . hermione roll she eye , then lift she hand as well . ron sorry , Harry . look like it 's hermione and I this time . 149 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 112a . ext . hillside - late afternoon 149 the sun hang low over a hillside gloriously free of snow . ron lead the way , far ahead of Harry and hermione . harry not still mad at he , be you ? hermione I be always mad at he . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 113. 149 continued : 149 as we rise , a strange - looking house appear in the distance , etched like a great black cylinder against the sky . see it , ron turn back , grinning as he call out . ron luna ? Harry and hermione take a look . harry / hermione luna . 150 ext . lovegood house - front door - late afternoon 150 a sign be tack to a door studd with nail : '' the quibbler . editor : x. lovegood . hermione rap three time . ron keep off the dirigible plum . hermione turn , give he a odd look . ron point to a sign : '' keep off the dirigible plum . '' just then , the door swing open and xenophilius lovegood appear , barefoot , wear a soile nightshirt . xenophilius lovegood ( to hermione ) what be it ? ( to ron ) who be you ? ( to Harry ) what do you want -- see Harry , lovegood 's jaw go slack in shock . harry hello , Mr. lovegood . I be Harry Potter . we meet a few month back ? lovegood 's eye drift to Harry 's scar . harry would it be okay if we come in ? it will not take long , sir . I promise . 151 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 114. int . lovegood house - PRESS room - late afternoon 151 great totter tower of quibbler back -issue rise to the ceiling while a old - fashioned wooden printing PRESS chug away in the center of the room , spitting out new one . xenophilius lovegood Excuse I . as lovegood step to the wheeze press , the trio glance at past quibbler lay about : muggle murder rise , dozen die as death eater attack , harry in hiding , where be the chosen one ? you -know - who claim another victim : quidditch world cup cancelled amid death threat . abruptly , the press go silent and lovegood turn . xenophilius lovegood so . what bring you here , Mr. Potter ? harry well , sir , we need some help . xenophilius lovegood ah. help . I see . yes , well , the thing be , help Harry Potter , rather dangerous this day ... the trio exchange glance . ron be not you the one who keep tell everyone it 's they first duty to help Harry ? xenophilius lovegood I have express that view , yes . in the past . would you excuse I one moment . I shall return shortly and , um , try to help you ... lovegood dash from the room . harry what 's go on here ? ron he 's mental . let 's face it . luna 's always good value , but she 's nutty as squirrel poo . just then , hermione gasp , point to a enormous spiral horn mount on the wall . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 114a. 151 continued : 151 hermione do you see that ? ( continued ) 151 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 151 ron well , yeah , of course . it 's massive , be not it ? hermione no ! do not go near it ! Harry stop . hermione it 's a erumpent horn . it 's a class B tradeable material . Harry and ron exchange a '' she 's mental '' glance . ron yeah , all right ... just then , lovegood return with a tray rattling with cup . xenophilius lovegood May I offer you all a infusion of gurdyroot ? we make it ourselves . hermione where be luna , sir ? xenophilius lovegood luna ? oh , um , she will be along . now how can I help you , Mr. Potter ? harry well , sir , it 's about something you be wear around you neck at the wedding . a symbol ... xenophilius lovegood you mean this ? lovegood reach into he nightshirt and pull out the chain with the triangular eye . harry yes ! exactly . what we wonder , sir , be , well , what be it ? xenophilius lovegood what be it ? well , it 's the sign of the deathly hallow , of course . harry /ron / hermione the what ? ( continued ) 151 152 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 116 . continued : ( 3 ) 151 xenophilius lovegood the deathly hallow . I assume you be all familiar with ' the Tale of the Three Brothers ? 's hermione / ron harry yes . no. Harry look at the other , then hermione reach into she bead bag and pull out the tale of beedle the bard . hermione it 's in here . xenophilius lovegood well , there 's no real reason to go on unless one be familiar with the tale . why do not you read it aloud , miss ...? hermione Granger . well ... all right . ( open the book ) there be once three brother who be travel along a lonely , wind road at twilight -- ron Midnight . mum always say midnight . ( as hermione glower ) but twilight 's fine . better actually . hermione in time , the brother reach a river too treacherous to pass ... as hermione continue , lovegood look out the window . a crow cycle into view and we follow it , the sky darkening ... story - ext . river / bridge - twilight 152 ++. as the crow swoops over a river to reveal three silhouettes . hermione ( v.o. ) but be learn in the magical art , the three brother simply wave they wand and make a bridge . they be halfway across it when they find they path block by a hood figure . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 117 . 152 continued : 152 a bridge magically materialize and the three figure begin to cross , when the hooded figure appear . hermione ( v.o . ) it be death and he feel cheat , for traveler usually drown in the river . but death be cun . he grant each brother a wish for they cleverness . the oldest , who be a combative man , ask for a wand more powerful than any in existence . so death fashioned one from a elder tree on the bank of the river . all of this be dramatize in surreal silhouette . hermione ( v.o. ) the second brother , who be a arrogant man , ask for the power to recall other from death . so death pluck a stone from the river . finally death turn to the third brother . a humble man , he ask for something that would make he disappear . and so it be that death hand over he own cloak of invisibility . death then step aside and the brother go they separate way ... we see the brother cross the bridge , and part . hermione ( v.o. ) the first brother travel to a distant village where , with elder wand in hand , he kill a wizard with whom he have once quarrele . proceed to a Inn , he bragge of he invincibility . but that very night ... we see a wizard , in shadow , slip into a room , knife in hand . hermione ( v.o. ) +. another wizard creep upon he as he lay sleep . he take the elder wand ... and slit the brother 's throat for good measure . and so death take the first brother for he own ... we see the second brother approach a cottage . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 118. 152 continued : ( 2 ) 152 hermione ( v.o. ) meanwhile , the second brother journey to he home , where he take out the stone and turn it thrice in hand . to he delight , the girl he have once hope to marry before she untimely death appear before he . yet soon she turn sad and cold , for she do not belong in the mortal world . drive mad with hopeless long , the second brother kill himself so as to join she . and so death take the second brother ... we see death etched upon a bleak hillside . hermione ( v.o . ) as for the third brother , death searched for many year but be never able to find he . only when he have attain a great age do the youngest brother shed the cloak of invisibility and give it to he son . he then greet death as a old friend and go with he gladly , depart this life as equal ... as death and the third brother retreat , the crow return , beat into the sky , which lighten , and we pull back ... 153 int . lovegood house - PRESS room - dusk 153 ... to find xenophilius lovegood stare out the window . the sun have nearly vanish over the lip of the hill . xenophilius lovegood well , there you be . that be the deathly hallow . harry sorry ... I still do not really understand ... lovegood turn and , take quill and parchment , draw a straight vertical line ... xenophilius lovegood the elder wand ... ++. then add a circle on top of the line ... ( continued ) 153 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 119 . continued : 153 xenophilius lovegood the resurrection Stone ... ..+. then enclose both in a triangle . xenophilius lovegood the cloak of invisibility . together ... they make the deathly hallow . together ... they make one master of death . the trio stare at the symbol . hermione Mr. lovegood , do the peverell family have anything to do with the deathly hallow ? ( to Harry and ron ) that be the name on the grave with the mark on it in godric 's hollow . ignotus peverell . xenophilius lovegood ignotus and he brother cadmus and Antioch be think to be the original owner of the hallow and therefore the inspiration for the story . lovegood 's focus abruptly waver , sadness in he eye , then he blink , eye the tea kettle . xenophilius lovegood ah , but you tea 's grow cold . Excuse I , I will be right back . ron ( as lovegood exit ) let 's get out of here once he 's back . I be not touch this stuff , hot or cold . harry ( lose in think ) which one would you choose if you could ? of the deathly hallow ? hermione it 's obvious , be not it ? all three speak at once : ( continued ) 153 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 120. continued : ( 2 ) 153 ron hermione the wand . the cloak . harry the Stone . they glance at each other , amused . ron you be suppose to say the cloak , but who want to spend all day be invisible . Dead boring if you ask I . but a unbeatable wand ! hermione its owner grow drunk with power and be murder . ron yeah , but imagine what a short wick life you would lead . hermione ( roll she eye ) why the Stone , Harry ? harry well , you could bring people back , could not you ? mad - eye. dumbledore . sirius . anybody . hermione ( gentle but accord to the story they do not want to come back . it 's all rubbish anyway . there 's no such thing as the deathly hallow . harry but I have one . the invisibility cloak my father leave I . hermione there have always be cloak -- ron not like Harry 's . I have see a fair few . dad use to bring home the one the Ministry confiscate from petty thief and the like . they always get hole or tear . Harry 's be different . it 's perfect . ( continued ) harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 121 . 153 continued : ( 3 ) 153 harry and I think I have actually hold the resurrection Stone in my hand , that night in dumbledore 's office when he show I the ring he have destroy , the horcrux . it hada symbol on it . now I think it be the mark of the hallow . the trio stand silently when lovegood return . hermione Mr. lovegood . thank you , sir -- ron you forget the water . xenophilius lovegood the water ? ron for the tea . xenophilius lovegood do , do not I ? how silly of I . hermione no matter , sir . we really ought to be go -- xenophilius lovegood no , you must not -- harry Sir ? xenophilius lovegood you be my only hope . they be angry , you see , about what I have be write , so they take she . they take my luna ... ( eye find Harry ) but it 's really you they want ... harry who take she , sir ? hermione eye the printing press . a copy of the quibbler lie stick under a roller . she reach out , pull it free , the ink streaking over the cover , over harry face and the blazing headline : undesirable number # 1 . ( continued ) 153 154 155 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 122 . continued : ( 4 ) 153 xenophilius lovegood him . surely you call he you - know - who . but he real name of course be ... voldemort . ron nooooooooo ! instantly , out the window , figure on broomstick appear in the sky , jetting directly toward the house . as Harry , ron and hermione hit the floor , rope of light ricochet off the windowsill . the printing press explode , raining quibbler everywhere , like a flock of dove , smoking with flame . lovegood wave madly from the window . xenophilius lovegood stop ! I have get he -- lovegood be blast off he foot by a stun spell so great the chain around he neck fly across the room and settles at Harry 's foot . Harry glance down , watch the symbol of the deathly hallow dissolve like mercury , then look up , see lovegood streak out the door . hermione ron ! Harry ! take my hand ! Harry and ron begin to crawl on they knee toward hermione when another volley of spell ricochet about the room and -- ping ! -- strike the gurdyroot teapot . as hermione watch , it fly into the air , tumble end over end toward the erumpent horn . Harry 's hand close on hers , ron reach out and ... .+. the teapot strike the erumpent horn . ext . lovegood house - continuous action - dusk 154 there be a colossal explosion . the second floor of the black cylinder rupture . quibbler belch into the air like confetti as lovegood narrowly escape and the death eater be engulf and Harry , ron and hermione ... ext . riverbank - dusk 155 ++. tumble into view and roll to they foot , barely visible in the darkness . ron that treacherous old bleeder ! be there no one we can trust ! ( continued ) 155 156 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 123 . continued : 155 harry ( softly ) they have kidnap luna because he support I . he be just desperate . ron say nothing , then spit , clear the grit from he tooth and peer toward the river . unlike the raging force it be the last time they be here , it be little more than a trickle now . the tree be eerily quiet . ron I 'il do the enchantment . ron take out he wand ... when hermione raise she hand , stop he . her eye rise . her breath catch . ron and Harry look . cling to the branch of the tree above , almost as if a part of the tree themselves , be ... snatcher . a wand bloom above , illuminate the face of scabior . hermione 's red scarf , now fade and filthy , dangle from he neck . he press it to he grimy nose , inhale and grins . scabior hello , beautiful . ext . forest - dusk ( moment later ) 156 Harry , ron and hermione dash through the tree . as they diverge , we CUT back and forth between the three : hermione , swift as the wind , flicker through the tree as scabior pursue she . Harry slashes through the river , look up , and see a snatcher leap across the divide from one tree to another . ron pound through thick brush , over a fall tree . the forest grow more dense , the shadow thicken . spell splinter through the tree , rope of light lace the night . hermione stumble , regains she foot , find herself in a clear . another figure pelt toward she : Harry . ( continued ) 156 157 158 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 124 . continued : 156 they freeze briefly , then the clear explode with light as spell ricochet . they hit the ground . hear the snatcher close in . Harry look to hermione . the tip of she wand glow and she face bloom in the darkness , look mildly demonic . she reach out , strip he glass from he face , then point she wand ... at he . a burst of white light strike he in the eye . as she wand go dark ... ext . fortress - night 157 .-. he be fly toward a fortress , glide around the high wall , up to the topmost window of the high tower . he pass through the window -- little more than a slit -- and ... int . cell - continuous action - night 158 .-. find a skeletal figure lie beneath a rag blanket . the figure stir , look up , and grin with break tooth . it be the young man -- the thief -- grow old . grindelwald . grindelwald ah , Tom , I think you would come one day . but surely you must know I no longer have what you seek ... a shadow -- voldemort 's -- fall across grindelwald . voldemort if not you , then who ? grindelwald you be so innocent , Tom . like a schoolboy . there 's so much you do not understand ... voldemort tell I , grindelwald . tell I where to find it ! tell I who possess it ! the name , grindelwald ! the name ! grindelwald can not you guess , Tom ? it lie with he , of course . buried within the earth . it be he who possess it , even in death . you old friend and mine ... dumbledore . 159 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 125. ext . forest - dusk 159 Harry blink and in a ( swollen ) blur peer at hermione , whisper quickly : harry they exist . the hallow . hermione look at he expectantly . he nod , he face shroud in shadow , barely visible . harry but he only want the one , the last one . that 's what he 's be look for . hermione what be you say ? harry he know where it be , you - know - who . he will have it by the end of the night . he 's find the elder wand . as hermione stare in stunne disbelief , figure emerge from the tree . ron be shove to the ground next to they . scabior strip Harry and hermione of they wand . ron do not touch she ! a fist hit ron hard . it 's greyback . hermione stop it ! scabior you boyfriend 's 1l get worse than that if he do not behave , lovely . scabior paint she face with light then cast it on Harry . Harry peer up , he eye swollen to slit , he face horribly misshapen . scabior what happen to you , ugly ? Harry 's hand find he face , feel the lump . scabior what 's you name ? harry dudely . Vernon Dudley . ( continued ) 159 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 126. continued : 159 scabior check the list . and you , ginger ? ron Stan shunpike . scabior like ' ell you be . we know skinny Stan . try again . greyback , he boot to ron 's neck , press harder . ron weasley ... ( make it up ) barney weasley . scabior weasley , eh? would not be related to that blood traitor Arthur weasley , would you ? ron piss off ! Arthur weasley 's ten time the wizard you be ! scabior Worth ten time you if I can find he . be not you that tip he off , be it ? ron stay mute . scabior turn to hermione . scabior how ' bout you , lovely ? what do they call you ...? hermione penelope Clearwater . half-blood . scabior stroke the nape of hermione 's neck , then take she hair in hand , sniff it . scabior you smell like vanilla , penelope . I think you be go to be my favorite . snatcher there 's no Vernon Dudley on ‘ere . reluctantly , scabior turn from hermione to Harry . ( continued ) 159 160 161 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 127 . continued : ( 2 ) 159 fenrir greyback hear that , ugly ? the list say you be lie . how come you do not want we to know who you be ? hm ? harry the list be wrong . I tell you who iam -- scabior put a finger to he lip , silencing Harry , he wand probing Harry 's face more closely . scabior Change of plan , boy . we will not be take this lot to the Ministry . ext . night sky - night 160 the sea of treetop shift eerily below as we sweep over they . ext . malfoy manor - night ( moment later ) 161 scabior and the other escort Harry , ron and hermione past the yew hedge . hermione eye the white peacock , look like a ghostly lawn ornament . Harry whisper : harry what do you put on I ? hermione a sting jinx . harry how long will it last ? hermione not long . Harry glance down , see he glass cup in hermione 's palm . as he slip they into he pocket , the group suddenly slow . up ahead , on the other side of the gate , bellatrix , lucius and narcissa approach . scabior grab Harry 's arm , push he face up to the iron bar . bellatrix step close . bellatrix show I . scabior reach out and push Harry 's hair off he forehead . ( continued ) 161 harry potter and the deathly ... - pt. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 128 . continued : 161 bellatrix point she wand , illuminate the skin . slowly , she smile . despite the swell , one intrigue feature can be see . a scar . in the shape of a lightning bolt ? we hold , then ... CUT to black . the end