é by Steve klove base on the book by j.k. Rowling bolz29200415 no portion of this script may be perform , rep ed or use by any mean , or quote or publish if any medium without the prior write consent of warmer o8 picture , April 29 , warner bros . picture inc . '' 2004 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . . burbank , California 91522 all rignts et pade in : ext . little hangleton - pre-dawn the village under a dark sky . still as rene ext . graveyard ( little hangleton ) - pre -dawn we rake past a trio of tombstone , all bear reb hme surname -- riddle -- and the identical date of dea 1943 , in the distance , atop -a weedy hill , a manor sta . derelict under a greasy moon . at the base of th ig a gardener' cottage , a crooked figure slant e cottage window ... int . cottage - pre -dawn frank bryce ( 76 ) set a kettle on the stove a -_ ww shaky hand -- adjust the flame . he lean forwérd squinting to get the fire right , and the windo | gey pie he ia revealed . something flicker . softly . n again , Frank turn . atop the hill , light dance in one of window t manor . ext . cottage / hill - pre -dawn sj clang ! Frank emerge from the cottage , walk - stick in ext . riddle house - pre - dawn ye he limp into the yard , approach a door alm a 0 goupietely cover in ivy . pit a rusted key ike the lock . int . riddle house - pre - dawn Zz the knob squeal dryly . the walk stick pierce 1s shadow , then Frank himself enter . his nostri ane againat the sour air . he cock a ear . int . upstair hallway - pre - dawn ( Frank 's shadow spread darkly on the landing . small table , be a old calendar , freckle wit 2 August . 1943 , ( cont : ) 1 5 7 we continued : lq ) 7 Frank reach the top . stop . his breath dri smoke . at the end of the hallway , a door stand ajar , a sliver of light across the dusty floor . Frank ges closer , see a narrow slice of the room beyond feeble fire flicker in the grate . from within : vor wormtail ( 0.s . ) but why here , my Lord ? it seem so ... inhospitable . voldemort ( 0.s. ) how fastidious you have become , wormtail . as I recall , only recently you call the nearest gutterpipe home . could it be that the cask of nursing I have become wearisome for you ? wormtail ( 0.5 . ) no , wy Lord ! I only mean -- voldemort ( 0.5 . ) I have my reason for come here . thirteen year of reason . worhtail ( 0.s. ) } perhaps if we be to do it without the boy ... sj voldemort ( 0.5 . ) na . the boy be everything . just then , the tip of Frank 's walk stick vib ! against the floorboard . he eye it curiously , & mute horror -- watch a giant snake ( nagini ) ef from the shadow behind he . as it skim past hig 3 into the room , a eerie hiss ( voldemort , spea parseltongue ) greet its arrival . voldemort ( 0.s. ) 7 Z nagini have interesting news , wormtail . accord to she , there be a old Muggle stand just 1 outside this room , the door fling wide , reveal a short bald to wormtail . voldemort ( 0.s. ) oc where be you manners , wormtail ? step aside so I can give we guest a proper greeting ... . 8a 10 oy continued : ( 2 ) 7 slowly , wormtail withdraw . Frank bryce 's eye . a flash of GREEN light sear the wall . the walk stick clatter to the floor , handle char bl , weep smoke . a brittle whistling rise from ? ext . cottage / hill - pre -~dawn «+. the shadow of the empty gardener 's Cottage , kettle squalling madly , rise like a scream op sky . the star vanish , one after another , ieal black as ... ext . weasley house - dawn ©) 8a oe int . weasley house - ron' bedroom - dawn ( NI ) 3 ..+ harry potter sit bolt upright , a gasp in kt th t . he wince , press he palm to the scar on he / of across the room , ron weasley , he best friend , { tye sleep . hermione ( 0.s. ) have a bit of a lie - in , be we ? Harry spin , see hermione granger , he next - the - friend , grin from the doorway . sj harry hermione . when would you get here ? hermione you ? just now . a ) 0 harry dd last night . row bloody hell ! ron bolt up , tug a blanket over he naked ¢! hermione — my oh , honestly . c'mon . get yourself dress or we will misa the whole thing nf ext . wood - dawn a 100 * a string of sleepy silhouettes -- fred , georg ! weasley , Harry , ron and hermione -- trail a hi arthur weasley . Fred have a batter pair of ss sling over he neck . ( co he 10 continued : 10 harry where be it exactly , where we be go ? row dunno . say , dad . where be we go ? arthur weasley have not the foggiest . 4 ss as Harry and hermione exchange curious glances} - face wizard ( amos diggory ) appear atop the crest — shead . amos diggory Arthur ! it ' 's about time , son . arthur weasley sorry , amo . ' fraid we get a bit of a sleepy start . this be amo diggory , everyone . Works with I at the Ministry . and this strapping lad must be cedric , be I right ? a extremely handsome 17 - year old boy ( cedric d1 gi shake hand with Mr. weasley , whom he tower be cedric diggory sir. 4mos diggory merlin 's beard ! you be Harry Potter , be not you ? ced 's talk about you , of course . about play Quidditch against you last year . I tell he -- ced , that will be something to tell you grandchild , that will : you beat Harry Potter ! cedric diggory Harry fall off he broom , dad . I tell you , it be a accident -- amos diggory yes , but you do not fall off , do you ? best man win . I be sure Harry would say the same . arthur weasley ( clear he throat ) well , shall we ? do not want to be late . ( can ) hpaniso42g2 ee oh ee eee oe # 10 continued : ( 2 ) [ ) 10 amo diggory yim ? oh , right . it 's over there . diggory point , Harry crane he neck . lying bp pete * short graas be a old boot . we -- 10a ext . wood - new angle - dawn ( moment later ) loa # arm eetend , like spoke to a wheel ... as each * place a finger to the boot . Harry lean to F : whisper : ( >) harry can you Tel ] I why we be all etanding here press we finger to this manky old boot ? fred this be not juet any manky old boot , mate . GEORGE it 's a portkey . harry a portkey ? what 's a ... swoosh ! the hill lurch , then tilt . the sky begin to spin . a howling wind riee and the sky spin for a faster and faster still ... all become a blur until ... 11 ext . moor - early evening will + ++ Harry slam hard onto he foot and -- likel the other beaide he -- topple onto he back . above hi reel dizzily , like a carouael , spin slowl ! 1t as Arthur , amo and cedric cycle into view , win but upright . arthur weasley that will clear you sinuse , eh! sp harry ( to himself ) and I think I hate floo powder . () a huge hand extend and cedric pull Harry to . Harry nod sheepishly ... ( contt l 1 114 118 12 through 14 15 wi continued : [ S ) harry thanks . ... then stop , look past cedric to the prekp sbeyoud . thousand of tent stretch to the edge of a strep - cliff , to the deep BOWL of a stadium ... ext . campsite - day ( later ) Harry glance about in fascination as he and the trudge through the aea of tent . exotic accent , upon the air , every nationality in evidence . arthur weasley well , here we be ! Mr. weasley pull aside the flap of a small the small tent . Harry watch curiously as the other through , then duck inside himself . sok int . tent - continuous action Harry look around . amaze . he 's stand in | bedroom flat . smile . harry I love magic . omitted 342 D i) ext . stadium - new angle - nicht camera float high above , then plummet into 3 , Harry and the other climb the they seat . fla ; nation ring the stadium and vendor apparate hé there among the crowd , sell they ware . 1 ne e e I vendor get you Quidditch World Cup program ! only five sickle ! fancy gold handwriting race repeatedly across blackboard : gladrag wizardwear -- London , p hogsmeade ... ( gt hida 11 11a 118 12 through 14 15 * ee ee eee 15 continued : be arthur weasley there 's the peruvian Minister for Tourism . and that man there 's the African head of magical Games and sr Sports . and -- och lord -- there 's Ali bashir . he 's be try to import fly carpet for year . sa I keep tell he they will never replace broom , but he see a niche market for a family vehicle ... ron blimey , dad . how far up be we ? ( S ) lucius malfoy ( 0.5 . ) well , if it rain , you will know first . it 's lucius malfoy descend the stair with CO . Arthur weasley , tight as a drum , only glare . draco Father and I be in the Minister 's box , by personal invitation of cornelius fudge himself . lucius malfoy now , now , draco . there 's no need to boast . blood have its privilege . as I be sure you schoolmate be weil aware . malfoy ' 's eye trail nastily over hermione , lang griey . lucius malfoy Mr. Potter . q q as he pass , Harry eye the walking stick in malfoy 's grip . a silver serpent encircle he finger , inlaid with emerald chip for eye . Za new angle - night ( minute later ) Harry and the other have settle into the up ! ' 01 where the wind whip coldly . as a fleet of br S jet into view , a roar rise in the crowd . I o it 's the irish ! there 's Troy ! GEORGE a cle and hullet hee '' 15 continued : ( 2 ) pred and here come moran ... over the opposite rim of the stadium . the cro ! again . GEORGE here come the bulgarian ! ginwy who 's that ? Ginny , point to one particularly young player , krum ) '' GEORGE that , sis , be the best seeker in the world . hermione he fly rather well , do not he ? the boy exchange amused glance . fred you could say that , Fred lift he omniccular to he eye and spi} we -- he pov through the omnioculars , as he dial krup in ff | en run the image forward and backward ... ginny what 's he name ? on cue , thousand of fan on the opposite side - of stadium flip large card bear the face of looking boy with thick eyebrow . each one be emb with he name : " krum . " hermione krum ? harry / ron / fred / GEORGE oq krum , ( ce mone 15 16 17 18 continued : ( 3 ) 45 as the boy look up in admiration , krum jet p : vast mosaic of he likeness with nary a glance , flying with such breathtaking skill that Harry 's jaw fall open . in the ministry BOX , cornelius fudge rise as 2 malfoy and draco take they seat nearby . sj fudge good evening ! as Minister for Magic , it give I great pleasure to welcome each and every one of you to the final of the four hundred and twenty - second Quidditch World Cup ! let the match begin ! a ball of light burst from fudge 's wand . har ; 8 viktor krum rocket upward , the crowd roaring , rising into the glitter night sky , the stadi grow stialler , a glimmer disc of light . then we. cur omitted 16 & 17 int . tent ( campsite ) - night ( hour later ) 18 Harry and the other lie about , unable to sle excitedly re-live the match . ron brilliant krum , be not he ? do you see he put Lynch into the Ground with the wronski feint ? it be positively brutal . hermione , I think you be in love , ron . ron quiet , you . just then , a chant of voice rise like a lion ' beyond the tent . pred grin . pe fred sound like the irish have get they pride on . ( contindued ) ee ee 18 184 oe . continued : 18 arthur weasley it 's not the irish . the other turn , see Mr. weasley stand by the peter ! peer out . something in he voice cause the : smile to wither . arthur weasley sn get yourselves dress . ( turn ; fiercely ) ( S ) now ! ext . tent / campsite - night ( minute later ) ( S ) 184 Harry , ron and hermione scramble out of the tem stare with disbelief at the hellish tableaux b m . al1 I around they , people run in terror , trampli ; ik¢s} and kick up SPARKS . then they see why : a teeming clot of black - robed wizard , face c¢ behind hideous mask , be march across the laughing drunkenly . some clutch torch while point they wand skyward , where four people eerily high above . ginny who be that people ? in the air ? arthur weasley wn muggles . ginny and the one on the ground ? hermione ( y death eater . q\ 0 Harry look puzzle by this , but as Mr. weasley draw he wand , Harry do the same without question . arthur weasley 2 < no. get back to the portkey , all of you . and stick together . Fred , George , you be responsible for Ginny . Ginny , you listen to you brother . NI ( intensely ) Ginny ! do you hear I ! ( ore Ginny blink , startle by she father 's fierce pole on , then ... nod . as Mr. weasley dash off , we - | ( cc + ee eee the eee + +# eee * I * + the bee ee + * 184 continued : [ L ) 184 new angle - night ( moment later ) Harry streak pagt blazing tent . lose in the fall back . Fred and George -- Ginny in tow - briefly in the crowd , then vanish . hermione tu . frantic eye find Harry 's just ae she and ren-vent as well . 19 ext . campsite - new angle - night ( moment lat ! 19 Harry daghes on , buffete back and forth by th crowd . he stumble , fall , strugglea to rise , ts trample again . bootheel punish the earth nbn he . one strike he temple ... hard . he colle dut cold . all go black . wew angle - night ( later ) gq high over the campsite , a ruin now , drift ip qre a child appear , tear - streak , wailing for he ) ) as he pass out of view , camera find Harry , sti yife upon the ground . his eyelid flutter ... harry blurry Pov - far in the distance ( wn of a figure ( barty crouch Jr. ) stride throug teeming amoke like a ghost . the man pause , surw the devastation before he , and lift he wand to the sky . barty JR . morsmordre 5 a peal of thunder shake the earth and a eeri vee ) bloom in the eky , Harry squint painfully , gh {ne scar and peer up . & colossal srull of emerald star erupt in t serpent coiling from its mouth ( the dark MARK ) ! ek pierce the night and Harry 's eye shift , find '' motherlea boy a few yard away , howling in t the sky . Harry look back , toward the want in the dista ps he 's come forward . the shriek boy turn , al bway . Harry 's finger reach for he wand , eye squinting through the smoke , try to see the approachip£g # face , but all be still a blur , the smoke like b the man a waver wraith as he draw closer a closer ... ( c * ee ee ee eee of eee ee eee ce 19 C continued : ls ) 49 hermione ( 0.s. ) Harry ! * hermione and ron -- tiny dot -- race across the — * campsite . the man stop , look , then withdraw ' into the * smoke , vanish . : hermione sj Harry ! row think we would lose you , mate . and then ... ron nod nervously to the sky . ©) harry what be that ? hermione do not you know ...? just then , a popping fill the air and -- one & the -+ ten ministry wizard apparate into view , wand ed . harry duck ! ministry wizard stupefy ! x as they hit the ground , ten jets of fiery red electrify the alr inch above they head . arthur weasley stop ! that 's my son ! { dash forward ) q ( ) ron -- Harry -- hermione -- be you all right ? barty crouch which of you conjure it ? Harry and the other turn , watch barty crouch '' = £ man with a toothbrush mustache and steely eyes_ - e * through the haze . arthur weasley Mr. crouch , you can not possibly -- ( D ) . barty crouch a do not lie ! you have be discover at the scene of the crime ! 19 ( op . continued : ( 2 ) harry crime ? [ k ) '' crouch wheel , point he wand directly at hap eve glitter lethally when ... he notice Harry 's be . amos diggory barty . they be just kid ... Harry watch crouch biink , lower he wand . harry what crime ? hermione ( nedd to the sky ) that ... it 's the Dark Mark , Harry . it 's ... ais mark . harry voldemort ? a disturb murmur ripple through the wizard utterance of the name . ron look particularly ron why do he always have to do that ? harry that people tonight -- in the mask -- they be he too , be not they ? his follower . arthur weasley Harry consider this , then gaze back down thi toward the spot where the mysterious figure aj harry there be someone before . a man . arthur weasley aman ? who , Harry ? harry dunno . one minute he be there , then ... not . J never see he face . could have be anybody ... 4s Harry glance upward , the camera rise , RI desolate tableau : the darken stadium , the 's and -- cling to the sky like a stain -- th picture dissolves , green sky turn blue . reveal : se S death eater . ( ~~ ( 0.6 ) sr qo ampsite kk. drop , 20 204 21 we ext . train / hillside - late day ( day later ) ... the hogwart express steaming down the rai int . train corridor - same time - late day student hang out compartment door , talk , while a old woman push a candy trolley up t ron and hermione 's compartment . old woman anything off the trolley , dear ? cc int . / ext . train compartment - same time - a ) 21 Harry and ron leap up , while hermione continue : d the Daily Prophet . over a photograph of the D . > headline scream : " terror at the world cup . '' ron I will have a pack of drooble . and a licorice wand and ... ron dig into he pocket , frown . row qn second think , just the drooble . nx harry sr stalright , I '1l get it -- ron ( firmly ; to the lady ) just the drooble . ron take he gum , quickly duck back into the compartment . Harry frown , feel guilty , 2 voice sound : cho ( 0.s. ) 7 one pumpkin pastie please . look up and ... smile . take she treat , she old woman something sweet for you , dear ? a harry huh ? oh. no. I be not ... hungry . Harry turn , find a very pretty dark - haire gl io chang ) stand by the cart . sense Harry 's off . 20 204 * ee ** ee ee 21 22 224 23 24 continued : ( lo ) Harry watch Cho 's lithe figure retreat , wate il she slip into a compartment and be go . hermione vr this be bad . very bad ... Harry turn , see hermione shaking she head dak ehrind the Prophet 's scream front page . Harry consitd@ss | the image of the Dark Mark and accompany afticle : ark '' MARK stir old fear ( first sighting in thirte fear ) , then eye the photo of the article 's author , B skeeter . hermione snap shut the paper , stare hermione it 's hurt again , be not it ? it be hurt that morning too . the day of the World Cup . ron , full of gum , stop chew , eye Harry wl trepidation . harry I be fine . hermione suit yourself . but at least tell he . you know he have want you to . int . hogwart express - gloseup - parchment - pa '' dear sirius '' on a bit of parchment . Harry roll up the parchment , fix it to hedw ' and let she fly free of he hand and through fre en window . 0 q ext . hogwart express - late day hedwig soar high , leave the train behind as 8 she way across the sky . on the horizon , a castl appear . — — — L , ext . hogwart castle - night sy int . great hall - night the Hall glow magically , deck out for the g term feast . albus dumbledore address the fad , from the top of the Hall while plitwick , hag mcgonagall and snape look on . filch glower rear door . ( cl 21 22 22h 23 24 et er eee ete Fe oe ad + 24 continued : 24 dumbledore Mr. filch , we beloved caretaker , have inform I that the list of object forbidden within the castle now include scream yo- yos , fange frisbee , ever - bash boomerangs and chocolate marshmallow bunny . ( a mischievous beat ) I be joke about that last one . the full list comprise some four hundred and thirty - seven item and may be view in Mr. filch 's office . ron mental . always have be . Harry grin , glance to the ravenclaw table , 3 ; grin appreciatively at dumbledore as well . dumbledore now . there be , apparently , a rather nasty rumor fly about the school that Quidditch will not be play this year . that rumor , T '' here to tell you ... be absolutely true . zi aoa do indignation fill the Hall . dumbledore smile iy sement . dumbledore there fs a explanation . you see , hogwart will this year play hoat to a legendary event . a event that have not take place in over one hundred year ... the triwizard tournament . 0 0 excitement shake the Hall , one voice ringing clear ; | fred you be joke ! y dumbledore {_____l I be not joke , Mr. weasley . for that of you who do not know , the triwizard tournament be wi originally conceive some seven century ago as a way for the three large european wizardry qo school to engage in a series of magical contest while they respective student body experience the benefit of cross - cultural social intercourse . ( u eee + * 24 2444 244 oy . continued : ( 2 ) ko a crackle , albeit bewilder , silence hang ir . dumbledore in other word : one get to spend a entire year get to know people who speak a funny language . unfortunately due to a distress high death toll , the tournament be cancel ... hermione 's brow knit with dark concern . dbumbledore +. until now . tomorrow , delegation from the beaxbaton Academy of magical Arts and the durmstrang School of wizardry will journey to hogwart . this year , we home will be they home . I ask only that you endeavor to make it a happy one . ext . hogwart castle - battlement - evening ( nexi student -- Harry , ron and hermione among then the parapet , buzzing with anticipation . Far be tambledore have assemble the staff as a kind of be ing party . — suddenly a rumble fill the sky and a team of wi ! horse cleave the cloud , pull a gigantic pi ue carriage . through one of the window , a beaut | ( madame maxime ) peer down . with a earth - sh . > the carriage land . just then , great bubble roil the glassy surfa Black Lake and a long black mast pierce the we rise higher and higher . a black ship rise b great rush whirlpool of water , look skel , ghostly in the half - light . a dark figure stril onto the deck -- tall , thin and sleek : igor . ext . courtyard - night ( moment later ) student scramble into position , turn expectan ' dumbledore , who stand before the staff . Harry u es want near the back , nudge ron : barty crouch . . __ ron what 's he do here ? 24 2444 ee eee ee he * * be e eee et t*ehee bee + % 24 k continued : [ U ) 24a dumbledore please join I in welcoming the lovely lady of the beauxbaton Academy of Magic ! vr music begins -- light and fanciful -- and a wo maxime ) in a diaphanous gown stride into the . she be beautiful . she be elegant . she be ten ' all . seamus blimey . that 's one big woman . then , one by one , a procession of stunningly bea beauxbaton girl enter in graceful peay act asc clad in silky , skin-cling robe , they make '' impression on ron -- and every other boy preserit ex ( hermione be less persuade . ) suddenly , one after another , they pitch ene ao | forward and cartwheel to the top of the courtya 's whi 1 allay in a circle , they await they last two / ie ri fleur delacour , a particularly luminous girl , pd hed year - old sister gabrielle , who be she double . ad side - by-side to the center of the circle , fleur fill a silk scarf , dangle it from she fingertip a gabrielle like a top . the courtyard roar with approval . ( hermione be eye . ) sj dumbledore Madame maxime . welcome to hogwart , my dear . madame maxime os ah , dugbly -dorr . you be well , yea ? dumbledore bloom . Madame maxime step away , pass hagrid . his twitches . suddenly , the thrum of balalaieas file . ie courtyard , dumbledore a and now ... we friend from the north ! please greet the proud q son of durmstrang ! igor karkaroff -- tall , sleek and arrogant -- forth , trail by a regiment of stoic durm dark fur cloak . a pair of sleek black pan '' glitter like gold -- pad sullenly at karkar : . ide , as rarkaroff reach the top of the courtyard , es about imperiously . ( co ) 24a continued : ( 2 ) rarkaroff dear old hogwart . it 's so ... dumbledore perfectly imperfect ? karkaroff smile , turn to snape , who nod on 7 snape igor . karraroff severus . Long time , no see . and barty . I almost do not recognize you . you look a0 ... tired . sleep well this day ? crouch glower . karkaroff smile , then snap finger . a quartet of durmstrang boy bring t enthusiastic applause from all . ss ©) they lip and spit dazzle comet of FIRE no ron omigod ! it 's he ! Harry look . at the end of the line , brood } keh be shadow brow , be Victor krum . just then , fli ick strike he finest conductor 's pose -- lift before a ragtag band of student and a DISCO ! fill the courtyard . instantly , the hogwart $ 5 2 serenade they visitor with a glorious cacophony , hogwart anthem : hogwart student hogwart , hogwart , hoggy warty hogwart ... teach we something please whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knee we head could do with fill with some interesting stuff for now they be bare and full of air . Dead fly and bit of fluff . karkaroff raise a eyebrow . maxime struggle smile . dumbledore beam . hogwart student so we bid you truly welcome you be 4 funny lot but any guest of hogwart can not be all rot ! ( continwved } '' ) 00 ) i ) eee eee Fe rr the * e the ee 24a 243 continued : int . great hall - night ( later ) everyone feast . bewitch by Madame maxime , wi erik stare down the tall table to where she sit ... and absently spear Professor flitwick 's hand with , a karkaroff eye crouch darkly , then turn , see be watch he . smiling thinly , karkaroff tit goblet . 89 . @ ) [ L 's ) 24a dumbledore ah , music . a magic beyond all we do here . \r — Harry eye the ravenclaw table , where the Beau girl sit and fleur converse with cho. ron om ) face and stare at krum , who sit with the $ 1 hear this , Harry 's eye shift , consider Kar dumbledore rise , nod to the back of the Hall , filch , who begin to limp forward with a old @ h '' ing row brilliant , be not he ? hermione he 's esring . ( op ) harry why d' you suppose they have be put at the slytherin table ? hermione bird of a feather . durmstrang ] put a lot of emphasis on rhe Dark Arts . dumbledore q q I would like to say a few word before we bring in the casket . neville z casket . do he say casket ? dumbledore eternal glory . that be what a be ) await the student who win the triwizard tournament . but to do — so , that student must survive three task . Three very dangerous qo task . fred / GEORGE wick . , ( ee 245 ee ee 24b continued : dumbledore you see , the triwizard tournament have a unfortunate history of kill off its participant , for this reason the Ministry hag & Department of International magical cooperation , Mr. bartemius crouch -- CRA -ack ! a stitch of lightning flash across ie enchanted ceiling and the torch along the wal . flicker , casting the Hall into a eerie semi-d the rear door fly open and a man stand in D. silhouette , clad in a long black traveling clo , clutching a stapf . lightning flash again a1 '' madeye " moody be reveal , all grizzle grey scar flesh . as he limp forward -- clonr ! all eye shift to he wooden leg while the ele 0 ) bloody hell . that 's madeye moody . hermione alastor moody ? the auror ? eye imbed in he skull scana the Hall '' = '' top ) ron dean thomas see fit to impose a new rule . to explain , we have the head of the NJ of eh ee eo a ta T 1 row Dark wizard catcher . half the cell in azkaban be fill thanks to he . suppose to be mad as hatter this day though . see death eater in hia dustbin . another bolt of lightning flash . annoy , he wand to the ceiling and , casting a red jet . calm the enchant sky . slowly , the torch they bloom . auror ? q satisfied , moody pocket he wand , bring out tip it to he lip . Harry watch every move fascinate . seamus suppose ? harry I do not think it 's pumpkin juice . — l i. what 's that he 's drink , do ' you ( ) ot 24b eh ee fer rr rrr oe * * & 2458 25 continued : ( 2 ) moody and dumbledore exchange whisper and a then moody take the one remain seat at the tall table . the staff eye he in mute disbelief . vf caan , barty crouch blink , turn back to the what ?! dumbledore barty , as you be say ... barty crouch ( consulting a parchment ) after due consideration , the Ministry have conclude that , for they own safety , no student under the age of seventeen will be allow to put forth they name for the triwizard tournament . this decision be final . fred GEORGE that 's rubbish ! dumbledore silence ! dumbledore say this so forcefully the result absolute . dumbledore thank you . teking he wand , dumbledore turn to the " cas : give it three tap . as the lid open , he be wooden cup dance with blue - white flame . dumbledore the goblet of Fire . anybody wishing to submit themselves to the tournament need only write they name upon a piece of parchment and drop it into the flame within the next twenty - four hour . do not do so lightly . if choose , there be no turn back . as of this moment ... the triwizard tournament have begin . ext . hogwart castle - day Dark , autumnal cloud hang over the castle . stunne wee h29zo0 ( D 8 ) i ) lj 5 payne 248 25 kee * ee 254 thro 264 26b omitted int . moody' classroom - day with a massive thud , moody drop a textbook onto neville 's desk , the same textbook on everybody stes the Dark force : a guide to self - Protection . madeye moody I see you a 1 ] slogge down to flourish & blotta like good little boy and girl and buy the textbook . congratulation ... it will make a fine doorstop . ( turn ) I be alastor moody , ex - auror , Ministry malcontent and you new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher . I be here because dumbledore ask I . end of story , goodbye , the end . any question ? 920041 5g moody 's blue eye scan the silent classroom , 1 Harry . Harry starea back , willing himself to 1 old warrior 's horrifying visage . moody turn take he flask . madeye moody when it come to the Dark Arts , I believe in a practical approach . you may wonder what I mean by that . I will show you . but first , which of you can tell I ... ale moody take a sour tug on the flask , snatch specimen jar and watch a spider scuttle wit 's madeye moody +... how many unforgivable curse there be ? nso the student trade uneasy glance . finally , hand rise tentatively . as he real eye continue stare at the spider , moody 's blue eye rotate hermione . madeye moody I might have know . go on , Granger . pa hermione , there be three , sir -- ( stop ) how do you know ... ( co ; a ee eee se ee eee ee eo ee eee 26 B continued : madeye moody ( circle again ) you name ? I know a bit more than that . you be top of you class -- correct ? hermione yes , sir ... madeye moody naturally inquisitive ? hermione yes ... madeye moody socially inept ? hermione well ... madeye moody and ... Muggle bear . whirrr ! moody stop , eye rake over the othe moody jab he staff into the floor , right in Harry . Harry remain transfix . madeye moody I be not about to walk into a room full of stranger without do background . constant vigilance ! o41 SE w292 nont 3 as the class jump , Harry study nocd ce seb madeye moody ( to Harry ) the devil like disguise . never forget that . madeye moody again , Granger . how many curse ? hermione Three . madeye moody and they be so name ...? hermione because they be unforgivable . the use of any one of then ... finally moody move , be pain ( couty | 8 268 26b continued : ( 2 ) madeye moody . will earn you a one - way ticket to azkaban , correct . now , the Ministry say you be too young to see what this curse do . I say different . you need to know what you be up against . you need to be prepare , you need to find another place the put you gum besides the underside of you desk , Mr. finnegan . seamus blink , catch in the act . whisper : seamus blimey . the old codger can see out of the back of he head ... madeye moody . and hear across classroom . so. which curse shal ] we see first ? weasley ! ron y-y ? madeye moody give I a curse . do ete N oo 2izowo ron watch uneasily as moody return to the sp sige i jar , reach inside and let the spider run up hi ron well ... my dad once tell I about one ... the imperius curse . madeye moody I expect you father would know that one . gave the Ministry 6 fair bit of grief some year ago . perhaps this will show you why : imperio ! [ 30 as moody wave he wand , the spider leap for onto parvati 's shoulder . as she shriek , mood he wand and the spider bound from seamus to N lavender , on and on , the student howling with ent as if finally land on a horrify ron . i moody gr : then summon the spider back to he palm , wher slowly circle he wand over it . madeye moody talented , be not she ? what should I have she do next ? jump out a window ? drown herself ? pe ( ci F 26b + oe continued : ( 3 ) one by one , the student 's smile dry up . madeye moody score of witch and wizard elaim they only do you -know - influence of the imperius curse . here 's the rub ; how do you sort out the liar ? {as it sink in ) another ! who 's bid while under the sr he scan the forest of hand , when he eye rota particular interest on ... neville . madeye moody it 's longbottom , be it ? Professor sprout tell I you have a aptitude for herbology . madeye moody yes . particularly nasty . moody step forward , loom over neville and . the spider onto he desk , madeye moody crucio ! the spider twitches , leg trembling violently . stand utterly motionless , eye fix on nevil seem transfix by the spider 's misery . herm drift from the spider to neville 's hand , whic clenching the corner of he desk so hard he be turn white . ( S ) bweville ( a shy nod , then ) there 's ... the cruciatus curse . hermione — stop it ! can not you see it 's bother he ! stop it ! pinally ... moody drop he wand . the room be madeye moody perhaps you could give we the last unforgivable curse , miss Granger . hermione glance at neville , shake she head . madeye moody avada kedavra ! ( co ) ee oe . 26b continued : ( 4 ) ee ) 268 there be a flash of GREEN light , a rush of AIR '' fe spider ... roll onto its back . Dead . madeye moody \r - the kill curse . there be no block it . only one person be ' know to have survive it . and he 's sit in this room . as the other turn they eye on he , Harry logk . up see moody study he . moody 's tongue nervo| fly ppobe the corner of he mouth as he take out he flas g turn away . Harry 's eye drop to the spider . feag motionless . ( >) 27 ext . spiral staircase outside moody be - day ( m4 ' ss 27 later ) Harry , ron and hermione drift from class . ron brilliant , be not he ? completely dement , of course , and terrifying to be in the same room with , but he 's really be there , y'know ? he 's look evil in the eye . hermione I think he 's cruel . do you see neville ? I think he be go to -- Harry let out a short warning whistle : up l= in earshot , neville stand by a stained glass window , he face run in rainy blue light as he gaze v , with beyond , hermione ( gently ) neville ...? clunk ! clunk ! moody limp past they , place ed hand on neville 's shoulder . madeye moody it 's alright , sonny . you come with I . we will have a cup of tea in ny office . as moody lead neville away , Harry and the othe off themselves . camera push in ow the wi 3 neville have stand . set within the pane be a witch fashioned out of blue glass , she " skin " with rain . a tiny fissure mar the glass below t eye . she look to be cry . ee ve ) 28 omitted 23a through through 32 32 33 ext . courtyard - late afternoon \- 33 we start high over the courtyard , where a bit sweep crystalline sheet of rain from the roo below , cedric diggory come into view , dash t' the great Hall . 33 k int . great hall - continuous action - late wboum ) 334 the goblet flickera eerily at the top of the hfs 2 ) group of underclassmen -- Harry and ron among stand by as they older classmate submit theimname < hermione clutches a copy of triwfzard tragedie . hermione people have get splinch in this tournament ! more than once ! dean thomas splinch ? seamus dunno . but it do not sound good . cedric diggory Potter . 2. cedric nod to Harry , drop he name . ron raises_his hand in greeting , but cedric be already dash ( 6 into the rain . ron frown , drop he hand , glance the goblet . ron eternal glory . be brilliant , would not it , three year from now , when we be old enough , to be choose ? harry better you than I . Harry grin and ron nod knowingly . just then , id and George come stride forth , look very pleasé ed . fred well , we have do it , lad . GEORGE cook it up just this morning . NB ( co ed all + +e eee of F eet e ook *e oe . 33a continued : [ ys ) 33a Fred and George hold op twin vial . hermione ( in & sing - song ) \r - — it 's not go to work ... everyone turn . hermione flip a page in she GEORGE yeah ? and why 's that , Granger ? hermione because a genius like dumbledore could not possibly be fool by a dodge as pathetically dim -witted as a ageing potion . fred that 's what make it so brilliant . it 's pathetically dim -witted . hermione go on , then . GEORGE ready , fred. fred ready , George . fred / GEORGE bottom up ! as one , they tip a gooey GREEN liquid onto the en and , with great drama , cross the golden line enc ing the goblet . as they drop they name , everyon , and wait . Fred and George grin , high five ea and ... «..» be ejected high in the air , out of the c flat onto they back , whereupon little white sprout on they chin . everyone laugh , includi , ‘ed and George . then seamus stop . then dean. on . finally , when no one be laugh , hermione lo es what have silence they : Victor krum . sr he drop he name , glance at she , briefly , th qwer he head and slouches away . hermione watch hij briefly , then turn back to she book . camera back to the goblet of FIRE , dance with flame , dissol * : ac 34 int . great hall - night ie * ... the goblet , hour later , now sit at oll ) the Hall . the House table crackle with anticipation 25 > overhead , the enchanted ceiling swirl with D . at the tall table , the staff wait , moody amon Dean Thomas dash up to the gryffindor table . dean thomas do you hear ! not a single student from beauxbaton submit they name . ron what ! Harry and ron glance to the ravenclaw table , git next to a empty seat . ron look crestfa n ron they have go home !?! hermione can not sey I '' surprised . that o girl be just a tad high -strung , if you ask I . suddenly there be a stir at the back of the hal a beauxbaton girl , chin hold high , stride sin - £ into the room , past the House table and up to e let of Fire where -- one after another -- they dep| vr name . as a final flourish , tiny gabrielle De cast a handful of pirie dust into the goblet , wh issue a pink cloud of rose petal . the Hall pig with whistle and cheer . ron beam . co hermione oh , for cry out loud . a ron o a I love it when they do this ... hermione — do what ? < ron you know ... walk together . m 1 ] dumbledore thank you , lady of beauxbaton , for that enjoyable bit of theatre . now ... the moment haa arrive . dumbledore draw he wand and give a great 's motion . instantly , the torch lining the hal , . then die . the only light come from the blue - | flame of the goblet . ( co ) eee 34 we. continued : 34 a hush descend . then ... the flame crackle red . a charree bit of parchment flutter from the goblet and dumbledore pluck it out of the air . co dumbledore the champion for durmstrang be ... Victor krup . a storm of applause accompany krum from the sl in table to the top of the hall and into the adjoxn chamber . ron no surprise there ! once more , the Hall grow quiet , all eye on the . gohbitt . the flame turn red . a second piece of pari free . dumbledore the champion for beauxbaton be .. fleur delacour . row I be tell you , they do not make they like that at hogwart . ron whistle through he finger -- a touch to - hermione glower at he . i dumbledore doboe and lastly , the hogwart champion . ( a beat ) cedric diggory ! ron silly git ... hermione he 's mean to be quite smart actually . dnd he 's a prefect . '' ) a ) like that 's a ron thing ... zg se qo ) ontinited }} Ho dumbledore excellent ! we now have we three champion . I be sure I can count upon all of you to give you full support to - each and every -- ( ci 34 35 es . continued : ( 2 ) 34 a collective gasp cut dumbledore short : the the goblet of pire have , once more , turn red . moody 's eye rotate . a fourth shred of parchment flut he por a moment , dumbledore simply let it float > ir , regard it suspiciously , then he take it . dumbledore Harry Potter . tee there be a moment of suspend silence . then in the Hall turn toward Harry . incredulous , search Harry 's face for some explanation . finally hermione whisper : hermione —) go on , Harry . Harry rise stiffly and begin the slow walk p ; house table . as he come level with the tall\ table , he catch sight of dumbledore . he be not smile : tht . trophy room - night ( second later ) 35 Harry enter , stop , stunne . fleur do zey want we back in ze Hall ? gap Harry turn , find krum , diggory and fleur sta ! majestically before # roaring FIRE . harry use use use the door crash open and dumbledore sweep inside , a karkaroff , maxime , snape and crouch . maxime , a¥e ) g indignantly , brushes she head against a chandel madame maxime what be ze meaning of zis , dumbly - dorr ! do dumbledore Harry , do you put you name into the goblet of Fire ? harry no , sir . . dumbledore do you ask a older student to put you name in ? ( connty ) paipaiin 35 continued : harry wo , sir . madame maxime ah , but of course 'o be lie ! madeye moody the hell he be . the goblet of Fire be a exceptionally powerful magical object . only a exceptionally powerful confundus ( a ) charm could have hoodwink it . Magic beyond the talent of any fourth Year . cs ) karkarofp you seem to have give this a fair bit of think , moody . madeye moody it be once my job to think the way Dark wizard do , karkaroff . perhaps you remember ... dumbledore barty ... I leave this to you . crouch stand by the fire , stare into the flam blankly , face cast in eerie half - shadow . mood sy a eye vibrate with strange intensity as he conside he older man . barty crouch the rule be absolute . the goblet of Fire constitute a bind magical contract . Mr. Potter have no choice . he be , as qj 0 of tonight , a triwizard Champion . Ze ) 354 ext . hogwart castle - night ( later ) a5 a the dark castle stand solemiy in the punish : one light burus in a upper window ... 35b int . dumbledore 's office - night sr 35 B dumbledore , mcgonagall , snape and moody meet . ledore stand before a open cabinet , stare into a ee iw stone basin which whirl with liquid light . ( c0 ) 35 B continued : moody rotate he blue eye onto dumbledore , sm professor mcgonagall this can not be ignore , albus ! first the Dark Mark ! now this ! dumbledore what do you suggest , minerva ? professor mcgohagall put a end to it ! do not let Potter compete . dumbledore you hear barty . the rule be clear -- professor mcgonagall oh , the devil with barty and he rule . and since when do you accommodate the Ministry , albus ? snape I wust say , headmaster , I too find it difficult to believe this mere coincidence . however , if we be to truly discover the meaning of this event , we may have to simply -- for the time be -- let they unfold . professor mcgonagall De nothing ! offer he as bait ! Potter 's a boy , not a piece of meat ! dumbledore I agree . with severus. however ... I would like you to keep a eye on Harry , alastor . madeye hoody I can do that . dumbledore but he must not know . JI expect he 's feel anxious enough as it be , think of what lie ahead . then again ... I suppose we all be . ( cc G a rie 30429200415 > [ D ay 'o 35 B *e 358 36 op. continued : ( 2 ) 358 gently , dumbledore touch he wand to he tem extract a glistening silver thread and cast it into the basin . he close the cabinet door , putting u ; darkness . only the drumming of the rain remat : then ... we -~ 36 int . tower dormitory - night ( later ) the wall weep with reflected rain as it continue STORM beyond the window . Harry lie in bed , wa shadowy trail of water snake eerily over the < ron how would you do it ? Harry turna , eye the back of ron 's head . ron never mind . do not matter . might have let I know , though . harry let you know what ? ron you know bloody hell what . harry I do not ask for this to happen , ron . okey ? you be be stupid . ron that 's I . ron weasley . Harry Potter 's stupid friend . harry J do not put my name in the Cup ! I do not want eterna ! glory ! 1 just want to be ... Harry stop , frown . harry look . I do not know what happen tonight . and I do not know why . tt just ... do . okay ? the darkness crackle with silence . then ... row piss off . cs ) q ( ©y ) gq = S 0 ) Z <= ( ol , 30 ene 37 38 es int . trophy room - day 37 flash ! smoke trail from a BOX camera and the of champion blink . a paunchy photographer nod listiessly . photographer thank you . rita skeeter well now , be not we the charismatic quartet ... a woman step through the smoke and into the light , die the four champion with a almost feral intensi a skeeter . rita skeeter hel - lo , everyone . I '' rita skeeter and I write for the Daily Prophet -- but you all know that , do not you ? it 's you we do not know . ( pace by they ) what quirk lurk beneath the rosy cheek ? what mystery do the muscle mask ? do courage lie beneath the curl ? in short : what make a champion tick . I , myself and I want to know . not to mention my rabid reader . so . who 's feel up to share ? hm ? shall we start with the youngest ? ss ] Lovely . m2 zod int . broom closet - day '' ) 38 skeeter drag Harry inside , drop he onto a a box and slam shut the door , rita skeeter ah . this be nice and cozy . harry < it 's a ... broom cupboard . rita skeeter you must feel right at home then . do not mind if I use a Quick - quote '' X ] quill ? Harry watch skeeter take a acid - GREEN qui ! m she purse , suck on the tip , and place it upright pb piece of parchment . ( cr 38 G continued : rita skeeter tell I , Harry . here you sit -- a mere boy of twelve ... harry fourteen . rita skeeter -.. about to compete against three student not only vastly more emotionally mature than yourself , but who have master spell you would not attempt in you dizziest daydream ? concerned ? harry I ... dunno . I have not really sort it all out ... Harry glance at the quill racing across the p rita skeeter ignore the quill , dear . of course , you be no ordinary boy of twelve , be you ? harry fourteen -- rita skeeter you be Harry Potter . orphane in childhood , conqueror of you - know - who -- you story be legend . do you think the trauma of you past be what make you so keen to enter such a dangerous tournament ? harry but I do not enter -- rita skeeter qf course you do not , dear , ( a quick wink & whisper ) everyone love a rebel , Harry . ( to the quill ) scratch that last . marry watch the quill reverse itself . rita skeeter speak of you parent , be they alive today , how would they feel ? proud ? ( hore ) > a fp4anbo042 o04 5 92 we co ] 38 39 es . continued : ( 2 ) [ L ) 3b rita skeeter ( cont 'd ) or concerned that you behavior indicate , at best , a pathological need for attention or , at worst , a vr psychotic death wish ? Harry just sit , flustered , then realize the racing along even though he 's not speak . harry hey ! my eye be not glisten with the ghost of my past ... just then , the door swing open : dumbledore . cs ) rita skeeter dumbledore ! how be you ? dumbledore for a ' dusty old very well ... dingbat . 's rita skeeter I be only quote a high -ranking Ministry official who , regrettably , wish to remain anonymous . dumbledore do not they all . come , Harry . Mr. crouch be ready to give the instruction . ( — ) 39 int . trophy room - day crouch stand before the champion , while weooh ftp} maxime , karkaroff , dumbledore and moody look barty crouch courage in the face of the unknown be essential for any wizard . if one cannot defeat the devil he imagine he surely can not hope to defeat the devil itself . therefore , you will be tell nothing of what await you . you will , however , have two weapon upon which to rely : you wand and you wit . on behalf of the Minister for Magic , I wish each of you good luck . ( ci aip4ini 39 40 4 . continued : 39 skeeter eye crouch with cruel amusement as shi to the phlegmatic photographer . rita skeeter v2 ' on behalf of the Minister ...’ 1 remember when ol " barty crouch think he would rule the world . of course , that be before . mad as a bloody hatter this day ... as skeeter exit , moody be reveal , have heb fd eve word , ext . owlery - day ©) 40 a skeletal structure stand etched against the the distance , hogwart Castle look small , be - int . owlery - day 41 Harry , look decidedly burden , sit alone de ledge of a window . as a chill breeze cast he ir aside , revealing he scar , a black owl appear i che 's the slate sky . with a great fluitering swoop , dropa onto the ledge and bob its head impatie carefully , Harry take a weathered bit of part lash crudely to the owl 's leg . S ] [ ~ sirius ( v.0 . ) Harry . I could not risk send hedwig . sbver since the World Cup , the Ministry 's be intercept more and more owl and she 's too easily recognize , we need to talk , Harry , face to face . meet qo 0 I in the gryffindor common room at one o'clock this Saturday born . make sure you be alone ... sirius . ps : by the Way .. + harry ow ! sirius ( v.0 . ) sq the bird bite . Harry look at the blood curdle on he fing 'a 1 a drop hit the wood at he foot . then anoth : pi + rl 41a ore . Dark except for a gutter FIRE . Harry appea ' ft int . gryffindor common room - night le top of the stair , survey the empty room below , descend . a copy of the dafiy Prophet lie upon a tabl tragedy : Harry Potter and the triwizard Cup . " ' 8 photo be ten time the size of the other three champion . sssss ! the FIRE crackle . a log shift . sq Harry scowl at rita skeeter 's face , flicker demonically in the firelight , then hurl the pape the fire where it sizzle nastily and spit oul Harry take a step back , eying the fire warily flame mutate , molding themselves into ... harry abf - the head of sirius black , he godfather . harry sirius . wha -- ? how -- ? sirius we be wizard , Harry , remember ? we do this kind of thing . as sirius smile , he face shifte eerily , he crumble like ash , only to reform in the next_moi bo4a2o20 sirius so. triwizard Champion . congratulation . harry ( grimly ) thanks . sirius do not fox you way in , do you ? harry not sirius relax . it ys the kind of thing you father would have do . Harry nod , frown . sirius have hit a nerve . harry I have be think about he . what he would do in my place ... I do not know as much magic as the other , sirius . I be only fourth year . I be -- rip4 ( CO ; ahee * eee 4 la continued : sirius ««» a8 courageous a young wizard as there 's ever be accord to dumbledore and that 's no small praise . even so , any wizard must know he limitation . harry do my father ? sirius {as this sink in ) see much of karkaroff ? no. harry not really ... why ? sirius there 's something you should know about he , Harry . he be a death eater . harry do anyone ever really stop be a death eater . sirius whose answer do you want ? the Ministry 's or mine ? harry do you think he -- sirius dunno . but whoever do put you name in that goblet do not do it think you will ] win . I think they ' 11 be quite content if you simply die try . harry I be not ready for this , sirius -- sirius then get ready . this thing be not happen by chance . ( as Harry look up ) you be the boy who live . when you have a dream , it 's not just a dream . when you scar hurt , it 's not just a twinge . you past be everyone 's past . as be you future . do not you see ... ( co ; 3042920041 ss be if ) palin 4la ete Fe cee he ee eh er fh ceh hr ree rh * hh 41a oe . continued : ( 2 ) 41a sirius 's face crumble , decaye into something 's monstrous as he hiss : esa = he 's out there somewhere . wait . you have to get stronger because he 's get stronger ! sj Harry just stare , chill . then , a ploorboard ss. Harry glance toward the darkness of the landij td harry someone 's come ... dumbledore can not always protect you anymore , Harry . keep you friend close ... cq harry go! Harry wheel , shield the fire as a shadow ck ceiling and a boy appear , look pathetic in jou pajamas . ron . row who be you talk to ? ny sr who say I be talk to anyone ? ron I hear voice ... cs ) harry ( oy maybe you be imagine thing . would not be the first time . > [ > ron 's jaw stiffen and he turn away . Harry for start to speak , to make thing up , when ron ron practice for you next interview , I expect . as the shadow swallow ron , the FIRE crackle last charree remain of the Prophet -- bear Harry 's face and a single word : tragedy -- cu itself and turn to ash . ° a hee d4 neville ( v.0 . ) amazing ... FL +e + 42 ext . cloister ( oxford new college ) - day Harry , look a bit glum , walk with neville , he nose bury in a book . neville ama-2 ... harry neville ! you be do it again . neville oh. right. sorry ... harry ( eying neville 's book} magical Water plant of the Mediterranean ? neville moody give it to I . you know , that day we have tea . Harry nedg . then ... laughter sound from the of the garden . Harry turn , see Ginny and he : walk with a rather sullen-look ron . spy other , ron and Harry regard one another coolly whisper at length to hermione and exit . exabrh hermione approach . hermione Ronald would like I to tell you that seamus tell he that Dean be tell by parvati that hagrid 's look for you . harry be that right ? well -- what ? hermione parvati tell Dean to tell Ronald ... oshake she head ) do not ask I to repeat it . hagrid 's look for you . harry well , you can tell Ronald -- hermione I be not a owl . hermione turn away , continue on with Ginny . neville ama-ze ..+. ( o ) p ) . no ) 42 — ' sr S ) sc ) QI ing D * 43 44 ( ops ) omitted [ ) 43 ext . forbidden forest - night 44 camera soar over the forbidden forest , drop epoch tree . . harry ( 0.5 . ) where exactly be it you be take sn ] I , hagrid hagrid ( 0.s . ) wouldn ' be righ 's if I tol ' yeh @ ) tha’ , now would it , ‘arry . migh ' find yeh sneakin ' out here on yer own one nigh ' . camera find Harry trail hagrid 's broad bac ! ‘or the eerie darmess . Harry glance about quea harry oh yeah . that could happen ... just then , up ahead , men' shout come clear , owed a ear -splitting roar . hagrid glance back , gerifm and gesture Harry forward . a clear come [ nto where gang of wizard surround four giant slate Inside each cage , something huge rage viole sguint . harry hagrid , be that what I think -- hagrid nod excitedly . harry but what be they do here ? ( blink ) hagrid , that be not -- I mean , one of that be not for ... I ? hagrid grin like a kid . Harry point . harry that 's the first task ? dragon ! hagrid thrillin ' , be not it ! do not envy the champion who draw the horntail , though . back end 's more dangerous than the front -- on cue , the horntail blast a rope of FIRE st across the clear , directly at Harry and hag they bail to opposite side , the regal pine b turn to ash . 44 45 continued : hagrid " course , the front end 's nothin’ ter sneeze at . Harry regains he foot , spy Madame maxime across the way . harry that 's Madame maxime ! hagrid ( dreamily } should see ‘er las 's night . Long pink silk , hair fallin’ ' roun ' ... harry and there 's karkaroff ! incredulous , Harry point to another section of hagrid yeah . Don ' miss a trick , tha ' one . just then , the black horntail roar angrily , be ; cage as he rage at the gang of wizard tendi hagrid righ ' big ball o* gas , be not he ? think ron would faint jus 's lookin 's at ' im , harry ron ? ron be here ? hagrid sure . his brother Charlie be part of '' the team tha’ brough 's the dragon o'er from Romania . Din ' ron tell yeh ? no . he do not . ext . corridor - day Harry walk alone , angry , pass student who badge that read " potter stink , " which anger then he spy cedric diggory talk with a g older hufflepuff . slow . debate , he head ( CO ) nibo4es ir zoo al | sp : or ° ° m of ay ai ] oe 5 S 45 ee athe 45 op. continued : 45 the lapel of cedric 's friend glimmer with " p| stink " badge . as Harry come up , one blink and the punch line be reveal : '' support cedric diggo true hogwart Champion . '' notice Harry , one neds to cedric . he turn . eye Harry coolly . oy cedric diggory ay Potter . harry coutd I have a word ? cedric diggory all right . harry ( as they step away ) dragon . that 's the first task . they have get one for each of we . cedric diggory ( suspicious , then ) you be ... serious . ( as Harry neds ) and fleur and krum ? do they -- Harry nod again . as cedric rub he chin not be 1 ponder this , Harry look away and ... see down the corridor with seamus . cedric diggory why be you tell I ? harry ( still eying ron ) would not be right 1 for I do not , would it ? what would that make I cedric diggory ( a slow nod ) right . by the way , about that badge , I have ask they not to wear they , but , well ... harry ( move off ) forget it . anibo4lg200 ( ci ? all ee eh se he ee 45 continued : ( 2 ) new angle - on ron and seamus seahus so I say to she , I would , but then what would I do with the seventeen mandrakea ! ron smile vaguely , clearly not get the see Harry up ahead , barring he wey . harry you be a right foul git , you know that . ron glance about , uncomfortably aware of onlop steele himself . ron you think so , do you ? harry I know so , ron anything else ? harry yeah . stay away from I . row Fine . joke oe ss as ron exit , Harry turn , find malfoy stare cruel amjsement , crabbe and goyle by he side . draco why so tense , Potter ? Harry eye he , then simply turn , begin to draco my father and I have a bet , Potter . you see , he thinka you will not last ten minute in the tournament , but I disagree ... Harry continue on ... draco I say you will not last five . 4292 lpan uw is ee ee +e & + tee ee fr be er re or ** 45 you know what I say , malfoy ? I say you can both ... ( stop , turn ) eat dung . malfoy 's face fall . ql harry what do you say to that ? cm malfoy stand stiffly , mute . harry right . as Harry turn away , malfoy fume , then reache : wand , take aim at the back of Harry 's head madeye moody ok no you don 't , laddie ! continued : ( 3 ) [ L ) 45 harry bang ! Harry spin , find moody frame in the & wand point at the empty space between ( qd a goyle . Harry 's eye shift : on the floor a white do crazy - eight in the spot where malfoy sto second before . madeye moody I will teach you to curse someone when they back 's turn . bang ! -- moody send the ferret fly up into| over and over . madeye moody stink ... cowardly ... scummy ... professor mcgonagall Professor moody ! what be you do ! Harry turn , watch mcgonagall rush forward . madeye moody Teaching . professor mcgonagall Teaching ? js that a student ! madeye moody technically , it 's a ferret . ( c + +e eee ee the be ee +h ee 45 46 continued : ( 4 ) De eee mcgonagall draw she wand and -- pop ! -- malfo reappear , sprawle on the floor , face pink , gasp for breath , professor mcgonagall we never use transfiguration as a punishment , alastor ! surely dumbledore tell you ? madeye moody might have mention it ... oar to Harry 's surprise , moody 's eye shift then , to something sly in the glance , almost complicit . malfoy my father will hear about this ! moody spin away from Harry , turn on malfoy f\eéxc hadeye moody be that a threat ? I know thing about you father that would curl even you greasy hair , boy ! ( to Harry ) you . come with I . 2 int . moody' office - day Harry follow moody into a office fill with bi e dark detector . in one ~-- a mirror -- murky S mutate eerily . ( 412 madeye moody that *s a foe-glass . let I keep a eye on my enemy . if I can 0 q ) see the white of they eye they be stand behind I . as moody grin , Harry nod uncertainly . just across the room , a huge trunk with seven keyhole ; vibrate violently and a terrible moaning be within . madeye moody I will not even bother tell you sj what 's in there . you would not believe I if I do . moody take a pull on he flask , consider ha : «co 45 46 + +e Fe Fe rr eee eee eb 46 continued : madeye moody that be a very decent thing you do back there with diggory . mind tell I why you do it ? harry Sir ? madeye moody he 's you competition . harry well , I just think -- ( stop ) should we be talk about this , Professor ? I mean , be not it sort of , well , cheating ? madeye moody cheate 's a tradition in the triwizard tournament . always have be , now tell I what you be go to do about you dragon ? harry well , I suppose I 'il ... you madeye moody I see you have give it some real serious think . listen to I , potrer . you pal diggory ? by you age he could transfigure a whistle into a watch and have it sing you the time . as for miss delacour -- do not be fool by the little girl gowns . she 's about as wuch fairy princess as I be . as for krum , ais head may be fill with sawdust , but karkaroff 's be not . they will have a strategy . and you can damn well bet it will play to krum 's strength . Harry nod vaguely ... madeye moody do I need to write that last bit down for you ? c'mon , Potter ! what be you strength ? besides be a helluva good guy ? 8 ip4inio429 20041 5 '' a +e ee of +e 46 47 continued : int . library - day Harry trail hermione through the stack , wari sidestepping the book she summon from the shi tower over then . Harry scowl , briefly imitate hermione behi then spy ron study alone at a far table , Harry turn , watch hermione push through a whispering girl , who -- Harry discover -- a : krum . @ ) harry I dunno . I can fly . I 'ma fair flyer . madeye moody better than fair the way I hear it . harry but I be net allow a broom ... madeye moody you be allow a wand , be not you ? hermione you wand , you wit , you broom , that , in essence , ig what moody 's say you will need . correct ? harry ( ducking a book ) right ... dunno why he could not just come and tell I . hermione yes , you will actually have to engage you brain . how inconsiderate of he . hermione do you mind ! harry krum ? in the library ? hermione he 's always here . which mean they be always here . Dead annoying . ( CO ) a oos 5 De panbo42 on 46 47 eee 47 continued : 4 ? De as hermione fling another book over she shoul duck , pivot , and watch it refile itself perfectly . just then , malfoy 's voice carry from somewhe next aisle . draco ( 0.s. ) ' ET still cry when I think of mum and dad , ' say Potter . ' mostly at night , when I be alone . ' harry I never say that ... hermione do not reply , oblivious . Harry angr ; through the gap in the stack and spy malfo ! surround by slytherin , ae he read from the ba Prophet . draco ' fortunately , the troubled young champion ... s204 malfoy lock up , see Harry and can barely con ! be glee as he raise he voice : «+» have find comfort in the dove arm of classmate hermione granger ...‘ sq harry I never say that either -- Harry turn , see that hermione remain oblivi someone else be not : Cho , stand at the end of aisle . she look from he to hermione . then. whack !... hermione fling a book over she sho hit Harry in the head . harry ow ! oh , Harry . be you all right ? accio ! with a flick of she wand , hermione summon the the floor and send it back toward the shelf . she stop . hermione a x1 wwe ( el ee ee he ee eee Fe * 47 48 49 so continued : ( 2 ) hermione that 's it . ( to Harry ) Harry . that 's it ! ( hurry off ) of course the incantation will have to be rather powerful and you will have to leave a window open ... Harry watch hermione go muttering off , then look for che. go . he frown , then pass prame , the camera moving toward a window ... oa ] SE ext . hogwart castle - late afternoon «.. and through , soaring over the grounds to t tree of the forbidden Forest , circle the cr ew of the clear , where newly erect stand tee ! £ student ... ext , arena stand - late afternook ... descending into the clear itself , woo George conduct a few last minute transaction . > fred step up , mate ! who fancy a flutter on tonight 's bloodbath ? GEORGE smart money 's on krum to survive ! fred one 'i1 get you ten if Potter die . ow ! hermione pop George hard in the arm , glowerk disapprovingly as ... GEORGE we would cut Harry in , of course ... «+ '' the camera trace back with she into a tend int . tent - late afternoon ... rarry pace . hermione snap shut the fla ; rm nervously . p ( c h 4nibo4 at 48 49 so se hee er eh ** 50 continued : [ lo ) 50 hermione how're you feel ? okay ? Harry nod . hermione glance about . fleur si pin-stony silence . krum lie on a bench . diggory pace . hermione sy the key be to concentrate . after * that , you just have to ... harry Battle a dragon . hermione right ... oh , Harry ! overcome , she throw she arm around he , when ~~ : -- rita skeeter stroll in , photographer in to rita skeeter Young love . how stir . if thing go unfortunately tonight , you two may even make the front page . hermione you , rita skeeter oh do not even start , you silly ws girl . 12 can tell you where it will end . erum you haff no business here . the tent be for champion . and ... friend . q cq everyone turn , stunne to hear krum speak . s| * study he appraisingly ( as do hermione ) , t ile * thinly . rita skeeter no matter . we get what we want . as she exit , dumbledore enter from the oppos with he be karkaroff and Madame maxime and b& ouch , dumbledore good evening , champion . ( _ ) * ( as they assemble ) * you have wait . you have wonder , —- and now the moment be here . ( more ) ccowsakbep , 50 continued : ( 2 ) [ ls ) 50 dumbledore ( cont 'd ) a moment only you four can fully appreciate . which beg the question : why be you here in vp this moment , miss Granger ? hermione | oh. sorry . I 'll. just. go. * dumbledore ( as she exit ) * barty . barty crouch surely it 's be excruciate for you all , speculate this many * week as to just what it be that = await you tonight . within this bag lie the answer . miss delacour , if you will ... crouch hold out a bag or purple silk . fleur draw out a tiny model of a dragon bear have ( ip ) it pad over fleur 's palm , let out a tiny puff of barty crouch the welsh Green . Mr. krum ... krum reach in , draw " 3 . " the chinese fireball ... then cedric : " i . " cc ) barty crouch the swedish short -snout . which leave ... harry barty crouch ss the horntail . dumbledore 's eye darken as they peer into Harry . the miniature horntail rear up sngrily , let and emit a tiny ball of FIRE . sur ace ay this represent four very real dragon , each of which have be give a golden egg to protect . C ) you objective be simple : collect the egg . this you must do , for each egg contain a clue , without which you can not hope to survive the next task . any question ? * 50 51 dumbledore very well . good luck to you all . Mr. diggory , at the sound of the cannon , you may pro-- ra-bloom ! filch fire a SMALL cannon a tad ear . cause all present to nearly jump out of they 's CO ) continued : ( 3 ) [ ) 50 the champion stand mute . cedric stare at the tiny dragon in he hand , he finger over it and stride away . camera br behind the remain trio as cedric exit ... rising higher as the unseen crowd roar ... rising Te crane ) of the tent where the canvas undulate with th that flicker beyond ... cycling slowly back do ! Harry . stand alone . as he begina to move , track after , following he through the tent a! I es ext . arena - late afternoon 51 ... the roaring arena , where hundred of scream ] NI wheel above he and three massive banner hang / tatn and smoking . only the banner opposite , emblazpnr the hogwart crest , be wholly intact . then ... a fireball burst through the center of it a er disintegrate , revealing ... the horntail . yel 8 blaze . spike tail punish the ground where @ glimmering golden egg lie . Harry point he Ed the harry accio firebolt ! instantly , camera crane high , soaring above 0 . dy and the forest that contain it , leave the 3 | voice behind , finding hogwart Castle on the pinprick appear in the sky , lengthen , drat in a rush of AIR . and then ... Harry 's firebol ' into view . camera crane down , plummeting back into the a ) scream voice , tracking the broom right i. Harry 's hand . instantly , Harry rocret into the air , clotnes / amyppine , hair flutter off he scar . enrage , the horntail 's head swivel , yellow e tracking Harry 's every move . as Harry dive .. ( cl g ) > 2 on a eee of ee 5h continued : [ I 51 ... the horntail spit forth a blazing rope of ' Harry swoops , streaking under the flame , straighten out , dive again , then look down and ... be '' + + be the dragon 's spike tail lash up 111 a_whip . Harry roll sideways , strangling the firebolt 's as the dragon 's tail whistle past and a gust of W. buffet hin . Rolling upright , Harry jet away , dodging one FIRE after another , then loop down and ... find head directly at the horntail . furious , thed rise up , send forth a errant blast of FIRE 4 the briefest of moment , leave the golden egg noting this , Harry climb once more , circle rie once again , when he see ... Cho . look up at he with rapt intensity . letur ss she face , wheeling slowly by like a dream , when ++. @ snaking shadow ripple across the seat hand fly to she face in horror . Harry blink , and ... too late . the dragon 's tail slashes through h and send he spin away in a spray of bloo , grimace , Harry steady the firebolt and -- jaw -- begin to circle the arena , as he fly faster and faster , the crowd rise to its foot , roaring as rocket past once , twice , and then again . sudp¢nly , np loops high ... and dive . directly at the horntail . the dragon bellows savagely , stretch its ch fas ( ed he break point , and expel a blazing ball of FIRE e crowd gasp , face bleach with light as the shimmer , and then ... Harry burst straight out of the ball of fire , between the dragon 's leg and scoop up the . as he rise into the air -- robe smoking , face strewn with ash -- cheer shake the arena . <r exultant , Harry circle the arena on the smoldering firebolt , egg clutch in he bloody hand . fager wheel below : dumbledore , mcgonagall , Cho and ... th fal . otaty of inscrutable moody , whose glimmer blue eye 8 a unhappy karkaroff . as the flag of gryffindor be raise , Harry grin ... 52 int . common room - night ( later ) hearty backslap . fred knew you would not die , Harry . lose a arm ... GEORGE 4a leg . fred but pack it up altogether ? fred / GEORGE never . seamus ( hold up the egg ) c'mon , Harry . what d' you say ? hermione Harry , maybe you should not ... harry bring it here . wait for the room to positively crackle with anticipation and then ... stop . the other jeer mutinously . he grins . open it . and ... a horrible screeching wail ( mermish ) fill the room . fred shut it ! shut ie ! ron as Harry snap shut the egg , one voice cn ] bloody hell . what be that ! Harry look . hermione look . everyone look . eon , stand by the portrait hole , hand on ear . fj shift uneasily , suddenly aware he 's in the fred alright , everyone ! go back to you knitting . this be go to be uncomfortable enough without all you nosy sod listen in . as the hum of conversation resume , Harry man 8p ( c 53 omitted ron I reckon you would have to be bark mad to put you own name in the goblet of Fire . harry caught on , have you ? take you long enough . ron I be not the only one who think you would do it , Harry . everyone be say it behind you back . harry brilliant . that make I feel load better . ron at least I warn you about the dragon ! harry hagrid warn I about the dragon ! row no , I do ! do not you remember ? tell hermione to tell you that seamus tell I thet parvati have tell Dean that hagrid be look for you . but seamus never actually tell I anything because it be really I all along . 1 think we would be , y'know , alright again ... once you figure that out . harry how could possibly figure that out ? it 's completely mental . row ' tis , be not it ? suppose I be a bit distraught . hermione ( roll she eye ) boye . I eee fer bree HH eh 54 int . great hall - day 54 Cho sit with a fellow ravenclaw girl , who whi 's she ear and giggle . Cho smile enigmatically and cast a faint glance toward Harry , who respond by i t porridge down he chin . as he dab he mouth with he napkin , parvati and padma patil -- identtica twin -- stroll by and cast he identical come- hithe look : parvati / padma hi , Harry . hermione I do not believe it ! she 's do it again . hermione scowl at the dafiy Prophet . under R : skeeter 's byline and photo -- hair in ringlet -- a headline scream : " harry potter' secret heartache . '' hermione ' miss Granger , 8 plain but ambitious girl , seem to be develop a taste for famous wizard . her latest prey , source report , be none other than bulgarian bonbon viktor krum . wo word yet on how Harry Potter be take this latest emotional blow . " ron you and krum . that 's rich . ron chuckle . hermione glower at he . 3042920048 ron I just mean ... I know you . krum 's famous . hermione who 's more famous than Harry Potter ? and he 's you best ini friend . row yeah , well , that 's different , sj be not it ? hermione shake she head in weary puzzlement aye pirst year boy ( nigel ) come dash up with al BOX . '' the 54 continued : tiny boy parcel for you , Mr. weasley . ron ah , thank you , Nigel . the boy stare in jittery awe at Harry . ron not now , Nigel . as Nigel stumble off , Harry and hermione eye shrug . row I tell he I would get he Harry 's autograph . hey look . mum 's send I something ... mum 's send I a dress . Harry watch ron 11ft a lace -trimmed gown for : oy harry do match you eye . be there a bonnet ? ron nose out , Harry . hey , cinny . this must be for you . ginry I be not wear that . it 's ghastly . hermione , back of she hand the she mouth , suppress laugh . row what be you on about ? hermione they be not for Ginny . they be for you . dress robea . ron dress robe ? for what ? professor mcgonagall ( suddenly appear ) the yule Ball . which , if you do not mind , I would like to speak to you about , Potter . ( c ns 2od4 ' SE gn se S ) a ( 00 ) : not 54 * ee 54 54a continued : ( 2 ) new angle - second later mcgonagall and Harry step into frame . harry the yule Ball , Professor ? professor mcgonagall it 's traditional during the triwizard tournament for the host school to put on a Christmas ball . it be also traditional for the three champion -- or in this case four -- to be the first to dance . Harry cock he head , as if he have water in s&s ) harry dance ? with a girl ? professor mcgonagall I leave that decision up to you , Potter . you way bring neville longbottom if you desire . but know this : the House of godric gryffindor have a reputation as long as it ig illustrious . it demand and receive the respect of the entire wizard world . no houae have produce more witch and wizard of consequence . you stand upon the shoulder of giant , Potter . shame yourself and you shame all who come before you , just then , a commotion be hear . turn , me! watch seamus pelt Dean Thomas with a custar mcgonagall 's face drop . int . dance CLASS - day the entire rank and file of godric gryffindor 's orent roster -- girl on one side , boy on the othe nid before a fierce mcgonagall . professor mcgonagall you have get to get a grip ! you behavior barely rise to the level of the common toadsteol ! I will not have it ! ( contih fe ) @n ll 54a the * bh eee ee eee % ee ee eet 54a continued : the student exchange nervous glance . professor mcgonagall now . to dance be to let the body ... ntake 2 deep breath ) .-. breathe . Inside every girl a secret swan slumber , long to buret free and take flight . Inside each boy a lordly lion , prepare to prance . ron something way be about to burst out of eloise midgen , but I do not think it 's a swan . professor mcgonagall Mr. weasley . row ( jump , yell ) yes ! professor mcgonagall would you join I , please . ron glance about in a panic , then slump forw : man head to the gallow . professor mcgonagall now then , if you will , put you leave hand on my waist ... ron where ? professor mcgonagall my waist . grudgingly , ron obey . ag Fred and George wh : raise hia right hand in a rude rejoinder when close she hand over he just in the nick of for , = 1 " wp with professor mcgonagall that 's right , extend you arm ... and , Mr. fileh , if you would ... = ( of filch drop the needle onto a old record pla musty waltz fill the courtyard . instantly , gy ? smile , bobbing he head , as if transport b : professor mcgonagall and one and two ... ( co} F 304292004 ) 5s | cd i ) | e all ic . 54a ee 54a 55 56 56a 56b na durmstrang boy approach a group of girl , continued : ( 2 ) harry never go to let he forget this , be you ? fred / GEORGE never . professor mcgonagall J ] everyone . come together ... the music swell as the girl and boy nervousil the divide and begin to pair off and a montage 1 5 '' 544 int . corridor - day ( another day ) cs ) 55 include cho. Harry and ron move warily down a corridor seem : inhabit only by group of girl -- one of one on they own to ask they ? ron blimey , Harry . you slay dragon . if you can not get a date , who can ? harry why do they have to travel in pack ? how're you suppose to get harry ron watch fleur pass by at the head of a one fe band of beauxbaton girl . I think I would take the dragon ' bout now ... just then , padma and pavarti pass by , smile ..- q C int . moody' classroom - day female hand pass a note under desk -- one set pingernails decorate with heart -- work with int . hill - day¥ Harry , ron and hermione study . krum pass . a gaggle of girl pass in pursuit . hermione rol ext . oxford new college - courtyard - day va 5 } e * * * * * 56 bt ... s6a * a yor ... 56b * out . she nod . Harry and ron look at each othe : amazement ... 56c 56d 56e 56 F 566 56h 56-1 oe ron and Harry enter , find neville dance by h' horribly . quickly , they step back , close the door and glace at one another ... — int . spiral stafrcase - day Cho stand read a spellbook . Harry swallow rervously , start forward , when a classroom door _sweng across he face and a group of ravenclaw ney away ... ext . stone bridge - day graceful as fawn , fleur and gabrielle lead a @raup_o beauxbaton girl , arm swinging in unison , dot walkway , pass the scarf between they . ron fote int . tower dormitory - night awe ... int . moody' classroom - da¥ female hand pass 's note under desk -- three ser fingernails decorate with heart -- work eas west ... int . tower dormitory - night sr Harry lie in bed , stare at the ceiling , turn e egg ever in he hand , when it pop open . we , watch ea : oy bolt up in bed , slap hand over { int . courtyard - day oo two huge body approach through the arch , come clear : hagrid and Madame maxime ... hagrid yy I , I get it from I mum 's side . how bou " you ? ST . madame maxime how ? I ‘ave big bone , that be sj a . int . dance classroom - day @n — neville dance alone ... 56c 56d 56eb 566 56h 56-1 tee ab 56 J 56k s6l 56 m s6n 56-0 2 ) ext . lake - day 56 ] Cho pass by , out of view . Harry appear , of bump into a older boy smoothly chat up a girl '' ath bang . as Harry stumble away in embarrasame : rly run into karkaroff . as both exit , moody appe : va int . moody' classroom - day 56k female hand pass a note under desk -- all sets_o fingernails decorate with heart -- work wes ast and end on the girl with bang . ext . stone bridge - day ( > ) 56l fleur and gabrielle lead a group of beauxbaton : i the other way down the walkway , arm swinging in p : t time , magically pass the scarf . ron watche glen ext . courtyard - day 56m snow begin to fall ... ext . tower - night 5 s6n neville flutter across the glass , dance out _of vittw as snow fall more heavily and ... tr montage end . int . great hall - morning C ) 56-0 Harry and ron sit together , gloomily surveying the soem . ron qo qo this be mad , at this rate we will be the only one in we year without date . well ... we and neville . harry then again , he can take himself , mo . Harry and ron grin . hermione look over disappreihgly . hermione Nice . but it might interest you two to know neville 's get someone . ron now I be really depressed . cope , '' 56-0 continued : Fred wink at Harry and ron , exit . ron turn , hermione . fred do not tell I you lot do not have date yet ? better hurry up or all the good one will be go . row who be you go with , then ? fred ummm ... ( look around ) oi! angelina ! want to come to the ball with I ? tiana all right , then . row qi , hermione ! you be a girl . come with one of we ? hermione glance up witheringly . row oh , come on . it 's one thing for a bloke to show up alone . for a girl it 's just sad . hermione I will not be go alone , because , believe it or not , someone ask I . and I say yes . with that , she snap shut she book , exit . row she 's lie . right ? harry if you say so . ron ( frown } look . we have just get to grit we tooth and do it . tonight , when we get back to the common room , we will both have partner . agreed ? Harry hesitates , then ... nod . a041 ] 5s fip4iniso429 56-0 ee ke fh a7 through 60 41 omitted ext . ground / owlery - day ( later ) far below we , Harry make he way toward the 0 which stand like a strand scarecrow in a se¥ suddenly a owl flutter forth and herry halt footstep sound and a figure descend the owle snowladen stair , flicker in and out of vie later , a girl appear . Cho . cho Harry . they stand awkwardly for a moment . Cho gesture around . cho beautiful , be not it ? harry US ) vf >t S ) a qi NI 57 through 60 61 yeah . splendid . he glance away , face hide from Cho , and echt mouth '' splendid '' in miserable mortification . cho well , watch yourself on the stair . a bit icy at the top . harry okay . thanks . ( as she smile , turn ) Cho ! he say this so forcefully , she nearly stumble yes ? cue harry I just wonder if , maybe , you ... ( in a burst ) . - wannagobaliwime ? pal qo cho sorry ... I do not catch that . {cont y 61 61a continued : [ lo ) 61 harry ( collect himself ) I wonder if you would like to ...to ... go to the Ball with I . vr cho rr oh. Harry . I be sorry . but | someone 's aiready ask I and I have say I will go . with he . harry oh . well , good . I mean ... okay . no problem . Harry look away , flex he finger within aga . Cho chew she lip , frown , then turn away . go , Harry exhales , shaking he head , when ... cho Harry ? he look up . see she stare he straight in co ) 5 92 ) cho eo really be . sorry . ( : S she turn then , and Harry watch she dash bac ! low : the distant castle , fill he footprint wit . we reverse , see she from on high , at a gre - gradually , the sky darken and , as Cho disapp : mid - run , we pull back ... int . common room - night ( hour later ) 61a sit with hermione by the fire , stare int flame while she study . nearby , a pair of girl cut piece of fold pink paper . as on . ... through the window of the common room , py oh . yeah . nearly there . ( continged ) Harry look over , see she hold up a string of men ... with no head . hermione - make any progress ? harry huh ? ss on th hermione ( ) the egg . c\ harry 61h '' at the lip . oe . hermione study he doubtfully , when suddenly 's through the portrait hole , stagger across the room , collapse into a chair . he look shell - shocke ; who 's accompany hin , fight hard to suppress harry what happen to you ? continued : 61a D a ginny he 's just ask out fleur delacour . hermione what ! harry what would she say ? hermione no , of course . ( a pleat of doubt ) she do say no ...? ron shake he head . hermione she say yes !?!? ron ( head in hand ) I do not know what get into I . there she be ... walk by ... you know how I like it when they walk ... and I could not help it ... it just sort of ... slip out . ginny actually , he sort of scream at she . it be a bit frightening . harry so what would you do then ? row what else ? I run for it . I be not cut out for this , Harry . 30429200474 [ > [ ld hermione well do not go ask eloise midgen . she 's take . faun || as hermione smile , one of the first year GI ! unfold a pair of female face -- mirror imag ed ce ( CO ) . 61a continued : ( 2 ) [ L ) 61a harry do not worry . I think I have get a idea ... vr 62 int . dormitory - hight ( day later ) 62 * ron stand grimly before a mirror in he lace d robe . he shake he head , mutter in disbelief : row bloody hell ... Harry step cut then . his robe , in contrast be simple , black and cowpletely unadorn . ron what be that ? harry my dress robe . ron well , this be all right ! ko lace ! no dodgy little collar ! harry I expect yours be more ... traditional . row traditional ! they be ancient ! I look like my great aunt tessie ! ( sniff ) smell like my great aunt tessie . ( to the mirror ) murder I , Harry . 63 int . bottom staircase / entrance hall - nicht 63 camera drop with the snowflakes fall from th ceiling , over the amartly - dress student file , the great Hall , to the sweeping staircase , wh and ron descend . ron ecan the crowd . ron poor kid . Bet she 's alone in she room , cry she eye out . harry who ? qa ap4nibo42920 63 continued : 63 ron hermione , of course . c'mon , Harry , why do you think she would not tell we who she 's come with ? harry because we would take the mickey out of she ? ron no one ask she . would have take she myself if she be not so bloody proud . Harry raise a eyebrow appraisingly , when : parvati hello , boy . parvati and padma , doubly delightful in shockin nen and bright turquoise respectively , wait below . parvati do not you look ... dash . ( C . parvati 's eye rake over ron 's robe as she to ! hi 's arm . padma stare in open horror . just then , all appear , look a bit flustered . — professor mcgonagall there you be , Potter . you and miss patil will wait here and cc ) enter with the other champion . weasley ... she faicer , goggle at ron 's robe , then co herself . professor mcgonagall +.» you and miss patil may proceed inside , to the great Hall . Za ron c'mon then . as ron drag padma off , she look back aooneceb srp hee sister . parvati just shake she head . parvati qo ) we have a cousin who dress like that . 2 qowo41 SE 63 64 op continued : ( 2 ) 63 just then , a gust of wind stir the air and thi durmstrang and beauxbaton atudent file ineide . as fleur delacour appear , she silk wrap fly free , £ 1 like a dove into the air , lead Harry 's eye 7 > who arrive hand in hand with cedric diggory . parvati omigod . she look ... ( in disbelief ) . beautiful . Harry nod glumly , stare at Cho , then realizé be look not at Cho , but at a gibl in periwi : Hair twisted in a graceful knot , swan 's neck 's be nothing short of breathtaking . she be ... hermione . take krum 's arm , she give Harry a little ol NY ke it be on a string , Harry 's own hand rise , waves_b : . string rise on the air and ... int . great hall 64 .+.« a path of light spill from the entrance h 's revealing a darken Hall glimmer with ICI : mistletoe . the house table have vanish , re| dozen of smaller one , each glow with lant ! it around a central dance floor . flitwick conduct @ ing quartet . as the champion enter , applause rise . fleur phe way , on the ar of a stunne - look ravenclaw boy — {k davie ) , while Harry and parvati enter last , pary wave like a beauty queen . Harry scan the fe ron and find he , stare open-mouthed at hermione a! pass with krum . jt padma be that hermione Granger ? with viktor krum ? a ron ju no. absolutely not . as the champion reach the dance floor , piitwic nobeon freeze in mid-air -- bring the Hall to a hi > parvati qo '' se take my waist . 64 es . continued : [ L ) harry huh ? oh ... right . Harry par he hand on parvati 's waist , take hey mene , when ... flitwick 's baton drop and a waltz begi parvati go. now ! SI more out of fear than anything else , Harry take then another . the music swell . fleur sweep rigid as a queen . wext be Cho , dark eye glimmn they briefly meet Harry 's own . finally , hermio. adrift in krum 's strong arm -- shoot Harry a greey excited grin . dumbledore lead mcgonagall from the tall tabi '' paith a short bew , sweep she onto the floor , where not formally , beautifully . quickly , the remainder staff pair off and join they . even Madame maxi to hagrid and he horrible suit , though she cag eye askance while in he arm . only moody reg the sideline , eye whirling madly in time to '' finally , the student converge , lead by neville glide like astaire , much to the astonishment no date -- Ginny weasley . lose in the crush , har : feel less self - conscious about he own clumsy foot actually manage to smile . the camera rise ..|. it all in ... rising higher and higher until we ... focus ... onto a trio of gleaming icicle ... dripp now that it 's -- same scene - hour later a hand ( Fred 's ) reach into frame , snap off icicle and a jagged razor burn of guitar , co the weird sister , shatter the calm as we spira puro the dance floor cum mosh pit now hopping odie ... Fred slip the icicle down the back of tiana ' she squeal , darting after he , lead we to and krum . hermione yell above the din : hermione sj her -- my-oh - nee ! krum herm ...own , ..ninny ...? 0 she start to correct he , then shrug . ( continged ) ehh e * ee 64 or ) continued : ( 2 ) [ '' ) 64 hermione Close enough . Harry and ron sit watch grimly from the oidey prey while padma and parvati sit on opposite side of nthen , arm cross in aggravation . ron eye krum je ron ruddy pumpkinhead , be not he ? Harry 's eye shift from Cho and cedric 's gyrati figure . harry well , I do not think it be the book that have he go to the library . a handsome durmstrang boy approach parvati , ready to put a gun to she head . durmstrang boy May I haff you arm ? parvati Arm . leg. I be yours . vioos4 4s parvati exit , hermione drop into she vacan he flush from dance . hermione whew ! hot , be not it ? viktor 's go to get drink . Care to join we ? ron no we would not care to join you and ... viktor . hermione what 's get you wand in a knot ? row he 's from durmstrang ! you be fraternize with the enemy ! hermione the enemy ? who be it want he autograph ? besides , the whole point of the tournament be qo International magical cooperation . to make friend . pan bo42 cc n the e 64 65 C continued : ( 3 ) ron I think he 's get a bit more than friendship on he mind . \-— hermione what be you suggest ? ron S ] it 's obvious , be not it ? it 's Harry he 's truly interested in . harry Excuse I ? = ( to hermione ) he 's use you . to get inside information . maybe even jinx Harry . hermione , render speechless by ron , exit . hérry . merely stare incredulously at he . padma sul ) <.) padma be you go to ask I to dance or not ? ron wo. sr just then , neville glide by with Ginny and we -~ cut , ext . courtyard - night ( later ) Harry drift into the courtyard , alone , bedevil q gd e distant blare of the music of the great Hall . another kind of torture greet he as amorous tremble behind the steamy window of carriage : ss. drip from foreign tongue . a girl giggle . snape ( 0.s. ) I tell you before , igor . I see no reason to discuss it . lumos ! zs be Harry freeze , watch snape and karkareff come I view . snape spray the backseat of the carria th wand light . ay snape ten point from hufflepuff , pawcett ! and the same for ravenclaw , stebbin ! ccousshbany 65 eee 65 66 ( op ) continued : 65 a girl and boy flee . as snape and karkaroff wi Harry slip behind a stowe gargoyle , listen . karkarofpf \-- it 's a sign , severus ! you can not pretend this be not happen ! snape I do not have to pretend , igor . can you say the same ? karkaroff say nothing , stare lethally at sn nm Harry draw back into the shadow , watch hi# then notice a glint of blue light on the far & courtyard , moody , eye shimmer in its socket , have be too , hermione ( 0.s. ) that 's what you think , 1s it ! int . entrance hall / great hall - night ( later ) ron and hermione stand just inside the empty h : . flushed in anger . ron that 's what I think ! hermione well , you know the solution , do not you ? for ron go on ! hermione mext time pluck up the courage and ask I yourself before someone else do ! ron start to reply , stop dead in he track , sputter : ron well , that 's ... I mean ... that 's completely off the point ... hermione turn then , see ... Harry . ( C ee 66 67 68 69 continued : lo ) 66 hermione [ mod where have you be ? '' Harry just stare . much of hermione 's hair have ) gucape , * waking she look a bit mad ... and lopsided . * —_ Li hermiowe never mind . off to bed , both of you . row ( as they go ) they get scary as they get older . hermione I hear that ! as Harry and ron increase they pace , ssentana ( tenet * she miserable heel , hitches up she wrinkle d' 8 hobble off , a11 lunatic hair and weary shoulde' leave the Hall to Ginny , neville , hagrid and maxig who dance on and on as the clock strike midnight . ) ext . hogwart castle - clocktower - night igni 67 +». and the camera rise to the toll of the B ! > leave the pendulum behind , drifting higher and higher into the falling snow as the bell grow hollo ghostly and we -- monn ) 68 int . tower dormitory - night ( hour later ) .-» the dormitory ceiling , undulate with reffl snow , drifting down the wall to Harry , sleepi camera move in on he twitching eyelid , the toll and we ... ext . sky ( little hangleton ) - night 69 ... pull back from the eye of a raven , soar snowy night sky . in the distance a hill appeah toss in a gentle breeze . there be a gardener cottage and , further up , a derelict manor . the rave * soar toward the manor , glide through ... '' + + a dark window on the second story ... down R passageway ... into a room of shadow ... towards e ba of a chair ... circle slowly ... * 69 70 71 72 through 74 75 continued : voldemort ( v.0 . ) you must begin to make preparation , wormtail . nagini will need milk . the journey will not be easy ... a filthy cloth bundle come into view . somet twitches within . we glide closer and closer . not quite human . blink ... qumitted int . tower dormitory - night Harry wake with a gasp . neville all right , Harry ? neville , in he dress robea , looma into view , be y} face eerily reflect the snow fall beyond\thé window . neville I just get in . 2 neville grin , then turn away , humming as he # ty step to he bed . Harry touch he scar and '' the window , at the snow pile up against the glag . i omitted ext . wooden bridge - day Harry and hermione walk . hermione marry ! you tell I you would riddled that egg out week ago ! the task be two day from now ! ainibo harry ( sarcastically ) really ! I have no ' dea ! 5 people be look they way . Harry lower hik vo '' hi 2qoo#hisy to o~ 69 70 71 72 through 74 75 ee ee eke eee 75 continued : 75 harry I suppose viktor 's figure it out . hermione vr I would not know . we do not talk about the tournament . actually , we do not really talk at all . sj viktor 's more of a physical be . I mean , he 's not particularly loquacious . mostly he watch I study , bit annoying actually . hermione glance at Harry , study he , as if seb some troubling notion . hermione Harry . you be try to riddle out the egg , be not you ? harry what 's that suppose to mean ? hermione I just mean , this task -- they be design to test you , Harry , in the most brutal way ... they be almost cruel and , well , I be ... scared for you , Harry . you get by the dragon mostly on nerve . I be not sure that 's go to be enough this time . there be a awkward silence . then ... cedric diggory hey , Potter ! Harry turm , see cedric separate from Cho , b over . hermione give Harry one last look , go cedric diggory how be you ? harry spectacular . cedric diggory look , Potter ... I realize I never really thank you properly for tipping I off about that dragon . paniboa2920 ( CO ) rb ‘ot srr eee or * + 75 76 77 forget it . I be sure you would have do the same ~- cedric diggory exactly . ( take he arm ) you know the prefect ' bathroom on the fifth floor ? it 's not a bad place for 's bath . Harry look at he oddly , but cedric just nods} ave he arm and dash back to Cho . ( o}y ) continued : ( 2 ) samnt ( lo ) 75 vr yp int . fifth -floor corridor - night 76 empty . Silent . then ... Harry appear , wrappe dressing - gown and slipper , clutching he egg . e ~ flop he way down the corridor , descend a sma se 's of step ... when one give underneath he . he ea the egg , just manage to evade the trick step for kd ) continue on , mew angle - night ( moment later ) a door slide open and Harry ... int . prefect 's bathroom - night +.» slip inside a room of gleam white marb ) he lie a sunken pool , fitte with a hundred tap . above it be a painting of a mermaid , asleep — ufon a rock , long hair flutter gently in a soft br ; Harry kneel by the pool and see that each tap different - color jewel . he give one a twis emerald water spew forth ... D2 new angle - moment later Harry slip into the brilliantly colored wat ! be eye himself in the mirror opposite . harry ss I must be out of wy mind . frown , Harry take he egg , sigh , and ope a ) oa horrible screeching wail echoe painfully off it . quickly , Harry snap shut the egg . ( c eee * ee 77 _ otherworldly voice sing a siren 's song : oe . continued : 77 moaning myrtle I would try put it in the water , if I be you . vine Harry wheel , find a ghost sit cross -legge atop one of the toilet bowl : moaning myrtle . harry ~ myrtle ! moaning myrtle hel - jo , Harry . Long time ... no see . as myrtle 's eye drift downward , Harry slip ( ) further under the sud . myrtle smile naughti spifal lazity into the air . moaning myrtle cq I be circle a block drain the other day and could swear I see a bit of polyjuice potion , wot be a bad boy again , be you , Harry ? harry sworn off the stuff . do you say try put it in the water ? moaning myrtle = well , that 's what he do . the other boy , the handsome one ... cedric . cy Harry take the egg and lower it beneath the suds7 moaning myrtle well , go on . open it . he do . then ... a distant song gurgle to the surface . harry < I can not make it out . c moaning myrtle marry ( roll she eye ) well , put you head in , silly ! sy new angle - underwater ( a ) . Harry 's face plunge into view and a chorus of eerie , | ( commih fe ) ee eee eee * e + > 77 continued : ( 2 ) siren song come seek we where we voice sound we can not sing above the ground a hour long you will have to look to recover what we take ... 18g tee eee Harry turn , see that myrtle have join he un eying he appreciatively . he frown and ... '' 4 wew angle --» break the surface of the water , follow for harry come seek we where we volce sound we can not sing above the ground ... Harry frown , then he eye shift to the paint mermaid . Hair adrift ... harry myrtle ... there be not merpeople in the Black Lake , be there ? moaning myrtle ooooh . very good ! it take cedric age to riddle it out . almost all the bubbles be go ... h2qzoo # aa myrtle 's eye drift downward , Harry quick ] little strategic sud arrange . harry it do not get it . ' a hour jong you will have to look . 's por what ? mermaids ? and how be I suppose to breathe underwater for a hour ? moaning myrtle ( insulted ) well , do not ask I ! I can not breathe ! I have not be able to breathe for fifty year ! of ali the horrible , savage thing to gay ... the plumbing gurgle and myrtle shoot off in ( ( oa ) Z sp fl eh ce ee -* ee ee cette fh eh * * 78 oy . int . library - night ( very late ) a ghost drift from lamp the lamp , blow they ' 78 camera glide eerily past empty aisle -- as if someone '' a hoving Pov -- find Harry , ron and hermione si table pile high with spellbooks and the gold ! hermione the egg be sing to you , Harry . mersong . I be sure of it . now tell I again what you hear . harry come seek we where we voice gound ...« hermione that 's the Black Lake . obvious . harry a hour long you will have to jook ... herhione again . obvious . though , admittedly , potentially problematic . harry potentially problematic ? I do not know about you , hermione , but last time I check I could not hold my breath for a hour ! ron I have a uncle who could stick he head in a pickle jar . ear and all . Harry and hermione turn , see ron toy with t look up , wither . ron right . not helpful . hermione look , Harry . we can do this . the three of we can figure it out . we have just get to keep look -- just then , a scarree hand reach across hermi : snetchesa the egg from ron. moody . he hold '' oi the light . ( co ) a boa292004 % of ° e % '' 78 continued : madeye moody my father give I something like this when I be a child . play music , beautiful thing ... moody look transfix , then ... blink , tongue , the corner of he mouth as he take he flask . madeye moody hate to break up the skull session , but Professor mcgonagall 's ask to see you in she office . 041 5g hermione now , Professor ? madeye moody straight away . ( as all rise } wot you , Potter . just weasley and Granger . Harry frown , watch they go . moody glance madeye moody perhaps you could help Potter put back he book , longbottom . moody exit . Harry turn , find ... neville ( 0.s. ) you know , if you really like plant , you would be better off with cawshawk 's guide to herbology . or this one . tf tell you how mandrakee be first bré - 42920 [ ) harry 0 {not in the mood ) thanks , neville , but -- neville or you like fly , do not you ! do you know there 's a wizard in Nepal grow gravity - resistant tree ? the implication for racing broom be absolutely ama-ze -- neville ! I do not care about mandrake ! I do not care about @ravity - resistant tree ! I do not care about plant perfod unless there 's a tibetan turnip that will allow I to breathe undexwater for a hour ! gkay ! ( c pan 78 79 794 80 continued : ( 2 ) Harry drop down in he chair , put he palm eye . neville Harry ? harry what ? neville I do not know about a turnip . but you could always use gillyweed . slowly , Harry drop he hand from he eye . CD ext . black lake / hogwart castle - morning student stream down a hiil to the Black imse ( ga | shall boat wait to ferry they to viewing to ! = o04 5 '' ext . black lare - lake shore - morning Fred and George work the " flow " like pro . fred step up , mate ! do not be shy . 30429 GEORGE Three lad ... fred ome lady ... GEORGE four go down ... q 0 fred but do four come up ? ( as Ginny pop he ) ow ! ext . viewing tower - day the champion wait . fleur look imperious , et to the beauzbaton girl that buzz about she . karkar whisper to the impassive krum . cedric roil @ neck and stretch . Harry , towel drape over he ' ia agt a dubious eye at the slimy GREEN coil of leavy undulating in he palm . i\ ( cc 78 79 * * * 7t9a * 80 80 continued : harry you be sure about this , neville ? neville absolutely . harry if I eat this , I will be able to breathe underwater ? neville absolutely . harry for a hour . neville most likely . harry most likely ? neville well , there be some debate among herbologist as to the effect of fresh water versus saltwater -- dumbledore you attention please ! welcome to the second Task . last night , unbeknownst to we champion , something they value exceptionally be take from they . that something now lie at the bottom of the Black Lake . they mission this morning be to retrieve it . champion , you may begin . 429200411 5s blam ! filch fire the cannon . dumbiedore sha head . dumbledore ao. tow , the crowd roar and the champion sprint into water . chill bump pebble Harry 's skin as he gillyweed into he mouth . he chew furiously . ow . 4nd ... clap he hand to he throat . dean thomas what 's happen to he ? dg seamus he can not breathe ... ( c fl of of 8 c 81 oe . continued : ( 2 ) ( lo ) 80 neville omigod . I have kill he . I have kill Harry Potter ... sie vein erupt in Harry 's temple . blood vessel ke through the white of he eye . his finger a he throat . someone scream . Harry have gill sq Harry knife into the water , hand mutate , = ghostly green , webbed . he kick deeper , foot ( > ) ehing like flipper . ext . underwater 81 he glance to he leave . several yard away , ( = ) a body shimmer . abruptly , krum 's face turn a grins . or so it seem . the grin spread hideously , krum 's tooth lengt| y jinto razor sharp spike , he head mutate into the angle of a ... shark . quickly , Harry kick dee new angle - later ol Harry glide through shimmering shaft of lumi 3 pass from shadow into light , back into shado new angle - later a veil of SMALL fish scatter like dart as Harry ostxéak into view , then vanish , take the light with new angle - later Harry drift deeper and deeper , bubbles trailibg gill . Dark velvet grasses twitch in the curren caress he skin . the water grow darker .. . , a curious silver light flicker and a creature -~- graceful and swift -- plashes into view . har : . transfix , then kick after the slithering cré its radiance blind . slowly , it take shape : it 's the mermaid from the painting in the preshery ) bathroom . ( continued ) , jo 81 ow . continued : al she gaze briefly back -- long golden tresses like smoke across hex eye -- then flit away . Harry kick harder , close the distance between they she ... ... disappear . Harry slow , glance about . airbund , black weed undulate eerily . he drift , then ae} weed ... come apart . not weed . Water demon ( grindyl ' fang bare , they swarm . Harry reach for th lash to he ankle , but he webbed finger fumble - it . the wand tumble in a roiling cloud of bubbles grindylow reach for it , when ... Harry snatche harry incendio ! a jet of fiery red bubble rocket from the tip-ef_t . wand and atrike the grindylow dead in the ches aying a scarlet welt . howling in a gargle rage , it{ uorkhorpw away . wheeling , Harry fire blindly at the approachi the nearest pair peel off in opposite directio ! avoid the blast , and the one behind take i let the eye . as it float away , cross -ey and confusr Harry wheel again and again , send jolt afte fiery red bubble at the attack grindylow . again and again , they corkscrew away , daze and defeat finally ... none remain . Harry study the rippling current , — stre he 's vanquish they all , when ... one more gripdy emerge from the shadow . then another . and p of and more still ... until Harry find himself surrowy wand poise , Harry wait warily , the water de menacingly . then , as one , the grindylow raisi fist , shake they angrily and ... dart up and away < watch they vanish like ink above he , then .. the curious silver light flicker across he e turn , find the mermaid drift dreamily . to off , Harry dart after , and the sirem' song be siren song a hour long you will have to look oq ) to recover what we take you time 's half - go , so terry not lest what you seek stay here ... 81 continued : ( 2 ) iq ) 81 Harry follow the mermaid into a clear ... . siren song «-» to rot . lashed to a craggy rock , four people drift eer as close , bubbles trail like pearl from thel ! beer he : gabrielle delacour . Cho chang. hermione . ron . Harry swim forward , tug at the ropey vine th they . they be strong , thick . Harry glance @the ) mermaid , but she unblink eye regard hia aeo ) through she veil of hair . decide , Harry take B '' ( > ) harry incendio ! a fireball jet forth . as the bubble clear , appear blacken , but a red welt glow angrily - belo ron 's elbow , where the fireball hit . slip ii wand into the back of he waistband , he glance abo spy ... .. a jagged rock . snatch it up , he return ; > hack at the vine . in three quick blows , ro n'§ ( bo! float free . Harry move to hermione , but as he poise the be mermaid swoops between and shake she head . harry get out of the way ! the mermaid merely shake she head . harry no ! she 's my friend too ! just then , the hair tumble from the mermaid 's id mze yet snarling mouth be reveal . as Harry ack ... .. cedric swim out of the shadow , he face oddly in the translucent membrane quivering ee around he head . slip a knife from he waistband pes Cho with a flick of the blade , then glance at ha and tap he wrist -- time 's run out . as he starta—up ... ... krup appear , he blunt feature twisted face of a shark . as he monstrous craw open , glitter dangerously over the vine bind h Harry rush forward and ... ( cont ] ) continued : ( 3 ) ne ) 81 .+. strike he directly on the snout . as erw bulge angrily , Harry hack hermione free , set she adrift . krum glance at he curiously , then '' tae Harry grab ron by the collar , start to swim up , then look back . gabrielle remain , drift dream frowns . the deep sly on he neck be closin raise a hand . the webs span hia finger a?e thinning . lower he hand , he find ... the merma regard he coolly . Harry let ron float from he grasp , drop he ' h behind he back and bring he wand slashing foyward - i ( S ) 4ncendio ! a jet of FIRE rocket toward the mermaid and toward gabrielle , scoops up the rock and , with ! 3. blow , frees she . the mermaid shriek horribly zee Harry loop one arm under gabrielle , the other ( nder ron , and start up . wew angle - moment later Harry strain mightily , the gill on he neck rl : go , he foot no longer like flipper ... sp wew angle - moment later the skin between Harry 's finger vanish . bn he neck grow smooth . his face contort with be he grope toward the light shimmer above and ... ext . black lake ( ac ) 82 +. break the surface , gulp for air . ron spe mouthful of black water , grimace . gabrielle fleur gabrielle ! be you ‘urt , bay~bee ? fleur , even more fetching in anguish , pull he from the water , embrace she . as Harry pulis up , fleur place she hand on he face and risses hin both cheek . as he pull away , Harry notice Cho with : fring . revel far you save ’er . even though she be not yours to save . ( cont ] ) 82 oe . continued : harb : it be nothing , really ... fleur and you . you ‘elped . ron well , yeah ... a bit . fleur swoops . hand . face. kiss. kiss . then gather gabrielle , she glide away . ron bli ! ks , ) exhales softly : ron merci ... oo41 as Harry snatch up a towel , neville pelt of fling he arm around he . + neville gn ] you be alive ! you be alive ! harry get off , neville ! oe Harry continue on , notice che eying he . sol herwione . hermione how come you do not ask she to the Ball ? ( before he can clarify ) personally I think you behave admirably . harry I finish last , hermione . q 0 ) hermione next to last . fleur never get past ‘ze grindylow . ' dumbledore you attention , please ! you winner be Mr. diggory , who show innate command of the bubble -head charm . however , see as Mr. S ] Potter would have finish first if not for he determination to rescue not only Mr. weasley but ( a ) . the other as well , we have agree to award he second place . for outstanding moral fiber ! ( col 4 82 82 83 ( on continued : ( 2 ) KS ) 82 rarkaroff spit , stalk away , take krum with ! row Moral fiber . blimey , Harry . even vr when you g0 wrong it turn out right . S be ~ int . lake shore - day ( minute later ) as Harry 's boat glidea into the spongy bank , disembark , begin to move off when : barty crouch congratulation , Potter . harry ( a bit startle ) Mr , crouch ... barty crouch I be sorry we have not speak . after all , you story be one I hear so many time . quite remarkable , really . tragic , of course ... to lose one 's family ... never whole again , be we ... still , life go on ... and here we stand ... I be sure you parent would be very proud of you today , Potter . any parent would . very proud indeed ... madeye moody bartemious ! not try to lure Potter into one of the Ministry 's summer internships , be you ? last cq 0 boy who go into the Department of Mystery never come out . crouch turn , eye search moody 's leathere intensely . moody 's smile wither , tongue probin ; corner of he mouth uncertainly . then , somet fear glitter in crouch 's eye and he move of . madeye moody and they say I '' mad . = abruptly , moody turn to Harry , he voice like ( ci oh a3 * ee ee sethe the the * E ehh eee * 83 continued : [ ) 83 madeye moody you be a damn fool today , Potter ! if you want to play hero , I can find you plenty of playmate among the first year ! otherwise , I suggest you grow up and grow up fast ! you nve get worse than mermaid ahead of you ! moody whip he flask from he pocket and exit ing Harry stand stunne . 83a ext . wood above hagrid be hut - dusk s3a i0 ) c + we be high up . the crowd be nowhere to be seen_no 9 mar * faraway shout still sound , along with sloppy the hogwart 's anthem . in the distance , the wi , hagrid 's Hut reflect the wane sun as herwiont neville trail hagrid himself through the tree . a walk alone , some distance ahead . hagrid I remember when I fir 's meet yeh all . bigge ' bunch o' misfit I e'er see . I suppose yeh remind I o' I a bit . wow look at we all , four year on . ron we be still a bunch of misfit . hagrid sure . but we get each other , don 's we ? and we get Harry ! ( call ahead ) soon to be the youngest triwizard Champion there 's e'er be ! wew angle - harry he smile softly at the sound of he friend 's voice and the gentle evening breeze , then ... grab he scar . through the tree ahead , the sky shimmer like bico . drop he gaze , something dark lie in the brush . the trunk tree . or a pile of wood . or ... the body of a Harry stand freeze , unmove , the wind gently ; ee ©) qv sr '' ) o00 é bsling he hair . a distant peal of laughter -- ron' ! a3 to he from somewhere far behind . 's the man be barty crouch . a * eee fr ere re +e eee e * 838 b4 through 86 87 or int . common room - night Beyond the window , deep in the distance , a gro ! teachers ~- eerily illuminate by the torch hagrid clutches -- stand in a dark circle at the site ; crouch 's body . slowly , camera pull back , 's watch . he glance to the fireplace , the gutter flame reminiscent of the night sirius appear , then ack to the window , absently reach up and trail finger over hie scar . hermione it 's hurt agein , be not it ? his eye shift , see hermione 's face reflect kk the ) glass . hermione you know what you have to do . omitted ext . corridor / dumbledore's office - day Harry approach dumbledore 's office , hear vi within . dumbledore ( 0.s. ) if you take the necessary measure , cornelius , we may still be able to save the situation . fudge ( 0.s. ) cancel the triwizard tournament ! you can not be serious , albus ! it would be a international incident . and as Minister of Magic , I must say , the last thing we need be -- dumbledore ( 0.8 . ) I admit it would take courage . but courage be what be need now . madeye hoody ( 0.58 . ) Excuse I , gentleman , but it might interest you to know this conversation be no longer private . ( c S ) S a od ql ep '' a ) Za ss ( al a 84 through be 87 eh ee eee * * ae tooth eee eee hee 87 oey . continued : 8 the door swing aside , revealing dumbledore , moody , magical eye bristle . fudge put on he best face . — fudge Harry ! how good to see you again ! harry sj I can come back , sir -~ dumbledore not necessary , Harry . the Minister and I be ... do . i° 11 only be a moment . oh . feel free to indulge in a licorice snap in my absence . but I warn you . they be quite fresh . as dumbledore lead the other out , moody glan at Harry , then the door close . as the clunk of dy wooden leg grow faint , Harry glance idly at '' headmaster & mistress snoozing in they frapé , ) nod to the phoenix watch he blankly from room . hello , fawk . how be you ? fawk remain mute . Harry eye the bowl of 5 ) reach out and -- chit - chit - chit ! -- watchea in or as the candy swarm he hand , tiny black tooth nip he knuckle . harry Son of a -- Harry leap back , bump hard into a ebony pra flick the last few tenacious snap to the fl they scurry under the furniture ... '' a silvery light dance upon Harry 's forehea turn , Harry watch the cabinet glide slooa ' he lift he hand , let the light play on h fingertip as step to the cabinet and peer diecover .. «.» the stone basin . Harry stare at the ero sr substance whirling within , begin to reach out , t' opt to pass he wand over the bowl instead . the 1 / 1 tremble . as Harry lean down for a closer 1 ey : co 7 87 88 continued : ( 2 ) ( : ) 87 .+. the ripple go still and , far beyond the si ' ad enormous chamber come into focus , where bench rise in steep tier and dozen of witch and wizard pi g a single empty chair . Harry lean closer and .- «.. the tip of he nose break the surface . the wall of dumbledore 's office dissolve like sm ecael Harry pitch forward into the churn whirlpo y create , landing ... int . trial chamber / pensieve - day es bbo «+ '' heavily onto one of the tiere bench . uh , not sef up . there be no ceiling , only a tremble memb light . Harry turn to the wizard next to he : dumbledore . harry Professor ! dumbledore stare placidly ahead . Harry passep before he face . wothing . across the eerily & sharp nail . suddenly a huge clanging fill the chamber and\anq iron * cage rise through the floor . a man stand blinkin * within . thin. feral . it be ... karkaroff . lene * be go . * barty crouch rise then , but this crouch radia}és_ power . quill in hand , he step to a podium and , maki astabipn in red ink on a piece of parchment , speak wit . ute command , clearly have do it dozen of time previously : barty crouch qo ( 1 igor karkaroff . you have be bring from azkaban at you own request to present evidence to this council . should you testimony prove consequential , the council gay move to reduce you * sentence or commute it entirely . until such time , you remain in the eye of the Ministry a convict death eater . do you accept this term ? karraroff I do , sir . cc apan C 88 continued : barty crouch what do you wish to present ? karkaroff i- I have ... name , sir . karkaroff squirm , twitching , eying the other suddenly hesitant . crouch continue to scribbl barty crouch Council will not compel the witnese to testify against he will -- karkaroff antonin dolohov ! baarty crouch we have apprehend dolohov . karkaroff rosier . Evan rosier -- barty crouch rosier die two week ago . 2 qzoo4 DS madeye moody and take a bit of I with hin . Harry turn , discover moody sit on the to dumbledore . his nase be raw from recent injury . karkaroff s-s-s ... severus snape . dumbledore ( rise instantly ) as the council be fully aware , I have give evidence on this matter . severus snape be indeed a death eater but prior to Lord voldemort 's downfall turn spy for we at great personal risk . today , he be no more a death eater than I as . karkaroff it 's a lie ! severus snape remain faithful to the Dark Lord ! barty crouch silence ! have the witness any other name ? ( co ) hpan bo of mm continued : ( 2 ) 88 5g karkaroff lower he head in defeat , then , s1 raccoon eye rise , fix on the scribbling crouch . karkaropf just one . barty crouch Council hope it be a name not already familiar to it . karkaroff but I be afraid it be . I be afraid it 's a name the council be intimately familiar with ... rita skeeter 's emery board cease its seesaw . sr rise , 7 I know for a ee person take \) zi part in the capture and -- by mean of the cruciatus curse -- torture of the avror prank longbottom and hia wife ... a murmur ripple through the chamber . madeye moody what 's this worm play at ? barty crouch the name , Mr. karkaroff . karkarofp barty crouch . junior . a maelstrom of outrage consume the chamber . skeeter 's lip curl gleefully . crouch 'a quil to a halt , bleed into the skin of the parchmeh «+ '' a second cage rocket through the floor , with it a skinny , straw - haire young man ( barty jr.>} . he leer up at the podium , tongue prob corner of he mouth as malice dance in he d barty JR . hello , Father . as the chamber explode once more , Harry lean aquint at the young man , so strangely fami bf showly the chamber grow silent , all eye on th lue rrouch . ( C * % he eo a continued : ( 3 ) barty crouch you be no son of mine ... I have no son . once again , chaos ensue , then : second dumbledore ( 0.5 come , Harry . I think it 's time you return to my office ... a ) do Harry wheel : a '' second '' dumbledore sit to second dumbledore come ... > the '' second '' dumbledore extend he hand . as ?r trance , Harry comply . as they finger touch ; wall of the chamber turn to smoke , as do t : upon which Harry sit . he fall backwards , t int . dumbledore's office - day «+. onto he foot . dumbledore stand there . dumbledore curiosity be not a sin , Harry . but we should exercise caution with it . ( as Harry eye the bowl ) it 's a pensieve -- a useful thing to have if , like I , you find you mind a wee bit cluttere . oa2o # dumbledore set he wand to he temple and extyae glistening thread , deposit into the pensieve . ) harry you mean , that stuff n's you thought ? that 's ... wow. ( look away ) Sir , Mr. crouch 's son -~ ( 2 , dumbledore have a talent for tragedy . much ike he father . you see , both feel fundamentally that they possess the answer for the ill of this world . so they stop ask question . that be , I believe , a mistake we would all do well to avoid . ipain | eee eh ( CO ) 3 of of + * 89 continued : harry I suppose Mr. karkaroff 's testimony get he release . dumbledore I suppose you be right . do he trouble you , Harry ? karkaroff . harry a bit . dumbledore re 's a troubling man . harry why do you want to cancel the triwigard tournament , sir ? dumbledore study Harry , as if debate somet : dumbledore you be in damger , Harry . and , for the first time , I be not sure where it 's come from . initially , I think it best to let thing play out . but with Mr. crouch 's death ... ( a beat ) you scar be hurring , be not it ? that 's why you have come to see I . and the dream , they have return . ( off Harry 's surprise ) you be not sirius 's only correspondent . harry they have return . dumbledore nod , consider the swirl pensi dumbledore it may be , Harry , that this be not really dream at all . the scar on you forehead be , after all , no ordinary mark . ' you and voldemort be connect . by a curse that fail . harry you mean , what I see be acrualiy happen ? dumbledore pause , wrinkle eye peer into slowly be extract a thread , pitch it in - ( ci o41 SE 429 o00 Ze SF o pas 89 tee * he he peete re eh ** 89 90 continued : ( 2 ) I think we have talk enough for the time be , Harry . vr harry but I need to know ! what be it I be see when I dream ? be it voldemort ? and who put my name in the Cup ? and why ? and if you can not protect I , who can ? ( = ) dumbledore say nothing for a moment , face swi . g in the reflect light of the pensieve , then turn dumbledore ( ) I be afraid there be no more easy answer , Harry . Harry simply stare , mute , then turn to exit . harry Sir . while I be ... ( gesture to the pensieve ) ga ] there be mention of a auror name Frank longbottom . and he wife . be they talk about neville 's parent , sir ? be they ... dead ? dumbledore they be ... beyond help . ( beat ) it be for neville to decide when he feel ready to share this part of he life with other . understood ? q fal int . portrait corridor - day ( moment later ) Harry walk , consume with he own thought , whe : hear voice , see twin silhouettes glimmeri end of the corridor : snape and karkaroff . karka : to karkaroff drop he sleeve and exit . Harry 's turn away , when ... snape ( ) Potter ! what 's you hurry ? Harry stop , watch snape stride forth . cog arm be extend , sleeve push past he elbow . reach for snape 's arm , they see Harry . inst ' ° ua ) '' dumbledore 90 + +e oe can be eee * 90 continued : snape congratulation . you performance in the Black Lake be inspiring . gillyweed , be I correct ? harry yes , sir . shape ingenious . a rather rare herb , gillyweed . not something find in you everyday garden . wor be this . snape hold up a tiny crystal vial . with that , courtyard reflection . .. snape know what it be ? harry bubble juice , sir ? snape . veritaserum . Three drop and you - know - who himself would spill he darkest secret . the use of it on a student be -- regrettably -- forbidden . however , should you ever steal from my personal store again , my hand might just sifp ..- ( tipping the bottle ) + ++ over you morning pumpkin juice . harry I have not steal anything . snape do not . lie , to. me. gillyweed may be innocuous . but boomslang | skin , lacewing fly -- I have a idea what you and you friend be brewing . snape turn on he heel and exit . beyond the window , karkaroff appear , crossing below . camera rack focus on Harry 's ron ( 0.8 . ) what d' you suppose it be ? on karkaroff 's arn ? hpa ( omb , niso4 29200415 g hen , 90 + + eee Fe +* ee 91 92 93 94 ext . wooden bridge ren and hermione stand on one side of the brid ; Harry stand on the other . harry dunno . hermione ( frown in think ) boomslang skin and lacewing fly ? loh _at | you be sure that be the two a S ingredient snape mention ? harry positive . why ? hermione well , he think we be brewing polyjuice potion , do not he ? Harry look into the distance , see neville , ssl in a herbology book , walk across the grounds harry I do not care what snape think . I have get bigger problem than detention . ( look off again ) something 's come . drawing closer . I just do not know what it be ... ext . owlery - day 92 int . owlery - day 33 as the wind whistle through the creaking cro : Harry finish comb hedwig and set she in b slot . he consider the trio of blood drop of : feather -strewn floor , then peer out the wind 2 Quidditch pitch , the wall of a maze now stand , ¥y twenry foot high . — — i , ext . maze - dusk ~ 94 outside the maze . sunset . qq the contestant be gather , each at a separ : entrance . each be accompany by a handler -- ff for krum , madame marine for fleur , amos diggo ! cedric . all be nervous . ( continyed ) * +e ee ee he '' to 94 95 96 ( on ) . continued : lq ) 54 krum be stand , he head lower like a or , blank . rarkaroff whisper urgently in he ear . mazine , accompany by gabrielle , be massage oil into a subdued fleur . amo diggory be in cting and practice useful spell with cedric . the air be full of tension , the crowd subdued . harry stand alone . he look through the neargé entrance and see the long threaten tunnel pb € the ) maze 's first alley stretch away from he , high and full of shadow . moody limp over to harry , roughly squeeze oil goadhe throughout the above , dumbledore address the dumbledore earlier this evening , Professor moody place the triwizard Cup within the maze . only he know where it reside . as the scoring be close , the first to touch the Cup will become the first triwizard champion in over one hundred year . the crowd roar . ss ] dumbledore champion , prepare yourselves . on three . one. two -- blam ! filch fire the cannon and the champion sappear into the maze through they separate entrance int . maze - harry harry enter the maze , a tiny figure . the high lean over he . it be utterly still and silent . harry look back at moody . rustling , the maze ose harry move forward , hedge tremble with the sound . harry turn sharply , look behind . no continue . a crossroad , hach alley short , lead to othera . he choose . ext . maze - dusk ( ol 96 a wide shot of the maze . it darken as we wat gather ominously . eth * ree + he ee + eee + ee ee eee ae 97 int . maze - night of Inside the maze , the mist settles round Harry . in a fitful breeze . Harry begin to hurry and then , as the austurwy continue , break into a trot . then , spook bythe swirl mist , he run , turn a corner and be go mist thicken . another part of the maze . a high view . come towa we , a tiny point of light . the sound of the hedge rustling and shifting . we descend , find a fea she move on . through the hedge we see a pin prick of wand 1 's woving fast , purposefully . we track with it e foliage , see krum , he face fix , possess . 3 as if he 's hunt , try to scent the prey . we crane up and over to the next alley , find fan ] come toward we , wand light . he come to a junction id stop , look about , uncertain . the hedge sway gently , slowly , contort . cedric 's face , un spook . the camera move in on he to extreme angle - inside another alley ( '' ] we track back with fleur frighten , look a behind she as she move tentatively to a cross a to camera gyrates around she . she 's uncertain wh : go . the mist swirt and the hedge warp . sudden e're behind she , see she in the distance , as though stalking she . the camera start sprint tow not the sound of breathing . fleur turn , white li face . she scream in horror . rm harry , high , wide , hear the scream and run fra harry Pov not the hedge whip past . he see a figure movin fard oo . $ 5 z back to scene a as he come opposite , harry stop . the figure st look -- krum , panting and eye wild . the boy¢ eat a erossroad , krum stare at harry , he brain ob es bly racing . then , with no word of greeting , he abirupt / ly turn down a alley and be go . ce ee ee re ror * * et oe 97 ( op . harry be uncertain whether to follow krum . De keep go . he approach a crossroad , round a corner gingerly . find fleur , wotionless on the grou kneel , take she wand in he hand and ... a enormous wide shot continued : { 2 } of the maze with the castle in the b.g . the last df the daylight . Red spark , the distress call , shoo ' p bhe maze groans and be seize by a slow convulsion stillness again . inside the maze ©) harry , freak , take off . behind he the maz ! elop fleur . over harry as he run , turn corner after co : ri} short corridor after short corridor . again a 5 look over he shoulder anxiously . the sound of the rustling maze seem to be incre@agi we see alley after alley , choke with mist , und reatlea . harry reach a crossroad and look behind on more turn forward and crash into something -- ced iney both yell . cedric take off and harry follow . cedric be faster and before long the wand light th surround cedric disappear . harry slow down . breathless . he be in a long dor . the sound of the hedge increase . ahead , the end the corridor seem to be draw nearer . harry pause . he imagine thing ? disorientated ? he turn ] '' the maze seem to be fold in behind he . 2 to be crush . he see a gap ahead and race [ to the hedge begin to close . he hurl himself £ : : slip through the gap just as the hedge cl turn . see the cup far ahead . a bolt of light rocket past he , singeing th he head . he turn to see krum readying he wand a second shot . krum juke leave and right , try ee past Harry . cedric diggory ( from behind harry ) Potter ! duck ! oq harry duck . krum 's spell sizzle past he e ( continged ) 97 ee er eeee of hee eet cee re ene ee 97 continued : ( 3 ) 97 cedric point he wand at krum . cedric diggory stupefy ! vp cedric 's bolt surge past harry and bursta ontp_krua ho collapse to the ground wide - eye and freeze . sedaif ' land Harry approach krum . harry thanks . harry and cedric turn , stare at the Cup in the distance . they pause . glance at one another . then , wit word , they sprint for the prize , fiercely comp the camera race with they . cedric begin to a when a root twist up out of the hedge and sna ankle . he kick it away , but be rapidly envel , hedge . he fall heavily and harry overtake hi harry look back and see cedric suffocating , '' the foliage . harry stop , tear between ambition and duty -- cedric . decide , he dash back . cedric ia alm consume . Harry take he wand , blast and kick pull at the snake branch . finally , he & haul cedric free . they stand panting , barely a le speak . cedric diggory sq go on . take it . harry no. cedric you save I . take it . Harry glance at the Cup , glitter brilliantily harry together . y cedric eye Harry incredulously . Harry nod . . the hedge vibrate violently and begin to cloge turn , Harry and cedric as one , sprint for ¢| he hedge close behind they , grow narrower anda pwer . harry on three ! one ! i wot cedric diggory raf ( continued ) ell ee * eee he ee can 97 98 99 continued : ( 3 ) harry / cedric Three ! just before the hedge close completely , they themselves forward , grab a handle and ... whoosh ! shudder , spin independent of the earth . rise in a howl and Harry squint , everything blur , until ... omitted ext . graveyard - little hangleton - night ne ... he and cedric land heavily in a misty graveyard . e Cup fly free , skitter over the chill groupd_a the sky rotate ... slowly ... to a... stop . Harry ber through the mist . see a distant hill . a old wano a gardener 's cottage . cedric diggory it 's a portkey . the Cup be a -- harry in a dream . I have be here I have be here diggory study Harry curiously , when -- hiss ! yard away , a large stone cauldron sputter . face come into view as if in a dream . Harry be move too . the camera glide --~ harry Pov -- and reveal a headstone , the name engrave : a tom riddle back to scene Harry stop cold . harry cedric . get back to the Cup . how . ( contt aip4 + be eee * 99 ( o ) a. continued : cedric diggory what be you talk -- harry \p wow ... .4ff the word become a scream as Harry drop to hi seer 7 clutches he scar in agony . cedric diggory Harry ! what be it ! Harry ! cedric follow Harry 's gaze . a pigure , slump - showlde and clutching a oily bundle , approach through tombstone . cc harry get back to the Cup ! QI ] cedric diggory I be not leave you ! the figure emerge from the mist : wormtail . e stir . voldemort gni rill the spare . harry noooooo ! J wormtail avada kedavra ! a flash of GREEN bleack the graveyard . cedri $ the ground , wand tumble from he spasming hand . reach out , touch the wand and watch it crv ash over he finger . cedric ' 's pupil dilate ... still . wormtail jerk Harry off he knee and toss al , the statuary front Tom riddle 's headstone . stone hand fold over Harry 's arm , imprisoni : i the cauldron crackle hungrily . wormtail hesitates . the bundle twitches . uy voldemort do it . wow , o L the swaddle fall away and something pale drop heavily inte the roiling potion . wormt. he tremble wand . ( ci at en 99 ( op . continued : ( 2 ) [ ) 99 wormtail bone of the father , unknowingly bive ... . the earth below Harry ruptures , dust drift through he finger like smoke as it trail into the cauld , wormtail ~ flesh of the servant , w-willingly sacrifice ... wormtail extend he right hand , raise the das leave and -- Harry shut he eye . chop ! -- a sicken splash poison the air . wormtail shriek . we Harry . slowly a shadow fall over he , wormtail b-blood of the enemy ... gn Harry 's eye SNAP OPEN . wormtail sway over hi fz crease in pain , dagger tremble in he finge ry struggle frantically , but he 's trap . swit dagger pierce the flesh of Harry 's forearm . ws onto the blade . < | wormtail forcibly take ... wormtail tip the blade over the smoking cauldh ralery watch in horror as a droplet of he blood roftg ckly down the blade ... fall into the cauldron . wormtail the Dark Lord shall rise again ! the cauldron rage , the sky go white . wind , . tendril of smoke , black as ink , rise from t . a shadow emerge -- as if make of smoke itsel transform , smoke turn to skin . Harry sta : disbelief . voldemort . 7 — 1. , voldemort study he hand -- flesh , blood with feral delight . exulrant . voldemort ss ] my wand , wormtail . not wormtail shuffles forward , hand voldemort a ofporiyc wand . voldemort hold out you arm . 99 continued : ( 3 ) 99 wormtail whimper gratefully , lift he bleedi : . wormtail oh , master , thank you , master -- vr voldehort the other arm , wornutail . wormtail 's smile wither . grimly , he oblige . glow on the pale flesh of he forearm , a serp£ protrude from its mouth . voldemort grin , e and ... touch it . at once , a howling wind toss the tree . the ea sizzle with the SNAP of cloak . then , one by clad wizard apparate into view , encircle volemo death eater . ( QI at last , the wind die . voldemort welcome , my friend ! thirteen year it 's be ... yet here you stand before I as though it be only yesterday . Whole . healthy . in full possession of you power . I confess myself ... disappointed . a tremor of apprehension run through the 2 rse . voldemort for how be it that such a powerful band of wizard , wizard who have swear I eternal loyalty , could never once , in all this year , ~\ come to the aid of they master ? q qo instantly a death eater drop to the dust , pitch | himself upon the hem of voldemort 's robe . death eater c forgive I , master . forgive all of we -- with astonish speed , voldemort flash he no the death eater shriek , writhing on the grow voldemort 's snake - like eye glitter with pleasure , en he give another flick of he wand and the dea ter 's body go limp , ( ci 99 continued : voldemort ring . voldemort give I thirteen year , then perhaps I will forgive you , avery . ( pace past ) vr nott. mcnair . crabbe . goyle . not one of you try to find I ... pause before a wizard wear a serp voldehmort wot even you , lucius . lucius malfoy my Lord , I be constantly on the alert . have there be eny sign , any whisper of you whereabouts -- voldemort q ] there be sign , my slippery friend , and more than whisper . lucius malfoy — I assure you , my Lord , I have not renounce the old way . the face I present each day to the wizard world be my true mask . voldemort I think it 's safe to say you be a man of many mask , lucius . tense silence hang in the air . then a 3 wormtail I return to you . I return ... voldemort o 0 ( turn ) qut of fear . not loyalty . still , you aave prove useful this past few month , wormtail ... wormtail peer up , watch voldemort extend & gleaming silver hand from the tragedy of he m wrist . he wand and , with the subtlest of motion , ae wormtail thank you , my Lord ! oh , thank you ! ( co ee ete hee ee * 99 continued : ( 5 ) [ ls ) 99 voldemort the lord giveth ... and the lord taketh away . have wormtail nod in mute fear . voldemort grin . voldemort sn ] it 's a Muggle say . I have always find it ... amusing . voldemort put he beot to cedric ' 's face , cs ) stricken eye to the light , cluck he tongue . voldemort such a handsome boy . harry do not touch he ! NI voldemort 's eye SNAP to Harry , narrowing with ' ole 's 1 then ... soften . voldemort Harry . I would almost forget you be here . I would introduce you , but word have it you be almost as famous as I this day . voldemort give cedric 's face a last , harsh nud ith he boct -- the only indication of anger -- the pip ly begin to circle towards Harry . voldemort the boy who live . wow lie have feed you legend , Harry . shall I reveal what really happen that ( ad ) night thirteen year ago ? shall I divulge what truly cause I to lose my power ? voldemort grin eerily as he address the om voldehort it be love . a mother 's love . you J see , when dear sweet lily Potter give she life for she only son , she provide the ultimate protection : ss ] I could not touch hin . voldemort stop before Harry , eye guicter ( ym ) fascination as he study he , he voice a wh 's 3 ( comeiruedd , CO ] 39 continued : ( 6 ) 99 voldemort it be old magic . something I should have foreseen . but no matter . thing have change ... vf voldemort press the tip of he long white fipge b Harry 's lightning scar and Harry gasp in pain ! voldemort I can touch you now . voldemort study he with a odd detachment . voldemort astonish what a few drop of blood will do , eh ? ( eye harden ) fate , Harry . that 's what bring we together thirteen year ago . but fate hag nothing to do with tonight . tonight you be here because I make it so . ( a beat ) give Mr. Potter he wand , wormtail . the stone hand separate and Harry fall forward . wormtail shuffles forward and , grin sadist 11 : extend he gleam hand , return Harry 's want ; voldemort sn you have be teach how to duel , tf presume ? Harry say nothing , fight to steady bis wai voldemort first , we bow to each other . voldemort bend slightly , then ... frown . voldemort come now , Harry . the nicety must be observe . dumbledore would not want you to forget you manners . I say ... ( a flicker of violence ) ae . bow , Harry wince , feel he spine curve . voldemort that 's better . and now ... + 99 on voldemort wheel , flash he wand . instantly } fly back through the aix and hit the ground ten foot back . .— voldemort crucio ! continued : ( 7 ) Harry twist in pain . voldemort study he -- eys3 narrow , face dispassionate -- then give a S $ ! of he wand , end the curse . Harry go lim heaving , then ... put he fist to the ground , himself to he foot . voldemort Atta boy , Harry . you parent would be proud . especially you filthy Muggle mother -- instantly , Harry wheel , fire a angry rope fbn at voldemort . with shocking ease , voldemort def¥ect t , then return the favor , send Harry flying back once more . as Harry hit the ground , he stare up for star , chest heaving in agony , wand hand tremb voldemort I be go to destroy you , Harry Potter . I be go to destroy thirteen year of lie . after tonight , no one will ever again question my power . after tonight , if they speak of you , they will speak only of hew you begge for death and I , be a merciful lord , oblige . wnow ... get up ! voldemort 's eye glitter savagely as he snap upward , bring Harry to he foot . voldemort let 's see what schoolboy spell you have up you sleeve ... as voldemort raise he wand , Harry stagger a tree . instantly , the broadest limb explode stumble away , weaving drunkenly through the t! as he head directly toward US . voldemort do not you turn you back on I ! I qo want you to look at I when I kill you , Harry Potter ! I want to see the light leave you eye ! ( cont : y hiipa : 99 continued : ( 8 ) 99 Harry stop , wand hang limply at he side . harry have it you way ... vp as Harry spin , the flicker of a grin crease voidelibst 's face and he wand rise with Harry 's : harry voldenort espelliamus ! avada kedavra ! a_jet of GREEN light burst from voldemort 's w. 3 as jet of red burst from Harry 'a ... and unite ... shimmering thread of gold . Harry 's wand vibra piercely in he fist . voldemort 's eye giitte ' ! ery astonishment . bead of licht bubble to the surface of the R begin to slide in Harry 's direction . face crea concentration , Harry send the bead the other toward voldemort . the death eater stir . a few draw they wand voldemort do nothing ! he 's mine to finish ! blister rise on the surface of Harry 's hand grip he wand , the muscle of he forearm twi ' ae blood seep from the jagged CUT below he elbow > then -- ag one of the bead quiver at the tip of voldemort 's wand -- Harry narrow he eye sava voldemort 's eye flash with fear ... and the bead connect . a great wailing scream echoes over the graveyard white flash envelop all as smoke drift from voldemort 's wand and expand ... take shape .. become ... cedric . startle , Harry nearly sacrifice the grip on be when another flash envelop the graveyard and ... Frank bryce , the old caretaker emerge ... sp instantly , there be another flash and twin streap smoke furl forth . Harry 's finger tremble , welling with tear as he watch ... ... his mother and father appear ( jame 4 & lily , . flicker before he like ghost ... ( co ) 99 100 view and ... dumbledore . ( ce continued : ( 9 ) jame potter Harry ... when the connection be break , you must get to the portkey . we can linger for a vp moment , to give you some time , but only a moment . do you understand ? Harry nod , tear stream down he face . ced. eps up . cedric diggory Harry , take my body back , will you ? take my body back to my father ... Harry nod again . his mother place she hand upon_his own . lily potter NI let go , sweetheart . you be ready ... and he do , break the golden thread with ak '' wrench of he wand . instantly , lily , James , B : cedric anatomize into smoke and voldemort scre FURY . as the smoke envelop the death eater , y pelt through the shifting ash and fling himsélg cedric 's body . rupee ? <r stun he ! harry aceto ! @) as the Cup soar through the air into Harry 's outstretch hand , the death eater ' blast cos fes¢e ) a shower of scarlet light . when the SPARKS qlear Harry and cedric be go . instantly , we : CUT tor the grassy ground rushing wildly up toward not — Sir ext . maze - night d | '' -. 98 Harry hit the earth with a massive T : . ood spraying from he nose from the impact , arm a sung tight over cedric . the triwizard Cup go bo : silently away , ss if in a dream , and then ... SOUND engulf Harry as scream rise from the '' '' Harry roll over , the star-strew sky cycle 100 * ( op 200 continued : [ L ) 100 dumbledore Harry ! Harry ! harry he 's back . dumbledore 's eye darken , when ... a fudge what 's go on here ! ( & ) ( eying cedric ) my god. dumbledore ... this boy ... this boy be dead . harry he ask I to bring he back ... I could not leave he ... not there ... dumbledore cq ] yes ... gently , dumbledore place he hand atop Harry 's to prise it from diggory 's chest . when Harry resis dumbledore lean down , whisper softly into he # 4 and -- as if by magic -- the clatter of the crpyd this moment , mute . for dumbledore it 's all right , Harry . he 's home . both of you be ... Harry look into dumbledore 's eye . slowly , relax and the clamor of the crowd return . fudge the body have to be move , dumbledore ! there be too many ppeople -- professor mcgonagall ts ) Potter 's hurt , albus . shall I take he to the hospital -- '' dumbledore no . my office . take he to my -- amos diggory ( 0.s. ) let I through ! let I through ! fudge for god 's sake , albus ! amo diggery 's come -- ( cl 100 101 ( oy . continued : ( 2 ) Le ) 100 rita skeeter appear , eye flutter with ast : it , then harden with the feral glint of opportunity . dumbledore \r - see to amo , minerva -- amos diggory that 's my son ! that 's my ... * diggory push through the crowd and ... stagge * rising , dumbledore move to support hin . * amos diggory vee boy . diggory 's face collapse horribly . a breath essape Harry -- as if he have be hold something i! ay tear invade he eye . suddenly , he be flyin = upward -- onto he foot . madeye moody come , Potter . this be not where you want to be right now ... as moody jerk he away , the world behind swiny watercolor : karkaroff , stop dead at the 's t cedric , absently play he finger over the lid if he leave arm ... amo diggory wailing like a will nded animal then drop , keen over he son 's bet gho , stand freeze , tear stream down she horror < cken face ... and hermione and ron , fight they way through the teeming crowd , unable to reach Harry , the '' tao thick ... a ) int . moody' office - night 101 * moody lead Harry inside , slam shut the door 0 deposit Harry on the huge trunk . his tongue excitedly over he lower lip as he step back , Harry . madeye moody well . here we be . you all right ? Harry nod vaguely , glance around . sj * madeye moody good . now tell I what happen . C ) * Harry start to reply , when the trunk beneath hi rattle . he glance at he hand , palm down de * moody , strangely impatient , bring he round sharp tone : + +e ( co 101 continued : madeye moody Potter ! harry the Cup ... the Cup wae a portkey ... madete moody yes , clearly someone bewitch it . but what happen ? tell I what happen , harry it be ... wrong . from the start . someone attack fleur . krum I suppose , but ... he do not seem himself somehow -- krum . his eye .. , when I look in he eye , he be not there , not really . J be as if he would be curse , as if someone be control he , use he like a puppet or something ... like the imperius curse ... hadeye moody rrum 's not important , Potter . what happen after ? when you get to the graveyard . it wae like I have fall into one of my dream . into a nightmare ... ( stop ) I do not say anything about a graveyard . moody stiffen , tongue trail sloccowly ove lip . harry Professor , it be you who put the Cup in the maze . so you would would have know beforehand if it be bewitch ? would not you ? moody say nothing . the trunk beneath Harry again . harry it 's you . it 's be you from the beginning . from the moment you put my name in the goblet of Fire . ( cowt 7 ( opp. {an} i Pan [ ko ) 101 vp sr S ©) NY ©» ) nx sr S ) rm * eet ae tee ee heer ehh h tee e +t +h 101 continued : ( 2 ) 101 madeye moody ( in a rage ) tell I what happen ! TI need to know what happen ! vp moody seethes , glaring at Harry and something pdd to he face , a kind of transformation ... alzo another face be struggle to push through . e aches into he robe for he wand , but Harry do not £ instead nodd to the poe Glass ... harry ( > ) constant vigilance , Professor ... moody turn , see three shadow growing large glass , the white of they eye flash . mood heeis , wand at the ready , when the door burst OPEN th he flying back . in the doorway stand dumbie id clutch in he fist , mcgonagall and snape at jae . dumbledore 's eye burn with a cold fury . dumbledore up. dumbledore give a simple bob of he wand . in : moody rise from the floor and drop roughly ifto chair . dumbledore severus , you would not happen to sj have a little something to encourage cooperation ? snape reach into he cloak , remove the tiny 's a ) veritaserum . gripping moody by the hair , dumbledo jerk he head back and tip the content of the onto he tongue . moedy make to spit , then h slacken . dumbledore do you know where you be ? madeye moody hogwart Castle . dumbledore do you know who I be ? madeye moody ( acidly ) albus dumbledore . dumbledore and you ? be you alastor moody ? palin ae k +e tee rh the 101 continued : ( 3 ) 101 madeye moody no . Harry watch dumbledcre 's eye begin to search yre -room , dumbledore be he nearby ? moody nod , absently reach into he robe ... dumbledore be he in this chamber ? moody nod . dumbledore 's gaze pass over ... ee returm to ... the massive trunk . his finger br the flask rise in meady 's hand . dumbledore step aside , will you , Harry . snape raise he wand and -- flash ! -- destroy '' the sever lock which secure the trunk . as the lid yawn ( ope 0 ) Harry peer inside . deep within , impossibly dkep ; 4f man lie naked upon the floor of a stone enclos ' harry that 's moody . but if that 's -- then -- dumbledore toss Harry the flask . Harry uae babe top . harry polyjuice potion . dumbledore I think we now know who 's be steal from you store , severus . snape and Harry exchange 's lock . then ... sqi arm of the chair splinter under the man 's spasm : finger and he begin to ... mutate ... into a yj , scar skin turn smooth , gray hair shifti : no the color of straw . i dumbledore barty crouch . juntfor . in barty JR . fan I will show you mine if you show I Le yours . he grins at Harry , pull back he sleeve : th . ( cr 101 102 oe . continued : ( 4 ) dumbledore Harry . would you lift you sleeve , please . Harry eye dumbledore uncertainly , then complie barty JR . it 's happen then ! Lord voldemort aas return ! harry I could not help it , sir . I -- as dumbledore examine Harry 's cut , he eye ever so briefly -- with something akin to tri’ abruptly he turn . dumbledore call madam pomfrey , minerva . the real alastor moody will need tend to . and send a owl to azkaban . J think they will find they be miss a prisoner . barty JR - I '11 be welcome back like a hero . dumbledore perhaps . personally , I have never have much use for heroes . int . gargoyle corridor - night Harry stride alongside dumbledore , whose eye darkly , a vigor to he gait . dumbledore my apology , Harry , for put you in unnecessary peril harry it 's all right , air . I be use to it by now . dumbledore glance at Harry 's batter face , 5 feintly . just then ... rita skeeter flit into rita skeeter could I have a word , dumbledore -- dumbledore certainly . here 's one : Goodbye . ( oyy . 103 int . dumbledore's ofpice - might ( moment late ! 103 dumbledore yanke open the cabinet , peer into ' leve . harry be it he , sir ? do he murder he own father ? dumbledore I be guess Mr. crouch discover he son 's secret and , yes , be murder lest he reveal it . Harry nod , then ... speak quietly . harry Sir , earlier , when I be battle noldemort , we wand , well , they sort of . connect . ee friort incantatem . Harry look at dumbledore curiously . ( op ) dumbledore it 's a phenomenon that can only occur when two wand share the bame core . which , in this case , happen to be the feather of a Phoenix . fawk , in fact . Harry glance over at the regal Phoenix . harry my wand 's feather come from fawk ? dumbledore q a yes . he 's a particularly powerful creature . you see , when a wand meet its brother as yours do tonight , one will be force to east the shadow of its most recent spell . which mean ... voldemort pull a long silver strand from he temple , drop it into the pensieve and turn . dumbledore Harry ... do you parent reappear tonight ? ( with concern ) no spell can reawaken the dead , T trust you know that . ( hore ) ( CO ) nipe 103 1034 104 continued : dumbledore ( cont 'd ) ( as Harry nod ) there 's something you should know , Harry . wo matter how convincingly you tell the story of what happen tonight , few will believe that voldemort have return , because few will want to believe . but tell the story you must . harry but why , sir ? if no one will believe I ? dumbledore because it 's true . ext . hogwart castle - day int . great hall - day the customary color of the four house be nowhé instead , the Hall be drape in black BA Harry , ron and hermione sit solemmly among thet gryffindor as dumbledore address the table > evidence . his eye drift to a empty seat at the nuteresbfh faye dumbledore the end ... of another year . ordinarily this be day of celebration , a day in which we recognize the accomplishment of ourselves and other . but today ... dumbledore - we acknowledge a terrible loss . cedric diggory be , as many of you know , exceptionally hard - work , infinitely fair- minded and , most importantly , a fierce friend . I think therefore you have the right to know exactly how he die . ( a beat ) cedric diggory be murder by lard voldemort . nervous whisper spread throughout the Hall . ( not is '' * eee eee see re of * 104 1044 105 continued : 104 dumbledore the Ministry of Magic do not wish we to tell you this . but to not do so be , to my mind , a vr insult to he memory . as dumbledore continue , Harry 's eye drift . 39 and pale , sit numbly , fleur gently clutching hi id . krum sit stoicly then , catch Harry 's eye , nod dumbledore it be the hope , in restore the that of we who come from triwizard tournament , that magical tie would be deeppen between ss different background . in light of recent event , such tie will be more important than ever . difference of habit and speech ( op Harry 's eye drift to the enchanted ceiling , whe become meaningless when the language of we heart be rhe same . sky shine blue ... dumbledore with dark and difficult time come a choice : between what be right and what be easy . should you ever waver , remember a boy who be kind and brave and true , to the very end ... camera drop from the blue sry ... ... to the owlery , etched like a scarecrow on horizon , int . / ext . owlery - same time - day Harry sit with hedwig , hair toss lightly | he eye the three drop of blood on the plank peer out the window , where the empty maze sta desolate ruin . after a moment , a distant voi ! S out : qo haccy ! hermione ( 0.5 . ) sr '' Za 1044 eee ee serre re * '' 105 106 ( om continued : 105 he glance out the opposite window , to the gro ' ond and below , see ron and hermione approach . he take a last look toward the maze , then set hedwig for : follow she into the sry , watch she glide gr then ... hermione ( 0.s. ) everything 's go to change now , be not it ? ext . ground / owlery - day 106 .»+ crane down behind Harry , ron and hermione walk toward the castle . harry yes . ron just once ... just once , .. I would like to have a nice quiet school year . be that too much to ask ? hermione be a bit boring , would not it ? what 's life without a few dragon ? ron ( a sigh ) it 's not easy be you friend , Harry . normal . harry try be I . 3042920044 D 1d hermione we will have to leave here someday , you know . for good . best enjoy it while we can . dragon and all . besides , we will be all right , as long as we stay together ... her voice falter . then : ron that 's right . together . they grow smaller ... pain ] harry together . ( co ! T : ) oe 106 continued : Harry and ron fall in then , arm lace over he oo og three become one es the camera rise , leave they behind for the sky once more . distance . a storm wait . Cloud lurk in fade ovn ] fip4einibol29 20041 eee *