fade in ext . - little whinging - night it be sunset . we drift through the cloud , approach number four , privet drive . we sail over the roof of number four and continue on past it into the street . we drift down into a abandon playground . a lone figure sit on the only unbroken swing .. it be harry potter . he appear deep in think . have he be watch more carefully , he would have see the old mrs . figg watch he from she front porch . mrs . figg adjust she porch chair in order to watch Harry better . the sound of harsh laughter reach Harry 's ear . he look up . Dudley and he gang of follower be walk down the street , tell crude joke and laugh . they ignore Harry and continue on out of sight . Harry get to he foot and follow they . ext . STREET - night Harry round the corner , only to find himself surround by Dudley 's gang . dudley oh , it 's you . gang thug # 1 what should we do with he , Big D ? Harry laugh . harry Big D ? cool name , but to I , you will always be ikkle duddicum . dudley shut up ! one of Dudley 's gang step in as if to punch Harry . Harry glare at he . the gang member pause , then step back again . dudley ooo , tough guy . not so tough in you bed , be you ? harry what ? mrs . figg stand up and go to the edge of she porch . mrs . figg you boy go home now , or I will be call you parent ! they pause and edge away from Harry . dudley I hear you talk in you sleep , last night . crying . " no , do not kill cedric , do not kill cedric ! dad , help I , heeelp I ! he 's go to kill I ! boo-hoo ! " Dudley 's gang laugh . harry shut up , Dudley . I be warning you ... dudley why should I ? Harry whip out he wand and point it at Dudley . harry because if you do not I will turn you into the idiot pig you be ! Dudley 's gang laugh at Harry . Dudley , on the other hand , be terrify . dudley ( terrify ) do not point that thing at I ! harry not so brave now , be you duddykin ? now tell you little friend to go away . Dudley quiver , then finally comply . dudley g- go home ! gang member # 3 what ? dudley get out of here ! suddenly nervous , they turn and edge away , soon vanish into the night . Harry tightened he grip on he wand , glaring fourteen year of hatred and rage at Dudley . harry ( cont . ) do not you ever speak about that again . you understand ? dudley do not point that thing at I ! harry I say , do you understand ? ! suddenly , a cold wind blow through the street , cause everyone to shiver . Harry exhales and he breath be tinged with frost . the street light flicker , die , and frost over . Dudley be turn in a circle , terrify . dudley what 's happen ? harry quiet ! the star go out , plunging they into darkness . Dudley yell in fear . Harry turn to the end of the street . gliding as smooth as death over the street , tatter robe drift in the wind , come a dementor . harry Dudley ! run ! he turn , grab he cousin by the arm and drag he down a alleyway . Beyond the mouth of the alleyway be the next street , and number four , privet drive . harry come on ! they break into a run . a dementor drift into the alleyway in front of they . skid to a stop , Harry turn around , to find the other dementor cut off the way back . Harry spot a fire escape ladder , lead onto the roof of the house . he tap Dudley on the back , and start to point to it , when Dudley turn and punch Harry in the jaw . daze , Harry stumble backwards and fall to he back . his glass slide from he face . his wand clatter away from he . crying , Dudley run away from Harry , towards the first dementor . harry Dudley , no ! Harry feel the ground for he glass but cannot find they . his hand scrabble on the ground in desperation . harry lumos ! Three foot away from he , he wand light up . Harry snatch it up and turn . the dementor close the distance to Harry swiftly , and be suddenly right before he . Harry raise he wand . harry ' expecto patronum ! ' a wisp of misty light protrude from the tip of he wand , but not enough . Harry stiffen and gasp . the dementor close in for the kill . voldemort ( v.0 . ) bow to death , Harry ... lily potter ( v.0 . ) haaaaaaaarry !... Harry fall onto he back , and the dementor close the distance . Dudley scream in the black . Harry glance at he . Dudley be on he back , hand pull apart by the other dementor , and the great cloak head lowering to deliver the kiss . Harry raise he wand in desperation . harry ' expecto patronum !' there be a blind explosion of light as Harry 's patronous burst forth , blast the dementor backwards and away . the light intensifies , pulsating from Harry 's wand , expand to fill the alley with wave after pulsing wave of pure light . the dementor flee . the star , and street lamp flicker to life again . Dudley lay on the ground , whimper and shaking . footstep from behind Harry . he turn , wand at the ready , to see uncle vernon and aunt petunia run up to he . he start to lower it . but they be stare dumbfounded into the sky , watch the dementor soar away . vernon what the hell be that ? harry dementor . petunia kneel on the ground next to Dudley . petunia what happen , duddikin ? Vernon turn on Harry , who hastily lower he wand . vernon what the hell be a dementoid ? petunia seize Dudley and attempt to look into he mouth . petunia they do not --? harry no . Vernon shove a large finger at Harry . vernon I want some answer ! harry we be attack . vernon by that ... thing ? harry they be evil . if they get the chance , they will suck you soul out through you mouth . petunia they guard the wizard prison , azkaban . Vernon and Harry look dumbfounded . vernon how do you know that ? petunia shake she head , look panicky . Vernon help Dudley unsteadily to he foot , patting he on the shoulder . vernon fought them off , eh , dud ? gave ‘em the ol ' one - two ? harry you can not give a dementor the 'ol one - two . ' vernon why be he all right then ? harry because I use magic to save he life ! the street - light die , plunging the street into darkness . several cloak people appear around they on the street . the dursley yell in surprise . they move closer . Harry stand , brandish he wand . harry lumos ! ten wizard stand around they , wand out . mad-eye moody , remus lupin , nymphadora tonk , kingsley shacklebolt , elphias doge , dedalus diggle , emmeline vance , sturgis podmore , and hestia Jones . vernon who be all you lot ? moody quiet , dursley . lupin Harry , douse the light . we be expose here . harry ( nodd ) nox . darkness return to the street , which be now light only by the light of the moon . harry what be you do here ? lupin we be you advanced guard , Harry . dumbledore just send we as soon as he hear about the attack . we be take you to safety . we be just wait for the all clear . harry how have he know ? it just happen ! lupin you do not think dumbledore have let you wander around on you own , do you ? lupin indicate tonk . lupin Harry , I do not believe you have meet nymphadora tonk . she smile at he . lupin tonk , would you go get Harry 's broom from the house ? she nod and depart . Harry look at lupin . harry what 's be go on ? what 's Lord vol - Three of the advanced guard jump . moody we be not talk about it here , it 's too risky . moody 's eye stick backwards in he head . moody blast it . he pull he eye from it 's socket with a horrible suck sound . tonk mad-eye , dear , you do realize that 's disgusting ? moody I want 365 degree visibility on the return trip . harry how be we get there ? lupin broom . Red spark fly into the air in the distance . tonk return with the broom , hand it to Harry . kingsley there 's the first signal . moody right , let 's go . lupin on you broom , Harry . moody be move around they . moody form up ! form up around Harry . make it snappy ! the advanced guard surround Harry . moody we will be fly in close - quarter formation . tonk will be right in front of you , keep close to she at all time . ( pause ) do not stop , and whatever you do , do not break formation . if any of we be kill , the rest of you , keep fly . ( pause ) if that be to happen , the survivor , fly to the east . the rear guard be stand by . they will find you . tonk stop be so cheerful , mad-eye . moody we must be ready . this would be the perfect moment for voldemort to strike Harry . harry uh , be that very likely ? kingsley no one 's go to die . Blue spark blast into the sky . lupin there 's the second signal ! moody mount you broom , everyone . here we go ! second later , there be a explosion of green spark in the sky . moody the third signal , everyone . let 's go ! they kick off from the ground , which be swiftly leave behind . moody stay in formation ! 10 . they be not as high as the cloud yet . moody we need more height ! it be only second later , that another warning be shout they way . a dementor soar towards they , tatter robe snap in the wind . moody contact to the south ! kingsley mad-eye ! you , tonk , and lupin take Harry ! we will slow they down ! the rest of the advanced guard peel away from the group . Harry check the sky around they . it appear to be clear . lupin there 's the other one , alastor ! the other dementor emerge very close by from a cloud . harry expecto--! lupin Harry , leave it to we ! and lupin peel away , rocketing towards the dementor . harry no ! lupin go straight at the dementor , which smoothly flip upwards , bypass lupin , but lupin twist he broom around , he wand draw , and point it at the dementor 's retreate back . lupin ' expecto patronum ! ' lupin 's patronous explode from he wand tip , pulsing out through the cloud at the dementor . the light blast into it , and the dementor , shriek eerily , retreat back towards the rest of the advanced guard . lupin rocket past Harry , tonk , and moody . 11 . lupin get Harry to the safe house ! moody come on , Potter ! keep move ! harry but I can help ! moody Potter , get yourself kill will not do a thing . now move ! glaring at moody , Harry wheel he broom around and the three of they set off again , leave the battle behind . moody we be not far , now ! soon after , lupin and the rest of the advanced guard return , intact and without injury . moody do you get rid of they ? kingsley they be go , alastor . tonk we be there ! moody prepare for descent ! form up around Harry ! they cut through the cloud , glide lower as they go . tonk touch down right before Harry do , the rest glide down while maintain they formation around Harry . all business , they draw they wand . lupin stay here , Harry . several of the advanced guard move to the perimeter , to secure it . kingsley clear ! moody right , Harry , this way . 12 . Harry follow he , tonk and lupin trail after , wand at the ready , eye flick to the building surround they . moody here , read this . he hand Harry a piece of paper . it have write on it : " the headquarters of the order of the Phoenix may be find at number twelve , grimmauld place , London . " Harry look at the gap between the house , and suddenly a door appear , follow by the rest of a large , gray , rather impose house . moody take the paper from Harry and set it afire with he wand . moody come on , inside . hurry . lupin and tonk step up , close to Harry , one on either side . the guard at the perimeter close in a semi-circle around the door . lupin tap the door with he wand , and it crack open . lupin get in , quick , Harry . do not touch anything . int . grimmauld place - night Harry enter the musty entry hall . to one side be a staircase lead up to the next level . at the base of the stair be a dirty , gray sheet hang on the wall , as if it be cover something . behind he , the other member of the advanced guard be enter . to make room , Harry step to one side , and run into a umbrella stand , which clang loudly as it hit the ground . to steady himself , he reach out and pull the sheet from the wall . behind it be a portrait of a unpleasant , old , thin , woman . mrs . black filth ! scum ! half -breed , mutant , freak , begone from this place ! how dare you befoul the house of my father ?! 13 . sirius black come run into the entry hall . he skid to a halt next to Harry , look up at mrs black . sirius shut up , you miserable old hag ! quiet ! mrs black blood traitor , abomination , shame of my flesh ! sirius yes , yes , do shut up ! he throw the sheet over the picture , and the yell die away . pant , sirius look at Harry and grin . he wrap Harry in a huge bear hug . Harry laugh . pull away , sirius smile at Harry . harry be that you --? sirius mother , yes . dear old mum . harry but ... why here ? sirius this house have be my family 's for century . it 's mine now . ( pause ) I be the last of the black . I offer it up as headquarters for , well , and dumbledore accept . it 's about the most useful thing I have be able to do for a long while . mrs weasley enter the hall . mrs weasley hello , Harry dear . harry Mrs. weasley ! mrs weasley sirius , the meeting be about to start ! 14 . sirius right . mrs weasley Harry , dear , go on upstairs - quietly , if you please . they be all up there . Harry look up the stair . hermione Harry ! Harry look up the stair and see ron and hermione stand on the landing . he mount the stair to both of they , grin . hermione throw herself on Harry in a large hug , laugh . ron let he breathe , hermione ! hermione oh , Harry ! we have miss you ! be you furious with we , I bet you be ! ron hermione ! hermione let Harry go and take a deep breath . ron good to see you , mate . hermione come on , inside . they enter a adjacent bedroom . int . bedroom - night they sit down on separate bed . hermione sorry we have not write , Harry , but dumbledore make we promise not to . ron we want to , mate , we really do , but he think they would get intercept . 15 . there be a awkward silence . harry right . ron he think you would be safest there . harry yeah , real safe . attack by dementor , that 's safe , that be . hermione he be so angry when he hear . it be ...scary ... harry so , why 's he keep I in the dark ? hermione and ron look awkward . harry do not you bother ask ? ron we have only see he twice , and not for very long . he 's really busy . harry so I get to spend the summer with the dursley while you two be here . ron it 's not that fun , mate . mum will not let we anywhere near the meeting . harry you have still be here ! hermione and ron be look aghast at Harry . Harry look away . there be a silence . harry what 's be go on ? ron we have already tell you , we be not privy to the meeting . but we do know a few thing . 16 . hermione some of the order be follow know death eater , like lucious malfoy . ( pause ) and they be guard something . harry what 's this order everyone 's talk about ? hermione the order of the Phoenix . dumbledore start it last time to fight you -know - who . he only reorganize it after last term . moment later , mrs . weasley open the door to they room . mrs weasley you can come down now , the meeting 's over . they stand up to go . int . kitchen - night Harry , Ginny , hermione , ron , and Mrs. weasley enter the kitchen , which have be set up with long table and chair . at the far end of the long table , mr . weasley and charlie weasley be talk quietly over a parchment . mrs weasley Arthur - mr . weasley look up , see they , and nod to Charlie , who roll up the parchment hastily , and rise from he seat , move across the room . Harry sit down at the table , across from sirius . sirius well , the Ministry be furious with you . harry why ? sirius you do magic in front of you muggle cousin . ( more ) sirius ( cont would ) you will have to go to a disciplinary meeting tomorrow . harry okay . Harry stand up . harry I be not really hungry . I think I will go to bed . sirius you surprise I , Harry . I figure the first thing you would do be start ask about voldemort . Harry pause , then turn around . the room have go very still . Mrs. weasley be glaring at sirius . harry I want to , but I do not think you would tell I anything . mrs weasley and that be quite right , Harry ! you be much to young -- sirius he have a right to know , Molly . mrs weasley it 's not you decision ! sirius I know what dumbledore say , but he need to know something . harry ( grin ) yeah . sirius he 's not a child , Molly . mrs weasley he 's not a adult either ! ( pause ) he 's not James . 17 . 18. sirius ( stiffly ) I be fully aware of who he be , Molly . mrs weasley I only have Harry 's best interest at heart . sirius he 's not you son . mrs weasley who else do he have , then ? sirius stand , glaring at Mrs. weasley . sirius he 's get I . he 's like a son to I . Harry stare at sirius in surprise . Mrs. weasley turn and storm out . sirius sit , heavily . sirius what do you want to know , Harry ? harry where 's voldemort ? what 's he do ? sirius he 's hide for the moment , because the Ministry be ignore he return and he do not want that to change . lupin ( smile ) you really mess thing up for he last year , Harry . harry how ? sirius the last person you - know - who want to alert be dumbledore . harry and what 's he plan ? 19 . sirius he 's building up he army again , just like before . harry and you be stop he from gain follower ? lupin we be do we best , but it 's prove to be ... difficult . sirius you see , when the Ministry of Magic insist that voldemort be not back . harry but ... why ? lupin fudge like be Minister of Magic . if it turn out that voldemort come back under he watch , he will be sack . harry but you be tell people , right ? sirius laugh . sirius well , they think I be a mass - murderer , lupin be a werewolf , tonk and Arthur would lose they job at the Ministry ... lupin but dumbledore be do all he can . mr . weasley if he keep it up , he might end up in azkaban . and that would give you - know - who a clear field to -- mr weasley stop short and look as if he would nearly say too much . harry what ? 20 . sirius you -know - who want something . something he do not have last time . a weapon . harry what kind of weapon ? lupin and sirius exchange look . lupin I be sorry , Harry , we can not say anything more . int . bedroom - night Harry sleep . he dream . int . hallway - night Harry move slowly down a dark hallway . it have many , bolt door down its long side . soon he be run . then , suddenly , he be be pull along , the door rush past faster and faster . Harry can see the end of the hallway , it be a blind light , still only a speck . it grow larger as he rocket towards it , then he fly right into it and the light explode all around he , engulf he . int . bedroom - day Harry wake with a cry , sit straight up in bed . he 's cover in sweat , look disturb . int . hall - day mrs . weasley , mr weasley , lupin , ron , hermione , and ginny be stand in the hall , wait , as sirius and Harry descend the stair . mrs weasley Morning , dear ! do you have a good sleep ? harry no , my scar keep hurt . mr . weasley and lupin exchange nervous glance . 21 . mr weasley ( bracingly ) probably just nerve ... harry yeah ...nerve ... mrs . weasley good luck , Harry ! she hug Harry . after the hug , Harry stand back , but be suddenly hugge by hermione . hermione they will have to let you off , Harry ... you be defend yourself ! I check the law . harry thanks , hermione . ron what do he get a hug for ? hermione ( cooly ) when you have to go to a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic , I will hug you too . ron oh , sure , that 's why . hermione ( laugh ) Ronald weasley , be you jealous ? ron ( glance at the smirk Ginny and Mrs. weasley ) me? jealous ? of course not , it just do not seem fair that you hug one friend more than the other , be all ... hermione would you like a hug ? 22 . ron ( miff ) no , I would hate to force you ... Harry grin and shake he head . mr weasley well , come on , Harry . time to go . harry bye . he wave , and he and mr weasley depart . ext . london STREET - day the street be not very crowded , as the sun rise in the east . Harry and Mr. weasley hurry along the sidewalk and come to a phonebooth . Mr. weasley look around cautiously . mr weasley good , good , not very many muggles . he open the phonebooth and slip inside . he beckon to Harry . mr weasley well , come on Harry , in we go . Harry slip inside the booth , and Mr. weasley , with some difficulty , close the door behind they . Mr. weasley pick up the phone and listen in the wrong end for a moment . mr weasley I do love use the fellytone ! now , let 's see , what 's the number again ... he punch in six , two , four , four , two . there be a tap on the glass of the box . Mr. weasley glance out of the window to see a muggle man stand outside . the man tap he watch impatiently . Mr. weasley hold up a finger , as to say , " just a second . " the man sigh and turn around , tapping he foot . 23. female voice welcome to the Ministry of Magic . please state you business . mr . weasley Harry Potter , disciplinary hearing . female voice pleas stand by . there be a pause , and then the whole phone booth begin to sink down into the ground . the man , he back to the booth , be completely oblivious . int . ministry of magic - day the booth sink lower into the ground . mr weasley usually I apparate , but you be too young , so I think we would take the scenic route . the booth shudder to a halt , and the door slide open , revealing a large lobby , fill with busy - look wizard and witch go to and for . Harry and Mr. weasley exit the phone booth and enter the lobby . the door to the phone booth close , and it slide up again , out of sight . ext . STREET - day the muggle man stand tapping he foot . the booth reemerges topside and stop , look very innocent . the man turn around , blink , and glance around for the two people that have be inside it before . int . ministry of magic - day Mr. weasley walk through the crowd of wizard . mr weasley keep close , Harry ! a stoop , timid-looking , white - haire wizard push he way through the crowd towards Mr. weasley . 24 . mr weasley ah , Perkins , good morn - perkin Arthur , they have change the time of Potter 's hearing . mr weasley blast ! dumbledore think they might try that . perkin it start at eight ! mr weasley good lord , that be five minute ago ! come on , Harry ! they break into a run . they jog down hallway after hallway , then Mr weasley lead Harry onto a large lift . there be several other witch and wizard on it . it descend shudderingly for a few moment , then stop . female voice Department of Mystery . harry Department of Mystery ? mr weasley yep , I have get no idea what they get up to in here , it 's top secret . the lift door open . Harry and Mr. weasley exit , run down corridor . Harry skid to a stop and look down a dark hallway . Mr. weasley stop as well , and glance back at Harry . mr . weasley come on , Harry ! harry I have be there before ... Mr. weasley look nervous , then grab Harry 's robe and drag he along . mr . weasley now , Harry , I find that highly unlikely ... 25 . a few moment later , they arrive . mr. weasley there you be , Harry , in you go ... good luck ... Harry enter the chamber . int . courtroom - day one side of the courtroom be a elevate zigarat- shape series of seat carve from black stone . the whole room be dark , save a light shine through from the ceiling down on the center of the room , where a single wooden chair sit , cover in chain . fudge you be late . harry er... sorry . fudge no matter , the accuse will take he seat . Harry do so , glance nervously at the chain on it . fudge very well , we be ready to begin . dumbledore Witness for the Defence , albus percival wulfric Brian dumbledore . Harry turn in he seat . dumbledore stand by the door of the courtroom , look up at the Minister . fudge ah...you ...er ... get we message that the time have change , do you ? dumbledore ( cheerfully ) must have miss it . ( pause ) however , due to a fortunate mistake , I arrive at the Ministry three hour early . 26 . dumbledore conjure up a squashy , chintz armchair next to Harry 's and sit down with a mild squeak . he steeples he finger and look up at the Minister with a expression of polite interest . fudge well . the ...ah ... charge . he consult he note . fudge the charge against the accuse shall now be read into the record : that the accuse do with deliberation and fore - knowledge of the illegality of he action , produce a patronus charm in full sight of a Muggle . ( pause ) ( to Harry ) you be Harry James Potter ? harry yes . fudge and you conjure a patronus on the night of the eleventh of August ? harry yes , but - fudge within full sight of a Muggle ? harry yes , but - susan bone you produce a patronus ? a fully - form patronus , with a clearly - define shape ? harry yes . susan bone that be most remarkable , Mr. potter. 27 . fudge it do not matter how impressive it be ! harry but I do it because of the dementor ! susan bone what do you mean ? harry my cousin and I be attack by dementor . that 's why I have to use the patronus , to drive they away . fudge ah , yes , yes , another cock - and - bull story . harry it 's the truth ! fudge ( sarcastically ) of course it be . susan bone dementor in Little whing ? fudge oh , come now , Susan . he 's clearly lie . dumbledore actually , we have a witness to the presence of the dementor in question . fudge we have not get time to - dumbledore I may be wrong , but I do believe that it say somewhere in the wizagammot Charter of rights that the accuse have the right to present witness to prove he or she case ? in fact , I do believe I write that particular bit myself . 28. fudge very well . weasley , fetch the witness . percy go to the door and let mrs . figg in . she stand in front of Harry and dumbledore nervously . fudge full name ? mrs . figg arabella doreen figg , resident of Little whing . fudge so ... what be you story ? figg I be sit on my porch when I see the two dementor glide towards the two boy . susan bone what do the dementor look like ? figg well , they be big and wear great , tatter cloak . there be some murmure among the wizengamot at that . susan bone anything else ? figg I - I feel they . it be horrible ... like I would never be happy again . fudge very well , you may go . mrs figg hurry from the courtroom . fudge not very convincing . susan bone oh , I disagree . she describe they effect very completely . 29 . fudge so two dementor just happen to be in Little whing ? I think not ... dumbledore only if the dementor be still take they order from only the Ministry this day . I believe you know my view on this , cornelius . fudge yes , and they be nothing but bilge , dumbledore . umbridge shift into the light . she be a short , ugly , toad - like woman . umbridge Excuse I , dumbledore , but do you just accuse the Ministry of Magic of order a attack on this boy ? dumbledore if the dementor be take they order from the Ministry exclusively , then it must certainly follow logically that someone in the Ministry order the attack . ( pause ) and in that case , I be sure the Ministry will make a full inquiry . fudge dementor be irrelevant ! dumbledore on the contrary , cornelius . if they be there , then Harry be act in self - defense , which be perfectly allowable under clause Seven of the decree of reasonable restriction of underage wizardry . ( pause ) we be all in agreement on this ? fudge well , yes , if he 's tell the truth ! dumbledore you have hear it from eye - witness , cornelius . 30 . fudge very well , all for clear the accuse of charge ? he glance around the room , note all the hand in the air . fudge all oppose ? only a few hand . fudge ( angrily ) Fine ! clear of all charge ! dumbledore excellent . dumbledore get out of he chair , vanish it with the wave of a wand , and sweep from the courtroom . Harry get out of the wooden chair , glance upward at umbridge . they eye meet for a split second . she glower at he . Harry exit . int . hall - day Harry exit the courtroom to find Mr. weasley stand outside , beam . mr . weasley Harry , you have be let off ! that 's wonderful ! the door open again and the whole of the wizengamot exit . mr weasley you be try by the full court ? harry I think so , yeah . mr . weasley ( concerned ) well , no matter . let 's go home . just then , percy exit and brushes by Mr. weasley without even look at he . 31 . harry er...is percy mad at you ? mr weasley ah...yes ... I be afraid we have a bit of a row . he , well , he sided with fudge and the rest of we sided with dumbledore , so percy leave . they begin walk away from the courtroom , when they come upon fudge talk quietly with lucius malfoy , stand at the mouth of the corridor Harry have recognize earlier . lucius well , well , if it be not patronus Potter . ( pause ) the Minister here be just tell I how very lucky a escape you just have . quite astonish ... snakelike , in fact . harry what be you do here ? lucius come now , Potter , I really do not think that private matter between the Minister and myself be any concern of yours . lucius move closer to Harry . lucius ( lowly ) all you need to concern yourself about be ... you dream , Potter . and lucius smile malevolently at Harry . lucius step back and turn to the Minister . lucius shall we continue this in you office , fudge ? fudge certainly . Harry watch they go . 32 . harry if he want to talk to the Minister , why down here ? mr weasley dunno , Harry . some thing be just beyond comprehension . as he speak , Mr weasley glance down the long , dark hallway , with a worried look . int . grimmauld place - day Harry stand in the kitchen of grimmauld place , surround by ron , Ginny , Fred , George , hermione , sirius , lupin , Mr and Mrs weasley , and tonk . ron ( shouting ) I know it ! in the background , Ginny , Fred , and George be dance a strange jig . fred , GEORGE , and ginny ( sing ) he get off , he get off , he get off ! hermione hug Harry again . ron glower at she . mr weasley settle down , you three ! the chant and dance die away . Mrs weasley exit the Kitchen . mr weasley sirius , we see fudge talk with lucius malfoy on level nine again . tell dumbledore , next time he come in , would you ? sirius yeah , absolutely . mr weasley well , I would better be off . I have get a bewitch vomit toilet to deal with . fred George , remember that concept . vomiting toilet . 33. GEORGE right you be , Fred . mr weasley also , I be cover for tonk on guard duty later tonight , so I will not be back until late . Harry 's scar explode in pain . he yelp , and clap he hand to he forehead . sirius Harry ! Harry gasp with pain and fall to he knee . then , as suddenly as it have come , the pain vanish . shaken , Harry gasp as sirius help he over to a chair . sirius you all right , Harry ? harry yeah ...just ... my scar ... the pain be get stronger . sirius give a worried glance to lupin , who look grim . int . bedroom - day Harry sit on he bunk , think . sirius enter the room , but Harry barely react , still gaze into space . sirius Harry , I have get something that might interest you . Harry look up . sirius sit on the edge of the bed and brandish a old , tatter photo . Harry take it . sirius this be the original order of the Phoenix . found it while we be clean . Harry look down at all the smile face . sirius there 's mad-eye and dumbledore , right next to dedalus diggle ; marlene mckinnon , she be kill two week after this be take ... ; ( more ) 34 . sirius ( cont would ) then there 's Frank and Alice longbottom , torture into insanity by death eater ; lupin , of course .. ( pause ) ah , Edgar Bones , they only ever find bit of he ; caradoc dearborn , he vanish six month later ... ; hagrid , of course ; gideon and fabian prewett , it take five death eater to finish that two off ; I , of course ... ; and there they be ! Harry watch he parent beam up at he . harry my parent . he watch the picture for a long second . harry I miss they , sirius ... sirius I know , Harry , I know . I miss they too . he put he arm around Harry . sirius it 's not fair that I get to spend so much time with they and you do not ... Harry close he eye . harry why would they have to die , sirius , why ? sirius I do not know , Harry . I wish I do , but I do not ... there be a long moment of silence . sirius I know I be not you father , Harry , but I will always be there for you , if I can help it ... harry thanks . 35 . the door crack open , and a ugly , menace house elf enter , look around suspiciously . kreacher ( mutter ) that mudblood with the scar , he cry , why do he cry so ...? sirius kreacher , get out of here ! now ! kreacher oh , how the old mistress would weep to see the traitor in she house ... the elf exit . harry who .. who be that ? sirius kreacher . he 's be alone with the house for year , he 's go a bit funny . ( pause ) you would better get some rest . sirius get up and exit . ron and hermione burst into the room second later . hermione Harry , ron and I , we have be name House prefect ! she hand Harry a letter . there be a few second of parchment rip . hermione what about you , Harry ? but there be no prefect badge in Harry 's letter . he shake he head . hermione be you sure ? I would have think you would get one ! harry I be sure . nothing . 36 . there be a awkward moment . harry so...congratulation ron , hermione ... hermione well ... thanks Harry . ron come on , let go back downstairs ! harry yes , do go enjoy yourselves . Harry lay down on he bed away from they . he hear they leave . he be alone . ext . hogwart express - day the hogwart express rush past the moor of scotland on its way to hogwart . soon it be night again . ext . hogsmead - night Harry , Ginny , ron , and hermione exit the hogwart express and move quickly though the crowd of student to the carriage that would take they to the castle . as they prepare to climb into one of the carriage , Harry stop and stare towards the front of the carriage . there be a large reptilian , horse - like creature harness to the front whereas always before there be nothing . harry what be that ? ron ( look ) what ? harry ( point ) that ... that ... thing ! ron stare for a long moment , then look at Harry . ron Harry , there 's nothing there , mate ... 37 . harry yes it be , it 's right there ! he point . ron shake he head . luna lovegood I see they too , Harry . Harry turn to she . luna lovegood be a spacy - look girl , yet pretty in she own right . harry er... you be ? luna luna . luna lovegood . harry well , thanks luna . they clamber into the carriage , luna follow . it start move . int . carriage - night Harry look out into the darkness of the hogwart ground . he spy hagrid 's hut in the dark . all the light be off within . harry hagrid 's cabin look desert . hermione I hope he 's all right ... ron what if he be still on he ... he glance at luna , who have vanish behind the latest edition of the quibbler magazine . ron -.- what if he 's still on he mission from dumbledore ? harry yeah , could be . moment later the carriage halt , and the student pile out . 38 . int . hogwart great hall - night hogwart headmaster , professor dumbledore , a wizzene old man with a great white beard to he belt and long white hair , stand to address the school . dumbledore I beg a few moment of you attention , as I have a few start of term announcement . right off , we caretaker , the good Mr. filch , have remind I for what he say be the four-hundred and sixty - second time that he have a annually update list of various ban item , usually introduce by we humour expert Fred and George weasley ... Fred and George stand and take a bow to cheer , laughter , and yell . dumbledore ( cont 'd ) ..- which be post in a extensive list on the door to Mr. filch 's door . Harry grin at Fred and George . dumbledore also , we have two staffing change this year . Professor grubby - plank will be take the post of Care of magical creature post as Professor hagrid be on ... extend leave . Harry , ron , and hermione exchange glance . dumbledore additionally , we have Professor umbridge , who have kindly agree to fill the post of Defense against the Dark Arts - at this , umbridge stand and clear she throat . umbridge hem , hem , headmaster , if I could address the school ? dumbledore look take aback . mcgonogall glare at umbridge . dumbledore sit down and invite umbridge forward . 39 . umbridge thank you , headmaster . now , how be we all do tonight ? I think I would just say a few word . I be here at the Ministry of Magic 's bequest , under Educational decree twenty - two , which state that if the headmaster of hogwart be unable to fill any teach post the Ministry shall select one for the position . dumbledore incline he head . there be murmure from the student . umbridge the Ministry have always consider the magical education of we child to be of vital importance , and the pass down of this ancient and noble art must be give to the next generation , lest it be lose forever ... ( pause ) without progress , stagnation . but progress for progress 's sake be to be discourage , for we art require no tinkering . ( pause ) a balance must be attain , the new and the old , permanence and change , tradition and innovation , order and chaos . ( pause ) there be large change come soon , change walk the fine line between order and chaos . know only that this change be for the best , and to prevent the destruction of we civilization from its own decay . thank you . umbridge smile at they all , but to Harry , the smile seem a little force , a little fake . int . griffindor dorm - night Harry enter the boy dormitory . within the room be a number of poster beds . Harry go to he and sit down . also in the room be dean thomas , neville longbottom , and seamus finnigan . 40 . dean so why do not you mum want you to come back to hogwart , seamus ? harry what ? seamus I mam do not want I to come back to hogwart ... harry why ? seamus well ... because of you ... harry what do I do ? seamus she ... well , she figure 's you be , well ... you be lie about you - know - who and dumbledore 's a right nutter ... harry where would she get that from ? seamus pick up a edition of the DAILY prophet and toss it to Harry . Harry catch it and look at the front page . it read : " Harry Potter : Boy hero use lies to seek attention " with the subheading of " hogwart headmaster buy his Story . " harry so ... she believe this stuff ? seamus well ... yeah ... harry but ... but you believe I , do not you ? seamus look away . Harry turn and storm out of the dorm . ext . hogwart - night Harry sit on the top of the astronomy tower , look out over the lake and the forbidden forest in the distance , hagrid 's hut dark and forbode at the edge of the forest . 4l . hedwig sit on the parapet next to Harry . harry no one believe I , hedwig . no one ... he turn and lean against the stone parapet , then slide down to the ground , he back against the cold stone . harry I be alone ... hedwig take off into the night , fly over the castle . dissolve ext . hogwart - day the sun rise over hogwart School of witchcraft and wizardry . int . hogwart - day Harry run down the hall of hogwart . he skid around a corner , and push through the door to the defense against the dark art classroom . int . CLASS - day the whole class look around at Harry as he come staggering in . harry sorry , Professor ... professor umbridge smile , toad - like , at Harry . umbridge hmm , let 's see , five point from gryffindor for come in late . Harry frown , but sit down next to ron and hermione . umbridge now , as I be say before Mr. Potter interrupt with he antic , you Defense against the Dark Arts education have be rather fragment and disjoint in you past class , have not it ? ( pause ) know now that this be about to be rectify . ( more ) 42 . umbridge ( cont would ) I will be follow a pre-approve Ministry - prepare , theory - center Defense lesson plan . she wave she wand at the blackboard and word be write down on it . umbridge copy this down . everyone open they book and begin copying , except hermione , who sit with she book unopen , she hand in the air . umbridge ignore she . however , within the next few second , nearly the whole class be watch hermione . umbridge sigh . umbridge yes ? hermione I want to know something about you course aim . umbridge well , they should be perfectly self - evident . hermione well , I do not think they be . they say nothing about actually do spell . umbridge ( laugh ) I can imagine no circumstance in my class where you would need to use spell , my dear ! hermione but surely the whole point of Defense against the dark art be practical application ? umbridge miss Granger , this class have be approve by Ministry expert . be you a Ministry expert ? hermione no , but - 43. umbridge then you have no business challenging that who be . we will be learn about spell in a safe , risk - free environment - hermione but we have get o.w.l.s come up ! you expect we to do the spell with no practice ? harry what good 's theory in the real world ? umbridge this be school , not the real world , Mr. Potter . there be nothing out there wait to get you . harry what about Lord voldemort ? the whole class flinch at the sound of the name . umbridge ten point from gryffindor , Mr. Potter . let I set the record straight . she stand behind she desk , lean on she knuckle . umbridge some of you have be tell that a certain dead wizard have return . this be a lie . Harry stand up , knock he book to the ground , a look of livid rage on he face . harry it-is-not-a-lie ! umbridge Mr. Potter , you have just land yourself in detention ! Harry move around he desk stiffly , tremble with rage , he eye dangerous . 44 , harry so , accord to you , cedric diggory drop dead ? or be you call I a murderer ? umbridge the boy 's death be a tragic accident . Harry have reach the desk . he slam he fist against the wood , thrust he face right up to umbridge 's , glaring at she . harry it be murder ! I see it happen ! the class be deathly still . parvati patil be cover she mouth . umbridge Mr Potter , you have earn yourself a week 's worth of detention ! harry yeah , talk to somebody who care . voldemort kill cedric , and you know it . umbridge snatch a quill up and scribbles a note , and hand it to Harry . umbridge that go to Professor mcgonogall , dear . Harry rip it from she hand and storm out of the room . int . hall - day Harry storm down the hall , turn a corner , and practically kick open the door to mcgonogall 's office . int . mcgonogall's office - day Harry stomp in and hand the note to mcgonogall . she take it and glance at it . mcgonogall be this true ? do you shout at Professor umbridge ? 45 . harry yeah . but she call I a liar ! mcgonogall my dear boy , do use you common sense ! umbridge be report directly to fudge . she be here to ... interfere ... with dumbledore . and thing could get much worse , trust I . ( pause ) use caution , always , Potter . do not mess with dolorus umbridge , she be dangerous . the order 's hand be tie at hogwart , Harry . if you get too deep into trouble , we may not be able to get you out . do you understand ? harry yes , Professor . mcgonogall good . off you go . int . gryffindor common room - day Harry , hermione , and ron sit in a corner of the large common room , try to ignore the talk and chatter go on all around they . hermione how can dumbledore let that horrible woman teach ? and when we be take we owl test too ! ron you reckon she 's here to spy on we ? hermione well , not we specifically , but definitely dumbledore and the order . at that moment , angelina johnson come up to they . angelina ( angrily ) well , way to go , Potter . you detention be at the same time as Quidditch practice ! 46 . harry oh! sorry ... angelina yeah , well , you be go to have to get out of it somehow . we be hold tryout for keeper now Wood 's go , and I want to have the whole team there . harry I will never get out of it , angelina . angelina well , just ... do not do it again ! and she storm off . int . courtyard - day Harry , ron , and hermione be head back inside to the gryffindor common room . the sun be set in the distance . ron well , Harry , shall we start on snape 's report ? harry later , I have get detention . hermione good luck , Harry . harry thanks . int . umbridge's office - night the door to she office creak open , and Harry enter . umbridge ah , Potter . sit down . Harry sit in a chair right in front of she desk . umbridge you be go to be do line , tonight , Mr. Potter , and you will be use this quill . the quill be blood - red and sinister look . 47 . Harry take it . umbridge you will write " I will not tell lie " until I tell you to stop . understand ? harry there 's no ink . umbridge oh ... you will not need ink . Harry begin to write , then gasp in pain . he look at he hand , and find that " I will not tell lie " have carve itself in the skin of he hand , and the quill have write the word on the parchment in bright red blood . then the word heal over again , on he hand . Harry glance at umbridge , who be smile evilly . umbridge Problem , Potter ? Harry shake he head and return to he line . he gasp after write it again , the word on he hand have get deeper . gritting he tooth , he force himself on . dissolve Harry 's shaking , weak hand scratch the final line of the evening , the word on the back of he hand not even heal any longer , but bleed profusely . umbridge that 's enough for this evening . same time , tomorrow , and we will see if we can get the message to sink in a bit deeper . Harry stagger to he foot , weak and pale , and stagger from the office . int . hogwart - night Harry exit umbridge 's office and stagger down the hall and around a corner , then break into a terrify run . 48 . int . hallway - night Harry move down the dark hallway again , slowly , meaningfully . lock door be all around he , lining the wall as far down as he could see . he break into a jog , and then a run , then a sprint . the door rush past he . suddenly a invisible force grab he and pull he along , faster and faster , the door a blur . then he see the end , a blind light , which he blast into with a smack , and as the light fade , he catch a glimpse of a further room , beyond the light , for only a instant . then it too be go , and Harry awake with a yelp , hand press against he scar , which be burning horribly . he rub it , until the pain go away . int , gryffindor common room - day hermione step into the common room , look puzzle . hermione hey , Harry . he look up from he parchment . hermione have you see ron ? I can not find he anywhere . Harry shake he head . harry no , I have not . hermione he 's be act fishy all week . he 's up to something . Harry pack up he parchment . harry ( absentmindedly ) uh huh . he stand . harry another night , another detention . 49 . int . umbridge 's office - night Harry scratch away with the horrible quill , gritting he tooth , determine not to make a sound . sweat bead on he face , and blood be flow freely from the cut on he hand . umbridge that 's enough for tonight , Potter . let 's see that hand . she reach out and touch he hand . instantly , pain explode in he scar and Harry leap back as if electrocute , stumbling due to blood loss . he clutches at he scar in agony . Harry stare at she in horror . she grin unpleasantly . he stagger backward and out the door to she office without another word . int . hogwart hallway - night Harry attempt to run down the hallway , sway on he foot as a drunk . blood pour down he hand , dribble onto the floor . he stagger toward the portrait hole back to the gryffindor common . it stand open , and Harry pass through it . int . gryffindor common room - night the Quidditch team stand around , talk . ron spy Harry . ron Harry ! I try out for Quidditch keeper at the tryout ! I be on the team ! everything stop as they take in the sight of Harry , pale and gaunt , barely stand , with one hand clutching he scar and the other hang limply at he side , cover in blood . ron Harry -- bloody hell ! Harry 's knee give out , and he fall to the floor . Fred , George , ron , and hermione lift he up . 50 . hermione he 's get to be take to the hospital wing . harry ( weakly ) no. can not give ... umbridge the satisfaction ... fred umbridge do this ? ron you say she be make you do line ! they settle Harry back down . harry she be . but the quill have some sort of spell on it . it use blood for ink . hermione that old hag ! she 's sick ! hermione look horrify . hermione oh , Harry . you have get to go to dumbledore . you can not keep this up . harry no , I be tell anyone . hermione Harry , I really think you should tell -- harry no ! Harry climb slowly to he foot . harry I do not need he help . I do not need anyone 's help . he push past they and limp up into the boy 's dorm . int . great hall - day Harry sit at the gryffindor table , bent over a parchment , he quill scratch away . he look up , finish . ron and hermione join he . hermione be stare up at the teacher 's table . hagrid 's chair be still empty . hermione hagrid 's still not back yet . I hope he 's all right . harry I have ask sirius about it . he indicate the parchment . hermione pull it towards she . she look startle . hermione Harry , you can not write to he ! Owls be be intercept , it be not safe . harry do not worry , hermione , I write it in code . anyway , I figure I need to tell someone about umbridge . my scar hurt again last night in detention . ron always know she be a bit fishy . hermione you think she 's work for you - know - who ? harry well , it 's a possibility , be not it ? hermione look dubious . hermione I suppose so . he could have she under the imperious curse , though it 's unlikely . dumbledore have know . Harry lean in even closer . 52 . harry yeah , but dumbledore do not have a choice , do he ? she have be send here by the Ministry . hermione unfurl a copy of the Daily Prophet . ron anything about Harry ? hermione no , nothing . ( pause ) wait ! look at this ! she slap the paper down on the table . Harry and ron lean closer . hermione ( read ) '' trespass at Ministry . sturgis podmore have appear before the wizengamot with charge of trespass and attempt robbery at the Ministry of Magic on the 31st of August . he be arrest when find try to break into a top-security door at one in the morning . podmore be convict and sentence to six month in azkaban . '' harry sturgis podmore ? ron wait , he 's one of the order ! hermione glare at ron . hermione quiet ! ron do you s’pose it be a frameup ? they stop talk . Dean Thomas walk by . dean come on , we will be late for charm if we do not hurry . ron right. 53 . Harry take back the parchment and stand . harry you go on without I . I want to send this . they part way . int . owlry - day Harry step into the owlry , the floor cover in straw and hundred of owl hoot softly on many roost . harry hedwig ! hedwig flutter down to he . he give the parchment to the owl . she fly out of the open window and soar away , out of sight over the forbidden Forest . Harry watch the forest . a huge animal which appear to be a winge reptilian horse . Harry frown . behind he , the door creak open . he turn to see cho chang enter . harry cho oh ...hi . do not think anyone else would be up here . she move to a brown school owl . there be a awkward silence . cho have you find a new keeper for quiddich ? harry yeah , my friend ron weasley . she tie the package to the owl . cho he any good ? harry well , he make the team . I miss the tryout . she let go of the owl and it fly out the window . 54 . cho yeah , umbridge . you be really brave , stand up to she . Harry straighten , smile . harry yeah ... well , it be the truth . the owlry door burst open again . argus filch charge in . filch right , Potter . i’1l have what you be send . harry what ? filch I have have a tip -off that you be order a large quantity of dungbomb ! now hand it over . harry you be too late , it 's go . filch look furious . cho yeah , I see he send it . filch regards she for a moment , then turn back to Harry . filch I get a single whiff of a dungbomb in this castle , Potter ... and you be mine . he turn and depart . there be a silence for a moment as Harry and Cho process what have happen . cho um , you be not order dungbomb , be you ? harry no. 55 . cho I wonder why he have think you be . ( pause ) well , see you , Harry . she turn and leave the owlry . Harry smile . hermione ( v.o. ) what a load of rubbish ! ext . hogwart courtyard - day hermione , Harry , and ron be make they way back up to the castle . ron and Harry be in quiddich robe and cake in mud . ron be look upset . hermione you , order dungbomb . I mean , really . harry yeah , it do not make any sense . hermione unless whoever tip filch off be interested in read you mail , Harry . I mean , do not it seem a little too coincidental that filch be tip off when you happen to be send a message to sirius ? Harry look thoughtful . harry yeah , that do seem weird . you figure its umbridge ? hermione I do not know . just then malfoy appear close by . malfoy hey , weasley ! Nice job out on the field today ! you 'il be we best player on the pitch ! harry get bent , malfoy ! 56 . draco and the other slytherin laugh . ron shake he head as they walk . ron no , he 's right . I be useless out there . complete rubbish . harry it 's you first practice . do not worry about it . ron look unusually pale . ron I be gonna make a fool of myself out there . Harry gasp and rub at he scar . hermione be you all right , Harry ? harry yeah . its just ... the pain 's get stronger . ron and hermione exchange glance . int . gryffindor common room - night Harry , ron , and hermione sit near each other in the common room . around they , people talk , laugh , and study . hermione sigh and shut she book with a SNAP . hermione I do not know how we be ever go to pass we o.w.l.s in Defense against the dark art without any practice ! that umbridge woman be so ... she look at Harry and ron . hermione we have get to do something about she . the boy stare at she . 57 . ron yeah , well , poison should do the trick . hermione do not be silly , ron . not she , I mean she teach . we be not go to learn anything in that class . harry yeah , that 's true . hermione anyway , I think we should do it ourselves . ron do what ? hermione Defense against the Dark Arts . we would teach ourselves . harry I do not know ... there be a tapping sound come from the window . they turn and look . ron Hermes ? he go to the window and open it . Hermes deposit a letter in ron 's hand , turn , and vanish out of the window again . the last gryiffindor head for bed , leave the common room desert except for the three of they . ron open it and return to he seat . ron it 's from percy ! harry read it . ron '' dear ron , congratulation on become a prefect . for some time I be worried you would take the ' Fred and George 's route instead of follow in my footstep . ( more ) 58 . ron ( cont would ) you can imagine my relief that this be not the case . '' he look incredulously at Harry and hermione . hermione keep read . ron '' give you attachment to use I as a role model , I will give you a bit of advice from one respecter of authority to another . ( pause ) it be likely that you have be see quite a lot of Harry Potter of late . I must recommend you break tie with that boy as soon as possible . he may be dumbledore 's favorite , but dumbledore may not be in charge at hogwart much longer . you loyalty should lie with the Ministry of Magic , not dumbledore and Potter 's personality cult . ( pause ) please do not fear break tie with Potter . if trouble arrise , go to dolore umbridge , a truly delightful woman . ( pause ) I hope you will carefully consider my advice to you , ron . do not let the dangerous error of dumbledore , Potter , and unfortunately we parent lure you into destroy a perfectly good career . percy . '' ron look up , aghast . harry well , if you want to , ah , '' break tie '' with I , I swear I will not get violent . ron tear the letter in half . ron he be the world 's biggest git ! he hurl the piece into the fireplace . sirius watch it ! 59 . ron jump , startle . harry sirius ? sirius right you be . get you letter and though we should talk in person . he crane he neck at the burn letter . sirius what be that ? harry letter from percy . ron yeah , full of the usual rubbish . hermione except he do mention that dumbledore might not be in charge here much longer . sirius it do not surprise I . fudge want dumbledore out . harry why ? sirius he 's worried dumbledore be try to turn the student against the Ministry . hermione well , that would explain why umbridge be not teach we anything useful in Defense against the Dark Arts . sirius exactly . the Ministry do not want you train in combat . harry what do he think dumbledore be go to do , raise a army ? 60 . sirius that 's exactly what he 's worried about . fudge be get more paranoid about dumbledore every day . there be a nervous silence in the room . harry what do you know about umbridge ? sirius she 's a nasty piece of work . apparently she hate part-human . harry could she be a death eater ? sirius the order seriously doubt it . she 's no picnic , but she 's no death eater either . harry but she 's evil . sirius the world be not split into the order and the death eater , Harry . Harry sit back , look unsatisfy . sirius as to you question about hagrid , well , no one be really sure what happen to he , actually . he be suppose to be back a while ago . hermione what ? sirius dumbledore 's not worried about he , though . hagrid 's tough . he 'il be all right . ron but if he be suppose to be back by now ... 61 . sirius look , ask question about he will only make it more obvious that he 's not back . suddenly he glance with concern at the wall of the fireplace . sirius get out of here ! his head vanish . a split second later , a stubby - finger hand appear in the fire , grop for sirius 's head . the three of they run for they dormitory . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night Harry lay on he bed , fast asleep . he dream ... dissolve int . department of mystery - night Harry stroll along the darken corridor , pass the many grey door . there be only one door that interest he . it lie at the end of the long hall , pure white light shine through the gap between door and jam . Harry move towards it , bath in shine light . he reach out he hand to the door and grasp the handle . it be lock . he shake the handle and hit the door . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night Harry 's eye snap open . he rub at he scar , wince in pain . int . great hall - day hermione open she edition of the Daily Prophet and sit up in alarm . hermione I can not believe it ! Harry and ron glance at she . she slap the paper down on the table . 62 . ron ( read headline ) '' Ministry pass Educational decree number twenty - Three : dolore umbridge appoint hogwart High inquisitor '' ? he look at Harry and hermione . ron what 's that mean ? hermione it say here that the High inquisitor have the power to inspect all of the teacher . harry you be kid ! hermione that 's not all . the High inquisitor also have the power to sack teacher as well . Fred and George march by . fred so , see the news have you ? GEORGE personally , I envy you three . ron why 's that ? GEORGE umbridge be inspect mcgonagall in you period . that old toad will not know what hit she . he look at Fred wistfully . GEORGE oh , to be a youth again , to experience the innocent glee of watch umbridge be destroy by the great head of gryffindor this century . fred well , we will expect a full report after . 63 . GEORGE complete with facial expression . and they wander off . int . divination CLASS - day professor trelawney stand before she class . trelawney greeting my child . I sense even now that many of you have already make the transition into the beyond ! umbridge smile , toad -like . trelawney today we will be continue we interpretation of prophetic dream . please divide into you group and discuss you recent night time vision use the text as a guide . ron and Harry open they book , while listen to trelawney and umbridge . umbridge and how long have you be at this post ? trelawney near to sixteen year I have be the guide to young seer possess of the Inner sight . umbridge make a note . umbridge I understand you be the descendent of the famous seer cassandra trelawney ? trelawney I be . umbridge and you be the first since cassandra to have the second sight ? 64 . trelawney this thing tend to skip ... several ... generation . umbridge of course . she make another note . umbridge now , if you would kindly make a prediction for I ? trelawney seem to swell with indignation . umbridge the Inner Eye do not see upon command ! umbridge smile unpleasantly and make a extensive note . trelawney become agitate and look around wildly . she step up to Harry , who recoil slightly . trelawney my dear boy , you dream diary , if you please ! Harry nervously hand he diary to she . she take it with tremble finger and gaze at it for only a moment . she drop it back to the table and give a little scream . trelawney my dear boy ! my poor boy ! this dream be evil portend ! Harry look at the page . harry ( read ) '' dreamt I be at breakfast eat oatmeal '' ? trelawney stare at he for a moment . umbridge smirk in the background , make more note . trelawney yes , yes , oatmeal ! be you tell I you can not see the sign ? the foretelling of suffer and death ? harry er... 65 . trelawney perhaps you be not as in the beyond as the other . she sweep from Harry 's table . umbridge well , if that 's the best you can do , Professor , I will be go . ext . hogwart - day leave , now a molt brown color , drift off of the tree around hogwart . it be now October . ext . hogsmead - day hermione , ron , and Harry walk down the crowded street of hogsmead , avoid the swarm of other student . harry where be we go , hermione ? she lead they on confidently . they stop before a slightly seedy look pub . hermione there we be . ron '' the hog 's head , '' hermione ? she lead they towards it . hermione come on , I 'il explain in a minute . int . hog 's head - day the three of they step into the pub . it be grimy and ill-lit . Shady witch and wizard sit uneasily in corner . except for one corner by the front window , which be populate by Dean Thomas , neville longbottom , lavender brown , parvati and padma patil , Cho chang , luna lovegood , katie bell , alica spinnet , angelina Johnson , colin and dennis crervey , ernie macmillan , justin finch -fletchely , hannah abbott , ANTHONY goldstein , michael corner , terry boot , Ginny weasley , Fred and George weasley , lee jordan , zacharias smith , susan bone and five other who Harry do not know . 66 . Harry look questioningly at hermione . harry hermione , what 's go on ? hermione this be some people I mention my Defense against the Dark Arts idea with . she sit down . Harry and ron follow . harry you mean about we teach ourselves ? neville hey , Harry . harry hey , neville . luna ( dreamily ) it 's good to see that the horn snorkle - stack have not get you yet , Harry . Harry look confuse for a moment . harry uh... same to you , luna . hermione beat on the table to quiet everyone . hermione hi , everyone . I think it would be good if we meet and talk over how we want to teach ourselves Defense against the Dark Arts . ( pause ) because we need to learn it properly , not the rubbish umbridge be do . fred hear , hear ! hermione obviously , this will help we pass we o.w.l.s , but more importantly , it give we the ability to protect ourselves from ... Lord voldemort . 67 . several people jump or wince in fear at the name . hermione take a shudder breath , look exhilated . she look at Harry . harry that 's the first time you have say he name . hermione look pleased . zacharias how do we know you - know - who 's really back ? GEORGE dumbledore believe he be . justin finch-fletchly you mean dumbledore believe he . he nod in Harry 's direction . hermione that 's true , but I think we be drift from the purpose -- harry it 's okay , hermione . he look at the crowd . harry I believe voldemort 's back because I fight he last year . dumbledore 's already tell the school that . if you do not believe he you will not believe anyone . there be a tense silence . hermione well ...anyway ...uh , I think that in order to learn properly we ’1ll need a teacher . neville but we be all student . none of we have the experience to -- ginny someone here do . 68. everyone look at she . she be stare directly at Harry . harry I ? michael corner I for one would like to know why Potter 's qualified and the rest of we be not . ginny ( defensively ) well , he 's only confront you - know - who himself four time and live to talk about it . susan bone one of the portrait say you would kill a basilisk in the chamber of secret with that sword in dumbledore 's office . harry uh... well , yeah , I do . lee jordan blimey , Harry ... half the crowd look awestruck . lavander brown wow ... fred can not forget that he save the sorcerer 's Stone from you - know - who in he first year . the patil sister 's eye be wide with respect and astonishment . cho and last year he get through the triwizard tournament ! there be mutter of agreement . ron not to mention you duel with you - know - who all alone and he still could not kill you ! 69 . ginny and you fight off that dementor that attack you this summer . hermione look tremendously pleased . hermione so all in favor of take lesson from Harry ? she hold up she hand . ron , Ginny , Fred , George , neville , luna , Dean , Lee , Katie , alica , angelina , and Susan raise they hand . then , after a moment , the rest raise theirs as well . hermione where be we go to meet ? neville what about a unused classroom ? harry that might work . i’1l look into that . hermione ok , good . she pull a parchment out of she bag . hermione I think we should put we name down , so we know who be here . suddenly people look uncomfortable . ernie I do not know ... if it be find ... I mean , umbridge would not like what we be do ... hermione honestly , Ernie , do you think I have just leave it lie around ? besides , its enchant . Ernie look more comfortable . Fred and George eagerly sign , as do the rest , even Cho 's friend marietta sign . hermione also , what should we call ourselves ? 70 . angelina what about the anti-unbridhe League ? hermione we need something that do not give away what we be do . ginny I think it should be dumbledore 's Army . there be excited agreement . Harry smile at she . hermione dumbledore 's Army it be , then . the d.a. for short . Fred and George stand , along with lee. hermione we will let you know when we be go to meet . the meeting break up . ext . hogsmead - day Harry , ron , and hermione trudge back up towards the castle . hermione I think that go well . harry yeah . hermione and do you see Cho , Harry ? harry ( stiffly ) what about she ? hermione well , she could not keep she eye off you , could she ?! Harry give a little smile . int . hogwart hallway - day Harry , carry a load of schoolbook , walk alone down a stone hallway . angelina come run up to he . angelina Harry , you will not believe ... that umbridge woman ... this be too much !! harry what 's she do now ? angelina follow I . int . hogwart hallway - day Harry and angelina approach a large billboard surround by murmure student . they push they way through . a large parchment hang from the wall . harry '' by order of the hogwart High inquisitor : all student organization , society , team , group , and club be henceforth disband . permission to reform must be approve by High inquisitor umbridge . no student organization can exist without the knowledge and approval of the High inquisitor . any student find to be a part of a illegal organization will be expell immediately . '' angelina be furious just look at it again . angelina she refuse to allow we to reform the gryffindor team . we have to go to dumbledore to get she to allow it . Harry be extremely angry . harry not only that , but what about the d.a.? 72 . int . gryffindor common room - night Harry be pace in front of the fire . hermione and ron sit on chair , watch he . harry this be not a coincidence . he look at ron and hermione . harry she know . ron she can not ! harry look , we do not know how many people could have overhear we meeting and tell she . ron or somebody at the meeting could have blabbe to she . hermione no , they could not have . the parchment we all sign be enchant , like I say . no one can betray the d.a. without we know . Harry stop pace and grin at hermione . harry what would we do without you , hermione ? she beam at he . hedwig flutter in the open window and collapse to the floor . harry hedwig ! hermione she 's hurt ! hedwig hoot softly . ron she do not look very good . 73 . hermione Harry , you would better take she to Professor grubby - plank . she ’1ll know what to do . Harry scoops hedwig up and run through the portrait hole . int . hogwart hallway - night Harry step out of the portrait hole . mcgonagall come around the corner . mcgonagall Potter ! he stop and turn to she . mcgonagall where on earth be you go at this time of night ? harry it 's hedwig . I think she 's be attack . mcgonagall what ? she step closer and peer closely at the hurt owl . mcgonagall yes , I think you might be right , Potter . she look at Harry . mcgonagall where be she come from ? harry London . he give she a significant look . she nod . mcgonagall well , give she to I . i’1l run she down to Professor grubby - plank . Harry hand hedwig to she . she take the owl carefully . 74 . mcgonagall there you be . she straighten and move down the hall , then stop . she turn to look at Harry . mcgonagall bear in mind , Potter , that channel of communication in and out of hogwart be be watch , will not you ? harry yes , Professor . mcgonagall good . now , off to bed . she vanish around the corner . Harry turn and go back through the portrait hole . int . gryffindor common room - night Harry step back inside the common room . hermione and ron have go to bed . he be alone . dobby Mr. Harry Potter ! Harry turn to see dobby stand in the middle of the room . harry dobby ! what be you do here ? dobby dobby be clean , sir . he seem to want to say something more . harry what be it , dobby . dobby dobby ... dobby wish he could help Harry Potter . dobby have hear he mutter in he sleep . harry do not worry about it , dobby . but I do not think you can help I . dobby 's ear droop . 75 . Harry collect he book , then stop . harry actually , there be something you can do , dobby . dobby brighten instantly . harry I need a room where twenty - eight people can practice Defense against the Dark Arts without the teacher know . especially Professor umbridge . dobby leap into the air and clap he hand . dobby dobby know of the perfect place , Harry Potter ! it be the room of requirement , sir . you can only use the room in time of great need . whatever you need will be there for you , Harry Potter . harry that 's brilliant , dobby ! dobby look pleased . dobby dobby can show you now , if you wish , Harry Potter . Harry think for a moment . harry better not , dobby . School be pretty intense right now . we will do it ina few month , before the holiday . ext . hogwart - day we glide over the landscape , the leave gradually vanish from the tree and snow begin to drift into sight as we pick up speed . we sail into the snowstorm over the hogwart Grounds , past hagrid 's empty hut and into the Quidditch stadium . 76 . ext . quidditch pitch - day visibility be low . player scatter everywhere . lee jordan ..- and slytherin be up forty to ten . alica with the quaffle ! alica spin through the blizzard , try desperately to see . two shape emerge from the snow . they be crabbe and goyle , the slytherin beater . both of they take a swing at she . she twist completely around on she broom and the club swish harmlessly past . she push forward to the slytherin goal and hurtle the quaffle . blocked by the slytherin keeper ! below , in the stand , there be a groan from the gryffindor side . from the slytherin , there be a chant . slytherin weasley be we King , weasley be we King , he always let the quaffle in , weasley be we King ! Harry pull up near to ron , who be look grimly sick to he stomach . harry just ignore they , ron ! ron do not acknowledge he . several slytherin , in possession of the quaffle , bear down on the gryffindor goal . they throw the quaffle . ron dive and miss . a loud go sound . another groan from the gryffindor . lee jordan ( v.o. ) another ten point to slytherin . the score be now fifty - ten in favor of slytherin . malfoy pull up on he broom near ron as well . malfoy I should thank you , weasley . you be definitely we best player ! he laugh . 77 . just then , the snitch blast past malfoy . he take off in pursuit . Harry rocket after he at top speed , ignore the bite of the snow against he face . he and malfoy give chase , follow the snitch at top speed . malfoy be still far closer than Harry . then the snitch bank sharply . both draco and Harry turn with it , though now Harry have pull even with draco . they be inch from the snitch . they reach with all of they might . Harry 's hand inch out in front of draco and close around the snitch . draco 's finger scrabble on the back of Harry 's glove hand . the crowd go wild . Harry straighten , triumphant . behind he , without warning , crabbe emerge from the blizzard and crack Harry across the back of the head with he beater 's club . Harry slump forward , and nose - dive into the pitch , roll to a stop look daze . there be a groan of sympathy from the crowd . the other gryffindor land and run to Harry . hermione Harry , be you all right ? he be help to he foot by Fred and George . draco Bet you love that , Potter ! save weasley 's neck , do not you ? the gryffindor ignore he . draco I have never see a worse keeper ! maybe we should add some more verse to we little song . about he filthy mother ! George try to leap at draco . Harry and Fred hold he back . draco and he pathetic loser of a father too ! Fred attempt to charge draco too . other gryffindor be restrain they now . 78 . draco but then , you like the weasley , do not you ? how can you stand the stink ? I guess it remind you of you own dear mother ! Harry turn and run full out at draco , who look startle as Harry leap at he , crushing he fist into draco 's jaw and knock he to the ground . George break free of the gryffindor and follow , hit malfoy too . Harry leap onto draco , hit he again and again . madam hooch impedimenta ! she blast Harry and George with she spell , knock they off of malfoy . mcgonagall storm onto the pitch , gryffindor scarf flap wildly in the wind . mcgonagall ( shouting ) what on earth do you two think you be do ? Harry roll to he foot and go for malfoy again . madam hooch stand between they , she wand point directly at Harry . hooch do not make I stupify you , Potter ! Harry stop , breathe hard , glaring dagger at malfoy , who be curling in a ball , bleed and cry . mcgonagall come right up to Harry and grab he hard by the elbow . he finally turn he attention to she . she be pale and grim-face . mcgonagall my office . now. int . mcgonagall 's office - day George and Harry stand in front of mcgonagall 's desk . she stand on the other side of it . 79 . mcgonagall in all my thirty - nine year at this school , I have never see such a disgusting display . harry malfoy provoke we . mcgonagall of course he want to provoke you ! he no just lose ! she stare at both of they . mcgonagall I can not express in word the disappointment I feel right now . the door open and umbridge step into the room , smile sickly . mcgonagall what be it , dolore ? umbridge I think you might need some additional authority in deal with this two . mcgonagall you think wrong . now kindly remove yourself from my office . she turn back to George and Harry . mcgonagall now , I do not care what malfoy say . you performance out there be shameful . fifty point from gryffindor , and I be give you both a week 's worth of detention . umbridge I hardly think that 's a adequate punishment for this . she hold up a parchment . 80 . umbridge Educational decree twenty - five . it give I , as High inquisitor , the power to give punishment and privilege , and to alter that give out to student by other member of the staff . she turn to Harry and George . umbridge so , I think a life -long ban from play quidditch should do the trick for both of this . oh , and this one 's twin as well . he be go to attack malfoy as well . Harry and George be stunne . harry Ban we ... for life . umbridge yes , indeed , Mr. Potter . she move towards they . umbridge ah , I will take you broom as well . she confiscate the broom too . umbridge well , have a wonderful day . she sweep from the office . Harry look to mcgonagall . harry you have --! mcgonagall my hand be tie , Potter . int . gryffindor common room - night the atmosphere in the common room be somber . the gryffindor team sit by itself , deject and depressed . 81 . angelina I can not believe it ... three player ban for life in one day ... ron I be go to resign . Harry be slump low in a chair . harry you can not ! ron I be horrible ! I should never have join . harry if you quit , we will be out four player ! ron look miserable . ron this be the worst day of my life . hermione be stare out of the window . hermione I know something that could cheer you up . ron hermione , give it up . hermione hagrid 's back ! int . hagrid 's hut - night Harry , ron , and hermione have take seat around the hut , at the table and in chair . hagrid boil some water over the fire . his face be cover in cut and bruise . harry hagrid , what happen to you ? hagrid I have fine , I tell yeh ! 82. ron come off it , hagrid ! we be not blind ! hermione be it because of the giant ? there be a silence . hagrid can 's answer tha’ , I be afraid . top secret , that be . Business of the order . harry we know you be look for giant , hagrid . dumbledore say so last year . hagrid oh . well , yeah , I be , then . go with Madame maxime . take we a month to get to they camp . ron a month ? hagrid o’ course ! can 's do magic , not with the Ministry followin’ we all the way . plus , giant be not fond o’ wizard . Don 's trust ‘em . harry so what do you do when you find they ? hagrid wait ' till mornin 's an’ then march righ 's in . ext . giant valley - day hagrid and madam maxime march into the camp , eye fix firmly on the gurg . hagrid hold a large branch of everlasting FIRE above he head . the gurg sit some distance away , sit on a large stone seat , surround by other giant servant . the giant stare at hagrid and maxime , flabbergasted . they slowly move aside for they to pass . 83 . hagrid and maxime bow before the gurg . hagrid ( v.o. ) we give ' ema gift , jus’ like dumbledore say . gave ‘em a branch o’ gubraithian fire , everlasting flame . ( pause ) Giants love magic , see , jus 's not too fond o’ wizard . nuthin 's a giant love better than magic . the gurg smile and hoist the branch of fire into the air . the giant roar and yell around they . stick the branch into the ground , the gurg beckon hagrid and maxime foreward . harry ( v.o. ) what happen then ? hagrid ( v.o. ) we sit down , an’ have a talk . well , mostly they listen good . but there be good sign . ( pause ) well , they do ' till tha’ night . tha 's when everythin’ go wrong . hagrid and maxime watch a great battle in the valley below they . they stand on the mountain side . hagrid ( v.o. ) there be a coup . nex 's mornin’ there be a new chief . hagrid and maxime walk back towards the New gurg the next day . this gurg be evil- look and grin at they nastily . hagrid ( v.o. ) we go back ter see what we could do with this new chief . two large bodyguard block the way to the new gurg . they grab hagrid . maxime blast they with spell from she wand . they drop hagrid . 84 . there be a earth -shake roar from all around they . Giants charge they from every direction . maxime and hagrid flee back up the mountain . hagrid ( v.o. ) an’ then thing get even worse . death eater arrive , an’ the new chief be all happy ter be seein 's they ! several death eater , face conceal behind they black cloak , approach the new gurg , who beckon they to speak . hagrid ( v.o. ) we figure , jus 's cause some o’ the giant be favorin’ you - know - who do not mean all of ‘em be . the coup ha 's drive the ol 's chief 's supporter into some cave , so we wen’ in after ‘em . maxime and hagrid walk into a dark cave , wand glow . ron ( awed ) you go into cave look for giant ? hagrid ( v.o. ) we foun 's enough , an’ they seem interested -- at first . then the new chief 's lot raid the cave . twere not many survivor , an’ none o’ they want anythin’ to do with we after tha’ . int . hagrid 's hut - night there be silence . rom so ...no giant be come ? hagrid well , not righ 's away . we bring we message , an’ I expec’ a fair few will remember it afore the end come . 85 . int . room of requirement - night Harry stroll into the room of requirement , look at the assemble group that make up dumbledore 's army . harry glad to see all of you could find this place all right . neville hey , Harry , what be all this stuff ? scatter around the room be many device such as dark detector and sneakascope . harry load of Defense against the Dark Arts equipment . hopefully we ’1ll be able to get to all of it before the end of term . he pace in front of they . harry you need to understand something before we start , though . defend yourself from the Dark Arts have less to do with magical ability and more to do with think fast and a lot of luck . ( pause ) we will be do expelliarmus tonight , though hopefully we can move on to other thing if we have time . zacharias oh please . Professor lockhart teach we that in second year . ron lockhart do not teach as much as prune himself . harry besides , it work . I use it against you - know - who last June . it save my life . Zacharia fall silent . 86 . harry right . well , let 's split into pair and give it a go . int . room of requirement - night Harry stroll among the student amid shout of '' expelliarmus '' , check everyone 's progress . he reach neville and ron , who be practice together . neville expelliarmus ! ron 's wand flip from he hand across the room . harry well do , neville ! he shout down the other . harry look here , you lot ! neville 's really get the hang of this one . ( to neville ) go ahead again . Fred toss ron 's wand to he . neville swirl he wand . neville expelliarmus ! ron 's wand do it again . neville I do it ! I do it ! Harry clap he on the shoulder . harry never forget this spell , neville . it could save you live some day . he move to the front of the room again . harry okay , everyone . we have do a lot today , and I have see some great improvement . that 's it for now . we ’1ll meet back here , same time next week ! 87 . people begin to drift out of the meeting . Harry go about , straighten the room up . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night Harry lie in bed . he dream again ... int . department of mystery - night we float along a dark corridor , inch from the floor . we come to another corridor and peer down it . it appear empty . a great python of a snake slither down the empty corridor . it slowly make its way past many door , until it reach , at last , another , larger door . behind it , a invisibility cloak fall to the floor ina shimmer of silver . Mr. weasley stand , draw he wand . he fire a golden jinx at the snake . he miss . the snake strike . Mr. weasley scream . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night Harry yell at the top of he lung , eye tightly close . he make bite motion with he mouth , snarling madly . a seizure take he . he scream in rage and horror , he entire bed shaking with he thrashing . int . department of mystery - night the snake strike Mr. weasley again and again . blood splatter against the wall and floor . Mr. weasley scream again . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night ron , seamus , Dean , and neville leap out of they bed . Harry scream again , a unearthly sound of horror , anguish , and blood lust . ron and neville sprint to Harry 's bed . neville what 's wrong with he ? 88. Harry scream again . his eye snap open and they be pure white , without pupil . he make the bitting motion again , thrashing wildly . ron get mcgonagall ! go! neville turn and run out of the dorm . int . weasley home - night Mrs. weasley sit in she live room drink a mug of tea . on the other side of the room stand the weasley's clock . it chime . she look up , and then stand , move closer to it . Mr. weasley 's hand grind over to the hour label '' moral peril . '' the mug of tea shatter on the floor . Mrs. weasley clutches at she mouth in dread and horror . int . department of mystery - night the snake strike again . Mr. weasley , eye flick everywhere and see nothing , stagger into the wall and fall to the ground , leave a bloody smear to mark he descent . the snake abandon the door and slither away at top speed . int . gryffindor boy dorm - night Harry still struggle madly . ron Harry ! harry ! Harry blink , and he eye be normal . he come to himself , only to let out a shriek of burning agony . he clutches at he scar , eye crossing and unable to focus . he roll off the bed and onto the floor , where he writhes in abject pain . neville return with mcgonagall . mcgonagall Potter ! 89 . she run to he , thrust she candle into neville 's hand . she fall to she knee next to Harry and try to touch he . her hand touch he skin and he yelp as if burnt . she back off . Harry vomit all over the floor . take a step back , mcgonagall draw she wand , look uncertain what she will do with it in any case . then , as suddenly as it have begin , it stop . Harry slump over , unmove . mcgonagall be at he side in a instant . she roll he over . his eye be close . mcgonagall wake up , Potter . wake up . please ... Harry 's eye open . he sit up , look frantic . harry Mr. weasley 's be attack ! mcgonagall you dream this , Potter ? harry no , I see it happen ! I ... I be there ... ron be look pale . mcgonagall you be sure this happen , Potter ? harry ( shouting ) yes ! we have get to do something or he will die ! mcgonagall we be go to see the headmaster , potter. ( pause ) weasley , you have best come too . int . dumbledore 's office - night mcgonagall open the door lead to dumbledore 's office and lead Harry and ron inside . 90 . dumbledore look up from where he be seat at he desk . dumbledore Professor mcgonagall , and ...ah ... dumbledore do not look at Harry , even acknowledge he presence . dumbledore what can I do for you ? mcgonagall well , Potter have have some kind of nightmare ... harry it be not a nightmare ! well , I be asleep , but it be not a normal dream . it be ... well , real . I see , well -- Mr. weasley have be attack by a giant snake . ron be look very pale . dumbledore how do you see this ? how be you position when you see it ? harry oh. uh ... I be the snake . I see it from the snake 's perspective . dumbledore be Arthur seriously injure ? harry yes ! dumbledore stand and look up at the portrait of previous headmaster and headmistress of hogwart . two of they be watch the proceedings . dumbledore you be listen ? everard naturally . dumbledore raise the alarm . we must make sure Arthur be find by the right people . 91 . everard and dily move out of they frame and do not return . dumbledore many of we previous headmaster and mistress have portrait in other institution , allow they to move between they . he motion for all of they to sit . they sit . dumbledore move to fawk . dumbledore fawk , we will need a warning . the phoenix vanish in a blast of fire . dumbledore sit back at he desk and pull a silvery , whirring instrument to he . it emit some smoke that form itself into the shape of a serpent , then split in two . the two serpent coil around each other . dumbledore naturally , naturally . ( pause ) but in essence divide ? Harry and ron exchange confuse look . everard return to he portrait . dumbledore what news ? everard I shout until someone come . they carry he up second ago . he do not look good . cover in blood ... dily return to she portrait at this time . dily dumbledore , I have just see they arrive at St. mungo . apperate there moment ago . he look really bad . dumbledore good. ( to mcgonagall ) ( more ) 92 . dumbledore ( cont would ) minerva , the rest of the weasley will need to be awoken . she nod and depart . dumbledore again turn to the portrait hang on the wall . dumbledore phineas . phineas black open he eye and stare at dumbledore . dumbledore phineas , I need you to visit you other portrait . tell sirius what happen and that we be come to stay for a while . phineas it 's late , dumbledore ... dumbledore stare at he . phineas I be go , I be go ... he vanish . dumbledore take a black pot and tap it with he wand . dumbledore '' portus . '' mcgonagall return with Ginny , Fred , and George in tow . ginny Harry , what 's happen -- dumbledore you father have be injure in the course of he work for the order . he be alive and arrive at St. mungo 's Hospital for magical malady and injury only moment ago . he pick up the pot and step around the desk . dumbledore we , however , be go to sirius 's house until the morning . we be merely wait for phineas to return . 93 . a flash of flame appear over fawk 's perch . a single feather float to the ground . dumbledore fawk 's warning . umbridge know you be out of bed . minerva , head she off . tell she anything you can think of . mcgonagall depart again . phineas return to he portrait . phineas he say he have be delighted . dumbledore beckon everyone over to he . dumbledore we be go by portkey . they all grab the pot , and vanish . int . grimmauld place - night they reappear in the kitchen of grimmauld place . sirius hurry in . sirius there you be . he look at dumbledore , but the headmaster have all ready disapperate . ginny we have get to go to St. mungo 's . sirius no , you can not . GEORGE we can go where we please . sirius we can not go yet . it would look to suspicious if you lot show up fifteen minute after Arthur arrive because Harry 's be see vision of thing happen hundred of mile from hogwart . 94 , George , livid with rage and fear , shove he face near sirius 's . GEORGE that 's we father out there die ! sirius I can not let you leave . I be sorry . he slowly draw he wand , hold it loosely at he side . the point be not lose to anyone . fred you do not even care ! you would not even understand ! sirius stare at he incredulously . sirius I be part of the first order . I lose my best friend to you - know - who . his eye flick to Harry . sirius he 's all I have leave of they . believe I , I do not want Arthur to die . ( pause ) but there be some thing worth die for ! Fred and George look very much cow by the haunt look in sirius 's eye . finally , they sink into chair around the table . George put he head in he hand . Fred simply stare at the wall . Ginny be weep softly . ron put he arm around she . Harry sit away from they , by himself . dissolve int . grimmauld place - day Fred and Ginny lay slump in chair , doze . the rest be sit silently . the front door open , and Mrs. weasley bustles in . Fred and Ginny wake with a start . 95 . ginny mum ! int . entry hall - day the weasley get up and hug they mother all at once in the entry hall . Harry get up and walk wearily out into the hall . he stand back , watch , as the weasley be reunite in the hall . yet Harry be forget in the background . he stand apart from they , look on , a intruder to they grief . finally they separate . mrs . weasley you father 's alive . he 's go to make it . there be relief evident on all of they face . Harry turn and leave , re-enter the kitchen . int . kitchen - day Harry set down several plate , then look at sirius . harry sirius , I - - he stop . sirius look at he . sirius you can tell I , Harry . harry when I see the attack , well , I be the snake . sirius what ? harry I feel the fang like they be mine , see through the snake 's eye like they be mine ... sirius look concerned . 96 . harry I think I might be go mad . there be a horrible silence . sirius look uncomfortable . sirius nonsense . you be just tired . you have have a rough night . harry but what if there 's a snake inside I ? sirius you have tell dumbledore this ? ( off Harry 's nod ) then there 's nothing to worry about . ext . london - day Mrs. weasley , ron , Ginny , Fred , George , moody , and tonk walk up to a run-down storefront with a single mannequin in the display window . tonk move right up to the window . tonk we be here to see Arthur weasley . the mannequin beckon to they with its finger . tonk step into the glass and vanish . the rest follow . int . ST . mungo - day they enter a crowded reception area pack with witch and wizard who have be damage or injure in the course of they magical life . many move around wear white robe with the insignia of a wand and bone cross over each other . Mrs. weasley march very determinedly through the crowd . mrs . weasley this way , come on ! int . ST . mungo 's hallway - day moody and tonk stop outside the door . 97 . tonk we will wait outside at first , Molly . it should be family first . Mrs. weasley nod and push she child through the door . Harry hold back , but she beckon to he . mrs . weasley do not be silly , Harry . you too . and she ushere he inside . int . ward - day there be three patient in the ward . Arthur lie in the farthest bed by the window , propped up on several pillow and read the paper . mr . weasley hullo , everyone ! Mrs. weasley bend down and kiss Arthur . mrs . weasley how be you , dear ? arthur I be absolutely fine . if they could take the bandage off , I have walk out of here in a jiffy . he hug Ginny with he good arm . fred how come they have not take they off , then ? arthur oh , I start bleed like mad . the snake have some strange poison in it . keeps the wound open . but they 'il find a cure , do not you doubt . George lean in close . GEORGE what be you do when it happen , dad ? mr . weasley that 's my own business . 98 . fred you be guard it , be not you ? this weapon thing ? mrs . weasley that 's enough ! she look at Arthur . mrs . weasley moody and tonk be outside , Arthur . they have like a word . she look at she child . mrs . weasley all of you , out , if you please . they turn and leave . Mr weasley call Harry back . arthur Harry , stay a moment . Harry return to the bed . arthur I never thank you properly . harry there 's no need -- arthur but there be , Harry . if you have not have you vision , no one would have find I in time . so ... thank you . Harry smile , then depart . int . ST . mungo 's hallway - day the door to the ward be close . ron be listen with he ear to the door . they lean close to the door . int . ward - day tonk .».- we searched the whole floor , Arthur , but we could not find that snake . why a snake , anyway ? 99 . moody he probably send it as a lookout . see what he 's up against . that 's the close he 's ever get to it . ( pause ) so , Potter say he see the whole thing ? mrs . weasley yes . you know , dumbledore seem like he 's be wait for something like this to happen . when I speak to he this morning , he seem very worried about Harry . moody he should be . I mean , if you - know - who be really possess he ... moody trail off . int . ST . mungo 's hallway - day Harry straighten and look at the other huddle outside the door . they be stare at he in unmistakable fear . Harry look away from they . there be a silence . lockhart hullo . they turn . hermione Professor lockhart ! lockhart look puzzle . lockhart Professor ? me? do I really ? well , I expect I be hopeless at it ! he rub he hand together briskly . lockhart now , I ’1ll expect all of you will be want my autograph ? harry uh , sure ... just then , a healer emerge from a double - door nearby . 100 . healer ah , there you go , gildroy . she come up to they and gently take he elbow . healer he keep wander off , hand out autograph , do not you know ? it 's a good sign toward recover he memory , the poor dear . ron yeah , sorry about that , mate . lockhart peer at he . lockhart have we meet ? ron yeah , it be my wand that backfire on you . healer be it ? what a coincidence ! she take lockhart back in through the double -door . Harry , ron , and hermione follow . int . permanent ward - day the healer sit lockhart down in a chair . there be other apportion section of the room . healer this be we long - term resident ward , for permanent spell damage . well , I must go ... she bustles away . mrs . longbottom come along , neville . Harry and the other turn . ron hey , neville ! neville turn bett -re , and look away . his grandmother look at the three of they . 101 . mrs . longbottom Friends of yours , neville ? ( pause ) ah , yes , Harry Potter . good to meet you , finally . and a weasley . she turn to hermione mrs . longbottom and you must be miss Granger . neville 's mention you . ron who be you visit , neville ? Mrs. longbottom turn to neville . mrs . longbottom you have not tell they ? hermione told we what ? mrs . longbottom neville 's dear parent be torture into insanity by you - know - who before he disappear . auror , you know , very well respected . just then , alice longbottom , neville 's mother , emerge from behind the parition . she beckon tentatively to neville , who go to she . she gently , almost reverently , hand he a candy wrapper . mrs . longbottom another one , Alice ? all right , come on , neville . neville be still stare at he mother , who smile at he , then disappear again . neville turn , lock eye with Harry , and depart . as he go , he slip the wrapper into he pocket , as if it be he most treasure possession . hermione and ron watch he . hermione I never know ... poor neville . 102 . int . grimmauld place - day Mrs. weasley , Harry , Ginny , ron , Fred , George , hermione , moody , and tonk walk into the entry hall of grimmauld place . Mrs. weasley look at Harry concernedly . mrs . weasley be you all right , Harry dear ? you look like you be go to be sick . he do not answer , but march up the stair and shut himself in he bedroom . int . bedroom - day Harry begin to pack he trunk determinedly . phineas running away , be we ? he turn to the portrait of phineas . harry I have to . phineas you know , I think gryffindor have to be brave . harry I will not hurt anybody else . phineas I see . you be run away out of nobility . you know , that 's why I hate teach . Young people always think they know what 's best , as if no one else could possibly understand thing better . Harry move to a window and open it , lean out . phineas I have bring a message from dumbledore . Harry stop and look at he . harry what be it ? 103 . phineas dumbledore say , ' stay where you be . 's harry that 's it ? stay there while the grow - up sort thing out ? phineas when in all you life have listen to dumbledore ever lead you into trouble ? whatever he reason , he have you best interest at heart , Potter . phineas move off the portrait frame and vanish . harry Fine ! go! and tell dumbledore thanks for nothing ! he tip he trunk over in anger and sit down on the bed . there be a knock on the door . Ginny walk in , look determine . harry get out ! ginny no . harry Ginny , I be dangerous . you can not be around I . ginny do you forget that I have be possess by you - know - who before ? Harry fall silent , look cow . harry I forget . ginny lucky you . anyway , that 's what I want to talk to you about . ( pause ) can you remember everything you have do this year ? there be not any blank spot in you memory ? 104 . harry no , I do not think so . ginny then you -know - who have never possess you , Harry . she sit down on the bed next to he . ginny I do not know what 's go on with you right now , but possession 's not one of they . you be not dangerous . she smile at he . finally , he smile back . harry ( mumble ) thanks , Ginny . ginny do not mention it . she hop off the bed and depart the room . int . kitchen - day Harry wander into the kitchen and open the refrigerator . sirius enter . sirius Harry , have you see kreacher ? I have not see he for day now . harry have not see he . sirius oh well . maybe he 's crawle up into the air duct and die ... must not get my hope up though . the back door be shove open and snape enter . snape Potter , excellent . I have like a word . he march over to the table and sit . snape sit , potter. 105 . sirius you know , I do not like people give order in my house . snape how unfortunate for you . now kindly get out . my instruction from dumbledore be to talk with Potter alone . sirius I be he godfather . I think I ’11l stay . snape curl he lip in anger but keep quiet . snape very well , then . I know how you like to pretend you be useful . sirius stiffen , but ignore the jab . snape it be the headmaster 's wish that I teach you occlumency , Potter . harry what 's that ? snape sneer . snape occlumency . it be a ancient form of magic that allow you to defend you mind from external intrusion . ( pause ) we begin at six -o-clock on Monday , Potter . snape stand . snape well , unlike sirius here , I do not have unlimited leisure time . sirus just a second , snape . if I hear that you be use this to give Harry a hard time , you 'il have I to answer to . snape sneer again . 106 . snape how touch . yet Potter be incredibly like he father . criticism simply bounce off of he . sirius stand and grab snape by the shoulder and roughly shove he into the wall . he glare at snape . sirius I have warn you , snivellus . dumbledore may think you have reform , but I know better ... snape push he out of the way . snape touch I one more time , Black , and you will not touch anything again . he sweep back to the door and depart . ext . hogwart - day we sail through another snowstorm back to hogwart , pass the grounds and slide through a open window . int . hogwart hallway - day Harry make he way along the hallway . suddenly Cho come around the corner . she skid to a abrupt halt , blush slightly . cho hi , Harry . harry hi. there be a awkward silence . cho er... bye then . she start to walk by . harry hey Cho ! she turn to he . harry well , uh , Valentine 's Day be the same day as we next hogsmead visit . she blushes harder . harry well , uh , would you like to , you know , go with I ? cho sure ! harry cool . she smile at he and walk away . int . snape 's office - day Harry enter snapem office . snape sit behind he to a pensive . snape sit , Potter . Harry do so . snape as you be well aware , I will be teach you occlumency . the headmaster feel you should learn this form of magic to defend yourself against the Dark Lord , who be skilled at legilimency . harry what 's that , Professor ? snape legilimency be the ability to extract thought and feeling from other . harry voldemort can read mind ? snape as usual , you have all the subtlety of a stone wall , Potter . ( more ) 107 . desk , next 108 . snape ( cont would ) the mind be not a book , of which any page can be examine . the mind be complex and multi-layered . harry so he could read we mind right now ? snape Eye contact be normally require for legilimency to work . in you case , however , thing be somewhat different . you scar have forge a connection between you and the Dark Lord . ( pause ) when you mind be most relaxed , such as during sleep , you receive the Dark Lord 's thought and feeling . the headmaster believe that it be inadvisable for this to continue . harry but have not it help so far ? I mean , it save Mr. weasley 's life , do not it ? snape yes , it do , but at the expense of we advantage . the connection between you be so powerful during you vision of the snake that the Dark Lord become aware of it . the headmaster fear that he may try to use this to he advantage , to manipulate you through false vision . snape stand and pull out he wand . Harry flinch , ever so slightly . but snape merely put it to he head and draw a glowing string of memory from he head and drop it into the snape wand out , Potter . Harry draw he wand . snape you may use any spell you can think of to try and repel I . 109 . harry what be you go to do ? snape I be go to break into you mind . ( pause ) legimen ! the spell hit Harry , who stagger backward , grimace . ext . dursley - day Harry cling to a tree branch as the dog ripper bark at he from the ground . the dursley laugh as they stand in the driveway . int . hogwart great hall - day Harry sit under the sorting hat . ext . the great lake - night Harry stand over sirius , a patronus hover over he as hundred of dementor swarm overhead . int . snape 's office - day Harry 's face be contort with rage . harry no ! a spell fire from he wand . snape dodge it . gasp , Harry fall to he knee . snape well , you stop I eventually . ideally , you should repel I with you mind . Harry climb to he foot . snape clear you mind , Potter . abandon you emotion . legilimen ! Harry stagger again . 110 . int . dursley home - day uncle Vernon nail the letterbox close ... int . department of mystery - day Harry skid to a stop and look down a dark hallway . Mr. weasley stop as well , and glance back at Harry . mr . weasley come on , Harry ! harry I have be there before ... Mr. weasley look nervous , then grab Harry 's robe and drag he along . mr . weasley now , Harry , I find that highly unlikely ... int . snape 's office - day snape lower he wand , break the spell . snape what be that ? Harry look stunne . harry I have just realize ... snape be stare at he , agitate . snape realized what , Potter ? Harry look at snape suddenly . harry what 's in the Department of Mystery , sir ? there be a stunne silence . snape regards Harry with suspicion . snape what do you say ? 111. harry that corridor , I have be dream about it for month ... it lead to the Department of Mystery , I be sure of it . snape come around the desk . he be deathly quiet , always a bad sign . snape there be many thing in the Department of Mystery , Potter , none of which concern you . there be a horrifying scream that echos through the castle . snape and Harry stare at the ceiling . snape glance at Harry , then heft he wand and sweep from the office . Harry follow . int . entry hall - night there be a huge crowd of student stand at the top of the stair lead down into the entry hall . there be another unearthly wail . Harry push he way through the crowd until he can see . trelawney stand at the bottom of the stair , look craze and turn in circle , she wand out and clutch in she hand . trelawney ( shriek ) you can not sack I ! umbridge I can do whatever I wish ! trelawney this be my home ! umbridge be grin evilly . umbridge not anymore . she point at the door with a stubby finger . 112. umbridge now remove yourself from this castle ! dumbledore she will not be leave . behind umbridge , the crowd part slowly , and dumbledore move down the step . umbridge I have the authority , headmaster ! dumbledore oh , I agree with you , Professor umbridge . you do have the power to dismiss my teacher . however ... he look at trelawney , who stand alone in the entry hall , smile at dumbledore through she tear . dumbledore ... you can not send they from this castle . that be still my decision . Professor trelawney will remain here . umbridge turn to he , furious . umbridge and what of she quarter when I appoint a new teacher . dumbledore happily , that will not be necessary . I have find a successor for good Professor trelawney already . as you know ... umbridge be look mutinous . dumbledore ... the Ministry can only appoint new teacher if I can not find one . I think you will find he suitable enough . the great oaken door lead to the grounds swing open , revealing a ebony - skinned centaur . it be firenze , who save Harry in he first year . dumbledore this be firenze . 113 . umbridge be thunderstruck . int . library - day Harry , ron , and hermione be huddle around a table . ron so you be say this weapon you - know - who 's after be in the Department of Mystery ? harry it 's get to be . hermione that 's get to be what surgis podmore be do in the Ministry when he be arrest . harry probably . Mr. weasley be probably there when he be attack , too . that must be what the order 's guard ! ron but why the Department of Mystery ? hermione it make perfect sense , ron . it 's get to be something the Ministry 's be develop . something top secret . Harry nod in agreement . hermione pick up a copy of the Daily Prophet grimly . hermione look at this . there 's be a mass escape from azkaban . ron bloody hell ! Harry stare at the front page picture of ten witch and wizard . harry they be all death eater ! 114 . hermione nod fearfully . hermione yes . Harry grit he tooth . harry voldemort . dissolve int . hogsmead - day the sun rise over hogwart as Harry , ron , and hermione stroll down the main street of hogsmead . Cho quickly find Harry . cho hi , Harry ! Harry grin sheepishly at she , avoid look at ron. hermione have fun , Harry . meet I in the Three broomstick after . there 's something you need to do . harry ok . he go to Cho , and they leave together . int . madam puddifoot 's - day outside , it rain . Harry and Cho sit awkwardly opposite each other at a small table . Valentine 's Day decoration accost the eye at every turn . cho you know , cedric and I come here last year . before ... Harry look away , and see several couple kissing . he look away . 115 . cho I -- I have be meaning to ask you for age ...but ... I mean ... Harry look at she . she be beginning to tear up . harry what ? cho did--did cedric say anything about I before he ... he -- die ? harry oh . uh , no , there be not really much time ... Cho burst into tear . Harry try to console she . harry look , maybe we should talk about something else ... cho I think you have want to talk about it ! I think you have understand ! she stand up so suddenly the table rattles . the teashop have go deathly still . everyone watch they . cho see you around , Harry . she walk out . Harry stand and run after she . ext . hogsmead - day Harry stagger into the rain , look around frantically . but Cho have disappear . get wetter by the minute , he give up and slowly make he way over to the Three broomstick . int . three broomstick - day he enter and see hermione . she 's sit in a booth with luna and rita skeeter , a reporter . Harry sit down . 116 . harry what 's this all about ? rita that 's what Little miss perfect be about to tell we . Harry glance at hermione . hermione right , well , I figure that with all of the negative press out about Harry , he should have a chance to defend himself . ( pause ) all of the detail . what happen last summer . the truth about sirius Black and voldemort , not to mention the name of all the death eater still on the loose . rita lean across the table . rita the Prophet will never publish that . go against the public mood . hermione well , it do not matter . we have find a publisher for the article . rita who ? luna look away from the window . luna my father . he 's the editor of the quibbler . rita laugh out loud . rita the quibbler ? ( to hermione ) you think people will take Harry Potter seriously if he 's publish in the quibbler ? it 's nothing but a conspiracy theory , cock - and - bull story tabloid ! 117 . hermione some will not believe Harry , that 's true . but every person we do convince be one more ally . rita shrug , and pull she quill from she bag . hermione so , Harry . ready to tell the public the truth ? harry yeah , I guess so . hermione sit back and sip she drink . hermione Fire away , rita . ext . hogwart ground - day the snow on the ground have melt . the sky be clear and the sun shine brightly . spring have come . int . great hall - day Harry , ron and hermione sit at the gryffindor table eat breakfast . a owl drop a letter on Harry 's plate . hermione open it and pull out a copy of the quibbler . Harry 's smile face grin at they from the front cover . hermione look , Harry ! it 's you article ! then , a dozen more owl drop letter on Harry . he cover he head as they rain around he . harry what on earth ? hermione beam at he . hermione fan mail , Harry ! response to the article . umbridge which article be that , dear ? 118. umbridge have appear at they table , smile toad - like . harry I have just publish a article tell the real story about what happen last June . umbridge instantly turn a ugly shade of purple in she rage . umbridge where be this article ? hermione hand she the quibbler . umbridge right , I will confiscate this . anyone find in possession of this magazine will be expell . she stalk off . hermione giggle in triumph . harry what ? hermione she 's do it to herself . ban the article will only make people want to read it more ! int . room of requirement - night Harry stand before the d.a. again . harry we have be do so well , I think we would work on some defensive block spell tonight . int . room of requirement - night wand wave and spell fly through the air . Harry pace through the student . harry that be really good . with a crack , dobby appear . 119 . dobby Mr. Harry Potter ! he look absolutely frantic . Harry turn to he . harry what be it , dobby ? the House - elf have go quiet , clamping he hand over he mouth . dobby she -- he stop , terrify . harry who , dobby ? dobby shake he head . harry be it umbridge ? dobby nod . Harry look up , horrify . dobby force he arm down and take a breath . dobby she know , Harry Potter . she 's come ! Harry open the door with a wave of he wand . harry get out of here ! now ! there be a mad rush to the door . Harry usher they all out safely , and exit . int . hogwart hallway - night Harry pelt up a hallway . he be hit in the back with a spell and fall to the ground . malfoy leap from behind a statue . draco get you , Potter . ( pause ) over here , Professor ! I have get one ! 120 . umbridge hurry over . umbridge it 's he . well do , draco ! ( to Harry ) on you foot , Potter . we be go to see the headmaster ! she turn to draco . umbridge search everywhere for the other , draco . round they all up . check everywhere , bathroom , the library , empty classroom . we must find they ! draco nod and hurry off . int . dumbledore 's office - night umbridge shove Harry into dumbledore 's office , which be fill with people . mcgonagall , cornelius fudge , kingsley shacklebolt , another auror , and percy weasley . dumbledore you may be High inquisitor of this school , Professor umbridge , but kindly do not manhandle my student . fudge look pleased . he clap he hand and rub they excitedly . fudge well , well , well , Mr. Potter ! I expect you know why you be here ? Harry glance at dumbledore . the headmaster shake he head , ever so slightly . harry not really , no . fudge you do not ? you have not break any school rule ? harry School rule ? no. 121. fudge or ministerial decree ? harry not that I know of . umbridge open the door again , lead marietta , Cho 's friend , into the room . she have be cry , and she face be cover in pimple form the word '' sneak . '' umbridge I be afraid the poor girl be unable to speak . but I shall tell you what have transpire . ( pause ) shortly after dinner she come to I and say that if I go to the room of requirement I would find a illegally - form student group . ( pause ) it be at that time that this hex take affect . she gesture to marietta 's face . umbridge since I have receive information some time ago that Potter and a number of other student have meet in the hog 's head to start a illegal group -- — dumbledore I be not sure that 's true , Professor . umbridge I be sorry ? dumbledore in point of fact , when young Potter meet that student it be not illegal . umbridge but two day later , Educational decree twenty - four be introduce . dumbledore again , quite correct . however , I wonder if you have any evidence that prove this group have be meeting since then ? umbridge I have a witness right here ! dumbledore correct again . I must confess that I be , however , under the impression that this young girl only tell you a meeting be go on tonight . umbridge let 's ask she , shall we ? she turn to marietta , who be stare at the wall . umbridge you can shake you head for a answer , dear . now , have there be more meeting ? 122 . slowly , still stare at the wall , marietta shake she head . umbridge what do you mean by shaking you head , girl ? dumbledore I would think that she be say there have be no other meeting . would that be correct ? she nod . umbridge but what about Potter ? he be the leader , and have be -- to umbridge 's astonishment , marietta be shaking she again . umbridge why be you shaking you head , girl ? mcgonagall it usually mean ' no , 's dolore . umbridge grab marietta by the cloak and shake she dumbledore stand , and there be anger in he voice . he wand and point it at umbridge . head yet roughly . he draw 123 . dumbledore again , I can not have you manhandle my student , Professor umbridge . she laugh , softly , and let marietta go . umbridge my apology , headmaster . I forget myself . fudge well , what about the meeting tonight ? umbridge right . of course . well , we proceed down to the room and enter . ( pause ) we catch Potter just outside . but it do not matter . we have find all of they name . she pull the roster list hermione have make up from she pocket . Harry gap at it in horror . fudge gape at it as well . he snatch it out of umbridge 's hand . he look up , a expression of twisted delight on he face . fudge so , dumbledore , you have be behind this whole thing . he hand the paper to dumbledore , who look at it . he seem suddenly at a loss for word . fudge ( harsh whisper ) dumbledore 's Army . dumbledore smile pleasantly and spread he hand widely . dumbledore well , Minister . you have catch I . fudge this have all be you do ! you have be recruiting student for you army ! 124 . dumbledore quite correct , cornelius . fudge I know it ! I know it ! you have be plotting against I all this time ! dumbledore ( pleasantly ) that 's right . fudge this be too good to be true ! Harry turn to dumbledore in horror . harry Professor , no ! dumbledore quiet , Harry ! fudge yes , shut up , Potter . so , you will be come with we to the Ministry -- dumbledore ah , yes . I be wonder when we would hit that little snag . fudge I see no snag , dumbledore . dumbledore but I do . you seem to be labor under the delusion that I would ' come quietly . 's fudge resisting arrest , now be you , dumbledore ? dumbledore precisely . you see , I have absolutely no intention of go to azkaban . the auror next to kingsley slowly move he hand towards he pocket . dumbledore do not be silly , hawkes . leave the wand there . 125 . the man stop . fudge you would really take on two auror , dolore , and myself , dumbledore ? dumbledore naturally . all of you do rather well on you spellwork at this school , but if you attempt to take I in by force , I be afraid I shall have to hurt you . in one motion , all of they draw they wand . Harry dive for cover . dumbledore be fastest . there be a instant of blinding light as spell blast in all direction . a spell strike dumbledore 's desk with a bang , and explode . Dust fill the room . there be a shout and some scuffling of feet , another bang , and silence . Harry blink and stand as the dust settles . dumbledore have not move . fudge , the auror , dolore , kingsley , and percy be all lay on the floor , unconscious . dumbledore 's desk have be break in half , and all of the table overturn . he move swiftly to mcgonagall , Harry , and marietta . dumbledore be you all right ? mcgonagall be stand , dusting herself off . mcgonagall yes , we be fine . ( pause ) oh , where will you go , albus ? dumbledore I be not go into hide . fudge will soon regret remove I from hogwart . Harry move to dumbledore 's side . harry I be so sorry , Professor ! 126 . dumbledore smile at he . dumbledore it 's fine . now listen to I , Harry . keep study occlumency ! do everything Professor snape tell you . he grip Harry 's shoulder . dumbledore Close you mind ! you will understand , in time . fudge be stir . dumbledore Lay back down . they must not think we have have time to talk . they do so . he move to fawk . fudge open he eye . dumbledore grab onto fawk 's tail , and the two vanish in a blast of FIRE . fudge find he ! umbridge , percy , kingsley , the auror , and fudge race from the office . mcgonagall usher Harry and marietta out of the office . int . great hall - day Harry sit next to ron and hermione . umbridge stand up from the staff table , hold a parchment . umbridge '' by order of the Ministry of Magic : dolore Jane umbridge will replace albus dumbledore as head of hogwart School of witchcraft and wizardry . '' she look over they all smugly . 127 . umbridge my first act as you new headmistress be to form a inquisitional squad , lead by draco malfoy . they will report directly to I about the going on in the hall of this school . Harry glare at she . umbridge furthermore , we good caretaker , Mr. filch have request we reinstate the ' old punishment . 's I have decide that there be no reason we should not . filch stand at the back of the hall , grin like a kid at Christmas . ext . hogwart courtyard - day Harry , hermione , and ron head towards the hogwart Grounds . ron be dress in he Quidditch robe . harry be you sure you can not ? hagrid say it be important . ron no way . Quidditch practice . if I do not show up , angelina 's 1ll go mad . they part way . ext . forbidden forest - day Harry , hermione , and hagrid march through the forbidden forest . hermione hagrid ... we have be walk for a good hour . hagrid its jus 's up ahead , here . harry could you tell we what it be , hagrid , please ? 128. hagrid all righ 's . well , I be showin’ yeh this , because tha’ umbridge woman put I on probation . I can 's last much longer afore I get sack like trelawney . hermione we will not let she ! hagrid bah . be not the end o’ the world . if I do , I will go help dumbledore . grea 's man ... ( pause ) anyway , I woudn 's tell yeh ' cept for tha’ . I can 's leave withou 's makin 's arraingmen 's , see ? ( pause ) I 's all need all o’ yer help . hermione of course we will help . hagrid take a great sniff and clapped she on the back , cause she to stumble slightly . hagrid knew yeh have say yes ! he pause and glance at they . hagrid okay , real quiet like from here on . they creep down the path until hagrid straighten and smile . hagrid there we be ! there be a huge body lay on the ground before they . it be a giant . hermione hagrid , I think none of they want to come ! hagrid look uncomfortable . hagrid none o’ they do , hermione ! I didn 's have much ruddy choice inna matter ! I couldn 's leave ‘im ! 129 . hermione oh , why , hagrid ? why ? hagrid he 's I brother ! there be a silence in the forest . hagrid well , half - brother anyway . I mum have ' im afore she die . ( pause ) I though 's I could bring ' im back here an’ train ' im up a bit . teach ' im a bit o’ manners . hermione be distraught . Harry be nervous . hagrid move towards he half - brother . hagrid here . i’1l introduce yeh to grawp ! he toss a rock at grawp . it bounce off he head . the giant awake , and slowly stand to he full fifteen - foot height . hagrid yeh all righ 's , grawp ? grawp give a low roar . hagrid look wha 's I brough 's yeh , grawpy ! two new friend an’ all . we ‘ave Harry Potter here , see ? an’ over here be hermy . grawp stop roaring and simply look at they . then he reach out towards hermione . grawp hermy ! Harry grab she and pull she behind a tree as the huge fist close around the air . hagrid hit grawp with a large stick . hagrid bad grawpy ! bad boy ! grawp roar in pain . hagrid we don 's attack we friend , grawpy ! grawp roar again . hagrid , hermione , and Harry flee the scene . hagrid see , he don’ know any better . Harry glare at he . hagrid anyway , all yeh need the do be go an’ talk to ‘im . give ‘ima bit o’ company . 130 . suddenly hagrid stop and look around . from the undergrowth , a large number of centaur have appear . hagrid oh blimey ... bane step into the clear . bane I think we tell you that you be no longer welcome in this place , hagrid . you or that beast you bring from afar . hagrid be not up to you who come and go in this forest . bane you stop we from invoke we punishment on firenze for become the servant of the human at hogwart . hagrid stop yeh from committin’ murder , yeh mean ! bane we way be not yours , hagrid . and now you bring that monster here ... we patience with it wane swiftly . hagrid well , you 'il tolerate ' im as long as he 's here ! the centaur paw the ground in agitation . 131. bane we allow you to pass this time , hagrid , because you have young with you . but the next time you enter this forest , you life be forfeit . the centaur vanish into the undergrowth again . int . mcgonagall 's office - day Harry enter mcgonagall 's office . she sit behind she desk . umbridge sit in the corner with a note pad . mcgonagall please sit , Potter . he sit . mcgonagall you be here to have a talk with I about you career thought , Potter . we do this so we can begin to aim you course over the next two year to prepare you for that career . harry oh , yeah . well , I do think about be a auror . mcgonagall auror . interesting , Potter . you 'il need top grade for that . challenge career path , but not unreward . umbridge hem hem . mcgonagall now then , Potter , you 's 1ll need to concentrate on Defense against the Dark Arts , potion , transfiguration , and charm to adequately prepare yourself for the general auror requirement . umbridge hem hem . 132. mcgonagall May I offer you a cough drop , Professor umbridge ? umbridge oh , no thank you , minerva . actually , I be just wonder if Potter have the proper temperament to be a auror . mcgonagall be you indeed . she turn back to Harry . mcgonagall if you be serious in this ambition , Potter , I would recommend concentrate on bring you potion and charm grade up before you o.w.l.s . I daresay you have get enough time if you apply yourself . Lord know you have consistently do well in Defense against the Dark Arts . Professor lupin -- umbridge Excuse I , minerva , but have you see my note on Potter 's current grade in my class ? mcgonagall yes , indeed I have . umbridge then I think you will find that Potter 's grade have be consistently poor this year . mcgonagall you apparently misunderstand I . I mean that Potter have do well in every Defense against the Dark Arts class teach by a competent teacher . she turn briskly back to Harry . umbridge look as though she cannot believe she ear , then flip a page on she notepad and scribbles furiously . 133 . mcgonagall now , assume you have pass all of you necessary class , the Ministry will put you through a number of character and aptitude test . harry what 's involved in they ? mcgonagall how you stand up under pressure , you perseverance , and dedication , thing of this nature . umbridge stand abruptly . umbridge Harry Potter have no chance of ever become a auror ! mcgonagall stand as well , she eye lock with Harry 's . mcgonagall I will assist you in become a auror if it the very last thing I do , Potter ! I will coach you nightly in order to get the necessary grade ! umbridege storm from the room . mcgonagall this conclude we meeting , Potter . she smile at he . he smile back . harry thanks , Professor . mcgonagall you be welcome , Potter . now hurry or you will be late for occlumency . int . snape 's office - day Harry sit down in front of snape 's desk . snape have you be practice , Potter ? harry yeah . snape well , we shall see , will not we ? 134 . he place he wand - tip to he head and extract that same memory and place it in the pensive . just then , the door open and draco malfoy step in . malfoy Excuse I , Professor . Professor umbridge say she need you right away . snape what on earth for ? draco well , sir , remember when montegue vanish over Christmas ? she say he 's turn up in a toilet on the fourth floor . snape any idea how he get there ? draco he 's pretty confuse , but I think he say something about the vanish closet . snape stand irritably . snape we will pick you remedial potion lesson up tomorrow , Potter . draco snigger . they depart . Harry look around for a moment , then stand and look the pensive . he look at the door . there be silence . he plunge he into the pensive , and he body be suck into it . ext . hogwart ground - day Harry stand next to the great lake . under a tree sit young sirius . next to he be the equally young lupin , petigrew , and lastly jame potter . into head peter James again . James lupin James be play with a snitch , let it go and sirius put that away , James . shrug and do so . sirius I be bored . wish it be full moon . snort . lupin easy for you to say . nudge sirius . sirius grin . jame this should cheer you up , sirius . look . sirius excellent ! snivellus ! 135 . catch it snape be walk by . the four of they stand and follow he . jame all right , there , snivellus ? snape turn in a flash , wand out . sirius be faster , however . snape 's wand fly from he hand . he dive for it . sirius expelliarmus ! jame impedimenta ! snape stop move , struggle against invisible rope . snape you just wait ... sirius laugh . sirius wait for what , snivellus ? you to wipe that great greasy nose on we ? 136 . several bystander laugh . James raise he wand , turn to the bystander . jame and now , the moment you have all be wait for -- lily even leave he alone , James Potter ! James turn . Harry do as well . it be lily evan . Harry 's mother . jame another charity case , lily ? lily even what have he do to you ? jame nothing . it 's more the fact that he exist , you see ... the impediment curse wear off . snape grab he wand and turn . James whirl . snape semper -- — jame levicorpus ! snape be lift into the air and dangle by a ankle . he struggle madly , he robe hang from he arm and over he head . lily even leave he alone , Potter ! James turn and smile at she . jame I will if you go out with I . lily even I would not go out with you if it be a choice between you and the giant squid ! now let he down . James shrug and gesture with he wand . snape fall to the ground . he try to go for he wand again , but sirius hexes he . 137 . sirius locomotor mortis ! lily draw she wand . lily even I say , leave he alone ! James slowly turn to regard she . the playful expression on he face have vanish . jame do not make I hex you , lily . lily even then let he go ! jame Fine ! he mutter the counter - curse and snape struggle to he foot again . jame you be lucky lily be here , snivellus ! snape I do not need help from a mud-blood like she ! James eye be blazing with anger . he point he wand , which be shaking in he hand from he rage , at snape . jame apologize to she ! now ! lily even do not make he apologize . honestly , you be as bad as he be ! James whirl on she . jame I would never call you that . she shake she head . lily even you make I sick , Potter . she turn and walk away . 138. jame lily ! hey lily ! Harry watch she go . the adult snape grab Harry 's arm roughly . Harry turn to he , horrify . snape yank on the arm and the memory dissolves around they . int . snape 's office - day there be a blast of light , and snape and Harry return to snape 's office . snape be livid with rage . he be pale , he lip thin . he be shaking . he pull Harry close with tremble finger , glaring dagger at he . snape have fun , Potter ? Harry shake he head , but snape shake he roughly , fury etched in he every feature . snape be enjoy yourself ? harry no ! snape amuse man , you father ... his lip be shaking , he tooth bare . he shake Harry again , absolutely seething . harry I -- sorry ! snape pick Harry up off the floor and fling he away from he . Harry slam into a potion cabinet and fall to the ground as glass beaker and bottle shatter around he . snape point a shaking finger at Harry . snape you will repeat what you see to no one ! Harry be already shaking he head . 139 . harry no , of course not ! snape pick up a jar of some fluid and hurtle it across he office . it shatter into the wall . snape grab Harry by the robe and haul he to he foot , shove he against the wall . snape you have better not , Potter , or you will experience a pain so horrible you will wish you have never be bear ! he push Harry away from he . snape now get out of my sight ! do not set foot in this office ever again ! Harry turn and run . int . great hall - day the whole school be gather in the great hall . Professor mcgonagall stand in front of the staff table . mcgonagall today begin you o.w. L exam . a number of Ministry instructor be here to give they . exam will take place for the next two week . exam will be split in two part , theory and practical application . ( pause ) I must warn you that the most stringent anti-cheate spell have be add to you exam papers . no student have successfully cheat on a o.w.l. in a century , though every year someone try it . ( pause ) naturally , cheating will not be suffer and anyone catch will be expell from hogwart . 140 . ext . astronomy tower - night Harry and ron stand on top of the astronomy tower , peer through telescope into the night sky . Harry 's telescope be propped on the parapet and he be lean over it slightly . below he , the door to the great hall groan open . golden light spill into the night , and six shadow move forward into the darkness . Harry and ron watch . ron oy ! that 's umbridge down there ! several other student begin to watch the proceedings take place below . Harry look panicked . harry they be head for hagrid 's ! ron and Harry exchange nervous glance . professor tofty eye back on the sky , please . the student ignore the Professor . the six shadow approach the hut , silhouett against the window of it . they open the door , and it close . professor tofty twenty minute leave on you exam , student . shadows pace past the window to hagrid 's hut . raise voice reach they . then a sharp bang be hear , along with a flash of blinding light from within the cabin . the door burst open and hagrid stumble out , clutching at he waist , follow by the other six . the six shadow fire stun spell at hagrid . 141 . harry no! ext . hogwart ground - night the red-colored spell simply impact with hagrid and bounce off of he . hawlish be reasonable , hagrid ! hagrid yell uncomprehensibly . fang leap from the open door onto hawlish , knock the man over . fang bound over to hagrid and leap in front of he , take a hex full in the chest and fall to the ground with a whine . hagrid roar in rage , seize the one responsible and hurl he ten foot through the air . the man land hard and do not move . Professor mcgonagall storm through the door of the great Hall and out into the night , fury write across she face . ext . astronomy tower - night ron point to mcgonagall . ron look ! Harry smile . ron mcgonagall 'o 1l sort this out ! ext . hogwart ground - night she march towards they . her face be illuminate every few moment by the red light of spell be fire . mcgonagall ( shouting in rage ) how dare you ! how dare you ! she break into a run . mcgonagall stop this immediately ! 142. the fire continue . mcgonagall enough ! she draw she wand in a swift motion . instantly , four of the attacker turn to she and fire they spell . before she can even react , they slam into she . she be briefly illuminate in blood -re light and then be lift from she foot and hurl backward five foot to slam into the ground . she do not move . ext . astronomy tower - night several student scream in terror . Professor tofty cover she mouth . professor tofty not even a warning ! most of the student break for the door lead back to the entry Hall , Harry and ron among they . Professor tofty follow . ext . hogwart ground - night hagrid seem to go mad with anger . hagrid coward ! he leap at the nearest attacker and crack he across the jaw . the man fall to the ground . hagrid move on to the next , and then the next . umbridge get he , get he ! but hagrid , dodging more stun spell , hoist fang onto he shoulder and flee down towards the forest . ext . hogwart ground - night student and teacher spill from the entry hall out into the night , run for mcgonagall . 143 . they surround she , several teacher lean over she . she look very pale and she eye be close . other keep the student at a safe distance . professor sprout get she to the hospital wing right away . Professor flitwick step forward and levitate mcgonagall into the air , float she up the step and into the school . they leave dozen of mutter student behind , in the night . int . great hall - day the long table in the great hall have be move aside . in they place , hundred of desk have be set up . it be at one of this that Harry now sit . professor marchbank stand near the staff table . professor marchbank before we begin , I have a update on Professor mcgonagall . she will be all right , and be rest in the hospital wing . Harry and ron look encourage . professor marchbank you may now turn you papers over and begin . Harry turn over he paper and stare at it . he begin to mark on it , scribbling answer . dissolve int . great hall - day Harry stare at the last page of he exam . he wince and feel he scar . shake he head . bend over he paper again . again the scar twinge . again he wince . the great Hall fade away . 144 , int . department of mystery - day Harry move down towards the door at the end of the corridor . the same white light glow around it 's edge as in he dream ... he pause before it , then try the handle . it open . the light overwhelm he . int . hall of prophesy - day it die abruptly . Harry stand in a huge room fill floor to ceiling with shelf . on each shelf there be many tiny golden orb . lord voldemort stand , grin coldly at a man lie on the floor . voldemort can you reach it ? can you take it for I , Black ? sirius , surround by death eater , glare defiantly at voldemort . sirius I would rather die ! voldemort raise he wand . sirius scream in agony , writhing on the floor of the dark chamber . voldemort oh , you will die . eventually . but there be hour , even day of pain await you before then . he release sirius , who slump to the floor , panting for air . voldemort I be go to enjoy this , Black . I have you , and soon I shall have the weapon . and then not even you pathetic order can stand in my way ! voldemort laugh , a horrible spine - chill laugh . the room dissolves around Harry . 145 . int . great hall - day Harry fall out of he seat , clutching at he scar in agony . Professor marchbank hurry to Harry 's side . he pull Harry to he foot and escort he out of the great Hall . int . entry hall - day Professor marchbank look at Harry , concern on he face . professor marchbank be you all right , Potter ? Harry shake he head . professor marchbank pressure of exam . it happen . take a breath , and maybe you will be ready to go back in . time be nearly up , but -- Harry be shaking he head . harry no -- no , I have do all I can . Professor marchbank nod , and return to the great Hall . he pass ron and hermione who run up to Harry . ron you all right ? harry voldemort ! he 's get sirius ! in the Department of Mystery ! ron look pale . hermione how do you know ? harry I just see it . he look out at the hogwart grounds , then turn back to they . harry how be we go to get there ? ron to the Department of Mystery ? harry we have get to do something ! ron and hermione exchange look . hermione how would voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without be see ? I mean , he and sirius be the two most want wizard in the world ... ron yeah . they can not just waltz into the Ministry of Magic ! hermione it just seem so unlikely , Harry ! Harry grab she robe and glare at she . harry I will not let sirius die ! 146 . just then Ginny , luna , Fred , and George round the corner . ginny we hear Harry yell . what 's up ? harry voldemort 's break into the Department of Mystery . he 's get sirius there ! ( pause ) he could already have the weapon ! hermione think , Harry ! voldemort know you ! he know you have rush off to save sirius . harry there be not anyone else , hermione ! everyone from the order be go ! ginny anything we can do to help ? harry no , there be not ! 147 . Ginny cross she arm , look slightly hurt . hermione yes , they can , Harry . harry how ? hermione before we do anything , we need to establish that sirius really be not at headquarters . which mean we 'il need to break into umbridge 's office . she smile , and glance at Fred and George . hermione for that , we will need a really good distraction . Fred and George grin . fred right you be , hermione . think we can whip something up , George ? GEORGE might be able to . fred just give we a few second . hermione mind you , it 's get to be really good ! GEORGE not to worry , hermione . we have get something that will outdue everything else we have do here combine . fred it 's be too quiet around here anyway . GEORGE time we do some real damage to this place . they lean close to each other and begin whisper together in excited voice . 148. hermione we will also need to keep everyone away from she office . Ginny brighten . ginny we can do that ! I and luna 'il guard the hallway . Harry smile at they . hermione we will probably only manage five minute or so . harry that 's all we will need . Fred and George straighten . fred right . you have get ten minute to get to umbridge 's office . and whatever you do , stay away from the astronomy Tower for the next couple of hour . GEORGE unless they spread , in which case , I would get out of the castle for a while . they leave . hermione turn to Harry . hermione break out you invisibility cloak , Harry . int . hogwart hallway - day Ginny and luna have take up position outside umbridge 's office at the end of the hall on either side . suddenly , there be a bang like a canon have go off , and the whole castle shake . Dust drift from the ceiling . umbridge stumble from she office , look up at the ceiling . filch tear around the corner . 149 . filch Professor ! it 's that weasley twin ! they have set something off in the astronomy Tower ! umbridge smile twistedly . umbridge ready to try out the old punishment again ? filch ( grin ) they have have this come for a long time ! they depart around the corner . a second later , the door to umbridge 's office swing open and close . int . umbridge 's office - day Harry and hermione drop the invisibility cloak . Harry race to the fireplace , snatching up a handful of floo powder . he toss it into the fire . harry grimmauld place ! the fire turn bright green . Harry stick he head into the fire . int . grimmauld place - day Harry 's head appear in the kitchen . it be empty . harry sirius ! be you here ! int . astronomy tower - day umbridge and filch race around the corner and stop dead . there be a dragon make of firework sweeping through the hallway . umbridge draw she wand and try to stop it . the spell explode harmless against the firework dragon , and it split into a dozen dragon which fly down different corridor . they break into a run after the close one and vanish down a hallway . 150 . Fred and George step out from behind a statue , laugh . fred that be worth it ! filch step back around the corner , grin evilly . filch I have get you now ! Fred and George break into a run . filch follow , along with umbridge . int . hogwart hallway - day Fred and George run full out down this hallway . draco and the inquisitional squad come around the corner ahead . Fred and George peel around , return the way they have come , but filch and umbridge block that way off . the close in on the weasley twin . Fred nod at George . George pull a nasty - look device from he pocket and drop it on the floor . it explode in a flash of light . everyone cover they eye . when it clear , there be a huge swamp in the middle of the hall and the weasley be stand well beyond umbridge and the squad . fred thank you for play , one and all . GEORGE and now , we have get to go ! they turn and vanish down another hallway . int . grimmauld place - day Harry continue to shout . harry sirius ! lupin ? hello ? kreacher what 's this ? the Potter boy in the fire ... kreacher come into view of the fireplace . 151 . harry kreacher , where 's sirius ? kreacher master go out . int . entry hall - day Fred and George skid to a stop in the entry hall near the great door lead outside . from every direction , inquisitional squad member close in on they . behind they , student and teacher pour into the entry hall . beam , and not appear the least bit afraid , Fred and George wave to people in the crowd . umbridge so , turn a hallway into a swamp be funny , be it ? fred fairly amusing , yeah . umbridge well , now you be go to learn what happen to wrongdoer in my school . filch pull out a long evil - look black whip , smile . fred this be never you school ! hogwart be dumbledore 's school ! there be a loud cheer from the student fill the hall . umbridge look around , livid with rage . umbridge well , now you be go to get you punishment right here , in front of the whole school ! Fred snort . GEORGE you know , I do not think we be . 152 . fred George , I think we have outgrown full - time education . would not you agree ? GEORGE completely , Fred . fred time to enter the real world ? GEORGE definitely . together they raise they wand . fred and GEORGE accio broom ! itn . umbridge 's office - day hermione shriek as Fred and George 's broom rip themselves from the wall and fly out the door . int . entry hall - day the broom speed to Fred and George . they leap on they . draco and some other from the inquisitional squad charge they . Fred and George kick off from the ground and into the air . Fred glare at umbridge . fred we will not be see you . GEORGE yeah , do not bother write . they wave they wand and the great door open , revealing a beautiful sunset over the forbidden Forest . fred be sure to visit we at we new premise on diagon alley ! and they dive on they broom , sailing out the door and into the beautiful sunset . 153 . int . grimmauld place - day Harry glare at kreacher . harry you know where he be , do not you ? kreacher master do not tell kreacher where he go . harry but you know . kreacher grin horribly . kreacher master will never return from the Department of Mystery ! Harry gape . kreacher cackle in he nasty way , and scamper from the room . hermione ( v.o. ) Harry ! a stubby hand appear in the fire over Harry 's head and grab he hair , yanking he back . both head and hand vanish from the fireplace . int . umbridge 's office - day umbridge throw Harry to the floor . umbridge you think you could simply walk into my office without I know about it ? foolish boy ! Harry look around the room . malfoy lean against a windowsill . hermione , Ginny , luna , ron , and neville be under guard by the inquisitional squad , they wand pile on the floor . umbridege draw she wand and wave it at Harry . umbridge accio wand ! Harry 's wand flip from he pocket to umbridge 's hand . 154 . umbridge who be you try to contact ? harry it 's none of you business . umbridge draco , would you fetch Professor snape , please ? draco leave . umbridge smile sickeningly at Harry . umbridge very well , Potter . I have be patient enough with you . draco return with snape . snape you wish to see I ? umbridge I have just catch Potter try to communicate with someone in my fire . I need some veritaserum . Truth syrum . snape well , it appear that I can not help you . I have none . he turn to leave . Harry look at he desperately . harry he 's get padfoot at the place it 's hide ! umbridge what ? what do that mean ? snape Potter , if I want nonsense shout at I , I shall inform you . he sweep from the office . umbridge be enraged . umbridge we have play nicely , Potter . you leave I no choice ! she draw she wand , move menacingly at Harry . 155 . umbridge you could have save I a lot of trouble if that dementor I send to you house have finish you off ! harry you send the dementor ? umbridge of course I do ! someone have to act ! she point she wand at Harry 's chest . umbridge crucio ! Harry scream as the curse wash over he . he slump to the ground , shaking wildly . hermione no ! please , stop ! umbridge look pleased and turn to hermione . umbridge well , well . harry hermione , no ! hermione we have to tell she , Harry ... harry I would rather die ! umbridge shut up , Potter ! now talk , you silly girl ! who be you talk to ? hermione we be try to find Professor dumbledore . we have to tell he ... umbridge tell he ? hermione that it 's ready . the weapon . 156 . umbridge 's eye be shine with eagerness . she smile at hermione . umbridge you and Mr. Potter will take I to it . int . forbidden forest - day umbridge , Harry , and hermione move through the forest . umbridge much further , be it ? hermione oh , yes . it 's very well hide . they wander around for a while in silence . a arrow land in the ground next to they . they stop , as about fifty centaur emerge once again from the underbrush . magorian what be you do in we forest ? umbridge you forest ? this forest belong to the Ministry of Magic ! the centaur move closer . umbridge stay back , you beast ! there be howl of rage from the rank of centaur . many nock and draw they bow . umbridge you cannot attack I ! any attack on a wizard by a half - breed -- hermione do not call they that ! magorian roar in anger . magorian you dare to insult we ? umbridge point she wand at he , though it be shaking in she hand . 157 . umbridge come no closer ! magorian rear up on he hind - leg and beat he chest . umbridge incarcerus ! ropes fly from she wand and wrap themselves around magorian . the centaur charge umbridge . Harry grab hermione and they leap behind a tree . they can still here umbridge scream , as the centaur surround she . umbridge ingrate ! animal ! filthy half - blood ! there be blast like a gunshot and umbridge scream again . Harry and hermione be grab by two centaur . centaur what of this two ? centaur # 2 they have be here with hagrid . they have hear the warning and disobey . they must suffer the consequence ! several tree to they leave be tear from the ground and toss aside like twig . there stand grawp . the centaur stop dead in they track . grawp roar . int . umbridge 's office - day draco pace in front of ron , Ginny , luna , and neville , smile . draco God , I can not wait until all you weasley have be expell . you stench have be foul this castle for too long . ron glare at he . ron shut up , malfoy ! 158. draco smile and punch ron in the gut . he double over . draco that 's for speak to I . you know , you weasley be just as bad as mudblood ! ron have fall near the pile of wand on the floor . draco ignore he and sneer at Ginny . draco you know , weasley , it 's really too bad Potter save you from the chamber of secret . Ginny struggle against crabbe , who be restrain she . ron snatch up he wand . ron stupify ! crabbe fall over . Ginny leap at draco , who be knock to the ground . luna calmly kick she restrainer in the shin . neville slip out of the strangle - hold he have be in and snatch up he wand . goyle wave he wand , but neville be faster . neville expelliarmus ! the wand fly away . Ginny roll away from draco , scoop up she wand . she wave it at he , and he 's blast backward into the wall . he slump to the floor . they exit the office . int . forbidden forest - day there be silence as they all stare at grawp . grawp haggar ! there be another silence . grawp see Harry and hermione . grawp hermy ! where haggar ? the centaur raise they bow to point at the giant . 159 . hermione grawp , help we ! grawp roar again and beat he chest . grawp grawp save hermy ! he reach out for they . the centaur loose they arrow . they pepper grawp across the face and chest . he roar in agony and begin stomping on the ground , as if try to squash the centaur , who scatter . Harry grab hermione 's hand and drag she away from the fight . as they depart , they hear grawp one last time . grawp ( v.o. ) grawp want haggar ! Harry and hermione reach the edge of the forest . they stop to catch they breath . harry great plan , hermione . hermione I think it work out rather nicely . harry what be we suppose to do now ? ron that 's just what we be wonder . ron , Ginny , luna , and neville appear from around hagrid 's hut . Harry and hermione look surprised . ron so , how do we get to the Ministry ? he toss Harry and hermione they wand . hermione I have imagine we should fly . harry we have get no broom . 160 . luna there be other way to fly . she nod in the direction of the forest . luna I mean , they can fly , and they be very good at find place you need to go . Harry turn around and see three thestrals watch they . harry what be that ? ron what be what ? he look right at they and do not see they . hermione there 's nothing there , Harry . luna yes , there be . they be thestrals . you can not see they unless you have see someone die . neville be quiet . finally , he look up . neville I can see they too . Harry clap he hand . harry all right , then . get on one , and we will be off . ron and what about that of we who can not see they ? luna come over to they . luna I 'il show you . int . britain - night the sun have set behind the mountain in the distance . 161 . Harry and Ginny , ron and hermione , and luna and neville be each pair on one thestral as they fly over the british landscape towarsd london . the thestrals dive . hermione give a shriek of surprise as they swoop down closer to the light of London . int . london - night they soar between building and finally set down in front of a telephone booth . ron jump off of the thestral shakily . ron never again ... ginny what now , Harry ? Harry lead the way to the telephone booth . he open the door and step in . the rest cram inside with he . int . ministry of magic - night the lift grind to a halt and the door swing open . Harry and the other step out to the receptionist area with the golden fountain . the place be deathly quiet and completely desert . they fan out , wand at the ready . Harry wait a moment . harry all right , come on . they head past the fountain and up the step into the Ministry of Magic . int . lift - night this larger lift clink downward slowly . finally , it grind to a halt . female voice Department of Mystery . the door open and Harry lead the other out . this department too be abandon . 162 . harry where be everyone ? ginny the Ministry close a half - hour ago . I expect they all go home . Harry nod grimly . harry that 's how voldemort get in unnotice . they walk until they reach the hallway from Harry 's dream . harry this be it . come on . they make they way down the long hall until they reach the door at the end of the hall . only it do not glow . Harry try the handle . it swing open . harry stay close . he step into the next room . int . room of door - night this room be large and circular . it be fill with identical door all the way around . it be illuminate by blue -flamed candle . after neville enter the room , the door swing shut with a echoing bang . ginny now where ? Harry look around , confuse . harry I do not understand . in my dream , the door be not identical . hermione well , let 's try a few . Harry nod . 163. harry yeah . I 'o 1ll know the way when I see it . he go to the first door he see and open the door . he step inside . the other follow . int . room of the veil - night Harry open the door and enter . the rest follow . the room be like a upside - down ziggurat , with huge step lead to the base of the pit . on the lowest level rest a dark , grey veil that flutter as if there be a breeze . Soft whisper fill the room . harry who 's there ? he clamber down to the veil and stare hard at it . the whisper intensify . Harry look around the room . harry sirius ? hermione there 's no one here , Harry . this be not the right room . harry do anyone else hear that ? luna I do . it 's come from the veil . they look at it . it flutter menacingly though there be no wind . Harry move closer to it , slowly . hermione ( quietly ) Harry ... his eye be lock on the veil . he walk closer . luna there be people in there ! 164 . ron what do you mean , people ? hermione Harry , I think we should leave . Harry reach out he hand towards the veil . hermione come up behind Harry and grab he arm . he try to pull away from she , eye still lock on the veil . the whisper have intensify into harsh moan as Harry be only foot away from the veil . hermione Harry , we be here for sirius , remember ? Harry stop . he blink and drop he hand . harry sirius ... yeah ... she gently lead he away from the veil . the moan have return to whisper once again , mutter angrily as they depart . int . room of door - night they return to the room of Doors . hermione draw a flaming X over the door they just close . Harry move to the next one . it be lock . he raise he wand . harry alohomora ! it remain close . harry whatever 's in there , the Ministry sure do not want anyone get to it . he move to the next door and open it , step inside . int . clock room - night they enter the clock room . every surface be cover in clock . 165 . harry this be it ! come on ! they move through the clock . Harry lead they back to the end of the room , where another door lie . harry this be it . this be where sirius be ! he open the door and charge through . int . hall of prophesy - night Harry and the other spill into the hall of prophesy and stop . Harry glance around . they grip they wand tightly . the room be gigantic , be over fifty foot high and incredibly lond . there be row and row of shelf . on every shelf be dozen of dusty golden orb . the room be lit by more blue -flamed candle . harry he 's in here somewhere . he lead they down the center isle , peer down each row . he turn down one row , lead they to the end . this end open out into another wide isle . the row be empty . he look around in confusion . hermione I do not think sirius be here . ron stare at one of the orb . ron Harry , have you see this ? Harry look over he shoulder . ron er... it 's get you name on it . sure enough , there be a golden orb rest on the shelf with the label '' s.p.t. to a.p.w.b.d. : the Dark Lord and ( ? ) Harry Potter . '' 166 . Harry reach out for it . harry what 's my name do here ? hermione do not touch it , Harry ! Harry glare at she . harry why not ? neville yeah , Harry , do not . he look at neville , who be very pale . harry it 's get my name on it ! he take it off the shelf and look at it . lucius I warn you before that one day you would come to a sticky end , Potter . lucius malfoy emerge from the shadow , cloak all in black . two dozen other death eater emerge around he . Harry and the other be surround and outnumber . harry where 's sirius ? lucius , and several other death eater laugh . lucius we do not have he , if that 's what you mean . Harry be stunne . harry you never do , do you ? it be all just a trick . lucius the Dark Lord know you weakness for heroic , Potter . all it take be a little nudge to get you here . 167 . lucius reach out he hand , palm up . lucius now give I that prophesy . harry what prophesy ? lucius point at the Golden orb . lucius that prophesy . now hand it over or we will have to use wand on you . Harry raise he wand at the same time that Ginny , neville , hermione , ron , and luna raise theirs . harry go ahead . lucius regards he coldly . lucius very brave of you , Potter . or be you foolish ? harry come and find out ! lucius do not move . lucius really , Potter . you expect to defeat all of we with you little school friend ? now hand it over , and they will not have to die here . one of the death eater move forward , throw back she hood . it be bellatrix lestrange . bellatrix I have not escape from azkaban for this ! she raise she wand . lucius force she arm down . lucius no ! if the prophesy be smashed -- he stop and turn back to Harry . but bellatrix turn to several other death eater . 168 . bellatrix take the youngest girl . we will see how commit Potter be as we torture she . ron , hermione , luna , and neville close in around Ginny . Harry step in front of Ginny , wand out and aim at bellatrix 's chest . he hold the prophesy in he other hand . harry you even try to take she and I ’‘11 smash this thing . he toss the prophesy casually into the air and catch it again . lucius start in horror . harry so , what kind of prophesy be we talk about here ? bellatrix surely you jest , Potter ? harry not really . how come voldemort want it ? lucius you dare to speak the Dark Lord 's name ? harry who , voldemort ? oh , yeah , I dare . voldemort , voldemort , voldemort -- bellatrix silence ! how dare you utter that name from you half - blood mouth ! harry hey , do you know voldemort 's a half - blood too ? Bella raise she wand to strike , but malfoy stop she again . lucius Control yourself , bellatrix ! harry what 's so special about this prophesy anyway ? Bella shriek with laughter . 169 . lucius you mean dumbledore never tell you the reason you bear that scar be hide here ? Harry look as if slap , he be so surprised . harry what ? lucius and the death eater laugh . harry ( whisper ) when I give the signal , blast the shelf ... hermione and ron nod grimly . lucius so that 's what take you so long . we wonder . harry but why do he need I to take it ? lucius only a person for whom the prophesy be make can remove it from its self , Potter , and the Dark Lord certainly could not get it himself . Harry be angry . harry so he use I to do he dirty work , do he ? lucius precisely , Potter . harry now ! no less than six wand fire into the shelf at once . the death eater cover they face as debris cover they . harry run ! Dust fill the air . entire shelf fall crashing to the ground , raining glass shard and golden orb . the student break and run for the door . 170 . malfoy grab Harry by the shoulder . hermione wave she wand at he . hermione stupify ! malfoy be blast backward . Harry and hermione run after the other . spell explode around they . lucius stop they ! Harry be the last through the door . int . clock room - night hermione slam the door shut and point she wand at it . hermione colloportus ! the door seal itself . Harry look around . only hermione and neville be still with he . harry where would the rest go ? hermione look around . hermione Harry , they go the wrong way ! they run after ron , Ginny , and luna . just then , the door blast off its hinge . Harry , hermione , and neville dive underneath several desk . death eater enter the room , slowly move between the clock and desk . death eater they might have go on to the hall . bellatrix check under the desk . Harry leap out from under he desk . 171 . harry stupify ! a jet of red light hit one of the death eater in the chest . he be knock backward into the wall . hermione jump from under she desk and run for the exit . bellatrix see she and raise she wand . bellatrix avada -- neville emerge from beneath he desk . neville expelliarmus ! Bella 's wand fly from she finger . Harry finish she off . harry stupify ! bellatrix be struck with the same red light and fall to the ground . there be a yell from the next room . harry ron ! two death eater enter the room . death eater impedimenta ! the spell blast Harry , hermione , and neville backward . neville fly over a desk . hermione strike a bookshelf and be nearly bury under the fall book , and Harry strike the wall . death eater we have get he ! hermione silenco ! stupify ! the death eater fall silent , and then to the ground . Harry stagger to he foot , daze . harry pretificus totalus ! 172. the second death eater fall to the ground and cannot move . the mute death eater attack hermione , make a slashing movement with he wand . purple flame blast from the wand and slashes hermione across the chest . her eye go wide and she fall to the ground . neville stupify ! the death eater fall over . harry hermione ! he run to she . she appear to be sleep . harry please do not be dead , please do not be dead ... he shake she . harry hermione , wake up ... neville run over . neville what 's they do to she ? Harry shake he head . neville feel she wrist . neville she 's alive , Harry . there 's a pulse . Harry sigh in relief . harry can we carry she ? neville I will do it . you be better at fight . he hoist hermione up on he back . they move on to the room . next 173. int . room of door - night Harry , and neville , still carry hermione , re-emerge into the circular room of door . hermione 's X 's have fade from the wall . neville where do we go ? harry I do not know ... a door open and luna and Ginny emerge , help ron walk between they . harry what happen . ginny I think my ankle 's break . and somebody hit ron with a weird spell ... ron laugh strangely . ron hiyya , Harry . ( he giggle ) you look funny .... he laugh again . Ginny 's leg give way , and both she and ron fall to the ground . Harry be at Ginny 's side , look concerned . she be breathe very hard . luna they hit she with something too . Harry straighten . harry we need to get out of here . luna , can you help Ginny ? luna move to she side . another door open , and five death eater emerge . 174 . bellatrix there they be ! stun spell rain all around they . the wounded group head for the nearest door . luna be blast off she foot by a stun spell . she and Ginny tumble to the floor . Harry have no choice but to keep run . the next stun spell hit neville in the back . he fall to the ground , hermione roll away from he . int . room of the veil - night Harry and ron stagger into the room of the veil . just as they enter , ron be hit and fall . Harry slip and tumble down to the bottom of the chamber . he come to rest by the day of the veil . Doors all around he burst open and death eater enter , climb down to surround he -- from a safe distance . Harry stagger up onto the dais , he wand hold weakly in he hand . blood trickle out of he mouth and down he chin . malfoy shove he way towards Harry . lucius you race be run , Potter . Hand it over . Harry glance around frantically . harry let my friend go and I will . bellatrix and several other death eater drag he friend into the chamber . lucius you be not in a position to negotiate . neville struggle against the death eater hold he . neville do not do it , Harry ! do not ! harry stop , neville ! 175 . bellatrix look at neville . bellatrix neville ? neville longbottom ? she laugh in glee . bellatrix my dear boy , I pay you parent a visit a long time ago . we have such a time ! neville you put they in St. mungo ! bellatrix beam at he . bellatrix so , Potter . give we the prophesy or I 'il see how long it take to crack longbottom like he parent . Harry be desperate . neville do not give it to they ! bellatrix point she wand at he . bellatrix crucio ! neville howl in pain , curling up in a ball and scream at the top of he lung . the door at the top of the chamber explode off they hinge . everything stop as lupin , sirius , moody , tonk , and kingsley . they blast spell at the death eater . malfoy move to attack , but tonk disarm he . Harry leap off of the day , landing next to neville . harry be you all right ? neville yeah ... he and Harry begin make they way away from the fight . a man grab Harry from behind , he large , sweaty arm around Harry 's throat . 176 . death eater give I the prophesy ! neville leap upon he back and hit he in the face . Harry elbow he in the rib . the man fall away . as he fall , he strike Harry 's hand by accident . the prophesy fly from he hand . malfoy see it . he raise he wand . sirius leap into he . both man fall the rest of the way to the lowest level of the room , landing hard . the prophesy bounce off of a step , flip down to the next level and shatter against the stone . a ghostly version of Professor trelawney appear over the shattered golden orb , speak something which cannot be hear over the fight , and dissolves away . Harry and neville seem freeze , stare at the break piece of the orb . sirius get to he foot and sprint to Harry and neville . sirius get out of here , you two ! he point at one of the door . sirius that will take you back out of the Department of Mystery . sirius make to go back to the fight . Harry grab he hand . harry you come with we ! sirius shake he head . sirius you be the important one , now , Harry . I have to help the order . slowly , Harry let go of sirius 's robe sleeve . he look into he godfather 's eye . sirius I all always be here for you , Harry . now go ! 177 . he push Harry away from he towards the door . a spell rocket past sirius 's head . bellatrix leap down in front of sirius . she smile . sirius grin . sirius hello , cousin ! he fire a spell at she . she dodge , leaping down to the dais on which the veil sit . sirius leap after . they wand clash , blind light explode from the tip . Harry and neville climb towards the door . lucius Potter ! they whirl around to find lucius only foot away , hold he wand out at they . lucius we may have lose the prophesy , but I can still deliver you to the Dark Lord ! he wave he wand . lucius stupify ! Harry raise he own . harry protego ! malfoy 's spell bounce away from Harry . the door open and dumbledore , eye blazing , enter , he wand at the ready . neville it 's dumbledore ! malfoy attempt to run , but dumbledore snap he wand out , and malfoy be knock over and drag back . dumbledore move past Harry and neville , descend into what appear to be a war zone . he reach the fight before the death eater even know he 's there . 178. dumbledore blast two of they across the room before the rest notice . they break for the exit , but member of the order be already there , stun they . bellatrix fire a stun spell . sirius duck under it , laugh . sirius be that the best you have get , cousin ? he do not even see it come . he 's barely finish he sentence when the second spell strike he in the chest . he be lift up into the air , a look of shock upon he face . time seem to slow for Harry as he watch sirius 's descent . and then sirius fall into the veil , he body simply fall behind it . he do not reappear on the other side . Harry sprint for he godfather , but he seem to move in slow motion . harry ( scream ) sirius ! he leap down towards the veil , abandon everything . tear be stream down he face . his wand drift from he grasp and clatter behind he . he leap to the lowest level and charge up to the day . lupin reach out and grab he , hold he fast . harry ( scream ) let I go ! he hit at lupin , try to break away from he . lupin Harry ! harry !... he 's go ... there 's nothing you can do ... Harry hit he across the face , still struggle wildly . harry liar ! thing seem to slow down . all sound die away for Harry . spell flash and explode all around , bathing the room in strange color , mixing with the light of the blue candle . 179 . but Harry 's leg simply give out and he slump against lupin , who be also weep . Harry clenches and unclench he fist in agony , beat they weakly against lupin 's chest . harry no...no ...no .... lupin bodily pick Harry up , still weep , and carry he away from the dais . he let go of Harry and turn to help neville . Harry stand , dumbfounded beside he , still stare at the veil . kingsley leap up to duel with bellatrix , but she blast he aside . dumbledore turn and attempt to stop she , but she deflect the spell and leap towards the door . Harry watch she , and there be cold FURY in he eye . Harry sprint after she . lupin turn to see he leaping up after bellatrix . lupin Harry , no ! he fly through the door after she . int . room of door - night Harry enter just to see bellatrix escape through a doorway . he charge after she . ext . ministry of magic - night Harry sprint down the step lead out to the golden fountain and the telephone lift . bellatrix be nearly to it . bellatrix you can not stop I , Potter ! harry I all kill you !! he brandish he wand . harry stupify ! 180 . bellatrix turn and deflect it . she fire back at he . Harry dive behind the fountain . there be silence . then , the slow footfalls of bellatrix . bellatrix come out , come out , Potter ... Harry grow more angry by the second . bellatrix well , well , have you come to avenge you dear godfather ? Harry leap out from behind the fountain . harry crucio ! he hit she squarely in the chest . she shriek in pain and fall to the ground , but she roll away from he to she foot almost immediately . bellatrix crucio ! Harry leap behind the statue of the centaur . bellatrix 's spell blast the centaur 's head off . it clang away into the darkness . bellatrix never use a unforgivable curse before , have you , Potter ? you have to mean it , you have to want to cause the pain in you very soul ... she try to outflank he , but he move behind another statue . bellatrix give I the prophesy ! harry can not . it get smashed by accident ! bellatrix you lie ! Harry laugh . 181. harry how 's voldemort go to like that ? you have fail he , and he 's not very forgive , be he ? bellatrix let out a shriek of horror . bellatrix forgive I , master ! I try , I - - Harry laugh again . harry he can not hear you from here , you know ! voldemort can not I , Potter ? voldemort have appear in the middle of the hall , he wand point at Harry . voldemort so , you smashed my prophesy ... Harry do not move , freeze into stillness by the horror . voldemort sneer . voldemort I grow tired of you continually thwart my plan , Harry Potter ! he snap he wand down . voldemort avada kadavra ! Green light explode from he wand . Harry flinch , but the statue of the golden wizard leap down from the fountain and take the blast full in the chest . it explode in a thousand shard of molten metal . voldemort whirl . dumbledore stand at the doorway , look ferocious , he blue eye blazing . dumbledore you should not have come here tonight , Tom . voldemort it be you who make that mistake , dumbledore ! 182. he slashes with he wand . voldemort avada kedavra ! dumbledore vanish with a swirl of he cloak and reappear between voldemort and bellatrix . she try to run , but dumbledore knock she to the ground with a stun spell , vanish again just as another killing curse strike the wall and explode , shaking the hall . he reappear close to voldemort . dumbledore raise he wand and strike . a blinding light issue forth from it , the power of it staggering . voldemort conjure a glowing , translucent shield around himself . dumbledore 's spell collide with it , fill the room completely with blinding light . the whole room shake . Harry stagger to the ground . bit of dust and rock fall from the wall . the light fade and voldemort be unharme . voldemort you do not seek to kill I , dumbledore ? dumbledore there be other way to destroy a man , Tom . voldemort there be nothing worse than death ! dumbledore you be quite wrong , Tom , as you have always be . voldemort fire another kill curse at dumbledore . fawk the phoeniz swoops down from above and swallows the jet of green light , exploding into flame and fall to the earth . dumbledore spin , send a constant flow of blinding light blasting from he wand , the sheer power of it shaking the hall . voldemort raise he own wand , and the light separate around he . dumbledore and voldemort be surrounded by the flow of light . 183 . dumbledore grit he tooth as a high wind billow he cloak around he . voldemort glare at dumbledore , eye blood -red . his wand tremble in he hand , and voldemort be slowly be force backward by the power of the stream of light . fear flicker in voldemort 's eye . he let out a roar of frustration . a ring of GREEN flame surround he , and he vanish in a tongue of red -orange FIRE . dumbledore 's stream of light blast into the wall and punch a huge , gaping hole in the wall , shaking the whole Ministry . Harry be lift bodily into the air and toss into the wall from the explosion . there be a sharp crack of rock breaking , and half of the ceiling fall in . dumbledore whip around he wand and Harry be pull from under the fall rock . voldemort reappear on the pilinth where the statue have be . harry look out ! he raise he wand , shouting a spell . the water in the pool below the statue instantly flow upward to surround voldemort in a globe of water . voldemort vanish from within the globe of water , and it crash back down to the pool , spilling over onto the floor . harry Professor ! he stand up . dumbledore stay where you be , Harry ! dumbledore sound frighten . then Harry scream . his scar simply split open and blood spirt from it . he shriek in agony , the pain unbearable . Harry speak , but it be not he voice . harry / voldemort kill I now , dumbledore ... do it , if death mean nothing ... 184 . Green flame explode from all of the fireplace around they , and people appear as they apperate . cornelius fudge arrive too . voldemort shriek in pain , and he appear across the room . he snatch up the unconscious body of bellatrix and dissaparate in a blast of GREEN FIRE . Harry slump to the ground . his eye be close , he face peaceful . blood flow from he scar across he face to the ground . dumbledore Harry ! he run to Harry 's side and touch he skin . he close he eye and whisper a spell . Harry 's eye snap open . dumbledore be you all right , Harry ? Harry nod , daze . percy Minister , I see he ! you - know - who ! he be right there ! fudge be stand in the middle of the room , a daze look also on he face . fudge I know ... I see he too ... dumbledore stand . half the room gasp and draw back . fudge seem to notice he for the first time . dumbledore if you and you man will proceed to the death room , you will find several death eater which I and some other have apprehend . fudge point at dumbledore . fudge seize he ! dumbledore stand to he full height , he eye blazing with anger . 185 . dumbledore Minister , you have just see you - know - who in the flesh only second ago ! it be time to come to you sense ! fudge look cow . dumbledore if you insist on try to arrest I , I be perfectly willing demonstrate how useless such a attempt will be . no one look remotely interested in try to arrest dumbledore . fudge dumbledore , what the blaze happen here ? dumbledore smile , and walk back over to Harry , lift he to he foot . dumbledore I will explain everything , Minister . just as soon as I return Harry to school . fudge ( and half the crowd ) turn to see Harry for the first time . fudge what 's he do here ? and what 's happen to he ? dumbledore tap he wand against Harry 's scar and the bleed stop . he turn to the Minister of Magic . dumbledore Minister , you will order the removal of dolore umbridge from my school . ( pause ) also , she will probably need medical attention , have have a violent encounter with some centaur earlier this evening . ( pause ) ( more ) 186 . dumbledore ( cont would ) all Educational decree will be nullify and you will call off the search on hagrid so he can return to work . fudge be sputtering incomprehensibly . dumbledore I will return here later tonight , after I have see to Harry . it should not take long . he tap the Golden centaur head . dumbledore portus . he motion Harry over . fudge dumbledore , I want some answer ! dumbledore the second War have begin , Minister . Harry take the head with dumbledore , and they vanish from the Ministry of Magic . int . dumbledore 's office - night Harry and dumbledore reappear in he office . there be shout of welcome from the portrait . dumbledore thank you ... he take a small baby Phoenix from he pocket and place it on fawk 's stand . dumbledore 's desk have be repair , and the pensive rest upon it . dumbledore please sit , Harry . Harry be stare at he , bitterness and sorrow evident on he face . dumbledore I understand how you feel , Harry -- harry no you do not ! 187 . dumbledore look hard at he . dumbledore you forget that sirius be my friend too . you be not the only person on this earth capable of feeling , Harry . Harry nearly snarl at he . dumbledore there be no shame in feel pain , Harry . it be you great strength ... harry you do not have a clue ! you can not possibly know ! dumbledore what can not I know ? Harry grab a instrument from one of the table and throw it across the room . dumbledore this pain be part of be human , Harry ... harry ( scream ) then I do not want to be human ! he kick at a table , and the leg break , send the whole thing crash to the ground . harry I do not care ! I do not care ! he begin to silently weep , tear pour down he face . he throw over another table and fall to he knee . dumbledore you do care . you care so much you feel like you will bleed to death because of it . Harry get to he foot . Harry turn and move to the door . he yank on the handle . the door will not open . he look at dumbledore . harry let I out . dumbledore no . Harry draw he wand , look furious . harry you can not keep I in here ! dumbledore I daresay I can . and if you actually do attack I with that wand , Harry , I be afraid to say you will regret it . 188 . Harry be silent , breathe hard and glaring at dumbledore . the headmaster indicate the chair in front of he desk . Harry finally sit , look sulky . dumbledore it be my fault sirius die tonight . ( pause ) I have keep thing from you , Harry . thing that I should not have conceal . you have a right to know , but I put off tell you . dumbledore sigh , sadly , and suddenly he seem very old . dumbledore have I tell you that voldemort might try to lure you down to the Department of Mystery you would never have go there tonight . sirius would never have go after you . ( pause ) that fault lie with I . I hope that you can find it in you heart to forgive I one day . Harry stare angrily out the window . dumbledore Harry , I owe you this explanation , to show you the failing of a old man . Harry continue stare out the window . 189 . dumbledore we explanation begin with you scar . you already know that it be a connection between you and voldemort , and that this connection go both way . ( pause ) I grow worried that voldemort would at some point discover this connection , which he do the night Mr. weasely be attack . harry I already know all this . dumbledore have not you wonder why I have not speak to you , even look at you , for month ? harry well , yeah , I do ... dumbledore I be worried that if voldemort discover there be a closer relationship between we than simply between teacher and student he would use you to spy on the order . another mistake . ( pause ) voldemort show we both tonight that he aim in possess you would not be to destroy I , but to destroy you . Harry look at he shoe . dumbledore sirius tell I you believe there be a snake inside of you . this be voldemort attempt to manipulate you . to protect you from this , I have you study occlumency . harry but snape stop give I lesson . 190 . dumbledore yes . I think he could overcome he feeling towards you father , but I be wrong . some wound cut too deep to be heal . harry he barely teach I , though . I always feel more open to it after the lesson . like he be try to open I to voldemort -- dumbledore I would trust severus snape with my life , Harry . you have never recover from you mistrust of he in you first year . harry sirius do not trust he . do not believe he have really turn to we side ... dumbledore again , some wound run too deep to be heal , Harry . severus and sirius never like each other at school . this have never change . Harry glare at the carpet . dumbledore during you occulumency lesson , Professor snape discover that you be dream about the door in the Department of Mystery . harry I have be dream about that all year , before voldemort discover the connection . dumbledore yes . voldemort have be obsessed with hearing that prophesy since he return . because of you scar , what he be obsessed with , you be obsessed with , in the form of dream . ( pause ) ( more ) 191 . dumbledore ( cont would ) once he discover the connection , voldemort have little difficulty in manipulate you into think he have capture sirius . harry but I check grimmauld place ! kreacher say -- dumbledore kreacher lie . he want you to go to the Department of Mystery . harry why ? dumbledore kreacher have be serve two master for some month now . harry what ? dumbledore it appear that when sirius tell he to get out , kreacher think he mean out of the house . so he go to the Black 's close relative , the malfoys . ( pause ) obviously , they question he . sirius have forbidden he from give up important secret . but sirius have neglect to mention he relationship with you . ( pause ) he tell they how you see he as a mixture of father and brother , and that you would move heaven and earth to save sirius . ( pause ) voldemort know that make you believe he have sirius in the Department of Mystery would force you there . harry wait , where be sirius when I try to contact he ? dumbledore ah. apparently kreacher have injure buckbeak to distract he in case you try to contact headquarters . ( more ) 192 . dumbledore ( cont would ) sirius be tend to the wound when you call . harry and hermione say we should be nice to kreacher ! dumbledore she be quite right , Harry . kreacher be what wizard have make he . he be to be pity , not hate . harry sirius hate he . dumbledore he do not hate kreacher himself . kreacher be a reminder to sirius of the home he have always hate . harry yeah , he really hate that place . and you keep he lock up in there ! dumbledore I be try to save he life ! dumbledore bury he head in he hand . Harry be dumbfounded . the headmaster look up finally . dumbledore it be time to tell you what I should have five year ago . no doubt you have wonder why it be that I send you there and not to a wizarding family ? ( pause ) I do it for you protection . you be in more danger than anyone realize . voldemort be defeat , but he servant be everywhere . Harry be silent . dumbledore I also know that voldemort would return one day . I play to he weakness . there be a ancient magic which voldemort have always underestimate . ( pause ) ( more ) 193 . dumbledore ( cont would ) this magic be what you mother give you when she die . that protection would only work , however , if you be care for by a blood relative . you aunt , petunia . harry she never love I . dumbledore perhaps not . but she take you in , however grudgingly . as long as you can call you aunt 's house you home , you be protect . Harry look away . dumbledore and now we come to the moment of terrible truth , the moment I have dread for fifteen year . the moment when I must lay another burden atop you already strain shoulder . Harry stare into he blue eye . dumbledore do you remember you first year here ? when you lay in the hospital wing fresh from you confrontation with voldemort ? Harry nod . dumbledore do you remember what you ask I that night ? harry I ask you why voldemort try to kill I . dumbledore yes . I decide not to tell you then . after all , eleven be too young for such burden . the same go for twelve . but I be run out of excuse by thirteen and fourteen . do you see the flaw in my plan yet ? Harry shake he head . 194 . dumbledore I care about you too much . I become more concerned with you happiness and well - be than with the truth and the life it could save . that be my great mistake . it be exactly what voldemort expect from we fool who love . ( pause ) but I could not bear to tell you . I have watch you pass through great trial than any other student in the history of this school , and I could not bear to add another one , the great one of all . he look at Harry , sympathy and regret etched on he face . dumbledore you have no idea the pain it cause I to tell it to you , even now . but unfortunately , I must . harry I do not understand , Professor . dumbledore sigh again . dumbledore the reason voldemort try to kill you be because of a prophesy make just before you birth . by attempt to kill you , he believe he be fulfil the term of the prophesy . voldemort 's mistake be that he have not hear the entire prophesy . ( pause ) that be the weapon we have be guard , and which he have be so desperately seek : the knowledge of how to destroy you . Harry sigh this time . he look at the floor . harry Professor , why be I so important to he ? Harry hang he head . 195 . dumbledore a excellent question , Harry . the answer lie in the prophesy . harry Sir , it get smashed . dumbledore that be not the only place the prophesy be preserve . dumbledore raise he wand to he temple and extract a memory , place it in the pensive . he wave he wand over it . the ghostly image of Professor trelawney rise from the bowl . trelawney '' the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approach .... bear to that who have thrise defy he , bear as the seventh month die ... and the Dark Lord will mark he as he equal , but he will have a power the Dark Lord know not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survive .... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be bear as the seventh month die ... '' the image of trelawney fade . Harry look staggered . harry I be not sure I understand all that , sir ... dumbledore it mean that the only person with a chance of defeat voldemort be bear at the end of July to parent who have resist he three time before . harry and ... it mean I ? 196 . dumbledore interestingly , there be two boy whom the prophesy could have be refer to . you and neville longbottom . harry so it 's not necessarily I , sir ? dumbledore you forget the next qualification of the prophesy . the Dark Lord will mark this boy as he equal . ( pause ) in give you that scar , voldemort do so . I be afraid that the prophesy be most certainly refer to you . harry what if he choose wrong ? dumbledore he choose the child he believe to be the more dangerous . he choose the '' half - blood '' wizard because he see some of himself in you . ( pause ) he try to kill you and instead give you the power and the future to destroy he . harry why do not he wait ? why attack when we be baby ? dumbledore voldemort have a informant listen to my meeting with Professor trelawney . fortunately he be discover before he could hear the entire prophesy . voldemort have to act immediately , he do not know the rest of the prophesy . all he know be that he have to destroy the child who would grow to be a threat to he power . harry but I do not have any special power . dumbledore be silent for a moment . 197 . dumbledore there be a room in the Department of Mystery which be keep lock at all time . it contain a force so wonderful and yet terrible that it be great than death itself . it be that power which you have incredible amount of and of which voldemort have none . harry what be it , sir ? dumbledore this power drive you to save sirius tonight . it keep voldemort from possess you , he cannot bear to touch it . ( pause ) in the end , it be you heart and not you head that save you . Harry look away . dumbledore there be only the end of the prophesy which we have not address . it state '' neither can live while the other survive . '' Harry slowly look up at dumbledore . dumbledore it be the final burden which I must place on you , Harry . harry one of we have to kill the other ... in the end . dumbledore nod , and there be tear mist he eye . dumbledore yes . they sit quietly together . dumbledore softly wipe a tear from he cheek . ext . great lake - day Harry sit by himself on a boulder by the side of the lake . he watch the sunset . 198. nearly-headless nick hello , Harry . Harry turn to see nearly -headless nick , a ghost , stand beside he . harry hey , Nick . Nick look uncomfortable . nearly -headless nick I -- well , madam pomfrey ask I to tell you that hermione and ron be out of the hospital wing . harry oh . thanks . he stand and they begin to walk back to the castle together . harry Nick , I be wonder about something ? Nick look even more uncomfortable now . nearly-headless nick I have be expect this ... harry expecting what ? nearly-headless nick a lot of people come to I when they have lose love one . harry I expect so ... there be a silence . nearly-headless nick he 's not come back , Harry . there be another silence . nearly -headless nick few wizard choose the path I have choose . harry why ? 199 . nearly-headless nick I be neither here nor there , Harry . trapped between two world . that do not appeal to most . ( pause ) I know nothing of the secret of death , Harry . I be afraid of it . I prefer to survive as a feeble imitation of life than face the vast unknown . ( pause ) I often wonder if that be a wise decision . they approach the great door lead to the entry hall . Nick look at Harry . nearly-headless nick I be sorry I could not be of more help , Harry . truly I be . Nick vanish through the wall into the castle . Harry step through the door into the entry hall . int . entry hall - day Harry enter . hermione Harry ! he turn to see hermione and ron racing down the step towards he . hermione throw herself into Harry 's arm in a huge bear hug . harry how be you ? ron good as new , mate . hermione pull herself away from Harry and look at he closely . hermione ( quietly ) how be you do , Harry ? Harry pause for a long moment , think . 200 . harry better . hermione come on , let 's go in to the feast . Harry shake he head . harry you two go on . I want to be alone for a while . hermione nod . they turn away and begin to walk into the great hall . harry I have get something to tell you . something important . they stop and look at he again . harry but not right now . I be not ready . hermione take you time , Harry . we will be here when you be . she smile at he . ron and hermione disappear into the great hall . luna come down the stair carry a stack of papers . she go up to the notice board and attaches one of the papers to it . she turn and see Harry . luna hello , Harry . he walk up to she . luna it 's the last night and I need to pack . harry then why be you put up sign ? luna oh , people take my thing and hide they . ( more ) luna ( cont would ) I do not think they like I much . some of they call I '' loony '' lovegood . Harry look at she in pity . harry do you need any help look ? luna oh no . it all turn up in the end . she look at he serenely . luna sirius Black . hermione say he be you godfather . harry yeah . ( pause ) have you ever ... you know ... luna my mother . I be nine . harry I be sorry . luna it 's okay . it 's not like I 'il never see she again . harry be not it ? luna do not tell I you do not hear they . the voice beyond the veil ? Harry look startle . luna they be just out of sight , that 's all . harry you mean we will see they again ? luna of course . ( pause ) thing always work out , in the end . 201 . 202. she smile at he . then she head back up the stair and into the feast . Harry be leave alone in the entry hall . he turn and look into the glorious sunset . for the first time in a long time , Harry smile too . fade out