Rev. 03/01/02 ( buff ) Rev. 03/14/02 ( salmon ) Rev. 04/02/02 ( cherry ) Rev. 04/02/02 ( Tan ) ( not distribute ) Rev. 04/03/02 ( 2nd White ) Rev. 04/03/02 ( 2nd Blue ) Rev. 04/09/02 ( 2nd pink ) Rev. 04/16/02 ( 2nd yellow ) Rev. 04/17/02 ( 2nd Green ) Rev. 05/14/02 ( 2nd gold ) harry potter and the chamber of secret screenplay by steven klove base on the novel by j.k. rowling no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . warner bros . '' 2002 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved fade in : ext . privet drive - day wide helicopter shot . privet drive . camera crane down , down , over the rooftop , find the second floor window of number 4 . harry potter sit in the window . omitted int . harry bedroom - day Harry page through a scrapbook , stop on a moving photo of ron and hermione . squawk ! Harry jump . hedwig peck at the lock sling through she cage door , then glower at Harry . harry I can not , hedwig . I be not allow to use magic outside of school . besides , if uncle Vernon -- at the sound of the name , hedwig squawks again , louder . uncle vernon ( 0.s. ) har-ry pot-ter ! harry now you have do it . int . kitchen - day while aunt petunia put the finish touch to a pudding of whipped cream and sugare violet , uncle vernon struggle with dudley's bow tie , all the while glower at Harry . uncle vernon I warn you . if you can not control that bloody bird , it will have to go . harry she 's bored . if I could just let she out for a hour or two -- uncle vernon and have you send secret message to you freaky little friend ? no , sir . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 2. continued : harry but I have not get any message . from any of my friend . not one . all summer . dudley who would want to be friend with you ? uncle vernon I should think you would be more grateful . we raise you since you be a baby , give you food off we table , even let you have Dudley 's second bedroom ... purely out of the goodness of we heart . dudley I think he get the second bedroom because mum be afraid he would turn we into dung beetle if you put he back in the cupboard under the stair . aunt petunia stop cold , exchange a dark look with uncle Vernon , then see Dudley extend a finger for the pudding . aunt petunia not yet , popkin . that 's for when the mason arrive . uncle vernon which should be any moment . now . let 's run through we schedule one more time . petunia , when the mason get here , you will be -- aunt petunia in the lounge , wait to welcome they graciously to we home . uncle vernon good . and Dudley ? dudley I will be wait to open the door . uncle vernon excellent . ( turn on Harry ) and you ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 5/14/02 3 . continued : ( 2 ) harry I will be in my bedroom , make no noise and pretend I do not exist . uncle vernon too right you will . with any luck , this could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career . doorbell ring . instantly , uncle Vernon shove Harry out of the kitchen and into the hallway . uncle vernon upstair ! hurry ! omitted int . harry bedroom - day Harry enter , turn , and stop dead : a tiny creature with bat-like ear and bulg green eye be jump on he bed as if it be a trampoline . this be dobby . dobby Harry Potter ! such a honor it be ! ( continued ) continued : 6 harry what ... who be you ? dobby dobby , sir . dobby the house elf . harry I see . not to be rude or anything , but this be not a great time for I to have a house - elf in my bedroom . dobby oh , yes , sir , dobby understand . it 's just that , dobby have come to tell you ... it be difficult , sir ... dobby wonder where to begin . harry why do not you sit down ? dobby s-s-sit down ? suddenly dobby burst into tear . loud tear . Harry panic . harry shhhh ! I be sorry . I do not mean to offend you or anything -- dobby offend dobby ! dobby have hear of you greatness , sir , but never have he be ask to sit down by a wizard , like a equal ... harry you can not have meet many decent wizard then . dobby shake he head , then without warning , leap off the bed and start to bang he head furiously on the floor . dobby bad dobby ! bad dobby ! int . live room - day 7 uncle Vernon pour champagne for mr. and mrs . mason . as dobby 's head banging sound from above , all eye shift to the ceiling . uncle Vernon chuckle nervously . ( continued ) continued : uncle vernon do not mind that . it 's just the ... cat . dudley cat ? what cat ? uncle vernon we cat , tiger . int . harry bedroom - day dobby get back to he foot , wobble , eye spin dizzily . Harry regards he with a mixture of concern ... and wariness . harry be you ... all right ? dobby dobby have to punish himself , sir . dobby almost speak ill of he family , sir . harry you ... family ? dobby the wizard family dobby serve , sir . dobby be bound to serve one family forever . if they ever know dobby be here ... dobby shudder in fear , then look up , whisper urgently . dobby but dobby have to come . dobby have to protect Harry Potter . to warn he . ( in a fierce whisper ) Harry Potter must not go back to hogwart School of witchcraft and wizardry this year . harry not go back ? but ... I have to . dobby this be a plot . a plot to make most terrible thing happen . if Harry Potter go back to school he will be in great danger . ( continued ) 10 continued : 8 harry what terrible thing ? who 's plotting they ? dobby make a funny choking and gagging noise . harry okay ! I understand . you can not say -- too late . dobby grab the bedside lamp and start beat himself about the head and yelping loudly . int . live room - day 9 uncle Vernon be in the midst of tell a joke . uncle vernon they arrive at the ninth hole and !-- dobby's yelp interrupt , ringing out from above . mr . mason sound as if that cat of yours have drag something in with it , dursley . uncle vernon not to worry . I '11 sort it out . int . harry bedroom - day 10 Harry wrestle the lamp away from dobby . harry stop ! stop ! footstep thunder on the landing . quickly , Harry grab dobby by the pillowcase and pitch he into the wardrobe ... just as the door fling OPEN . uncle vernon what the devil be you do up here ! you have just ruin the punch line of my japanese golfer joke . one more sound and you will wish you would never be bear , boy ! he stomp flat - foote from the room and slam the door . Harry let dobby out of the wardrobe . ( continued ) 10 11 continued : 10 harry see why I have get to go back ? I do not belong here . I belong in you world -- at hogwart . it 's the only place I have get ... friend . dobby Friends who do not even write to Harry Potter ? harry well , I expect they have be -- hang on , how do you know my friend have not be write I ? guiltily , dobby take out a stack of letter . dobby Harry Potter must not be angry with dobby -- dobby hope if Harry Potter think he friend have forget he ... Harry Potter might not want to go back to school , sir ... harry give I that . now . dobby frown sadly , then dash out the door . panick ... int . hallway / stair / kitchen - day 11 ... Harry fly desperately after , dobby bounce like a ping - pong ball down the stair and into the kitchen . as Harry race in , he find dobby on the counter , wave he arm . aunt petunia 's masterpiece of a pudding rise , then float into the live room , hovering over the mason 's head . the mason do not see , but the dursley -- goggle - eye -- do . harry dobby ... please ... no ... dobby Harry Potter must say he 's not go back to school . harry I can not . hogwart be my home . ( continued ) 11 11a 11b the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/9/02 8. continued : 11 dobby ( a tragic expression ) then dobby must do it , sir . for Harry Potter 's own good . dobby snap he finger . the pudding plummet ... straight onto the mason . they stand blink , cover head to foot with whipped cream and sugare violet . the mason exit . uncle Vernon and aunt petunia race after they . uncle vernon I be sorry . it 's we nephew . very disturb . meeting stranger upset he , so we keep he upstairs ... ext . dursley house - day 11a the mason race out of the house , the dursley following . aunt petunia we have ice cream ... the mason get into they car and drive off , just as a shrieking SOUND split the sky . a owl swoops down , and drop a letter at uncle Vernon 's foot . he pick up the letter , open it . as he read it , a mad gleam dance in uncle Vernon 's eye . he turn and race back inside the house . aunt petunia follow . int . dursley house - night 11b uncle Vernon run back into the live room , extend the letter to Harry . uncle vernon go on . read it . harry ' dear Mr. Potter . we have receive intelligence that a hover charm be use at you place of residence at twelve minute past seven this evening . as you know , underage wizard ... ' uncle vernon ' , .. be not permit to perform spell outside school . ' ( more ) ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/9/02 8a . 11b continued : 11b uncle vernon ( cont 'd ) ( snatching the letter ) you do not tell we you be not allow to use magic at home . slipped you mind , do not it ? ( more ) ( continued ) 11b 12 13 continued : ( 2 ) 11b uncle vernon ( cont 'd ) well , I have get news for you , boy . I be lock you up ! and if you try to magic yourself out , they will expel you ! you be never go back to that school ! never ! ext./ int . harry bedroom - next day 12 a short montage begins : uncle Vernon fit iron bar to the inside of Harry 's window . drill a metal flap to the base of the bedroom door . fit a fat , grey lock to the door itself . soaking with sweat , he cast Harry a nasty grin and pull shut the door . it close with the dull clank of a cell . int . harry bedroom - night 13 Harry stare gloomily out the window . the metal flap rattle and Dudley 's pudgy hand slide a BOWL of tinned soup onto the floor . he grin cruelly through the open . dudley I know what day it be . harry well do , Dudley . finally learn the day of the week , have you . dudley today 's you birthday . and nobody care . Dudley snap shut the flap . Harry sigh , take the soup and a bit of stale bread , and cross to hedwig . harry it 's no good turn you beak up . it 's all we have get . Harry feed a piece of bread to hedwig ... as we ... dissolve to : ( continued ) 13 13a 13b 13c 13d 13e the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 10 . continued : 13 same scene - later Harry lean against the wall . asleep . there be a gentle tapping SOUND . Harry open he eye and be stunne to see ... ron weasley stare through the bedroom window . harry ron ? ron hiya , Harry . ext . dursley house - night 13a a old , turquoise - colored ford anglia float in midair . ron lean out the back window . his brother fred sit in the driver 's seat . Fred 's twin George be in the passenger seat . harry Fred ? George ? what be you do here ? ron rescuing you , of course . where 's you trunk ? closeup - harry trunk 13b stuff with clothes , spellbook . the trunk close , snap shut . Harry drag the trunk to the windowsill , watch ron tie off a fierce knot on the bar of Harry 's window . ron stand back . Harry step back . ron turn , nod to Fred . insert - fred' foot 13c Fred step on the accelerator . ext . dursley house - night 13d the Ford anglia fly up into the air , the rope snap tight , and -- crunch ! -- the bar be torn from the window . brick and bar rain down onto the lawn below , a mangle mess . int . uncle vernon' bedroom - night 13e uncle Vernon wake ... 14 through 17 11 . omitted 14 through 16 int . / ext . harry bedroom / the car - moment later 17 Harry push the trunk over the sill into the anglia 's boot , then scramble through the window himself , when ... squawk ! harry hedwig ! Harry clamber back , grab hedwig 's cage , swing it onto the ledge , when ... bam ! the bedroom door crash OPEN . uncle vernon petunia ! he 's get away ! as Harry leap for the windowsill , uncle Vernon charge forward and snatch he ankle . Harry tumble into the darkness , one hand grip hedwig 's cage , the other reach out and ... catch ron 's at the last possible second . uncle Vernon put both hand to Harry 's ankle , pull harder . ron brace himself , pull back . Harry hang , stretch high over the lawn , directly above the mangle steel bar . closeup : Harry 's hand begin to slip from ron 's finger . inside of cage : hedwig peck feverishly at the lock . close - up : ron. panicked . ron hold on , Harry ! uncle vernon oh no , boy ! you and that bloody pigeon be not go anywhere ! close - up : Harry 's hand begin to slip away from ron' . inside of cage : hedwig peck harder and ... the cage open . hedwig swoops into the sky , wheel back and hammer she beak into uncle Vernon 's hand . he roar , stumble back and ... ron and George pull Harry into the air . ron put you foot down , Fred ! ( continued ) 17 18 19 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 12 . continued : 17 like a rocket , the anglia sail into the star . Harry glance back , see aunt petunia and Dudley join uncle Vernon at the window . as hedwig race up , soar just beyond the car window , ron turn to Harry . ron by the way , Harry . happy birthday . dissolve to : ext . the burrow - early morning 18 as the anglia drop through a pink sky , a haphazard mess of a house , build around a tower central chimney , appear below . by the road , a lopsided sign read : the burrow . flumph ! the car touch down in a whirling cone of dust , scatter a group of chicken , and fishtail to a halt . the boy spill quickly out of the car . fred whisper urgently . fred hurry ! let 's nip inside before mum wake up ! int . front room - the burrow - moment later 19 the boy sneak inside , gently close the door . Harry stop . magical object surround he : a clock display different chore for each family member . a pair of needle knit a sweater by themselves . and a stack of playing card that . a stack of playing card shuffle themselves , provide a cool breeze for ron 's aging rat , scabber . ron shrug , avert he eye self - consciously . ron it 's not much . harry I think it 's ... brilliant ! ron look up . see Harry 's mesmerize face . slowly ... grins . mrs . weasley ( 0.s. ) where ... have ... you ... be ?! the boy nearly jump out of they skin . mrs . weasley stand in the doorway . furious . she smile sweetly at Harry . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 13 . 19 continued : 19 mrs . weasley Harry ! how wonderful to see you . ( back to the boy ) bed empty ! no note ! you could have die ! you could have be see ! ( again , to Harry ) I do not blame you , of course , dear . ron they be starve he , mum ! there be bar on he window ! mrs . weasley you best hope I do not put bar on you window , Ronald weasley ! ( soften instantly ) Care for a spot of tea , Harry ? ginny mummy . have you see my jumper -- a small , red-headed girl appear . see Harry . and ... squeal . dash back up the stair . ron frown . ron Ginny . be talk about you all summer . Dead annoying , really . GEORGE dad 's home ! the front door open and arthur weasley enter . a tall man with red hair , he robe look dusty and travel - wear . mr . weasley what a night ! nine raid ! nine ! harry ( to ron ) raid ? ron dad work at the Ministry of Magic . in the misuse of Muggle artefact Office . harry the misuse of Muggle artefact ...? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 19 ron that 's when wizard bewitch something to drive muggles mad . shrink door key , that kind of thing . dad love muggles . thinks they be fascinating . Mr. weasley hang up he cloak , turn . blink . mr . weasley well now . who be you ? ron Harry , sir . Harry Potter . mr . weasley good Lord , be you really ? ron 's tell we all about you , of course . when do you get here ? mrs . weasley ( darkly ) this morning . you son fly that enchant car of yours to Surrey house and back last night . mr . weasley do you now ! how would it go ?! ( catch he wife 's eye ) I ... I mean ... that be very wrong , boy . very wrong indeed . so , Harry . you must know all about muggles . tell I , what exactly be the function of a parking meter ? Harry be about to answer , when he notice a owl ( errol ) soar toward the kitchen window . to Harry 's horror , the owl do not pull up . it just fly ... smack !... into the glass . mrs . weasley that must be errol with the post . fetch he , will you , George ? George take the unconscious errol , absently lay he on a drain board , and take the letter clutch in he claw . GEORGE it 's we hogwart letter ! and look . they have send Harry 's as well . ( continued ) 19 19a through 24 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 15 . continued : ( 3 ) 19 mr . weasley dumbledore must know you be here , Harry . do not miss a trick , that man . fred ( read he ) this lot will not come cheap , mum . the spellbook alone ... mrs . weasley we will manage . right then . there 's only one place to get all of this . harry / ron / fred / GEORGE diagon alley ! omitted 19a through 23 int . live room - the burrow - day ( later ) 24 everyone have gather in front of the large fireplace . mrs . weasley you first , Harry dear . Mrs. weasley offer Harry a flowerpot . at the bottom be a layer of very soft dust . Harry frown in confusion . ron Harry 's never travel by floo powder before , mum . harry floo powder ? just then , ron 's older brother percy enter . mrs . weasley percy . would you mind go first , so Harry can see how it 's do ? percy certainly , mother . do not worry , Harry . it 's simple enough . ( continued ) 24 25 26 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 16 . continued : 24 percy take a pinch from the pot , pitch it into the fireplace and bright GREEN flame roar high . to Harry 's amazement , he calmly walk ... straight into they . percy diagon alley . percy vanish . tentatively , Harry reach into the pot . mrs . weasley remember to speak clearly , dear ! ron and mind you get out at the right grate ! harry ( nodd , unsure ) d- dia-gon alley ! int . spiraling tunnel 25 the SOUND be deafening as Harry hurtle forward , squinting against the sting of whirling soot and the mad , flicker light of pass fireplace . he fall face forward ... int . borgin and burke - stone fireplace - day 26 ++. onto a stone hearth . dizzy and dirty , Harry reclaim he shattered glass . he 's tumble into a wizard 's shop , but a decidedly creepy one . he start to exit , when a withered hand in a glass case catch he eye : the Hand of glory . nearby , a opal necklace gleam : caution : do not touch . curse -- have claim the live of nineteen Muggle owner to date . oddly transfix by it all , Harry drift toward the exit , when ... ( continued ) 26 17 . continued : 26 draco malfoy and he father , lucius malfoy , appear beyond the front window , approach the shop . Harry glance about , spy a large black cabinet and slip inside . as he pull the door close , a tiny card swing into view : crush cabinet . malfoy and he father enter . a stoop man ( mr. borgin ) emerge from the back room . in the cabinet , Harry watch , unaware that the wall around he be ... slowly close in . mr . borgin Mr. malfoy ! what a pleasure to see you again . if I may , just in today -- lucius malfoy I be not buy today , Mr. borgin . but sell . mr . borgin selling ? lucius malfoy you have hear , of course , that the Ministry of Magic be conduct more raid . there be even rumor of a new Muggle Protection Act ... lucius unravel a roll of parchment , hand it to borgin . lucius malfoy I have a few ... ah ... item at home that might prove embarrassing if the Ministry be to call . certain poison and the like ... mr . borgin hmmm ... yes . I see ... inside the cabinet , Harry realize the wall be close in . his eye shift upward . the ceiling be dropping . draco drift to the Hand of glory , reach out , when ... the hand grab he . draco shriek , manage to slip free , then calm . he eye the hand with malicious glee . draco can I have this ? ( continued ) 26 27 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 mr . borgin ah , the Hand of glory . insert a candle and it give light only to the holder . best friend of thief and plunderer . you son have fine taste , sir . lucius malfoy hopefully my son will amount to more than a thief , Mr. borgin . though if he mark do not pick up -- draco it 's not my fault the teacher have favorite . that hermione Granger -- lucius malfoy I would have think you would be ashamed that a girl of no wizarding family beat you in every exam . mr . borgin it 's the same all over . wizard blood be count for less everywhere . lucius malfoy ( deadly ) not with I . inside the cabinet , Harry 's knee be up under he chin ... borgin check off one last time , then return the parchment to lucius . satisfied , malfoy nod . lucius malfoy very good . i'1l expect you at the manor tomorrow . come , draco . they exit . as borgin slip into the back room , the crush cabinet 's door fly OPEN and Harry leap free . Inside , the wall , floor , and ceiling SNAP shut ! borgin reappear , blink curiously at Harry , then watch he race out the door . ext . knockturn alley - day ( moment later ) 27 once outside , Harry fit he break glass to he face , eye a STREET sign : " knockturn alley . " ( continued ) 27 28 19 . continued : 27 the vendor here clearly cater to the Dark Arts : shrunken head , poisonous candle . one window teem with spider . aged witch ( 0.s. ) not lose be you , my dear ? Harry wheel , look into the mossy tooth of a decrepit witch . she hold a tray of human fingernails . harry I be fine , thanks . I be just -- hagrid harry ! what d' yer think yer doin ' down ' ere ? harry hagrid ! hagrid knock the tray from the cursing witch 's hand , then seize Harry by the scruff of the neck and steer he away . ext . diagon alley - continuous action - day 28 hagrid swat at Harry 's sooty clothes . hagrid yer a mess ! skulkin ' ' round knockturn alley . dodgy place , Harry . do not want no one ter see yeh down there . people will be thinkin ' yer up ter no good . harry I be lose , I -- hang on . what be you do down there ? hagrid I be lookin ' fer a flesh eatin ' slug repellent . they be ruinin ' the school cabbage . hermione ( 0.s. ) Harry ! Harry look up , see hermione granger stand at the top of gringott ' white step . she run down to meet they . ( continued ) 28 29 29a 20 . continued : 28 hermione hello , hagrid . oh , it 's wonderful to see you two again . she stop then , cock she head curiously at Harry , then take out she wand and point it directly between he eye . hermione oculus reparo . instantly , Harry 's glass be mend . harry I need to remember that one . hermione c'mon . everyone 's be so worried . hermione lead they to gringott , where hermione 's rather nervous-look Muggle parent stand with the weasley . mr . weasley so you be dentist ! fascinating ! I understand other muggles quite fear you ? why be that ? mrs . weasley oh , Harry . thank goodness . we hope you would only go one grate too far . come now . we be off to flourish and blott . hermione be not it thrill ! gilderoy lockhart 's go to be there ! we can actually meet he ! I mean , he 's write almost the whole booklist ! as Mrs. weasley and hermione dash off , Harry frown . harry who ? omitted 29 ext . flourish and blott - day 29 a close -up : gilderoy lockhart . a handsome , golden -haire wizard with stun pearl - white tooth . he mile , wink at the camera . ( continued ) 29 a 30 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 21 . continued : 29 a dolly back to reveal that the image of lockhart be actually a moving photograph propped in the window . a placard declare : here today ! signing copy of he autobiography , magical I ... gilderoy lockhart ! int . flourish and blott - day 30 Harry and the other thread they way through a chatter throng of middle - aged lady , all craning they neck for a view of lockhart , who sit signing book at the rear of the shop . at the sight of he , Mrs. weasley pat she hair . mrs . weasley there he be ! ron mum fancy he . for this , Mrs. weasley give ron a jab in the shoulder . a short man with a camera bump past . short man out of the way ! this be for the Daily Prophet ! instantly , lockhart look up , flash a smile , when ... gilderoy lockhart it can not be Harry Potter ? the crowd whisper excitedly as lockhart dive forward , seize Harry 's hand and turn he toward the photographer . gilderoy lockhart ( under he breath ) Nice big smile , Harry . together , you and I rate the front page . ( as the camera flash ) lady and gentleman ! what a extraordinary moment this be ! when young Harry here step into flourish and blott this morning to purchase my autobiography , magical I -- which , incidentally be celebrate its twenty - seventh week atop the Daily Prophet 's bestseller list -- he have no idea that he would , in fact , be leave with my entire collect work ! free of charge ! ( continued ) 30 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 22 . continued : 30 as the crowd clap , lockhart catch the eye of a flunky and , before Harry know it , a tower stack of book be shove into he arm . mortify , Harry mumble quietly . harry thank you . slip free , Harry drift back into the crowd and , red with embarrassment , drop the book into Ginny 's cauldron . harry you have this . I will buy my own ! -- draco ( appear , sneer ) Bet you love that , do not you , Potter ? famous Harry Potter . can not even go into a bookshop without make the front page . ginny leave he alone ! he do not want all that ! draco look , Potter . you have get yourself a girlfriend ! ( continued ) 30 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 lucius malfoy silence , draco ! ah ... Mr. Potter . I do not believe we have meet . lucius malfoy extend he hand , as if offer to shake Harry 's , but instead gently play he finger over the fringe of Harry 's scalp , revealing Harry 's lightning bolt scar . at he touch , Harry withdraw , ever so slightly . lucius malfoy forgive I , Mr. Potter . but you scar be legend . as , of course , be the wizard who give it to you . harry he be a murderer . lucius malfoy yes , a pity about you parent . curious that you yourself should escape with a mere flesh wound . curious , too , that you speak of he in the past . surely , you do not think he - who-must - not - be - name be go forever . harry his name be voldemort . that within earshot gasp as Harry utter the word . lucius malfoy you must be very brave , Mr. Potter , to dare speak he name . or foolish . hermione fear of a name only increase fear of the thing itself . lucius malfoy 's eye slide , find hermione stare defiantly . lucius malfoy you must be miss Granger . draco 's tell I all about you ... and you parent . muggles , be not you ? Mr. and Mrs. Granger nod nervously . lucius malfoy can barely disguise he distaste for they . Arthur weasley hurry over . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 5/14/02 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 mr . weasley ron ! Harry ! it 's mad in here . let 's go outside . lucius malfoy well , well , well -- Arthur weasley . mr . weasley ( stiffly ) lucius . lucius malfoy busy time at the Ministry . all that raid . I hope they be pay you overtime . malfoy reach into Ginny 's cauldron , remove a very old , batter copy of a beginner 's guide to transfiguration . lucius malfoy obviously not . dear I . what 's the use of be a disgrace to the name of wizard if they do not even pay you well for it . mr . weasley we have a very different idea about what disgrace the name of wizard , lucius . lucius malfoy ( glance at the granger ) clearly . the company you keep , weasley . and I think you family could sink no lower . Mr. weasley move to hit lucius malfoy . hagrid step forward , put a firm hand on Mr. weasley 's shoulder . hagrid ignore ' im , Arthur . Mr. weasley back away . lucius malfoy toss Ginny 's batter textbook back into she cauldron . lucius malfoy here , girl . take you book . it 's the best you father can give you . lucius and draco exit . hagrid look at the weasley . ( continued ) 30 30 a 30 B 31 32 32a the chamber of secret - Rev. 5/14/02 25 . continued : ( 4 ) 30 hagrid no malfoy 's worth listenin ' ter . rotten ter the core , the whole family ... as Harry watch draco and he father go , we -- dissolve to : omitted 30 a ext . king be cross - morning 30b amid a neat line of car , the anglia sit at a decidedly odd angle , as if its driver be not the most skilled motorist . omitted 31 int . king be cross - day 32 the weasley and Harry -- push large trolleys -- dash under the large clock which read two minute to eleven . mrs . weasley oh dear ! the train will be leave any moment ! all together now ! hurrying , they race to platform nine and ten . quickly , percy , Fred and George stride briskly toward the stone barrier that divide the platform -- and simply disappear . mrs . weasley go on , Ginny . you know what to do . Ginny , look a bit nervous , rush toward the barrier , close she eye , and sleds ... int . platform nine and three quarter - day 32a '' ++ . out onto the other side . as she gaze at the hogwart express , Mr. and Mrs. weasley materialize at she side . ( continued ) 32 a 32b 33 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 26 . continued : 32a mrs . weasley ( 0.s. ) come , Ginny . we will get you a seat . int . king cross 32b ron glance at the clock . ron we better hurry . Harry nod , lean into he trolley and -- crash ! -- hit the barrier and bounce back into ron . a guard glower . guard what in blaze d' you two think you be do ? harry sorry . lose control of the trolley . ( to ron ) why can not we get through ? ron I dunno . the gateway 's seal itself for some reason . as ron press he ear to the barrier , the clock chime . harry the train leave at exactly eleven o'clock . we have miss it . ron can not hear a thing . ( a sudden think ) Harry . if we can not get through , maybe mum and dad can not get back . harry maybe we should go wait by the car . ron the car ! ext . parking lot ( king be cross ) - moment later 33 push they trolley madly before they , Harry and ron dash to the car , load they belonging into the anglia 's boot . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 27 . 33 continued : 33 harry this be mad . we can not drive to hogwart . ron who say we be drive ? harry you do not mean -- ron , no . ron look , who know when mum and dad will get back . and we have get to get to school , have not we ? and even underage wizard be allow to use magic if it 's a absolute emergency . least that 's what Fred and George always say ... harry something tell I we be go to regret this . 33A int . anglia - day 33A ron tap he wand on the dash and the anglia burble to life . harry no offense , ron , but be you sure you know how to fly this . ron no problem . ron shift . with a great jolt , the car lift from the ground . ron there . see. now I reckon all we have to do be find the hogwart Express and follow it . simple . Harry nod , not entirely convinced . he peer out the window . down below , two pedestrian stare in disbelief . harry uh , ron . I should tell you . most muggles be not accustom to see a fly car . ron right . ron press a tiny silver button on the dashboard and they ... disappear . down below , the baffle pedestrian blink . 34 28 . ext . flying car ( scotland ) - day ( later ) 34 camera start in the cloud , pass through , find Scotland 's stun green . the anglia 's engine putter softly , when -- pop ! - the car reappear . ron jab at the silver button . ron uh oh . the invisibility booster must be faulty . camera zoom along the ridge of a cliff . the car reappear from above , glide away from camera . ron any sign of the train ? harry there ! up ahead ! look ... along a steep bridge , a single line of train track appear . ron brilliant . ron shift , glide down , until the anglia be only a few foot above the track . the boy peer ahead , look for the train . ron it must be around here someplace . behind they , through the anglia 's rear window , the hogwart Express appear , close fast . Harry and ron perk up . smile . harry do you hear that ? then , at precisely the same moment , Harry and ron register the direction of the sound . they glance at each other , turn as one and see the train growing huge in the rear window . harry / ron aaaahhhhh ! ron spin the wheel , put he foot to the gas and -- at the last possible second -- whip the anglia out of the train 's path . the car waffles , topples upside down briefly , before ... ( continued ) 34 35 29 . continued : 34 ... tilting onto its side . as it jet under the bridge , Harry go sliding down across he seat , into the door , and ... out . dangle upside - down from the open door , he watch the hogwart Express zip past and , in one window , glimpsis neville and seamus , mouth open in astonishment . ron take my hand ! Harry 's grip ron 's hand , eye the train steaming far below . it 's quite a drop . Harry 's finger begin to lose there grip . ron hold on ! harry I be try ! you hand 's all sweaty ! strain , ron yank he inside , level off the car . as Harry fall heavily into he seat , he buckle he safety belt . harry I think we find the train . ext . hogwart castle - flying car - night 35 as hogwart castle come into view , the anglia enter frame . ron welcome home , Harry . Harry smile at the sight of it , when ... the anglia groans . harry just out of interest , ron . have you ever land a car before ? ron well ... no. but , until a few hour ago , I would never take off in one either . with that , the car lurch , the nose drop , and ... ron uh oh . ( continued ) 35 30 . continued : 35 ... Harry , ron and car go pitching through the night . as ron rake the gear , they hurtle madly toward the castle wall . ron it's not working ! harry up ! up ! ron shift desperately . the anglia lurch up , barely clear the castle wall . Harry and ron exchange a look of relief , when ... the car groans again , lurch ... downward . harry mind that tree ! down below a giant willow tree loom . ron shift . nothing . harry turn ! turn ! Harry reach over and , together , he and ron spin the wheel . it 's useless . the car be head straight for the tree . desperately , ron whip out he wand and whack the dashboard . ron stop ! stop ! stop ! the wand snap in two and -- crunch ! -- car meet tree . Harry blink . they hang dreamily , balanced on the highest limb . ron my wand ! look at my wand ! harry be thankful it 's not you neck . thwunmp ! something heavy hit Harry 's door , send a shudder through the car . ron what 's happen ? slowly , they look up and , in disbelief , watch one of the tree 's branch pull back , curl into itself , and come lashing forward like a massive fist . thwump ! ( continued ) 35 36 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 harry / ron aaaaahhhhh ! the anglia tilt crazily , slide backwards and free -fall through the air and ... land on lower grid of branch . ron what kind of tree be this ? before Harry can respond , the tree begin to pummel the car from all side , toss Henry and ron about like popcorn . window shatter . heavy dent appear on the roof above ron and Harry 's head . then the car fall again ... ... slamming heavily to the ground . instantly , the tree 's lower branch shoot through the front and rear windscreen and , gain purchase , begin to shake the car back and forth . harry / ron aaaaahhhhh ! the tree pitch the car into the air . as the anglia slam down again , bob on its squealing shock , the engine burble back to life . Harry look up , peer through the shattered windscreen . the willow 's branch , as one , rear back , ready for one last punish blow . Harry cry out . harry reverse ! reverse ! ron shift , the car shoot backward , and the willow pummel the tread -marked ground they just vacate . safely clear , the door fly open , the seat tip sideways , and ron and Harry be eject . as they hit the ground , they trunk fly from the boot , hedwig 's cage rocket out the back window , and hedwig herself flap into the night . taillight blaze angrily , the batter car speed off , fishtail into the Dark Forest . ron dad 's go to kill I . they hear a tremendous groan , turn back , and see the whomp Willow assume its natural form , wait for its next victim . ext . stone step / entrance hall - night 36 filthy and bruise , Harry and ron drag themselves up the step . behind they we see the mountain of student trunk and cage pet already bring up from the train . ( continued ) 36 37 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 32 . continued : 36 harry a house elf show up in my bedroom , we can not get through the barrier to platform nine and Three quarter , we almost get kill by a tree ... clearly someone do not want I here this year . filch well , take a good look , lad ... they stop . argus filch stand at the top of the landing , he cat -- mrs . norris -- twitching she tail at he foot . filch this night might well be the last you spend in this castle . int . snape' office - moment later 37 closeup : the even Prophet enter frame . the headline read : flying ford anglia mystify muggle . below the fold a photo show Harry and lockhart at flourish and blott . camera pull back , professor severus snape stand at he desk , newspaper in hand as Harry and ron stare with dread . filch lurk in the doorway , eying they with pleasure . ( continued ) 37 continued : Harry and 33 . 37 snape you be see ! by no less then seven muggles . do you have any idea how serious this be ? you have risk the exposure of we world . not to mention the damage you inflicted on a whomp Willow that have be on this grounds for hundred of year . ron honestly , Professor snape , I think it do more damage to we . snape silence ! I assure you , be you in slytherin and you fate rest with I , the both of you would be on the train home tonight . as it be -- albus dumbledore they be not . ron turn . albus dumbledore stand in the doorway . alongside he be a distinctly annoyed professor mcgonagall . harry Professor dumbledore . Professor mcgonagall ... snape headmaster , this boy have flout the decree for the restriction of underage wizardry . as such ... albus dumbledore I be well aware of we bylaw , severus , have write more than a few myself . however , as head of gryffindor House , it be for Professor mcgonagall to determine the appropriate action . ron ( rise gloomily ) we will go and get we stuff . professor mcgonagall what be you talk about , Mr. weasley ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 34 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 ron well , you be go to expel we , be not you ? professor mcgonagall not today , Mr. weasley . but I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have do . I will be send owl to both of you family tonight . and you will each get a detention . snape cast a look of pure venom at Harry and ron . dumbledore splendid . now , I suggest we return to the feast . there 's a delicious - look custard tart I want to sample . rising , Harry spy a envelope on the floor . take it , he read the back : " kwikspell . a correspondence course in beginner' magic . " it 's address to " mr . argus filch . " harry Mr. filch . you drop this ... filch turn , eye the envelope with embarrassment , then snatch it from Harry 's hand and stuff it into he pocket . 38 omitted 38 39 ext . hogwart castle - morning 39 the whomp Willow sulk in the courtyard , sling strung about its injure branch . camera crane over the castle wall , revealing the exterior of greenhouse three , where student hurry inside for the beginning of class . 40 int . greenhouse three - morning 40 as Harry and ron enter , seamus , neville and some of the other gryffindor hover nearby . neville detention . on the first day ? seamus that must be some kind of record . ( continued ) 40 35 . continued : 40 hermione I should think you would count yourself lucky that 's all you get . ron I should think you would mind you own business . they glare at each other . professor sprout , a squat little witch , tap she wand on a stack of pot . professor sprout welcome to greenhouse Three , second year . today , we will be re-potting mandrake . now , who here can tell I the property of the mandrake ? yes , miss Granger . hermione mandrake , or mandragora , be use to return that who have be transfigure to they original state . it 's also quite dangerous . the mandrake 's cry be fatal to anyone who hear it . professor sprout excellent . ten point to gryffindor . as we mandrake be only seedling , they cry will not kill yet . however , they will knock you out for several hour . that be why I have provide each of you with a pair of earmuff . if you would then ... ron frown . he 's get a bright pink fluffy pair . when the class be ready , Professor sprout lead they to the garden area . she grasp one of the tufty plant before she ... and pull . Harry gasp . instead of root , a small , muddy , extremely ugly baby pop out of the earth , leave grow right out of its head . neville 's eye roll back . he faint . Professor sprout plunge the bawling creature deep into a pot , remove she earmuff , and the other follow suit . everyone save neville , who lie stretch on the ground . professor sprout hm. look as though Mr. longbottom neglect he muff . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 36 . 40 continued : ( 2 ) 40 seamus no , mar 'am . he 's just faint . professor sprout very well . we will just leave he then . come now . four to a tray , plenty of pot to go round ... 41 int . great hall - lunch - day 41 percy enter in the company of penelope clearwater , just as nearly headless nick glide by . penelope clearwater there 's nearly headless Nick . percy hello , Sir nicolas . nearly headless nick hello , percy . miss Clearwater . at the gryffindor table , hermione have she nose bury in gilderoy lockhart 's Travels with troll . ron run gob of spellotape over he broken wand , shake he head grimly . ron say it . I be doom . harry you be doom . flash ! -- a light blind Harry . he blink , find a small boy ( colin creevey ) stand before he with a camera . colin hiya , Harry . I be Colin creevey . I be in gryffindor too . harry hello , Colin . Nice to meet -- colin they be for my dad -- the picture . he 's a milkman , you know , a Muggle , like all we family 's be until I . no one know all the odd stuff I could do be magic till we get my letter from hogwart . everyone just think I be mental . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 37 . 41 continued : 41 ron imagine that . colin say , Harry . d' you think you friend could take a photo of I and you stand together ? ya ' know , to prove I have meet you ? Harry glance at ron . he look positively homicidal . mercifully , just then , owl stream into the Hall . dean thomas Post be here ! one after another , the bird swoop gracefully down , clutching letter from home . all except one , who plop beak - first into ron 's soup . errol . ron bloody bird 's a menace -- oh ... no . seamus head up , everyone . weasley 's get himself a howler . ( continued ) 41 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 37a . continued : ( 2 ) 41 neville go on , ron . I ignore one from my gran once ... and it be horrible . ron look pale . clutch in errol 's beak be a damp red envelope . hand shaking , he take it , open it , and ... mrs . weasley's voice thunder , send plate and spoon rattling . mrs . weasley ( v.o . ) ronald weasley ! how dare you steal that car ! I am absolutely disgust ! you father be now facing a inquiry at work and it's entirely you fault ! if you put another toe out of line we'll bring you straight home ! ( soften suddenly ) oh , and Ginny dear . congratulation on make gryffindor . you father and I be so proud . Ginny , sit a bit apart from the other , look up shyly , then return to the SMALL black book she 's scribbling in . ron watch the envelope rip itself to piece , then endure howl of laughter from the other House table . Colin creevey snap a few photo . Harry look sympathetically at ron . harry look at it this way . how much worse can thing get ? 42 int . gilderoy lockhart's classroom - day 38 . 42 gilderoy lockhart pace before the class . hermione and the girl hang on he every word , while Harry and ron eye the large , cover cage rattling mysteriously on he desk . gilderoy lockhart let I introduce you to you new Defense against the Dark Arts teacher . me. gilderoy lockhart , order of merlin , third class , honorary member of the Dark Force Defense League and five time winner of witch weekly 's most - charm - smile Award -- but I do not talk about that . I do not get rid of the bandon banshee by smile at she ! lockhart await laughter . a few student smile weakly . gilderoy lockhart I see you have all buy a complete set of my book . well do . I think we would start today with a little quiz . nothing to worry about . just to check how well you have read they , how much you have take in ... lockhart begin to circulate papers . Harry and ron examine the question . ron whisper to Harry . ron look at this question . they be all about he . harry ' what be gilderoy lockhart 's favorite color ? ' ron ' what be gilderoy lockhart 's great achievement to date ? ' harry ' when be gilderoy lockhart 's birthday and what would he ideal gift be ? ' gilderoy lockhart you have thirty minute . start -- now ! as quill begin to dart across page , we -- dissolve to : 39 . same scene - later lockhart rifle through the complete exam . gilderoy lockhart tut , tut . hardly any of you remember my favorite color be lilac . but miss hermione Granger know that my secret ambition be to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair care potion . good girl . hermione beam . lockhart 's expression suddenly darken . gilderoy lockhart now ... be warn ! it be my job to arm you against the foulest creature know to wizardkind ! you may find yourself face you own worst fear in this room . know only that no harm can befall you whilst I be here ... with a showman 's flair , lockhart turn slowly to the cage . gilderoy lockhart I must ask you not to scream . it might provoke they . a pale neville draw back . Harry and ron lean forward . lockhart let the tension build , then whip off the cover . Inside the cage be several electric blue creature . eight inch tall , with point face and wing , they rattle the bar and pull bizarre face at the student . seamus cornish pixie ? gilderoy lockhart freshly catch cornish pixie . unable to control himself , seamus snort with laughter . gilderoy lockhart laugh if you will , Mr. finnegan , but pixie can be devilishly tricky little blighter . let 's see what you make of they now ! lockhart fling open the cage . instantly , the pixie rocket about , spraying the student with ink bottle , breaking beaker and shredd book . two seize neville by the ear , lift he into the air , and begin to circle the ceiling . ( continued ) 42 42a 42b the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 40 . continued : 42 gilderoy lockhart come on now , round they up , round they up . they be only pixie . ( brandish he wand ) peskipiski pesternomi ! the spell have absolutely no effect . a particularly obnoxious pixie make a face , seize lockhart 's wand and toss it out the window . lockhart join the stampede to the door . gilderoy lockhart I will ask you three to just nip the rest of they back into they cage . slamming the door , he 's go . Harry , ron and hermione stand blink . ron swat a pixie gnaw he ear . ron what do we do now ? hermione ( raise she wand ) immobilus ! the pixie freeze in midair . neville fall , plop onto lockhart 's desk , shake but unhurt . he look at hermione . neville why be it always I ? omitted 42 a int . seventh floor - corridor - later 42b Fresh from the pixie , hermione , ron , Harry and neville walk . Hair askew . robe shred . ron can you believe he ? hermione I be sure Professor lockhart just want to give we some hand - on experience . harry hand on ? hermione , he do not have a clue what he be do . ( continued ) 42 B 43 44 45 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 41 . continued : 42b hermione rubbish . read he book . you will see all the amazing thing he 's do . ron he say he 's do . omitted 43 & 44 ext . hogwart - courtyard - day 45 the gryffindor Quidditch team -- Harry , Fred , George , alicia spinnet , katie bell , and angelina johnson -- trail Oliver Wood through the courtyard , toward the distant Quidditch pitch . several student be outside , study . woood I spend the summer devise a whole new Quidditch program . we be go to train earlier , harder , and longer ! ( squinting ) what the ... I do not believe it ! cross the courtyard from the other side be seven boy in GREEN robe , also carry broomstick . at they lead be marcus flint , trollish slytherin Captain . ron , sit at a table with hermione , look up . ( continued ) 45 continued : 42 . 45 ron uh-oh . I smell trouble . woood clear out , flint ! I book the pitch for gryffindor today . flint easy , Wood . I have get a note . as Wood snatch the parchment from flint 's hand , ron and hermione come up to join the other . woood 'i , Professor severus snape , do hereby give the slytherin team permission to practice today , owe to the need to train they new seeker . ' ( look up ) you have get a new seeker ? who ? a pasty - face boy push to the front . it 's ... malfoy . harry draco ? draco that 's right . and that 's not all that 's new this year ... as one , the seven slytherin hold out seven brand - new gleaming broomstick . the gryffindor look stunne . ron that be nimbus two thousand one . flint a generous gift from draco 's father . draco that 's right , weasley . you see , unlike some , my father can afford to buy the best . hermione at least no one on the gryffindor team have to buy they way in . they get in on pure talent . ( continued ) 45 46 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 draco no one ask you opinion , you filthy little mudblood . everyone react as if malfoy have say something horrific -- everyone save Harry , who look puzzle . instantly , Fred and George fly for draco 's throat . Oliver Wood hold they back . woood save it for the match . ron you will pay for that one , malfoy ! ( whip out he wand ) eat slug ! ron point he crack wand at malfoy . pfft ! -- a bolt of GREEN light scissors out the wrong end , hit ron himself in the stomach . as he drop to the grass , hermione run to he hermione ron ! say something ! ron open he mouth and ... belches . hermione draw back , and watch a trio of slug dribble out he mouth . the slytherin crow with laughter . angrily , ron rise , only to belch again . fascinate , Colin creevey run up with he camera . colin wow ! can you hold he still , Harry ?! harry get out of the way , Colin ! ( to hermione ) let 's take he to hagrid . he will know what to do . int . hagrid be hut - day 46 hagrid rummages about , look for something . hagrid get jus ' the thing . set ' im down on that chair o'er there . as ron sit , hagrid pitch a bucket between he knee . Harry and hermione glance up questioningly . hagrid shrug . ( continued ) 46 continued : 44 , 46 hagrid better out than in . who be he tryin ' ter curse anyway ? harry malfoy . he call hermione , well , I do not know exactly what it mean ... hermione ( quietly ) he call I a mudblood . hagrid he do n'! Harry look confuse . hermione glance at he , then away , obviously pain by this . hermione it mean dirty blood . mudblood 's a really foul name for someone who be muggle-born . someone with non-magic parent . someone ... like I . it 's not a term one usually hear in civilized conversation . hagrid yeh see , Harry . there be some wizard -- like malfoy 's family -- who think they be better than everyone else ' cause they be what people call pureblood . harry that 's horrible . ron ( belches forth a slug ) it 's disgusting ! hagrid a ' it 's codswallop ter boot . dirty blood . there 's ' ardly a wizard today that 's not half - blood or less . if we ad not marry muggles we would have die out long ago . besides , they have not invent a spell we hermione can not do ... ( take she shoulder ) Don ' you think on it , hermione . Don ' you think on it fer a minute . 47 48 49 the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/9/02 45/45a . omitted 47 & 48 int . gilderoy lockhart's office - evening ( hour later ) 49 camera pan the wall of lockhart 's office , line with framed photograph of ... gilderoy lockhart . Harry and lockhart work by candlelight at a ornate desk . bleary - eye , Harry address envelope , while a cheery lockhart put he signature to the stack of glossy photo bear he image . gilderoy lockhart Harry , Harry , Harry ... can you possibly imagine a better way to serve detention than by help I answer my fan mail ? Harry force a smile . gilderoy lockhart Fame 's a fickle friend , Harry . celebrity be as celebrity do . remember that . Harry nod , glance gloomily at the tower stack of envelope that remain . dipping he quill , he start to write , when ... a chilly voice fill the room . voice come ... come to I ... ( continued ) 49 49 ar 49 , continued : 49 harry what ? gilderoy lockhart I be say , six solid month at the top of the bestseller list ! break all record ! harry no ... not you , that ... voice . gilderoy lockhart Voice ? harry that ... voice . do not you hear it ? gilderoy lockhart what be you talk about , Harry ? I think we be get a bit drowsy . great Scott -- and no wonder -- look at the time ! we have be here nearly four hour ! dinner 's nearly do ! if you hurry you might make pudding . spooky how the time fly when one 's have fun ! harry spooky . int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 49 k Harry pass quickly through the lengthen shadow of the empty corridor , when ... voice blood ... I smell blood ... Harry stop cold , look around for the source of the voice . voice let I rip you ... let I kill you ... Harry step to the wall , play he finger along the stone , then begin walk , slowly at first , then more quickly , as if follow something , move faster and faster , round the corner and come face to face with ... hermione and ron . ( continued ) 49 ar 50 through 58 59 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 47 . continued : hermione Harry ! harry do you hear it ? ron hear what ? harry that ... voice . hermione Voice ? what voice ? harry ( eye darting around ) I hear it first in lockhart 's office and then again , just -- voice kill ... time to kill ... 49 ar as Harry stiffen , hermione and ron study he curiously . harry it 's move . I think it 's go to ... kill . Harry run off . hermione and ron exchange a glance , follow . omitted int . marble staircase - moment later Harry dash madly , take the step three at a time . make the landing , rush through the archway , and ... int . second floor corridor - second floor - night ... sled to a stop , listen : nothing . slowly , he peer down . water be ooze over the stone floor , surround he shoe . his own reflection appear and , behind it , undulate like a dream ... word . ron and hermione come huffing up . ( continued ) 50 through 58 he 59 59 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 48 . continued : 59 ron Harry , what be you do ? he point . shimmering on the wall be the word he see reflect in water . the chamber of secret have be opened enemies of the heir ... beware . hermione ' the chamber of secret have be open ...? ' ron what 's that ? hanging underneath ? harry that 's filch 's cat . Mrs. norris . the cat hang stiffly by she tail from a torch bracket , eye open and blank . Harry 's eye shift to the adjacent window : near the topmost pane , spider scuttle up a silvery thread , fight to get through a crack in the glass . hermione look at that . have you ever see spider act like that ? ron ...? ron ( back away ) I ... do not ... like ... spider . suddenly , the stairwell be alive with voice and , second later , dozen of student stream forth , chatter ... when they stop , see the wall and , stand before it , Harry , ron and hermione . a thudding silence fall . then draco push forward , eye the wall , and grin nastily . draco enemy of the heir , beware ! you will be next , mudblood ! draco 's eye find hermione , just as filch appear . filch what 's go on here ? go on now ! make way ... ( stop dead ) Mrs. norris ! ( round on Harry ) you ! you have murder my cat ! I will kill you ! I will -- ( continued ) 59 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 dumbledore argus ! dumbledore march forward , trail by a phalanx of teacher . see the wall , dumbledore 's face darken . dumbledore everyone will proceed to they dormitory immediately . ( to Harry , ron , hermione ) everyone except you three . as the corridor empty , dumbledore step to the wall and , with extreme gentleness , remove Mrs. norris . gilderoy lockhart it be definitely a curse that kill she -- probably the transmogrifian torture . encounter it myself once , in ouagadougou . the full story 's in my autobiography ... dumbledore she 's not dead , argus . she 's be petrify . gilderoy lockhart precisely ! so unlucky I be not there . I know the very countercurse that could have spare she ... dumbledore but how she 's be petrify ... I can not say . filch ( point at Harry ) ask he ! it 's he that 's do it . you see what he write on the wall ! besides , he know I be -- I 'ma squib . harry it 's not true , sir ! I swear ! I never touch Mrs. norris -- and I do not even know what a squib be . filch rubbish ! he see my kwikspell letter ! ( continued ) 59 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 50 . continued : ( 3 ) 59 snape if I might , headmaster ... the other turn , watch snape separate from the shadow . Harry and they ? snape perhaps Potter and he friend be simply in the wrong place at the wrong time ... the other blink . could snape be defend snape however , the circumstance be suspicious . I , for one , do not recall see Potter at dinner . gilderoy lockhart I be afraid that 's my do , severus . you see , Harry be help I answer my fan mail ... as snape 's lip curl in disgust , hermione leap in . hermione that 's why ron and I go look for he , Professor . we would just find he when Harry say ... snape ( raise a eyebrow ) yes , miss Granger ? harry when I say I be not hungry . we be head back to the common room and ... find Mrs. norris . snape eye Harry coldly , know he 's lie . Harry look away ... and find dumbledore study he as well . dumbledore innocent until prove guilty . filch my cat have be petrify ! I want to see some punishment ! ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 51 . 59 continued : ( 4 ) 59 dumbledore we will be able to cure she , argus . as I understand it , madam sprout have a very healthy growth of mandrake . when they have mature , a potion will be make which will revive Mrs. norris . in the meantime , I advise caution . to all . 60 omitted 60 60a int . corridor - night ( a bit later ) 60a Harry , ron and hermione walk down the corridor . ron a squib 's someone who 's bear into a wizarding family but have not get any power of they own . it 's why filch be try to learn magic from a kwikspell course . it 's also why he hate student so much . he 's bitter . hermione , who 's only be half - listen -- as if try to unravel something in she mind -- speak then . hermione Harry . this voice . you say you hear it first in lockhart 's office ? harry yes . hermione and do he hear it ? harry he say he do not . ron maybe he be lie . hermione I hardly think someone with gilderoy lockhart 's credential would lie to one of he student , Ronald . besides , if you recall , we do not hear anything either . ( continued ) 60 a 61 62 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/14/02 52 . continued : 60 a harry you do believe I , do not you ? hermione ' course we do . it 's just ... it 's a bit weird , be not it ? you hear this voice and then ... Mrs. norris turn up petrify . harry I can not explain it -- it be ... scary . ( frown ) d' you think I should have tell they ! -- dumbledore and the other , I mean . ron be you mad ! hermione no , Harry . even in the wizarding world , hearing voice be not a good sign . omitted 61 int . professor mcgonagall's classroom - morning mcgonagall stand before the class . resting on the desk in front of each student , be a different animal . professor mcgonagall today , we will be turn animal into water goblet . she tap the bird in front of she , three time , with the tip of she wand . it transfigure into a beautiful crystal water goblet . professor mcgonagall now , who would like to go first ... Mr. weasley ? ron nod . he tap he rat , scabber , who turn into a goblet with a tail . professor mcgonagall you must replace that wand , Mr. weasley . ron nod sheepishly , look at he break wand . ( continued ) 62 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 53 . continued : ( Al ) 62 mcgonagall see hermione 's raise hand . her untouched animal . professor mcgonagall yes , miss Granger ? hermione Professor , I be wonder if you could tell we about the chamber of secret ? a hush fall over the class . professor mcgonagall my subject be transfiguration , miss Granger . hermione yes , Professor . but there seem to be very little write about the chamber of secret . for that of we with a personal interest in the subject , that be ... disturbing . malfoy regards hermione with chilly amusement . mcgonagall consider hermione 's question for a long moment , then nod . professor mcgonagall very well . you all know , of course , that hogwart be found over a thousand year ago by the four great witch and wizard of the age : ( more ) ( continued ) 62 continued : 54 . 62 professor mcgonagall ( cont 'd ) godric gryffindor , helga hufflepuff , rowena ravenclaw , and Salazar slytherin . Three of the founder co-exist quite harmoniously . one do not . ron Three glass who ? professor mcgonagall Salazar slytherin wish to be more selective about the student admit to hogwart . he believe that magical learn should be keep within all - magic family . in other word , pureblood . unable to sway the other , he decide to leave the school . ( a beat ) accord to legend , slytherin have build a hide chamber in this castle , know as the chamber of secret . shortly before depart , he seal it until that time when he own true heir return to the school . the heir alone would be able to open the chamber of secret and unleash the horror within , and by so do , purge the school of all that who , in slytherin 's view , be unworthy to study magic . hermione muggle-born . professor mcgonagall yes . naturally , the school have be searched many time for such a chamber . it have never be find . hermione Professor , what exactly do legend tell we lie within the chamber ? professor mcgonagall the chamber be say to be home to something which the heir of slytherin alone can control . it be say to be home ... to a monster . ron 's eye shift . malfoy sit calmly , smile to himself . 63 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 55 . int . corridor - day 63 Harry , hermione , and ron thread they way through the teeming corridor . up ahead , malfoy walk with crabbe and goyle . ron D ' you think it 's true ? d' you think there really be a chamber of secret ? hermione yes . could not you tell : mcgonagall 's worried . all the teacher be . harry but if there really be a chamber of secret , and it 's really be open , that mean ... hermione the heir of slytherin have return to hogwart . the question be , who be it ? ron ( in mock puzzlement ) let 's think . who do we know who think muggle- born be scum . hermione ( eyeing malfoy ahead ) if you be talk about he -- ron of course ! you hear he : ' you will be next , mudblood ' ! hermione I hear he . but malfoy ? the heir of slytherin ? harry maybe ron 's right , hermione . I mean , look at he family . the whole lot of they have be in slytherin for century . ron crabbe and goyle must know . maybe we could trick they into tell ... ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 56 . 63 continued : 63 hermione no . even they be not that thick . but there might be another way . mind you , it would be difficult . not to mention we would be break about fifty school rule . and it would be dangerous . very dangerous . ron when do we start ? 64 int . library - night 64 in a dark nook , Harry , ron and hermione huddle round a book entitle moste potente potion . the spot page be litter with disturbing illustration . hermione here it be : ' the polyjuice potion . properly brew , the polyjuice potion allow the drinker to transform himself temporarily into the physical form of another ... 's ron you mean , Harry and I drink some of this stuff and we turn into crabbe and goyle ? hermione yes . ron wick ! malfoy '1ll tell we anything ! hermione exactly . but it 's tricky . I have never see a more complicated potion . lacew fly , leech , fluxweed . and , of course , we will need a bit of whoever we want to change into too . ron hang on now . I be drink nothing with crabbe 's toenail in it . ( continued ) 64 65 57 . continued : 64 harry how long will it take to make ? hermione a month . harry a month ? but if malfoy be the heir of slytherin ... he could attack half the muggle-born in the school by then . hermione you do not have to tell I that . ext . quidditch stadium - day 65 we join the Quidditch match in mid-game . the crowd roar , watch as slytherin chaser , bent low over they new broom , jet past the overmatch gryffindor . hagrid gallopin ' gorgon ! slytherin 's flyin ' like they get dragon fire in they broom ... ron fume , look as though he take slytherin 's dominance personally . take hagrid 's giant binoculars , he train they on the faculty BOX -- where lucius malfoy sit next to snape . Harry circle high above the pitch , search for the Golden snitch . suddenly , malfoy streak by overhead . draco all right there , scarhead ? Harry turn , eye malfoy malevolently . behind he , a bludger drop into frame , begin to streak toward he head . GEORGE harry ! watch out ! Harry wheel and at the last possible moment , slip the whistling bludger . crack ! George swoops down , bat it away . Harry turn , watch it soar away , then blink : the bludger turn , streak right back at he . Harry jets off . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 58 . 65 continued : 65 hagrid ( from the stand ) blimey , Harry 's get imself a rogue bludger ! ron rogue bludger ? hagrid look fer yerself ! it 's bin ' tampere with ! Harry execute a series of zig , zag , loop and roll , try to shake the bludger , but the bludger be relentless . ron instinctively draw he wand , begin to point it toward Harry and the bludger , when ... hermione 's hand intercede . she glance knowingly at he fracture wand . hermione you be joke , right ? besides , even with a proper wand , it 's too risky . you could hit Harry . as Harry frantically dip and dive , malfoy cruise by . draco train for the ballet , Potter ? Harry glance at malfoy 's sneering face . buz inch above malfoy 's leave ear be ... the golden snitch . Harry charge . malfoy gulp , swing clear , and watch Harry rocket past . as Harry chase the plummete snitch , malfoy follows in hot pursuit . they race downward , trail the hissing snitch deep into the trench circle the pitch . shoulder to shoulder , they race madly , drive and dodging the wooden support beam that crisscross they path . directly behind they , the bludger follows , shatter the beam as it dog Harry . malfoy kick Harry , force he to the edge of the trench . Harry brush the wall , battle for control . malfoy turn , snicker , then look back ... and find himself head smack into a wooden beam . panicked , he try to pull up . too late . broom meet beam and malfoy spiral out of the trench and -- thwump ! -- flat on he back in the middle of the pitch . ( continued ) 65 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 58a . continued : ( 1a ) 65 Harry continue on , close on the snitch , fingertip only inch from catch it ... when ... the rogue bludger smashes into Harry 's arm . Harry cry out , steady himself and with a brilliant , acrobatic move , snatch the snitch out of the air with he good hand . unable to control he broom with he shattered arm , he hit the pitch with a sickening thud . wincing , Harry roll onto he shoulder , squint up : a black dot -- grow rapidly larger -- be plummete from the sky , directly toward he . it 's ... the rogue bludger . instantly , Harry spin away , grimace in agony , as the bludger ... --. hit the ground like a sledge hammer , violently tattooing the pitch again and again , only inch from Harry . calmly , hermione stride forth , point she wand . hermione finite incantatem ! the bludger hang briefly in the air . slowly cease spin . drop heavily to the pitch . Harry exhales , relieved , only to recall the searing pain in he arm . as concerned face swim above he , one particular face push through the other : gilderoy lockhart not to worry , Harry . I will fix that arm of yours straight away . harry no ... no ... not you . ( continued ) 65 66 59 . continued : ( 3 ) 65 gilderoy lockhart poor boy do not know what he 's say . this will not hurt a bit ... lockhart twirl he wand , Harry brace himself , and ... nothing . he blink , look up : the face -- which now include ron , hermione , and hagrid -- look horror - stricken . gilderoy lockhart ah . yes . well , that can sometimes happen . the point be , the bone be no longer break . hagrid brok and ? he do not ' ave any bone at all ! Harry look : he arm look like a empty rubber glove . int . hospital wing - day 66 a daze malfoy slump out with crabbe and goyle . ron , stand by Harry 's bed with hermione , grin , then watch madam pomfrey pour out a steaming beakerful of liquid from a bottle of skele - gro . a group of gryffindor , include some of he teammate , stand nearby . madam pomfrey he should have be bring straight to I ! I can mend bone in a heartbeat -- but grow they back -- hermione you will be able to , will not you ? madam pomfrey I will be able to , certainly , but it will be painful . you be in for a rough night , Potter . regrowing bone be nasty business . Harry take the steaming cup and drink . grimace . madam pomfrey well , what do you expect -- pumpkin juice ? flash ! Harry blink , see Colin creevey stand there . ( continued ) 66 67 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 60 . continued : 66 colin that be brilliant today , Harry ! brilliant ! madam pomfrey out ! all of you ! this boy 's get thirty - three bone to regrow ! int . hospital wing - night 67 Harry fidget in the darkness , half -asleep , then ... he eyelid flutter slowly open ... harry moving Pov from the shadow that cling to the ceiling ... to the lattice - work of moonlight that burn softly on the wall around he ... back to scene he sense something ... a presence ... when ... five bandaged finger enter frame , begin to sponge he brow . Harry bolt upright , find ... harry dobby ! dobby Harry Potter come back to school . dobby warn he . Harry Potter should have listen to dobby . Harry Potter should have go back home when he miss the train . harry ( push the sponge away ) it be you ! you stop the barrier from let ron and I through ! dobby indeed yes , sir . dobby hide and watch for Harry Potter and seal the gateway . harry you nearly get ron and I expell ! ( continued ) 67 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 continued : 60a . ( Al ) 67 dobby at least you would be away from here . Harry Potter must go home ! dobby think he bludger would be enough to make Harry Potter see -- harry you bludger ? you make that bludger chase after I ? ( continued ) 67 continued : 61 . 67 dobby dobby feel most aggrieve , sir . ( waggling he finger ) dobby have to iron he hand ... harry you would better clear off before my bone come back , dobby , or I might strangle you ! dobby ( smile weakly ) dobby be use to death threat , sir . dobby get they five time a day at home . harry I do not suppose you could tell I why you be try to kill I ? dobby not kill you , sir , never kill you ! dobby remember how it be before Harry Potter triumph over he who must not be name . we house elve be treat like vermin , sir . of course , dobby be still treat like vermin ... dobby honk he nose on the filthy pillowcase he wear . harry why do you wear that thing , dobby ? dobby this , sir ? ' tis a mark of the house elf 's enslavement . dobby can only be freed if he master present he with clothes . the family be careful not to pass dobby so much as a sock , sir , for then he would be free to leave they house forever . dobby 's ear quiver , detect ... footstep . he whisper . dobby terrible thing be about to happen at hogwart ! Harry Potter must not stay here now that history be to repeat itself ! ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 62 . 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 harry repeat itself ? you mean , this have happen before ? dobby seize the skele - gro , beat himself about the head . harry tell I , dobby ? when do this happen before ? who 's do it now ? dobby dobby can not say , sir . dobby only want Harry Potter to be safe . harry no , dobby ! tell I ! who be it ? crack ! dobby be go . shadow flicker beyond the curtain encircle Harry 's bed . Harry slump down ... peer through a slit in the curtain . dumbledore , ina nightcap , and mcgonagall , in a tartan robe , heave a SMALL statue onto a empty bed . second later , madam pomfrey bustles in . madam pomfrey what 's happen ? dumbledore there 's be another attack . madam pomfrey gasp . it be not a statue lie there . it be Colin creevey , camera still clutch to he eye . professor mcgonagall perhaps he manage to get a picture of he attacker ... dumbledore open the camera . a jet of steam hiss forth . professor mcgonagall what do this mean , albus ? dumbledore it mean we student be in great danger , minerva . Mr. creevey be fortunate . if not for this ... ( hold up the camera ) he would surely be dead . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 62a. 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 professor mcgonagall what sould I tell the staff , albus ? dumbledore tell they the truth . tell they hogwart be no longer safe . tell they it 's as we fear . the chamber of secret be indeed open again . 68 omitted 68 68a ext . girl bathroom 68a we pan slowly from the defile wall to the bathroom door . 69 63 . int . girl bathroom - day 69 a gloomy place . crack mirror . chipped sink . guttering candle . Harry and ron huddle over a SMALL , bubbling cauldron , as hermione add strange ingredient . hermione again ? you mean , the chamber of secret have be open before ? ron of course ! do not you see ? lucius malfoy must have open it when he be at school here , and now he 's tell draco how to do it . hermione maybe . we will have to wait for the polyjuice potion to know for sure . ron enlighten I . why be we brewing this potion in broad daylight , in the middle of a girl ' lavatory ? do not you think we will get catch ? hermione never . no one over come in here . ron why ? hermione moan myrtle . ron who 's moan myrtle ? there be a loud , piercing screech , and the ghost of a young girl come racing out of the wall . face to face with ron . moaning myrtle I be moan myrtle . I would not expect you to know I . who would ever talk about fat , ugly , miserable , mope , moan myrtle ? myrtle sob loudly , dive head first into the toilet . hermione she 's a little sensitive . 70 64 . int . great hall - day 70 notice - board : dueling club ! first meeting tonight . a golden stage have be erect . lockhart strut atop it . Harry , ron , hermione and good number of other student watch . gilderoy lockhart Gather round ! Gather round ! can everyone see I ? can you all hear I ? excellent . in light of the dark event of recent week , Professor dumbledore have grant I permission to start this little dueling Club , to train you all up in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I myself have do on countless occasion -- for full detail , see my publish work . the boy next to Harry , justin - finch fletchley , turn to he . justin finch-fletchley that lockhart 's something , be not he ? awfully brave chap . ( offer he hand ) Justin finch - fletchley . hufflepuff . harry Nice to meet you . I be -- justin finch-fletchley I know who you be . we all do . even we muggle-born . Justin grin agreeably , look back to the stage , where Professor snape have join lockhart . gilderoy lockhart let I introduce my assistant Professor snape . he have sportingly agree to help I with a short demonstration . now I do not want any of you youngster to worry . you will still have you potion master when I be through with he , never fear ! ron what 's the fun in that ? lockhart and snape face each other and bow . they turn , walk ten pace , then ... spin ... wand poise like sword . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 65 . 70 continued : 70 gilderoy lockhart as you can see , we be hold we wand in the accept combative position . on the count of three , we will cast we first spell . neither of we will be aim to kill , of course . harry ( eyeing snape ) I would not bet on that . gilderoy lockhart one-two -three -- snape expelliarmus ! a dazzle flash of scarlet light burst forth and blast lockhart off he foot and into the wall behind . hermione do you think he 's all right ? harry / ron who care ? gilderoy lockhart ( vise unsteadily ) well , there you have it . that be a disarm charm . as you see , I have lose my wand . gilderoy lockhart ( as hermione return it ) ah , thank you , miss Granger . yes , a excellent idea to show they that , Professor snape , but if you do not mind my say so , it be very obvious what you be about to do . if I have want to stop you it would have be only too easy ... snape perhaps it would be prudent to first teach the student to block unfriendly spell , Professor . ( continued ) 70 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 70 gilderoy lockhart a excellent suggestion , Professor snape . let 's have a volunteer pair . Potter , weasley , how about you ? snape weasley 's wand cause devastation with the simple spell . we will be send Potter to the hospital wing in a matchbox . might I suggest someone from my own house . malfoy , perhaps . malfoy and Harry eye each other malevolently as they take they place onstage . grudgingly , they bow to each other . draco scare , Potter ? harry you wish . they turn , walk ten pace , then whirl , wand poise . gilderoy lockhart wand at the ready ! when I count to three , cast you charm to disarm you opponent -- only to disarm . we do not want any accident . one , two -- malfoy fire early , knock Harry off he foot with a blast of white light . he jump up , point he wand . harry rictusempra ! a jet of silver light hit malfoy dead in the stomach . he double up , wheeze . gilderoy lockhart I say disarm only ! draco serpensortia ! to Harry 's horror , the tip of malfoy 's wand explode and a long black snake slither forth . snape smile with amusement . ( continued ) 70 71 67 . continued : ( 3 ) 70 snape do not move , Potter . I will get rid of it for you . gilderoy lockhart allow I ! lockhart flick he wand . bang ! the snake fly into the air , hiss in rage , and slither straight towards Justin finch - fletchley . as student scream , Harry -- oddly calm -- approach the snake . it rise , fang expose , poise to strike Justin . harry ( in parseltongue ) leave he ! the snake look into Harry 's eye , then turn for Justin . harry ( in parseltongue ) leave he ! the snake hover a moment more , then -- miraculously -- slump to the floor . Harry blink , as if come out of a trance , grin curiously at the snake , and offer he hand to Justin . justin -finch-fletchley what be you play at ? terrify , Justin back away . confused , Harry eye the face around he . malfoy look shocked . seamus and neville 's eye glitter with fear . Ginny bolt the room . snape wave he wand and the snake vanish in puff of black smoke , then regards Harry with a look that be both shrewd and calculate . ron ( take Harry 's arm ) come on . move. now . int . gryffindor common room - day ( later ) 71 ron and hermione usher Harry inside . Harry glance up , see Ginny weasley stare down at he from the top of the stair . as they eye meet , she turn for the girl ' dormitory . ron you be a parselmouth ! why do not you tell we ? ( continued ) 71 68. continued : 71 harry I be a what ? hermione you can talk to snake . harry I know . I mean , I accidentally set a python on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once . but so what ? I bet load of people here can do it . hermione no . they can not . it 's not a very common gift , Harry . this be bad . harry what 's bad ? if I have not tell that snake not to attack Justin -- ron oh , that 's what you say to it . harry you be there ! you hear I ! ron I hear you speak parseltongue . snake language . harry I speak a different language ? but I do not realize -- how can I speak a language without know I can ? hermione I do not know , Harry . but it sound like you be egging the snake on or something . it be ... creepy . as gryffindor stream into the room , they eye Harry even seamus , neville , and Dean Thomas walk by without a word . hermione Harry , listen out I . there 's a reason the symbol of slytherin house be a serpent . Salazar slytherin be a parselmouth . he could talk to snake too . ( continued ) 71 72 73 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 ron exactly . and now the whole school 's go to think you be he great- great- great grandson or something . harry but I be not . I ... can not be . hermione he live a thousand year ago . for all we know ... you could be . ext . hogwart ' landscape - day 72 a heavy snow fall . Harry sit atop one of the tower hill face hogwart . hedwig sit beside he . harry who be I , hedwig ? what be I ? int . library - night 73 the trio study . Harry , burden by dark thought , look up at ron . he smile at Harry , then , second later , hermione do the same -- something force about it all . unable to bear it , Harry gather he book , get up from the table . as Harry walk , student glance up , meet he gaze , then look away . even madam pince eye he from she desk . Ginny weasley , tired and pale , scribbles furiously in a SMALL black book . Harry exit , walk into the hallway and pause . from inside a room , the voice of a group of hufflepuff can be hear . ernie so , anyway , I tell Justin to hide up in we dormitory . I mean to say , if Potter 's mark he down as he next victim , it 's best he keep a low profile for a while . hannah but why would he want to attack Justin ? ( continued ) 73 74 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 70 . continued : 73 ernie Justin let it slip to Potter that he be muggle-born . hannah and you definitely think Potter 's the heir of slytherin ? ernie Hannah , he 's a parselmouth . everyone know that 's the mark of a dark wizard . have you ever hear of a decent one who could talk to snake ? they call slytherin himself serpent-tongue . ( whisper darkly ) remember what be write on the wall : enemy of the heir beware . Potter have some sort of run - in with filch . next thing we know , filch 's cat 's attack . that first - year creevey 's be annoying Potter . then creevey 's attack . hannah he always seem so nice , though . and , after all , he be the one who make you know who disappear . ernie that 's probably why you know who want to kill he in the first place . do not want another Dark Lord compete with he . Harry do not need to hear anymore . he slip quietly away . int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 74 muttering , Harry storm straight into hagrid , who stand cover in snow , a dead rooster dangle from he hand . hagrid all righ ' , Harry ? harry hagrid ... what be you do here ? ( continued ) 74 75 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 71 . continued : 74 hagrid ( hold up the rooster ) second one kill this term . reckon it 's either fox or a blood -suckin ' bugbear . need dumbledore 's permission ter put a charm round the hen-coop . yeh sure yeh be all righ ' , Harry ? yeh look all hot a ' bother . harry it 's nothing . I would better get go . I have get a lot of study ... int . another corridor - night ( moment later ) 75 Harry enter , slow . up ahead , in the light of a flickering torch , something dark lie . a windowpane rattle in the wind and the torch ... go out . Harry step closer , find ... justin-finch - fletchley . lying rigid on the floor , a look of shock on he freeze face . nearby , a inert nearly headless Nick float , body teeming with black smoke . kneel , Harry notice a trail of spider scuttling away from Justin 's body and out the loose windowpane ... when suddenly ... ... Harry sense someone watch he , wheel : mcgonagall . harry Professor , I swear I do not -- professor mcgonagall this be out of my hand , Potter . Mr. filch , will you take care of this , please ? Harry 's eye shift . filch lurk in the shadow beyond mcgonagall . he step forward , hiss quietly . filch caught in the act . I will have you out this time , Potter . Mark my word ... as mcgonagall lead Harry away , he look back . filch stare at Justin and Nick , then turn . camera dollys away from he . ( continued ) 75 76 77 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 72 . continued : 75 filch Dark magic . that 's what you have get , Potter . even the air you breathe come out poison . you be evil . evil as they come ... int . gargoyle corridor - night ( moment later ) 76 mcgonagall march Harry down to a ugly stone gargoyle . professor mcgonagall sherbet lemon . the gargoyle spring to life , its wing open . professor mcgonagall Professor dumbledore will be wait for you . mcgonagall usher Harry inside . it 's a elevator . the gargoyle 's wing close . Harry rise to a upper floor . int . dumbledore's office - night 77 Harry step out of the gargoyle 's embrace and enter a large , circular room . strange silver instrument whir quietly . on a nearby shelf , the sorting hat sit . Harry cast a wary eye at the past headmaster snoozing in the portrait around he . in the last portrait , the headmaster be awake , read a book . he be professor dippet . Harry approach the sort hat , glance around , then place it atop he head . sorting hat bee in you bonnet , Potter ? harry well , you see , I be wonder ... ( continued ) 77 73 . continued : 77 sorting hat if I put you in the right house ? yes ... you be particularly difficult to place . but I stand by what I say last year ... you would have do well in slytherin . Harry strip the hat off , toss it back onto the shelf . harry you be wrong ! the hat sit motionless . Silent . hear a gagging SOUND , Harry wheel , find a old , decrepit bird ( fawke ) sit on a golden perch . it wobble , then ... burst into flame . as dumbledore enter , Harry look horror - strike . harry Professor , you bird ... I could not do anything ... he just catch fire . dumbledore about time too . he 's be look dreadful for day . pity you have to see he on a Burning Day . he 's really very handsome most of the time . ( off Harry 's look ) fawk be a phoenix , Harry . phoenixe burst into flame when it be time for they to die and be reborn from the ash . Harry look to the floor . the ash swirl . a baby fawk poke out he wrinkle head , blink through the dust . dumbledore fascinating creature , phoenix . they can carry immensely heavy load , they tear have heal power , and they make highly faithful pet . just then , hagrid -- still clutching the dead rooster -- burst through the door . hagrid it be not Harry , Professor dumbledore ! ( continued ) 77 78 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 77 dumbledore hagrid -- hagrid I be talkin ' ter ' im jus ' before that kid be find . it can not have bin im ! dumbledore hagrid -- hagrid I will swear ter it in front o' the Ministry o' Magic -- dumbledore hagrid ! I do not think that Harry have attack anyone . hagrid oh. right . i'11l wait outside then . as hagrid exit , Harry look hopefully at dumbledore . harry you do not think it be I , Professor ? dumbledore no , Harry . but I must ask you ... be there anything you would like to tell I . anything at all ? dumbledore wait . Harry debate . finally ... harry no , Professor . nothing . ext . hogwart castle - day 78 student drift into the snow with they trunk , head home for holiday . as Harry , ron , and hermione appear , Ernie and few other cast wary glance . fred make way for the heir of slytherin ! seriously evil wizard come through ! ron grin , amused , then see Harry -- anything but . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 75 . 78 continued : 78 ron oh , c'mon , Harry . Fred 's just have a laugh . harry he 's the only one . ron okay , so half the school think you be nip off to the chamber of secret every night . who care ? harry maybe they be right . hermione ( reproachfully ) Harry ! harry ( frustrated ) I do not know I could speak parseltongue . what else do not I know about myself ? maybe you can do something ... even something horrible ... and not know you do it . hermione you do not believe that , Harry , I know you do not . and if it make you feel better , I just hear malfoy 's stay over for holiday , too . ron why would that make anyone feel better ? hermione because , in a few day , the polyjuice potion 's will be ready . in a few day ... we may truly know who be the heir of slytherin . 79 int . great hall - night 79 the Christmas feast . the Hall glimmer grandly as snowflake tumble from the ceiling . Harry and ron sit with hermione . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 75a. 79 continued : ( Al ) 79 hermione everything 's set . we just need a bit of who you be change into . harry crabbe and goyle . hermione and we also need to make sure that the real crabbe and goyle can not burst in on we while we be interrogate malfoy . ron how ? hermione hold up a pair of SMALL cake . hermione I have get it all work out . I have fill this with a simple sleep draught . simple , but powerful . ron glance at malfoy , crabbe , and goyle , who presently be eat everything in front of they . hermione you know how greedy crabbe and goyle be . they will not leave the Christmas feast until every last drop of trifle be go . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 80 81 the chamber of secret - Rev. 11/20/01 76 . continued : 79 hermione ( cont 'd ) now , once they be asleep , hide they in a broom cupboard and pull out a few of they hair . ron and whose hair be you rip out ? hermione I have already get mine . she remove a SMALL vial . Inside be a tiny hair . hermione millicent bulstrode . she 's in slytherin . I get this off she robe . ( rise ) all right then ... I be go to check on the polyjuice potion . hermione point to the cake in front of she . hermione remember . just make sure crabbe and goyle find this . hermione exit . ron look at Harry . ron have you ever hear of a plan where so many thing could go wrong ? int . entrance hall - night ( a bit later ) 80 Harry and ron , lurking behind a suit of armor , watch crabbe and goyle exit the great Hall . goyle spy the cake instantly , perch on the end of one of the banister . grabbing they , he reluctantly surrender one to crabbe and , in unison , they stuff they into they mouth . they pause . look at each other . and keel flat onto they back . Harry and ron dash out , drag crabbe and goyle across the floor and into a cupboard . int . girl ' bathroom - night ( moment later ) 81 hermione , wear a slytherin robe , hover over a smoking cauldron . Harry and ron enter . ( continued ) 81 the chamber of secret - Rev. 11/20/01 76a . continued : 81 hermione do you get it ? Harry and ron hold up they hand . in each : a tuft of hair . hermione point to a pair of slytherin robe . hermione I sneak that out of the laundry . Harry and ron nod , glance at the cauldron . the potion resemble a thick , dark , bubbling mud . ( continued ) 81 77 . continued : 81 hermione I be sure I have do everything right . it look like the book say it should . once we have drunk it , we will have exactly one hour before we change back into ourselves . ron now what ? hermione we separate it into three glass and add the hair . Harry and ron grimace . cut to : closeup - the potion be pour into three glass . camera pull back . Harry and ron have change into the slytherin robe . all three raise they glass . Drop the hair . the potion turn shade of yellow , brown , and khaki . ron ugh. essence of crabbe ... they nod . drink . ron swallow grimly , double over . ron think I be gonna be sick ... he run into a stall . Harry look sick , step to a cracked mirror . hermione pause . look worried . something 's wrong ... inside the stall : ron bend over the toilet , watch he reflection morph into crabbe . in the cracked mirror : Harry watch he face contort into the thick feature of goyle . hermione look at she arm . patch of fur begin to spread across she wrist and hand . terrify , she run into a stall . ron emerge from he stall , a dead ringer for crabbe . ( continued ) 78 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 ron Harry ? harry ron ? ron bloody hell . harry we still sound like ourselves . you need to sound more like crabbe . ron ( adjust voice ) bloody hell . harry lower . ron ( lower still ) bloody hell . harry less intelligent . ron ( dumbing it down ) bloody hell . harry excellent . ron hey ... where 's hermione ? hermione ( 0.s. ) ( from the stall ) I -- I do not think I be go . you go on without I . harry hermione , be you okay ? hermione ( 0.s. ) just go ! you be waste time ! 82 omitted 82 83 84 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 79 . ext . marble staircase - night ( moment later ) 83 Harry and ron hurry down the staircase . ron do not swing you arm like that . crabbe hold they sort of stiff . Harry go a bit more " neanderthal . " ron yeah . that 's better . gloomy corridor / dungeon - night ( moment later ) 84 Harry and ron move quickly , when ... footstep sound . second later , percy appear at the end of the corridor . ron what be you do here ? percy squint , confuse by ron 's voice . Harry elbow ron , who clear he throat and speak in a lower voice . ron what be you do here ? percy I happen to be a prefect . you , on the other hand , have no business wander the corridor at night . it 's not safe this day . Harry and ron nod , afraid to speak . percy squint again . percy what be you name again ? draco crabbe . goyle . where have you be ? pig out in the great Hall all this time ? draco be walk towards they , glance witheringly at percy . draco and what be you do down here , weasley ? percy mind you attitude , malfoy . you want to show a little bit more respect to a school prefect ! ( continued ) 84 85 86 80 . continued : 84 draco come on , boy . weasley think he 's go to catch slytherin 's hair single -hande . percy steam . draco sneer , walk off with Harry and ron. omitted 85 int . slytherin common room - night ( later ) 86 Harry and ron trail draco inside , glance around warily . draco listen to this ... draco grab the Daily Prophet , read the front page . draco ' Arthur weasley , head of the misuse of Muggle artefact Office , be today fine fifty galleon for bewitch a Muggle car . " weasley have bring the Ministry into disrepute , " say lucius malfoy , a governor of hogwart . " he be clearly unfit to draw up we law and he ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately . " ' grinning , malfoy glance over the paper at Harry and ron. draco Arthur weasley love Muggle so much he should snap he wand in half and go join they . you would never know the weasley be pureblood , the way they behave . embarrassment to the wizarding world . all of they . ron growl . Harry elbow he . draco look surprised . draco what 's up with you , crabbe ? ron ( low voice ) stomachache . ( continued ) 86 continued : 81 . 86 draco well , go to the hospital wing and give all that mudblood a kick in the arse for I ! you know , I be surprised the Daily Prophet have not report all this attack yet . I suppose dumbledore 's try to hush it all up . he will be sack if it do not stop soon . Father always say dumbledore 's the worst thing that 's ever happen to this place . harry you be wrong ! draco what ? do you say that I be wrong ? you think there 's someone here who 's worse than dumbledore ? ron stiffen . worried . Harry think , then : Harry and draco . harry Harry Potter . draco ( grin ) good one , goyle . you be absolutely right . Saint Potter . he 's another one with no proper wizard feel , or he would not go around with that mudblood Granger . and people actually think he 's the heir of slytherin . ron exchange a glance . Harry lean closer to harry then you must have some idea who 's behind it all ? draco you know I have not , goyle . how many time do I have to tell you ? but my father do say this much : it 's be fifty year since the chamber be open . he would not tell I who open it -- only that they be expell -- but I know this : the last time the chamber of secret be open , a mudblood die . ( more ) ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 86 draco ( cont 'd ) so it 's only a matter of time before one of they 's kill this time . as for I ... I hope it 's Granger . as malfoy grin , ron 's fist rise ... when Harry stop he . draco what 's the matter with you two ? you be act very ... odd . ron Ho ! Harry turn , see ron stare wide - eye : Harry 's scar be beginning to surface beneath the skin of goyle 's thick forehead . and crabbe 's hair be ... turn red . they both jump to they foot , dashing out of the room . draco hey ! where be you go ? int . entrance hall - night ( moment later ) 87 as Harry and ron race toward the stair , the broom closet burst open and a woozy crabbe and goyle stagger out . they freeze -- watch themselves run up the staircase . int . second floor corridor - night ( moment later ) 88 Harry and ron sprint toward the desecrate wall , they body metamorphose , until , finally , as they hit the door ... int . girl bathroom - night 89 ... they be fully themselves once more . ron that be close ! harry hermione , come out . we have get load to tell you ! hermione go away ! ( continued ) 89 90 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 83 . continued : 89 as Harry and ron exchange a puzzle glance , moan myrtle spiral into view , look disturbingly ... happy . moaning myrtle ooh , wait till you see . it 's awful ! the stall 's lock slide back . the door open slowly . hermione ( 0.s. ) do you remember I tell you the polyjuice potion be only for human transformation ...? even in shadow , they can see : hermione 's face be cover in fur , she eye yellow , and pointed ear poke through she hair . hermione it be cat hair I pluck off millicent bulstrode 's robe ! look at my face ! ron look at you tail . int . hospital wing - day ( two week later ) 90 stagger under the weight of the library book in they arm , Harry and ron make they way to hermione 's bed , which be cover in ... book . hermione oh , good . put that anywhere . they look . there be no anywhere . so they just ... drop they . ron madam pince ask that we relay a message to you , hermione : she would appreciate it if you would leave a few book for the rest of the school . hermione I have get to keep up , have not I ? just then , hermione 's tail twitches into view . ron be that thing ever go away ? ( continued ) 90 91 92 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 84 . continued : ron take omitted 90 hermione any day now , accord to madam pomfrey . I be just thankful I have stop cough up fur ball . ron we all be , believe I . hermione now . what about the chamber of secret ? any new lead ? harry nothing . hermione and have it get any better ? I mean ... be anyone speak to you ? harry neville ask to borrow a tubeworm in potion yesterday . I suppose that 's something . a get -well card from under hermione 's pillow . ron ' to miss Granger . wish you a speedy recovery , from you concerned teacher gilderoy lockhart . ' you sleep with this under you pillow ? hermione of course not . I do not know how that get there . now go . I still have six hundred page to read in transformation through the Ages . 91 ext . second -floor corridor - night ( moment later ) 92 Harry and ron mount the stair , emerge . ron I know hermione 's mental , but can you believe she fall for that smarmy nonsense of lockhart 's ? ( continued ) 92 93 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 continued : they stop . look down . a great flood of water from the Girls ' bathroom . from within , myrtle hear moaning . harry look like myrtle 's flood the bathroom . as Harry sploshes off toward the bathroom , ron lightly . ron yuck . int . girl bathroom - night ( moment later ) huge , wracking moan echo off the dreary tile . 84a . 92 stream can be step 93 all the tap be run , stream like tiny waterfall . as Harry and ron step to the last cubicle , myrtle accusingly . spin ( continued ) 93 94 85 . continued : 93 moaning myrtle come to throw something else at I ? harry why would I throw something at you ? moaning myrtle do not ask I . here I be , mind my own business , and someone think it 's funny to throw a book at I ... ron but it can not hurt if someone throw something at you . I mean , it would just go right through you , would not it ? moaning myrtle oh sure ! let 's all throw book at myrtle , because she can not feel it ! ten point if you can get it through she stomach . fifty point if it go through she head ! harry who throw it at you anyway ? moaning myrtle I do not know . I do not see they . I be just sit in the u-bend , think about death and it fall through the top of my head . Harry see a SMALL black book on the floor . pick it up . ron fifty point if you can get it through she nose . moaning myrtle I heard that ! Harry and ron dash out . int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 94 Harry examine the book as he and ron walk . harry this be a diary . and it 's old ... ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/9/02 86 . 94 continued : 94 ron it 's a diary , it 's old ... and be most recently in a toilet , Harry . Harry start to open it ... when ron grab he hand . ron be you mad ? that could be curse . dad once tell I about a book the Ministry confiscate that burn the eye out of anyone who try to read it . harry I will take my chance ... ( open it ) ahhh ! my eye ! my eye ! ron freeze , terrify , when ... Harry grin , end the ruse . at the end of corridor , Ginny stand , look from the diary to Harry -- utter terror on she face -- then dash off . harry Ginny ! I be only joke -- brilliant . even you sister think I be the monster now . ron who do not ? ron frown suddenly . on the first page on the diary , embossed letter spell out a name : tom marvolo riddle . ron tin marvolo riddle ? hang on . I know that name ... ( think , then ) of course ! the night I have detention ... my job be to polish the silver in the trophy room . I remember because I keep burping slug all over Tom riddle 's trophy . I must have wipe slime off he name for a hour . Harry fan the page . they be empty . harry that 's odd . he never write in it . 95 int . hospital wing - later that night 95 closeup : diary . a gold embossed address on the back read : waxflatter' booksellers . 422 vauxhall road . ( continued ) 95 the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/9/02 87 . continued : 95 camera pull back . Harry sit with hermione in the moonlit room . hermione study the diary curiously . hermione Tom riddle ... hm . and ron say he win a award fifty year ago ? harry special service to the School or something -- hermione fifty year ago ? you be sure ? harry yes . why ? hermione do not you remember what malfoy tell you ? the last time the chamber of secret be open be -- harry fifty year ago ! that mean -- hermione Tom riddle be here , at hogwart , when it happen . what if he write about what he see ? it 's possible he know where the chamber be , how to open it , even what sort of creature life in it . if so , whoever 's behind the attack this time would not want a diary like this lie around , would they ? harry that 's a brilliant theory , hermione . with just one tiny little flaw . there 's nothing write in this diary . hermione it might be invisible ink. ( pull out she wand ) aparecium ! she tap the diary three time . nothing happen . the page remain blank . she frown , pass the book back to Harry . ( continued ) 95 96 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 95 hermione I do not know , Harry . but I think you should be careful with this . something tell I ron might be right . it could be dangerous . harry you do not think I be dangerous , do you , hermione ? I mean , you be not scared . of I . hermione I be scared , Harry . but not of you . int . gryffindor dormitory / common room - night ( later ) 96 camera start overhead , look down on the boy ' dormitory . seamus , neville , ron and Dean sleep . one bed be empty . camera crane to the common room , find Harry sit alone , flipping through the blank page of the diary . Harry start to set the diary aside , then notice a bottle of ink sit on the desk . a idea flicker . take he quill , Harry dip it , and hesitates . as he do , a drop of ink hang , suspend like a tear , then ... drop . the ink blaze briefly , then ... vanish ... as if it be suck into the page . excite , Harry dip he quill again , and , this time , write : my name be Harry Potter . the word blaze , vanish . slowly , ooze out of the page , come a response : hello , Harry Potter . my name be Tom riddle . Harry 's mind race . decide , he mutter the word he write : harry do ... you ... know ... anything ... about ... the ... chamber ... of ... secret ? yes. harry can ... you ... tell ... I ? no . ( continued ) 96 97 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 89 . continued : 96 Harry frown . then ... slowly ... new word ooze to the surface . but I can show you ... Harry wait , intrigue . then , suddenly ... the page flutter wildly , stop on " June the 13th . " on the page , a tiny square shimmer ... like a window . Harry lift the book , put he eye close and ... pitch forward , spilling through the widen window , into a whirl of color and shadow , tumble onto he foot ... int . corridor / entrance hall - night ( fifty year ago ) 97 ... in torch - light corridor . everything be de-saturate , save for Harry , who retain the true , rich color of the present . he glance about , disorient , then spy a boy ( tom riddle ) at the end of the corridor , peer around a corner . a flurry of shadow dance on the wall beyond the boy , revealing the presence of other , unseen , in a adjoin room . as Harry advance , low voice emanate from the shadow . as he reach the boy , Harry speak in a whisper : harry Excuse I . could you tell I where I be ? hello ...? the boy do not respond , eye stake to the activity in the adjoin room ... which Harry see now be the entrance Hall . a group of elder witch and wizard -- hogwart Professors -- talk amongst themselves , then ... abruptly go silent . make way for two young wizard , bear a stretcher . voice ( 0.s. ) riddle . the boy wheel ... and look right through Harry . Harry turn , too . it 's dumbledore ... fifty year young . tom riddle Professor dumbledore . dumbledore it 's not wise to be wander around this late , Tom . ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 90 . continued : 97 tom riddle yes , Professor . I suppose I -- I just have to see for myself , if ... riddle glance toward the young wizard , watch they carry the stretcher out of the Hall , into the night . tom riddle ... the rumor be true . dumbledore I be afraid they be , Tom . tom riddle about the school as well ? they would not really close hogwart , would they , Professor ? dumbledore headmaster dippet may have no choice , I be afraid . tom riddle Sir ? if it all stop . if the person responsible be catch ... dumbledore be there something you wish to tell I , Tom ? tom riddle ( a long beat ) no , sir . nothing . dumbledore study riddle for a moment . dumbledore very well then . hurry along . dumbledore stride directly past Harry , not see he . when he be go , riddle move quickly , toward the dungeon step . omitted 98 & 99 int . corridor - dungeon - night ( moment later ) 100 up ahead , a splinter of light leak through a door . riddle put he eye to the crack . Inside , someone be speak . ( continued ) 100 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 91 . continued : 100 voice ( 0.s. ) c'mon , aragog . gotta get yeh outta here ... c'mon now .. in the box ... as riddle push the door clear , Harry see a second , smaller room . crouched by a BOX , be a huge boy ... young hagrid . a strange clicking come from the BOX . tom riddle even , hagrid . hagrid slam the door shut . tom riddle I be go to have to turn you in , hagrid . I do not think you mean it to kill anyone -- young hagrid no , yeh can not ! yeh don ' understand ! tom riddle hagrid . the dead girl 's parent will be here tomorrow . the least hogwart can do be make sure the thing that kill they daughter be slaughter . young hagrid it wasn ' he ! aragog never would kill no one ! never ! riddle monster do not make good pet , hagrid . now ... stand aside ... riddle draw he wand , blast the close door off its hinge , extinguish the torch within . Harry gasp . a low -slung creature with a tangle of black leg , a gleam of many eye and a pair of razor - sharp pincer , scuttle out of the shadow . as riddle point he wand at it , hagrid leap ... young hagrid noooooo ! ( continued ) 100 100 a 100 B 101 102 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 as they tumble to the floor , the entire room whirl off its axis , spin , and Harry find himself plummete through color and shadow again , fall flat on he back to ... ... the floor of the gryffindor common room , the ceiling above spin , slowly , to a stop . Harry rise , dash upstairs . int . boy ' dormitory - night 100a Harry rush to ron , shake he awake , whispering intensely . harry ron ! ron! ron what ? what 's happen ...? harry it be hagrid . hagrid open the chamber of secret fifty year ago . ext . hogwart - establishing shot - day 100b camera soar high over the castle , as below , student hurry to they class . finally , it find : omitted 101 ext./ int . hogwart ground - day ( later ) 102 Harry , ron and hermione walk together across the grounds . hermione it can not be hagrid . it just can not be . ron we do not even know this riddle . he sound like a dirty , rotten snitch to I . harry the monster have kill someone , ron . what would any of we do ? hermione look . hagrid 's we friend . why do not we just go ask he about it ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 93 . 102 continued : 102 ron that would be a cheerful visit . hullo , hagrid . tell we , have you be set anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately ? hagrid mad a ' hairy ? wouldn ' be talkin ' ' bou I , now would yeh ? the trio wheel , spot hagrid grin at they . they instantly look guilty . harry / ron / hermione no ! hagrid look at they curiously . Harry nod to the strange canister in he hand . harry what 's that you have get , hagrid ? hagrid flesh - eatin ' slug repellent . fer the mandrake , yeh know . accordin ' ter Professor sprout , they still get a bit o' growin ' up ter do , but once they acne clear up , we will be able to chop em up , stew em , a ' get that people in the hospital un - petrify . ' til then , you three best watch yerselve , all righ ' ? they nod , watch hagrid lope away . just then , neville come run up . he look pale with fright . neville Harry , I do not know who do it , but ... you would better come . the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 94 . 103 omitted 103 104 int . gryffindor tower dormitory - day 104 Harry 's space be a disaster : trunk riffle , drawer flung open , bedclothes strewn on the floor . hermione it have to be a gryffindor . nobody else know we password . unless , it be not a student ... ( continued ) 104 105 105 a the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 95 . continued : 104 ron well , whoever it be , they be look for something . harry and they find it ... Tom riddle 's diary be go . ext . hogwart ground - day 105 student stream into the Quidditch Stadium . int . marble staircase - day 105 a Harry , dress in he Quidditch robe , dash down the staircase with ron and hermione . down below , ron spy Ginny . ron hey , Ginny ! go to the match ? Ginny look up , startle , then shake she head and exit . ron I tell you , she get weirder and weirder by the day ... voice ( 0.s. ) kill this time ... let I rip ... tear . Harry freeze . ron and hermione stop , know by he face ... ron no ... do not tell I ... Harry turn , as if follow the SOUND , absently touch he finger to the wall as he glance around . hermione study he with great interest -- study he finger -- then , abruptly , Harry turn away , shake he head : it 's go . hermione look up , eye vaguely upon Harry , but she mind mile away . hermione Harry ... I think I have just understand something ! I have get to go to the library ! as hermione sprint back up the stair , Harry yell . harry what do you understand ! ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 96 . 105a continued : 105a but she 's go . Harry turn to ron in puzzlement . harry the library ? ron that 's hermione . when in doubt , go to the library 106 ext . rear of quidditch stadium - day ( later ) 106 Harry and he teammate march toward the Quidditch tower . the cheer of the crowd be hear . woood listen up now . we play we game , hufflepuff do not stand a chance . we be stronger , quick , smarter . GEORGE not to mention they be dead terrify Harry will petrify they if they fly anywhere near he . woood that , too . just then , Professor mcgonagall appear , barring they way . woood Professor mcgonagall -- professor mcgonagall this match have be cancel . woood cancell ! they can not cancel Quidditch -- professor mcgonagall silence , Wood ! you will return to gryffindor Tower now . Potter , you and I will find Mr. weasley . there 's something the both of you need to see . 107 int . hospital wing - day 107 mcgonagall pause outside the door , turn to Harry and ron . ( continued ) 107 108 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 97 . continued : 107 professor mcgonagall I warn you . this will be a bit of a shock . she open the door . madam pomfrey be lean over a bed where a girl lie . as she straighten up , we see the girl be ... ron hermione ! professor mcgonagall she be find near the library . along with this . do it mean anything to either of you ? she hold up a SMALL circular mirror . Harry shake he head . mcgonagall nod gravely , lead they out . as they go , the camera drift to hermione's hand . clinch tight in she stiff knuckle , barely visible , be ... a piece of paper . int . gryffindor common room - night 108 mcgonagall read from a parchment to the somber gryffindor . professor mcgonagall all student will return to they house common room by six o'clock in the evening . you will be escort to each lesson by a teacher . no exception . ( roll up the parchment ) I should tell you all this . unless the culprit behind this attack be catch , it be likely that the school will be close . mcgonagall turn , exit . instantly , as one , the student begin to talk amongst themselves . neville speak up . neville have not any of the teacher notice that the slytherin be all safe ? be not it obvious all this stuff 's come from slytherin ? the heir of slytherin , the monster of slytherin -- why do not they just chuck all the slytherin out ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 98 . 108 continued : 108 seamus they can not close hogwart . where would we all go ? dean thomas I do not care what anyone say . as long as dumbledore 's here , hogwart will be here . Harry whisper to ron . harry we have get to talk to hagrid , ron . I can not believe it 's he . but if he do set the monster loose last time -- even by accident -- he will know how to get inside the chamber of secret . and that 's a start . ron but you hear mcgonagall . we be not allow to leave the tower except for class -- harry I think it 's time to get my dad 's old cloak out again . 109 int . tower dormitory - night ( later ) 109 closeup : a drawer open , a hand reach in , take the invisibility cloak . camera pull back , reveal ron and Harry . all around they , the other boy sleep . Harry pitch the cloak over himself and ron . they be go . 110 omitted 110 & & 111 111 112 int . entrance hall - night 112 Harry and ron , beneath the cloak , sneak by a unaware snape . 112a omitted 112a 113 114 99 . ext . hagrid be hut - night 113 a knock . hagrid swing open the door . crossbow in hand . hagrid who 's there ? Harry and ron drop the cloak . hagrid lower the crossbow . int . hagrid be hut - night 114 fang , hagrid 's enormous boarhound , thump he tail at the sight of Harry and ron . Harry point to the crossbow . harry what 's that for ? hagrid nothin ' , nothin ' . I have be expectin ' ... do not matter . sit down ... I will make tea ... hagrid nervously take the kettle , spill the water .. harry be you okay ? hagrid ? do you hear about hermione ? hagrid oh , yea . I hear , all righ 's . harry look ... we have to ask you something . do you know who 's open the chamber of secret ? hagrid take a fruit cake , stop , about to answer , when ... there be a loud knock . the fruitcake smashes to the floor . panicked , Harry and ron throw the cloak over themselves . sweating , hagrid grab he crossbow , point it at the door . hagrid C -come in . the door open . a grim dumbledore enter , follow by a portly man in a pin-stripe suit and bowler : cornelius fudge . dumbledore good evening , hagrid . ( continued ) 100 . 114 continued : 114 ron ( whisper to Harry ) that 's dad 's boss ! cornelius fudge . the Minister of Magic ! Harry elbow ron to shut he up . fudge bad business , hagrid . very bad business . have to come . four attack on muggle-born . thing have go far enough . Ministry 's get to act . hagrid I never ... you know I never , Professor dumbledore , sir ... dumbledore I want it understand , cornelius , that hagrid have my full confidence . fudge look , albus , hagrid 's record 's against he . I have get to take he . hagrid take I ? where ? not azkaban prison . fudge for a short stretch only . nota punishment , hagrid . more a precaution . if someone else be catch , you will be release with a full apology . just then , there be a sharp rap on the door . as dumbledore open it , Harry slump . it 's lucius malfoy . lucius malfoy already here , fudge ? good , good ... hagrid what be you doin ' here ! get outta my house ! ( continued ) 114 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 114 lucius malfoy my dear man , please believe I , I have no pleasure at all in be inside you -- do you call this a house ? I simply call at the school and be tell the headmaster be here . dumbledore and what exactly do you want with I , lucius ? lucius malfoy dreadful thing , dumbledore , but the governor feel it 's time for you to step aside . this be a order of suspension . you will find all twelve signature on it . I be afraid we feel you be lose you touch . what with all this attack , there will be no Muggle - born leave at hogwart . and we all know what a awful loss that would be . malfoy hand fudge a official roll of parchment . fudge now , see here , lucius . dumbledore suspend . no , no ... last thing we want right now ... if dumbledore can not stop this attack ... I mean to say , who can ? lucius malfoy that remain to be see , but as all twelve governor have vote -- hagrid a ' how many do yeh have ter threaten before they agree ! lucius malfoy I would advise you not to shout at the azkaban guard like that . hagrid yeh can take dumbledore ! take he away a ' the muggle-born win ' stand a chance ! there will be killin' next ! ( continued ) 114 102 . continued : ( 3 ) 114 dumbledore calm yourself , hagrid ! ( steely - eye ) if the governor want my removal , lucius , I shall of course step aside . however ... you will find that I will only truly have leave this school when none here be loyal to I . you will also find that help will always be give at hogwart to that who ... ask for it . dumbledore 's eye drift -- unmistakably -- to Harry . lucius malfoy admirable sentiment . we shall all miss you highly individual way of run thing , albus , and only hope you successor will manage to prevent any more , um , killin' . malfoy stride to the door and bow dumbledore out . fudge , fiddling with he bowler , wait for hagrid . instead , hagrid stand he ground , take a deep breath and say carefully ... hagrid if anyone want ter find out some stuff , all they would have ter do be follow the spider . that would lead em right ! tha 's all I be sayin ' . fudge stare at hagrid in amazement , then follow he out . as the door slam shut , fang start to howl , scratch at the close door . Harry and ron emerge from the cloak . ron hagrid 's right . with dumbledore go , there will be a attack a day . harry look ... at the windowsill , a trail of spider escape through a crack in the glass . Harry grab hagrid 's lantern . harry c'mon. 115 through 118 119 120 121 103 . omitted 115 through 118 ext . hagrid be hut - night 119 Harry illuminate the trail of spider . they run from the window to the ground , to the dark tree in the near distance . as Harry move to follow , ron hesitates . ron what be you do ? harry you hear hagrid . follow the spider . ron they be head into the Dark Forest . Harry sigh , head off . terrify , ron grab fang , follow . ron why spider . why could not it be ' follow the butterfly ' ? omitted 120 ext . dark forest - night 121 fang crash through low -slung branch and sharp bramble as Harry follow . ron gingerly pick he way , the jump ... as fang howl . branch SNAP . a rumbling noise sound , then ... silence . Harry spy something , point 0o.s. harry there 's something move over there ... something big . just then a blaze of light splinter the tree , blind they . they start to flee ... when ron stop . ron Harry !... Harry , it 's we car ! scratch and mud-smeare , with bit of earth and grass sprout from its headlamps and hubcap -- the Ford anglia look half - animal . ron circle it in wonder . ( continued ) 121 121a the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 104 . continued : 121 harry it 's be here all the time ! look at it . the Forest have turn it wild . Harry nod , then glance back up the slope . harry c'mon , we do not want to lose the trail . ext . spider ' hollow - night 121a Harry and ron enter a hollow ribbone with shadow . enormous tree tower over they , strewn with strand of white webbing . ron step on a strand , kick it off queasily . Harry peer up ahead : at the far end of the hollow , the spider stream toward a dark open . as Harry and ron approach the open , a clicking SOUND emanate from within , echoing in the branch of the tall tree . growing louder . ron falter , glance about nervously . ron I do not have a good feel about this , Harry -- harry do not panic . as Harry step to the mouth of the cavern , the AIR suddenly crackle with movement . twig SNAP . a huge shadow emerge , slowly engulf Harry . he peer up . sees : a ancient spider ( aragog ) , the size of a small elephant . as it advance , Harry and ron back slowly away . then : its blind eye catch the light , and it stop . as if listen . aragog you do not come from the forest . you heart beat like ... men. harry ( breathe finally ) yes . we be friend of hagrid 's . and you ... you be ... ( as it come to he ) ... aragog , be not you ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 105 . 121a continued : 121a hear this , aragog 's head turn slightly . aragog hagrid have never send man into we hollow before . harry he 's in trouble . up at school , there have be attack . they think it 's hagrid . they think he 's open the chamber of secret . like before . as Harry talk , ron 's eye dart warily about , then ... ron' Pov - a pair of long leg -- spider' legs -- curl slowly around the trunk of the tree to he leave . terrify , ron nudge Harry , but Harry ignore he . aragog that 's a lie ! hagrid never opend the chamber of secret ! harry but if hagrid never ... that mean ... you be not the monster . aragog the monster be bear in the castle . I come from a distant land , in the pocket of a traveler . ron turn . two crawling silhouettes inch forward . pause . wait . watch . ron Harry ... harry shhh ! ( to aragog ) but if you be not the monster , what do kill that girl fifty year ago ? aragog we do not speak of it ! it be a ancient creature we spider fear above all other . harry but have you see it ? ( continued ) 121a the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 106 . continued : ( 2 ) 121a a scrabbling SOUND echoes above ron . he glance up : a spider crouch on a branch above . aragog I never see any part of the castle but the cupboard in which hagrid keep I . the girl be discover in a bathroom . when I be accuse , hagrid bring I here . more scrabbling . ron look up . we pan up with he . see : spider -- in high and low branch -- dropping downward like paratrooper . ron grab Harry . harry ( annoyed ) what ! ron point . Harry look . pale . turn slowly back to aragog . harry well ... thank you . we will just go ... aragog go ? I think not . my son and daughter do not harm hagrid , on my command . but I can not deny they fresh meat when it wander so willingly into we midst . Goodbye , friend of hagrid . aragog turn , disappear into the shadow of the cavern . ron can we panic now ? click ! click ! click ! Harry and ron spin . a gang of five - foot spider bar the path ahead . begin to move forward . Harry and ron spin again : spider . everywhere . close in . desperately , Harry swing the lantern in he hand . the spider falter , then creep forward again as the arc of the light chase itself away . around and around . then : the lantern go out . Harry pitch it aside . as one , he and ron draw they wand . ron Nice know you . ( continued ) 121a 121b the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 106a . continued : ( 3 ) 121a they be do for . fang whimper . the spider draw closer , clicking feverishly , when ... ... a long , loud horn bleat . second later , a blaze of light ignites the hollow and the ford anglia come thundering over the rim and down the slope , knocking spider out of its path . as it screech to a halt , the door fling OPEN . harry let 's go ! Harry , ron and fang leap inside . ron shift frantically . a spider appear at Harry 's open window . harry the window ! roll up the window ! ron ( try ) I can 't ! it's stuck ! just then , a hairy leg reach through ron 's window . instantly , ron hit the gas , throw the car into reverse . spider scatter , but the two cling to the side window hold tight . as the car zoom backward out of the hollow , Harry roll he window tight , snapping off he spider' legs . ext . another part of the forest - night 121b the anglia jet out of the hollow , land with a thud . Harry turn . the other spider be pulling ron from the car . Harry point he wand , utter a spell and a blinding flash of white light blast the spider into the shadow whipping past . ron thanks for that . ( continued ) 121b 121c 121d 107 . continued : 121b harry do not mention it . they stop . both hear it : a distant clicking . as the car fly over a ridge , they see they : a sea of spider head straight for they like a herd of raging wildebeest . ron put he foot to the floor , spin the wheel and send the car slide away . the spider stampede after . ext . another part of the forest - black park - night 121c '' the anglia slalom through the forest , skim past tree as the spider charge after . Harry peer ahead , sees a area of fallen tree . there be a open , one narrow escape route . harry that way ! it 's the only way out ! ( look back ) hurry ! they be catch up ! ron jam the accelerator ... just as a giant tarantula drop in front of the escape route . Harry and ron be as good as dead . harry can you get we in the air ? ron ( jostling the gear stick ) Flying gear 's jamme ! the spider behind draw closer . the tarantula wait ahead . Harry clap he hand over ron 's on the gear shift , push . the tarantula 's pincer open , ready to kill , when ... the gear shift give , the anglia 's wheel lift and the car fly over camera , leave the furious spider below . the car barely avoid the rear tarantula , then sail over the tree . ext . hagrid be hut - night 121d as they land , fang bolt free . Harry and ron exit the car wearily , then watch it turn and rumble back into the forest . ( continued ) 121d 122 through 122cc 123 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 108. continued : 121d ron " follow the spider ' ! follow the spider ' ! if he ever get out of azkaban , I will kill hagrid . I mean , what be the point of send we in there ? what have we find out ? harry we know one thing . hagrid never open the chamber of secret . he be innocent . omitted 122 through 122c int . hospital wing - day 123 madam pomfrey bar the door , frown at Harry and ron . madam pomfrey there 's no point in talk to a petrify person . she will not hear a word you be say . ron shift uncomfortably . ron we know that , madam pomfrey . it 's just , well , you see , we think , maybe , we could ... be with she for a bit . she 's we ... friend , you see , and ... even if she can not hear we ... I mean , it can not hurt , can it ? a glint of sympathy flicker in pomfrey 's eye . madam pomfrey very well then . but be quick about it . as she exit , the boy step to she bed . absently , ron pick up the circular mirror that lie on the nightstand . eye lockhart 's get well card . ron you do not think lockhart could be the heir of slytherin , do you ? ( off Harry 's look ) right . forget I say it . ( continued ) 123 124 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 109 . continued : 123 Harry study hermione 's face . harry wish you be here , hermione . we need you . now more than ever ... just then , the mirror in ron 's hand catch the late afternoon sunlight and cast a jag flame across hermione 's hand . Harry watch the light dance over she finger ... then look closer . see the paper clutch there . int . corridor - dusk ( later ) 124 Harry and ron duck into a alcove , take out the crinkle paper , which , we see now , be torn from a library book . harry ' of the many fearsome beast that roam we land , none be more deadly than the basilisk . capable of live for hundred of year , instant death await any who meet this giant serpent 's eye . spider flee before it and only the crow of the rooster can kill it . ' ( look up ) ron ! this be it ! the monster in the chamber of secret be a basilisk . that 's why I can hear it speak . it 's a snake . ron but it kill by look people in the eye . why be it no one 's dead ? Harry frown , contemplate this , then catch he and ron 's reflection in the window opposite . he mutter softly : harry because no one do look it in the eye . not directly at least ... ( in a rush ) Colin see it through he camera . Justin -- Justin must have see the basilisk through nearly headless Nick ! Nick get the full blast of it , but he 's a ghost -- he could not die again ... ( more ) ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 110 . 124 continued : 124 harry ( cont 'd ) .-+. and hermione ... have the mirror ! I bet you anything she be use it to look round corner , in case it come along . ron and Mrs. norris ? I be pretty sure she do not have a camera or a mirror , Harry . harry the water ... there be water on the floor that night . she only see the basilisk 's reflection ... ( scan the page again ) the crow of the rooster be fatal to it ! that 's why hagrid 's rooster be kill ! spider flee before it ! it all fit ! ron but how 's the basilisk be get around ? a dirty great snake . someone would have see ... harry hermione answer that too . Harry point . scribble , in hermione 's hand , be : " pipe . " ron ( aghast ) pipe ...? it 's use the plumbing . harry remember what aragog say ? about that girl fifty year ago ? she die in a bathroom . what if she never leave . ron moan myrtle ! Harry nod . just then , mcgonagall 's voice echoes throughout the castle , magically magnify . ( continued ) 124 125 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 ll. continued : ( 2 ) 124 professor mcgonagall ( v.o. ) all student be to return to they house dormitory at once . all teacher to the second floor corridor . immediately . int . second floor - corridor - dusk ( moment later ) 125 mcgonagall stand before the desecrate wall , surround by the rest of the staff . Harry and ron creep up the stairwell . professor mcgonagall as you can see , the heir of slytherin have leave another message . we worst fear have be realize . a student have be take by the monster . into the chamber itself . ( as the teacher react ) I be afraid we shall have to send the student home . I be afraid ... this be the end of hogwart . gilderoy lockhart ( burst in cheerily ) so sorry . doze off . what have I miss ? snape just the man . a girl have be snatch by the monster , lockhart . you moment have come at last . gilderoy lockhart my m-moment ? snape be not you say just last night that you have know all along where the entrance to the chamber of secret be ? gilderoy lockhart d-did I ? I do not recall ... professor mcgonagall that settles it . we will leave it to you to deal with the monster , gilderoy . you skill , after all , be legend . ( continued ) 125 126 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 112. continued : 125 gilderoy lockhart v-very well . I will -- I will be in my office , get -- get ready . professor mcgonagall the rest of we should go and inform the student what have happen . professor sprout who be it the monster 's take , minerva ? professor mcgonagall Ginny weasley . ron 's knee give way . as Harry catch he , the staff scatter , revealing what be write on the wall : her skeleton will lie in the chamber forever . int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 126 Harry and a very upset ron walk with desperate purpose . ron she know something , Harry . she would find out something about the chamber of secret . that 's why she be take . I mean , she be -- be -- a pure-blood . there can not be any other reason . harry ( pull he away ) C 'mon . let 's go see lockhart . he may be a brainless git , but he 's go to try and get into the chamber . we can tell he what we know ... ron Harry . d' you think there 's any chance at all she 's not , you know -- Harry glance over , study ron 's torture eye . harry we will find she , ron . Ginny 's go to be fine . ( continued ) 126 127 128 the chamber of secret - Rev. 1/28/02 113/114 . continued : 126 ron nod , smile shakily , and look away . as he do , Harry 's face change , look troubled . even he do not believe what he 's just say . omitted 127 int . gilderoy lockhart's office - night 128 Harry and ron dash inside . harry Professor , we have get some information for you -- Harry and ron stop dead . lockhart 's office be stripped to the shelf . two large trunk stand open . harry be you go somewhere ? gilderoy lockhart um , well , yes . urgent call . unavoidable . get to go ... ron what about my sister ? gilderoy lockhart well , as to that -- most unfortunate . no one regret more than I -- ron you be the Defense against the Dark Arts teacher ! you can not go now ! gilderoy lockhart I must say , when I take the job , nothing in the job description -- ( continued ) 128 continued : 115 . 128 harry you be run away ? after all that stuff you do in you book ? gilderoy lockhart book can be misleading . harry you write they ! gilderoy lockhart my dear boy , do use you common sense . my book would not have sell half as well if people do not think I would do all that thing . no one want to read about some ugly old armenian warlock , even if he do save a village from werewolve . he would look dreadful on the front cover . no dress sense at all ... harry you be a fraud ! you have just be take credit for what a load of other wizard have do ! gilderoy lockhart Harry , Harry , Harry . there be work involved . I have to track this people down and ask they exactly how they manage to do what they do . no , it 's not all book signing and publicity photo . you want fame , you have to be prepare for a long , hard slog . ron be there anything you can do ? gilderoy lockhart yes , now that you mention it . I be rather gift with memory charm . otherwise , you see , all that wizard would have go blabbing and I would never have sell another book . I be afraid I will have to do the same to you both , lest you do the same . lockhart lift he wand , but Harry be quick . ( continued ) 128 129 130 continued : ( 2 ) harry expelliarmus ! lockhart blast backwards , toppling into one trunk , he wand fly across the floor . harry look like that dueling Lessons come in handy after all , Professor . omitted int . girl ' bathroom - night lockhart walk ahead of Harry and ron , they point at he . moan myrtle float above moaning myrtle who 's there ? oh ... ( smile , flirty ) hello , Harry . what do you want ? harry to ask you how you die . moaning myrtle ( flatter ) oooooh , it be dreadful . it happen right here . in this very cubicle . I would hide because olive hornby be teasing I about my glass . I be cry , and then I hear somebody come in . harry who be it , myrtle ? moaning myrtle I do not know ! I be distraught ! but they say something funny . a kind of make - up language . and I realize it be a boy speak . so I unlock the door , to tell he to go away , and ... I die . harry just like that ? how ? 116 . 128 of the open 129 130 wand the cistern . ( continued ) 130 117 . continued : 130 moaning myrtle no idea . I just remember see a pair of great big yellow eye . over there ... myrtle point to the bank of sink . Harry and ron hurry over , examine the pipe below , the tile above , then ... Harry see it : etched on one of the copper tap be a tiny snake . harry this be it , ron . this be the entrance to the chamber of secret . ron say something , Harry . say something in parseltongue . Harry stare off self - consciously at the tiny snake . harry open up . ron shake he head . Harry 's speak in he regular voice . ron English . Harry concentrate harder this time , stare so intensely that the snake almost look alive . when , finally , he speak , it be more like a hiss . parseltongue . the circular group of sink OPEN and a large , OPEN pipe be expose . gilderoy lockhart excellent , Harry . good work . well then . I '11 just be go . there 's no need for I ... harry oh , yes there be . you first . Harry point he wand at lockhart , then the open . gilderoy lockhart now , boy . what good will it do ? ron a bloody lot of good if it 's a two -hundre - foot drop onto jag rock . ( continued ) 130 131 132 118 . continued : ( 2 ) 130 lockhart step grimly to the dark , gape hole . ron give he a shove and he topple headfirst and out of sight . they wait . finally ... gilderoy lockhart ( 0.s. ) it 's really quite filthy down here . harry all right . let 's go . moaning myrtle oh , Harry ... if you die down there , you be welcome to share my toilet . harry thanks , myrtle . Harry turn . jump . second later , ron follow . int . pipe - night 131 Harry and ron slide wick fast , in a hair-raise vertical plummet , catch glimpsis of other , smaller pipe branching off in all direction , twist and turn until the pipe level off , dump they onto the damp floor of a stone tunnel . int . tunnel - night 132 lockhart stare miserably at the muck drip from he robe . Harry take a torch from the wall , poise he wand . harry lumos ! the torch bloom with a bright orange flame . harry remember . any sign of movement , close you eye straight away . Harry lead the way down the tunnel . crunch ! they look down : a rat 's skull . all around they , the ground be litter with tiny skeleton . ron squint , see something huge and curve lie ahead . when he speak , he voice be hollow with dread . ( continued ) 132 119 . continued : 132 ron what 's that ? up ahead ? gilderoy lockhart that look like a ... snake . terrify , lockhart quickly hide he eye . harry maybe it 's asleep . ron draw he wand as they approach , squinting . Harry shine he light , revealing ... a gigantic coil of empty skin . ron bloody hell . whatever shed this must be twenty foot long . or more . thud ! they turn . lockhart have pass out . ron heart of a lion , this one . ron kneel by he , when ... lockhart 's eye open and , quick as a fox ... he snatch ron 's wand and scramble to he foot . gilderoy lockhart the adventure end here , boy ! but do not fret . the world will know we story . how I be too late to save the girl . how you two tragically lose you mind at the sight of she mangle body . I will even bind a limited edition in this snake skin . say goodbye to you memory . ( raise ron 's wand ) obliviate ! ron 's wand explode like a small bomb , blasting lockhart off he feet and spitting great jets of FIRE into the rock above . as rubble rain , ron leap one way and Harry the other . Harry sit up , squint through the settling dust . a solid wall of broken rock seal the tunnel between he and ron . intercut Harry and ron . harry ron ? be you okay ? ( continued ) 132 133 the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 120 . continued : ( 2 ) 132 ron I be okay . this git 's not , though . he get blast by my wand . lockhart sit up , daze . ron pick up a rock and conk he on the head . lockhart pass out . ron call to Harry . ron what now ? harry wait here . I will go on . i'1l go on and ... find Ginny . if I be not back in a hour ... he leave it there . ron I will try and shift some of this rock . so you can get back through . and , Harry -- harry see you in a bit . Harry glance at the snake skin at he foot , move off . he step carefully through the shadow until he reach a towering stone wall , carve with twin serpent . harry ( parseltongue ) open . the serpent part and the giant wall slide OPEN . Harry remove he wand and enter . int . chamber of secret - night 133 a vast chamber stretch ahead . along the path be row of stone serpent . the serpent rest in pool of black water . ahead be a enormous statue of salazar slytherin . several foot in front of the statue , Ginny weasley lie motionless . as Harry dash and take she into he arm , she head loll to one side , cheek white as marble . a pale hand clutches tom riddle's diary to she chest . Harry drop the torch , race to Ginny , place he wand on the floor and kneel beside she . ( bold italic indicate possible flashbacks . ) harry Ginny ! please do not be dead . Ginny ! wake up ! wake up ! ( continued ) 133 the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 121 . continued : 133 tom riddle she will not wake . Harry spin . Tom riddle stand nearby . he be strangely blurred around the edge , as though Harry be look at he through a mist window . harry Tom ... Tom riddle ? what d' you mean , she will not wake ? she 's not ... tom riddle she 's still alive . but only just . harry be you a ghost ? tom riddle a memory . preserved in a diary for fifty year . Harry look to the diary in Ginny 's hand , then place he own hand on Ginny 's arm . harry she 's cold as ice . you have get to help I , Tom . there 's a basilisk -- tom riddle it will not come until it 's call . Harry look up , see riddle twirling a wand in he finger . harry give I my wand , Tom . tom riddle you will not be need it . harry listen , we have get to go ! we have get to save she ! tom riddle I be afraid I can not do that , Harry . you see , as poor Ginny grow weaker ... I grow stronger . harry but she 's die ! ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 122. 133 . continued : ( 2 ) 133 tom riddle yes . I be afraid so . but then , she 's be in so much pain , poor Ginny . she 's be write to I for month , tell I all she pitiful worry and woe . Ginny pour she soul out to I . I grow stronger on a diet of she deep fear , she darkest secret . I grow powerful enough to start feed Ginny a few secret , to start pour a bit of my soul back into she ... riddle , grow less vaporous by the second , grin cruelly . tom riddle yes , Harry , it be Ginny weasley who open the chamber of secret . harry no ... she could not -- she would not . tom riddle it be Ginny who set the basilisk on the mudblood and the squib 's cat . Ginny who write threaten message on the wall . harry but ... why ?... tom riddle because I tell she to . you will find that I can be very persuasive . not that she know what she be do . she be , shall we say , in a kind of trance . still , the power of the diary begin to scare she and she try to dispose of it in the girl ' bathroom . but then , who should find it ... but you . the very person I be most anxious to meet . harry ( get angry ) and why do you want to meet I ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 123. 133 continued : ( 3 ) 133 tom riddle Ginny tell I all about you . I know I have to talk to you , meet you if I could . so I decide to show you my capture of that brainless oaf , hagrid , to gain you trust . harry hagrid 's my friend . and you frame he , do not you ? tom riddle it be my word against hagrid 's . only dumbledore seem to think hagrid be innocent . harry I will bet dumbledore see right through you . tom riddle I know it would not be safe to open the chamber again while I be still at school . so I decide to leave behind a diary , preserve my sixteen - year - old self in its page , so that one day ... I would be able to lead another to finish Salazar slytherin 's noble work . harry well , you have not finish it this time . in a few hour mandrake draught will be ready and everyone who be petrify will be all right again . tom riddle have not I tell you , that kill mudblood do not matter to I anymore ? for many month now , my new target have be ... you . ( grin ) imagine my disappointment when I learn Ginny have steal the diary back from you . harry Ginny steal the diary from my room ? but why ? ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 124 . 133 continued : ( 4 ) 133 tom riddle she be afraid . afraid you would learn how to work the diary . afraid I would tell you just who it be that have be strangling all that rooster . horrify , Harry glance at Ginny , grow more pale , then back to riddle , who be grow more solid . tom riddle come now , Harry . do not look so disappointed . have Ginny succeed in destroy the diary , she would have destroy I . and we could not be have this little talk . and I have so many question for you . harry like what ? tom riddle well , how be it that a baby with no extraordinary magical talent manage to defeat the great wizard of all time ? how do you escape with nothing but a scar , while Lord voldemort 's power be destroy ? harry why do you care how I escape ? voldemort be after you time . tom riddle voldemort be my past , present and future . riddle pull Harry 's wand from he pocket and begin to trace it through the air , write three word : " tom marvolo riddle . " then , with a wave , he re-arranges they : " I am lord voldemort . " harry you . you be the heir of slytherin . you be voldemort ? tom riddle surely you do not think I would keep my filthy Muggle father 's name ? ( more ) ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 125 . continued : ( 5 ) 133 tom riddle ( cont 'd ) no , I fashioned myself a new name , a name I know wizard everywhere would one day fear to speak , when I become the great sorcerer in the world . harry albus dumbledore be the great sorcerer in the world ! tom riddle dumbledore 's be drive out of this castle by the mere memory of I . harry he will never be go ! not as long as that who remain be loyal to he ! suddenly , music ... eerie and unearthly ... echoes deep within the chamber and a small , swift shadow ribbon over the rock . Flying from above be fawke , the Phoenix . the bird swoops into the chamber , clutching a ragged bundle in its golden talon . harry fawk . fawk fly toward Harry , drop the rag bundle , which be the sorting hat , at he foot . riddle pick it up . tom riddle _ _ ( giggle ) . this be what dumbledore send he defender ! a songbird and a old hat ! riddle toss aside the hat . he turn to the statue of Salazar slytherin and speak in parseltongue . tom riddle ( parseltongue ) speak to I , slytherin . suddenly , the stone face 's mouth open . there be a rumbling SOUND , follow by the sound of slithering . Harry turn away . the basilisk , a giant serpent , spill out , uncoil heavily to the floor . Harry turn to the wall . the shadow of the serpent be visible on the wall . pan to Tom riddle , look at Harry . ( continued ) 133 133a the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/21/02 126 . continued : ( 6 ) 133 tom riddle let 's match the power of Lord voldemort , heir of Salazar slytherin , against the famous Harry Potter , shall we ? riddle turn , to serpent , speak in parseltongue . tom riddle ( parseltongue ) kill he ! the hissing serpent shoot forward . Harry turn , run away . tom riddle parseltongue will not save you now , Potter . the basilisk only obey I . harry ( to himself ) do not look . do not look into its eye . Harry race along the stone path , but the giant serpent be faster . Harry trip . fall . the basilisk rise . Harry look to the wall , see the serpent about to strike . suddenly fawke screech , soar toward the basilisk and circle its blunt head , confusing it . the snake snap furiously , when ... fawk drop like a knife , drive its talon deep into the serpent 's glitter eye . as Harry watch the angry play of shadow on the wall , the basilisk roar , hissing in pain . fawk wing away , its talon drip with blood and Harry turn , look : the basilisk 's eye be a blind , bloody mess . tom riddle fool ! think you be safe ! it can still hear you ! as Harry flee , the serpent thunder after , striking blindly as its whipping tail shatter a slytherin statue . Harry dodge and duck , then , see the snake about to strike again ... leap clear , stumbling toward a side tunnel . int . chamber of secret - side tunnel - night 133a Harry race headlong into the shadow , then look back , see the snake eclipse the light at the far end of the tunnel and slither quickly inside . ( continued ) 133a 133b the chamber of secret - Rev. 2/19/02 126a . continued : 133a think , Harry duck into a alcove , put he hand over he mouth and wait , desperate to remain still and silent . the snake slide heavily by , then ... slow . turn back . the snake 's head weave inside , only inches from Harry 's face . Harry tremble as the snake 's head cock to the side , then ... finally ... withdraws . int . chamber of secret - night 133b Harry dash back into the main chamber . Ginny look frighteningly pale . riddle grins cruelly , almost solid now . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 127 . 133b continued : 133b tom riddle yes , Potter . the process be nearly complete . ina few minute , Ginny weasley will be dead . and I will cease to be a memory . Lord voldemort will return . very much ... alive . Harry move toward Ginny , then suddenly ... the basilisk shoot out of the tunnel , hissing directly in front of Harry . trapped , Harry glance around , then -- impulsively -- leap upward , begin to scale the statue of Salazar slytherin . the serpent strike madly , but Harry continue on , climbing boldly until he reach the top . he turn . see the sort hat . see what glitter within : the ruby handle of a sword . Harry wheel , sword in hand , and fend off the slashing serpent like St. George and the dragon . in a mad rush of courage , he pitch himself onto the serpent , slide down its back and roll up , sword raised . too tired to flee , Harry simply wait . the serpent rise and , fang bare ... strike . marshalling every ounce of strength leave to he , Harry drive the sword upward , deep into the roof of the serpent be mouth . it hiss in pain , thrashing madly as it drive a fang into Harry 's arm . Harry clutches he arm in agony , stumble back and fall to the floor , watch as the serpent thrashes briefly ... then go still . Harry peer down , see the fang that pierce he arm , the blood soaking slowly into he robe . as he yank the fang free , riddle step forward , almost fully whole now . his eye shine at the sight of Harry 's wound . tom riddle remarkable , be not it ? how quickly the venom of the basilisk penetrate the body ? if you have any final word , Potter , you would best speak they now . I would guess you have little more than a minute to live . Harry blink heavily , watch as the skin of he forearm turn a troubling gray . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 127a . 133b continued : ( 1a ) 133b tom riddle so end the famous Harry Potter . on he knee in the chamber of secret . defeat at last by the Dark Lord he so unwisely challenge . you will be back with you dear mudblood mother soon , Harry ... as riddle talk , Harry glance at Ginny , nearly white now , a small ghost , the only evidence of life the trembling of a single finger . Harry study the finger and what lie beneath it : Tom riddle 's diary . Harry begin to crawl toward she . ( continued ) 133b the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/16/02 128 . continued : ( 2 ) 133b tom riddle funny , be not it ? the damage a silly little book can do ? especially in the hand of a silly little girl . as Harry reach Ginny , he place he hand on hers , then ... slip the diary free . tom riddle what be you do ? no. stop ... riddle 's face crease in fear . he lunge forward . but Harry be too quick . raising he hand high ... he plunge the fang into the book . instantly , black ink spurt from the page . tom riddle no ! riddle shriek , writhe in pain . his body begin to wither instantly , grow blurry once more . as the ink run off Harry 's finger to the floor , riddle vanish altogether . Harry sink back , then ... hear a faint moan . Ginny stir , color bloom in she cheek . as she see Harry , she sob . ginny Harry . it be I ! but I swear , I do not mean to ... riddle make I . he write to I ... take I over ... I do not even know whose diary it be . I find it inside my cauldron . the day we all go to diagon alley and ... Harry . you be hurt ... harry Ginny . you need to get yourself out . follow the chamber ... you will find ron ... there be a rush of wing and fawk circle down , lay he head onto Harry 's arm . harry you be brilliant , fawk . I just ... be not quick enough . then Harry blink , look down . thick pearly tear be trickle down fawk ' face and onto he arm . almost instantly , he wound ... begin to heal itself . ( continued ) 133b 134 129 . continued : ( 3 ) 133b harry of course . dumbledore tell I . Phoenix tear have heal power . ( look up at Ginny ) it 's all right , Ginny . it 's over . it 's just a memory ... int . tunnel - night ( later ) 134 with fawk glide gracefully ahead of they , Harry and Ginny make they way back . up ahead , shifting rock can be hear and a jag fissure of light glimmer . ron 's face appear . ron Ginny ! ron wriggle through , rush forward and hug Ginny . ron you be alive . I can not believe it . ginny I be go to be expell , I just know it ! ron ( to Harry ) remind you of anyone ? harry where 's lockhart ? Harry eye lockhart , sit by himself , humming placidly . ron his memory charm backfire . have not get a clue who he be . I keep have to stop he wander off . he 's a danger to himself . gilderoy lockhart hello . odd sort of place , this , be not it ? do you live here ? ron no . ron turn , raise he eyebrow at Harry . Harry look upward . there be a open , hundred of foot up . just then , fawk circle back , flutter in front of Harry . ( continued ) 134 134a 134b 135 the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/16/02 130 . continued : 134 ron what 's with the bird ? harry I think ... I think he 's tell I he can take we out of here . int . rocky tunnel - night ( later ) 134a a curious , glide shadow ripples across the cavernous wall , and then Harry , ron , Ginny and lockhart soar out of the darkness , link hand in hand . fawk be fly they home . gilderoy lockhart amazing ! this be just like magic ! omitted 134b int . dumbledore's office - day 135 Harry and ron , cover in muck and slime -- stand in dumbledore 's office . fawk perches on a pedestal behind dumbledore , who sit at he desk , examine the char diary . he look up , regard Harry and ron gravely . dumbledore ingenious . simply ... ingenious . ( look up ) of course , Tom riddle be probably the most brilliant student hogwart have ever see . I teach he myself fifty year ago . after he leave , I would occasionally hear storey of he activity -- dark rumor -- but after awhile , even the rumor stop . when he finally resurface as Lord voldemort , most people have completely forget the clever head Boy he would once be . ginny I do not know whose diary it be , sir . I swear . I find it inside my cauldron . ( to the other ) the day we all go to diagon alley . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/17/02 131 . 135 continued : 135 hear this , Harry frown in think , recollect ... ginny but I understand if ... give all the trouble I have cause ... if you !-- dumbledore wiser wizard than you have be hoodwink by Lord voldemort , miss weasley . no , I think you have endure enough . I would suggest a bit of bed rest , however . and perhaps a large mug of hot chocolate . I always find that cheer I up . minerva , will you show Arthur and Molly up to the hospital wing ? professor mcgonagall certainly , albus . as they exit , Harry and ron watch they go . Mrs. weasley 's voice carry : mrs . weasley a diary that write back to you ! honestly , Ginny ! what be you think ? have not I always tell you ? never trust anything that can think for itself if you can not see where it keep its brain ! Harry and ron turn back . see dumbledore regard they gravely . dumbledore you two realize , of course , that in the last few hour , you have break perhaps a dozen school rule ? harry / ron yes , sir . dumbledore and that there be sufficient evidence to expel you both ? harry / ron yes , sir . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/17/02 131a . 135 continued : ( 1a ) 135 dumbledore therefore , it seem only fitting ... ( eye twinkle ) that you both receive special Award for service to the School . and -- let I see -- yes , I think two hundred point apiece , which , I believe , should be more than enough to secure gryffindor the House Cup . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/16/02 132 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 harry / ron ( grin ) thank you , sir . dumbledore now , Mr. weasley , if you would , have a owl deliver this release papers to azkaban . we need we gamekeeper back . ron nod , take the envelope and exit . dumbledore first , Harry , I want to thank you . you must have show I real loyalty down in the chamber . nothing but that could have call fawk to you . secondly , I sense you be troubled by something . be I right ? harry it 's just , you see , sir , I could not help notice certain thing . certain similarity . between Tom riddle and I . ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 133 . 135 continued : ( 3 ) 135 dumbledore you can speak parseltongue , Harry , because Lord voldemort can speak parseltongue . unless I be much mistaken , he transformed some of he own power to you the night he give you that scar . harry voldemort put a bit of himself in I ? dumbledore not intentionally , but ... yes . harry so the sort hat be right . I should be a slytherin . dumbledore it 's true , Harry . you do possess many of the quality voldemort himself prize . resourcefulness . determination . a certain disregard for the rule . yet the sort hat place you in gryffindor . harry only because I ask it to . dumbledore exactly . which make you very different from voldemort . it 's not we ability that show what we truly be , Harry . it 's we choice . ( smile at he ) if you want proof that you belong in gryffindor , Harry , I suggest you look more closely at this . dumbledore hand the bloodstain sword to Harry . a engraved name glimmer above the ruby-encrusted hilt . harry ' godric gryffindor . 's dumbledore only a true gryffindor could have pull that out of the hat . 135 the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 134 . continued : ( 4 ) 135 suddenly , lucius malfoy enter , drag ... dobby by the ear . harry dobby ! this be you master ? the family you serve be the malfoys ! dobby nod , chagrine . lucius malfoy brushes past Harry . lucius malfoy out of my way , potter. ( to dumbledore ) so ! you have return ! dumbledore yes . when the governor hear that Arthur weasley 's daughter have be take into the chamber , they see fit to summon I back . ( a wry smile ) curiously , several of they seem under the impression that you would curse they family if they do not agree to suspend I in the first place , lucius . lucius malfoy from the beginning , my only concern have be the welfare of this school and its student . I assume the culprit have be identify . dumbledore oh yes . it be voldemort . only this time , he choose to act through someone else . by mean of ... this . as dumbledore nudge the diary toward lucius malfoy , Harry see dobby nod meaningfully from the diary to lucius . dumbledore fortunately , we young Mr. Potter discover it . ( a chill to he voice ) one only hope that no more of Lord voldemort 's old school thing find they way into innocent hand . the consequence for the one responsible could be ... severe . ( continued ) 135 135 a the chamber of secret - Rev. 3/1/02 135 . continued : ( 5 ) 135 lucius malfoy stare icily at dumbledore , then turn away . lucius malfoy come , dobby . we be leave . as dobby scuttle toward the door , lucius malfoy kick he through it , then exit himself . Harry stare at the empty doorway as dobby's painful squeal echo from the corridor . harry Sir ? I wonder if I could have that . dumbledore look up , follow Harry 's eye to the diary . ext . dumbledore's office - day ( moment later ) 135a as the elevator open , Harry dash out . harry Mr. malfoy ! I have something of yours . Harry come up run , thrust the diary into malfoy 's hand . lucius malfoy mine ? I do not know what you be talk about . harry I think you do , sir . I think you slip it into Ginny weasley 's cauldron that day in diagon alley . malfoy shove the diary into dobby 's face , then lean close to Harry and , with a nasty grin , whisper : lucius malfoy prove it ! he turn away . as dobby look sadly back , clutching the diary in he hand , Harry mouth the word : open it . dobby look down curiously . Inside ... be a sock . he gasp . lucious malfoy dobby , come ! dobby ! ( continued ) the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/3/02 136 . 135a continued : 135a dobby ( in wonderment ) master have give dobby a sock . master have present dobby with clothes . dobby be ... free ! lucius malfoy what ? I do not -- he wheel , see Harry stand with one leg cross : his right ankle be bare . instantly , malfoy charge forth . lucius malfoy you have lose I my servant ! dobby you shall not harm Harry Potter ! dobby step between and -- bang ! malfoy fly backwards , land in a crumpled heap . rising , he stare murderously at Harry . lucius malfoy Mark my word , Harry Potter . you will meet the same sticky end as you parent one of this day . they be meddlesome fool too . with that , he turn , storm off . dobby Harry Potter freed dobby ! how can dobby ever repay he ? harry just promise I something . dobby anything , sir . harry never try to save my life again . dobby grin then and -- crack ! -- be go . 136 omitted 136 137 int . great hall - night 137 fear and suspicion banish , the House table abuzz with excitement and anticipation ... all except the slytherin , who do not share the general feel . ( continued ) 137 the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/3/02 137 . continued : 137 seat at the table , be the formerly petrify , revive student . Justin finch - fletchley join he fellow hufflepuff . Colin creevey snap photo of the proceedings . at the rear of the hall , stand near the entrance , filch be reunite with Mrs. norris . then ... hermione enter , search the room for Harry and ron . finally , she see they . smile . run forward and embrace Harry . hermione you solve it ! you solve it ! harry with load of help from you . she turn to embrace ron . they pause , a awkward moment between they and ... shake hand instead . ron welcome back , hermione . mcgonagall tap she goblet . dumbledore stand . dumbledore before we begin we feast , let 's give a round of applause to Professor sprout and Madame pomfrey , whose mandrake juice have be successfully administer to all that who have be petrify . everyone applaud . dumbledore also , in the wake of recent event , as a school treat , all exam have be cancel . everyone cheer , save for hermione . hermione oh , no ! at the rear of the Hall , the great door OPEN . it 's hagrid . he enter . stops. look around . the room fall silent . all eye upon he . he glance around . nervous . embarrass . hagrid sorry I be late . the owl deliverin ' my release papers get all lose and confuse . some ruddy bird name errol . ( continued ) 137 the chamber of secret - Rev. 4/3/02 138 . continued : ( 2 ) 137 ron exchange a nervous glance with dumbledore . hagrid look at all of the face stare at he . he turn to Harry . hagrid I jus ' want to say ... that if it be not fer ' you , Harry ... you a ' ron ... and hermione ... well , I jus ' want to say ... thanks . harry there 's no hogwart without you , hagrid . just then ... dumbledore get to he foot and ... slowly ... bring he hand together . the other join he . soon , everyone be on they foot and the Hall roaring . as the student surround hagrid , he blink , wipe at he eye , and ... camera pull back , through the window , leave the celebration . we continue to crane back ... back ... to a wide shot of hogwart ... glitter gloriously in the night . fade to black . the end