harry potter and the prisoner or azkaban by Steve klove base on the book by j.k. Rowling full tan draft February 24 , 2003 2 a fade in : ext . number four privet drive - middle of the night 1 the street slumber , adrift in shadow . then ... a curious beam of light bob beyond the second -story window of number four . int . harry room - same time - middle of the night 2 a tent of blanket . within ... the shadow of a boy . a whisper : harry lumos maxima ... the tent bloom softly with light -- briefly illuminate a bedside photograph ( of James & lily Potter ) -- then go dark . harry lumos maxima ... the blanket bloom once again when , down the hall , a toilet flush . instantly , the shadow stiffen , the blanket dim , and the tent flatten . just as ... ... the bedroom door open , revealing ... uncle vernon . he peer inside , eye flash suspiciously , then ... withdraw . the tent rise . harry lumos maxima ... as the blanket blaze , we CUT inside , find a skinny boy with a crow 's nest of black hair , thick glass sit crookedly atop he nose : harry potter . open before he be violeta stitch 's extreme incantation . once again , he speak : harry lumos ... maxima ! ext . number four privet drive - same time - night 2a a blinding blast of light flash from the second story window of number four . dog bark . and a title card appear : harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban 2b through int . harry room - same time - night 2b the light in the hallway snap on , Harry 's tent droops once more and , second later , Harry 's door ease open . uncle Vernon peer in and switch on the light . the room be utterly silent . slowly , he close the door . omitted 3 through 5 int . four privet drive - stairway / front hall - day 6 the doorbell chime and a shrill voice thunder : aunt petunia ( 0.s. ) Harry ! Harry ! Harry bound down the stair and into the front hall , where he aunt petunia and cousin dudley stand stiffly . petunia flick a bit of fluff from Dudley 's sweater , glower crossly at Harry , and jerk she head toward the door . aunt petunia well , go on . open it . Harry reach for the knob when -- blam ! -- it burst OPEN , revealing a large , waddling woman ( aunt marge ) and a large waddling bulldog ( ripper ) . uncle Vernon lurch forward out of the teeming rain , a enormous suitcase in hand , and drop it on Harry . aunt petunia marge ! welcome ! how be the train ? aunt marge wretched . ripper get sick . aunt petunia ah. how ... unfortunate . aunt marge I would have leave he with the other , but he pine so when I be away . do not you , darling ? aunt marge pucker she lip at ripper and lead he down the hallway . Harry follow with uncle Vernon . ( continued ) continued : harry uncle Vernon . I need you to sign this form . uncle vernon what be it ? harry nothing . something for school ... uncle Vernon eye the parchment in Harry 's hand suspiciously . uncle vernon later perhaps . if you behave . harry I will if she do . aunt marge ( turn , eyeing Harry ) so. still here , be you ? harry yes . aunt marge do not say ' yes ' in that ungrateful tone . damn good of my brother to keep you , if you ask I . ( to Vernon , petunia ) it would have be straight to a orphanage if he would be dumped on my doorstep . just then Dudley -- sit comatose before the tv -- emit a hollow , brain - dead chuckle . aunt marge be that my dudder ! hm ? be that my neffy poo ? come and say hello to you auntie marge . marge flash a thick fan of pound note . Dudley blink , waddle forward , and extend he plump palm obediently . Harry look on , then see ripper snuffling about he ankle . int . four privet drive - dine room - dusk as Harry clear the dish , uncle Vernon bring out a bottle of brandy . ( continued ) continued : uncle vernon can I tempt you , marge ? aunt marge just a small one . a bit more ... a bit more ... that 's the boy . ( take a sloppy sip ) aah . excellent nosh , petunia . it 's normally just a fry - up for I , what with twelve dog . she smack she lip , lower she brandy , and let ripper take a slobbery lap out of the glass ... then catch Harry look . aunt marge what be you smirk at ! where be it that you send he , Vernon ? uncle vernon St. brutus 's . it 's a first - rate institution for hopeless case . hear this , Harry frown , glance at uncle Vernon , who glare darkly at he . aunt marge I see . and do they use the cane at St. brutus 's , boy ? harry ( sarcastically ) oh , yes . I have be beat load of time . aunt marge excellent . I will not have this namby - pamby wishy - washy nonsense about not hit people who deserve it . ( another sip ) still . must not blame yourself for how this one 's turn out , Vernon . it all come down to blood . bad blood will out . what be it the boy 's father do , petunia ? aunt petunia ( agitate ) nothing . that be ... he do not work . he be -- unemployed . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) aunt marge of course . and a drunk , I expect -- harry that 's a lie . aunt marge pause on she wine , eye narrowing on Harry . aunt marge what do you say ? harry my dad be not a drunk . pop ! the glass in aunt marge 's hand explode . aunt petunia oh my goodness ! marge ! aunt marge not to worry , petunia . I have a very firm grip . Harry stare at the shattered glass in surprise . uncle vernon you go to bed . now . aunt marge quiet , Vernon . it do not matter about the father . in the end it come down to the mother . you see it all the time with dog . if there 's something wrong with the bitch , there will be something wrong with the pup ... harry shut up ! shut up ! aunt marge start to reply , when -- zing ! -- a button on she dress sail into the air . seam groan . thread snap . aunt marge 's eye widen . her cheek billow . her whole body billow . and she begin to inflate like a monstrous balloon . uncle vernon marge ! as she rise , uncle Vernon leap for she . ripper growls , fix he tooth to he trousers . Harry frighten by what he 's do , watch aunt marge bounce gently across the ceiling and into the conservatory . 7a 9 a ext . back yard - continuous action - dusk 7a the other race outside . as aunt marge begin to float away , uncle Vernon grip she hand . uncle vernon do not worry ! I have get you ... slowly ... to he horror ... uncle Vernon himself begin to rise . aunt marge look fearfully into he eye ... aunt marge Vernon . do not you dare -- but he do . he let go . Falls to he knee . and watch aunt marge float away . int . harry room - dusk ( second later ) 8 Harry crash inside , take he trunk , then put he heel to a loose floorboard and remove he wand from its hide place . turn , he grab the photograph of he parent . int . hallway - dusk ( second later ) 9 boom ! boom ! boom ! Harry tow the trunk down the stair ... find uncle Vernon wait for he . uncle vernon you bring her back ! you bring her back and put her right ! harry no ! she deserve what she get ! and you ... you keep away from I . uncle Vernon eye Harry 's wand nervously , then grin with know cruelty . uncle vernon you be not allow to do magic out of school . they will not have you now . you have get nowhere to go . Harry realize it 's true . briefly falter . then : harry anywhere 's better than here . ext . number four privet drive - dusk ( second later ) 9a as Harry storm out with he trunk , we dolly to the street with he . High in the sky , a plump dot rise . aunt marge . 10 ext . magnolia crescent - night ( later ) 10 Harry walk and walk and walk , then ... stop . glance about . a empty playground . swing creaking gently on rusted chain . a tiny carousel , kiss gently by the wind , turn slowly . Harry drop the trunk . sit . deep in the night , a alarm shriek , go silent . Harry , still as a statue . listen . in the tree above , leave tremble . the wind gather . Harry turn , study the sway swing , the carousel . then , he ... stiffen . turn back . sense something in the shadow across the street , he rise . slowly draw he wand . then he see ... it. something big . darker than the shadow which conceal it . something with wide , gleaming eye . Harry step back . afraid to look . afraid not to . wand outstretch ... he trip , tumble over the forget trunk . the tip of he wand blaze . bang ! twin beam of blinding light spear the night . harry aaaah ! giant wheel bear down . Harry roll clear -- just as a preposterously purple , triple - decker bus screech to a halt . gold letter glimmer above the windscreen : the knight Bus . door hiss . snap back . reveal stan shunpike , a 18 - year - old boy in a wrinkle conductor' uniform . pasty face . raccoon eye . Stan look like he have not see the sun in year . stan shunpike ( wearily , drearily ) welcome to the knight Bus . emergency transport for the strand witch or wizard . my name be Stan shunpike , and I will be you conductor this evening . ( peer at Harry ) wha ' choo doin ' down there ? harry fell over . stan shunpike wha ' choo fall over for ? ( continued ) 10 11 continued : 10 harry I do not do it on purpose . Stan eye Harry suspiciously , nod slowly . stan shunpike well , come on then . let 's not wait for the grass to grow . as Stan grab Harry 's trunk , Harry peer into the shadow across the street -- now simply shadow -- and climb aboard . int . the knight bus - night ( moment later ) 11 no seat . only beds . the brass frame need a shine , the line a wash . in one bed , a dishevele wizard grunt , turn over in he sleep . dishevele wizard not now ... I be pickle slug ... behind the wheel , ernie , a unshaven wizard in thick glass , stare straight ahead , armpit stain with sweat . a shrunken head dangle from the rearview mirror , muttering incessantly through the stitch that lace its mouth . stan shunpike take ‘er away , ern . shrunken head yeah , take it away ! bang ! Ernie rocket away and the bed -- as one -- slide six inch to the rear . Harry drop onto the bed nearest , peer up at the chandelier swaying directly above he head . Beyond the windscreen oncoming traffic whip past in a blur . stan shunpike wot you say you name be again ? harry I do not . Stan , huddle in a armchair , peek over the Daily Prophet , eye Harry coolly , before disappear once more . Harry brushes the fringe of he hair over he scar , watch a ambulance -- siren wailing -- careen past . ( continued ) 10 . 11 continued : 11 stan shunpike whereabouts you headin' ? Harry hesitates . he have not think about this . decide . harry the leaky cauldron . that 's in London -- stan shunpike be it now ? get that , ern ? the leaky cauldron . that 's in London . Stan grin with sinister delight , show bad teeth . shrunken head leaky cauldron ! stay away from the pea soup ! as the shrunken head cackle with delight , Harry peer out the windscreen , watch London career by . harry be not this a bit ... dangerous ? stan shunpike naah . have not have a accident in -- what ? -- a week be it , ern ? shrunken head head up ! Little old lady at twelve o'clock ! sure enough , directly ahead , a little old lady be crossing the street . Ernie hit the brake hard and Harry fly forward , palm to the window . the brake pinch down , the bus stop inch from the old lady , and Harry fly back onto he bed . bang ! the bus rocket forward once more . as Harry rights himself , he notice the headline of Stan 's Daily Prophet : escape from azkaban ! below , a sink - face man with long , matte hair glower from a moving photograph . harry who be that ? that man . stan shunpike who be that ? that 's sirius Black , that be . Don ' tell I you not 'er be hearin ' o' sirius Black ? ( continued ) 11 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 Harry shake he head , still stare at the man 's face . stan shunpike a murderer , he be . get ‘imself lock up in azkaban for it . harry how would he escape ? stan shunpike tha 's the question , be not it ? he 's the fir ' that 's do it . give I the collywobble think he 's out there , though , I will tell you that . Big supporter of you - know - '0o , Black be . reckon you hear o' he . Harry nod and , as he do , Black 's eye shift . meet Harry 's . harry yeah . him I have hear of . just then , a pair of double - decker buse sweep directly toward the knight Bus . before can scream , the entire knight Bus squeezy down and shoot the gap between the two onrush bus . the shrunken head wince . shrunken head hate that . harry this bus . do not the muggles ever ... stan shunpike they ! Don ' listen properly , do they ? Don ' look properly either . never notice nuffink , they do and . just then , a couple walk a dog be engulf by a rush of wind as the ( invisible ) knight Bus whooshes past . the couple glance about in bewilderment . the dog yap madly . shrunken head turn ! turn ! Ernie fan the wheel , send the knight Bus into a dizzying 360 - degree turn . headlight pinwheel past the window as the bus ride up on two wheel and Harry be send fly once more . grabbing fast to the center pole , he pirouettes through the air when Ernie ... slam on the brake . 12 12a 12b 13 14 12 . ext . charing cross road / leaky cauldron - night 12 the knight Bus fishtail into view and squeal to a stop , centimeter from a parked car . whoosh ! the bus settles and -- tink ! -- tap the bumper . instantly , the car 's alarm wail . int . the knight bus - same time - night 12a the chandelier sway drunkenly as the bus door open . the step groan with heavy foot and a figure appear : tom , innkeeper of the leaky cauldron pub . tom Mr. Potter ... at last . ext . leaky cauldron - night ( moment later ) 12b as the knight Bus rocket off , Tom and Harry be reveal , Harry glance up , read the sign above : the leaky cauldron . Tom drag Harry 's trunk inside , then pause and , with a flick of he wand , silence the car alarm . int . leaky cauldron - bar / hallway - night ( moment 13 later ) Harry trail Tom through the quiet room . the bartender glance up , he gaze linger perhaps a bit too long . a solitary wizard read a book while , at he elbow , he coffee cup stir itself . Tom lead Harry upstairs . int . leaky cauldron - back room - night 14 as Harry follow Tom inside , he find a snow white owl ( hedwig ) perch atop a chair . harry hedwig ! tom right smart bird you have get there , Mr. Potter . arrive only minute before yourself . a man clear he throat . Harry turn , find a pinstriped silhouette ( cornelius fudge ) at the window , stare at the ghostly shadow beyond . Harry 's reflection shiver in the glass , but the man do not turn . Tom take a position against the wall , fish a pair of walnut from he pocket and -- crack -- crush the shell between he palm . ( continued ) 14 continued : 13 . 14 cornelius fudge I should tell you , Mr. Potter , earlier this evening you uncle 's sister be locate just south of Sheffield , circle a chimney stack . the accidental Magic reversal Department be dispatch and she 's be properly puncture and she memory modify . she have no recollection of the incident whatsoever . Harry wait . a man condemn . then fudge turn . cornelius fudge so that 's that , and no harm do . ( smile ) pea soup ? Harry glance warily from the steaming tureen of GREEN to Tom , who work a grimy thumb into he gum , frees a walnut sliver . harry no thank you . Minister ... I do not understand . I break the law . underage wizard be not allow to use magic at home -- cornelius fudge ( dish up a bowl ) oh , come now , Harry . the Ministry do not send people to azkaban for blow up they aunt ! on the other hand ... run away like that ... give the state of thing ... very , very irresponsible . harry ' the state of thing ' sir ? cornelius fudge we have a killer on the loose . harry sirius Black , you mean . but ... what 's that get to do with I ? crack ! Tom shatter another walnut . fudge smile nervously . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 cornelius fudge hm ? oh , nothing . you be safe , that 's what matter . tomorrow you will be on you way to hogwart . this be you new schoolbook . I take the liberty of have they bring here for you . Harry eye the stack of book . one be bound by a rope . cornelius fudge by the way , Harry . whilst you be here it would be best if you do not ... wander . omitted 15 ext . leaky cauldron - room eleven - morning 16 through the window : the rooftop of London . a train pass and camera pull back , reveal Harry , stand with hedwig . he turn , eye he schoolbook . he study the growling tome -- the monster Book of monster -- then give the rope a tug . instantly ... -.. the book leap to the floor , page fly , bookcover snapping . Harry give chase , then the book turn , begin nipping viciously at he shoe . Harry vault atop the bed , watch the book disappear underneath , then grab a pillow . second later , the book scuttle into view and Harry pounce -- flumph ! the book roar angrily , muffle beneath the pillow . Harry take the rope , prepare to rebind it . int . leaky cauldron - hallway / room eleven - morning 17 a young witch in may 's robe push a cart down the hall . Harry exit he room as the witch knock on a door . young witch housekeep . as she open the door , she 's greet by a thunderous roar and a rush of wind . young witch ( unperturb ) I will come back later . ( continued ) 17 18 through 23 15 . continued : 17 something SMALL and fast dash by Harry 's foot . look , he spy a rather rag - look rat ( scabber ) , pursue by a decidedly ugly orange cat ( crookshank ) . omitted 18 through 22 int . leaky cauldron - stairway - morning ( moment 23 later ) as Harry move down the stair , voice come from below . ron ( 0.s. ) I be warning you , hermione ! keep that bloody beast of yours away from scabber or I will turn it into a tea cozy . hermione ( 0.s. ) he 's a cat , Ronald ! what do you expect ? it 's in he nature . as Harry reach bottom , he find ron weasley protectively cradling scabber , while hermione grander do she best to restrain a hissing crookshank . ron a cat ! be that what they tell you ? look more like a pig with hair if you ask I . hermione that 's rich come from the owner of that smelly old shoe brush . ( coo to the cat ) it 's all right , crookshank . you just ignore the mean little boy ... then , sense another presence in the room , both turn . hermione / ron Harry . CUT to : closeup - a dog - eared clipping from the Daily Prophet . ( continued ) 23 23a 16 . continued : 23 a headline scream : " grand prize winner visit egypt ! " in the accompany photo , the entire weasley family stand before the great pyramid , wave . smack in the middle be ron , scabber perch on he shoulder . int . leaky cauldron - morning ( moment later ) 23a as ron smoothes the dog-eare clipping onto the table , Harry study it . hermione ignore it , stroking crookshank . harry Egypt ! what 's it like ? ron brilliant . it 's get load of old stuff . mummy . death mask . tomb -- hermione you know , the ancient egyptian of the Nile River delta worshipped the cat goddess bast . ron glare stonily at hermione , then turn back to Harry . ron I also get a new wand . just then , a commotion be heard . the weasley -- percy , fred , GEORGE , ginny , arthur , and molly -- arrive en masse , laden with purchase from diagon alley . GEORGE not flash that clipping about again , be you , ron ? ron I have not show anyone ! fred no , not a soul . unless you count Tom . the day may . the night may . the cook . the bloke that come to fix the toilet . that wizard from Belgium ... Mrs. weasley take Harry 's face in she hand , smile . as if relieved to see he . mrs . weasley it 's good to see you , Harry . ( continued ) 23a continued : harry good to see you too , Mrs. weasley arthur weasley 17 . 23a Harry . I wonder if I might have a word . harry of course , Mr. weasley . as Mr. weasley pull Harry away , the other hover over the clipping in the b.g . fred George 's nose look positively massive in that photograph . ginny that 's you nose , Fred . fred bloody hell . ' tis , be not it ? take after you side of the family , do not I , mum ? continue to Harry notice Mr. weasley glance edgily at a fugitive poster tack to the wall . in it , sirius black glower under the word , " have you see this man ? " arthur weasley Harry . there be some within the Ministry who would strongly discourage I from divulge what I be about to tell you . but I think you need to know the fact . because you be in danger . grave danger . Harry 's eye drift to the fugitive poster . harry have this anything to do with he , sir ? arthur weasley what do you know of sirius Black , Harry ? harry that he escape from azkaban . that he kill someone ... ( continued ) 18 . 23a continued : ( 2 ) 23a arthur weasley Harry , thirteen year ago , when you stop ... Mr. weasley hesitates , unable to continue . harry voldemort ...? arthur weasley ( nodd nervously ) Black lose everything . but he remain a loyal servant to this day . in he mind , only you stand in the way of ... once again , Mr. weasley hesitates . harry voldemort ...? arthur weasley Harry , I hate it when you say -- harry I know , sorry . ron hate it too . arthur weasley in Black 's mind , only you stand in the way of ... you - know - who return to power . that 's why he 's break . that 's why he 's break out of azkaban . to find you . and ... Mr. weasley hesitates yet again . harry kill I ? Mr. weasley nod . nervously . arthur weasley Harry . I want you to swear that -- whatever you might hear -- you will not go look for Black . harry Mr. weasley , why would I go look for someone who want to kill I ? Mr. weasley nod , then clap Harry on the shoulder . ( continued ) 23 a 24 25 26 27 19 . continued : ( 3 ) 23a arthur weasley just watch yourself , will you , Harry ? omitted 24 & 25 ext . platform nine and three quarter - morning 26 as the hogwart express bleat its horn , we crane over the milling horde of student . Parents hurry they child onboard , tiny sibling wave goodby ... and Mr. weasley dash through the throng and up to a open train window . mrs . weasley ron ! she hand scabber through the open window to he . int . hogwart express - train car - day ( moment later ) 27 the aisle teem with student . Harry , ron and hermione work they way down the aisle , look for a empty compartment . harry I do not mean to blow she up . I just ... ( troubled by the memory ) ++. lose control . ron brilliant ! hermione honestly , ron , it 's not funny . Harry 's lucky he be not expell . ron I still think it be brilliant . SNAP ! SNAP ! SNAP ! a copy of the the monster Book of monster scuttle crab - like down the aisle , pursue by neville longbottom . neville hi , Harry . ron. hermione . ( continued ) 20 . 27 continued : 27 harry / hermione / ron hi , neville . as he bump past , hermione nod to a compartment . hermione c'mon . we be in here . 28 int . train compartment - continuous action - day 28 as they slip inside , they find a man in shabby robe ( professor lupin ) slump against the window , asleep . he look ill , exhaust . the trio eye he warily . whisper . ron who d' you reckon he be ? hermione Professor r.j. lupin . ron you know everything . how be it she know everything ? hermione it 's on he case . she point . stamped in peel letter on a batter case be " Professor r.j. lupin . " harry be he really asleep ? hermione seem to be . why ? what be it , Harry ? harry Close the door . hermione and ron exchange a curious glance , then ron rise , slide the door shut , over camera , and we -- cut to : 29 ext . hogwart express - late day ( later ) 29 Storm cloud , like dark ghost , toss sheet of rain onto the scarlet engine as it head north . 30 31 32 21 . int . train compartment - late day 30 ron and hermione stare at Harry , face stricken in the lantern light that now glow in the compartment . crookshank slumber in he cage . ron let I get this straight . sirius Black escape from azkaban to come after you ? harry yes . hermione but they will catch Black , will not they ? I mean ... eventually ? ron sure -- of course , no one 's ever break out of azkaban before and he 's a rave , murderous lunatic ... just then , the compartment rattle . lantern flicker . the train lurch , begin to slow . hermione slide down the seat , pin ron against the window . they exchange a awkward glance , then hermione carefully slide to the other end of the seat and glance at she watch . frown . hermione why be we stop ? we can not be there yet ... Harry rise , slide open the door , peer into the corridor . harry Pov -- all along the carriage , head look out curiously . then -- the train jerk -- the car sways -- and the lamp run along the ceiling flicker and ... ext . train - same time - dusk 31 ».. die . one by one . until all be ... int . train compartment - same time - dusk 32 Dark . ron what 's go on ? ( continued ) 32 22 . continued : 32 a thin wisp of steam escape ron 's mouth . Harry notice . harry dunno ... maybe we have break down ? hermione ouch ! ron , that be my foot ! squeak -squeak-squeak . ron , a dark silhouette against the window , wipe a patch of condensation from the window . ron there 's something move out there . I think ... people be come aboard . suddenly the car sways violently ... rights itself . the metal window trim at ron 's fingertip begin to vibrate . ron bloody hell . what 's happen ? ssssst ! a soft crackling fill the car and flame bloom ... in the hand of r.j. lupin . in the shivering light , he face look tired and gray , but he eye be alert . wary . professor lupin do not . move . a hand -- slimy and scabbed -- a hand of death -- grip the half - open compartment door , push it aside . reveal : a towering , cloak figure , its face hide beneath its black hood . crookshank ' hair rise and as she hiss ... whooshhhhh . the fold of the hood tremble . a chill , rattling intake of AIR be hear . the flame in lupin 's hand sputter . a SOUND swell in Harry 's ear . eerie . painful . the sound of a woman scream . Harry 's eye roll up , eyelid flutter . and then ... a silvery white light drift from he mouth . the world spin off its axis and Harry fall ... glass tumble hard to the ground ... then Harry ... the muscle of he jaw twitching . thunder crack . lightning paint the icy window ... white . black . white . ( continued ) 32 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 black ... with a desperate gasp , Harry open he eye . blink . dusk be gone . the window black . the floor at he spine be shaking gently . the train move again . his eye shift , see a drop of water , newly unfrozen , run slowly down the window . hermione Harry ? Harry , be you all right ? hermione 's troubled face hover above he . he nod . sit up . ron -- pale , nervous -- extend he hand . Harry 's glass . harry thanks . Harry slip they on . discover the cold sweat glaze he brow . SNAP ! Professor lupin break a rag triangle of chocolate off the slab in he hand . hold it out . professor lupin chocolate . eat . it will help . harry what be that -- that thing ? professor lupin a dementor . one of the guard of azkaban . it 's go now . Harry frown in confusion . hermione it be search the train , Harry . for sirius Black . professor lupin I need to have a word with the driver . Excuse I . ( the chocolate ) eat . it will help . as he leave , Harry turn to ron and hermione . harry what happen to I ? ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 24 . continued : ( 3 ) 32 ron well , you sort of go ... rigid . we think maybe you be have a fit or something . harry and do either of you ? you know ... pass out ? ron no. I feel ... weird . like I would never be cheerful again . but ... no . Harry turn to hermione . she shake she head . hermione I be tremble . cold . but then ... Professor lupin make it go away ... harry but someone be scream . a woman . hermione and ron glance nervously at each other . hermione no one be scream , Harry . Harry look to the window and we push in on he reflection . it become a glimmering puddle and ... omitted 33 ext . hogwart castle - night 34 splash !... a carriage wheel shatter the glassy surface as we tilt up , catch a procession of horseless carriage , carry student toward the glimmer castle . gradually , the sweet sound of a choir rise on the air , a flash of lightning bleach the night sky and we -- cut to : ext . / int . great hall - night ( later ) 35 ... the camera as it glide toward the window of the great Hall , toward the candlelit silhouettes glimmer within , passing through the glass . ( continued ) 35 25 . continued : 35 at the High table , lupin sit with severus snape , minerva mcgonagall , rubeus hagrid and albus dumbledore . we track along the face of the choir , sing to the strain of a harpsichord , and land on a quintet of toad ( one of which -- trevor -- belong to neville longbottom , who look on with pride ) . argus filch , hogwart ' caretaker , stand grimly to the side as red-ey mrs . norris switch she tail at he foot . as the choir 's song conclude , dumbledore rise , beam over the sea of black hat . dumbledore welcome ! welcome to another year at hogwart ! I have a few thing to say , before we become befuddle by we excellent feast . I myself be particularly look forward to the flame kiwi cup , which , while somewhat treacherous for that of we with facial hair ... mcgonagall clear she throat . dumbledore mm. yes. first , I be pleased to welcome Professor r.j. lupin , who have kindly consent to fill the post of Defense against the Dark Arts . good luck to you , Professor . amid scatter applause , Harry , ron , hermione clap loudly . hermione of course ! that 's why he know to give you the chocolate , Harry . dumbledore as some of you may know , Professor kettleburn , we Care of magical creature teacher for many year , have decide to retire in order to spend more time with he remain limb . fortunately , I be delighted to announce that he place will be fill by none other than we own rubeus hagrid ! ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 39 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 Harry , ron , and hermione stare at each other -- stunne -- then applaud vigorously . hagrid turn ruby red , rise , and nearly topple the staff table , send water goblet weaving . dumbledore ( turn grave ) finally , on a more disquieting note , hogwart -- at the request of the Ministry of Magic -- will , until further notice , play host to the dementor of azkaban . a murmur of apprehension fill the hall . at the slytherin table , draco malfoy , flanke by the ever - present crabbe and goyle , catch Harry 's eye , feign a dead faint . dumbledore the dementor will be station at the entrance to the grounds . while they be under strict order not to enter the castle itself , you will on occasion see they as you go about you daily activity . under no circumstance be you to approach they . it be not in the nature of a dementor to be forgive . int . entrance hall - night ( later ) 36 student exit the great Hall , scale the marble staircase . int . marble staircase / seventh floor - night 37 Harry , ron and hermione arrive at the seventh floor landing and approach the fat lady in the portrait . harry fortuna Major . int . gryffindor common room - night 38 the gryffindor trail through the common room , the girl head one way , boy the other . int . tower dormitory - night ( later ) 39 while that around he sleep , Harry take the photograph of he parent , set it next to he bed , then glance around in quiet contentment . ( continued ) 39 39a 39b 40 41 42 27 . continued : 39 ron good to be home , eh , Harry ? Harry turn -- catch -- and find ron study he from he own bed , scabber cradle in he hand . Harry nod and turn to the window .. ext . hogwart castle - same time - night 39a the dementor drift to they position outside the grounds . int . tower dormitory - same time - night 39b Harry continue to stare . harry yeah ... as he breath cloud the glass , we gradually ... fade out . fade in : ext . hogwart castle - ground - morning 40 as bridge and castle glimmer in the distance , hagrid emerge from the forbidden Forest , drag a fistful of dead ferret by the tail . a bird appear , circle he head playfully , chirp - chirp -chirping merrily before it ... ... flutter off , pin-wheel past flower , into a birdbath , finally come to rest upon ... ++. a ancient tree . it twitter cheerfully , sing its lovely song , when -- thwock ! -- a branch punt the bird into the air . as feather fly , the whomping willow resume its shape . omitted 41 int . divination classroom - morning 42 Harry , ron and hermione sit on fat little pouff ina murky , incense - laden room , along with neville , Dean , seamus , lavender brown , parvati patil and other . ( continued ) 42 28 . continued : 42 professor trelawney ( 0.s. ) welcome , my child . in this room , you shall explore the mysterious art of divination . in this room , you shall discover if you possess ... a crimson scrim flutter and sybil trelawney , divination Professor , glide dramatically into view , eye huge and bug-like behind enormous glass . professor trelawney ... the sight. hello . I be Professor trelawney . together , we shall cast ourselves into the future . but know this . one either have the gift or not . it can not be divine from the page of a book . book only cloud one 's Inner Eye . hermione ( 0.s. ) ( under she breath ) what rubbish . ron spin . frown at hermione . ron where would you come from ? hermione I ? I have be here all along . professor trelawney ( spin on neville ) you , boy ! be you grandmother well ? neville I ... I think so . professor trelawney I would not be so sure of that . ( continue ) the first term will be devote to the read of tea leave . if all go well , we will proceed to palmistry , fire omen , and finally ... the crystal ball . ( eyeing parvati ) by the way , dear , beware a red - haire man . ( continued ) 29 . 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 parvati eye ron dubiously . edge she pouffe away . professor trelawney unfortunately , class will be disrupt in February by a nasty bout of flu . I myself will lose my voice . and in late spring , one of we number will ... leave we forever . as the class exchange uneasy glance , trelawney smile brightly . professor trelawney well then . shall we ? cut to : teacup - detail - later Inside , a cloud of tea leave mutate oddly . Harry , sit opposite ron now , frown at the leave , consult the symbol in the textbook ( unfogge the future ) at he elbow . trelawney walk amongst they , robe flow . professor trelawney broaden you mind , my dear . and allow you eye to see ... beyond . trelawney take lavender Brown 's cup , peer inside . professor trelawney a five- leaf clover ... you can expect to wake with a horrible rash tomorrow morning , dear . ( then , casually ) Mr. longbottom , after you have break you first cup ... ca-chink ! neville fumble the cup in he hand and the brittle crash of china be hear . professor trelawney «+. would you be so kind as to select one of the blue one ? I be rather partial to the pink . ( pause by ron ) what do you see in Mr. Potter 's cup , Mr. weasley ? ( continued ) 42 43 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 42 ron well . he 's get a wonky sort of cross -- that 's trial and suffer . but this lot here could be the sun -- that 's great happiness . so ... he 's go to suffer but be very happy about it . Professor trelawney take the cup , peer inside , and gasp . professor trelawney ahhh ! parvati what be it , Professor ? trelawney regards Harry with a mixture of pity and fear . professor trelawney my dear boy ... you have the grim . seamus the grin ? what 's the grin ? parvati not the grin , you idiot . the grim . dean thomas but what do it mean , Professor ? lavender ' the grim ... ' all turn , see lavender bent over she textbook . lavender ' take the form of a giant spectral dog , it be among the darkest omen in we world . it be a omen ... of death . ' Harry peer into he cup . the tea leave shift . the dog disappear . and a new image emerge slowly ... sirius Black . ext . castle / bridge / whomping willow / hagrid be hut - day 43 the trio emerge from the bridge and make they way toward hagrid 's hut . the whomp Willow loom in the distance . ( continued ) 43 43a 44 31 . continued : 43 hermione death omen . honestly . if you ask I , divination 's a very wooly discipline . now ancient rune . that 's a fascinating subject . ron ancient rune ? exactly how many class be you take this term ? hermione a fair few . ron hang on . ancient rune be the same time as divination . you would have to be in two class at once . hermione do not be silly . how could anyone be in two class at once ? ( mimick trelawney ) broaden you mind ... ext . hagrid be hut - day ( moment later ) 43a student gather around hagrid as Harry , ron and hermione arrive . draco , crabbe , and goyle stand with the slytherin . hagrid c'mon now , get a move on ! get a real treat for yeh . great lesson comin ' up . follow I . ext . paddock - hagrid be hut - day ( moment later ) 44 hagrid lead they toward a small paddock just this side of the forbidden Forest . in the paddock , a freestand iron rack hang with dead ferret , buz with fly . nearby be a pumpkin patch . hagrid Gather ' round . find yerself a spot . that 's it . now , fir ' thing yeh will want ter do be open yer book -- draco and exactly how do we do that ? ( continued ) 44 32 . continued : 44 hagrid look . belt , rope , spellotape : any mean available have be employ to bridle the monster Book of monster , which quiver violently . hagrid crikey . didn ' yeh know ? all yeh have get ter do be stroke them . look -- hagrid take hermione 's copy , snap the spellotape bind it . as it begin to bite , hagrid calmly run a forefinger down the book 's spine and it ... shiver . Falls quietly open . hagrid glance at the class , look suddenly unsure . hagrid righ ' then . so ... so ... yeh have get yer book , a ' now yeh need the magical creature . right. so ... I will ... I '1l go a ' get ‘em . hagrid turn , disappear into the tree . draco shake he head , speak loudly to crabbe and goyle . draco God , this place be go to the dog . wait until my father hear dumbledore 's get this oaf teach class . harry listen , you stupid prat -- eye widening in fear , malfoy step back , point . draco Potter , there 's a dementor behind you . Harry jump , wheel in fear , find ... nothing . instantly , the slytherin make a eerie ooh ... and ooh sound , then break up laugh . Harry redden , embarrassed , then ... a strange beast ( buckbeak ) emerge from the tree . it have the torso , hind leg , and tail of a horse , but the front leg , wing and head of a giant eagle . the student step back in fear , then hagrid appear , shooing the beast on . hagrid gee up , there ! ( grin ) beau'iful , isn ' he ? ( continued ) 44 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 there seem no consensus on this , but the student stare in wary wonder nonetheless . as hagrid coax the beast to the center of the paddock , ron stare uneasily . ron hagrid . exactly what be that ? hagrid a hippogriff , o' course . now , fir ' thing yeh gotta know be they be proud . easily offended , hippogriffs be . do not never insult one , ' cause it migh ' be the las ' thing yeh do . right then -- who want ter come a ' say hello ? the entire class step back , leave Harry in front . hagrid good man , Harry ! Harry look around , then -- reluctantly -- approach . hagrid tha 's it . easy now ... stop ! this here 's buckbeak , Harry . yeh want ter let ' im make the fir ' move . it 's polite , see ? jus ' take step forward , give ' im a bow , and if buckbeak bow back , yeh be allow ter touch he . ready ? unsure , Harry nod anyway . step forward . and ... bow . buckbeak 's head cock , eagle eye study Harry cannily . Harry wait . and wait ... hagrid back off , Harry ! back off ! Harry start to step back , when ... buckbeak duck he beak . hagrid sigh , relieved . hagrid well do , Harry ! go on . give ' im a pat . tentatively , Harry reach out , lay he hand on buckbeak 's fierce beak . the class clap . Harry smile . ( continued ) 44 34 , continued : ( 3 ) 44 hagrid look at that ! I reckon he migh ' let yeh ride ‘im ! harry ( smile droop ) Excuse I ? hagrid we will jus ' set yeh behind the wing joint . mind yeh don ' pull any feather out . he win ' like that . hagrid lift Harry high , drop he onto buckbeak 's back , and before Harry 's settle , slap buckbeak 's hindquarters . hagrid off yeh go ! as buckbeak gallop forward , Harry slide scarily back , giant wing unfold , huge and powerful , and -- whoosh ! -- they soar into the air . rising higher . and higher . and higher . gradually , Harry loosen he hold on buckbeak 's neck . lose himself in the joy of fly . smiling at the sight of he and buckbeak 's shadow racing across the grass below . circle over the whomp Willow , past hogwart castle , and then swooping , with heart -stopp speed , over the Black Lake , buckbeak 's talon tickle the smooth glass of the water , summoning the giant squid to the surface briefly . hagrid whistle then , and buckbeak wheel , beat he way back to the paddock , gallop to a halt . as Harry slide off , the class cheer -- all except draco , who narrow he eye maliciously . hagrid good work , Harry ! ( under he breath ) how be I doin ' I fir ' day ? harry brilliant ... Professor . they both grin , when draco push past they roughly , stride toward buckbeak . ( continued ) 44 45 35 . continued : ( 4 ) 44 draco give I a go at that thing . if Potter can do it , it must be easy . you be not dangerous at all , be you , you great ugly brute -- hagrid malfoy ! no ! in a flash , buckbeak 's steely talon slash down . malfoy freeze . look down at the blood blossoming on he robe . shriek . instantly , Harry dash forward . buckbeak whip around , raise its talon and -- see Harry -- lower they . duck its beak . Harry ... realize what he 's do ... breathes . draco it 's kill I ! it 's kill I ! hagrid calm yerself ! yer fine ... jus ' a scratch ... hagrid look : a deep gash glisten on draco 's limp arm . hermione hagrid . he 's get to be take to a hospital . i'11 go with you , if you like -- hagrid no. I be the teacher . you all ... you all just ... class dismiss ! and with that , hagrid -- look shake -- swoops up malfoy , flop he over he shoulder , and lumber toward the castle . int . great hall - night 45 as lavender and parvati huddle over a dozen teacup , avidly interprete pattern in hushed voice , draco , arm bound in a sling , hold court before a clot of slytherin . pansy do it hurt terribly , draco ? ( continued ) 45 36 . continued : 45 draco ( a tad theatrical ) it come and go . still ... I consider myself lucky . accord to madam pomfrey , another minute or two ... and I could have lose the arm . Harry , ron and hermione watch from the gryffindor table . ron the little git . he 's really lay it on thick , be not he ? harry at least hagrid do not get sack . hermione yes . but I hear draco 's father 's furious . I do not think we have hear the end of this ... seamus he 's be sighted ! they turn . seamus and the other gryffindor be huddle over a copy of the Daily Prophet . ron who ? but the photograph on the Prophet 's front page provide a chill answer : sirius Black . hermione read over the shoulder of other . whisper half to herself : hermione achintee ? that 's not far from here ... neville you do not think he would come to hogwart , do you ? lavender with the dementor at every entrance ? lavendar dementor ? he 's already slip by they once , have not he ? who 's to say he can not do it again ? ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 49 continued : 37 . ( 2 ) 45 as a flicker of fear pass through Harry 's face , bem , a nigerian boy , stare grimly at the grainy image of Black . bem that 's right . Black could be anywhere . it 's like try to catch smoke . like try to catch smoke with you bare hand . ext . hogwart castle - morning 46 beautiful flower gleam in the dawn light , then , slowly begin to wither . the dew freeze , the grass grow brittle . second later , the dementor sweep by . omitted 47 & 48 int . lupin' classroom - morning 49 a tall wardrobe rattle violently as Harry , ron and several classmate regard it warily . professor lupin intrigue , yes ? would anyone like to venture a guess as to what 's inside ? seamus ( in a hushed voice ) that 's a boggart , that be . professor lupin very good , Mr. finnigan . can anyone tell we what a boggart look like ? hermione no one know . ron jump , glance at hermione , then whisper to Harry . ron when would she get here ? ( continued ) 49 continued : queasily . 38 . 49 hermione boggart be shape-shifter . they take the shape of whatever a particular person fear most . that 's what make it so -- professor lupin terrify , yes . luckily , a very simple charm exist to repel a boggart . let 's practice it now , shall we ? without wand , please ... riddikulus ! student riddikulus ! draco ( mutter softly ) it 's this class that 's ridiculous . professor lupin good . so much for the easy part . you see , the incantation alone be not enough . what really finish a boggart off be ... laughter . you need to force it to assume a shape you find truly amusing . neville , come up here , will you ? neville eye the rattling wardrobe , step forward professor lupin what would you say be the thing that frighten you most ? neville profter ... snafpt ... professor lupin do not catch that , neville , sorry . neville Professor snape . everyone laugh good -naturedly . lupin nod thoughtfully . professor lupin hmmm ... yes . neville , I believe you live with you grandmother ? ( continued ) 49 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 49 neville yes , but I do not want the boggart to turn into she either . professor lupin it will not . but I want you to picture she clothes , only she clothes , very clearly in you mind . can you do that ? neville ( close he eye ) she carry a red handbag ... professor lupin that 's fine . we do not need to hear it . if you see it , we will . now , when I open this wardrobe , neville , here 's what I want you to do ... lupin lean close to neville , whisper . neville 's eye pop OPEN in shock . consider lupin uncertainly . professor lupin you can do this , neville . neville nod nervously , take a deep breath . professor lupin right then . wand at the ready . one. two . Three ! SPARKS jet from lupin 's wand , strike the doorknob , and the wardrobe burst OPEN . instantly , snape appear , eye flash hideously as he stalk forward . neville back away in fright . professor lupin think , neville . think ! neville r-r-riddikulus ! crack ! snape stumble in a flash of light and reappear ... in a long , lace - trimmed dress , towering moth -eaten hat , and crimson handbag . instantly , the class roar ( except for draco and he fellow slytherin ) . neville blink , amaze , then slowly , grin himself . lupin drop the needle on a old gramaphone . as a scratchy rhumba fill the room , he point to ron . ( continued ) 49 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 49 professor lupin ron ! forward ! snape dissolves into a mad whirling mass , then mutate into a ... giant spider . as ron gasp , Harry and hermione exchange a uncertain glance . lupin put he hand on ron 's shoulder to steady he . ron raise he wand . ron riddikulus ! crack ! roller skate materialize on the spider 's hairy foot and it begin to shuffle crazily in place . instantly , ron relax as the class ' laughter ring out . professor lupin parvati ! as parvati step up , the spider spin faster and faster , a dizzying blur , then reappear as a vampire . parvati riddikulus ! as the vampire whip its cloak across its eye , we CUT behind ... so we Pov be of the student . swish ! the cloak reopen , the class laugh , and we reverse again ... see that the vampire be now dress like carmen miranda . as it begin to shimmy about -- against its will -- the class start to clap . professor lupin Mr. Thomas ! as Dean step up , the vampire 's undulate body attenuate , its skin darken with diamond - thatched scale become ... a giant cobra . dean thomas riddikulus ! the cobra 's hood head bob back and forth , transform into a jack -in - the - BOX . lupin grin and ... professor lupin next ! ... turn , see Harry step forward expectantly . concern flicker through lupin 's face . the Jack - in- the - box pivot on its spring , its face tumble toward Harry , become more sinister , transform into a ... ( continued ) 49 50 41 . continued : ( 4 ) 49 ... dementor . suddenly the music fade . Harry start to raise he wand , then ... freeze , transfix . the dementor loom closer and closer , when ... ... lupin step between , snap he wand . professor lupin here ! crack ! -- the dementor vanish and a roiling mist appear , which become cloud . something glow within the cloud , white , silvery and round ... professor lupin riddikulus ! pop ! the orb deflate like a puncture balloon , whizhes crazily about the room , then dart back into the wardrobe . the door slam shut and the CLASS cheer . professor lupin well do , everyone . I think that 's enough excitement for today . as the student exit , chatter loudly , only Harry , subdued , remain behind . at the doorway , lupin glance back , exchange a private glance with he . as he exit , the wardrobe give one last rattle . ext . clock tower courtyard - morning ( two week later ) 50 a great buzzing queue of student -- third year and older -- each clutching a permission form -- pass by a glower filch . professor mcgonagall remember ! this visit to hogsmeade Village be a privilege . should you behavior reflect poorly on the school in any way , that privilege shall not be extend again . Harry approach she , but before he can utter a syllable : professor mcgonagall no permission form . no visit the Village . that 's the rule , Potter . ( continued ) 50 51 through 55 42 . continued : 50 harry yes , Professor , but I think if you say I could go -- professor mcgonagall but I do not say so . a parent or guardian must sign , and since I be neither , it would be inappropriate . ( a flicker of pity ) I be sorry , Potter . but that 's my final word . ron and hermione -- watch Harry expectantly from across the way -- see he turn , shake he head . they face fall . Harry raise he hand in farewell . watch they go . professor lupin ( 0.s. ) so. no hogsmeade , eh ? omitted 51 through 54 ext . bridge ( hogwart ground ) - morning ( moment 55 later ) deep in the distance , some boy skate about on broom , toss a ragged quaffle back and forth . camera tilt . find Harry and lupin walk along the bridge . professor lupin well , do not feel too bad . I be roundly disappointed the first time I go . harry really ? professor lupin no . I be just try to make you feel better . honeyduke ' sweet be the best in the world . they pepper imp be so strong you smoke at the ear . and Zonko 's joke shop may be dangerous , but you can not beat they stink pellet . ( continued ) 55 continued : 43 . 55 harry ( nodd glumly ) not to mention the shriek shack , which , accord to hermione , be the most severely haunt building in Britain . professor lupin yes , that too ... harry Professor , can I ask you something ? professor lupin you would like to know why I stop you from face the boggart . ( off Harry 's surprise ) I should think it would be obvious . I assume the boggart would take the shape of Lord voldemort . Harry frown . lupin study he curiously . professor lupin but clearly ... I be wrong . harry I do think of voldemort first . but then , I remember that night on the train ... and the dementor ... ( continued ) professor lupin well , well . I be impressed . that suggest that what you fear most of all be ... fear . very wise . harry before I faint ... I hear something . a woman . scream . professor lupin dementor force we to relive the worst memory of we life . we pain become they power . harry I think it be my mother . the night she be murder . Harry look up . find lupin study he . ( continued ) 55 56 44 , continued : ( 2 ) 55 professor lupin the first time I see you , Harry , I recognize you immediately . not by you scar . by you eye . they be you mother lily 's . ( nodd ) yes . I know she . she be there for I at a time when no one else be . we use to talk for hour . she be not only a singularly gift witch but a uncommonly kind woman . she have a way of see the beauty in whoever she meet , even -- and perhaps most especially -- when that person could not see it in themselves ... lupin 's eye glaze in memory , then he blink , smile . professor lupin which perhaps explain she affection for you father . James have , shall we say , a certain talent for trouble . a gift , rumor have it , he pass on to you . lupin turn , eye Harry affectionately . Harry smile vaguely . professor lupin I could tell you storey -- and there be many about you parent , Harry -- but know this ... ( eyeing Harry intensely ) they live . every moment of every day . you should know that . that 's how they would want to be remember . int . great hall - evening ( later ) 56 the Hall buzze with tale of hogsmeade , as student swap storey , sample sweet , and send soap bubble of all shape , size and color into the air . a marionette of a harlequin cavort atop the gryffindor table , move its limb in response to the strand of light that extend from neville 's fingertip . seamus pass he hand through the light beam and -- flumph ! -- the harlequin collapse . ( continued ) 56 continued : 45 . 56 hermione and the post office ! it 's about 200 owl , all sit on color - code shelf , depend on how fast you want you letter to go ! ron and honeyduke 's be brilliant ! sugar quill , flaming whizbee -- and blood - flavor lollipop for Halloween ! Harry nod , pick quietly through the spray of brilliantly color sweet on the table . hermione notice . hermione but , I mean , after awhile , it get a bit boring . do not you think , ron ? ron huh ? oh. yeah . Dead depress . hang on . I almost forget . I get you something wick at dervish and bange . it 's a pocket sneakoscope . ron place a SMALL glass spinning top on the table . ron if there 's someone untrustworthy around , it 's mean to light up and spin . mind you , Fred and George say it 's rubbish , sell for wizard tourist , but I think , you know , it can not hurt , give that ... harry sirius Black 's try to kill I . Harry look up , grins at the two of they . harry I be glad you have a good time . really . and thanks for this . ( eyeing the sneakoscope ) rubbish or not , you be right . it can not hurt . with that , Harry pop a pepper imp into he mouth . ( continued ) 46 . 56 continued : ( 2 ) 56 ron oh , careful of that , they will make you ... on cue , smoke curl from Harry 's ear and nose . ron never mind . 57 int . moving staircase / seventh floor corridor - night 57 ( later ) as Harry , ron , and hermione climb the stair , they find a crowd gather on the seventh floor landing . ron what 's the hold - up ? only neville ever forget the password . percy ( push past ) let I through , please . Excuse I , thank you , I be head Boy ... ( stop dead ) back ! all of you ! no one be to enter this dormitory until it have be fully searched ! Harry , ron , and hermione exchange dark glance , when ... Ginny emerge from the crowd , she face ashen . ginny the fat Lady ... she 's go . ron probably stuff she face with the apple in that still life on the second floor again . ginny no . you do not understand -- hermione gasp . grab Harry 's arm . he look . sees : the fat Lady 's portrait have be slashed viciously , great strip of canvas hang from the frame . just then , dumbledore appear . dumbledore Mr. filch . round up the ghost . tell they to search every painting in the castle for the fat Lady . ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 61 47 . continued : 57 just then , there be a scream . the student dash to the landing , where all the painting whisper fearfully . filch 's rheumy eye peer up , search the upper shadow , then ... narrow . filch there will be no need for ghost , Professor ... filch extend a crooked finger . High up , near the ceiling , the fat Lady cower in a portrait not she own , tremble . dumbledore dear lady . who do this to you ? fat lady ( in a trance ) eye like the devil he 's get . and a soul as dark as he name . it be he , headmaster . the one they talk about . he 's here . somewhere in the castle . sirius Black . as the student react , dumbledore 's voice cut through . dumbledore secure the castle , Mr. filch . the rest of you ... to the great Hall . montage - secure the castle - night 58 clock tower door : great groaning tumblers fall . spindle rotate . cylinder -- one after another -- fire into place . window : Iron spike , sharp as razor , rise instantly . omitted 59 ext . hogwart castle - continuous action - night 60 one by one , deep in the distance , the light of the great Hall go out . dementor appear , covering frame , then separate like a curtain ... int . great hall - night ( hour later ) 61 camera drift through the silent room , over a ocean of sleeping bag , find Harry lie awake , stare at the net of star glimmer beyond the high window . ( continued ) 61 62 continued : 48 . 61 a gentle creak be hear and Harry 's eye shift , see snape pass through the great door , converge with dumbledore . snape I have do the dungeon , headmaster . no sign of Black . nor anywhere else in the castle . dumbledore ( nodd ) I do not really expect he to linger . snape remarkable feat , do not you think ? to enter hogwart castle on one 's own , completely undetected ... dumbledore gaze at the student , refuse to take the bait . snape you may recall , prior to the start of term , I do express my concern when you appoint Professor -- dumbledore I do not believe a single professor inside this castle would have help sirius Black enter it , severus . as snape 's eye glitter darkly , dumbledore gaze out over the slumbering student . dumbledore no ... I feel quite confident the castle be safe . and I be more than willing to let the student return to they house . but tomorrow . for now , let they sleep ... as dumbledore 's gaze find Harry , he shut he eye , feign sleep . dumbledore it 's astonish what the body can endure when the mind allow itself to rest . ext . hogwart castle - day the whomp Willow idly cast off a few wither leave . 62 ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 49 , continued : 62 sir cadogan ( v.o. ) what villain be this that trespass upon my private land ! int . gryffindor common room - morning 63 the fat Lady have be replace by a painting of a tiny knight ( sir cadogan ) . stalk a bare stretch of grass as he pony graze nearby , he brandish he sword wildly as a group of gryffindor regard he warily . sir cadogan who dare challenge Sir cadogan ! back , you scurvy braggart ! you rogue ! seamus he 's bark mad ! dean thomas what d' you expect ? after what happen to the fat Lady , none of the other picture would take the job . neville but he keep change the password . twice just this morning ! I have take to keep a list . as neville hold up a wrinkle piece of parchment , Harry , ron and hermione begin to exit . sir cadogan farewell , comrade ! if ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew , call upon Sir cadogan ! ron yeah , we will call you ... if we ever need someone mental . omitted 64 int . lupin' classroom - morning ( later ) 65 SNAP ! snape pull down a screen over the blackboard , turn . ( continued ) 65 50 . continued : 65 snape turn to page 394 . as the student eye snape with guard curiosity , malfoy finish scrawling something on a bit of parchment and ball it up in he hand . as he open they , a moth flutter from he palm . harry Excuse I , sir , but ... where 's Professor lupin ? snape that 's not really you concern , be it , Potter ? suffice it to say , you Professor find himself incapable of teach at the present time . page 394 . snape wave the moth away , blow out a candle and a slide show begins . a ancient woodcut of a horrific beast flicker at the front of the room . ron frown down at he book . ron Werewolves ? hermione but , sir , we have only just begin learn about Red cap and hinkypunk . we be not mean to start nocturnal beast for week -- snape quiet ! ron ( to Harry ) when do she come in ? do you see she come in ... snape now . which of you can tell I the difference between a animagus and a werewolf ? as the class stare mutely at a slide of a attacking werewolf , hermione wait desperately for someone to respond to snape 's question , the moth flutter by Harry . ( continued ) 65 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 swat ! he pin it to he desk . a tiny cloud of moth dust mushroom into the air and Harry lift he palm . malfoy 's parchment have reappear . snape no one ? how ... disappoint . hermione please , sir , a animagus be a wizard who elect to turn into a animal . a werewolf have no choice in the matter . furthermore , the werewolf actively hunt human and respond only to the call of its own kind -- malfoy let out a low howl . snape quiet , malfoy ! though one must admit to feel you pain . that be the second time you have speak out of turn , miss Granger . tell I . be you incapable of restrain yourself ? or do you take pride in be a insufferable know - it- all ? ron ( to Harry ) he 's get a point , you know . Harry stare at the parchment . malfoy have draw a crude caricature of Harry in he Quidditch robe be struck by lightning over and over . snape five point from gryffindor ! ( to the class ) as a antidote to you ignorance , I prescribe two roll of parchment on the werewolf by Monday morning , with particular emphasis place on recognize it . ( suddenly ) pass note , Potter ? snape snatch the draw from under Harry 's nose . eye it . snape not exactly Picasso , be you ? I hope you demonstrate more talent on the Quidditch pitch this weekend then you do as a artist . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 52 . continued : ( 3 ) 65 snape ( cont 'd ) if not , I fear you will perish , give the weather forecast . until that time , however , you will forgive I if I do not let you off homework . should you die , I assure you ... you need not hand it in . as snape turn away , malfoy snigger with crabbe , coyle and pike . Harry glance down at the draw once more and we hear a true rumble of thunder and -- cut to : ++. a stitch of lightning ... omitted 66 & 67 ext . quidditch pitch - a stitch of lightning - day 68 as it strike one of the golden quidditch ring and the cloud bloom with icy blue light . Far below , in the stand , rain lash the sea of umbrellas . as one fly free , soar end over end into the sky , the ... -+. crowd explode and two Quidditch squad -- gryffindor in scarlet , hufflepuff in canary -yellow -- shoot into the air . twin bludgers FIRE skyward , and the match be on . we CUT into Harry , rise like a rocket through the mist , he robe snapping violently in the wind . intercut harry Pov -- as he fly , rain fall like needle before he , every dark cloud conceal potential danger . beater crisscross he path . a bludger whizhes past , then a second rocket directly at he . swoop ! -- Harry duck , watch the bludger shatter the broom of a hufflepuff beater . the beater go into a wild spiral , vanish in the mist . ( continued ) 68 53 . continued : 68 in the stand ron squint upward , the player little more than streaking blur from he vantage . ka - sssst ! a stitch of lightning strike the tail of angelina johnson be broom . as it burst into flame , she plummet to the pitch . ron look down at he own hand . in the highly - charge AIR , the hair above he knuckle rise . in the sky , Harry fly fearlessly , search for the snitch as Bludgers pierce the cloud above he and chaser flit in and out of view far below . suddenly , in the stand opposite , a black umbrella fly from the hand of a ravenclaw girl . for a moment , it sail wondrously through the heavy air , a magritte dream , then -- whoop ! whoop ! whoop ! -- abruptly pick up speed , rotating like a hatchet . Harry duck , turn , and watch it disappear into a bank of cloud . then ... -+. something glimmer : the snitch . instantly , Harry jet off close fast on the tiny , glimmer ball , chase it through one cloud ... then another ... and another ... until ... .-. he break into a clear patch of sky ... only to find the snitch be go . angrily , Harry whip the nimbus back around , search the horizon frantically , when he spy something : in the stadium 's highest tower , something enormous flicker briefly in silhouette , then be obscure by a veil of mist . Harry turn . in the distance , the stray umbrella spin into view , harpoon a player . Harry 's eye shift . the snitch shimmer like a firefly in the dark underbelly of a cloud . Harry begin to go ... when the veil of mist shroud the high tower shift and -- for one brief moment -- a great dog be reveal . as this mist close , Harry frown , jet away . as Harry pelt after the snitch , the crowd rise to there feet , roaring . ron grins over the binocular , watch Harry shred the mist as he urge he broom on . harry come on ! faster ! the trace of a smile form on Harry 's lip as he close on the snitch ... only yard away ... reach out ... when ... ( continued ) 68 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 68 -.. a thin glaze of ice cloud he glass . he wipe at they , then flinch : blood trickle down he cheek . the rain be turn to needle . Needles of ice . Harry glance at the handle of he broomstick . the water sluice through the grain be freezing . vapor stream from he mouth and nose . swoosh ! a dark silhouette pass on he right . he turn . swoosh ! -- a twin silhouette pass on he leave . Harry see neither . look down . the layer of mist be parting below . lightning strike . reveal : a army of silhouettes drift onto the pitch . a vast legion of they ... dementor . a distant whistle weave into the wind , rise in pitch , not a whistle at all , but a ... scream . a woman' scream . Harry 's eye flutter , and wisp of silvery white light float from he mouth . his glass glaze over completely . his finger , rigid , can no longer grip the broom and ... he fall . hermione no !!! Harry and broom tumble in opposite direction . the nimbus soar end over end , toss by the current , then drop ... right into the whomp Willow . floomph ! Harry , in freefall , drop through one cloud , then another . plummete through the circle dementor . then ... a tall figure rise from the crowd . raise a OPEN hand to the heaven . eye angry but clear . dumbledore . a explosion -- more powerful than thunder -- rock the air . a flash -- more fierce than lightning -- shock the sky . and then ... the screen goe black . not a sound . for the longest time . then ... voice : ron look a bit peaky , do not he ? ( continued ) 68 69 55 . continued : ( 3 ) 68 fred peaky ? what d' you expect he to look like ? he fall fifty foot . GEORGE yeah , c'mon , ron . we will walk you off the astronomy Tower and see how you come out look . harry probably a right sight better than he normally do . Harry open he eye and ron , Fred , George , and hermione slowly come into focus , stand at the foot of he bed in the hospital wing . hermione Harry ! how're you feel ? int . hospital wing - day 69 as Harry edge up against he pillow , we see a nurse in the b.g. , remove the spoke of a umbrella froma hufflepuff player 's neck . Harry do not look so good himself . harry brilliant . fred gave we a right good scare , mate . harry what happen ? ron you fall off you broom . harry really ? I mean the match . who win ? silence . uncomfortable glance . hermione no one blame you , Harry . the dementor be not mean to come on the grounds . dumbledore be furious . after he save you , he send they straight off . ( continued ) 69 70 56 . continued : 69 Harry nod grimly , stare at the rain lashing the window . ron there 's something else you should know , Harry . you nimbus -- when it blow away ? -- it sort of land in the whomp Willow . and well ... he tip a bag of splintered wood and twisted twig onto the bed . as Harry stare , we hear a gentle wind , then ... professor lupin ( v.o. ) I be sorry about you broom , Harry . there 's no chance of fix it ? ext . black lake - late afternoon 70 Harry shake he head in response to lupin 's question , then -- whoosh ! -- set hedwig free of she trace . as she soar into the sky , Harry and lupin watch from the lake 's edge . harry why do they affect I so , Professor ? I mean , more than everyone else ... professor lupin dementor be among the foulest creature that walk this earth . they feed on every good feel , every happy memory , until a person be leave with nothing but he worst experience . you be not weak , Harry . the dementor affect you most , because there be true horror in you past . horror you classmate can scarcely imagine . you have nothing to be ashamed of . harry I be scared , Professor . professor lupin I would consider you a fool if you be not . ( continued ) 70 70 a 71 72 57 . continued : 70 harry I need to learn how to fight they . you could teach I , Professor . you make that dementor on the train go away ... professor lupin there be only one that night ... harry but you make it go away . professor lupin ( a beat ) I do not pretend to be a expert , Harry . but yes , I can teach you . perhaps after the holiday . for now , though , I need to rest . I be feel ... tired . Harry turn , study lupin 's haggard face . a weary smile appear as hedwig 's reflection glide over lupin 's irise . professor lupin beautiful ... Harry look up , watch hedwig pinwheel through the blue , past the clock tower and exit frame . camera hold , the sky pale , and snow begin to fall . we tilt down ... ext . hogwart castle - day ( week later ) 70 a ... to hogwart castle , week later , dust in white . ext./ int . clock tower - day 71 Harry , frame in the window , stare out , look forlorn . in reflection , snow fall on the glass . harry Pov a rag line of student follow mcgonagall toward the bridge . Harry 's Pov become objective and ... ext . clock tower courtyard - day 72 -+. footprint appear in the snow , move quickly to join the other student . ( continued ) 72 73 58 . continued : 72 suddenly , Fred and George appear , head the opposite way and ... the footprint reverse themselves ... as if Fred and George be escort a invisible person . fred clever , Harry . GEORGE but not clever enough . fred besides , we have get a better way . int . entrance hall - day ( moment later ) 73 the great door open and Fred and George enter . the invisibility cloak drop and Harry be reveal , look cross . instantly , Fred slap a worn roll of parchment into he hand . Harry unfurl it . frown . it 's blank . harry what 's this rubbish ? fred rubbish he say . that there 's the secret to we success . GEORGE it 's a wrench give it to you , believe I . fred but we have decide you need 's great than ours . George , if you will ... GEORGE I solemnly swear that I be up to no good . George touch he wand to the parchment and intricate ink line surface in the fiber of the paper , spread like vein . Harry read the curious word at the top : harry ' messr moony , wormtail , padfoot and prong be proud to present the marauder 's map ' ...? GEORGE ah ... moony , wormtail , padfoot and prong . we owe they so much . ( continued ) 59 . 73 continued : 73 harry hang on . this be hogwart ! and that ... no . be that really ... Harry point to a small moving dot label " dumbledore . " fred dumbledore . GEORGE in he study . fred pace . GEORGE do that a lot . harry you mean , this map show ... fred everyone . harry everyone ? GEORGE everyone . fred where they be . GEORGE what they be do . fred every minute . GEORGE of every day . harry brilliant ! where would you get it ? fred nicked it from filch 's office , of course , first year . now listen . there 's seven secret passageway out of the castle . but we would recommend ... ( continued ) 73 74 75 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 73 fred / GEORGE this one . GEORGE the one - eyed witch on the third floor . harry the one-ey ... fred witch , right . but you best hurry . filch be head this way . ( as they go ) oh. and , Harry ? when you be do , make sure to give it a tap and say , ' mischief manage . 's otherwise , anyone can read it . int . divination stairwell - day ( moment later ) 74 Harry approach a statue of a hump - back , one -eyed witch . insert map -- Harry trace he finger along the tatter surface to a ink figure label " Harry Potter . " a tiny speech bubble appear : " dissendium . " harry dissendium ? click ! the witch 's eye open and the statue pivot , revealing a dark open in the floor . as Harry crouch , squinting , a cool draft of AIR ruffle he hair and the camera drift into the darkness ... int . underground passageway - day ( later ) 75 a tiny light bob in the distance , fracture the darkness , then Harry appear , the tip of he wand glowing , map in hand . insert map : '' Harry Potter " glide across the parchment . new angle - day ( later ) Harry stop , crane he neck . stone step . tap the map . harry mischief manage . 76 77 78 79 61 . int . honeyduke's sweetshop - cellar - same time - day 76 crate . huge rolling bin . a wood staircase . a trapdoor lift . Harry 's eye appear . as he pull himself up , a door bang OPEN . dense chatter roar from above . quickly , Harry hide , watch a man' boot descend the stair . then ... woman ( 0.s. ) a box of jelly slug as well , Horace . we be nearly clear out . horace grunt , begin move box . Harry look up to the cellar door , take out the invisibility cloak ... int . honeyduke's sweetshop - same time - day 77 the cellar door ease open -- but no one appear . we track through a sweet tooth 's dream , swarming with customer . up ahead , neville prepare to lick the lollipop in he hand , when it simply float from he finger and out the door ... ext . MAIN STREET ( hogsmeade village ) - continuous 78 action - day ... into the misty , fog -shrouded chaos of Main Street . as the lollipop drift on , footprint appear in the snow below ... ext . shrieking shack - day ( later ) 79 at this elevation , the mist hang in thick , undulate veil , the shriek shack a eerie silhouette in the gloom . ron and hermione stand stiffly , attempt , as best they can , to conceal the fact that , basically , they be scared stiff . hermione it 's mean to be the most haunt building in Britain . do I mention that ? ron twice . hermione should we move a bit closer ? ron huh ? oh ... all right ... ( continued ) 79 62 . continued : 79 they take a step . one step . stop dead . ron actually , it 's fine from here . hermione perfect . just then , voice echo and three figure appear over the rise , phantom in the mist . malfoy . crabbe . goyle . Pike . draco well , well . look who 's here . you two shopping for you dream home ? seem a bit grand for you , weasel - bee . do not you family all sleep in one room ? ron shut you mouth , malfoy . draco ( cluck he tongue ) now that 's not very friendly . boy , I think we be go to have to teach weasel - bee to respect he superior . hermione ( a harsh chuckle ) hope you do not mean yourself . malfoy 's eye shift , regard hermione with disgust . draco how dare you speak to I , you filthy , little mud -- splat ! malfoy take a snowball to the grill . splutter : draco who do that ! malfoy glance about in confusion , when -- splat ! splat ! -- he take two more . hermione and ron glance about uneasily . draco well , do not just stand there ! ( continued ) 79 80 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 crabbe and goyle start for ron and hermione , when -- flumph ! -- they knee go out and they fall headfirst into the snow . draco begin to back away fearfully , eying the mist ... draco wait a minute , there 's something out here -- aaaaaaahhhh !!! malfoy 's ski mask be pull over he eye , he 's spun about , give a rough kick to the ass and send stumbling over the rise and out of sight . instantly , crabbe and goyle join he . ron and hermione stand freeze , exchange a nervous glance , and ... dash off ... when -- flumph ! -- they both go fly , land on they pants in the snow . as they sit up , they hear ... laughter . hermione 's eye narrow in suspicion . hermione Harry ...? Harry ? the invisibility cloak drop . sure enough . Harry . grinning . ron bloody hell , Harry ! that be not funny ! but he 's smile . they all be . as he and hermione pelt Harry with snowballs , we -- cut to : ext . MAIN STREET ( hogsmeade village ) - day ( moment 80 later ) the trio trudge through the swirling snow . Harry 's don hermione 's scarf and ron 's hat to disguise himself . ron that weasel ! never tell I about any marauder 's map ! hermione but Harry be not go to keep it . he 's go to turn it over to Professor mcgonagall , be not you ? ( continued ) 80 continued : 64 . 80 ron oh sure . along with he invisibility cloak , he pack of explode snap card , he -- hermione oh , shut up . cornelius fudge ( 0.s. ) rosmerta , m'dear ! up ahead cornelius fudge emerge from a ministry sleigh as hagrid swing the door clear and -- with unfortunate ease -- rip it clean off the fitting . fudge join mcgonagall and a curvy barmaid ( rosmerta ) outside the three broomstick pub . hermione that 's madam rosmerta . ron fancy she . ron it 's not true ! harry shhh . cornelius fudge I trust business be good ? madam rosmerta it would be a right sight better if the Ministry be not send dementor into my pub every other night . cornelius fudge we have a killer on the loose . madam rosmerta sirius Black ? in hogsmeade ! and what would bring he here ? cornelius fudge Harry Potter . madam rosmerta Harry Potter ! ( continued ) 80 81 82 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 80 fudge look around nervously , then jerk he head toward the pub . as he lead rosmerta and mcgonagall inside , we -- CUT back to : hermione and ron ron Harry ? he 's go . footprint track through the snow , into the pub . int . three broomstick pub - harry Pov from under the 81 invisibility cloak - day ( moment later ) .».. as he thread through the teeming pub , past a sign ( " no underage wizard " ) and nearly collide with some very strange - looking patron . ron and hermione ripple briefly past a frost window , then ... three shrunken head swing into view . shrunken head # 1 so I say to he , ' careful , ned . do not want to go lose you head ! ' as the three head cackle hysterically , bob up and down on they string , Harry turn ... just as a unshaven wizard be arm whip down and a dart go whistling right toward Harry 's eye . Harry duck , pivot , and -- thwock ! -- see the dart pierce the cork of the disfigure dartboard behind he . Harry hurry on , trail fudge and mcgonagall up a dark stairwell as rosmerta lead they into a small back room . as the door start to close , Harry rush forward : slam ! too late . camera tilt . the knob turn , the door open ... int . three broomstick pub - card room - day 82 --. and snow flutter off the sill of a half -open window . mcgonagall turn , frown , and re-close the door , harder this time , then join fudge and rosmerta . harry Pov shift from one to the other as they speak . madam rosmerta come on then . let 's hear it . ( continued ) 82 continued : 66 . 82 professor mcgonagall year ago , when Harry Potter 's parent be mark for death , they go into hide . few know where they be . one who do be black . and he tell ... madam rosmerta you -know - who . I have hear this rot . it be all over the Daily Prophet back in the day . and I will say now what I say then : of all the boy I run out of here , Black 's the last who would have go over to the dark side . hearsay . that 's all the Ministry have . hearsay . cornelius fudge ha ! tell that to Peter pettigrew ! madam rosmerta Peter pettigrew ? professor mcgonagall Little lump of a boy ? always tagging after Black and ... madam rosmerta I remember he . what 's he get to do with it ? professor mcgonagall after the potter be kill , pettigrew go look for Black . and , unfortunately ... find he . cornelius fudge Black be vicious . he do not kill pettigrew . he destroy he . a finger . that 's all that be leave . a finger -- there 's you hearsay . rosmerta look to mcgonagall . she nod grimly . professor mcgonagall sirius Black may not have put he hand to the potter , but he 's the reason they be dead . and now he want to finish what he start . madam rosmerta Harry . ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 67 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 mcgonagall nod , then look pain . cornelius fudge but that 's not the worst of it . madam rosmerta what could be worse ? professor mcgonagall this : sirius Black be and remain today ... Harry Potter 's godfather . blam ! the pub door fly open , reveal Main Street , where ron and hermione wait , rub they hand against the chill . as they look down , camera tilt ... ext . MAIN STREET ( hogsmeade village ) - moment later - 83 day --. and footprint appear in the snow . harry Pov end . camera tilt up , follows hermione and ron until they leave frame , then hold on a poster of black , flutter against a lamppost : " have you see this wizard ? " ext . outskirt of town - day ( moment later ) 84 at the end of a rocky outcrop , the footprint end and sob be hear . ron take hermione 's arm , discouraging she from go further , but she do , fill the footprint with she own , then kneel and -- very gently -- draw the cloak from Harry . he stare into the mist , eye sting with tear . harry he be they friend . and he betrayed they . he be they friend . ( eye harden ) I hope he find I . but when he do , I be go to be ready . when he do , I be go to kill he . ext . hogwart castle - dusk ( transition to spring ) 85 butterfly flutter over the great green lawn . the giant squid break through the last glaze of ice on the Black Lake . the whomp Willow shake the water from its branch ... 86 68 . int . astronomy room - dusk 86 the dying SUN stream through high window , painting Harry 's face a fierce amber -red as he stand opposite lupin . ancient chart drape the wall while gleam sphere of spun glass orbit one another silently . lupin pace before a large trunk . professor lupin you be sure about this , Harry ? this be very advanced magic . well beyond ordinary wizard level . harry if Black can fight the dementor , I need to know how too . lupin study Harry -- as if conflict -- then decide . professor lupin very well . the spell I be go to teach you be call the patronus charm . ever hear of it ? Harry shake he head . professor lupin a patronus be a kind of positive force . for the wizard who can conjure one , the patronus work something like a shield . the dementor feed on it instead of he . just then , the trunk rattle violently . as Harry 's eye wander , lupin snap he finger , bring he attention back . professor lupin but in order for it to work , you must think of a memory . and not just any . this memory need to be a very happy one . and powerful . Harry think a bit . then ... nod . professor lupin get something ? good . let it fill you up . lose yourself in it . then speak the incantation : expecto patronum . without you wand ... harry expecto patronum ... ( continued ) 86 69 . continued : 86 professor lupin right then . shall we ? Harry nod , raise he wand . lupin , watch closely , reach over , grip the lid of the trunk ... professor lupin concentrate , Harry . concentrate ... as lupin fling open the case , Harry open he eye . in the sun 's blood - light , the dementor look particularly horrific . harry expecto ... patronum ... the torch on the wall flicker as a chill breeze fill the chamber . a scream echoes distantly . Harry 's hand tremble . his eye begin to roll up ... harry expecto ... expecto ... professor lupin here ! crack ! -- the dementor mutate into a silvery white orb . professor lupin riddikulus ! lupin flick he wand , send the orb back into the pack case . Harry stand blink . daze . lupin fish a chocolate frog from he pocket . press it into Harry 's tremble hand . professor lupin quickly . Harry study the frog . take a bite . begins to recover . harry that 's one nasty dementor . professor lupin boggart , Harry . the real thing would be much , much worse . just out of interest , what be you think of ? what memory do you choose ? ( continued ) 70 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 harry the first time I ride a broom . professor lupin that 's not good enough , Harry . not nearly . Harry glance toward the window , at the bloody sun . harry there 's another . it 's not happy exactly . I mean , it be . it 's the happiest I have ever feel . but it 's ... complicated . professor lupin be it strong ? Harry look up into lupin 's eye . emotional . nod . professor lupin then let 's try it . Harry take a breath . toss the frog aside . poise himself . professor lupin think , Harry , think -- harry just do it ! lupin blink at Harry 's quiet fierceness . open the pack case . instantly , the dementor appear again . a chill fill the air . the hair skate off Harry 's scar . he set he jaw ... harry expecto patronum ! Harry 's hand trembles . his whole body trembles . but he hold he ground , when -- whoosh ! -- a huge silver shadow burst from the end of he wand , hover between he and the dementor . the dementor falter ... Harry 's leg like water ... professor lupin riddikulus ! crack ! the dementor vanish . Harry 's arm drop . slack . lupin eye Harry with a kind of awe . his voice barely a whisper . ( continued ) 86 87 88 89 90 71 . continued : ( 3 ) 86 professor lupin well do . harry I think I have have enough . for today . lupin nod . watch Harry move to the door . professor lupin so you know , Harry : you would have give you father a run for he money . and , believe I , that 's say something . Harry ponder this . then speak , deep inside himself . harry I be think of he . and mum . see they face . they be just talk to I . just ... talk . that be the memory I choose . I do not even know if it 's real ... Harry grip the door , push past . harry but it 's the best I have . int . tower dormitory - night 87 all the boy asleep . all except Harry , who lie in bed , study the photo of he parent , barely visible in the flutter light of a gutter candle . as the flame die with a soft hiss , all go black and we -- CUT to : ext . hogwart castle - night ( later ) 88 a hulk , haunt goliath against the sky . ext . courtyard - night 89 a cautious breeze rise . leave scud across the gravel . int . great hall - night 90 a church . empty . Silent . 91 92 92a 92b 72 . int . seventh floor corridor - night 91 a windowpane rattle , up high , the corridor thatched in shadow . slowly ... camera begins to move . creeping forward . a shadow engulf Sir cadogan , doze against he tree ... int . tower dormitory - night ( moment later ) 92 a whistle shriek . the sneakoscope , whirling madly , skitter across the bedside cabinet and -- click ! click ! click ! -- tap against a water glass , send shaft of red light pinwheel over the photo of Harry 's parent ... ron aaaahhhh ! Harry bolt up , see a silhouette etched on the window -- a man clutching a knife . all the boy be up now . scream . amid the chaos , Harry grab he wand . harry everybody out ! the other flee . Harry face the hulking shadow , wand poise . harry show yourself . crash ! the water glass shatter on the floor and scabber dart past Harry 's bare foot , chase by crookshank . seize the moment , the silhouette grasp the curtain and swing through the open window , plunging into the night . Harry rush to the window , look down . ext . gryffindor tower - continuous action - night 92a the silhouette leap from ledge to ledge with a animal 's grace , then ... vanish . int . tower dormitory - continuous action - night 92b Harry sweep ron 's curtain aside . his bed be ... empty . harry ron ! ron ! Harry 's eye flash toward the window , when ... ron poke he head out from under the bed . ron be he go ? 93 73. int . gryffindor common room - night ( later ) 93 the entire gryffindor House , in pajamas , stand before mcgonagall , who wear a tartan robe and a expression of singular irritation . professor mcgonagall that 's preposterous , weasley . how could sirius Black possibly have get through the portrait hole ? ron I do not know how he get in ! I be a bit busy dodging he knife ! just then , a curiously content crookshank wend he way through ron 's leg . ron and this bloody cat eat my rat ! hermione that 's a lie ! ron it be not and you bloody well know it ! professor mcgonagall silence ! mcgonagall turn then and everyone follow she eye to Sir cadogan who , sense the attention , perk up instantly . every eye dumbledore Sir cadogan . be it possible that you let a mysterious man enter gryffindor Tower tonight ? sir cadogan certainly , good lady ! he have the password . have the whole week 's , in fact . on a little piece of paper . professor mcgonagall which abysmally foolish person write down the password and then proceed to lose they ! shift once more : neville . mcgonagall sigh . professor mcgonagall be it always go to be you , longbottom ? ( continued ) 93 94 through 96a 74 . continued : 93 neville I be afraid so , mar 'am . professor mcgonagall ( to the group at large ) while we know sirius Black be go tonight , I think you can safely assume he will , at some future time , attempt to return . let I be clear . you be not to move about the castle alone . and you be not to write down the password ! understood ! a collective nod of the head . mcgonagall give the tie of she robe a sharp tug , collect herself , and exit . professor mcgonagall very well then . go to bed . as the student drift off , ron cast a last angry glance toward hermione , who now hold crookshank in she arm . harry I could have kill he . hermione turn , see Harry stare out the window . harry he be right there . Close enough to touch . I could have kill he . omitted 94 through 96 ext . slope - day 96 a the trio make they way down the slope . ron I find it astonish that someone who pride herself on be so logical can be in such denial . hermione Harry . will you explain to you friend Ronald that he have absolutely no proof whatsoever that my sweet , unassume cat eat he shabby , decidedly decrepit rat . ( continued ) 96 a 97 75 . continued : 96a ron Harry be there ! he will tell you how it be . go on , Harry , tell she . harry no , I will not . know why ? because I do not care about you stupid rat ! I do not care about you stupid cat ! I have get few other thing on my mind right now ! ron really ? be not you have to roll under the bed last night to avoid get cut to ribbon ! a person could die be you friend , Harry ! ron stop , wish he could take it back . they all wish he could . avoid each other 's eye , they turn , continue on . ext . black lake - day ( moment later ) 97 hagrid , wear a gigantic , hairy brown suit and perhaps the world 's ugliest yellow and orange tie , stand knee - deep in the shallow of the Black Lake , skim rock as big as flagstone across the water 's shiny gloss . as he turn , the trio catch a brief sight of he eye , red with tear , then he look away . hermione how would it go , hagrid ? hagrid buckbeak like London . hermione I mean the hearing . hagrid oh. that . well , I get up a ' say my bit -- you know , how buckbeak be a good hippogriff a ' as long as yeh treat ' im with respect , he would treat you the same . then lucius malfoy get up a ' say he bit -- you know , how buckbeak be a deadly dangerous beast that no teacher in they righ ' mind would expose they student to ... ( continued ) 97 98 99 76 . continued : 97 hermione ( dread it ) and ...? hagrid sling another rock into water . hermione you must not blame yourself , hagrid . ron draco . it 's he the Committee should punish . it 's he they should send off to the forest , not buckbeak . hagrid buckbeak 's not go back to the forest ... hermione ( dread the answer ) where 's he go , hagrid ? hagrid he ask fer the worse , yeh see , lucius malfoy do . a ' the Committee grant it . buckbeak 's bin sentence ter death . ext . hogwart castle - night 98 dark. ominous . dementor drift in the distance . restless ... int . tower dormitory - night 99 Silent . a room of shadow . while that around he slumber , Harry lie awake , unable to sleep . finally , he turn to he cupboard , take the marauder 's map . whisper : harry I solemnly swear that I be up to no good . the crooked corridor and serpentine passageway of hogwart radiate across the parchment , then ... a tiny dot catch Harry 's eye . he frown . it read : '' Peter pettigrew . " 100 77 . int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 100 Harry move down a dark corridor , map in hand , wand aglow . in the painting he pass , the subject snore softly . insert - marauder's map " Harry Potter " and " Peter pettigrew " draw closer and closer . back to scene Harry squint toward the end of the corridor . down at the map . pettigrew move quickly down the adjoin corridor . twenty yard away . ten. only second away ... wand tremble in he hand , Harry glance from the map to the dark corridor ahead , again and again . then ... as the two dot be about to collide ... he look slowly up ... turn the corner ... heart in he chest ... and meet ... himself ... reflect in a mirror . he blink , startle , then glance back down at the map . pettigrew have move past he . confused , Harry wheel , cast he wand along the wall . voice ( 0.s. ) watch it there , boy ! Harry jump . but it 's only a old man in a painting , scowling in the glare of Harry 's wand light . on the map , " pettigrew " continue to move away . Harry make to follow , then stop . hear footstep . the wand spot dance across the parchment , find another dot . approach fast : '' severus snape . " harry mischief manage ! Harry stashes the map , extinguish he wand , and turn ... into the harsh glare of snape 's wand . snape Potter . what be you do wander the corridor at night ? harry I be ... I be ... sleepwalk ... a sneer curdle the corner of snape 's lip . ( continued ) 100 78 . continued : 100 snape how extraordinarily like you father you be , Potter . he , too , be exceedingly arrogant . strut about the castle -- harry my dad do not strut . nor do i. now , if you do not mind , I would appreciate you lowering you wand . snape eye Harry coldly . contain himself . lower he wand . snape turn out you pocket . Harry do not move , eye still boring into snape . snape turn out you pocket ! finally , Harry oblige . see the map , snape 's eye glitter . snape and this . what might it be ? harry spare bit of parchment ... snape really ... ( poise he wand ) reveal you secret ! to Harry 's horror , word begin to appear . snape study he , a sadistic half - smile on he lip . turn the map he way . snape read it . harry ' messr . moony , wormtail , padfoot and prong offer they compliment to Professor snape and ... ' snape go on . ( continued ) 79 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 harry ... and request that he keep he abnormally large nose out of other people 's business . ' snape ( smile droop ) why you insolent little -- professor lupin Professor ...? snape turn . see lupin stand in the shadow . snape well , well . lupin . out for a little walk in the moonlight , be we ? professor lupin Harry ? you all right ? snape that remain to be see . I have just now confiscate a rather curious artifact from Mr. Potter . take a look , lupin . this be suppose to be you area of expertise . lupin take the parchment , which now display a rather unflatter caricature of snape and a pair of potion . snape clearly , it 's full of Dark Magic . professor lupin I seriously doubt that , severus . it look to I as if it merely insult anyone who try to read it . I suspect it 's a Zonko product . nevertheless , I shall pursue any hide quality it may possess . as you say , it 's my area of expertise . come , Harry . 101 int . corridor / lupin' office - evening ( moment later ) 101 Harry walk aside a fume lupin , who grip the map fiercely . ( continued ) 101 continued : 80 . 101 professor lupin I do not know how this map come to be in you possession , Harry , but I be astound that you do not turn it in . do you ever stop to think that this -- in the hand of sirius Black -- be a map to you ? Harry walk silently . lupin can barely contain he anger . professor lupin you father do not set much store by rule either . but he and you mother do give they life to save yours . gambling they sacrifice by walk about the castle unprotect , with a killer on the loose , strike I as a poor way to repay they . I will not cover up for you again , Harry . lupin enter he office , toss the map on he desk , and begin to sort through some papers . Harry linger briefly in the doorway , absently eye the waxing moon that glimmer beyond the window , then start to turn away . stop . harry Professor . just so you know , I do not think the map always work . earlier , it show someone in the castle . someone I know to be dead . professor lupin ( only half - listen ) and who be that , Harry ? harry Peter pettigrew . lupin hesitates ever-so-slightly , then return to he papers . professor lupin very well . I would like you to return to you dormitory now . oh , and Harry ? do not take any detour . as Harry look back , lupin tap the map . professor lupin if you do . I '11 know . cut to : ( continued ) 101 102 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 101 closeup - crystal ball murky with smoke . professor trelawney ( v.o. ) relax ... let you mind ... go ... int . divination classroom - morning 102 the student gaze into crystal ball , face reflect the mist within , so that they very skin seem to be make of smoke . conspicuously , Harry , ron and hermione sit apart . professor trelawney Crystal -gaze require that you clear the Inner Eye . only then , will you ... see . oh my , what do we have here ...? as trelawney eye Harry 's crystal , hermione roll she eye . hermione here we go again . it 's the grim ! it 's the grim ! professor trelawney ( eye narrowing ) my dear , from the moment you first arrive in my class , I sense that you do not possess the proper spirit for the noble art of divination . you may be young in year , but the heart that beat beneath you bosom be as shrivel as a old may 's , you soul as dry as the page of the book to which you so desperately cleave . stung , hermione start to reply , but -- remarkably -- seem incapable of a single word . rising gracelessly , she exit , knock she crystal ball to the floor . Harry watch curiously as the ball roll slowly out the doorway ... lavender ' in late spring , one of we number will leave we forever ! ' you know , Professor ! you see . professor trelawney on this occasion , I take no joy in my gift , miss Brown . 102a 102b 82 . ext . divination classroom - morning ( later ) 102a as the student exit , ron , walk separately from Harry , turn to neville . ron she 's go mental , hermione have . I mean , not that she be not always mental , but now it 's out in the open for everyone to see ... ron stop , glance at Harry , then move off . Harry watch he go , along with the other , then spy hermione 's crystal ball lie on the landing . int . divination classroom - day ( moment later ) 102b Harry set hermione 's crystal back on its stand , start to go , when ... the smoke within the crystal suddenly darken . lean close , Harry watch the shape that appear . it be unmistakable : sirius Black . just then , a shadow crawl the glossy surface of the crystal and ... ++. a hand snatch Harry 's shoulder . he wheel , find ... harry Professor trelawney -- professor trelawney he will return tonight .... Harry stiffen . trelawney 's voice be eerily hollow . harry s-sorry ? professor trelawney tonight , when the clock strike twelve , the servant shall break free . he and he master shall be reunite . it can not be prevent . trelawney smile savagely ... then she head fall forward . when it rise , she blink , eye the hand that lie upon Harry 's shoulder . her hand . professor trelawney so sorry , dear boy . do you say something ? her voice be normal once more . Harry shake he head . harry no. nothing . 103 104 105 106 83. int . divination stairwell - day ( moment later ) 103 Harry -- clearly unsettle by he encounter with trelawney -- hasten down the stair , and we ... fade out . int . clocktower courtyard - day ( later ) 104 swook ! swook ! we fade up on a moving Pov of a crow as it glide to the flock circle the foot of a pot - bellied man ( the executioner ) sit in the courtyard . as he sharpen he axe -- swook ! swook ! -- we -- cut to : harry , ron and hermione hurry past . the executioner look up and we -- cut to : ext . hogwart castle - bridge - late afternoon 105 ... Harry , lead ron and hermione toward hagrid 's hut . hermione I can not believe they be go to kill buckbeak ! it 's too horrible . harry it just get worse . she and ron look and see : ext . sundial garden - continuous action - late 106 afternoon malfoy , along with crabbe and goyle , lurk within a grouping of monolithic menhir , binoculars in hand , spying on hagrid , who stand in the pumpkin patch , toss dead ferret to buckbeak . hagrid wipe he eye , lope into the hut . draco do you see the big , fat blubber oaf ?! oh , this be go to be rich . do I tell you , Father say I can keep the head -- ( look up ) ah. come to see the show ? ( continued ) 106 107 108 84 . continued : 106 hermione you ... foul ... loathsome ... evil ... little cockroach ... malfoy stumble back against a tree , cross -ey with fear as hermione jab the tip of she wand under he nose , when ... ron hermione ! no ! she turn , surprised ron 's speak to she . he look away . ron he 's not worth it . hermione nod , then -- smack ! -- quick as lightning , land a looping right to malfoy 's jaw , put he flat on he back . stun , he leap to he foot and run , crabbe and goyle huffing and puffing behind . hermione that feel good . ext . slope / pumpkin patch - late afternoon ( moment 107 later ) the trio make they way down the slope and past buckbeak , chew on a ferret with idle satisfaction . int . hagrid be hut - later ( late afternoon / dusk ) 108 hagrid stand by the window watch buckbeak . Harry and ron sit . hermione make tea . hagrid look at ‘em . love the smell of ' the tree when the wind blow ... harry I say we set he free . hagrid ( shaking he head ) they would know I do it . and tha ' would only get dumbledore in trouble . gonna come down , yeh know . say he want ter be with I when it ... when it happen . great man , dumbledore . ( continued ) 108 continued : hermione we will stay with you too , hagrid . hagrid yeh will not ! think I want ' yeh seein ' a thing like this ! no. yeh ' 1ll drink yer tea a ' be off . but before yeh do -- I want ' ter see you a ' ron shake hand , Harry . 85 . 108 ron and Harry exchange a glance , then look to hagrid . hagrid thin ' I haven ' see 'ow it 's bin betw and you two ? go on now ... reluctantly , Harry and ron extend they hand . shake . hagrid good . now then . ron , I want ' ter see you give hermione a hug . hermione / ron what ! hagrid go on ! you two have be at it all year . a ' I be sick o' it . acutely uncomfortable , hermione and ron step forward and perform perhaps the most awkward hug hogwart have ever see . hagrid crikey , tha 's jus ' about ' the most pathetic hug I e'er see . but yeh do it , a ' tha 's wha ' matter . there 's jus ' one other thing ... ron I be not kissing fang if that 's what you be think ... hear he name , fang -- hagrid 's giant boarhound -- thump he tail happily on the floor . hagrid turn , take the lid from a flour tin , a tiny head , ear fleck with powder , emerge . ron scabber ! you be alive ! ( continued ) 108 109 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 108 hagrid yeh should keep a closer eye on yer pet , ron . hermione I think you owe someone a apology . ron right . next time I see crookshank , I will let he know . hermione I mean I . hagrid crikey . here we go agin ... smash ! a glass jar on the shelf shatter . as hermione scoops up a jagged STAR - shape stone , a second stone bounce off the back of Harry 's head . harry ow ! Harry turn , look out the window . harry hagrid ... everyone turn . look . dumbledore and fudge approach . behind they , in a flutter shroud of crow , the executioner follow , axe at he side . hagrid begin to panic . hagrid yeh get to go ! it 's almost dark . anyone see yeh outside the castle it will be trouble ! Big trouble ! ' specially you , Harry -- bang ! bang ! bang ! the door shake . hagrid stiffen in fear . Harry reach up , put he finger to hagrid 's tremble lip , speak softly to the other . harry c'mon . ext . hagrid be hut - pumpkin patch - wide shot - dusk 109 ( moment later ) as the trio exit through the back door , fudge , dumbledore and the executioner enter through the front . ( continued ) 109 110 87 . continued : 109 a veil of crow flutter onto the roof . more drop into the patch , begin to slowly circle buckbeak . Harry and the other duck behind the pumpkin , watch hagrid solemnly greet the other . fudge appear at the window . pick he nose . just then , a shhh ! be hear . hermione turn . the branch of the tree behind she be dancing oddly . harry what ? hermione nothing , I just think I see ... never mind . ext . sundial garden - dusk ( moment later ) 110 the trio slip silently into a stand of tree . Beyond they , hagrid 's hut glimmer desolately in the die sun . High in the clock tower , a bell begin to toll . ding ! ding ! ding ! the trio stop , fight they tear . a quartet of bleak shadow file from the hut . one of the shadow -- dumbledore -- raise he hand and point , direct the attention of the other away from buckbeak . dumbledore speak briefly -- unintelligible from this distance , then -- caw ! caw ! -- the crow shriek excitedly and the executioner separate from the other , disappear behind a low stand of tree . ding ! all go very still . the wind lose its voice ... ding ! sunlight kick off the axe as it rise over the tree , into view ... ding ! the ax hang seemingly forever , etched against the sky , then drop from sight . a sickening chop ! foul the breeze and ron and Harry stare toward the tree in numb disbelief . hermione , face turn away , tremble ... ( continued ) 110 110 a 110b 88 . continued : 110 ding ! the SUN set , drop behind the mountain in the distance . hermione turn . see a frenzied spray of crow stain the bloody sky , they primal shrieking rise like a curse . slowly , hermione 's hand fall onto ron 's shoulder and camera fall with she , continuing down the length of ron 's arm to he hand , where a drop of blood hang from he finger , drop like a tear ... ding ! ron stare at he hand . at the blood run down he finger . ron he bit I ... his eye shift . see scabber streaking away . hermione ron ! no ! as ron pelt after scabber , Harry and hermione give chase . ext . ridge - continuous action - dusk 110a ron reach the summit , disappear over the top . hermione and Harry follow . ext . whomping willow - continuous action - dusk 110b Harry and hermione reach the top of the ridge . stop. hermione Harry . you do realize what tree this be ... ron nab scabber , cradle he in he bloody palm . ron now behave yourself . camera pull back : ron be kneel under the whomp Willow . ( continued ) 110 B 89 . continued : 110b harry that 's not good . ( yell ) ron ! run! ron spin . look toward Harry . ron Harry ! run! Harry 's eye shift . bound toward he in the gather gloom be a enormous , pale - eyed , jet-black ... dog . Harry shield himself when ... the dog leap clear over he . ron aaaahhh ! the dog 's teeth flash and -- SNAP ! -- close on ron 's foot , drag he toward the trunk like a rag doll . instantly , Harry dash forward , leap out , and grab ron 's hand ... but he and ron just keep skudd along the ground . hermione I have get you -- hermione pitch herself onto Harry 's foot ... and the three of they go scudd along . ron Harry ! Harry raise he chin . the dog vanish into the gap at the base of the tree , begin to pull ron through ... harry hold on , ron ! but it 's no use . the dog be too powerful . Harry glance around desperately , then find himself look directly in ron 's eye . he can read he mind . harry no , ron ... one by one , ron release he finger from Harry 's forearm . sacrifice himself . harry nooooo ! !! but ron close he eye , release he hand fully , and ... ( continued ) 110 B 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 110b disappear . as he voice echoes deep into the earth ... Harry and hermione rise , peer into the hole . whomp ! the whomp Willow sweep first hermione , then Harry , into the air and -- floomph -- drop they on they backside . harry and hermione's Pov - the branch overhead sway beautifully against the dusky sky , swish softly . back to scene as one , they rise . run back toward the gap in the tree . a branch swoops down . hermione duck . Harry do not . whoosh -- he be flung one way , he glass the other . hermione hop over another branch -- look briefly pleased with herself -- only to find herself swept high in the AIR by a second branch . she look down , see Harry search the ground for he glass . hermione haaaaaaarrrrrrilllilii! Harry squint up , see a pile - drive fist of a branch scream straight down for he head . he roll away just as -- whomp ! -- the branch pulverize the ground . hermione whip through frame , still cling on for dear life , and Harry rise . flumph ! -- he 's promptly knock to the ground again . hermione go crashing through the high branch , Harry spy he glass and grab they . rising , he fit they to he face and ... he blurry Pov ... ... turn crystal clear just in time to see hermione flying madly toward he . hermione ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! harry ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! hermione reach out , grab Harry 's shirt and -- riding the branch in tandem -- the two boomerang back , hurtle toward the trunk of the tree , through the gap , and into the darkness ... 111 111a 112 113 91 . int . willow root - tunnel - night ( moment later ) 111 .».. below . oomph ! Harry hit the ground hard . oomph ! hermione fall on top of he . hermione thanks . harry do not mention it . lumos . as the tip of Harry 's wand glow , reveal a long , snake tunnel . hermione where do you suppose this go ? harry I have a hunch . I just hope I be wrong ... int . tunnel to shrieking shack - night 111a Harry and hermione make they way through the primitive passageway , ducking the root that dangle overhead . then , abruptly , the tunnel ... end . confused , Harry and hermione glance about , then -- as one -- peer up . a small open . Harry reach up , hoist himself through . int . shrieking shack - decrepit room - night 112 Harry pull hermione up . look about . Paper peel from the wall . stain -- suspiciously similar to dry blood -- blot the floorboard . shatter furniture lie strewn everywhere . hermione we be in the shriek shack , be not we ? Harry do not answer , stare at the dog print in the dust on the floor . the ceiling creak . they dash to the stair . int . hallway - landing - night ( second later ) 113 they come out , look down . a wide , shiny stripe cut through the dust - laden floor -- as if something have be drag -- to the end of the hallway , where a light seep from a door . harry nox . ( continued ) 113 114 92 . continued : 113 his wand - light die . slowly , they step to the door . Exchange a look . she nod , wand ready , and Harry kick the door aside . int . upstair room - same time 114 ron sit upon a sagging bed , clutching he bloody foot . hermione ron ! you be okay -- harry the dog -- where 's the -- ron it 's a trap , Harry . he 's the dog . he 's a animagus ... Harry look down , follow the paw print on the floor to a pair of filthy human feet . Harry look up slowly at the man stand in the shadow . filthy , matte hair hang to he shoulder . his skin like a corpse . sirius black . he study Harry 's face keenly . Harry draw he wand . hermione if you want to kill Harry , you will -- you will ... have to kill we , too ! sirius black no . only one will die tonight . harry then it will be you ! hermione Harry ! no ! just then , footstep sound . Black wheel toward the door , edgy . Harry eye Black , wand hand shaking violently . as Black turn back , he stop , regards Harry cautiously . sirius black go to kill I , Harry ? harry yes . ( continued ) 114 93. continued : 114 Harry raise he wand . blam ! -- the door crash OPEN : lupin . harry / hermione / ron Professor lupin ! lupin ignore they , eying Black intensely . professor lupin look a bit rag , be not we , sirius ? finally the skin reflect the madness within . sirius black you would know all about the madness within , would not you , remus ? the two regard each other , the moment taut with tension , then lupin step forward and ... embrace Black like a brother . hermione no ! I trust you ! I cover up for you . and all this time you have be he friend ! ( point ) he 's a werewolf ! that 's why he 's be miss class ! Harry and ron stare , dumbfounded , at lupin . Black howl then , bitterly amused . lupin eye he , then turn back . professor lupin how long have you know ? hermione since Professor snape set the essay . professor lupin you be the brightest witch of you age I have ever meet , hermione . sirius black yes , you glow like the sun . and you howl at the moon . enough talk ! he die . now . if you will not do it with I , remus , I '1l1 do it alone . professor lupin wait , sirius -- ( continued ) 114 94 . continued : ( 2 ) 114 sirius black I do my wait ! twelve year of it ! in azkaban ! trust I , you would not have last a week ! lupin eye Black , then nod . professor lupin all right then . as you wish ... harry no ! Harry raise he wand when lupin wheel and , with a flick of he own , disarm he . furious , Harry eye Black murderously . harry you betrayed my parent ! you sell they to voldemort ! sirius black it 's a lie ! I never would have betrayed James and lily ! professor lupin Harry ! you have get to listen -- harry do he listen ! when my mother be die ! do he hear she scream ! sirius black no ! I be not there ! and I will regret it the rest of my life ! Harry 's eye flash to Black 's , glitter with pain . professor lupin someone else betrayed you parent , Harry . someone in this room right now . someone who , until quite recently , I believe to be dead . sirius black he 's as good as dead . harry what be you talk about ? there 's nobody here . ( continued ) 114 95 . continued : ( 3 ) 114 sirius black oh yes there be ... Black turn then , to ron , and croons in a cruel sing song : sirius black come out , come out , Peter come out , come out and play ... ron draw back from Black 's dement gaze . ron you be mad ... Harry 's eye shift from ron 's face to he hand , where scabber twist violently . as a curious expression befall Harry , lupin and Black , as one , raise they wand ... when . snape expelliarmus ! the wand fly from they hand . the other turn , find snape stand in the doorway , smile smugly . snape ( eying Black ) ah , vengeance be sweet . how I hope I would be the one to catch you . professor lupin severus -- snape I tell dumbledore you be help you old friend into the castle . and here 's the proof . sirius black brilliant ! and -- as usual -- dead wrong . now give we we wand back . remus and I have a bit of unfinish business to tend to . as Black approach , snape put he wand to Black 's neck . snape give I a reason . I beg you . professor lupin do not be a fool , severus ! ( continued ) 114 96 . continued : ( 4 ) 114 sirius black he can not help it . it 's habit by now . professor lupin quiet , sirius ! snape ( cluck he tongue ) listen to you two . quarreling like a old marry couple . the creature and the criminal . sirius black piss off . snape witty as ever I see . tell I , will you be so irreverent when I turn you over to the dementor ? ( as Black react ) do I detect a flicker of fear ? one can only imagine what it must be like to endure the dementor 's kiss . it 's say to be unbearable to witness . but I will do my best . snape 's eye harden . he gesture to the door . snape after you . as the other start to go , Harry glance at the table where lupin have leave Harry 's wand . ina flash , it 's in he hand . harry expelliarmus ! snape soar into the air , hit the wall with a thud , and slide down . ron and hermione stare in shock . hermione Harry . you attack a teacher . Harry look a bit shocked himself , then turn to Black . harry you say Peter before . Peter who ? professor lupin pettigrew . he be at school with we . we think he be a friend . ( continued ) 114 97 . continued : ( 5 ) 114 harry no. pettigrew 's dead . he kill he . as Harry point at Black , Black laugh mirthlessly . professor lupin I think so , too . until you mention see pettigrew on the map . harry the map be lie then -- sirius black the map never lie . pettigrew 's alive . and he 's right there . Black point at ... ron. ron go white with fear . ron m-me ? it 's lunatic ... sirius black not you , you idiot . you rat . ron scabber ? scabber have be in my family for -- sirius black ( bitterly ) twelve year . a curiously long life for a common garden rat . he 's miss a toe , be not he ? Black unfold a dog-eare clipping from the Daily Prophet : it show ron in Egypt with he family , scabber on he shoulder . ron so what ? harry all they could find of pettigrew be he -- sirius black finger . dirty coward cut it off so everyone would think he be dead . then he transformed into a rat . ( continued ) 114 98 . continued : ( 6 ) 114 Harry stare into Black 's sink eye . wanting to believe . desperate to believe . glance at ron , he agonize face . scabber squirm violently . harry show I . lupin and Black turn to ron . he hold scabber protectively . ron what be you go to do to he ? sirius and lupin exchange a glance . sirius black together . with that , lupin take out he wand and , as one , he and Black cast a stream of blue - white light . scabber twist madly in midair , then -- flash ! -- transform into ... a very short man with thinning hair and grubby hand . peter pettigrew . pettigrew S -sirius ... R- remus . my old friend . neither speak . pettigrew 's small , watery eye dart toward the window and door . suddenly , he make a break for it , but sirius merely shove he back . pettigrew 's nose twitches , he gaze find Harry . his hand flutter nervously , reveal a missing index finger . pettigrew Harry ! look at you ! y- you look just like you father . like James . we be the best of friend , he and I -- sirius black shut up ! pettigrew I do not mean to ! the Dark Lord , you have no idea the weapon he possess ! ask yourself what you would have do , sirius . what would you have do ! ( continued ) 114 115 & 116 continued : ( 7 ) sirius black die ! die rather than betray my friend ! and you should have realize , Peter , if voldemort do not kill you ... professor lupin we would . pettigrew no ... please ... you can not ... ( eye darting , find ) ron ! have not I be a good friend ? a good pet ? you will not let they kill I , will you ? I be you rat ... 99 . 114 ron draw back in disgust . pettigrew turn to hermione . pettigrew sweet girl . clever girl . surely you will not let they ... as one , lupin and Black raise they wand , point they directly into pettigrew 's face . he shrink back tremble , close he eye in fear , when ... harry no . pettigrew 's lid lift . lupin and Black turn . professor lupin Harry , this man ... harry I know what he be . but we will take he to the castle . pettigrew bless you , boy ! bless you -- harry get off ! I say we would take you to the castle . after that , the dementor can have you . omitted stagger . 115 116 117 ext . whomping willow - night ( later ) 100 . 117 as pettigrew emerge from the gap , he prattles desperately : pettigrew turn I into a maggot . a dung beetle . a flobberworm ! anything but the dementor ... ( as ron emerge ) ron ! have not I be a good friend ? a good pet ? you will not let they kill I , will you ? I be you rat ... as ron draw back in disgust , a sleepwalk snape bump he head against a low limb . hermione turn to Harry . hermione do not worry . he 's under the somnambulist charm . it 's primarily use to transport the seriously derange . as Harry nod , pettigrew 's plead eye find hermione . pettigrew sweet girl . clever girl . surely you will not let they ... hermione tug she robe from pettigrew 's sweaty grasp . Harry turn , see Black stare in wonder at the castle , shine radiantly under the bright bowl of the night sky . sirius black beautiful , be not it ? I will never forget the first time I walk through that door . it will be nice to do it again . freely . ( turn to Harry ) that be a noble thing you do back there . he do not deserve it . Harry study pettigrew briefly , look away . think . harry I do not reckon my father would want he best friend to become killer for a worthless piece of vermin like pettigrew . besides : Dead , the truth die with he . alive ... you be free . lose in ( continued ) 101 . 117 continued : 117 sirius study Harry 's profile , move by this . sirius black I do not know if you know , Harry , but when you be bear , James and lily make I you guardian ... harry I know . sirius black and , well , I will understand if you choose to stay with you aunt and uncle , but , so you know , you could -- harry come live with you ? when ! sirius black soon as my name 's clear ... Harry look at hogwart . grins . sirius do the same . then , hermione 's voice rise on the air , quavering with fear . hermione Harry ... he turn , see hermione stare at the full moon . his eye shift . lupin be a rigid silhouette , he finger twitching . sirius black remus , old friend ... do you take you potion tonight ? lupin , twitching , shake he head . pettigrew 's eye dart , take in the situation , then slowly shift , note the wand tremble in lupin' lengthening fist . sirius black run . all of you . now . but none of they do , transfix , watch as bristle poke through lupin' skin . Black step forward , wrap he arm around he friend , press he mouth to he ear . sirius black you know the man you truly be , remus . this flesh be only flesh . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 117 sirius black ( cont 'dpound lupin 's chest ) this heart be where you truly live . this heart ! here ! as lupin 's wand drop ... pettigrew leap . harry no! ( flash he wand ) expelliarmus ! lupin 's wand fly from pettigrew 's hand and he freeze . then slowly turn . face blank , eye close , he ... grins hideously . transform . stun , Harry watch a rat dart into the night . a howl pierce the AIR and Harry wheel . with a shrug , lupin toss Black into the air , then turn . he be no longer human . he 's a werewolf . Harry and hermione begin to edge back . hermione Professor ...? the werewolf be eye blaze . Long tooth glitter . then ... a horrifying growl erupt from its throat . Harry and hermione spin , begin to flee ... and run flat into snape . as they collapse in a great clumsy pile , snape 's eye flutter open , the spell break . see hermione atop he , he sweep she aside ... snape out of the way ! ... and find the werewolf prepare to pounce . leap to he foot , snape draw he wand and step forward , shield hermione , Harry and ron . the werewolf howl , sprint forward , when -- swoosh ! -- a giant dog ( Black ) intercept it in midair . they hit the ground in a fierce tangle of flashing teeth , a single horrible flail beast . again and again , the dog push the werewolf back , but the werewolf be too strong ... harry sirius ! the dog yelp , roar in pain , and the werewolf fling it into the tall grass . as it charge after , Harry push past snape , dash into the night . hermione make to follow , but snape hold she back . ( continued ) 117 117a 103 . continued : ( 3 ) 117 hermione Harry ! Harry run full out . up ahead , framed against a full moon , he spy the dog , lie inert , the werewolf 's razor - sharp claw suspend over its neck . harry no !!! desperately , Harry pluck a thick branch from the ground and hurl it with all he might . bull 's - eye . the werewolf freeze . turn . begins to move toward ... Harry . Harry draw he wand , terrify , but torment as well , know lupin dwell somewhere within the beast . harry please , Professor . stop ... it 's I . suddenly ... a howl pierce the night . the werewolf falter , cock its head toward the forest . Harry wait , petrify . the werewolf 's eye shift back to he . it snarl , move closer , ready to kill . Harry cover he face with he arm , when ... ++. a second howl echoes high above the forest . slowly , Harry drop he arm . look . the werewolf bound toward the forest , vanish . Harry 's eye shift . in the darkness , the wounded dog lurch through the tall grass . Falls . rise . Falls again . each time become more human . as he disappear over the ridge , Harry sprint after . ext . black lake - same time - night 117a Harry stumble down to Black , who lie on the water 's edge , now fully a man , arm and face gleam with laceration . harry sirius ! Harry look into he glassy eye . harry sirius ! ( continued ) 117a 118 104 . continued : 117a a fragile mist escape Harry 's mouth . a raw wind toss he hair . chill -bump pebble he skin . a fringe of ice appear at the lake 's edge . then they appear , ooze like smoke through the tree across the lake . dementor . harry no ... no ! ( draw he wand ) expecto ... patronum ! a thin silvery wisp weep from Harry 's wand , hover like a veil , but the dementor continue to come . Harry place he hand on Black 's heaving heart , poise he wand once more : harry expecto ... patronum ... Harry 's patronus bloom briefly ... and die . Harry 's eye flutter , the dementor twist madly in he vision , draw closer . Black gasp . silvery feather of light tumble from he lip , as if he very soul be leave he ... then ... a light splinter the tree . Harry squint , see a fiery stag appear ... its body luminous ... slashing through the tree ... sow light in the darkness . the dementor will in its wake , but more replace they , sweeping down in wave . still , the stag charge on . the light expand . the forest blaze with it . the remain dementor flee , drift across the moon like ash . the light ebb . the stag 's luminous body flicker . there be a bright flash and darkness return , a single thread of light all that remain , spin down to the size of a pearl ... in the palm of man , stand deep in the tree . Harry study the strangely familiar silhouette , then ... it be go . silence drop like a curtain . mist rise from the lake . as snape appear at the top of the rise , we -- fade to black . fade in : int . hospital wing - night ( later ) 118 camera pull back slowly ... out of hermione's shadow , which ripple against the curtain that encircle Harry 's bed . a hand reach out -- Harry 's hand -- and sweep the curtain aside . ron lie opposite , he leg bandaged . hermione pace . stop . ( continued ) 105 . 118 continued : 118 hermione Harry -- harry I see my dad . hermione what ...? harry he send the dementor away ... I see he . across the lake ... hermione exchange a private glance with ron , turn back . hermione listen , Harry . they have capture sirius . any minute the dementor be go to perform the kiss . harry the kiss ...? hermione it 's what dementor do to that they want to destroy . they clamp they jaw over the victim 's mouth and ... suck out he soul . harry you mean , they be go to kill sirius ? hermione no . it 's worse . much worse . you go on live . but you have no memory . no sense of self . you be just a shall . a empty shell ... as Harry react , the door open and dumbledore enter . hermione headmaster ! you have get to stop they ! they have get the wrong man ! harry it 's true , sir . sirius be innocent -- ron it 's scabber who do it ! ( continued ) 118 106 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 dumbledore scabber ...? ron my rat , sir . only he 's not really a rat . well , he be a rat . you see , he use to be my brother percy 's -- hermione the point be ... we know the truth . please , sir , you must believe we . dumbledore I do , miss Granger . but I be sorry to say the word of three thirteen - year - old wizard will convince few other . a child 's voice , however honest and true , be meaningless to that who have forget how to listen . as dumbledore turn to the window , a shoot STAR plummet silently through the sky . dumbledore ah ... a shoot star . if ever one be to make a wish , now would be the time . but time , I be afraid , be precisely we problem ... on cue , the midnight bell begin to chime ... ding !... ding ! dumbledore mysterious thing , time . powerful . and , when meddle with ... dangerous . sirius Black be in the topmost cell of the Dark Tower . ( to hermione ) you know the law , miss Granger . you must not be see . and you would , I feel , do well to return before this last chime . if not ... well , the consequence be really too ghastly to discuss . Three turn should do it , I think . if you succeed , more than one innocent life may be spare tonight . ( continued ) 118 119 107 . continued : ( 3 ) 118 dumbledore hand Harry and hermione each a stick of chocolate , then start to go ... stop . dumbledore by the way , when in doubt , I find retrace my step to be a wise place to begin ... good luck . he smile , exit . Harry glance curiously at the chocolate . ron what in bloody hell be all that about ? but hermione do not reply , instead looping the pendant 's long chain around Harry 's neck as well as she own . hermione sorry , ron . but see as you can not walk ... as ron and Harry exchange a curious glance , the bell continue to chime -- ding ! ding ! -- and ... int . hospital wing - time reversal - night / late 119 afternoon time reverse in a dizzying backward blur , as if a tape be be rewound , every moment that occur in the hospital room flicker by at a dizzying speed while , outside the window , darkness give way to dusk and the sun " un - set , " return to its place low on the horizon . at this point , the time reversal end and the room be ... empty . except for Harry and hermione . as hermione unloop the necklace , Harry glance around in confusion . harry what just happen ? where 's ron ? hermione ignore the question , eye the clock on the wall . hermione seven-thirty . where be we at seven-thirty ? harry huh ? dunno ... go to hagrid 's ? ( continued ) 119 120 through 122 123 124 108 . continued : 119 hermione come on ! we can not be see ! hermione grab Harry 's arm , slam through the door . omitted 120 through 122 ext . bridge - late afternoon ( moment later ) 123 Harry and hermione come to a mad , huffing halt . harry hermione ! will you please tell I what it be we be do ?! she hold up a hand , silencing he . annoy , Harry follow she gaze and blink in disbelief . across the grounds ... ext . sundial garden - same time - late afternoon 124 ... he see himself , along with hermione and ron , about to confront malfoy , crabbe , and goyle near the monolith . harry but that ... that 's ... we . this be not ... normal . intercut between bridge and sundial garden . dumbfound , Harry turn . hermione hold up the hourglass . hermione this be a time - Turner , Harry . mcgonagall give it to I first term . this be how I have be get to my lesson all year . harry you mean , we have go back in time ? hermione yes . dumbledore want we to return to this moment . clearly something happen he want we to change . ( continued ) 124 125 109 . continued : 124 a soft smack be heard . they turn , see malfoy land on the seat of he pants in the sundial Garden , rub he kisser . harry ( in admiration ) good punch . hermione hurry ! malfoy 's come ! hermione pull Harry under the bridge . second later , footstep clamor over they head . draco ( 0.s . ) not a word of this to anyone , understand ! I will get that jump - up mudblood one of this day . Mark my word ... eye narrow in anger , hermione lean out , reach up , and send malfoy sprawling . as Harry pull she back , malfoy look around in confusion , then dash off with the other . second later , Harry emerge , marvel at the sight of himself and hermione , and ron head down the slope to hagrid 's hut . his eye shift to the pumpkin patch . harry look . buckbeak 's still alive . hermione of course ! remember what dumbledore say . if we succeed , more than one innocent life could be spare . harry buckbeak ? but ... how will save buckbeak help sirius ? hermione we will see . ext . hagrid be hut - pumpkin patch - late afternoon / dusk 125 as buckbeak feast on a ferret , Harry and hermione duck behind a pile of pumpkin . peer into the hut , Harry see hermione and ron embrace awkwardly . ( continued ) 125 110 . continued : 125 he grin , turn , only to find hermione analyze the moment with considerable fascination . caught -- regards Harry defensively . hermione what ? harry nothing . Harry look toward the slope , see fudge and the other approach in a cloud of crow . harry here they come . I better hurry . hermione no ! fudge have to see buckbeak before we steal he . otherwise , he will think hagrid set he free ! Harry nod , then look toward the hut . Inside , hagrid be hand scabber to ron . harry that 's pettigrew -- as he start to rise , hermione grab he , speak fiercely . hermione no , Harry ! you can not ! harry hermione , that 's the man who betrayed my parent ! you do not expect I to just sit here ... hermione yes ! you must ! ( point inside ) Harry , you be in hagrid 's hut right now . if you go burst inside , you will think you have go mad . awful thing can happen when wizard meddle with time . we can not be see . hermione turn , watch fudge and the other draw closer . she frown , glance into the hut . ( continued ) 125 111 . continued : ( 2 ) 125 hermione fudge be come and ... we be not leave ... why be not we leave ? just then ... on the ground beside she ... hermione notice a jagged STAR -shaped stone . instantly , she grab it , rise , and hurl it through the OPEN window . smash ! the sound of a glass jar shatter be hear within the hut . harry be you mad ? hermione ignore he , swiftly whistling a second stone through the window and -- conk ! -- off the back of Harry 's head . harry that hurt . hermione sorry . crow begin to drop atop the roof . fudge 's party arrive , rap on the door . hermione c'mon . any minute now we be go to be come out the back door . quickly , hermione and Harry dash into the tree directly behind ... just in time to see themselves -- along with ron -- exit the back door and slip behind the pumpkin pile where , only second before , they be hide . as fudge appear at the window and pick he nose as before , hermione ponder the back of she own head . hermione be that really what my hair look like from the back ? harry shhh ! hermione see herself turn . ducking , she accidentally stir the branch , then peek out and see herself stare curiously at the branch dancing oddly . next she hear she own voice : hermione ( 0.s. ) nothing , I just think I see ... never mind . ( continued ) 125 112 . continued : ( 3 ) 125 Harry and hermione watch themselves start up the slope . the coast clear , they slip out of the tree . hermione now , Harry ! as Harry vault into the patch , the crow stir , cawing at he ankle , peck at he foot . cornelius fudge ( 0.s. ) ' it be the decision of the Committee for the disposal of dangerous creature that the hippogriff buckbeak , hereafter call the condemn , shall be execute this day at sundown ... ' as Harry approach , buckbeak study he curiously , a ferret leg dangle from he beak . Harry bow . slurp ! the ferret leg disappear and buckbeak return Harry 's nod . as Harry take buckbeak 's chain ... a flint -ey crow peck he hand . harry get away ! Harry wave the crow away , yank hard on buckbeat 's chain . cornelius fudge ( 0.s. ) ' the Committee 's appoint executioner shall dispatch the condemn by mean of behead ... ' harry c'mon , buckbeak . come on ... buckbeak refuse to move . cornelius fudge ( 0.s . ) ' as witness below . ' you sign here , hagrid . very well , gentleman . let 's step outside , shall we ... ding ! the hogwart bell begin to toll . Harry and hermione exchange a glance . Harry tug harder . no go . dumbledore ( 0.s. ) Excuse I , Minister . I believe I must sign as well ... ( continued ) 125 113 . continued : ( 4 ) 125 Harry pull at the chain , strain mightily ... ding ! when hermione pop up , bow quickly , and dangle a dead ferret before buckbeak . hermione here , beaky ... come and get the nice dead ferret ... yum yum ... Harry look at she as if she 's mad , but it 's ... work . as buckbeak trot after , the cawing crow scatter . ding ! Harry and hermione lead buckbeak away when the back door suddenly open . they freeze ... catch ... fudge 's eye drift they way , when -- as before -- dumbledore raise he hand and direct the attention of the other away from buckbeak . dumbledore Professor dippet have that blackberry plant when he be headmaster ... Harry and hermione shoo buckbeak along , disappear into the forest ... just as dumbledore conclude he reverie . cornelius fudge let 's get this over with , shall we ? Harry and hermione -- they view unobstructed by the low stand of tree this time -- watch the executioner approach the pumpkin patch ... and stop . quickly , the confusion in he mask eye turn to anger . cornelius fudge but ... where be it ? I just see the beast not moment ago -- hagrid ? hagrid beaky ... hear hagrid 's husky voice , buckbeak strain at he tether , whimper eerily . hermione toss he another ferret . dumbledore ( a hint of amusement ) how extraordinary ! ( continued ) 125 126 127 continued : 114 . ( 5 ) 125 cornelius fudge come now , dumbledore . someone 's obviously release he . hagrid Professor , I swear ! I do not ! dumbledore I be quite sure the Minister be not suggest that you have anything to do with it , hagrid . how could you ? you have be with we all along . cornelius fudge we should search the grounds -- dumbledore search the sky if you must , Minister . in the meantime , I would not say no to a cup of tea , hagrid . or ... a large brandy . ( to the executioner ) it seem you service will no longer be require . the executioner lift he blade and -- with a brutal fury -- plunge it into the flesh of a pumpkin with a sickening the crow Harry and chop ! scatter to the sky . ext . forbidden forest - dusk ( moment later ) 126 hermione race through the tree as buckbeak lope easily behind . harry now what ? hermione we save sirius . harry and we do that ... how ? hermione no idea . ext . edge of forest at whomping willow - dusk 127 subjective Pov , glide through a thicket of tree , to the forest 's edge , the tree thinning , revealing ... 127a 127b 115 . ext . edge of forest at whomping willow - dusk 127a ... the whomp Willow thrashing . hermione disappear down the hole , then a figure approach the tree . lupin . intercut . hermione look . it 's lupin . as the whomp Willow begin to thrash , its violence oddly mute at this distance , lupin take a stick , poke a knot on the trunk . instantly , the Willow calm . harry wait until Fred and George hear about that one . hermione here come snape . as lupin disappear into the gap at the base of the tree , snape make he way down the slope . harry and now we wait . hermione now we wait . ext . edge of forest at whomping willow - dusk to night 127b ( later ) we look upward , see the top of the tree etched against the darken sky . bat fly toward we . we follow one , when buckbeak snag one . a tail twitches briefly between he beak , then -- slurp ! -- be go . hermione ' least someone 's enjoy himself . Harry and hermione sit together in the lengthen shadow . Harry snap off a piece of chocolate , hand it to hermione . harry hermione ... hermione yes ? ( continued ) 127b 128 116 . continued : 127b harry before . down by the lake . when I be with sirius ... I do see someone ... that someone make the dementor go away ... hermione with a patronus . I hear snape tell dumbledore when we be take to the hospital . accord to he , only a really powerful wizard could have conjure it . harry it be my dad . hermione look at Harry . harry it be my dad who conjure the patronus . hermione but , Harry , you dad 's ... harry Dead . I know . I be just tell you what I see . hermione nod , not want to press Harry further , then glance beyond the tree , toward the whomp Willow . hermione here we come . ext . edge of forest at whomping willow - night 128 shadow emerge under a full moon : Black . Harry . pettigrew . lupin . hermione . ron. sleepwalk snape ... intercut : Harry study himself and sirius . harry you see sirius talk to I ? he 's ask I to come live with he . hermione really ? ( continued ) 117 . 128 continued : 128 Harry nod , he voice wistful . harry when we free he , I will never have to go back to the dursley 's . I be go to tell he I would like to live someplace in the country . I think he would like that , after all that year in azkaban . we do not need a big place and I can help he ... a howl pierce the night . hermione glance toward the Willow . hermione it 's happen . lupin 's transformed . harry which mean pettigrew be slip safely into the night . while we just stand here ... a fierce growling be hear as twin silhouettes -- the dog and the werewolf -- bound into the tall grass . Harry watch himself appear , hurl the stick as before . the werewolf turn , begin to stalk ... owwwwwwwww ! Harry wheel , see hermione , hand cup to she mouth , make a loud howl . he cover she mouth . harry what be you do ? hermione save you life . Harry look back to the tall grass . the werewolf be freeze . as before , it begin to approach Harry again . owwwwwwww ! this time , Harry do not stop she . harry thanks . but we have to move . hermione why ? harry because that werewolf you just call be run right this way . they exchange a glance and ... run . 129 130 130 a 130 B 118 . omitted 129 & 130 ext . forest - night ( moment later ) 130 a Harry and hermione dash for the life , swing behind a huge tree . as camera begins to circle , the werewolf appear . pause . as it approach the tree , Harry and hermione silently sidestep in the opposite direction , until the werewolf ... disappear . camera continue to circle the tree ... hermione buckbeak . we have get to find he . --. and reveal the werewolf , fifteen foot past , wait . as Harry and hermione step out , they freeze . the werewolf poise itself , prepare to pounce , when ... skreeek ! the tree shake with the fury of a hurricane and buckbeak charge into the clear , screen Harry and hermione . the werewolf snarl angrily , make to charge . with lightning - fast reflex , buckbeak 's claw slash the air ... only inch from the werewolf 's face . the werewolf stop , eye glitter with rage , then ... howl . turn , it vanish into the forest . hermione poor Professor lupin be have a really tough night ... just then , a chill wind rise ... the leave of the tree tremble ... eerie shadow flutter over the moon , greasy as smoke ... dementor . harry let 's go . CUT to : moving Pov look upward ... through the tree as the sky wheel by , dementor streaking in and out of view . ext . edge of forest at black lake - night ( moment 130b later ) camera rush in , hold on Harry and hermione 's face . ( continued ) 130 B 130c 119 . continued : 130b shock . terror-stricken . opposite they , across the lake ... ext . black lake - same time 130c ++. a cyclone of dementor whirl madly above Harry and Black . intercut between black lake and edge of forest . Harry watch himself vainly attempt to conjure a patronus as the cyclone only continue to grow ... hermione this be horrible ... harry do not worry . my dad will come ... right there ... you will see ... he will come ... any minute ... he will conjure the patronus hermione eye Harry warily . he be transfix , stare hungrily toward the outcrop . the wind rise . the Lake begin to freeze . whoosh ! whoosh ! one after another , dementor drop from the sky , vanish in the cyclone ... hermione no one 's come , Harry ... harry he will ! he will come ! she look . nothing . desperately , she eye flash to the cyclone , to the pitiful sight of Harry and Black at the water 's edge ... wrack with pain ... die ... hermione no one 's come ! you be die , both of you ... and no one 's come ! Harry 's face change . a riddle unravel . he draw he wand . hermione harry , no ! ( continued ) 130c 131 132 133 120 . continued : 130c too late . Harry slashes through the tree , down to the rocky outcrop , to the exact spot where he father appear . poise he wand , he look out over the sea of dementor on the other side of the lake . harry expecto patronum ! a wisp of silver escape he wand , hover like a mist , then bloom magnificently . the tree explode with light . the Lake blaze with reflect FIRE . Harry stand utterly still , wand extend to the heaven . across the lake , the dementor retreat . Harry wait , still as a statue , until each and every one be go . then he simply let he arm drop . ext . hogwart - sky - flying - night ( later ) 131 whoosh ! Harry and hermione plunge into frame astride buckbeak , soaring toward the castle . outside the grounds , the dementor wait restlessly . up ahead , fudge and snape enter the Dark Tower , torch in hand . harry you be right , hermione . it be not my dad I see earlier . it be ... I . I see myself conjure the patronus before . I know I could do it this time , because ... because I would already do it . do that make sense ? hermione contemplate this . hermione no. ( look down in fear ) but I do not like this ! ext . hogwart - dark tower - wide shot - night ( moment 132 later ) we see buckbeak land . CUT to : ext . dark tower - terrace - night 133 sirius pace within a SMALL cell , a man condemn . spy Harry and hermione , he stop . stun to see they . 134 135 136 137 138 121 . int . dark tower - stairwell - night ( same time ) 134 snape , torch in hand , lead the way as fudge huff after . ext . dark tower - terrace - night ( same time ) 135 hermione push past Harry . hermione out of the way ! ( raise she wand ) alohomora ! sirius test the iron door . still lock . hermione do not really expect that to work . ext . dark tower - stairwell - night ( same time ) 136 snape and fudge draw closer ... ext . dark tower - terrace - night ( same time ) 137 wand flash , hermione try spell after spell . hermione dunamis ! liberare ! annihilare ! emancipare ! no. no. no. no. sirius black you might try -- hermione quiet ! I be try to think . she resume pace , muttering furiously . then ... stop . turn . hermione bombarda ! ka - boom ! the cell door rocket to the sky . sirius black that will do . ext . sky / hogwart - helicopter shot - night 138 we see buckbeak spirit Harry , hermione and sirius off the terrace and soar directly toward we ... just as snape and fudge reach the top of the Tower . 139 140 122 . ext . buckbeak - flying - night ( moment later ) 139 sirius laugh , hair blow in the wind . sirius black you truly be you father 's son , Harry ! ext . clocktower courtyard - night ( moment later ) 140 Black put he hand to hermione 's waist , swing she off buckbeak and onto the ground next to Harry . sirius black I will be forever grateful for this . to both of you . harry I want to go with you . sirius black one day perhaps . for some time ... life will be too ... unpredictable . besides , you be mean to be here . Black clap he shoulder , look he in the eye . sirius black but promise I something , Harry . harry anything . sirius black trust yourself . no matter the challenge you face -- and I fear they will be many -- you will be surprised how many time you can find the answer ... ( tapping he heart ) ..- here . as sirius climb atop buckbeak , a shoot STAR arc through the heaven . sirius black a shoot star . make a wish . whack ! -- Black give buckbeak a slap and they soar into the glitter sky . Harry and hermione stand watch , when ... ding ! they wheel . look to the clock Tower . hermione we have to go . ( continued ) 140 141 through 143 144 145 123 . continued : 140 as Harry and hermione dash off , camera track after , rising with they as they race up the tower stairway , then pass through the mechanism and on through to the end of ... omitted 141 through 143 int . corridor / clock tower - night ( moment later ) 144 .-.. the corridor . the clock Tower bell thunder . the door open . dumbledore back out ... dumbledore by the way , when in doubt , I always find retrace my step to be a wise place to begin ... good luck . as dumbledore begin to close the door , Harry and hermione stumble frantically forward , the door about to hit the jamb , when ... suddenly ... dumbledore stop . look up . dumbledore well ? harry he 's free -- sirius . we ... we do it . dumbledore do what ? with a twinkle in he eye , dumbledore swing open the door . as Harry and hermione enter . int . hospital wing - night ( same time ) 145 ... they catch the faintest glimpse of ... themselves ... across the room ... just as they evaporate . ron blink . turn . frown . ron how would you two get over there ? I be just talk to you ... over there . ( continued ) 145 146 147 124 . continued : 145 ron glance to the other side of the room . frown . hermione glance mischievously to Harry . hermione what d' you think , Harry ? too much for he -- everything that 's happen tonight ? harry afraid so . always be a bit of the nervous type , ron have . ron stare at they , confound . slowly , they ... grin . ext . hogwart castle - morning 146 the whomp Willow sway in a light breeze . the Black Lake shimmer , cloud drift in its glassy mirror . int . corridor / lupin' office - morning 147 Harry walk softly toward a OPEN door -- lupin 's office -- and peer in . lupin stand over a batter suitcase , fill it with the last of he book . without turn , he speak . professor lupin hello , Harry . Harry jump . lupin turn , smile through haggard eye . professor lupin saw you come . the marauder 's map lie open on a otherwise bare desk . Harry nod , look back to lupin . unable to disguise he shock at lupin 's appearance . professor lupin I have look worse , believe I . Harry eye the open desk drawer ... the bare bookshelve ... harry you have be sack . professor lupin resigned , actually . ( continued ) 147 continued : 125 . 147 harry resigned ! but why ! professor lupin it seem that someone have let slip the nature of my condition . harry snape . professor lupin whoever . it be bound to get out . this time tomorrow , the owl will start arrive . Parents will not want a -- someone like I -- teach they child . harry but dumbledore -- professor lupin have already risk enough on my behalf . besides , people like I , well ... let 's just say I be use to this by now . but before I go , tell I about you patron . harry well . at first I think it be a horse , or perhaps a unicorn , but I think it be -- professor lupin a stag . harry yes . professor lupin you father use to transform into one . that 's how he be able to keep I company when I become ... sick . he be a great friend James . lupin smile wanly , lift he sorry suitcase . then stop . there be professor lupin storey about he and you mother , you know . some be even true . but I think it 's safe to say , in the end , you will know they best by get to know yourself . lupin then -- with a wick twinkle -- raise he wand . ( continued ) 147 148 149 126 . continued : ( 2 ) 147 professor lupin mischief manage . Harry watch the map go blank . look back . lupin be go . omitted 148 int . great hall - day ( moment later ) 149 ron stand amid a circle of excited gryffindor . ron stand back , I say ! i'1l take it upstairs if you do not settle ! as Harry arrive , he glance at hermione , who clear her throat loudly . the other turn , begin all speak at once . neville Harry ! wherever do you get it ! seamus can I have a go , Harry ? after you , of course -- ron quiet ! ( as they oblige ) thank you . let the man through . mystify , Harry step forward , the boy peel away , clear he view of the broomstick in ron 's hand . the label gleam : " firebolt . " harry whose be that ? ron ( as everyone laugh ) whose be it ? it 's yours , mate . harry but ... how ? who ? hermione it 's a mystery . though fall out of the wrapping . - this Harry turn , see hermione hold up a feather . ( continued ) 149 150 151 127 . continued : 149 harry that 's a hippogriff feather -- as Harry stop short , hermione raise she eyebrow . as they share a secret glance , we ... cut to : int . / ext . hogwart castle - front door - day 150 boom ! the huge vertical door burst OPEN and Harry , trail by the other , exit with the firebolt . as he stride off , other join the assembly -- hagrid , malfoy , crabbe , and goyle among they -- curious to see what the commotion be all about . ext . courtyard - day ( moment later ) 151 as Harry stop , a expectant hush hang over the moment . seamus go on , Harry . neville yeah . let 's see . Harry mount the broom . lick he finger and jab it in the air . a few other do the same . hagrid do the same . crabbe and goyle start to do the same , when malfoy slap they hand down . finally , Harry place he hand on the broom . set he grip . take a breath . and ... frown . fred / GEORGE what 's wrong ? harry I do not think it work . I think it 's defective . a collective groan . dejected , many of the kid begin to drift toward the castle . Harry call after . harry oh , come on now . it 's just a broom . hagrid ( nodd sagely ) just a broom . ( continued ) 151 152 128 . continued : 151 Harry 's eye shift to ron and hermione . a wink . harry the fastest broom in the world . as everyone turn -- whoosh ! -- Harry jets off and we -- CUT to : ext . high in the sky - day ( same time ) 152 a tiny dot , growing larger and larger , race upward . it 's Harry shoot straight into the blue on the firebolt . a scream grow louder as he approach . a scream of release , of utter abandon . it 's Harry scream . but something else be clear as he jets past and ... the screen goe black . it 's a scream of joy . fade out . the end