Rev. 09/13/07 ( Blue ) Rev. 10/02/07 ( pink ) Rev. 11/06/07 ( yellow ) harry potter and the half -blood prince screenplay by Steve klove base on the novel by j.k. Rowling this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . August 28 , 2007 warner bros . picture inc . '' 2007 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 1 . darkness . thunder -- or something like it -- sound in the distance . boom . then again . boom . we glide through the inky blackness . ambient flash illuminate the silhouette of the WB logo . we pass through . into more darkness . lost. more flash . and we -- CUT to : a single eye blank behind glass . flash ! the pupil contract and we --— CUT to : int . ministry of magic - atrium - wider angle - day 1 to find ... harry potter , stand numbly beside albus dumbledore amidst a mob of reporter . cameras flash . dumbledore 's hand find he shoulder and Harry be move , drift through the chaos , dumbledore protective , graceful , dignify . closeup - harry glass his eye dart from side to side . the lense glimmer with abstraction . we -- dissolve into : ext . london office build - conference room - day 2 -+. glass , a window , its surface prickle with another kind of ambient light . we be look into a conference room where office worker sit around a table . but the light have catch one worker 's eye , then another , and soon they be all rise , step to the window , mesmerize by what lie beyond . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 2. continued : worker 's Pov - london skyline blood-re and stormy . a vortex of cloud -- strangely ominous -- hang high in the sky , flash from within , as if about to rain blood over the city . we -- cuT into : the STORM itself and ... «+. plummet , London expand , stretch out on all side . we sweep madly over chare Cross , leave the Muggle world behind and swoop into ... ext . diagon alley - day «+. diagon alley just as the front window of ollivander 's wand shop explode . Witches and wizard flee . in the drift smoke , death eater appear , accompany by a tall , sinewy beast of a man , fenrir greyback . with a casual sweep of he hand he send a wizard fly and a witch scream . in deep b.g. , two death eater abduct a shroud figure ( ollivander ) . greyback grin , then apparate , along with the other ... .-. leave diagon alley behind . the street of London appear below once more , and then the river . Black trail -- the death eater -- streak across the sky and then turn translucent as they encircle the millennium bridge . pedestrian peer upward , bewilder , sense a shift in the atmosphere . and then ... the bridge crumble into the thame , the image horrifyingly beautiful , as be the SOUND of it , a roar , a wail , the last cry of a lion . then the image begin to fade and all go slowly silent , until only a whistling wind be hear and ... ext . mill town - late afternoon «+. tall grasses toss dreamily in a slanting rain . a old mill list like a ancient ruin against a charcoal sky . a dark figure ( narcissa malfoy ) materialize . as she turn for the town in the distance , another witch materialize : bellatrix lestrange . bellatrix narcissa ! harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 3. ext . spinner 's end - late afternoon ( moment later ) 5 like a rat in a maze , narcissa make she way through a labyrinth of dilapidate brick house . bellatrix trail . bellatrix cissy ! you must not do this . he can not be trust . narcissa the Dark Lord trust he . bellatrix the Dark Lord be mistaken . narcissa turn , shocked . bellatrix look shocked herself , rain run down she cheek . * bellatrix or so I believe . narcissa well , who can one trust this day ? int . mill house - same time - late afternoon 6 grim and dark , light by gutter candle . rain drum the * roof eerily . a knocker clang . a squat man shuffle * forth , something familiar in he gait . ext . house ( spinner 's end ) - same time - late afternoon 7 the door crack , spilling sallow light onto narcissa and bellatrix . a face : wormtail . int . hallway - late afternoon ( moment later ) 8 the sister follow wormtail down a narrow hallway . bellatrix he life in this Muggle dunghill ? wormtail glower over he shoulder at she . they pass into ... int . mill house - sitting room - late afternoon ( moment 9 later ) '' ++. a room where a man sit by the window run with * rain , he face hide by the Daily Prophet . * ( continued ) 10 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 4 . continued : 9 on the front page be a photograph of the millennium bridge crashing into the thame . but even more prominent be the silhouette of a young wizard and a headline : harry potter : the chosen one ? Young wizard destine to kill you-know - who ? the paper drop and severus snape eye the woman curiously . snape run along , wormtail . int . mill house - sitting room - late afternoon ( moment 10 later ) snape fill the last of three goblet with wine . narcissa I have nowhere else to turn , severus . snape hand she a goblet , extend one to bellatrix . bellatrix you must be joke . snape smile faintly , bring the goblet to he own lip . narcissa I know I ought not to be here . the Dark Lord himself have forbidden I to speak of this -- snape if the Dark Lord have forbidden it , you ought not to speak . ( eye shifting ) put it down , Bella . we must not touch what be not ours . bellatrix , dark curio in hand , glower , set it back down . snape as it so happen I be aware of you situation , narcissa . bellatrix you ? the Dark Lord tell you ? snape you sister doubt I , narcissa . understandable . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 5. 10 continued : 10 snape ( cont 'd ) over the year I have play my part well . so well I have deceive one of the great wizard of all time . bellatrix make a scathing sound . snape turn , eye hard . snape dumbledore be a great wizard . only a fool would question it . narcissa I ... I do not doubt you , severus . bellatrix you should feel honore , cissy . as should draco -- narcissa he 's just a boy ! snape I can not change the Dark Lord 's mind . but it might be possible for I to help draco . to provide some ... protection . bellatrix eye snape keenly . narcissa do you mean it , severus ? snape I can try . narcissa oh , severus , please , if you would ... ( I would be forever in you debt . ) bellatrix swear to it . snape 's eye shift , meet bellatrix 's challenging gaze . bellatrix make the unbreakable vow. ( as snape look away ) you see . it 's just empty word . oh he 'il try . he will give it he best effort . but when it matter most he 'il slither back into he hole . bloody coward ... ( continued ) 10 11 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 10 bellatrix go on muttering as she splashes some wine into a goblet . snape turn back , anger flash in he eye . snape take out you wand . bellatrix freeze , goblet to she lip . as she lower it , a rivulet of red run out of the corner of she mouth . new angle - moment later snape face narcissa . bellatrix , hand faintly tremble , place the tip of she wand over they linked hand . bellatrix will you , severus snape , watch over draco malfoy as he attempt to fulfill the Dark Lord 's wish . snape I will . a single strand of liquid FIRE issue from bellatrix 's wand and wend its way around they hand . bellatrix and will you , to the best of you ability , protect he from harm ? snape I will . a second strand of FIRE intertwine with the first . bellatrix and should it prove necessary , if it seem draco will fail ... will you yourself carry out the deed that the Dark Lord have order draco to perform ? snape 's hand twitches within narcissa 's . bellatrix wait . snape I will . ext . london underground - night 11 a train blast through the station . 12 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 7. ext . '' treat '' food stand - same time - night 12 late . Lonely man and woman loiter on the platform . ata food stand , patron grimly read they tabloid of choice . camera track past the Daily mail , the Sun , the Mirror -- land on ... the Daily Prophet . the silhouette . the headline : '' harry potter : the chosen one ? '' but the ( unseen ) reader be fixate on a smaller item , tuck at the bottom corner of the back page : '' malfoy sentence to azkaban . '' two photograph accompany the piece , one of lucius malfoy , another of narcissa and draco malfoy as they exit a courtroom . draco 's eye look distant , haunt . waitress ( 0.s. ) Harry Potter . who 's Harry Potter ? the paper drop , reveal ... Harry . he glance up at the young waitress who stand over he . pretty . very pretty . harry oh. um. no one . bit of a tosser . as she lean over to clear he chip wrapping , Harry 's gaze drift over the smooth skin of she neck , the spray of freckle across one cheek ... waitress funny that paper of yours . couple night ago , I could swear I see one of the picture move . harry really . waitress think I have go round the twist . she make a face , smile . a smile to die for . start to go . harry hey . I be wonder ... waitress eleven . that 's when I get off . ( the smile ) you can tell I all about that tosser Harry Potter . Harry watch she go , then quickly reach into he coat and fumble out a sxmint container . just then ... ( continued ) 12 13 14 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 8. continued : 12 «+. a light on the opposite platform flicker . Harry look . it flicker again and this time a small cloud of glittering dust dance over the opposite platform . as a train roar past , Harry squint through the flicker window and watch the dust transform into ... albus dumbledore . level he glass , he peer across the platform , smile and give Harry a wave . ext . opposite platform - night ( moment later ) 13 as Harry arrive , he find dumbledore study a perfume advertisement which show a model with a wand in she tooth : '' tonight make a Little Magic with you man . '' dumbledore I once know a Muggle girl from Liverpool with hair like spun silk . no light could resist it ... ( turn ) you have be reckless this summer , Harry . harry I like riding round on the train . it take my mind off ... thing . Harry hesitates , notice dumbledore 's hand be ash black . dumbledore Rather unpleasant to behold , be not it ? the tale be thrill if I do say so myself , but I be afraid now be not the time to tell it . take my arm . ( extend it ) do as I say . Harry glance across the platform , see the freckle waitress appear , eye he empty table . slowly , he reach out and -- instantly -- all go black in a rush of SOUND and FURY , as if Harry have be pitch headlong into a tornado . second later ... ext . village square - night ( moment later ) 14 ... he re-emerges into the world , reeling , eye sting with tear . slowly , he planet stop spin . harry I just apparate , do not I ? ( continued ) 14 15 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 9 . continued : 14 dumbledore indeed . and quite successfully I might add . most people vomit they first time . harry can not imagine why ... new angle - moment later dumbledore lead Harry up a steep narrow street line with darken house . dumbledore welcome to the charming village of budleigh babberton , Harry . I assume right about now you be wonder why I have bring you here , be I right ? harry ( glance about ) after all this year , I just sort of roll with it , sir . dumbledore smile mildly , then pause , he face darken . before they stand a SMALL stone house . but something be wrong about the place . dumbledore wand out , Harry . int . slughorn '’s house - same time - night 15 through a crack in the front door : dumbledore and Harry move swiftly up the walk and enter . dumbledore lumos ... the tip of dumbledore 's wand blaze . he sweep the shadow . call out . dumbledore Horace ! nothing . dumbledore point he wand down a narrow hallway . mote of dust dance in the wandlight , but nothing else . he start down the hallway , toward the OPEN doorway at its end . slowly , the room beyond come into view : 16 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 10 . int . slughorn 's house - sitting room - night 16 utter devastation . a grandfather clock lay upon the floor , its face crack . a piano sag in the corner , key strewn like tooth upon the rug . a copy of the Daily Prophet tremble in the breeze from a half - open window . as Harry look , a drop of something wet strike the word '' chosen . '' his gaze rise . he gasp . a substance dark and glutinous be spatter upon the ceiling . dumbledore raise he wand . the ceiling scream red . another drop fall and this one strike Harry 's scar . as Harry move to wipe it away , dumbledore grab he hand . train he light on Harry 's forehead , dumbledore flick a blacken finger over the scar . bring it to he tongue . react . turn , he eye narrow on a overstuffed armchair . move to it , he jab he wand into the plump seat cushion . armchair merlin 's beard ! instantly , the armchair mutate into human form , though briefly get catch inbetween . after a bit of grumbling , seam-splitting and the popping of a cushion button or two , a fat old man ( horace slughorn ) in a pair of well - worn lilac pajamas appear . slughorn ( rub he rump ) there 's no need to disfigure I , albus ! dumbledore I must say , you make a very convincing armchair , Horace . slughorn it 's all in the upholstery . ( patting he stomach ) I come by the stuff naturally . what give I away ? dumbledore ( nodd to the ceiling ) Dragon 's blood . slughorn yes , well , I could not very well use wizard 's blood , could I ? oho ! ( continued ) 16 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 11 . continued : 16 slughorn take a step back , have spot Harry . the blood on Harry 's forehead only serve to highlight he scar . dumbledore ah yes . introduction . Harry , this be a old friend and colleague of mine , Horace slughorn . Horace , this be , well , you know who this be . ( a droll whisper ) apparently there 's some think he may be the chosen one . slughorn stare at Harry as if hypnotize . dumbledore so why all the theatrics , Horace ? you be not perhaps expect someone else , be you ? slughorn ( blink ) s-someone else ? I be sure I do not know what you mean . dumbledore raise a eyebrow . slughorn cave . slughorn oh all right ! the death eater have be try to recruit I for over a year . do you know what that 's like ? one can only say no to this people so many time before they ... dumbledore take matter into they own hand ? slughorn eye dumbledore miserably , gesture . slughorn I never stay anywhere more than a week . the muggles who own this place be in the canary Islands . dumbledore well , I think it should be put back in order for they , do not you ? mind ? ( continued ) 16 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 dumbledore raise he wand . instantly , the grandfather clock resume its rightful place , shattered lantern be - ignite and the blood on the ceiling evaporate -- just as the piano key tumble back into place with a pleasant musical run . dumbledore that be fun . May I use the loo ? as dumbledore head down the hall , slughorn call after . slughorn do not think I do not know why you be here , albus ! the answer be still no ! absolutely , unequivocally no ! dumbledore do not respond . slughorn glance at Harry . the silence be palpable . awkward . a beat . then : slughorn you look very like you father . except for you eye . you have get -- harry my mother 's eye , yeah . slughorn ( smile softly ) lily . Lovely lily . she be exceedingly bright -- you mother . even more impressive when one consider she be muggle-born . harry one of my best friend be Muggle - bear . she 's the best in we year . slughorn oh , but you must not think I be prejudice ! no , no , no ! you mother be one of my absolute favorite ! look , there she be . right up front . slughorn wave to a dresser crowded with photograph . slughorn all mine , each and every one . ex - student , I mean . you recognize barnubas cuffe , of course , editor of the Daily Prophet . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 17 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 13 . continued : ( 3 ) 16 slughorn ( cont 'd ) always take my owl should I want to register my opinion on the news of the day . and there 's ambrosius flume of honeyduke . send a hamper of chocolate to the house each birthday . that be , when I have a house . and gwenog Jones , captain of the holyhead harpies -- free ticket whenever I want they . of course , I have not be to a match in some time ... Harry step forward , take a picture of one particular boy , a boy who resemble ... sirius . see Harry thus distract , he study he intently , like a rare object . slughorn ah yes . regulus Black . you no doubt know of he older brother sirius . die a few week ago . I teach the whole Black family except sirius . shame . talented boy . I get regulus when he come along , of course , but I have have like the set . dumbledore mind if I take this ? I do love knitting pattern . slughorn blink , look away from Harry and find dumbledore stand there , clutching a muggle magazine . slughorn of course . but you be not leave ? dumbledore I think I know a lose cause when I see one . regrettable . I would have consider it a personal triumph have you consent to return to hogwart , Horace . you be , like my friend Mr. Potter -- one of a kind . ext . slughorn 's house - night ( moment later ) 17 dumbledore hum placidly as he and Harry make they way down the walk . second later , the front door swing ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 14 . 17 continued : 17 slughorn all right ! I x11 do it . but I 'il be want Professor merrythought 's old office , not that water closet I have formerly . and I expect a raise ! this be mad time we live in ! mad ! dumbledore indeed they be . 18 ext . STREET ( budleigh babberton ) - night ( moment later ) 18 dumbledore lead Harry back toward the Village Square . harry Sir , exactly what be that all -- dumbledore you be talented , famous and powerful -- everything Horace value . Professor slughorn be go to try to collect you , Harry . you would be he crown jewel . that be why he be return to hogwart . and it be crucial he return ... Harry look intrigue by this last statement , but before he can pursue it , dumbledore glance ruefully at the moon . dumbledore I fear I may have steal a wondrous night from you , Harry . she be , truthfully , very pretty . the girl . harry it 's alright , sir . I x11 go back tomorrow , make some excuse -- Harry stop . dumbledore be shaking he head . dumbledore you 'il not be go back to Little whing tonight , Harry . harry but , sir . what about hedwig ? and there 's my trunk -- ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 22 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 15 . continued : 18 dumbledore both be wait for you . dumbledore extend he arm . mystify , Harry reach out . as he finger touch the silk of dumbledore 's cloak , he ... ext . the burrow - night ( second later ) 19 ... apparate into view , stumbling to one knee and wince . harry Sir ? dumbledore be go . Harry rise , glance about . in the distance a crooked house shimmer . a pretty girl with red hair flit briefly past a upstairs window . ginny weasley . int . weasley house - staircase - same time - night 20 Ginny dash down a vertiginous staircase , fly into the kitchen and find ... int . weasley house - kitchen - continuous action - night 21 ... a large trunk and a owl cage . curious , she cock she head to one side . the owl do the same in return . ginny hedwig ...? mum ! int . weasley house - downstair hallway - same time - nigh22 ginny' Pov , look up -- a dizzying perspective of twist railing and crooked bedroom door . a clock hang in view , bear nine hand , each inscribe with a weasley name , each point to mortal peril . mrs . weasley appear , look down . mrs . weasley what be it , Ginny ? be it you father ? have something happen at the Ministry ? have he be kidnap ? be it the death eater ? ginny exactly . how have you guess ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 16 . continued : 22 Mrs. weasley throw she hand up over she face . ginny I be joke , mum . mrs . weasley you be worse than Fred and George . ginny now you be joke . I be only wonder when Harry get here . mrs . weasley Harry who ? ginny Harry dimpleton . Harry Potter , of course . mrs . weasley I think I have know if Harry Potter be in my house , would not I ? ginny well he trunk 's in the kitchen . and he owl . mrs . weasley I seriously doubt that . just then , hedwig screech 0.s. Ginny give she a I - tell - you - so when another door open and ron weasley look down . ron Harry ? do someone say Harry ? ginny I , nosy . be he up there with you ? ron ' course not . think I have know if my best friend be in my room , would not I ? another door open : hermione , in a robe , toothbrush in hand . hermione be that a owl I hear ? ( continued ) 22 23 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 ginny Harry 's . have not see he , have you ? apparently , he 's wander about the house . hermione really ? harry ( 0.s. ) really . Ginny spin . Harry . stand in the doorway of the kitchen . ron / hermione /mr . weasley Harry ! as the other rocket downstairs , Ginny give Harry a great grin hug . there be something oddly charge in the moment , a surprise to both of they . the other arrive . more hug . mrs . weasley but why do not you tell we you be come ? harry do not know . ( a shrug ) dumbledore . mrs . weasley that man . but then , what would we do without he ? ron ! ron be about to touch hermione . she retract she neck . ron you have a bit of ... he gesture to the stray lace of toothpaste on hermione 's chin . quickly she wipe it off , give he a odd look . ext . the burrow - attic - night ( later ) 23 the Daily Prophet tumble within a makeshift campfire of blue flame , but magically do not disintegrate . Harry tease the fire with the tip of he wand , where the chosen one ? mingle with draco 's haunt face in the flame . harry when have you get here ? ( continued ) 23 24 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 18 . continued : 23 hermione a few day ago . though ... for a bit , I be not sure I be come . Harry look up , see she glance at ron . ron mum sort of lose it last week . Said Ginny and I have no business go back to hogwart . that it 's too dangerous . harry oh come on ... hermione she 's not alone . even my parent -- and they be muggles -- know something bad be happen . ron anyway , dad step in , tell she she be be barmy . take a day or two , but she come round . harry but we be talk about hogwart . dumbledore . what could be safer ? hermione and ron exchange another glance . hermione there 's be a lot of chatter lately . that he 's get ... old . harry rubbish . he 's only -- what ? ron a hundred and fifty . give or take a few year . silence . nod . then the three break out laugh . grow quiet again . Harry take another poke at the Prophet . draco 's haunt face appear briefly , then be go . int . weasley's wizard wheeze ( diagon alley ) - close on a 24 shopping bag - day bear weasley 's wizard wheeze clutch in the hand of a boy be pull by he mother through the throng pack sardine - tight in the store . ( continued ) 24 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 19 . continued : 24 it 's utter madness : ever - bash boomerangs whip through the air , Dr. filibuster 's fabulous wet - start no- heat firework spit spark , and nose -bit teacups bare tiny porcelain tooth . fred & GEORGE weasley , in scream magenta , stand upon a counter , sell to the mass : fred / GEORGE step up ! step up ! GEORGE we have get faint Fancy ... fred nosebleed nougat ... GEORGE and just in time for school ... fred puke pastilles ! a boy stop chew , turn pale GREEN -- literally . fred / GEORGE into the cauldron , handsome . together , with the tip of they toe , Fred and George launch a slosh cauldron down the counter , drop down on either side of Harry , begin to steer he through the store . fred what have you think , Harry ? harry amazing . GEORGE ( to a browsing boy ) pocket that and you 'il pay in more than galleon , my friend . fred / GEORGE we have get eye in the back of we head . the boy , work a scream yo - yo , blanch as Fred and George turn , reveal they do in fact have eye in the back of there head -- phony , but unnerve . as the eye wink , the tiny boy bolt . GEORGE bloody urchin . Harry eye a display of orange and black lump . ( continued ) 24 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 19a . continued : George dro ; Ginny and Love potio : ( 2 ) 24 harry peruvian instant darkness powder ? fred a real money spinner that . fred handy if you need to make a quick escape . hello , lady ! ps one of the lump in Harry 's hand , turn to hermione , who peruse a display of '' wonder witch ns . '' GEORGE yes , they do really work . fred then again , the way we hear it , sis , you be do just fine on you own . ginny meaning ? fred be you not currently dating Dean Thomas ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 20 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 Harry pretend to consider a rack of '' ten -second pimple vanisher , '' but secretly eavesdrop . ginny none of you business . hermione this be adorable . Inside a cage , small round ball of fluff roll about , squeak . fred be not they now . pygmy puff . can not breed they fast enough . just then a huge boy ( cormac mclaggen ) pass behind hermione and , with he eye , take the full measure of she . notice , she turn , receive a faint smile as he move on . ron how much for this ? a tiny wooden man ascend a tiny gallow and ... drop . George ride a roll ladder into frame , drop next to Fred . fred / GEORGE five galleon . ron how much for I ? fred / GEORGE five galleon . ron but I be you brother ! fred / GEORGE ten galleon . ron c’mon . let 's go . the trio head for the door , pass lavender brown , who smile flirtatiously at a oblivious ron . lavender brown hi , ron . ron 25 26 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 21. ext . diagon alley - late afternoon ( moment later ) 25 the sun fade over a iron archway -- welcome to diagon alley ! -- as Harry , ron and hermione pass beneath . all around they , shop sit silent , window boarded - up or shatter . people scurry by , avoid the scary face of the witch and wizard who peer out from the security poster plaster to every lamp post . bellatrix be there : '' known death eater , '' and greyback : '' werewolf . '' and lucius malfoy : '' caught . '' hermione how be it Fred and George be do it ? half the alley 's close down . ron Fred reckon people need a laugh this day . harry reckon he 's right ... Harry eye the poster of bellatrix , she mock half - smile . hermione oh no . look . Harry and ron follow she gaze to the wreck that be ollivander 's wand shop . hermione but everyone get they wand from ollivander . young. Old ... harry good . bad. speak of which ... across the avenue , draco malfoy and narcissa pause , glance around , then slip quickly down a alley . ron be it just I ? or do draco and mummy look like two people who do not want to be follow ? ext . various street - diagon alley - late afternoon 26 the trio trail draco and narcissa , who navigate this dark street with ease . hermione , lag a bit , glance up at the darken sky . when she look back , she see ron and Harry far ahead . they turn a shadowy corner , vanish . ( continued ) 26 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 22 . continued : 26 new angle - shop front - moment later Harry and ron duck inside a shop front . at the end of the alley , a single shop glimmer dully : borgin & burk . narcissa and draco enter , greet a stooped man ( borgin ) . he point . draco walk to a lacquered cabinet , play he finger over its glassy surface . narcissa speak and draco turn , find borgin hold the curtain to the back room aside . draco hesitates , then follow he mother through . ron what be they play at ? harry dunno . let 's get closer . ron ( a nod ; stop ) hey . where 's hermione ? new angle - another alley - dusk hermione move through the shadow , alone , peer down side street , each darker than the next , lose , but hold it together , when ... a shadow flicker overhead . she look up , see a figure ( greyback ) leap from one roof to another . she stand perfectly still , then ... hear voice . new angle - other alley - dusk Harry and ron race down one passage then another . stop . ron Harry , where be she ? harry I do not know . I be turn around . new angle - borgin & burke - back courtyard - dusk hermione creep to the end of a narrow passage , toward the voice , and find herself ... behind borgin & burk . figure encircle a old cauldron , among they greyback , bellatrix , narcissa , and in the very center ... draco . hermione squint against the brilliance of the FIRE , the figure twist like giacomettis . draco extend he leave arm ... when a shadow fall over hermione , finger find she arm . she wheel , terrify . ( continued ) 26 27 28 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 ron . hermione bloody hell . ron sorry . just then , the cauldron explode with light . instantly , the group , include draco , disperse . harry what just happen ? hermione I do not know . Harry stare at the smoke drift from the cauldron . a SOUND rise , grow more powerful and the roar of a ... ext . hogwart express - moving - late afternoon 27 ... train overtake we , the scarlet stack of the hogwart Express churn furiously towards the horizon . luna quibbler ...? quibbler ...? int . hogwart express - aisle - same time - late afternoon28 luna lovegood move down the aisle wear a pair of red and blue cardboard glass ( spectrespecs ) identical to the one model by a witch on the cover of the current issue of the quibbler , a stack of which luna clutches to she chest . luna there 's a article on wrackspurt this month . quibbler ...? the loitering student ignore she , include dean thomas , currently whispering to Ginny , who smile mildly , more interested in the purple pygmy puff perch on she shoulder . luna he 's lovely . they have be know to sing on box Day , you know . quibbler ? ginny please . what 's a wrackspurt ? ( continued ) 28 29 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 24 . continued : 28 luna they be invisible creature that float in through you ear and make you brain go fuzzy . ( move off ) quibbler ? quibbler ? int . compartment - same time - dusk 29 Harry , ron and hermione sit together . hermione have a book entitle Advance rune translation open on she lap , while ron let Harry 's invisibility cloak play through he finger . harry do not you see , it be a ceremony . a initiation . hermione stop , Harry , I know where you be go with this -- harry it 's happen . he 's one of they . ron one of what ? hermione Harry be under the impression that draco malfoy be now a death eater . ron you be bark . what would you - know - who want with a sod like malfoy ? harry so what 's he do in borgin and burke 's ? browsing for furniture ? ron it 's a creepy shop . he 's a creepy bloke . harry look . his father 's a death eater . it only make sense . besides , hermione see it . with she own eye . hermione I tell you . I do not know what I see . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 25 . continued : 29 Harry rise , snatch the cloak from ron 's hand . harry I need some air . int . hogwart express - aisle - dusk ( moment later ) 30 a blood -re sun shimmer through the window , stain the interior a deep scarlet . student read , play card . in one compartment , crabbe and goyle slumber sloppily . as Harry enter , the accordion door to the next car squall open and a pair of twin girl emerge . he watch they when a voice cause he to turn back . as the accordion door slowly close , he spy malfoy sit with pansy parkinson and a boy with the cheekbone of a sphinx ( blaise zabini ) . Harry study malfoy when a boy push through the accordion door . as they begin to close , slowly , Harry reach into he pocket and remove the orange and black lump Fred give he in diagon alley . he eye malfoy , eye the close door and -- impulsively -- pitch the lump into the air . it soar through the narrowing crease of the door and -- just as malfoy glance he way -- just as it reach the apex of its flight -- poof ! -- explode softly , raining dark powder . ext . hogwart express - moving - same time - dusk 31 one train car -- and only one -- go dark : int . hogwart express - aisle / compartment - same time - dusb chaos . panicked voice . then , like a thinning mist , the darkness eerily recede , the red light of dusk return and malfoy be reveal , stand in the doorway of the car . as he look on warily , student return to they seat . across the way , crabbe & goyle continue to slumber . malfoy what just happen ? blaise ? blaise ( tense himself ) do not know . just then , a SMALL bag teeters ... then tumble from a luggage rack . malfoy wheel , eye the bag . ( continued ) 32 33 34 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 26 . continued : 32 pansy relax , boy . the light go out be all . come , draco . we 'il be at hogwart before you know it . she pat the seat . draco eye the bag , sling it back onto the luggage rack and plop down . pansy stroke he hair . malfoy hogwart . what a pathetic excuse for a school . I think I have pitch myself off the astronomy Tower if I think I have to continue on for another two year . pansy , gently twist one of draco 's lock , stop . pansy what 's that suppose to mean ? malfoy let 's just say I do not think you will be see I waste my time in charm class next year . confused , pansy glance at blaise , who snort derisively . malfoy amuse , blaise ? we will see just who 's laugh in the end . blaise shake he head , smile as he look out the window at the darkness . just then the small bag in the upper rack shift . malfoy 's eye play over it . ext . station - dusk / evening 33 the hogwart Express steam into the station . int . hogwart express - aisle - same time - dusk / evening 34 ron and hermione step into the crowded aisle . hermione where 's Harry ? ron probably on the platform . c’mon . 35 36 37 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 27 . int . compartment - dusk / evening 35 as blaise and pansy make to exit , malfoy take down the small bag , grip the handle thoughtfully . malfoy you two go on . I want to check something . malfoy slide shut the door . lets the blind down . a beat . malfoy do not mummy ever tell you it 's bad manners to eavesdrop , Potter ? petrificus totalus ! malfoy wheel , point he wand at the luggage rack . something hit the floor with a thump . the invisibility cloak slip away and reveal Harry , paralyze on the floor . malfoy grin . malfoy oh , right , she be dead before you could wipe the drool off you chin . malfoy bring he boot down hard on Harry 's face . SNAP ! blood squirt from Harry 's nose . malfoy snatch up the invisibility cloak , pitch it over Harry . malfoy enjoy the ride back to London . ext . station - evening ( moment later ) 36 malfoy step off , pull he cloak tight and disappear into the night . softly , a SOUND rise , of a girl lightly humming and we -- CUT to : int . hogwart express - aisle - evening 37 +... strange moving Pov - half red / half blue luna lovegood wander down the aisle humming , red and blue spectrespecs wobble on the bridge of she nose . up ahead one compartment 's blind be shut . luna stop humming . cock she head curiously . as she do , the light from a overhead lantern kick off the cheap plastic lense of she glass and , for the briefest of second , a fluttering cloud appear . ( continued ) 37 38 39 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 28 . continued : 37 of tiny insect . or pixie dust . or a trick of the light . int . compartment - same time - evening 38 luna 's silhouette swell over the blind , then the door open . she calmly draw she wand and send forth a blast of red light . the invisibility cloak slither from Harry 's body . luna hello , Harry . harry luna . how would you ...? luna wrackspurt . you head 's full of they . ext . hogwart castle - front step - night ( later ) 39 the castle glitter . Harry , face blood - spatter , nose slightly off-center , approach with luna . harry sorry I make you miss the carriage , luna . luna it 's alright . I enjoy we walk . it be like be with a friend . harry I be you friend , luna . luna that 's nice . just then professor flitwick rush forth clutching a long roll of parchment bear all student 's name . flitwick about time ! I have be look all over for you two . name . harry Professor flitwick , you have know I for five year . flitwick no exception , Potter . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 29 . 39 continued : 39 luna who be that people ? Harry turn , see luna stare into the darkness , where shadow drift eerily , like ghost . flitwick auror . for security . malfoy ( 0.s. ) it 's a not a cane , you cretin . it 's a walk stick . Harry and luna turn . draco stand amidst a mountain of trunk and owl cage , watch filch pass a long security detector over a walking stick . filch and what exactly would you be want with a walk stick ? snape it be he father 's . snape separate from the shadow . draco eye he warily , then snatch the stick from filch . malfoy be my father 's . he 's not dead . snape watch malfoy carefully wrap the stick in feel , lay it back inside he trunk . snape it 's alright , Mr. filch . I can vouch for Mr. malfoy . draco eye snape warily again , then begin to slouch off , catch Harry look . malfoy Nice face , Potter . Harry put a hand to he nose , watch malfoy disappear into the darkness , trail by snape . luna would you like I to fix it ? personally I think you look a bit more devil- may - care this way . but it 's up to you . harry have you ever fix one ? a nose . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 29a . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 luna no . but I have do several toe and how different be they really ? this do not fill Harry with confidence . nevertheless ... harry what the hell . give it a go . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 30 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 luna episkey . luna poise she wand over Harry 's nose and ... give it a tap . it vibrate wildly and then ... snap into place . harry well ? how do I look ? luna exceptionally ordinary . harry brilliant . 40 int . great hall - night ( moment later ) 40 hermione crane she neck , look for Harry , while ron stuff he face with pudding , mumbling , mouth full : ron Don 's you worry . he will be ' long soon ' nuff -- hermione ( whack he ) will . you. stop. eat ! you best friend be miss ! ron oi ! turn around , you lunatic . hermione spin , see Harry and luna approach . in the light of the hall , Harry 's blood - spatter face be quite the sight . ginny he 's cover in blood again . why be it he 's always cover in blood ? ron look like he own this time . hermione ( as he arrive ) where have you be , Harry ? and what happen to you face ? harry later . what have I miss ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 31. 40 continued : 40 ron ( shrugging ; still eat ) sort hat urge we all to be brave and strong in this troubled time -- easy for it to say -- it 's a hat , be not it ? first year seem to enjoy it , though . wanker . filch give you the wand outside ? Harry nod . Ginny , damp napkin in hand , begin to dab he face , then feel suddenly awkward . Harry take it from she . harry thanks ... just then , the light in the Hall begin to gently dim and all eye turn to dumbledore , stand at the top of the Hall , ashen hand raise to the enchant ceiling , where cloud respond to he gesture and shroud a gleam full moon . hermione what 's happen to he hand ? dumbledore the very best of evening to you ! first off , please join I in welcoming the newest member of we staff , Horace slughorn . mild applause ensue . Harry clap perfunctorily , he eye drift to the entrance of the Hall as a pair of auror station themselves just outside . dumbledore Professor slughorn , I be happy to say , have agree to resume he old post of potion master . meanwhile the post of Defense against the Dark Arts will be assume by Professor snape . this be greet by stunne silence . dumbledore frown , then attempt to generate something by clapping he hand once . a few slytherin join in and some dim -witted first year . dumbledore now , as you know , each and every one of you be searched upon you arrival tonight . you have a right to know why . ( more ) ( continued ) 40 4l harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 32. continued : ( 2 ) 40 dumbledore ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) once there be a young man who , like you , sit in this very Hall . walk this castle 's corridor . slept beneath its roof . he seem , to all the world , a student like any other . his name ? Tom riddle . the Hall go utterly silent . dumbledore today , of course , the world know he by another name . which be why , as I stand look out upon you all tonight , I be remind of a sober fact . each day , every hour , this very minute perhaps , dark force attempt to penetrate this castle . but in the end , they great weapon remain ... you . Harry eye malfoy , slouched low , lazily levitate a fork with he wand , as if dumbledore be unworthy of attention . dumbledore just something to keep in mind . now , off to bed . pip pip ! ron ( as they rise ) that be cheerful . int . corridor - morning 41 a teeming Mass of student fight they way to class on first day of term . amidst it all , mcgonagall stand tall and stern . the twin pass by , bear identical look of consternation . professor mcgonagall History of Magic be up , lady , not down . Mr. Davies -- that 's the girl 's toilet ... mcgonagall 's eye shift , find Harry and ron sit upon a ledge , clearly derive immense pleasure from the chaos . professor mcgonagall Potter ! ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 33 . 4l continued : 41 Harry 's smile droops . mcgonagall beckon with a finger . harry this can not be good . ron grin as Harry make he way '' upstream '' to mcgonagall . professor mcgonagall enjoy ourself , be we ? harry well , you see , I have get a open period this morning , Professor -- professor mcgonagall so I notice . I would think you have want to fill it with potion . or be it no longer you ambition to become a auror ? harry it be . or be . but I be tell I have to get a outstanding in my o.w.l . -- professor mcgonagall and so you do when Professor snape be teach potion . however , Professor slughorn be perfectly happy to accept n.e.w.t. student with ' exceed expectation . 's harry really ? well ... brilliant . I / x11 head there straight away . professor mcgonagall good . and take weasley with you . he look far too happy over there . 42 int . corridor / slughorna classroom - morning ( moment 42 later ) ron trail Harry toward a open door . ron but I do not want to take potion ! harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 34 . 43 int . slughorn 's classroom —- continuous action - morning 43 as Harry drag ron inside , the other student turn in unison . hermione frown . lavender , see ron , beam . slughorn Harry m’boy ! I be beginning to worry ! and I see we have bring someone with we ... ron ron weasley , sir . but I be dead awful at potion , a menace actually , so I probably should just be go -- slughorn nonsense , we will sort you out . any friend of Harry 's be a friend of mine . right then , book out -- harry um , sorry , sir , but I have not get my book yet -- nor 's ron . you see -- ( until this morning ... ) slughorn not to worry . you can get what you need from the cupboard . as Harry and ron step to the cupboard , slughorn resume , gesture to the cauldron bubbling before he . slughorn now , as I be say , I have prepare a few concoction this morning . any idea what this might be ? yes , miss ...? hermione Granger , sir . that one there be veritaserum . and that would be polyjuice potion . and that ... in the cupboard , Harry and ron find two textbooks -- one new , one shabby and soile . both snatch for the new when a box -- mark '' beioar '' -- tip . as Harry make a grab for it , ron wrest free the new textbook and go off grin . hermione ... be amortentia ! the most powerful love potion in the world . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 35 . continued : 43 hermione ( cont 'd ) it 's rumor to smell differently to each person , accord to what attract they . for example , I smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and spearmint toothpaste -- hermione blushes , stop herself . slughorn regards she . slughorn one of my best friend be Muggle - bear . she 's the best in we year ... Harry , settling into he seat with the soile textbook , look up just as slughorn 's eye shift to he for confirmation . as Harry nod , hermione glance curiously at he . slughorn now amortentia do not create actual love , of course . that 's impossible . but it do cause a powerful infatuation or obsession . for that reason , it be probably the most dangerous potion in this room . slughorn turn , find a sea of dreamy face lean into the vapor . instantly , he clang a cover onto the cauldron , bring they round . as ron blink , he find lavender still stare dreamily -- at he . notice , hermione 's eye narrow . katie bell Sir , you have not tell we what 's in that one . slughorn ah yes ... slughorn step to a SMALL black cauldron . begins to ladle a bit of golden liquid into a tiny vial . slughorn what you see before you , lady and gentleman , be a curious little potion know as Felix felicis . but it be more commonly refer to as -- hermione liquid luck . a buzz run through the class . even malfoy perk up . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 36 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) 43 slughorn yes , miss Granger . desperately tricky to make . disastrous should you get it wrong . but brew correctly , as this have be , it have remarkable power . one sip and you will find that all you endeavor succeed ... at least until the effect wear off . katie bell but then why do not people drink it all the time ? slughorn because take in excess it cause giddiness , recklessness and dangerous overconfidence . blaise have you ever take it , sir ? slughorn twice . once when I be twenty - four . once when I be fifty - seven . two tablespoon take at breakfast . two perfect day ... slughorn eye the vial dreamily , adrift . finally he blink . slughorn so . this be what I offer each of you today . one tiny vial of liquid luck ... to the student who , in the hour that remain , manage to brew a acceptable draught of live death , the recipe for which can be find on page ten of you textbook . excitement seize the class . slughorn smile knowingly . slughorn you should know that in all the year of my previous tenure at hogwart , not once do a student brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this prize . in any event -- good luck . slughorn set the vial upon he desk , where it shimmer in a shaft of sunlight . Harry open he book . frown . the margins of the page before he be black with the tight scribblings of a previous owner . ( continued ) 43 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 37 . continued : ( 3 ) 43 the same creepy graffiti fill the next page as well , on and on throughout the book . shake he head , Harry run he finger under the first printed instruction : '' cut up one sopophorous bean . '' Harry take the silver dagger upon he desk , poise it over the bean when ... ron 's bean shoot across the room and bounce off Katie Bell 's head . Harry survey the rest of the room : everyone be struggle to cut the resistant legume . he glance back to he book , consider the instruction again . as arrow have be draw from the word '' cut '' to the margin , where a modification have be write in the tight scrawl : '' crush with blade -- release juice better . '' Harry consider the dagger in he hand , then place the flat of the blade against the bean and press . instantly , the protective parchment cover the desk run red with juice . hermione how do you do that ? harry crush it . do not cut it . hermione no . the instruction specifically say to cut . harry no. really -- hermione sh ! Harry shrug , lift the parchment and tip the juice into he cauldron . it hiss , then turn lilac . Harry grin . camera begins slow dolly toward the vial of Felix felicis and ... montage begins student struggle . a cauldron overflow . lavender eye ron. camera creep toward vial . the sunlight shift . hermione grow more and more frustrated . her hair grow bushier in the steam rise from she cauldron ... ( continued ) 43 44 45 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 38 . continued : ( 4 ) 43 Harry 's finger trace under the official instruction ... then drift to the spidery scrawl in the margin ... malfoy cut himself , curse ... camera creep closer to vial . sunlight shift again . Harry , cool as a cucumber , add one last ingredient , step back , do ... hermione , hair like medea now , glower at he ... the light shift one last time . the vial glimmer like gold . montage end . another angle slughorn wend he way amongst the cauldron , nodd with sympathy at the fiascos before he . then ... he stop , stare in disbelief at the pearly sheen of one bubbling potion . slughorn merlin 's beard ! but it 's perfect . so perfect I daresay one sip would kill we all ! you mother be a dab hand at potion , but this ... my , my , what can not you do , m’boy ? perhaps you will save we all in the end ... all eye turn to Harry . his smile falter . slughorn here you be then , as promise . one bottle of Felix felicis . use it well . slowly , Harry reach out ... take the glitter vial . ext . castle - night 44 the Castle be dark , but for one window . int . dumbledore 's office - same time - night 45 dumbledore sit alone at he desk , the deep line of he face illuminate by the shimmer pensieve . two object of note be before he . one be a black - stoned ring . the other be tom riddleas diary . ( continued ) 45 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 39 . continued : 45 he briefly balance the ring upon the tip of a ashen finger , then turn a page of the batter diary . his face be troubled . a knock . he take the ring and diary , slip they inside a drawer . the door swing open , reveal Harry . dumbledore good evening , Harry . you get my message , I see . come , come . sit. Harry step forward , eye the pensieve curiously . sit . dumbledore so. how be you ? harry Fine , sir . dumbledore enjoy you class ? Professor slughorn , for one , be most impressed with you . harry I think he overestimate my ability , sir . dumbledore do you ? harry definitely . dumbledore smile affectionately , nod . dumbledore and what of you activity outside the classroom ? do they bring you satisfaction ? harry Sir ? dumbledore I notice you spend a great deal of time with miss Granger . one can not help but wonder if -- harry no ! I mean ... she 's brilliant . and we be friend . but ... no . dumbledore forgive I , Harry , I ... ( continued ) 45 46 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 dumbledore smile faintly , shake he head . dumbledore «+. I be merely curious . ( rise ) in any event , I be sure you be wonder why I have summon you here tonight . the answer lie here . dumbledore swing open a cabinet where dozen upon dozen of glittering vial stand like tiny glimmer soldier . dumbledore what you see before you be memory . in this case pertain to one individual : voldemort . or as he be know then ... Tom riddle . dumbledore reach down with he damage hand and remove a stoppere vial , dusty and vein with age . dumbledore this vial contain a most particular memory -- of the day I first meet he . I would like you to see it . if you would ... dumbledore extend he ashen hand and Harry rise , gingerly take the vial and remove the cork . he tip the content into the pensieve . dumbledore nod and Harry lean into the iridescent liquid , he face break the surface ... flashback - ext . STREET ( london ) - day ( year past ) 46 a horse - draw milk cart rattles across a rain - swept London street and a young dumbledore appear in a plum velvet suit . we track he down the street ( and see he eye a lovely lass appreciatively ) until he reach a grim build surround by iron gate . as dumbledore pass through , camera rise : wool 's S orphanage the image shudder and we -- CUT to : 47 48 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 4l. int . orphanage - corridor - pensieve - day 47 a skinny , sharp - feature woman , mrs . cole , lead dumbledore down a drab corridor . child 's voice carry from a unseen courtyard , splash and shriek , in the midst of some game . mrs . cole I must confess to a bit of confusion upon receive you letter , Mr. dumbledore . in all the year Tom 's be here , he 's never once have a family visitor . frankly , I be stunne to find that someone know of he existence . dumbledore I be not family . but he name have be know to I since birth . mrs . cole I see ... but she do not really . she stop , frown . mrs . cole I think I should tell you . he 's a funny boy -- tom. odd . there have be incident with the other child . nasty thing . dumbledore perhaps you could give I a example . Mrs . Cole start to speak , then shake she head , move off . as dumbledore make to follow , he eye happen upon a framed photograph on the wall , old and yellowing , depict a seaside scene of a sharp rock outcropping and a cave . as he exit , we hold on it . new angle - corridor outside tom riddle 's room Mrs. Cole 's hand appear . knock . she turn the knob . int . orphanage - riddle 's room - pensieve - day 48 a small room , grim and shadowy . tom riddle , 11 year old , sit atop a bed , hand in lap . the wall crawl with reflected rain , ooze like oil down a grimy window . ( continued ) * harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 41a. 48 continued : 48 mrs . cole you have get a visitor , Tom . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 dumbledore step forward , extend he hand . dumbledore how do you do , Tom . riddle eye dumbledore briefly , look away . mrs . cole well , I 'il leave you two to yourselves . Mrs . Cole exit , close the door . dumbledore study riddle , then begin to tour the room . carefully place upon a low shelf be some odd souvenirs . a grouping of seven stone ... a book contain seven match . seven brass keys ... move on , dumbledore pass a tall cabinet , trace he finger over its surface , as if the wood 's grain be braille , as if somehow '' see '' what lie within . then dumbledore pause . strewn on a small table be a grouping of seven dark drawing . a boy and girl , they face anguish . a sea-swept cave . the same cave from the photograph . dumbledore begin to reach out ... tom riddle do not . dumbledore stop , turn . find riddle 's level gaze on he . dumbledore as you wish . riddle look away and dumbledore , for the first time , notice he hand . they be splay , utterly still , and interlaced with a silky web , where a spider knit back and forth . tom riddle you be the doctor , be not you ? dumbledore no. I ama Professor . tom riddle I do not believe you . I hear Mrs. Cole talk , she and the rest of the staff . they want I look at . they think I be different . dumbledore perhaps they be right . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 43. 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 tom riddle I be not mad . dumbledore hogwart be not a place for mad people . riddle look up , cock he head ever- so-slightly . dumbledore it 's a school . a school of ... magic . riddle stay look , but say nothing . dumbledore you can do thing , can not you , Tom ? thing the other child can not . riddle eye dumbledore intensely , unblink . tom riddle yes. dumbledore tell I some of the thing you can do , Tom . tom riddle ( watch the spider ) I can make thing move -- without touch they . I can make animal do what I want without training they . I can make bad thing happen to people who be mean to I . I can make they hurt ... if I want . dumbledore study riddle -- then the boy look up . tom riddle who be you ? dumbledore I be like you , tom. different . riddle close he hand and the web collapse . tom riddle prove it . it be not a request . without break he gaze , dumbledore 's eye narrow ever- so-slightly and ... the wardrobe burst into flame . riddle wheel . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 43a. 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 slowly smile . dumbledore study he . abruptly , the wardrobe begin to shake . riddle 's smile fade . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 44 , 48 continued : ( 5 ) 48 dumbledore I think there be something try to get out of you wardrobe , tom. open it . open . it . terrify , riddle step to the burn wardrobe and throw open the door . on the topmost shelf , above a rail of threadbare clothes , a SMALL BOX shake violently . dumbledore take it out . as riddle 's finger touch the box , the flame engulf the wardrobe vanish , but the box continue to shake -- the only sound in the now-silent room . dumbledore be there anything in that box you ought not to have ? riddle eye dumbledore , a trifle fearfully this time . he spill the box onto the bed : a yo - yo , a silver thimble , and a tarnish mouth organ . dumbledore why do you want this thing , Tom ? tom riddle ( look off ) I like have thing that belong to other people . it make I feel + + + close to they . dumbledore study riddle 's profile , ponder this . dumbledore thievery be not tolerate at hogwart . at hogwart , you will be teach not only how to use magic , but to control it . understood ? ( as riddle nod ) I all be go now , Tom . leave you window open tonight . a owl will bring you a message . read it carefully . dumbledore start to exit , when : tom riddle I can speak to snake too . dumbledore stop and we be on he face , he back to riddle . ( continued ) 48 49 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 45 . continued : ( 6 ) 48 tom riddle they find I . whisper thing . be that normal . for someone like I ? dumbledore it be unusual . but not unheard of . dumbledore exit then , without a backward glance , leave 11 - year - old Tom riddle alone . the image shudder and ... int . dumbledore 's office - night ( present ) 49 ... Harry and dumbledore reappear . the room have grow dim in they absence . dumbledore gesture . lamp blaze to life . harry do you know , sir ? then ? dumbledore do I know that I have just meet the most dangerous Dark wizard of all time ? no. have I ... dumbledore falter , he expression troubled . Harry look up from the pensieve , where young Tom riddle 's fragment face float on the surface , eye dumbledore . dumbledore over time , while here at hogwart , Tom riddle grow close to one particular teacher . can you guess which teacher that might be ? harry you do not bring Professor slughorn back simply to teach potion , do you , sir ? dumbledore no . I do not . you see , Professor slughorn possess something I desire very dearly . and he will not part with it easily ... ( eyeing Harry knowingly ) I have rather not divulge any more just yet , Harry . but I promise . in time you will know everything . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 46 . 49 continued : 49 harry you say Professor slughorn would try to collect I . dumbledore I do . harry do you want I to let he ? dumbledore trail he ashen finger in the surface of the pensieve , vanquish young Tom riddle 's face . dumbledore yes. 50 ext . quidditch pitch - morning 50 Harry try -- with little success -- to get the attention of the throng of aspire Quidditch player assemble on the pitch . harry all right ! queue up ! Excuse I ... ginny shut it ! instant silence . Harry frown , nod to Ginny nevertheless . harry thanks . all right . this morning I nil be put you all through a few drill to assess you strength . but know this : just because you make the team last year do not guarantee you a spot this year . be that clear ? ron look unnerve at this , sweat so much he 's attract a pesky fly . cormac mclaggen , the huge boy from weasley 's wizard wheeze , sidle up . cormac no hard feeling , weasley , alright ? ron hard feeling ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 47 . 50 continued : 50 cormac I all be go out for keeper as well . nothing personal . ron really ? strap guy like you , you have get a beater 's build , do not you think ? keeper need to be agile , quick -- cormac nab the fly between two finger , kill the buzz . cormac I like my chance . say ... think you could introduce I to you friend Granger ? would not mind get on a first name basis , know what I mean ? cormac give a lewd wink , saunter off . ron glance up to the stand . hermione smile , wave . begin montage Ginny fly swiftly , handle the quaffle with ease . two second year collide in mid-air . cormac make a brilliant save . ron make a shaky save . hermione look on , nervous for he . Katie Bell snatch a quaffle with one hand , split two defender beautifully and make a slick blind pass to Dean who jet high in the air , then let the quaffle roll off he finger ... right into Ginny 's hand as she race below . seamus send a bludger rocketing into the stand , scatter a group of onlooker , leave only neville , who sidle delicately to the right as the other leg it . two third year collide in mid-air . cormac make a brilliant save . ron turn the wrong way but make the save anyway as the quaffle carom off the tail of he broom . hermione look on more nervously . ( continued ) 50 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 ata . continued : ( 2 ) 50 demelza robins , bent low over she stick , pin the quaffle under she chin , split two Bludgers and a pair of beater . ( continued ) 50 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 48 . continued : ( 3 ) 50 two FOURTH year collide in mid-air . two aspire beater '' whiff '' on a pair of Bludgers , whack each other instead and plummet to the pitch as the Bludgers ricochet off one another and go fly into the stand , scatter onlooker yet again and leave , as before , only neville . this time , he sidle delicately to the leave . cormac make a brilliant save . the quaffle bounce off ron 's head . hermione look on extremely nervously . two fifth year collide in mid-air . end montage . another angle the survivor press ice pack to they head , run tape round twisted finger . only ron , hover at the west goal , and cormac , hover at the east , remain on the pitch . luna , spectrespecs in place , eye cormac -- cool , confident , clear . then eye ron -- sweaty , nervous , swarming in wrackspurt . harry all right . cormac . ron . it 's down to you two for keeper . we will decide it with a shootout . demelza , you 's 1ll bring the quaffle up against cormac . Ginny , you will take on ron . cormac hang on . she 's he sister . how do I know she will not toss he a floater ? ginny piss off , cormac . how ' bout I toss you a floater ? harry quiet ! I be Captain . we do it my way . now line up . on three . one. two ... Three ! demelza and Ginny rocket forth . ron weave nervously while cormac hover in place , a confident sneer on he face . ( continued ) 50 51 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 49 . continued : ( 4 ) 50 harry ( under he breath ) C ’mon , ron ... demelza hunker over she broom once again , fly like a arrow , then go into a wide , sweeping slide . Ginny blast over the pitch , ginger hair stream like flame , then roll recklessly to the side . as one , they both let fly ... hermione , face bury in she finger , mutter something . cormac , at the last moment , inexplicably roll he broom to the right and the quaffle sail over he shoulder . ron , zig - zag crazily , nearly fall off , rights himself in a panic , and deflect Ginny 's quaffle ... with he forehead . as a few partisan cheer erupt from the stand , Harry grin , then have to restrain himself . hermione open she eye slowly . lavender brown be not he brilliant ? hermione stare balefully at lavender , then notice cormac eyeing he broom incredulously . she get up , slip away . int . common room - night 51 Harry scan he potion book . hermione peruse the Prophet . ron crack walnut , pitching the piece into the fire . ron have to admit , think I be go to miss that last one . hope cormac 's not take it too hard . behind she paper , hermione roll she eye . ron have a bit of a thing for you , hermione . cormac . hermione he 's vile . ron consider this , then glance across the room at lavender . harry ever hear of this spell ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 50 . 51 continued : 51 Harry point to a notation in the margin underline three time : '' sectumsempra . for enemy . '' hermione frown . hermione no I have not . and if you have a shred of self - respect you would turn that book in . ron not bloody likely . he 's top of the class . even better than you , hermione . slughorn think he 's a genius . hermione cast ron a wither glance . ron what ? hermione I have like to know just whose book that be . let 's take a look , shall we ? harry ( hold it out of reach ) no. hermione ( suspicious ) why not ? harry it 's ... old . the bind be fragile . hermione the bind be fragile ? she make another grab for it , but Harry hold it clear . then Ginny appear , pluck it out of he hand . ginny who 's the half -blood Prince ? hermione / ron the who ? ginny that 's what it say . right here . ' this Book be the property of the half -blood Prince . 's ( continued ) 51 52 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 Ginny point . written on the frontispiece be : '' this Book be the property of the half -blood Prince . '' ext . MAIN STREET ( hogsmeade village ) - day 52 student lean into a bitter wind , trudging through deep snow . hermione for week you carry around this book , practically sleep with it ... and you have no desire to find out who the half -blood Prince be ? harry I do not say I be not curious . and , by the way , I do not sleep with it . ron ( a sarcastic chortle ) yeah . right . ( as Harry glare ) well , it 's true . I like a nice chat before I go to bed . now you be always read that bloody book . it 's like be with hermione . this time it 's hermione 's turn to glare . hermione well , I be curious . so I go to -- harry / ron the library . harry and ? hermione and ... nothing . there 's no reference to the half -blood Prince anywhere . harry good . that settles it then . hermione start to object , when : hagrid hey , you three ! ( continued ) 52 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 52 . continued : 52 hagrid emerge out of the tree , beard crust in white , look like a craze Father Christmas . behind he , deep in the wood , dark silhouettes -- auror -- can be see . hermione eye they briefly , then nod to the pulsating burlap bag hagrid clutches in he fist . hermione what have you get there , hagrid ? hagrid tip open the bag . the trio grimace . hagrid chuckle . hagrid stinksap . burn the whisker right off yer chin . tree ' ere be drippin’ with it . hermione stinksap ? you be not sick , be you ? hagrid it 's not fer I . it 's fer aragog . yeh remember aragog , don 's yeh ? ron spider ? about six foot tall ? ten foot wide ? hagrid tha 's the one . he 's take ill . I be hopin’ ter nurse ' im back . keep yer finger cross . hagrid cross he finger . ron force a grin , do the same , shake he head as hagrid disappear back into the tree . ron barking . do he not remember that rave arachnid try to eat we ? what ? ron see hermione stare at the auror again . hermione the auror . I know they be here to protect we , but ... somehow I do not feel any safer . just then Harry spy slughorn , head down towards the Village , pass a weary flitwick come the other way . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 52a. 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 slughorn filius ! I be hope to find you at the Three broomstick . flitwick emergency choir practice , I be afraid , Horace . Harry watch slughorn continue on toward the Village . ( continued ) 52 53 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 53 . continued : ( 3 ) 52 harry who 's up for a butterbeer ? int . three broomstick - day ( later ) 53 as the trio enter , Harry glance round , locate slughorn at the bar , plant plumply on a stool . harry no . over here . hermione and ron , in the midst of seating themselves at a perfectly acceptable -- and clean -- table , see Harry seat himself at one strewn with the detritus of a previous customer -- but which put he in direct view of slughorn . they exchange a glance , shrug , join Harry . ron start to take the chair directly opposite Harry -- block he view . harry no , no . sit next to I . ron stop , exchange another glance with hermione . ron o-kay . a skinny kid in a apron appear , toss a filthy rag upon the table -- which begin to wipe the surface on its own . Harry crane he neck around the kid to keep slughorn in view . skinny kid what 'il we have ? hermione Three butterbeer . splash of ginger in mine , please . the kid whistle and the rag leap back into he pocket . Harry continue to eye slughorn , when he see draco . they lock eye briefly , then draco exit . ron aw , bloody hell ... Harry turn , see ron glower at Ginny , who sit ina dark corner with Dean , they face light by a gutter candle . hermione oh , honestly , Ronald . they be just hold hand ... ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 54 . 53 continued : 53 hermione ( cont 'd ) ( as Dean kiss Ginny ) and snogging . ron I have like to leave . hermione leave ? you can not be serious . ron that happen to be my sister . hermione so ? what if she look over here and see you snogging I ? would you expect she to get up and leave ? ron blink , utterly speechless . then : slughorn Harry , m'boy ! slughorn 's voice boom so loudly even Ginny jump -- and catch Harry look . as slughorn waddle over , slosh mug in hand , Harry rise immediately -- a action so grossly out of character that hermione regards he with amused curiosity . harry hello , sir . wonderful to see you . hermione , brow wrinkling , turn to ron , silently mouth : wonderful to see you ? harry so what bring you here , sir ? slughorn oh , the Three broomstick and I go way back . long than I have care to admit . in fact , I remember when it be simply one broomstick ! as slughorn guffaw , Harry join in , laughing heartily as well . slughorn 's belly tremble next to hermione 's cheek and he wave mug sloshes over , spattering the table . slughorn oops ! all hand on deck , Granger ! hermione smile thinly , when a whistle be hear and the filthy rag be back , whisk away slughorn 's mess as the skinny kid slide three foam mug onto the table . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 55 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 ( in the b.g. Katie Bell emerge from the back , start for the exit . her friend leanne follow she out . ) slughorn listen , m’boy . in the old day , I use to throw together the occasional supper and invite a select student or two . would you be game ? harry I have consider it a honor , sir . slughorn you would be welcome too , Granger . hermione , in the midst of empty she butterbeer in one long draw , slam down she mug -- leave behind a '' mustache . '' hermione be delighted , sir . slughorn brilliant . look for my owl . ( exite , to ron ) good to see you , wallenby . ron frown as slughorn waddle away , turn to Harry . ron what be you play at ? harry dumbledore ask I to ... get to know he . ron get to know he ? harry dunno . but it must be important . otherwise dumbledore would not ask . slam ! ron turn , see that hermione have emptied he mug as well . ron gesture to she upper lip . ron um ... you have get a little ... without a think , she flick she tongue up , wipe it clean . 54 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 56 . ext . road ( outside hogsmeade ) - day ( moment later ) 54 the snow fall heavily now . ron and Harry walk together , while hermione trail several yard behind , pirouetting happily , let snowflake fall on she tongue . ron bit worried about she . do you hear that rubbish she be talk back in the pub ? her and I snogging . ha. as if ... leanne ( 0.s. ) Katie . you do not know what it could be ! up ahead , Katie Bell and leanne stand in the drift snow , arguing . Katie hold a slender package . hermione come bump up , drape she arm over the boy . hermione what 's up ? at that very instant , Katie Bell rise six feet into the AIR . Hair dance violently in the wind , she face remain eerily placid . then she ... scream . Harry and ron dash forward , seize she ankle . at they touch , she fall to the snow , thrashing and shrieking , eye rolled up in she skull . leanne I warn she ! I warn she not to touch it ! hermione look . lying in the snow be the package , torn . ron Harry , she 's swallow she tongue -- hermione I will get someone -- harry there 's no time ! suddenly , a massive figure lurch out of the white : hagrid . hagrid get back ! all o’ yeh ! ( continued ) 54 55 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 57 . continued : 54 he say this so forcefully the other instantly obey . effortlessly , he scoops up Katie 's thrashing body and then , as if calming a terrify animal , press he face close to hers and whisper with great tenderness : hagrid now , now . now , now ... over and over he repeat this , soothingly , the word like a mantra , until Katie 's lid flutter and she body go limp . hagrid Don 's go touchin’ tha 's but by the wrappin' . unnerstan 's ? hagrid nod darkly to the package in the snow . Harry kneel . poke through the paper be a ornate opal necklace . take off he scarf he carefully enfold package and rise . then , along with the other , he watch hagrid lumber off , Katie cradle in he arm . in second they be swallow by the snow . the only sound be the roar of the wind . int . mcgonagall 's office - later ( late afternoon ) 55 the necklace lie green and glitter upon mcgonagall 's desk . professor mcgonagall you be sure Katie do not have this in she possession when she enter the Three broomstick , leanne ? leanne it 's like I say . she go to the loo and when she come back she have the package . she say it be important she deliver it . professor mcgonagall do she say to whom ? leanne shake she head . professor mcgonagall all right , leanne . you may go . ( as leanne exit ) why be it always you three ? hm ? when something happen ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 58 . 55 continued : 55 ron believe I , Professor , I have be ask myself the same question for six year . just then , snape appear at the door , eye the trio . professor mcgonagall severus . snape be this it ? mcgonagall nod . snape take he wand , lift the necklace like a dead snake . eye it with fascination . professor mcgonagall what do you think ? snape I think miss Bell be lucky to be alive . harry she be curse , be not she ? I know Katie . off the Quidditch pitch she would not hurt a fly . if she be bring that to someone , she be not do it knowingly . snape eye Harry levelly . professor mcgonagall yes . she be curse . harry it be malfoy . professor mcgonagall that 's a very serious accusation , Potter . snape indeed . you evidence ? harry I ... just ... know . snape you ... just ... know . once again you astonish with you gift , Potter , gift mere mortal could only dream of possess . how grand it must be to be the chosen one . ( continued ) 55 56 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 ron and hermione avert they eye uncomfortably . professor mcgonagall I suggest you return to you dormitory . all of you . int . boy 's dormitory ( gryffindor tower ) - night 56 Harry and ron lie awake in the darken dormitory . ron stare at the ceiling . Harry eye '' malfoy '' on the marauder 's map . ron what do you suppose Dean see in she ? Ginny . harry what do she see in he ? ron Dean ? he 's brilliant . harry you call he a slick git not five hour ago . ron yeah , well , he be run he hand all over my sister , be not he ? something snap . you have get to hate he . you know , on principle . harry ( troubled by this ) I suppose . ron so what be it ? he see in she ? harry I do not know . she 's smart . funny . attractive ... ron attractive ? harry you know . she 's ... get nice skin . ron skin ? you be say Dean 's dating my sister because of she skin ? ( continued ) 56 57 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 60 . continued : 56 harry well , no . I mean ... I be just say it could be a contribute factor . silence . then : ron hermione 's get nice skin . would not you say ? as skin go , I mean . harry I have never really think about it . but I suppose , yeah . very nice . another silence . suddenly it feel weird . harry I think I ’1ll be go to sleep now . ron right . Harry set the map aside . we hold . malfoy 's dot move down the 7th floor corridor ... and disappear . slughorn ( v.o. ) a toast ! int . slughorn 's office - night 57 slughorn stand at the head of a table , goblet raise to the student seat before he , which in addition to Harry and hermione include marcus belby , blaise Zabini , neville longbottom and the twins . a distinctive crystal hourglass sit in the center of the table . slughorn to hogwart 's best and brightest ! cormac here , here ! hermione exchange a wry glance with Harry , who notice that one setting be empty . the twin make -- and drink -- they toast in perfect unison . neville stare hopelessly at the vast array of fork , knife and spoon place beside he plate . neville which one do I use for the soup ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 61 . 57 continued : 57 hermione grin , look up , and get a wink from cormac . CUT to : same scene - later slughorn so tell I , cormac . see much of you uncle tiberius this day ? cormac yes , sir . in fact , I be mean to go hunt with he and the Minister for Magic over holiday . slughorn well , be sure to give they both my best . what about you uncle , belby ? work on anything new ? ( to the other ) for that of you who do not know , Marcus 's uncle invent the wolfsbane potion . as he speak , belby never once look up from he plate . marcus belby dunno . he and I dad do not get on . probably because dad think potion be rubbish . say the only potion worth have be a stiff one at the end of the -- ( day . ) slughorn and you , miss Granger ? what be it you family do in the Muggle world ? hermione my parent be dentist . they tend to people 's tooth . slughorn fascinating . and be that consider a dangerous profession ? hermione no. though , a boy name Robbie fenwick do bite my father once . need ten stitches . as slughorn nod , the door groans . everyone turn . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 57 continued : ( 2 ) slughorn miss weasley ! come in , come in . ginny sorry , I be not ordinarily late -- 61a . 57 she falter , eye red , uncharacteristically flustered . ( continued ) 57 58 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 62. continued : ( 3 ) 57 slughorn no matter . you 's 1ll be just in time for dessert . that be -- if belby leave you any . as Ginny move to she seat , hermione whisper to Harry . hermione look at she eye . they have be fight again . her and Dean . Harry nod , then stand as Ginny reach the table -- the only one . hermione notice , eye he with amusement as he sit . harry what ? hermione nothing . as hermione smile , she lightly stroke the crystal hourglass with a finger and we -- dissolve to : int . slughorn 's office - night ( later ) 58 ... later , the sand have run out with the evening . slughorn say he goodby . slughorn thank you , one and all , for a most stimulate evening . we 'il have to do it again . slughorn close the door , turn , send a floor lamp wobbling and , catch it , find Harry . slughorn oh. Potter . harry sorry , sir , I be just admire you hourglass . slughorn ah , yes . a most intrigue object . the sand run in accordance to the quality of the conversation . when it be stimulate , the sand run slow . when it be not ... ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 63 . 58 continued : 58 harry I think I 'il be go . slughorn nonsense . you have nothing to fear , m’boy . as for some of you classmate , well , let 's just say , they be unlikely to make the shelf . slughorn step to a makeshift bar , begin to construct a drink . harry the shelf , sir ? slughorn gesture to the photograph see earlier , now range like a menagerie atop a low bookcase . once again , lily Potter and regulus Black up front . slughorn anyone who aspire to be anyone hope to end up here . then again ... you be already someone be not you , Harry ? harry I do not really know how to answer that , sir . slughorn you mother be modest too . you father not so much . as you can see , he do not make the shelf . slughorn smile genially , turn back to he drink , use a pair of tong to drop ice into he glass . harry do voldemort ever make the shelf , sir ? slughorn stiffen , he back to Harry . his hand tremble and the ice slip from the tong . Harry notice . harry you know he , do not you , sir ? Tom riddle . you be he teacher . slughorn Mr. riddle have many teacher while here at hogwart . harry what be he like ? ( continued ) 58 59 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 Harry can see the vein in slughorn 's temple pulsate . fearing he may have overstep ... harry I be sorry , sir . forgive I . he kill my parent , you see ... Harry stop , frown . slughorn turn , study Harry . nod . slughorn of course . it 's only natural that you should want to know more . I be afraid I must disappoint you , Harry . when I first meet young Mr. riddle , he be simply a quiet , albeit brilliant , boy commit to become a first - rate wizard . not unlike the other I have know . in fact , not unlike ... you . if the monster exist , it be bury deep within . close on the hourglass nary a grain trickle through . int . great hall - morning 59 ron enter the Hall , eye lower , knuckle tape for Quidditch , flex he finger anxiously as he make for the gryffindor table . neville pass go the other way . neville good luck , eh , ron ? ron nod shortly , then seamus come up on he side , whisper conspiratorially . seamus count on you , ron . I have two galleon on gryffindor . as seamus peel off , ron cut he eye toward the slytherin table , where the Quidditch team sit together . one slytherin jut he chin toward ron , mutter something . a few turn , snigger . ron avert he eye and ... almost run into cormac , who eye he with disdain as he pass . frown , ron drop down opposite Harry and hermione . Harry eye he briefly , knowingly , push a plate across . ron take a fork , poke at it glumly . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 64a. 59 continued : 59 ron so. how be it ? hermione continue to read the Prophet , unaware of ron 's mood . hermione how be what ? ron ( with mock refinement ) you dinner party . hermione Dead boring . though I think Harry enjoy dessert . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 65 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 Harry 's eye shift , find hermione smile faintly from behind the Prophet . hermione ol 's sluggy 's have a Christmas do , you know . and we be mean to bring someone ... ron I expect you 'il be go with mclaggen . be not he a member of the slug Club ? hermione actually , I be go to ask you . ron really ? hermione really . but see as you have such a distaste for the idea -- lavender brown ( pass by ) good luck today , ron ! I know you will be brilliant ! ron smile feebly , look back down at he plate . hermione stare dagger . ron I be resign . after today 's match . mclaggen can have my spot . hear this , hermione turn back . Harry catch she eye , extend a shaking hand to indicate ron 's mental state . harry have it you way . juice ? hermione blink , surprised by Harry 's callousness . ron be surprised as well -- and mildly put out . ron sure ... as Harry pour , luna arrive at the table wear a hat that bear a uncanny resemblance to a real lion . luna hello , everyone . you look dreadful , ron . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 65a. 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 ron nod grimly , lift he glass . luna turn to Harry . ( continued ) 59 60 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 66 . continued : ( 4 ) 59 luna be that why you just put something in he cup . be it a tonic ? the tiny vial of Felix felicis glint in Harry 's palm . hermione do not drink that , ron ! but ron 's freeze in mid-sip , look at Harry 's palm too . quickly , he gulp down the rest . hermione you could be expell for that . harry dunno what you be talk about . Harry pocket the vial , wink at luna . ron rise . ron c'mon , Harry . we have get a game to win . closeup - quaffle as it rocket into the AIR ... ext . quidditch pitch - day 60 instantly , slytherin snatch the quaffle and rush en masse toward gryffindor 's end , weaving and pass with wick skill , culminate in a vicious , slice shot on goal . just when it appear it will clear the hoop , ron streak out of nowhere and send the quaffle scream in the opposite direction . Ginny pause on she broom , stunne . ginny what 's get into he ? she glance up at Harry , circle high above and he grin . just then , Dean streak by : dean Ginny ! let 's go ! instantly , she roll backward , jet off and race down she fellow chaser . Flying in spread formation , Dean -- on the far wing -- start the quaffle '' up the line '' until it land in Ginny 's hand . ( continued ) 60 61 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 67 . continued : 60 pitch herself into a wide slide to avoid a pair of whistling bludgers , she lean recklessly off she broom and whip the quaffle through the goal untouched . as the crowd scream , Harry eye the gryffindor section , where luna 's lion hat roar , lavender clap for ron and hermione sit with she arm cross , a look of supreme annoyance on she face . Harry grin , jet off . int . gryffindor common room - night 61 the room teem with student celebrate gryffindor 's victory . it feel like mardi gras . or amosh pit . ora riot . and ron be right smack in the middle of it . crowd weasley ! weasley ! weasley ! Harry take he backslap on the periphery , smile as he sip a butterbeer and enjoy ron 's turn in the spotlight . hermione ron seem to be enjoy himself . harry yep . apparently it 's he lucky day . hermione you should not have do it , Harry . harry yeah . I suppose I could have just use , I dunno ... a confundus charm ? hermione ( catch ) that be different . it be tryout . this be a actual match -- she stop . Harry dangle the vial . the sealing wax be unbroken , the bottle full . hermione you do not put it in ? ( as he shake he head ) ron only think you do ? he nod . she pop he playfully on the arm when whistle and catcall rise . they turn to see what the commotion be about and find , smack dab in the center of the room ... ( continued ) 61 62 63 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 68 . continued : 61 ron and lavender . in aclinch . kiss . Harry stare , blink , then turn back ... to no one . his eye shift , track hermione as she bump through the crowd toward the portrait hole . ext . corridor - night ( second later ) 62 Harry leave the roar of the party for the quiet of the corridor . ahead , a door stand ajar . chirping can be hear . int . chamber - same time - night 63 hermione sit atop a desk , a small ring of twittering bird circle she head . the bird change color as they orbit , from sunny yellow to a dark , angry scarlet . hermione charm spell . just practice . harry ah. well ... they be really good . hermione ( study she wand ) how do it feel , Harry ? when you see Dean with Ginny ? ( off he look ) I know , Harry . you be my best friend . I see how you look at she . just then the door burst wide and ron rush in , pull a giggling lavender by the hand . they stop . take inventory . lavender brown oops . I think this room 's take . as lavender pull ron out , he cut he voice low to Harry . ron what 's with the bird ? before Harry can reply , hermione rise , point she wand . hermione oppugno ! instantly the bird race like angry red bullet toward ron , who flee , slamming shut the door . ( continued ) 63 64 65 66 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 69 . continued : 63 as the bird hit the door , they explode softly into small feather cloud and hermione cover she face and sob . Harry go to she , hesitates , then tentatively drape he arm over she . as she turn she face into he chest , he pull she closer , watch as , across the room , the last scarlet feather drift to the floor , join the pool already there . harry it feel like this . ext . castle - window - same time - night 64 through the icy window , we see Harry cradling hermione within . as camera drift away , rising through the falling snow , the view expand . in the common room , the party rage on , while three window down , lavender pull ron into a kiss . figure pass by window , include one tall , pale boy stand at a window on the seventh floor : malfoy . as he turn away , the castle slide from view and the camera tilt up to the sky , drift with snow . int . corridor - day 65 tinsel deck the banister and mistletoe droops from the ceiling . as ron and Harry make they way down the crowded corridor , pass the birdcage , ron walk with a new air of confidence , not exactly strutting , but close . ron look , I can not help it if she 's get she knicker in a twist . what lav and I have -- well , let 's just say there be no stop it . it 's chemical . will it last ? who know ? Point be , I be a free agent . int . library - night 66 Harry trail hermione through the stack . hermione he 's at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he like . I really could not care less . be I under the impression that he and I would be attend slughorn 's Christmas party together ? yes . of course , now , give the circumstance , I have have to make other arrangement . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 70 . 66 continued : 66 harry have you ? hermione yes . why ? harry I just think , you know , since neither one of we can take who we would really like ... maybe we would go together . as friend . hermione ( stop ) why do not I think of that ? harry so who be you take ? hermione ( evasively ) um ... it 's a surprise . besides , it 's you we need to worry about . and you can not pick just anyone . see that girl over there . that 's romilda vane . rumor have it she 's try to slip you a love potion . harry really ...? Harry consider a fine- bone girl with raven hair ( romilda vane ) . she be exquisite , a absolute work of ... hermione ( snap finger ) hey ! she 's only interested in you because she think you be the chosen one . you know that , right ? harry but I be the chosen one . hermione cock she head at he , exasperate . harry okay . kidding . I x11 just ask someone I like . someone cool . 67 68 69 70 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 71 . int . staircase / corridor - night 67 luna lovegood , deck out in a set of spangled silver robe , and Harry , in basic black , make they way toward the strain of christmas music , red lantern lighting they way . luna I have never be to this part of the castle . at least not while awake . I sleepwalk , you see . it 's why I wear shoe to bed . as Harry and luna pass out of sight , we pick up malfoy , stand in the shadow of a alcove . he watch they go , then move off . int . hogwart castle - another corridor - same time — 68 night in the f.g. , the birdcage glimmer dully in the gray moonlight stream through a window . within , the two bird huddle quietly . we rack focus and see , through the grid of wire , a figure approaching . draco move down the corridor , eye fix oddly ahead . he look pale in the moonlight . in he fist he grip a apple . as he pass the cage , we hold on the bird . int . seventh floor corridor - night ( moment later ) 69 draco approach . stop . turn to the wall . close he eye . int . room of requirement - night ( second later ) 70 camera glide past dozen of towering shelve , dust - strewn and list like domino , cluttere with all matter of strange object . draco appear , he leg push he on , wend he way through the narrow passage . new angle - behind large rectangular Mass we rise above it , watch draco walk directly toward we and stop . he stare at the solid mass before he . reaches out and take the fringe of the tapestry cover it . tug . the tapestry shiver like water to the floor , revealing ... a cabinet , identical to the one in borgin & burk . ( continued ) 70 71 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 72 . continued : 70 draco run a hand over the glossy finish , come away with dust upon he fingertip . glancing around , he spy a bust of a woman wear a tiara , remove the silk scarf hang from she porcelain neck and gently wipe the dust away from the cabinet . bring the apple up , he open the cabinet and place it within . shut it . close he eye , he mutter a low incantation , barely discernible . he reach out . open it . the apple be go . he close the cabinet again . wait . long this time . finally , he open it . remove the apple . rotates it . someone have take a bite out of it . int . slughorn 's office - night ( moment later ) 71 flash ! a camera pop , reveal Harry smile with slughorn before a photographer ( adrian ) . the ceiling and wall be drape with hanging of emerald , crimson and gold , so the room feel like a tent ... or the inside of a gift box . it be loud and pack with people . slughorn thank you , adrian ! ( quietly to Harry ) one of mine . class of ' 78 . I have hope for more out of he , but at least the picture be in focus . ( suddenly ) oh my ! Excuse I , Harry . I must greet the new Minister of magical transportation . class of ' 67 . ( as he go ) mingle , m’boy ! mingle ! we be all friend here . and we run the world . Harry watch slughorn make a beeline across the room , along the way nodd to the twin , who have apparently come with each other . voice ( 0.s. ) drink ? Harry turn , find neville stand with a tray . harry neville ...? neville I do not make the cut for the slug Club . it 's okay . he 's get belby hand out towel in the loo . ( continued ) 71 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 73. continued : 71 as neville turn away , Harry notice a pair of girl 's feet protrude from beneath a crimson hanging . his gaze rise , find hermione peek out . as he move off , we see luna talk to a small , stout bespectacle man ( eldred worple ) . eldred worple lovegood , do you say ? I once encounter a seriously unbalance man by that name at a book signing . claim to run a magazine ... new angle - hermione - behind the hanging - second later harry ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? hermione yelp , turn , pull Harry behind the hang . her hair be slightly askew , she lipstick a bit blurry . they turn , harry and what 's happen to you ? hermione hm ? oh , I have just escape -- I mean , leave cormac . under the mistletoe . harry cormac ! that 's who you invite ! hermione I think it would annoy ron most . but he 's a menace . he 's get more tentacles than a snarfalump plant . waiter ( 0.s. ) Dragon tartar ? find a waiter peek in , tray in hand . hermione no thank you . waiter just as well . they give one horribly bad breath . hermione ( grab the tray ) on second think -- maybe it ' 1l keep cormac at bay . oh no , here he come ! ( continued ) 71 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 74 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 hermione pop two of the Dragon blob into she mouth , shove the tray in Harry 's hand and flit away . new angle - party - same time snape , look bored , stand on the periphery of a conversation , when he see hermione exit one side of the hang and cormac enter the other . new angle - behind the hanging - same time harry I think she go to powder she nose . Harry look past cormac 's shoulder , out past the hang and see slughorn laugh with a guest . cormac pluck a dragon blob off the tray in Harry 's hand , pop it . cormac slippery little minx , you friend . like to work she mouth too , do not she ? yak yak yak . what be this I be eat , by the way ? harry Dragon ball . as cormac 's face freeze , Harry start to head toward slughorn when the hanging be sweap aside : snape . snape what 's go on back here ? cormac spews raw dragon all over snape 's shoe . snape survey the damage , then he eye rise darkly . snape you have just buy yourself a month 's detention , mclaggen . mclaggen dash off . Harry make to follow . snape not so quick , Potter . harry I think I should rejoin the party , sir . my date ... snape +. can surely survive you absence for another minute or two . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 75 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 snape ( cont 'd ) besides , I only wish to convey a message . harry a message ...? snape from Professor dumbledore . he ask that I give you he best and that he hope you enjoy you holiday . you see , he 's travel and will not return until term resume . harry travel ? where ? snape merely stare a Harry silently , briefly , then exit , take Harry 's gaze with he , to slughorn once again , wildly gesture with a full glass of wine . malfoy ( 0.s. ) take you hand off I , you filthy squib ! a frown overtake slughorn 's face and he turn toward the source of the commotion , exit Harry 's view . Harry emerge from the hang , find malfoy in filch 's rough grip . filch Professor slughorn , sir ! I have just discover this boy lurking in a upstairs corridor . he claim to have be invite to you party . malfoy okay , okay , I be gate-crash . happy ? snape i’1l escort he out . draco 's eye shift , regard snape . he shrug free of filch . malfoy certainly ... Professor . ext . dark corridor - night ( moment later ) 72 camera glide in the darkness . voice be heard . ( continued ) 72 73 74 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 76 . continued : 72 malfoy ( 0.s. ) maybe I do hex that Bell girl . maybe I do not . what 's it to you ? two silhouettes come into view -- malfoy , slump against the wall in lazy insolence , and snape . snape I swore to protect you . I make the unbreakable vow -- malfoy I do not need protection . I be choose for this ! out of all other . I ! and I will not fail he . snape you be afraid , draco . you attempt to conceal it , but it 's obvious . let I assist you -- malfoy no ! I be choose . this be my moment ! malfoy exit . then snape . wider angle Harry be reveal in a adjacent alcove . he 's hear all . a train be heard ... ext . hogwart express - moving - day 73 the hogwart Express chug through a snowy countryside . int . hogwart express - moving - day 74 ron lie on he back , while Harry sit opposite , leaf through the half - blood Prince 's potion book . ron unbreakable vow . you be sure that 's what snape say . harry positive . why ? ron it 's just , well , you can not break a unbreakable vow . ( continued ) 74 75 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 77 . continued : 74 harry I have work that much out for myself , funnily enough . ron no , you do not understand -- oh , bloody hell ... lavender stand outside the compartment door . fog the glass with she breath , she etch '' ron + lav , '' encircle it with a heart , mime '' I miss you , '' and exit with a pout . harry Lovely . ron all she want to do be snog I . my lip be get chap . look . harry I ' 1ll take you word for it . just then , hermione pass by , break stride as she spot lavender 's handiwork , then continue on . ron shake he head . harry so what happen ? if you break a unbreakable vow ? ron glower , watch as lavender 's heart slowly vanish . ron you die . int . weasley house - same time - night 75 the house glow with light and holiday music ring from the wireless . Fred and George fill cup with steaming nog and Mrs. weasley and Ginny ferry plate of food . mrs . weasley eat up , eat up , everyone ! there 's more to come ! Harry sit in deep conversation with lupin , tonk , and mr . weasley . ron sit by silently . lupin look haggard . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 78 . 75 continued : 75 harry draco 's plotting something , I know it , something to do with voldemort . he 's be give a task or a mission -- and snape be offer to help . lupin voldemort have choose draco malfoy for a mission ? harry I know it sound mad -- lupin have it occur to you , Harry , that snape be simply pretend to offer draco help so that he could find out what he 's up to ? harry that 's not what it sound like . tonk perhaps Harry 's right , remus . to make a unbreakable vow , after all -- lupin it come down to whether or not you trust dumbledore 's judgement . he trust snape . therefore , I do . harry but dumbledore can make mistake . he 's say it himself -- lupin you be blind by hatred . harry I be not -- lupin ( sharply ) you be ! people be disappear , Harry . Daily . we can only put we trust in a handful of people . if we start fight amongst ourselves , we be doom . tonk give Harry a furtive glance , as if to say , '' leave it . '' ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 78a. 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 ginny open up , you . Harry turn , find Ginny , hold something in she finger . ginny do not trust I ? he oblige and she pop a SMALL tart in he mouth . harry it 's good . ( continued ) 75 76 77 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 79 . continued : ( 3 ) 75 ginny ' course ' tis . make they myself . she smile at he , hook she ginger hair over one ear and ron plop down between they . Big brother to the rescue . ext . reed ( surrounding burrow ) - night ( later ) 76 within the reed . a eerie Pov . tracking Harry and Mr. weasley as they walk from the house to the adjacent workshop . int . mr. weasley 's workshop - night ( moment later ) 77 Harry trail Mr. weasley through he cluttere workshop , which be chock - a- block with muggle object : steam iron . toaster . clock radio . plug . lot of plug . the party can still be hear , drift faintly from the main house . mr . weasley you will have to forgive remus . it take its toll -- he condition . harry ( study he ) be you alright , Mr. weasley ? Arthur try a smile , but it fade . he frown , pain . mr . weasley we be be follow , all of we . Molly do not leave the house most day . it 's not be easy . harry ( a nod , then ) do you get my owl ? mr . weasley yes , but I think it best if I reply in person . if dumbledore 's travel , it 's news to the Ministry . but perhaps that 's the way dumbledore want it . as for draco malfoy -- I know a bit more . harry go on . ( continued ) 77 78 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 80 . continued : 77 mr . weasley I send a agent to borgin & burk . from what you describe , I think what you and ron see at the end of the summer -- the object that draco seem so interested in -- be a vanish cabinet . harry a vanish cabinet ? mr . weasley they be all the rage when voldemort first rise to power . you can imagine the appeal . should the death eater come call , one need only slip inside and disappear for a hour or two . but they be tricky contraption . require a tremendous amount of look after . eventually they fall out of favor . harry what happen to it ? the one at borgin & burk ? mr . weasley nothing . it 's still there . Harry nod , ponder this . mr . weasley Harry . you know , I go through all this before -- the last time around . Times like this -- dark time -- do funny thing to people . it can bring they together and it can tear they apart . thing ... speed up . it 's what happen when you do not know if today will be you last . ext . reed ( surrounding burrow ) - night ( later ) 78 similar eerie Pov . on the porch , Molly and Arthur , look middle - age and fragile , say goodbye to lupin and tonk . harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 81. 79 ext . porch - same time - night 79 while the other talk , lupin stand a bit off to the side , stare into the reed . his nostril flair subtly . tonk it be delicious , Molly . really . mrs . weasley you be sure you will not stay ? tonk no , we should go . ( under she breath ) the first night of the cycle be always the worst -- tonk gesture vaguely to the moon . Arthur glance at lupin . arthur be Pov - lupin 's hand ++. as the hair on the knuckle rise . back to scene mrs . weasley remus ...? 80 int . weasley house - second floor - same time - night 80 Harry peer through the ripple of a imperfect windowpane , study the other below . a floorboard creak . he turn , watch Ginny emerge into the light , in a robe , twist she wet hair in a towel . ginny everyone go to bed ? harry soon . ginny I do not sleep this day . so I wash my hair . silly , right ? Harry just stare at she , the air prickle with silence . Ginny eye he knowingly . ginny happy Christmas , Harry . 81 82 83 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 82. ext . porch - same time - night 81 lupin continue to peer into the reed . his pupil contract . tonk sweetheart ... lupin there 's someone out there . I can smell he . there 's more than one -- suddenly -- throughout the reed -- torch blaze . int . weasley house - second floor - same time - night 82 the ripple window behind Harry blushes with light . Ginny 's eye shift from Harry to the tree beyond . ginny oh my god ... Harry turn , he breath fogging the windowpane as , far below , flame snake out of the reed and slither toward the house . bellatrix emerge , peer up through the darkness toward Harry 's silhouette , a mad grin on she face . as she shriek eerily , he eye flash with hatred . ext . weasley house - porch - same time - night 83 Harry burst through the front door , wand draw , pelt toward bellatrix . she grin , turn , and vanish into the reed . mr . weasley Harry , no ! flame race up the porch step , climb the wall of the house . lupin draw he wand and race after Harry . tonk remus ! ron , Fred and George appear , join Arthur as he dash toward the smoking marsh . Arthur glance back as Ginny emerge . mr . weasley Ginny , stay with you mother ! without hesitation , she race for the reed . 84 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 83. ext . reed ( surrounding burrow ) - night ( moment later ) 84 Harry careen through the marsh , reed flash past , then spy bellatrix . she grins , look like a craze wood nymph , then flit off , she laughter mock he . as he pursue , FIRE snake through the reed toward he . new angle Fred , George , ron and Arthur fan out , run full - out , they foot kick up SPARKS as shadow splinter throughout the reed . it 's like chase ghost . new angle Ginny , copper hair gleam , race through the reed . bellatrix lead Harry on , grin madly . Ginny come dash to a halt , chest heaving as she peer into the smoking marsh . a huge figure quiver through a veil of smoke . Ginny 's eye shift , see bellatrix racing forward through the reed , then shift back as the veil of smoke evaporate , reveal ... greyback . bellatrix make a odd , clicking noise -- like a signal -- and greyback edge forward , sweeping away the reed in front of he and revealing ... ... Harry as he pelt forward . ginny no , Harry ! it 's a trap ! Harry falter , look toward Ginny 's voice and spy greyback . bellatrix stop dead , wheel in she track and , see Ginny , shriek with rage . raising she wand , she fire a bolt of red light which explode in a shower of SPARKS around Ginny . Ginny fire back , then wheel away , flash through the reed and come face to face with ... greyback , sharp tooth glitter . greyback do not you smell clean . just then , a bolt of blue burst off greyback 's back and he turn , see Harry stand several yard off . as greyback give chase , Ginny pelt after and we CUT back and forth between Harry , Ginny and the beast between they , faster and faster , they breaths shorten until ... ( continued ) 84 85 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 84 . continued : 84 greyback rush into a clear , panting , glance about . just then , twin bolt of light blast from opposite side of the clear and greyback be lift in the air , slam to the ground . as he regains he foot he look into the reed and see Harry and Ginny , wand poise . he grin ... when bellatrix 's odd , clicking signal carry through the night once again . turn away , he exit . Harry and Ginny slowly step out of the reed , stare at each other wordlessly . then ... ron , Fred , George , Arthur and lupin come thrashing into the clear , stop . all around they , the reed smoke , the flame die . across the marsh , bellatrix 's cackle rise briefly on the air -- then all be quiet . hermione ( v.o. ) you be lucky you be not kill . int . hogwart castle - corridor - same time - day 85 hermione read the Daily Prophet as she walk alongside Harry . the headline be gloomy : '' more disappearance . '' hermione you have to realize who you be , Harry . harry ( sharply ) I know who I be , hermione , alright ? ( frown ) sorry . hermione so tell I what Arthur say . harry if dumbledore 's travel place , it 's news to the Ministry . but get this : that night at borgin & burk ? it seem draco be look at a vanish cabinet . hermione what would draco want with a vanish cabinet ? harry you tell I . hermione frown , ponder this . then : ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 84a. 85 continued : 85 hermione he look different , do not you think ? draco. almost ... ill . harry who could tell the difference ? ( continued ) 85 86 87 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 ron ( 0.s. ) lav , c’mon . of course I 'il wear it . they glance ahead , see ron and a pout lavender . ron hold a gold chain which spell out '' my sweetheart . '' lavender brown that 's my won-won . hermione Excuse I , I have to go vomit . as hermione exit , Harry spy Ginny , in a alcove , sit by as Dean laugh with seamus . look up , she see Harry , give a feeble wave . he wave back and we -- CUT to : int . dumbledore 's office - night 86 harry face plunging into water , breaking the surface ... flashback - int . slughorn 's office - night ( year past ) 87 we emerge from the crackling ember of a fireplace . a much young -- and more smartly dress slughorn probe a dish of crystallized pineapple as he hold court before 16 - year -old tom riddle and five other boy . the crystal hourglass sit on a side table . tom riddle Sir , be it true that Professor merrythought be retire ? slughorn chuckle , wag a sugar- encrust finger at riddle . slughorn now , Tom , I could not tell you if I know , could I ? I must say , m’boy , I have like to know where you get you information . more knowledgeable than half the staff , you be . ( as the other boy laugh ) by the way , thank you for the pineapple -- you be quite right , it be my favorite -- how be it you know ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 86 . 87 continued : 87 tom riddle intuition . riddle smile but he expression suggest intuition have nothing to do with it . slughorn chuckle uneasily . slughorn good gracious , look at the time . off you go , boy , or Professor dippett will have we all in detention . lestrange , avery , do not forget you essay ... as the other file out , slughorn busy himself with some papers when -- ping ! -- he turn , find riddle still there , stand by the crystal hourglass . slughorn look sharp , Tom . you do not want to be catch out of bed after hour ... tom riddle I know a secret shortcut or two . slughorn yes , I imagine you do . something on you mind , Tom ? tom riddle yes , sir . I could not think of anyone else to go to . the other professor , well , they be not like you . they might ... misunderstand . slughorn go on . riddle slip off the ring on he leave hand , begin to roll it between he finger . it be set with a black stone . tom riddle I be in the library the other night , in the restricted section , and I read something rather odd , about a bit of rare magic , and I think perhaps you could illuminate I ... suddenly , a dense fog engulf the room and slughorn 's voice twist into a angry shriek : ( continued ) 87 88 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 87 slughorn I do not know anything about such thing and I would not tell you if I do ! now get out of here at once and do not ever let I catch you mention it again ! the fog grow thicker and ... int . dumbledore 's office - night ( present ) 88 «+. camera emerge from the swirl pensieve . Harry blink , find dumbledore study he from across the room . dumbledore confused ? I would be surprised if you be not . harry I do not understand -- what happen ? dumbledore this be perhaps the most important memory I have collect . it 's also a lie . ( off Harry 's look ) this memory have be tampere with . in this case by the person whose memory it be , we friend Professor slughorn . harry but why would he tamper with he own memory ? dumbledore I suspect he be ashamed of it . harry why ? dumbledore why indeed . dumbledore trail he withere finger in the pensieve . dumbledore I ask you to get to know Professor slughorn and you have do so . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 88. continued : 88 dumbledore ( cont 'd ) now I want you to persuade he to divulge he true memory . any way you can . harry I do not know he that well , sir -- dumbledore you be the chosen one , Harry . and Horace be , at heart , a decent man . provide the proper circumstance and he will confess he sin . dumbledore lift he finger from the pensieve , study they . they be , in this moment , iridescent , whole . dumbledore this memory be everything , Harry . without it , we be blind . without it , we leave the fate of we world to chance . you have no choice . you must not fail . as Harry watch , the damp sheen envelop dumbledore 's hand evaporate and once again he finger decay . int . / ext . slughorn 's classroom - day 89 as the CLASS bell ring , a group of first year rise . slughorn now do not forget to look over the chapter on antidote . i’1l be poisoning one of you next time we meet . I be joke ! off you go ! do not forget you rattail , miss aly . as the tiny one scurry out , Harry be reveal , wait just outside the door . he enter . for a moment , slughorn merely hum over he briefcase , unaware . then ... slughorn ah ! if it be not the Prince of potion himself ! to what do I owe the pleasure ? harry well , sir , I wonder if I might ask you something . slughorn ask away , my dear boy , ask away ! ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 89 . 89 continued : 89 harry well , you see , the other day I be in the restricted section -- in the library -- and I stumble upon something rather odd while read . something about a bit of rare magic ... slughorn yes ? and exactly what be this rare magic . harry I be not sure ... that be , I do not recall the name ... exactly . but it get I wonder ... be there some kind of magic you be not allow to teach ? slughorn look up , eye Harry carefully . slughorn I be a potion Professor , Harry . perhaps you question would best be pose to Professor snape . harry yes , well , we do not exactly see eye - to - eye , sir . what I mean to say be , he 's not like you . he might ... misunderstand . recognition flicker in slughorn 's eye . a glint of fear . slughorn there can be no light without the dark . and so it be with magic . myself , I have always strive to live within the light . I suggest you do the same . slughorn gather he briefcase , start to exit . harry do you say the same to Tom riddle , sir ? when he come ask question . slughorn freeze in the doorway , then slowly turn . slughorn dumbledore put you up to this . do not he ? do not he ! ( continued ) 89 90 91 92 93 94 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 harry Sir -- slughorn silence he with a upraise hand . then , without another word , he be go . int . corridor - day ( moment later ) 90 lightn flash . Thunder rumble . rain lash the window . through the birdcage 's grid of wire someone approach . we rack focus ... find Harry . as he pass , we hold on the cage . one bird be miss . only the black one remain . as thunder boom , the bird ruffles its feather . Harry glance down the corridor adjacent , see a figure start up the far stairwell . as the shadow ascend , Harry follow . int . corridor - same time - day 91 the figure continue on , pass out of view . Harry follow . int . corridor - same time - day 92 Harry , still trail . the figure turn a corner ... int . seventh floor corridor 93 .».. come into view . it 's draco . he stop halfway down , look back the way he come . harry shadow scale the wall as he approach . draco watch calmly , then turn , close he eye . and simply ... disappear . Harry turn the corner . stop . no one . int . room of requirement - day ( second later ) 94 draco wend he way through the tower shelf , remove the tapestry and face the gleam cabinet . he reach into he coat and carefully remove the white bird . holding it in one hand , he study it , gently stroking its feather with the other . for a moment , he seem lose in the activity , lose in the bird 's coal black eye , its bob head . then , gently , he place it in the cabinet and close the door . wait . when he open the cabinet , the bird be go . he close the cabinet once more . ( continued ) 94 95 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 91 . continued : 94 a feather , white and gleam , cling to the cuff of he jacket . he take it , turn it in the light . it be fragile , translucent . he look briefly lose again , then blink , turn back to the cabinet , slowly reach out and open it . the bird be there . Dead . int . common room - night 95 hermione do she homework while Harry peer at the marauder 's map . they be the only one present . hermione do you actually expect you could just walk up to ol 's sluggy and ask he to reveal he deep , darkest secret ? honestly , Harry , sometimes I think the Daily Prophet should call you the dim one . harry Nice . hermione ( rise to go ) you be go to have to persuade he somehow . and now , I be afraid , you have make it a lot harder . harry hermione . I think malfoy 's leave the castle . hermione stop dead , look back at Harry . he nod . harry I have see it . sometimes ... sometimes he just disappear off the map . hermione that 's ... not possible . no one can leave the castle this day . the map be wrong . harry the map be never wrong . hermione frown , think , then shake she head , turn away . 96 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 92 . int . boy 's dormitory ( gryffindor tower ) - night ( later ) 96 Harry slump into the darken dormitory . stop . on the floor , glitter in the moonlight , be a trail of candy foil . a bit further along , ron sit in he pj 's upon the window sill , a heart - shape BOX by he side . ron it 's beautiful , be not it ? the moon . harry Divine . have ourselves a little late - night snack , do we ? ron it be on you bed . the box . think I have try one ... harry or twenty . ron I can not stop think about she , Harry . harry really ? honestly , I reckone she be start to annoy you . ron she could never annoy I . I think ... I think I love she . harry Excuse I ? ron nod . Harry look bewilder . harry well ... brilliant . ron do you think she know I exist ? harry bloody well hope so . she 's be snogging you for three month . ron snogge ? who be you talk about ? harry who be you talk about ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 93 . 96 continued : 96 ron romilda , of course . romilda vane . Harry stare at ron ... then grin . harry okay . very funny . he turn to he bed , throw back the cover when ... the heart - shape box carom off he head . harry what the hell be that for ? ron it 's no joke ! I be in love with she ! harry okay ! Fine ! you be in love with she ! have you ever actually meet she ! ron no . can you introduce I ? Harry stop rub he head , eye ron oddly , then glance at the candy box at he foot . there be a envelope . take it , he slide out a card : '' dear Harry . think sweet thought of you . happy Valentine 's day. romilda . '' he suppress a smile . harry ron , this chocolate , they be -- C ’mon . I be go to introduce you to romilda vane . 97 int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 97 Harry lead ron , still in he pjs , toward a door . ron how do I look ? harry devastatingly handsome . Harry rap on the door . footstep -- follow by a loud crash . slughorn ( 0.s. ) damn it all ! ( continued ) 97 98 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 94 , continued : 97 the door open . slughorn stand in a GREEN velvet dressing gown and match nightcap , look bleary - eye and annoyed . something smoke on the floor behind he -- the floor lamp he have send wobble the night of the dinner party . slughorn yes ??? lil! ( warily ) oh. Potter . it 's you . I be afraid I be busy at the moment -- he start to close the door . Harry stick he foot in . harry sir. I be sorry . I would not bother you if it be not absolutely -- ron where 's romilda ? slughorn squint over Harry 's shoulder at ron who be do precisely the same from the other side . slughorn what 's the matter with wenby ? Harry lean forward , whisper into slughorn 's ear . he frown . slughorn ah. very well . bring he in . int . slughorn 's office - night ( moment later ) 98 slughorn , with practice ease , mix a concoction of powder and potion into a goblet while ron peer into a mirror . as he pace , Harry pass '' the shelf '' and find , front and center , a photograph of himself and slughorn -- the one take at the Christmas party . in deep b.g. be photograph of snape , as a young student , clutching he potion textbook . slughorn I have have think you could whip up a remedy for this in no time , Harry -- a expert potioneer like you . harry I figure this call for a more practice hand , sir . ( continued ) 98 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 95 . continued : 98 ron hello , darling . Fancy a drink ? slughorn and Harry turn , watch ron wink into the mirror . slughorn hm . perhaps you be right . as slughorn go back to mixing , Harry eye he furtively . harry I be sorry , sir . about the other day . we ... misunderstanding . slughorn eye Harry briefly , look away . slughorn yes , well , water under the bridge as they say , correct ? harry I mean , I be sure you be tired of it , after all this year . the question . about ... voldemort . slughorn 's mixing hand falter instantly . slughorn I will ask you not to use that name . slughorn 's stare be fierce . finally , he turn , goblet in hand , and put a smile on he face , he voice cheery . harry yes , sir . it 's just , well , dumbledore once say that fear of a name only increase fear of the thing itself . it seem sensible . slughorn with all due respect , dumbledore sometimes forget that most of we do not possess power so great that we can risk offend the most dangerous Dark Lord who ever live . slughorn 's stare be fierce , as fierce as the one dumbledore fix Harry with . finally , he turn away . slughorn alright , m’boy ! bottom up ! ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 95a. 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 ron what 's this ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 96 . 98 continued : ( 3 ) 98 slughorn a tonic for the nerve . ron drink . beam briefly . then he grin sag . ron what happen to I ? harry Love potion . slughorn and a bloody strong one at that . ron I feel really ... bad . slughorn pick-me-up 's what you need , m’boy . ( eying Harry again ) do we all good , I think . I have get butterbeer , wine -- ah -- and a dazzle oak -mature mead . I have other intention for this but give the circumstance ... slughorn take a stout bottle and fill a glass for ron . as ron sip , slughorn fill a pair for he and Harry . slughorn there we be , Potter . to life ! crash ! -- ron 's glass hit the floor and he crumple to he knee , then tumble full out on the rug , spasming horribly , foam ooze over he lip . Harry rush to he . harry ron ! ron !!! Professor , help he ! slughorn I d- do not understand -- harry Professor ! do something !! slughorn shuffles haplessly through he bag , mumbling , at a loss . Harry turn back to ron -- he skin be turn blue . harry he 's choke !! ( continued ) 98 99 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 97 . continued : ( 4 ) 98 Harry glance about , then leap up , and frantically begin to strip the wall of its potion store , look for something , anything . a box tumble , something spill : a scatter of stone , no bigger than a robin 's egg , shrivel and dry . snatch one , he wrench open ron 's jaw and thrust it deep into he throat . instantly ron stop move , paralyze . the room be suddenly silent . he 's not breathe . Harry place both hand behind ron 's head and give it a shake . another . harry breathe ! C ’mon , ron , do not be a prat . breathe ! breathe ! Harry shake he again and again ... then stop . ron 's head roll limply from he finger . slughorn look on , mouth agape . useless . then ... a cough , a great hiccupping cough -- like a swimmer almost drown -- and ron be back . breathe . ron this girl be gonna kill I , Harry . Harry grin . then ron 's eye flutter . out . but breathe . int . hospital wing - early morning ( later ) 99 Harry , dumbledore , snape , mcgonagall , Ginny and a very somber hermione circle ron 's bed as madam pomfrey minister to he . slughorn sit off to the side , ina chair , look stunne . dumbledore Quick think on you part , Harry . use a bezoar . you must be very proud of you student , eh , Horace ? slughorn hm ? oh. yes ... very proud . professor mcgonagall I think we all agree that Mr. Potter 's action be heroic . the question be : why be they necessary . dumbledore why indeed . dumbledore take the half - empty bottle of mead , still bear a bit of giftwrap . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 98. 99 continued : just then 99 dumbledore this appear to be a gift , Horace . you do not by chance remember who give you this bottle , do you -- which by the way possess remarkably subtle hint of licorice and cherry when not pollute with poison . slughorn actually I have intend to give it as a gift myself . dumbledore to whom might I ask ? slughorn you , headmaster . -- the door burst OPEN : lavender Brown . lavender brown where be he ? where 's my won-won ! have he be ask for I ? ( stop ; glaring dagger ) what 's she do here ? hermione I might ask you the same . lavender brown I happen to be he girlfriend . hermione I happen to be he ... friend . lavender brown do not make I laugh . you have not speak in week . I suppose you want to make up with he now that he 's suddenly all interesting . hermione he 's be poison , you daft dimbo ! and for the record , I have always find he interesting . hermione frown , a bit embarrassed . ron snort , stir . lavender brown ha ! see ? he sense my presence . I be here , won -won . I be here -- ( continued ) 99 100 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 ron er... my ... nee ... er! my! nee ! ron , in a haze , reach out blindly . blush , hermione take he hand . instantly , he fall unconscious again . lavender , vibrate with rage , stalk out . dumbledore beam . dumbledore ah , to be young and feel love 's keen sting . come , everyone , I think Mr. weasley be well tend . as dumbledore lead the other past Harry , Harry study he . Ginny pass , face very close , whispering as she indicate ron and hermione . ginny ' Bout time , do not you think ? Harry watch she go , hopelessly smitten , see that slughorn have pause in the doorway . slughorn I have always cherish my student . they be my life ... then he be go too . Harry turn back , study hermione , hand enfold over ronus . she look up , see he faint smile . hermione oh shut up . int . great hall - day 100 Harry spoon soup into he mouth while peruse the half - blood Prince 's potion book , he eye linger , as before , over the sectumsempra spell : '' for enemy . '' ron absently twirl he wand as he covertly eye lavender . hermione frown over the Prophet when ... a snowflake fall upon she nose . hermione ron. stop . you be make it snow . ron huh ? ron look up , see that it be snowing exclusively over the trio . hermione place she hand atop he wand and he blink , as if the gesture kindle some sense-memory . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 100 . 100 continued : 100 ron tell I again how I break up with lavender ? Harry pause on he soup , exchange a glance with hermione , who carefully withdraw she hand from ron' . hermione um , well , she come to visit you in the hospital , you see , and you talk -- I do not believe it be a long conversation -- ron do not get I wrong . I be bloody thrilled to be shot of she . it 's just she seem ... a bit put out . as one , the three glance over at lavender and be reward with a lethal squint . hermione do , do not she ? and you say you do not remember a thing from that night ? not one thing ? ron well ... there be ... something . ( as hermione hang ) but no . it can not be . besides , I be completely boggle , be not I ? hermione right. boggle ... hermione slump back , frown . Harry smile with amusement . just then , a mild commotion draw he attention . at the back of the Hall , a group of girl surround a new arrival . hermione that 's Katie . that 's Katie Bell . Katie Bell , pale but smile , greet the other girl . after a moment , she look up . find Harry stand before she . harry how be you , Katie ? katie bell give I a moment , girl . the girl drift off . Harry watch they go , curious , then : ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 101. continued : ( 2 ) 100 katie bell I know you be go to ask , Harry . but I do not know who curse I . I have try to remember . honestly . but I just ... can not ... Katie 's eye shift . she go ashen . Harry turn , follow she gaze and find ... malfoy , stare at she . Katie back away , retreate to the other girl . Harry watch she go , then look back . catch malfoy flee the Hall . int . corridor - day ( moment later ) 101 malfoy hurtle past , forehead gleam with sweat , pass out of frame . second later , Harry appear , follow . as he pass the birdcage ... we hold . it 's now empty . omitted 102 int . bathroom - same time - day 103 malfoy lurch to the mirror , steady himself against the sink . then , with a great , heaving shudder begin to ... cry . in the mirror , we see the bathroom door ease open : Harry . he stop , stunne . malfoy 's eye shift . horrify to be expose . he wheel , point he wand . whoosh ! the lamp next to Harry 's head shatter . flame spider up the ceiling . Harry draw he own wand , fire back . the cistern behind malfoy explode and water sweep the ceiling , rain down . malfoy howl with rage . Harry ready himself . malfoy cruci-- harry sectumsempra ! blood spurt from malfoy 's face and scarlet slashes ooze through the white of he shirt . he stagger , howl again and collapse . Harry glare at he wand in horror , then slush across the floor , the water run red with malfoy 's blood . ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 102. continued : 103 malfoy do not touch I ! do not you dare touch I ! Harry stop dead ... transfix by a flash of something dark push through the wet fabric of malfoy 's shirtsleeve . just then ... snape burst through the door . see malfoy -- and the nature of he injury -- he eye Harry with keen curiosity . kneel , he trace the tip of he wand over malfoy 's wound , murmuring a eerie incantation . instantly , the skin begin to knit itself together . Harry back away , snape 's ancient chant ringing in he ear , blood float like crimson flower on the floor , back away until he reach the door ... int . common room - day 104 Harry sit numbly , the potion textbook lie limp in he hand . hermione , ron and Ginny sit together , a bit apart , keep a kind of vigil . finally , Ginny rise , step to he . ginny you have to get rid of it . today . int . seventh floor corridor - day ( later ) 105 Harry , potion book in hand , follow Ginny past the empty birdcage and down the corridor when she pause , turn to the wall and shut she eye . ginny take my hand . int . room of requirement - day ( second later ) 106 Ginny and Harry materialize . harry the room of requirement ... Ginny nod , turn away . Harry follow . new angle - second later Harry eye the shelf that tower above he and the odd thing they hold : a SMALL cage bear the skeleton of some long - dead creature . a jar of quivering eyeballs which track he as he pass . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 103 . 106 continued : 106 ginny over the year , if someone have a secret , if they want to conceal something , this be where they come . some of this thing be almost as old as the castle itself . harry who show you this ? first . ginny Fred and George . first year . I hide Tom riddle 's diary here for a time . wish I have leave it ... as Ginny drift in the memory , Harry study she , then a scuffling SOUND be hear nearby . they turn , look off . ginny / harry ( at the same time ) what be that ? they turn back , look at each other . Ginny smile . then : new angle - behind vanishing cabinet Harry and Ginny approach . the scuffling grow louder . Harry reach out , pull aside the tapestry . react . the cabinet door vibrate . slowly , he open it and ... +... the black bird fly free in a rush of flapping wing . ginny see , you never know what you 'il find up here . Harry nod , look back to the cabinet , mystify . ginny all right . Close you eye . that way you can not be tempt . Ginny slip the book from he finger and start to back away . she mouth : Close ... you ... eye . as she leave frame , camera push ever-so-slowly in on Harry . still . wait . for a long moment , there be only silence . then a shadow gently eclipse Harry 's face . ginny there 's something else . another secret of sort . one of mine ... ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 104 . 106 continued : ( 2 ) 106 Ginny lean in then and place she mouth on Harry 's . ginny that can stay hide up here too , if you like . Harry open he eye , watch Ginny back away , then disappear around the corner . he stare at the empty air , blink , then watch the black bird flutter overhead . 107 int . corridor - late afternoon ( later ) 107 Harry , look a tad daze , walk aimlessly . ron ( 0.s. ) so. do you and Ginny do it ? Harry jump , watch ron appear . harry what ? ron you know . hide the book . harry oh. yeah . just then , slughorn round the far end of the corridor and -- spying Harry -- do a little Oliver hardy '' oops '' and retreat . ron still no luck with slughorn , I take it ? Harry shake he head -- then stop cold , stare at the empty space where slughorn stand moment before . harry say that again . 108 int . common room - dusk 108 the tiny vial of felix felicis glimmer in Harry 's palm as he and ron and hermione huddle in the empty dormitory . they exchange glance , then Harry bring the vial to he lip . hermione well ? how do you feel ? ( continued ) 108 109 110 111 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 105 . continued : 108 harry excellent . really excellent . hermione now remember . slughorn usually eat early , take a short walk and then return to he office . harry right . I be go down to hagrid 's . hermione what ? no , Harry -- you have get to go see slughorn . we have a plan -- harry no . I have get a good feel about go to hagrid 's . I feel like it 's the place to be tonight , know what I mean ? hermione / ron no . harry trust I . I know what I be do . or at least Felix do . int . corridor - dusk ( moment later ) 109 a boy with a prefectas badge patrol the corridor . bore , he ponder the progress of he faint mustache in a mirror . Harry walk by , unseen . int . entrance hall - dusk ( moment later ) 110 filch pace , stand guard while Mrs. norris sit calmly by . a mouse appear in the OPEN helmet of a suit of armor , wash its face with its tiny paw , then spy Mrs. norris -- who hiss . the mouse make a quick retreat and the face plate come clanging down . as filch wheel , Harry stroll past . ext . ground / hogwart castle - dusk ( moment later ) 111 two auror , twin silhouettes , patrol the grounds . Harry approach , about to intersect they path when , at the last second , something on the ground catch he eye . he kneel , consider a beetle on its back , leg churn helplessly . Harry extend he finger , let the tiny bug gain purchase , then tip it upright ... ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 105a . 111 continued : 111 .+.j just as the auror 's shadow quiver over he and vanish . rising , Harry start off in one direction , then stop , as if compel by some inner voice , and head the opposite way . harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 106 . ext . greenhouse - dusk ( moment later ) 112 Harry hum placidly . up ahead , a figure ripple beyond the steamy pane of the greenhouse . it 's slughorn , hunch over a plant whose tendril coil eerily , resisting he attention . snip ! he stealthily remove a sprig , look up and jump . slughorn merlin 's beard , Harry ! harry sorry , sir . I should have announce myself . clear my throat . cough . you probably fear I be madam sprout . slughorn well , yes , actually -- ( paranoid ) why would you think that ? harry just the general behavior , sir . the sneaking around . the jump when you see I . by the way , that tentacula leave -- they be quite valuable , be not they ? slughorn ten galleon a leaf to the right buyer -- not that I be familiar with such back alley transaction . one hear rumor be all . my own interest be purely academic , of course . harry personally , this plant have always kind of freak I out . Harry give a little shiver of the shoulder , smile . slughorn cock he head , study he oddly . slughorn exactly how do you get out of the castle , Harry ? harry through the front door , sir . I be off to hagrid 's , you see . he 's a very dear friend and I feel like pay he a visit . so if you do not mind , I 'il be go . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 107 . 112 continued : 112 slughorn Harry ! harry sir? slughorn it 's nearly nightfall . surely you realize I can not allow you to roam the grounds all by yourself . harry well , then by all mean come along , sir . 113 ext . hagrid be hut - dusk ( moment later ) 113 Harry appear over a rise , strolling happily along ... when slughorn appear , huffing and puffing to keep up . slughorn Harry , I must insist you accompany I back to the castle immediately ! harry that would be counterproductive , sir . slughorn and what make you say that ? harry no idea . slughorn frown impatiently -- then stop , blink . slughorn merlin 's beard ... up ahead , hagrid sit disconsolately upon a stump . nearby , aragog 's massive body lie leg up . slughorn be that a actual acromantula ? harry a dead one , I think , sir . new angle - second later Harry and slughorn approach a sullen hagrid . ( continued ) 113 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 108. continued : 113 hagrid ' arry . ' orace . slughorn my god , dear man . how do you ever manage to kill it ? hagrid kill ‘im ! I oldest friend , 'o be ! slughorn I be sorry , I ... ( do not realize . ) slughorn falter helplessly . hagrid wave he hand . hagrid ah , don 's worry yerself . yer not alone . seriously misunderstand creature -- spider . it 's the eye , I reckon . unnerve people . harry not to mention the pincer . Harry make a little claw motion with he hand , while make a clicking sound . hagrid eye Harry curiously . hagrid I reckon that too ... how have yeh get outta the castle anyways ? harry through the front door . slughorn hagrid . I would not want to be indelicate , but acromantula venom be uncommonly rare and , well , if you would not mind my extract a vial or two -- purely for academic pursuit ... hagrid Don 's suppose it 's doin 's ' im any good , izzit ? slughorn my thought exactly ! always carry a few spare ampoule for just such occasion . Old potion master 's habit , you know ... ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 108a . 113 continued : ( 2 ) 113 slughorn rummages about he pocket , extract some SMALL vial -- all empty save for one contain a hairy worm -- then scramble up close to aragog . Harry and hagrid watch . hagrid wish yeh coulda see ' im in ' be prime . magnificent 'o be . jus 's magnificent ... hagrid blink wildly , then take out a handkerchief and snort loudly into it . slughorn look up , study hagrid 's sorry expression with empathy and step away . slughorn why do not I say a few word ? I trust he have family ? harry oh yeah . slughorn ( clear he throat ) farewell ... slughorn frown . hagrid aragog . slughorn ( a nod ) farewell , aragog , king of arachnid . though you body will decay , you spirit linger on in the quiet , web -spun place of you Forest home . May you many - eye descendent ever flourish and you human friend find solace for the loss they have sustained . hagrid tha’ be ... tha’ be ... beautiful . hagrid wipe he eye , then rise . he walk to aragog , study he lovingly , then put a shoulder to the big beast 's body ... and send he tumble into the freshly - dig grave adjacent with a sickening thunk . hagrid / slughorn ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) and odo the hero , they bore he back home ... 114 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 109 . int . hagrid 's hut - night ( hour later ) 114 Harry , hagrid and slughorn sit at the massive kitchen table , which be strewn with empty wine bottle . hagrid and slughorn be feel no pain , while Harry look clear - eye , focus . hagrid / slughorn to the place he would know as a lad , they laid he to rest with he hat inside out and he wand snap in two , which be sad ... as they finish , both man chuckle . hagrid top off everyone 's mug with a bit more wine . Harry bring he mug to he lap ... then slyly pour it into the bucket at he foot . hagrid I have ' im from a egg , yeh know . tiny little thing he be when he hatched . no bigger 'o a pekinese . slughorn sweet . I once have a fish . Francis . Lovely little thing . one day I come downstairs and he have vanish . poof . hagrid tha 's odd . slughorn be not it ? that 's life , I suppose . one go along and then ... poof . hagrid poof. harry poof . they all nod soberly . slughorn 's eye rise to the ceiling . slughorn that 's never unicorn hair , hagrid ? hagrid look up , reel a bit . nod . slughorn but my dear chap , do you know how much that 's worth ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 110 . 114 continued : 114 hagrid no idea ... no idea at all ... thunk ! hagrid 's great shaggy head hit the table . instantly , he be snoring , so deeply he mug shimmy across the table . slughorn smile , regards Harry , who merely stare back . slughorn avert he eye . suddenly nervous . a wind rise outside . Windowpane rattle . slughorn it be a student who give I Francis . one spring afternoon I discover a bowl upon my desk with a few inch of clear water . there be a flower petal float upon the surface . as I watch , the petal sink , but just before it touch bottom ... it transformed . into a wee fish . it be beautiful magic , wondrous to behold . the petal have come from a lily . hear '' lily , '' Harry look up . slughorn nod . slughorn you mother . the day I come downstairs , the day I find the bowl empty ... be the day she ... slughorn falter , pain etching he face . slughorn I know what you want . but I can not give it to you . it will ruin I ... Harry study slughorn a moment , think , then speak . harry do you know why I survive ? the night I get this . slughorn look up , see Harry point to he scar . harry because of she . because she sacrifice herself . because she refuse to step aside . because she love be more powerful than voldemort . slughorn please do not say he -- ( continued ) 114 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 111. continued : ( 2 ) 114 harry I be not afraid of the name , Professor . and I be not afraid of he . and you should not be either . she do not just die for I that night . she die for you too . she die for everyone who 's ever wake in the middle of the night afraid a death eater wait on they doorstep . slughorn gaze into the gutter candle before he . harry Professor . I be go to tell you something , something other have only guess at . it 's true . I be the chosen one . slughorn look up . Harry nod . slughorn 's harry only I can kill he . but in order to do so , I need to know what Tom riddle ask you that night in you office all that year ago . and I need to know what you tell he . eye well with tear , he hand tremble . harry be brave , Professor . be brave like my mother . otherwise you disgrace she . otherwise she die for nothing . otherwise , the bowl remain empty forever . slughorn shake he head , stare into the candle . finally , 's lowly , he remove he wand . slughorn do not think too badly of I once you have see it . you do not know what he be like ... even then . slughorn fish out a tiny vial -- the one with the worm -- but he hand be shaking so violently , Harry have to take it . slowly , slughorn raise he wand , touch it to he temple and withdraw a long , silver thread . Harry extend the vial and ... it drop within . 115 116 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 112. int . dumbledore 's office - night 115 dumbledore hold the vial in wonderment . the worm hang in eerie suspension . dumbledore how be he ? Horace ? Harry shrug . dumbledore nod , then tip he hand . a long strand hang suspend like glass . a pearl form ... and as it hang ... Harry 's eye shift , notice a drawing on dumbledore 's desk , one of Tom riddle 's drawing see at the orphanage , of the cave and the distinct outcropping . then ... the pearl drop . flashback - int . slughorn 's office - night ( year past ) 116 as before . the crackling ember of the FIRE . slughorn , a circle of six . riddle commanding the room . tom riddle Sir , be it true that Professor merrythought be retire ? slughorn chuckle , wag a sugar- encrust finger at riddle . slughorn now , Tom , I could not tell you if I know , could I ? I must say , m’boy , I have like to know where you get you information . more knowledgeable than half the staff , you be . ( as the other boy laugh ) by the way , thank you for the pineapple -- you be quite right , it be my favorite -- how be it you know ? tom riddle intuition . slughorn ( a uneasy chuckle ) good gracious , be it that time already ? off you go , boy , or Professor dippett will have we all in detention . lestrange , avery , do not forget you essay ... the other exit , when -- ping ! -- slughorn turn , eye the hourglass , find Tom riddle still there . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 113. 116 continued : 116 slughorn look sharp , Tom . you do not want to be catch out of bed after hour ... tom riddle I know a secret shortcut or two . slughorn yes , I imagine you do . something on you mind , Tom ? tom riddle yes , sir . I could not think of anyone else to go to . the other Professors , well , they be not like you . they might ... misunderstand . slughorn go on . tom riddle I be in the library the other night , in the restricted section , and I read something rather odd , about a bit of rare magic and I think perhaps you could illuminate I . it 's call , as I understand it ... a horcrux . slughorn 's weak smile evaporate altogether . slughorn Excuse I ? tom riddle horcrux . I come across the term while read and I do not fully understand it . slughorn I be not sure what you be read , Tom , but that 's very Dark stuff , very Dark indeed . tom riddle yes , sir . which be why I come to you . I mean no disrespect to the rest of the staff , but I think if anyone could tell I ... it would be you . slughorn frown , clearly disturb , then speak quietly . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 114. 116 continued : ( 2 ) 116 slughorn a horcrux be a object in which a person have conceal part of they soul . tom riddle yes , I think it might be something like that . but I do not understand how that work , sir . slughorn one split one 's soul and hide part of it in a object . by do so , you be protect should you be attack and you body destroy . tom riddle protected ? slughorn that part of you soul that be hide , life on . in other word , you cannot die . riddle nod and turn away , stare at himself in the mirror on the wall opposite . a hint of red glint in he eye . tom riddle how do one split he soul , sir ? slughorn I think you can guess the answer to that , Tom . tom riddle murder . slughorn yes . killing rip the soul apart . it be a violation against nature . after , one be never the same . tom riddle out of curiosity , sir -- can you only split you soul once ? for instance , be not seven the most powerfully magical number -- slughorn Seven ! merlin 's beard , Tom ! be not it bad enough to think of kill one person ? to rip the soul into seven piece ... ( more ) ( continued ) 116 117 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 115. continued : ( 3 ) 116 slughorn ( cont 'd ) ( stop ; worried ) this be all hypothetical , be not it , Tom ? all academic ... tom riddle of course , sir . and I promise I ’1ll not speak of we conversation . it ’1ll be we little secret ... riddle reach out then and pinch the flame of a candle , kill it . as smoke rise , we -- dissolve into : int . dumbledore 's office - same time - night ( present ) 117 «+. the surface of the pensieve , where riddle quiver . we rack focus and dumbledore 's troubled face bleed through riddle 's . harry Sir -- dumbledore hold up he withere hand , silencing he , turn away . Harry study he , wait , the hush palpable . dumbledore ( haunt ) this be beyond anything I imagine . in my life I have see thing that be unimaginably horrific . I know now ... you will see worse . dumbledore look off , he eye distant . Harry watch he intently , as do the headmaster in they frame above . finally , tentatively , Harry speak . harry do you mean to say he succeed , sir ? in make a horcrux ? dumbledore oh he succeed . and not just once . think , Harry . he 's just tell we . harry Seven . he make seven -- the most powerfully magical number . but ... what be they exactly ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 117 continued : dumbledore they can be anything . the most commonplace of object . a ring , for example . or a book ... 116 . 117 dumbledore slide open a drawer , remove the ring and Tom riddle 's batter diary . harry Tom riddle 's diary -- dumbledore it 's a horcrux , yes . four year ago , when you save Ginny weasley 's life in the chamber of secret , when you bring I this -- ( hold up the diary ) I know . this be a different kind of magic . very dark . very powerful . but until tonight , I have no idea just how powerful ... harry and the ring ...? dumbledore belong to voldemort 's mother . it be difficult to find and ... ( raise he damage hand ) ++. even more difficult to destroy . harry but if you could find they all . if you do destroy each horcrux ... dumbledore one destroy voldemort . Harry begin to reach out for the ring ... harry but how would you find they ? they could be hide anywhere , could not they ... dumbledore true . but magic , especially Dark magic ... ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 117 . continued : ( 2 ) 117 just then , as the flash of Harry 's finger make contact with the ring , image flash by in dizzying succession : voldemort 's face , twisted in pain . a derelict house , deep in a haunt clear . a ancient cup , gleam as it tumble from a old woman 's hand . a snake ( nagini ) slithering through damp grass . dumbledore slip the ring onto he finger , recoil as he skin decay ... dumbledore ... leave trace . Harry 's clench hand spasm , release . the ring skitter across dumbledore 's desk and Harry bring a hand to he chest , a look of bewilderment on he face . dumbledore watch the ring spin down , then glance at Harry and slowly extend he own hand , lightly touch the center of Harry 's chest with the tip of ashen finger , as if read braille , as if he can somehow '' see '' into Harry 's heart . trepidation -- and recognition -- flicker over he face . harry it 's where you have be go , be not it , sir ? when you leave the school . Harry 's eye drift once again to the postcard on the desk . dumbledore withdraw he hand , nodd , still study Harry oddly , he voice , when it come , distant . dumbledore yes . and I think ... perhaps ... I may have find another . but this time I can not hope to destroy it alone . Harry peer into dumbledore 's eye . dumbledore nod . dumbledore once again , I shall ask too much of you . int . / ext . gargoyle corridor - late day 118 Harry stand at a window , look out . he bring he finger to he chest again when ... hermione come up behind he . hermione Harry . it 's time . harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 118. 119 int . / ext . courtyard - late day ( moment later ) 119 Harry , hermione and ron walk . harry hermione , be the room of requirement unplottable ? hermione if one want it to be . why ? harry it would explain why I think malfoy be leave the castle when he disappear off the map . harry he be go to the room of requirement . hermione of course , and that explain the vanish cabinet as well ! ron no . I get a owl from dad this morning . the one at borgin & burke 's ? it 's still there . harry but I be tell you . I see it -- just then , the twin appear , pass . Harry watch they , a think form . harry what if there be two ? vanish cabinet . hermione what if there be ? harry I do not know ... Harry watch the twin vanish around a corner . ron good luck , mate . Harry turn back to ron and hermione , neither able to fully conceal heir concern . he smile reassuringly , continue on . ( continued ) 119 120 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 119 . continued : 119 harry I do not need luck . I x11 be with dumbledore . ext . astronomy tower - dying light ( later ) 120 as Harry trot up the spiraling exterior stair , he hear voice come from the topmost level and pause , peer up through the grid-like floor above : dumbledore and snape . snape have you ever consider that you ask too much ? that you take too much for grant ? have it ever cross you brilliant mind that I do not want to do this anymore ? dumbledore whether it have or have not be irrelevant . I will not negotiate this with you , severus . you agree . there 's nothing more to discuss . Harry stand poise , peer upward , where dumbledore squint toward the die sun and snape glare at he back . finally , snape turn away and -- before Harry can react -- be descend the stair . see Harry , snape falter briefly , then continue on without a word . as he footstep fade , Harry ascend to the upper tier . dumbledore turn . smile . dumbledore Harry . you need a shave , my friend . Harry run he hand over he face . dumbledore at time I forget how much you have grow . at time I still see the small boy from the cupboard . ( smile ) forgive my mawkishness , Harry . I be a old man . harry you look the same to I , sir . dumbledore like you mother , you be unfailingly kind . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 120. 120 continued : 120 dumbledore ( cont 'd ) a trait people never fail to undervalue . I be afraid . dumbledore turn then , eye the fiery sky again . dumbledore the place to which we journey tonight be exceedingly dangerous , Harry . I promise that you could accompany I and I stand by that promise . but there be a condition : you must obey any command I give you -- without question . harry yes , sir . dumbledore understand what I be say . should I tell you to hide , you must hide . Harry nod . dumbledore should I tell you to run , you will run . Harry nod . dumbledore and should I tell you to abandon I and save yourself ... Harry 's eye rise , meet dumbledore 's . dumbledore you will do so . Harry hesitates . dumbledore you word , Harry . Harry debate this internally , then , finally , nod . harry my word . dumbledore take my arm . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 120a . 120 continued : ( 2 ) 120 harry Sir , I think one could not apparate within hogwart . dumbledore be I have its privilege . the wind gust and Harry reach out . dumbledore 's cloak billow and we be tossed into ... 121 ext . ocean - dusk ( moment later ) 121 black . undulating . the sound of wave . we ease up , out of the ocean . a giant wave crash over a jag outcropping . as the spray clear ... dumbledore and Harry be reveal . dumbledore eye the towering cliff face opposite , the cave . harry it 's there , be not it ? 122 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 121. ext . cave - same time - dusk 122 Harry and dumbledore materialize . it be quiet here , eerily so , the wave merely distant thunder . as Harry glance about , dumbledore move to a archway , pass beyond . Harry follow , find dumbledore stand below a tower dome of rock , probing its mystery with the light from he wand . dumbledore this be the place . oh yes , this place have know magic . ( close he eye ) where you stand , Harry , Tom riddle once stand many , many year ago , when he be but a poor orphan boy with a penchant for cruelty ... dumbledore 's wand stop briefly in its arc and he face register pain , as if detect some past unpleasantry . he begin to trace he finger over the surface of the rock . dumbledore one wintry afternoon , he lure two young classmate to this cave . what happen be unclear . but this much be know : the child be damage . dumbledore begin to murmur in a strange whisper as he finger play over the rock ... then stop . his eye open . he take a dagger from he robe and draw the blade across he forearm , speckling the rock face with scarlet bead . harry Sir ! the rock face sizzle like acid and begin to crumble , form a narrow open . dumbledore in order to gain passage , payment must be make , payment intend to weaken any intruder . harry you should have let I , sir . dumbledore oh , no , Harry . you blood be much more precious than mine . 123 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 122. ext . archway / underground lake - night ( moment later ) 123 dumbledore and Harry emerge onto the rim of a vast lake teeming with mist . a chill hang in the air . dumbledore careful . the water . Harry peer into the lake . it be black as ink . new angle - moment later Harry follow dumbledore around the rim of the lake . in the center , a greenish glow shimmer in the mist . dumbledore it 's there . the only question be how do we get to it ? harry we could not , perhaps , just try a summon charm , sir ? dumbledore smile , motion : be my guest . Harry lift he wand . harry accio horcrux ! there be a explosion and something pale erupt out of the water . Harry nearly shed he skin . dumbledore calmly watch it vanish beneath the surface . dumbledore perhaps not . new angle - moment later dumbledore lead Harry on . stop . take a step back . he close he eye and to Harry 's horror walk right to the lake 's edge . as the dark water lap over the toe of he shoe , dumbledore pass he hand slowly through the air , then close it ... as if grip something invisible . take he wand , he give he clenched fist a tap and a thick coppery - green chain appear out of thin air , extend from the water to dumbledore 's hand . dumbledore if you would , Harry ... quickly Harry grasp the end of the chain and together he and dumbledore pull , end over end , until the prow of a SMALL boat pierce the surface , green with alga . ( continued ) 123 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 123. continued : 123 new angle - moment later in eerie silence , the boat cleave the water , ferry Harry and dumbledore toward the greenish glow . harry Sir ... have you ever take Felix felicis ? dumbledore only recreationally . you see , I believe one create one 's own luck . Harry look down into the water , watch a face skim by beneath the surface . harry Professor ... there be body in this lake . dumbledore yes . new angle ( SMALL island ) - moment later here the greenish glow be ferocious . as the boat arrive , dumbledore step out . dumbledore remember ... the water . Harry nod , step out carefully and join dumbledore at the source of the glow -- a basin fill with a phosphorescent liquid . dumbledore extend the tip of he blacken finger toward the basin , but cannot touch the liquid . harry do you think the horcrux be in there , sir ? dumbledore oh yes . dumbledore step back , ponder the basin . Notes the crystal goblet sit beside it . smile ruefully . dumbledore it have to be drunk . ( as Harry react ) you remember the condition on which I bring you with I ? ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 124. 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 Harry start to respond . stops. nod . dumbledore this potion might paralyze I . it might cause I to forget why I be here . it might create so much pain I beg for relief . you be not to indulge this request , Harry . it be you job to make sure I keep drink this potion even if you have to force it down my throat . understood ? harry why can not I drink it , sir ? dumbledore because I be much older , much cleverer ... and much less valuable . ( take the goblet ) you good health , Harry . dumbledore dip the goblet into the gleam liquid and bring it to he lip . drink deep . close he eye . harry Professor ? dumbledore shake he head , silencing Harry , then dip the goblet once more . twice more he drink . his hand trembles and he grip the side of the basin . harry Professor ? can you hear I ? dumbledore say nothing . the corner of he eye twitch . his hand trembles , savagely this time , and he nearly drop the goblet . Harry reach out , steady he hand . dumbledore do not ... do not make I ... Harry eye dumbledore 's anguish face , steel himself . harry you ... you can not stop , Professor . you have get to keep drink . like you say . remember . dumbledore nooooooo ! !! ( continued ) 123 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 125 . continued : ( 3 ) 123 Harry stagger back , so primal be dumbledore 's plea . dumbledore 's arm go slack , the goblet clanging dully against the side of the basin . Harry take a breath , step forward , place he hand over dumbledore 's , lift the cup . dumbledore make it stop ... please ... make it stop ... harry it will , sir . it will stop . but only if you drink ... Harry , he own hand trembling now , tip the goblet over dumbledore 's lip . dumbledore my fault . it 's all my fault ... Harry bring the goblet up once more . dumbledore drink . dumbledore too much ... I can not ... take it ... I want ... to die ... kill ... kill I ... kill I , harry ! harry what ? dumbledore you word , Harry ! you word ! harry no ... dumbledore kill I ! it's the only way ! Harry stand paralyze , unsure what to do . then ... dumbledore collapse , roll onto he back . Harry pelt forward , dip the goblet into the basin and kneel by dumbledore . harry one more . just one more . and then -- I promise ... I x11 do what you say . dumbledore , jaw clinch shut , eye Harry . harry I promise . ( continued ) 123 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 126. continued : ( 4 ) 123 dumbledore 's jaw relax and Harry pries open he mouth , tip the liquid down he throat . pain ripple through dumbledore 's face . he try to speak , Harry eyeing he with trepidation , fearful of what he will request . again and again dumbledore struggle and then ... he eye ... open . find Harry . dumbledore Water . a shudder of relief go through Harry . grinning , he leap to the basin . a golden locket now lie at the bottom . Harry snatch it up . dumbledore Water ... harry aguamenti . instantly cold clear water rise in the basin . harry you do it , sir . look -- Harry frown . the goblet be empty . dumbledore Water ! Harry dip the goblet into the basin yet again , bring it to dumbledore 's lip ... but once again find it empty . dumbledore try to speak , but he lip be cracking , he tongue like sand . he gulp drily for air . harry I be try , sir . I be -- Harry stop . all be silent ... except for the soft lapping of the lake . he consider the ghostly shape glide just below the surface . decide , he dip the goblet into the dark water . instantly , the lake begin to churn . Harry back away , the goblet sloshing in he hand . face , pale and haunt , quiver in the roiling water . Harry tip the water into dumbledore 's mouth . dumbledore blink . his tongue probe he lower lip . Harry return to the water 's edge , hesitates , then plunge the goblet into water once more . instantly , a slimy white hand snag he wrist and Harry be pull under . the goblet bob on the surface . ( continued ) 123 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 127 . continued : ( 5 ) 123 new angle - underwater utterly silent . Harry twist madly as hand reach for he , turn he this way and that . haunted face float by . new angle - the surface Harry break the surface , gasping for air , blink , catch a glimpse of dumbledore slump against the basin as he be ... new angle - underwater «+. pull underwater once again , into the eerie silence of flail arm . he shake free again and again , but there be too many hand , too many haunt face . we stay under a very long time , feel he lung burn . his eye lose they focus , turn blank . bubbles trail out of he mouth as he face go slack . he sink deeper , in free fall , take one last look at the shimmering surface above , the last thing he will see ... when a shadow shiver briefly and ... «+. the surface sizzle with red light , like blood , then become transparent , revealing dumbledore , wand point directly at the water . new angle - the surface Harry break the surface , spitting up water , gasping for AIR . dumbledore stagger , slump once more against the basin , weaken by he effort . Harry scramble up , steady he and the lake explode with FIRE . Harry wheel , watch the body in the lake twist in pain . dumbledore go ... Harry turn , confuse . dumbledore 's hand find he face . dumbledore we have to ... go . Harry glance to the boat . flame lick the prow , darken the wood , but do not destroy it . he nod . 124 125 126 127 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 128. ext . cave - entrance 124 Harry and dumbledore emerge from the cave . dumbledore , pale and weak , scan the star wearily , lean heavily on Harry . harry do not worry , sir . we be nearly there . dumbledore I be not worried , Harry . I be with you . a choir in full voice rise on the AIR and we -- CUT to : int . great hall - same time - night 125 we hold on the gothic glass of the main window . ambient light , ominous and cool , play across its shimmer surface . flitwick , arm flow gracefully , conduct a group of fifth year , look up toward the window , eye the pulsate light . ext . courtyard - same time - night 126 mcgonagall stand in the courtyard as the choir drift faintly on the night air . she glance up to the sky , a curious expression on she face , then spy a pair of first year straggling across the courtyard . professor mcgonagall to you house . no dawdle . as they scuttle off , mcgonagall look back to the sky . a vortex of cloud swirl eerily in on itself . we pull back ... int . castle - window - same time - night 127 ++. out of a window , its glass prickle with ambient light , and find snape stand silently , stare at the gather storm , he expression inscrutable . the choir a murmur . harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 129 . 128 int . common room - same time - night 128 darker than usual . the fire mute . ron and hermione sit together . Silent . glance toward the window , the sky beyond . 129 int . hospital wing - same time - night 129 draco 's face , skin glimmer with the light crawl across the ceiling above he . he stare , unblink , swing out of the bed . bare foot -- draco 's -- drop to the tile . 130 int . corridor - night ( moment later ) 130 the choir echoe eerily . sixth year , little more than shadow , hang out , giggle in dark corner . malfoy glide by in he bare foot . unnotice . a ghost . 131 int . room of requirement —- night ( moment later ) 131 dense with shadow . strange slashes of light . malfoy , a shadow within shadow , pull the tapestry from the vanish cabinet , step back ... he stare at the monolith before he , lift he wand and begin to chant eerily . the surface of the cabinet glimmer , atremble in the ambient light . almost alive . then he stop . look back , he eye haunt , he slip away . Light play within the cabinet . Movement . shadows flicker within , coalesce . we ease up , reveal ... bellatrix . greyback . and a few friend . bellatrix step into the light . glance around . Grins. 132 ext . astronomy tower - night ( moment later ) 132 Harry and dumbledore materialize on the rooftop . dumbledore glance above , note the cloud . harry we need to get you up to the hospital , sir , to madam pomfrey -- dumbledore no. severus ... severus be who I need ... go and wake he ... tell he what have happen ... ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 130 . 132 continued : 132 dumbledore ( cont 'd ) speak to no one else ... I ... shall wait here ... harry all right . okay . Harry gently disengage from dumbledore , leave he lean against the rampart . he dash to the stairwell door and , glance back , see dumbledore muttering wearily as he gesticulate with he blacken hand . harry Sir , be you ... praying ? dumbledore ( smile faintly ) no , Harry . I do not pray . I be merely close a window -- the one that have allow we to apparate . Harry nod , begin to open the door , when footstep sound . draw he wand . dumbledore cock he head , listen . wincing , he straighten up , as if to mask he infirmity . dumbledore hide yourself below . and do not speak or show yourself without my permission . no matter what . Harry look down , through the latticework at he foot , to the tier below . the footstep draw closer . dumbledore do as I say , Harry . Harry hesitates . dumbledore 's eye blaze ... dumbledore trust I . Harry meet dumbledore 's eye , then pocket he wand and slip down the stair . as he reach the level below , the door above fly OPEN . Harry peer up through the grid , watch malfoy come into view . dumbledore good evening , draco . what bring you out on such a fine spring evening ? or be it summer ? draco stand poise , wand in hand , eye darting about . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 131. continued : ( 2 ) 132 malfoy who else be here ? I hear you talk . dumbledore I often talk aloud to myself . I find it extraordinarily useful . that which sound sane at a whisper can seem utterly mad when say for all the world to hear . have not be whisper to yourself , have you , draco ? draco eye dumbledore with unease . dumbledore you be not a assassin , draco . malfoy how do you know what I be ? I have do thing that would shock you . dumbledore like cursing Katie Bell and hope she would , in turn , bear a curse necklace to I ? like replace a bottle of mead with one lace with poison . forgive I , draco , but this be attempt so feeble I can not help but question if you heart have be really in they . I be curious . when voldemort give you this task , when he ask you to kill I , be it in a whisper ? malfoy he trust I ! I be choose ! malfoy thrust out he arm , pull back he sleeve and reveal the dark MARK . dumbledore barely look at it . dumbledore then I shall make it easy for you . slowly and without intent , dumbledore draw he wand . instantly malfoy raise he own . malfoy expelliarumus ! Harry watch in horror as dumbledore 's wand fly free , clatter across the grid above . malfoy watch it roll to a stop , a curious mixture of fear and awe at he own action . dumbledore eye the wand , then draco . ( continued ) + % +e harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 131a . 132 continued : ( 3 ) 132 dumbledore well do , draco . but I warn you . killing be not nearly as easy . ( continued ) 132 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 132. continued : ( 4 ) 132 malfoy look into dumbledore 's eye , then to the sky , at the gather cloud , twist darkly , then glance to the stairwell . dumbledore notice . dumbledore you be not alone . be you . there be other . how ? a sneering smile play over malfoy 's lip . malfoy the vanish cabinet in the room of requirement . dumbledore that cabinet have be break for year . malfoy I have be mend it . dumbledore ingenious . let I guess . it have a sister . a twin . malfoy in borgin & burk . they form -- dumbledore a passage , yes . very good . ( eye shifting ) I once know a boy year ago who make all the wrong choice . let I help you , draco . malfoy I do not want you help ! do not you see ! I have to do it ! I have to ! ( in a whisper ) I have get to kill you or he ’1ll kill I . dumbledore say that again , draco . but aloud this time . draco look deep into dumbledore 's eye . his hand tremble . transfix , Harry watch from the shadow . slowly , malfoy begin to lower he wand ... when footstep echo . the door fly OPEN : bellatrix , greyback and the other . bellatrix well now , look what we have here . dumbledore . wandless and alone . ( more ) ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 133 . continued : ( 5 ) 132 bellatrix ( cont 'd ) cornere in he own castle . well do , draco . Harry peer up , eye flash angrily at the sound of bellatrix 's voice . he draw he wand slowly . dumbledore good evening , bellatrix . I think introduction be in order . bellatrix Love to , albus . but I be afraid we be on a bit of a tight schedule . ( to malfoy ) do it . malfoy 's wand rise once again . Harry raise he own , aim through the grid , poise . just then , a shadow splinter through the column to he right . he look , find snape , quiet as a ghost , peer upward . carefully , snape draw he wand , then turn to Harry , a finger to he lip : shhh . then he be drift upward . Silent . a ghost again . greyback he do not have the stomach . like he father . let I finish he . in my own way . bellatrix no ! the Dark Lord be clear . the boy 's to do it . go on , draco . now ! once again draco raise he wand , he hand tremble . Harry 's own arm be stiff , sure . the vein in he hand pulsate ... snape ( 0.s. ) no. Harry watch snape come into view . dumbledore severus ... bellatrix well , look who 's here . hogwart own Defense against the Dark Arts teacher . come to see the slaughter ? dumbledore severus ... please . ( continued ) 132 132a 132b harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 134. continued : ( 6 ) 132 snape I give my word . I make a vow ... Harry 's eye dart back and forth frantically , try to make sense of the scene play out above . snape 's arm rise . snape avada kedavra ! a jet of GREEN light hit dumbledore squarely in the chest . for a second he hang , suspend upon the rampart , and then ... the night swallow he . harry scream in rage . bellatrix raise she wand to the sky and a deafening blast shake the castle , mask Harry 's cry . the cloud explode with grim light , mutate into a skull . as the death eater flee , snape 's arm drop limply to he side . snape you can no longer stay here . draco , stunne , stare at the empty place where dumbledore stand only second before . snape take he by the scruff of the neck , force he through the door , then follow . Harry scramble up the stair and lurch to the rampart , bathed in the GREEN light from above . he peer down . agony wreck Harry 's face and he have to steady himself . he look up into the leer skull above . rage fill he eye . ext . astronomy tower - same time - night 132a snape lead malfoy and bellatrix down the spiraling staircase . int . slughorn 's corridor - night 132b snape lead on , he face a mask as he round a corner . student in pajamas and robe peer at the emerald sky , then turn , stare curiously at they teacher and he companion . snape sweep past wordlessly . draco avert he eye . bellatrix leer at a tiny first year , lean close : bellatrix boo. 132c 132d 132e 132f 132g 132h harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 134a . int . outside great hall - night 132c hear footstep , a auror turn , be blasted off he foot as snape and the other appear . bellatrix lag , then step to the towering door of the Hall , peer upward , past the floating candle to the vault ceiling , solemn as a church . raising she wand , she send a fiery bolt toward the grand window opposite . as it explode , a blast of cold AIR sweep the room , extinguishing the candle . snape turn , look back . bellatrix simply grins , a mad child . int . corridor - same time - night 132d as bellatrix 's blast echoes , ron and hermione -- racing side by side in they regular clothes -- glance at one another , dash on . ext . castle - same time - night 132e filch , on guard , look up , watch shard of glass spill from the window like jewel , stand transfix as the fragment lash he face , draw blood . int . corridor - same time - night 132f Harry race on , glance out a window and see snape and the other racing across a lower courtyard . ext . lower courtyard - same time - night 132g malfoy slow , glance upward , watch the student come to the window and peer out at the emerald sky . they look like ghost in they nightclothes . bellatrix draco ! draco ! ( as he turn ) they 's 11 kill you if you stay . int . corridor - same time - night 132h hermione and ron push through the other student , who be confuse , cry . mcgonagall appear , meet ron and hermione 's glance , continue on . 1321 133 134 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 134b . ext . hagrid 's hut / ground - same time - night 1321 quiet here . a view toward the castle . we hold . slowly figure appear on the horizon . the death eater . greyback . bellatrix , draco . and snape . ext . hogwart castle - night 133 Harry burst through the entrance door , wand in hand . before he , the grounds shimmer eerily in the GREEN glow . he see the figure fleeing towards hagrid 's Hut . ext . hagrid 's hut / ground - same time - night 134 snape and the other race toward the edge of the grounds . suddenly , snape pull up , look back . see Harry sprinting toward he . malfoy , look edgy , be watch Harry too . snape go on ! ( continued ) 134 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 135. continued : 134 just then a giant fireball erupt into the sky . snape wheel , see bellatrix and the other silhouett against the flame . they have set hagrid 's Hut ablaze . malfoy stand paralyze . snape go on ! new angle - harry running . Harry bolt forth , wand in hand , vengeance in he eye . up ahead , snape stand stolidly , tall and black against the raging fire . Harry point he wand , fire a jet of red light . snape do not move , merely let it streak by he head . Harry stop , chest heaving , and take aim again . harry cruciatus ! snape raise he wand , parry the curse with ease . harry incacerata ! once again , snape deflect the spell . harry impedimenta ! another lazy flick of the arm , another curse defeat . Harry drop he arm in frustration . harry fight ! fight back , you coward ! with staggering quickness , snape 's wand whip forth and Harry be off he heel and crash to the earth . snape do not ever associate that word and my name again . Harry raise himself up on one knee , point he wand when ... a jet of red light send he crash back into the grass . snape wheel , see bellatrix stand behind . snape no ! he belong to the Dark Lord ! bellatrix eye snape levelly , then turn , trot off . snape glance at Harry , then turn away himself , walk . Harry grimace , pull himself to he foot and aim one last time . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 136 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 harry sectumsempra ! bang ! snape wheel and once more send Harry fly onto he back . Harry stare at the star as they wheel over he , when snape come into view . snape you dare use my own spell against I , Potter ? Harry go still . his eye shift , meet snape 's . snape you may have get you mother 's eye , but you be as dim as you father . yes . it 's I . I be the half -blood Prince . snape kick Harry 's wand aside and turn away , join malfoy and the other where they wait beyond the flame ruin of hagrid 's Hut . they head for the darkness of the treeline . and vanish . Harry pound he fist into the ground , then stop . harry hagrid ... hagrid ! Harry race toward the hut when the door fly off its hinge . second later , hagrid stumble out , beard smoking . harry hagrid ! you alright ? hagrid take more 'o tha’ ter finish I off . not sure about I ' ouse , though 's . but if anybody can put it righ 's , dumbledore can . harry hagrid , dumbledore -- hagrid only thing I can not reckon be wha’ snape be doin’ with tha’ lot . hagrid turn then , see the huge throng of student and staff assemble outside the castle . ( continued ) 134 135 136 136 a 137 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 137 . continued : ( 3 ) 134 hagrid an’ wha 's this wi’ the Dark Mar 's ? who 's be kill ? ( stop ) where 's dumbledore , ‘arry ? where 's dumbledore ! ! Harry try to speak , but he be mute . hagrid go still . ext . hogwart castle - middle courtyard - night 135 ron , hermione and Ginny stand with the staff . they turn and watch the throng of student part for Harry and hagrid . hagrid stop short , shattered by what he see . Harry push on , kneel . dumbledore 's eye be close , he face peaceful . Harry straighten he half - moon spectacle , wipe a trickle of blood from he mouth . run the back of he hand , gently , over the weathered cheek . then he notice something lie beside dumbledore 's ashen hand : the locket . he take it , consider it numbly . then begin to cry , great shudder of grief wrack he body . hermione give Ginny a nudge and she step forward , drop beside he . at she touch , he head fall on she shoulder and she begin to stroke he . ron look on . understand all . mcgonagall lift a tremble wand to the sky and slowly the tip glow to life . one after another , student and staff do the same , lift they wand in salute . as camera rise , the pinprick coalesce into one blazing FIRE . the sky , briefly emerald , turn black once more . the Dark Mark vanish . ext . hogwart castle - day 136 the castle sit silent . black banner fly on the parapet . ext . bridge - day 136a Silent . desolate . int . great hall - day 137 dumbledore 's chair -- empty . the House table -- empty . harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 137a . 138 int . corridor - day 138 a tapestry toss lightly in the breeze . the perch in the empty birdcage sway , squeaking gently . 139 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 138. int . dumbledore 's office - day 139 quiet . still . empty . then : the door ease OPEN and Harry enter . for a moment , he simply stand stare . take inventory . spy something , he cross to the great desk opposite . look down . dumbledore 's wand . reaching out , Harry take it in hand . Old , oft -use and bear the impression of its owner 's finger , it be a strangely beautiful object . Harry trace he thumb lightly over the wood , transfix , when ... .«.. mcgonagall enter . professor mcgonagall Potter . he do not respond , lose in the wand . mcgonagall 's eye drift to it , briefly , then study Harry 's face . she frown , try to call forth some word . professor mcgonagall Potter , in light of what 's happen ... should you feel the need to talk to someone ... she falter . Harry gently set the wand back upon the desk , retrace he step to the door , pause for one last look . professor mcgonagall you should know ... Professor dumbledore ... Harry turn then , study she draw face , no word necessary . at a loss , she finish quietly : professor mcgonagall you mean a great deal to he . Harry 's eye rise . High upon the wall , the past headmasters snooze in they frame . the last look remarkably peaceful , the trace of a smile on he lip as he sleep . dumbledore . Harry nod , linger one last moment , and exit . + h fh + fff F fh HH + % + % +e 140 141 142 harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 138a . int . tower dormitory - day 140 Harry stand at the window , alone in the empty dormitory . at the doorway , he look back . as if commit it to memory . int . common room - day ( moment later ) 141 Harry start down the stair , stop . hermione , ron and Ginny sit talk quietly . Ginny look up . smile softly . ext . astronomy tower - day 142 Harry and hermione stand by the rampart while ron and Ginny stand further along , just out of earshot . Harry stare into the distance at the ash of hagrid 's Hut . hermione toy with the locket before they . hermione do you think he would have do it . draco ? harry no . he be lowering he wand . in the end , it be snape . it be always snape . and I do nothing ... hermione study Harry , take the locket from the rampart . hermione strange . think this be a piece of voldemort 's soul ... harry yeah , strange . only ... it 's not . it 's a fake . as hermione react , Harry nod . harry go on . open it . ( continued ) harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 139 . 142 continued : hermione pries open the locket and remove a parchment fold in a tight square . read : hermione ' to the Dark Lord . I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it be I who discover you secret . I have steal the real horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can . I face death in the hope that when you meet you match , you will be mortal once more . r.a.b . ' ( look up ) r.a.b .? harry dunno . but whoever they be , they have the real horcrux . which mean , it be a waste . all of it . hermione study Harry 's troubled face , then Ginny and ron. hermione ron 's okay with it , you know . you and Ginny . but if I be you , when he 's around , I have keep the snogging to a minimum . 142 piece of glance at hermione smile faintly , try to cheer he , but Harry merely nod , look away again . harry I be not come back , hermione . hermione nod . hermione we reckone -- ron and I . harry I have to finish what dumbledore start . I be not sure where that will lead I ... but I ’1l1 let you and ron konw where I be -- when I can . ( alt : I have to finish what dumbledore start . and ... I have to do it alone . ) hermione I have always admire you courage , Harry , but sometimes ... you be really thick . ( continued ) + % +e * + eh HH * + * harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 140. continued : ( 2 ) 142 Harry turn , look at she in surprise . hermione you do not honestly think you can find all that horcrux by yourself , do you ? ( lean in ; a whisper ) you need we , Harry . Harry just stare at she . she cock she head , smile , do she best to coax one out of he . finally , he do , briefly . harry yeah . I do . but do I a favor . when I be around ? keep the snogging to a minimum . hermione look stunne . redden . hermione like that 's go to happen . she glance at ron , shake she head . hermione besides , he 's bark . harry funny , he say the same about you . hermione yes , but I be exceptionally perceptive . harry you be brilliant . you both be . Harry look off again and hermione follow he gaze . she look out over the grounds . slowly lose herself . we can tell . she 's take inventory . press it into a scrapbook . hermione do you think we will ever ... ( come back ? ) she stop . her eye glisten briefly . then she fight it back . tough . Harry fight back he own emotion , reach over and give she hand a brief squeeze . then release she . ( continued ) a + % +e + fff + % + * harry potter ... half -blood prince - Rev. 11/6/07 141 . continued : ( 3 ) 142 harry I do not know . hermione nod and Harry 's eye shift , consider ron and Ginny . as if sense he gaze , ron turn and they exchange a look , something unspoken but true pass between they . just then a song rise on the air , mournful and haunt , and second later a bird soar out from beyond the tallest turret and begin to stitch its way across the sky . ron and Ginny cross to Harry and hermione , lean against the rampart . all look to the horizon , watch the bird grow smaller while its song -- magically -- endure . no one say a word . fade out . the end +h fh + %