window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app103.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=665;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com:80/emruf3/harvey.html " , " 20050105093127 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1104917487 " ) ; harvey harvey continuity & dialogue on " h a R V E y " star jame stewart with josephine hull peggy dow charle drake and cecil kellaway victoria horne jesse white william lynn wallace ford nana bryant grace mill clem bevan picture no . 1636 director - koster august 8 , 1950 no . description dialogue reel one 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 1 2 fade in - trademark word over revolve globe read universal International ... fade out 3 fade in - pictorial MAIN title universal - International present ... dissolves into harvey ... dissolves into star James Stewart ... dissolves into with josephine Hull Peggy Dow Charles drake ... dissolves into cecil kellaway Victoria horne jesse White William Lynn wallace Ford nana Bryant Grace Mills Clem bevan ... dissolves into from the pulitzer Prize play by Mary chase ... dissolves into screenplay by Mary chase oscar brodney ... dissolves into director of photography William Daniels a.s.c . ... dissolves into Art direction - Bernard herzbrun - Nathan juran Film editor ....... Ralph Dawson set decoration - Russell A. gausman - Julia heron sound - Leslie i. carey - Joe lapis gowns ............. orry Kelly Hair stylist ..... Joan St. oegger make - up ........... Bud westmore the stage play " harvey " be produce by Brock pemberton copyright mcmxl by universal picture company , inc . approved by mpaa certificate no. 14694 this picture made under jurisdiction of i. A. T. S. E. affiliated with american federation of labor western electric recording ... dissolves into Music Frank Skinner ... dissolves into produce by John beck ... dissolves into directed by Henry koster ... fade out 4 fade in - close up on name plate at bottom of hitching stand ( day ) Street number & name read - 348 dowd camera move up & pan to full shot ext . old - fashioned house - elwood come out onto front porch - he descend step & move down walk to gate in iron fence - he carry two overcoat & hat - he open gate & stand aside as he speak - start through ' gate after imaginary rabbit , ' harvey ' elwood - after you . 5 mo . full shot ext . house & walk elwood close gate as messenger boy ride on on bicycle & stop - talk - camera move in as boy get off bike & go to elwood - hand letter to elwood - elwood sign book - messenger exit - elwood tear letter in quarter & throw it down - camera move along with he as he start along street with harvey - boy - this three - forty-eight ? elwood - yes , it be . boy - I have get a special Delivery here . elwood - well , that sound interesting . boy - it 's for dowd . elwood - well , dowd 's my name . elwood P. boy - there you be , sir . elwood - let I - uh - give you one of my card . boy - oh , that will not be necessary , sir . just - uh - sign right here . elwood - uh-huh . boy - beautiful day . elwood - oh - uh - every day 's a beautiful day . boy - thank you . elwood - well , he be a nice man . come on . 6 close up ext . window veta Louise and myrtle mae look out from behind lace curtain - 7 mo close moving shot ext . STREET as elwood move along - step around harvey and continue toward b.g. 8 close shot ext . window veta & myrtle look out - drop curtain - 9 mo close shot to top of stair ( crane ) veta & myrtle clad in kimonos turn from window relieved - remove kimonos revealing party clothes as they talk - camera crane back & down stair as the two woman descend to hall - turn to miss Johnson b.g. - miss Johnson grim - remove uniform headdress - put on hat & coat - camera dolly after veta & myrtle as they cross to miss Johnson - miss Johnson hand card to veta - camera pan as miss Johnson rush to door b.g. & exit - camera pull forward before myrtle as she come forward in hall , exasperate - veta follow - scold - veta take both kimonos & start forward - veta - thank heaven ! he 's go . oh myrtle , it 's a wonderful feel to have you relative out of the house before the company come . myrtle - you be sure uncle elwood will not come back and spoil everything after the guest arrive ? veta - oh of course not , dear . you uncle always spend the afternoon down town at that filthy bar and tavern . you know that . I will go tell the cateress to get start . why , miss Johnson , what be you do ? miss johnson - leave . veta - miss Johnson ! you be hire to serve as well as cater . we guest will be here any minute . myrtle - now miss Johnson -- veta - now myrtle , let I handle this , dear . miss Johnson , what 's wrong ? miss johnson - there be a man here a minute ago and he stop and he speak to I . veta - you do not tell he anything about we party , do you ? miss johnson - I do not tell he nothin' - he give I he card . here ! and then he introduce I to somebody . veta - to whom ? miss johnson - do you think I would stay in this house after that ? veta - oh - uh - myrtle - oh mother , people get run over by truck every day . why can not something like that happen to uncle elwood ? veta - myrtle mae simmon ! I be ashamed of you . even if people do call you uncle peculiar , he be still my baby brother and this thing be not he fault . myrtle - whose fault be it then ? veta - now we will get the cook to do the serve . come along and lend I a hand , dear . 10 shoot thru doorway into hall from drawing room myrtle follow veta into the room from hall - camera pan & dolly in slightly as veta hide kimonos in cabinet - talk - veta - we have not get much time . elvira ! myrtle - well , if it be not he fault , whose fault be it ? veta - I know whose fault it be , dear - - but I be not tell . 11 mo full shot side in drawing room camera pull back & pan as myrtle follow veta across draw room & into dining room - veta swing kitchen door open & call - veta & myrtle hurriedly set dining table for party - myrtle - oh you be not tell ! veta - elvira ! elvira ! you can bring that thing in now . myrtle - oh mother , why can not we live like other people ? veta - myrtle mae , do I have to keep remind you - you uncle elwood be not live with we -- we be live with he . myrtle - live with he and he pal ! veta - you promise ! 12 close shot myrtle smooth table cloth as she blurt out - myrtle - his pal , harvey ! 13 close shot veta react - horrify - camera pan as she hurry forward to myrtle & clap she hand over myrtle 's mouth - both turn & look off - veta - ( gasp ) - you say that name ! you promise you would not say that name and you say it ! 14 mo shot in dine room elvira carry tray enter from kitchen - camera pull back as she come forward & put tray on table - glower - exit into kitchen - myrtle & veta hastily set table with candelabra , flower , etc. as they talk - veta stop talk suddenly as elvira enter from kitchen with second tray of hor d'oeuvre - exit stolidly into kitchen - camera dolly in as veta & myrtle mae move to far end of table - elvira re-enter - count - exit into kitchen - myrtle unhappy - veta sympathetic - move toward she - myrtle - why do grandmother leave all she property to uncle elwood ? veta - I suppose it be because she die in he arm . people be sentimental about thing like that . myrtle - you always say that and it do not make sense . she could not make out she will after she die , could she ? veta - oh myrtle , do not be didactic . it 's not become in a young girl . besides , man loathe it . myrtle - Men ! a fine chance I have get . veta - now , myrtle , dear - you know the whole idea of this party this afternoon be to -- be to get you start socially , so that you can meet some nice young man . myrtle - oh what 's the use ? myrtle mae simmon - she uncle elwood P. dowd be the biggest scr -- screwball in town ! who would want I ? veta - oh , myrtle , dear ! 15 close up myrtle & veta as veta come on to myrtle - veta fuss lovingly with myrtle 's dress and hair as she speak encouragingly - camera pan and dolly after they as myrtle move away - bitter - veta follow - veta hurry to b.g. - camera pan & dolly after myrtle as she hurry to conservatory - like end of room - myrtle peer out through curtain - call - veta - you be sweet and you have so much to offer . I do not care what anyone say - there 's something sweet about every young girl - and a man take that sweetness and look what he do with it . oh , show some poise , dear . I want you to charm Mrs. chauvenet . she have a grandson just about you age . myrtle - a lot of good that will do if uncle elwood come home . veta - well , uncle elwood will not be home this afternoon -- or will he ? I be go to telephone judge gaffney . we can not take any chance . myrtle - mother ! you would better hurry ! Mrs. halsey -- 16 mo shot in library veta run forward from hall b.g. - snatch up phone from desk - agitate - dial as myrtle run on to foot of stair in hall b.g. - excited - exit - myrtle o.s. -- and miss tewksbury be here already . veta - oh dear . yes , dear , I be hurry . myrtle - well , hurry , mother . they be get out of the car . veta - oh dear . judge gaffney , please . Mrs. veta simmon call . 17 mo shot side in gaffney' office judge gaffney at desk b.g. - camera dolly in as he come forward & answer phone - react - gaffney - yes - oh put she on . oh , veta , my girl , this be a pleasure . 18 close shot veta talk on phone in library - agitate - myrtle herd two guest into hall b.g. - veta turn and call to they brightly - veta cup hand over phone & talk as myrtle & two lady start across hall b.g . - veta - oh judge - we have not get a moment to lose . I be have the Wednesday Forum over for a program tea and reception -- for ethel chauvenet . elwood have just go out but I be so afraid he may come back . you can understand why . oh , hello , miss tewksbury and Mrs. halsey . go right into the draw room . myrtle dear , take they thing . yes - you have get to help I , judge . ( whisper ) you have get to help I . I can not . 19 close up judge talk on phone - whisper - judge - speak up - speak up , veta . ( whisper ) what ? I can not - ( indistinguishable ) be that so ? ( mumble ) 20 close shot veta whisper into phone f.g. - turn & wave gayly to two more guest as myrtle herd they into the hall - veta resume whisper into phone - veta whisper into phone ( speak ) yoo hoo , Mrs. streickelberger . mrs . streickelberger - oh , hello , Mrs. simmon . veta whisper into phone 21 close up judge gaffney whisper excitedly into phone - judge whisper into phone 22 close up veta agitate - whisper into phone - veta whisper into phone - oh , no , no , no . yes , that will be all right . 23 close up judge whisper into phone - speak - hang up - hurry toward b.g. & almost exit - judge whisper - you can depend on I . ( speak ) all right . 24 close shot int . office door gaffney hurry on from camera - open door - camera dolly after he as he open door & move into outer office - legal staff gather around & listen as he speak to minninger who quickly climb down off ladder b.g. - all react as gaffney speak - minninger protest - other clerk exit & get busy - gaffney exit f.g. - minninger put on hat & coat & run out of office door to hall b.g . - judge - minninger . minninger - yes , sir . judge - in a few minute , a man will be crossing the square . he will be wear a hat & coat and carry another one over he arm . minninger - yes , sir . judge - I want you to follow he - if necessary , even confront he - quietly , of course . minninger - yes , sir . judge - but at all event I want you to prevent he from return to he house . minninger - yes , sir . judge - his sister be give a party - he would not fit in - he name be elwood P. dowd . minninger - elwood dowd , sir ! could not you get someone else , judge ? kratke maybe or beck ? they be bigger than I be . judge - you will be able to hide better . hurry now and stick with he all afternoon . quickly boy , quickly . minninger - yes , sir . elwood dowd . 25 close side shot ext . hall door as minninger dash out - start down stair - stop - call - camera pan and lose he as he start to run down hall b.g. show scrub woman on hand & knee near elevator - minninger run on - step on soap - fall & slide on he stomach to end of hall - he head hit door at end of hall with a thud , knock he out - minninger - oh , elevator ! 26 close shot minninger lying on floor near door , unconscious - camera tilt up to glass door - lettering read : lester f. schwartz , m D physician and surgeon 10-12 3 - 6 door open - nurse come out - speak - react - puzzle - react as she look down - speak - start back into office - nurse o.s. - come in . ( on scene ) yes ? who be it ? oh ! oh ! the doctor will see you in a minute . ... dissolves into crane shot on business STREET camera move along with elwood as he saunter along - stop at corner - camera crane back & up slightly as he start across street after camera - dodge back into middle of street & pull harvey out of way of fire truck as it race past - two workmen stop & stare at elwood as he speak to the invisible presence - smile - camera dolly ahead of he as he cross to door of Charlie 's bar - follow harvey into bar - man o.s. - good afternoon , ( on scene ) Mr. dowd . elwood - how do you do . we must be more careful . after you . 27 mo shot in charlie' bar elwood enter from street - camera dolly back as he come forward - speak to bartender - stranger at end of bar gape as elwood & bartender talk - elwood hang coat & hat on rack f.g. - cross to bar - pull out stool for harvey & sit nearby - camera dolly in - bartender - howdo , Mr. dowd . elwood - afternoon , Mr. cracker . Excuse I . bartender o.s. - how be he ? elwood - oh he 's just fine - fine . how be you ? bartender o.s. - oh , can not complain . elwood - that 's good . uh - be this all right ? you sure ? hm ? well all right - I will give you a hand there . wwp ! do not slip - there ! you sure this be all right ? uh - you would not rather sit in a booth ? well all right . bartender - would he prefer a booth -- 28 close up stranger sitting at end of bar - look off startle - bartender o.s. -- Mr. dowd ? elwood o.s. - oh thank you , Mr. cracker . he seem to prefer the bar -- 29 mo shot side in charlie' bar elwood turn and speak cheerfully to stranger at end of bar - stranger react - bartender speak quietly to elwood - elwood turn to camera - elwood -- today . oh and good afternoon to you , sir . ah . bartender - Mr. meegles be back . elwood - oh. 30 mo shot in bar meegles seat at table near f.g. read paper - elwood come forward to he from bar - talk - elwood sit - camera move down close as they talk - meegles show paper to elwood - camera tilt up & pull back slightly as elwood rise - shake meegles ' hand - move away toward bar - elwood - well ! uh - oh excuse I a minute . I will -- well Mr. meegles ! well , this be a pleasure . we have miss you . meegle - how be you , Mr. dowd ? elwood - Fine . meegle - and how be he ? elwood - oh he 's splendid - thank you , splendid . he decide he want to come over here this afternoon , so here we be . meegle - sit down . elwood - oh , thank you . well , you have be away . meegle - for ninety day . elwood - oh ? meegle - be doin ' a job for the state . makin ' license plate . elwood - oh - be that so ? interesting work ? meegle - oh I can take it or leave it alone . elwood - oh , I see . meegle - I do a job for them last year , too . helpin ' them build a road . elwood - oh. well Mr. meegles , we will just have to do something about you return . meegle - yes . elwood - uh - I - would you like to come to my house for dinner tonight ? meegle - oh thanks Mr. dowd . but I - could not make it tonight . elwood - uh - tomorrow night ? be -- meegle - but you know the last time I be there I kinda get the impression you sister hold it against I -- because I do a little time . elwood - oh no , now , Mr. meegles . my sister love to entertain . she -- she 's very social , you know . meegle - yes - I see by the papers -- you know I - I never miss the s-s-society column . elwood - you do not ? meegle - no. elwood - well . meegle - she 's givin ' a clambake this afternoon . elwood - this afternoon ? meegle - yes . " reception , program and tea , " it say here . for the member of the Wednesday afternoon Forum , for that rich Mrs. shuvanut . elwood - cheva -- uh - oh - oh yeah . that 's aunt ethel . ( mumble ) be this today 's paper ? meegle - yeah . elwood - well veta do not tell I anything about this . it must have slip she mind . meegle - oh. elwood - well , uh - I will see you tomorrow night - seven o'clock , Mr. meegles , huh ? meegle - thanks , Mr. dowd . elwood - well , very glad to have see you . good-bye . meegle - good-bye . 31 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 1 reel two 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 2 2 mo shot side in bar Stranger sit at end of bar b.g. watch as elwood come on near f.g. & sit - bartender come on - talk - bartender exit - camera move in closer to elwood as he talk - stranger come forward - react - bartender serve two martinis - camera pull back & pan as stranger hurry to door b.g. - speak - exit - elwood smack he lip as he prepare to drink - elwood - harvey , I just find out -- bartender - now , what can I do for you , Mr. dowd ? elwood - what do you have in mind ? bartender - what 's you order ? elwood - uh - oh , t-two martinis . bartender - two martinis . mm. elwood - harvey - uh it seem that veta be have a party this afternoon . and I -- hm ? oh , you know . well , I just think that she might be offended if we be not there . after all , she 's the only sister I have and I - I -- how 's that ? and the only one I be ever likely to have . yes . you be absolutely right . oh , we would better hurry , huh ? bartender - that will be four bit . stranger - the one at the end will pay for it . elwood - good . bartender - come back here , will you ? elwood - we would be delighted . bartender - its -- elwood - he will be delighted . well - let 's drink up , huh ? ... dissolves into 3 int . dowd drawing room musicale be under way - room be fill with elegantly gown lady - listen to miss tewksbury who sing from small conservatory - like end of room b.g. - lady accompany she on piano - tewksbury face camera & lady - miss tewksbury sing : my love will take I -- 3 close shot miss tewksbury & pianist miss tewksbury f.g. sing - ( she be decidedly on the chubby side ) gesture - miss tewksbury sing : -- fly to the sky on a steed with golden wing and then will ride away of -- 4 close view in room four lady watch off - two f.g. seat - exchange approve glance - miss tewksbury sing o.s. -- - rever High on the moon 5 close shot miss tewksbury & pianist miss tewksbury really give - miss tewksbury sing : on a star , on a cloud in he arm I will sta ---- 6 mo close shot side in room veta stand by chair f.g. - lady seat - three lady stand b.g. - veta turn & smile happily at other - look off - miss tewksbury sing o.s. -- -- aaay ahhhhhhhhhh 7 int . drawing room miss tewksbury sounding forth from b.g. - she whole chassis shake as she sing - miss tewksbury sing : hop hop hop hop hippity hop on a golden steed hop hop hop hop hippity -- 8 close up veta reacting - mildly shocked - look about - force smile - miss tewksbury sing o.s. -- hop Love be all I need ah - ah - ah -- 9 close shot miss tewksbury & pianist miss tewksbury 's body quiver & shake as she interpret the song - miss tewksbury sing : -- -- ah hop hop hop hop hippity hop on a golden steed hop hop hop hop hippity hop 10 close up veta embarrass - force smile - miss tewksbury sing o.s. Love be all I need 11 close up int . sliding door in drawing room myrtle slide door open from hall - camera pan & move in close as she move quickly to veta - whisper - myrtle exit - veta start after she - miss tewksbury sing o.s. my heart be like the beat of a drum myrtle - mother ! veta - shhh ! myrtle - Mrs. chauvenet be here ! veta - oh , she 's here ! ( whisper ) 12 mo close shot side in hall veta & myrtle hurry out of draw room - camera pan & dolly after they as they move to greet Mrs. chauvenet - talk - camera pull back as Mrs. chauvenet come forward - veta stop she - Mrs. chauvenet glare at myrtle as myrtle try to remove she coat - veta & myrtle nervous - camera pull back & pan they to partly open draw room door - Mrs. chauvenet wave discreetly - look into draw room - veta - aunt ethel ! mrs . chauvenet - why , veta Louise simmon ! I think you be dead ! veta - oh ho - no ! no - I be very much alive , thank you ! and this be my daughter , myrtle mae . mrs . chauvenet - my dear , you be you grandmother all over again ! I be at she funeral . and now , where be elwood ? veta - well , elwood could not be home this afternoon . mrs . chauvenet - oh. veta - that 's miss tewksbury sing . she will be through in a minute . mrs . chauvenet - oh , shame on he ! that be the main reason I come . I want to see elwood . do you realize , veta , I have not see elwood in year ? I be say to Mr. chauvenet just the other -- what do you want , my dear ? myrtle - well , you be -- mrs . chauvenet -- just the other night , ' what on earth do you think happen to elwood dowd ? ' he never come to the Yale alumni dance any more . I have not see he at the Club or at the horse show in year . do elwood see anybody this day ? miss tewksbury sing o.s. ad lib veta - oh , yes , aunt ethel - elwood see somebody ! myrtle - yes , aunt ethel , he do ! mrs . chauvenet - well , be uh - elwood happy , veta Louise ? veta - oh , yes , aunt ethel ! elwood 's very happy ! now , you must not worry about elwood . oh , there 's Mrs. cumming ! she 's wave at you . 13 close up int . door Mrs. chauvenet , veta & myrtle look in through ' partly open door toward camera - talk - mrs . chauvenet - be that Mrs. Frank cumming ? do not she look ghastly ? I think she be dead . I must get a closer look . miss tewksbury sing ad lib o.s. 14 close side shot ext . door veta push door open wide as Mrs. chauvenet look about - camera dolly after she as she dash to retrieve purse from chair near far end of hall as elwood motion harvey through ' front door b.g . - talking ad lib o.s. veta - well , we can go in now . mrs . chauvenet - what do I do with my -- oh , there it be . 15 close up myrtle & veta stand near partly open door stare off - aghast - veta - oh , no ! 16 mo shot end in hall Mrs. chauvenet near f.g. glance to b.g. & see elwood - she move to step as he come forward to top of step - mrs . chauvenet - elwood ! elwood dowd ! bless you heart ! 17 close shot in hall elwood face Mrs. chauvenet & camera - step down to she - kiss she fondly - elwood - aunt ethel ! what a pleasure to come in and find a beautiful woman wait for I ! mrs . chauvenet - well , elwood , you have not change ! 18 close up myrtle & veta look off - despair - veta rally & cross close to camera - veta - elwood ! 19 dolly shot in hall elwood move forward from Mrs. chauvenet , as camera dolly back bring veta & myrtle into scene as they come on from f.g. to he - agitate - Mrs. chauvenet come forward - veta try to herd elwood upstairs - fail - he return to harvey b.g. - veta & myrtle try to urge Mrs. chauvenet forward - she turn to elwood - speak happily - elwood - well , well - you both look lovely ! veta - uh - elwood , some mail come for you this afternoon . it look important so I put it up in you room . elwood - do you , veta ? that be nice of you . aunt ethel , I would like to have you meet a very dear -- veta - aunt ethel , do not you want some tea ? mrs . chauvenet - not just now , thank you . myrtle - there 's punch if you do not like tea ! mrs . chauvenet - but I do like tea . stop pull I , you two ! elwood , what night next week can you come to dinner ? you and veta and myrtle mae ? I have ordway there . ordway be my grandson . elwood - oh , any night . any night at all , I will be delighted . 20 close up elwood & mrs . chauvenet elwood face she & camera - camera pan as he turn , introduce she to the invisible harvey - elwood - I would like to meet ordway . and now , aunt ethel , I would like you to meet harvey . harvey , you have hear -- 21 close up myrtle turn away in agony & rest elbow on table as she put she face in she hand - elwood o.s. -- I speak of aunt ethel chauvenet . 22 close up veta as she sink down in chair - sink - elwood o.s. - she 's one of my oldest and dearest friend . 23 close up elwood & mrs . chauvenet he face camera - smile as he converse with harvey - point to she - elwood - she 's the one -- hm ? uh - that 's right ! well , this be the one . no - no -- she 's the one . 24 large close up of mrs . chauvenet stare off - bewilder & wary - 25 close up elwood & mrs . chauvenet he turn to she - explain - turn to side - elwood - she - he say he would have know you anywhere . well - uh - now -- 25 [ number error ] mo shot end in hall elwood put down hat & coat on chair at side - come forward - stop - Mrs. chauvenet bug-ey - move aside - elwood go to she - speak gently - come forward & exit - veta rise - Mrs. chauvenet snatch up purse & rush to door b.g. - veta & myrtle pursue she - Mrs. chauvenet exit hastily - veta & myrtle sink - turn to camera - veta react as she look off - elwood - - we must go in and greet the rest of we friend . come on , harvey . now - uh - aunt ethel , will you pardon I ? you - you be stand in he way . there we be . now - uh -- I will see you in a minute . aunt ethel , I can see that you be disturb about harvey . now , please do not be . he stare that way at everybody . it 's he way . but he like you . I can tell . he like you very much . I - I - I - I be come , harvey . mrs . chauvenet - well , I - I think I will be run along . veta - with no tea ? mrs . chauvenet - no - no . veta - or punch ? mrs . chauvenet - no , no thank you , really . I - I will be go . good-bye . good-bye . veta - ad lib - well , aunt ethel , would not you like a lemon fizz with a turkey wing and some - walnut dress ? 26 mo full shot side in hall elwood f.g. ushere harvey through ' slide door into draw room - veta & myrtle rush forward to door from b.g. - camera pan slightly - they look into room - veta - elwood ! elwood ! elwood ! 27 shoot thru ' partly OPEN door into drawing room veta & myrtle f.g. , back to camera , as they watch elwood in room b.g. introduce harvey to lady - veta - oh , no ! not Mrs. halsey ! 28 close up veta & myrtle stare off through ' partly open door - fearful - veta - she have a nephew ! he 's a little bit old , but he would have do in a pinch . 29 shoot thru ' partly OPEN door into drawing room Mrs. halsey b.g. reacting as elwood introduce harvey - she rise - stare - veta & myrtle f.g. watch - veta - I -- 30 mo close shot side in hall myrtle turn away - desperate - veta go to she - camera pan as veta follow myrtle across hall to stair - myrtle run up stair - exit - camera pan veta to door of library - she almost slide door shut & exit into library - myrtle - oh , mother , I can not face that people ! oh , I just can not ! veta - myrtle , you uncle have disgrace we for the last time in this house ! I be go to see to that ! myrtle - you be no match for he ! he always get the best of you ! veta - where be you go ? myrtle - upstair to pack ! I be go to lose myself in some strange city ! I be go to change my name ! veta - no , do not do that yet , dear ! wait until I telephone judge gaff -- judge gaffney . I be go to do something I should have do long ago ! ... dissolves into close up over desk in judge gaffney' office he be seat at desk talk on phone - disturb - judge - I do not understand it , veta . Mr. minninger be as trustworthy as the Bible . 31 close up veta agitate - talk on phone - veta - I do not know anything about you Mr. minninger , but I do know elwood dowd when I see he and he 's here - he 's here , I tell you . 32 close up over desk judge talk on phone - turn as minninger enter warily from b.g. - he head bandage - judge rise & turn to minninger - furious - judge - well , if you insist he 's there , then I must act on the assumption that he 's there . minninger ! you fail ! minninger - I do not fail , judge . I have not even try yet . I have be in the doctor 's office . veta' voice ad lib 33 close up veta stand in library near desk - react as she see Mrs. halsey and Mrs. krausmeyer emerge from the draw room into hall b.g. - veta put phone on desk - camera dolly after she as she start toward hall - veta - oh , excuse I . hold on , judge . oh - oh Mrs. -- 34 mo close shot side in hall Mrs. halsey & Mrs. krausmeyer emerge from draw room - agitate - chatter as veta rush on to they - they escape & exit down hall b.g. - veta stare as Mrs. cumming & elwood come out of the draw room into hall - Mrs. cumming frighten - she and another lady escape down hall - veta hurry to close door - elwood stop she - he motion to harvey - she shut door - veta & elwood talk - she agitate - she exit at side - he motion with he head to harvey - veta o.s. -- halsey . Mrs. krausmeyer ! you be not leave , be you ? mrs . halsey - I just remember the bridle and bit horse show be today . mrs . krausmeyer - good-bye , Mrs. simmon . it 's be jolly . elwood o.s. - wo not you join we again tomorrow night , Mrs. cumming ? ( on scene ) harvey and I be have a few people in for Mr. meegles -- it 's very informal , of course . mrs . cumming - forgive I , Mrs. simmon . one of my stupid headache . such a lovely party . elwood - good-bye - good-bye . veta - elwood , I -- elwood - yes ? veta - I would like to -- elwood protest veta giggle hysterically elwood - there . come on . veta - oh ( giggle ) - I - uh - I would like to talk to you , elwood . elwood - well , I would like to talk to you , too , veta . veta - well , this be very important . would you mind come into the library ? elwood - oh , of course . huh . 35 mo shot in library veta enter from hall b.g. - elwood enter - she almost mash harvey in the door - close door - cross to elwood - elwood come forward & sit - pleasant - she react to judge 's voice over phone - camera move in slightly as she answer phone f.g. - speak quietly into phone - hang up - camera dolly in as veta cross & stop before elwood - talk - she hurry to door b.g. & exit into hall - elwood start to rise - veta - elwood , I want to talk to you . elwood - well ? veta giggle hysterically - elwood , I want you to wait right here . now do not move . I will be right back . elwood - well certainly , sister . I - I happen to have a little free time right now and you be welcome to it , veta . do you want harvey to wait too ? veta - oh yes . yes , elwood . I certainly do . judge's voice - hello . speak up , I say . elwood - do you say something , harvey ? veta - who say that ? who speak ? judge's voice - hello . veta Louise , be you there ? be you there , girl ? hello . veta ! veta - oh - hello . who be it , please ? oh judge , I be so glad you call . I be just go to call you . yes - oh - uh - Omar , we have get to take that step we discuss once . you know ? yes . I want you to make all the arrangement . yes . by all mean . yes . elwood - uh - that be Omar . we have be neglect the judge lately . uh , veta , do you know that it 's be week since harvey and I have be up to he office ? l-let 's go tomorrow , shall we ? veta - elwood , you and I may take a little ride later . elwood - oh , I would like that . yes , oh - uh - only the other day harvey say , " you know it 's certainly be a long time since we have be for a drive . " you be very sweet and thoughtful , veta . veta - now , do not forget to wait for I , elwood . I will be right back . elwood - well , uh - make yourself -- 36 mo close shot in library elwood rise from chair f.g. - camera pan as he usher harvey over to sofa near fireplace b.g. - elwood move around sofa to wall bookshelve - remove volume & lift bottle of liquor out from hide place - sit on sofa - put bottle on stool nearby & look at title on book - elwood -- comfortable , harvey . there . all right ? veta want to talk to we . she - uh - say it 's very important . I - I - I think she want to congratulate we on the impression we make at she party . ( sigh ) 37 close shot elwood read title on book - open book - hold up book for harvey to see - start to read - elwood - Jane austen - " sense and sensibility " . - hm ? oh , random House . no - no. deluxe edition . the usual acknowledgment . chapter one . " the family of dashwood have be long settle in sussex -- " ... dissolves into mo shot ext . gate of sanitarium letter in arch above iron gate read chumley' rest - camera tilt down bring impose building into scene b.g. at far side of circle drive - iron gate swing open - cab drive on f.g. & through ' gate - elwood in tonneau of cab , look back - camera move in to gate as they close - cab exit at side in grounds - reappear before building b.g . - 38 close shot side of cab as it stop - driver f.g. - veta & elwood in tonneau - camera move over & in closer as she get out of cab at far side - speak confidentially to driver - tip he - camera pan & tilt up as she start up step - veta - will you wait here for I , elwood , dear ? elwood - do you want both of we to wait , veta ? veta - oh , yes , elwood . both of you . I will not be long . oh , driver - driver , will you keep a eye on he , please ? I - uh - I will not be but a minute . oohh . 39 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 2 reel three 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 3 2 close up int . cab Driver f.g. - elwood seat in rear seat - elwood speak to harvey - driver speak to elwood - look back - react - elwood hand card to driver - talk - driver reach down & pull up a iron wrench - look again at card as elwood look about pleasantly - elwood - charm place , be not it , harvey ? driver - the name 's Henry . elwood - it 's Henry , harvey . driver - no - just plain Henry . elwood - oh. my name 's dowd - elwood P. here , let I - let I give you one of my card - uh - if you should ever want to call I , call I at this number - do not call I at that one . that - that 's the old one . if you happen to lose the card , do not worry - I - have plenty more . ... dissolves into close shot at desk int . chumley' rest - afternoon nurse Kelly sit near camera , write as veta be seat opposite she - veta speak - sob - kelly - Mrs. o. R. simmon - three forty - eight Temple drive . be that right ? veta - yes , we be bear and raise there . it 's old but we love it - it 's we home . kelly - and you wish to enter you brother here at the sanitarium for treatment . what be you brother 's name ? veta - it 's - oh dear - ( sob ) 3 close up kelly sympathetic - kelly - Mrs. simmon , what be you brother 's name ? 4 close up veta crying - wipe she nose - speak - veta - well , I be sorry - life be not easy for any of we - it 's dowd - elwood P. dowd . 5 close up kelly write - kelly - elwood P. dowd . his age ? 6 close shot at desk veta seat opposite Kelly - veta motion o.s. - Kelly press button on desk - Wilson come forward from b.g. - speak courteously to veta - Wilson exit side - Kelly exit near camera - veta stand - veta - forty - two the twenty - fourth of last April . he 's Taurus - Taurus , the bull . I be Leo , and myrtle 's on the cusp . kelly - do you have he with you now ? veta - oh yes , he 's outside wait in the taxi cab . I tell he to wait . he always do what I tell he . kelly - I see - be he marry ? veta - no - elwood never marry . he always stay with mother . he be a great home boy . ( snivel ) he love he home . wilson - yeah ? kelly - Wilson , there 's a Mr. dowd outside in the cab . will you ask he if he will be good enough to step up to room number twenty - four , South wing G ? wilson - ask he ? kelly - Wilson , this be he sister , Mrs. simmon . wilson - oh - how - do - why , certainly . I will be glad to escort he . kelly - now I will see if Dr. sanderson can see you , Mrs. ( o.s. ) simmon . veta - Dr. sanderson ? I want to see Dr. Chumley himself . kelly - oh -- 7 mo shot kelly at sanderson' door veta back to camera f.g. - talk - kelly -- but Mrs. simmon , Dr. sanderson be the one who see everybody . Dr. Chumley see no one . 8 close shot veta turn to b.g . - kelly o.s. - now I will tell he you be here . 9 mo shot thru inside glass door to entrance Wilson come forward pull elwood somewhat roughly - camera pan & dolly as they go to b.g. to elevator - elwood speak to veta as Wilson yank he into elevator out of scene - close elevator door - elevator ascend - camera dolly back as veta back up to f.g. & bump into Dr. sanderson stand back to camera - she react - turn to f.g. - speak excitedly - elwood - oh - be - be not this wonderful , veta ? wilson - okay ( o.s. ) buddy ! vera giggle hysterically - oh ! oo ! oh - oh you startle I . 10 mo close shot sanderson & veta she back to camera - talk - Kelly come on through door to sanderson 's office b.g. - he go to she - veta step to they - sanderson take card from Kelly - usher veta to b.g. into he office - Kelly close door & turn to f.g . dr . sanderson - I be sorry , Mrs. simmon . I be Dr. sanderson . veta - oh. sanderson - miss Kelly tell I that you be concerned about you brother - mister - mister -- the card , miss Kelly . miss Kelly ! the card , please . Mr. dowd ? veta - yes . sanderson - elwood P. dowd - this way , Mrs. simmon . I be sorry if I awaken you , miss Kelly . 11 mo close shot in sanderson' office veta react to door slam by o.s. Kelly - sanderson & veta talk - veta sit in chair - camera pan & dolly back as sanderson sit at desk , back to camera - he prepare to take note as he listen to veta - she speak nervously - worried - snivel - veta - oh - oh - ( giggle ) I - I do hope you do not think I be always as jumpy as this , but - this be not easy for I , Doctor . sanderson - naturally this thing be not easy for the family of patient . I understand . wo not you sit down , Mrs. simmon ? veta - thank you . sanderson - now , tell I , how long have it be since you first notice any peculiarity in you brother 's action ? veta - well as a baby he be perfectly normal ... I know - I be he big sister and I have to change he - baby do need change , you know , but I notice that he seem to - different after we come back - after mother have die . myrtle mae and I come back from Des Moines to live with elwood . I could see that he -- ( sob ) that he -- sanderson - that he what ? 12 close up sanderson professional - sympathetic - sanderson - now take you time - do not strain . just - just let it come . 13 close shot across desk to veta past sanderson she speak excitedly - he listen - sanderson - I will wait for it . veta - Doctor , everything I say to you be confidential , be not it ? sanderson - I be not a gossip , Mrs. simmon . I be a psychiatrist . veta - yes , of course . well for one thing - he drink . sanderson - hm - mm - to excess ? 14 close up veta react - babbles on - veta - to excess ? well do not you call it excess when a man never let a day go by without step into some cheap tavern , bring home a lot of riff-raff - people you never hear of ? if you do not call that excess , Doctor , I be sure I do not know what excess be . 15 close up sanderson sanderson - well I do not doubt you statement , Mrs. simmon . I merely want to know if you brother drink . 16 close shot past sanderson to veta he write as she talk - veta - well yes , I say definitely elwood drink , and I want he commit out here permanently because I cannot stand another day of that harvey . do not you think it would have be a little bit kinder of mother if she would write we about he , Doctor - now be honest , do not you ? sanderson - well - I really could not answer that question . veta - well I can - yes it certainly would have . sanderson - yes. now - uh - this person that you call - uh - harvey -- 17 close up veta sanderson o.s. -- now who be he ? veta - he 's a rabbit . 18 close up sanderson snicker - speak - pleasant - sanderson - ( chuckle ) - yes , perhaps , but - just who be he ? someone -- 19 close up veta almost sob as she speak - sanderson o.s. -- you brother pick up in one of this bar ? veta - Doctor , I have be tell you - harvey be a rabbit . a big white rabbit - six foot high -- or be it six foot , three and a half - heaven know I ought to know , he 's be around the house long enough . 20 close up sanderson look off - puzzle - concerned - sanderson - Mrs. simmon , if I be not mistaken , you -- veta o.s. - Doctor , do not you understand ? the rabbit 's name be " harvey . " 21 close high shot veta seat by desk - camera tilt up as she stand - walk to b.g. - camera pan as she turn to f.g. - talk - upset - veta - harvey life at we house . elwood busy theater ticket - and railroad ticket for both of they . he 's -- 22 close up sanderson deeply interested in the case - veta o.s. -- lose interest in everything else . 23 mo close high shot veta walk to corner by door - turn to f.g. - despair - turn to corner & sob - veta - ( sob ) and here I be try to get myrtle mae start with a nice group of young people ! ( sob ) 24 close up sanderson press button on desk - veta o.s. - that 's my daughter . ( sob ) 25 mo close high shot veta at corner by door camera pan as she walk fast over to sanderson - confide in he - he stand - camera pan as she sit in chair b.g. - he move to she - speak kindly - camera pan on sanderson as he hurry across to door - call into outer office - rush back to veta - move away - exit at side - veta rest in chair - nod head - veta - Doctor , I be go to tell you something I have never tell anyone in this world before . not even myrtle mae - every once in a while I see this big white rabbit myself . uh! now -- sanderson - Mrs. simmon ! veta -- be not that terrible ? and what 's more , he 's every bit as big as elwood say he be . now do not ever tell that to anybody , Doctor . I be ashamed of it . ( sob ) sanderson - Mrs. simmon , I can see that you have be under a great nervous strain latetly . veta - oh you just try live with that two and see how much of a strain it be . sanderson - you mother 's death - it depressed you considerably ? veta - nobody know how much . sanderson - ah now do not you worry , Mrs. simmon . I be go to help you . veta - oh , Doctor ! ( o.s. ) sob sanderson - miss Kelly ? miss Kelly ? Wilson ? Wilson ! uh - now do not you move , Mrs. simmon . you just sit there and make yourself comfortable - I will only be a minute . veta - yes . 26 mo close pan shot sanderson as he run out of he office & to b.g. in foyer - call - exit up stair b.g. as taxi driver come on f.g. - stop - look around - call - camera pan & dolly as he cross to door of sanderson 's office & speak to veta seat b.g. - she come forward - camera pan & dolly as they cross & exit through glass door as sanderson run to b.g. - look around - dash forward - Wilson sound two alarm - camera swing back & forth on sanderson & Wilson - sanderson exit to side into he office as Wilson dash across & start out front entrance door - sanderson - Wilson ? Wilson ! cab driver - hello ! oh , lady ! you tell I to keep a eye on that fellow , but a big guy in a white coat come along , and -- veta - well , that 's quite all right . you just wait . cab driver - do you want I should do something about he suitcase ? veta - oh - elwood 's thing . yes . well , I would better come get they I guess . he might need they . oh dear it would be awful if he should get hurt and ... sanderson - she pick a fine time to leave she desk just when I have get a new patient in my office . Mrs. simmon - Mrs. simmon ! sound the go , Wilson . that poor woman must not leave the grounds . wilson - make a getaway , huh , Doc ? sanderson - her condition be serious . go after she and take she to thirteen Upper West R ! wilson - yeah , right ! 27 mo long shot over hood of taxi to front door of sanitarium Wilson rush out - driver enter & talk to Wilson - camera pan & pull back as Wilson come forward - stop & talk to cab driver - Wilson exit close to camera - wilson - where be she ? that little dame that just come out here . where would she go ? driver - pickin ' some posy . she want to bring them to somebody inside . wilson - oh. driver - say , mac. wilson - yes ? driver - be it safe for I to wait around ? I mean , I do not see no bar on this window ! wilson - do not need them . anybody that try to climb through that window will sound like a three - alarm fire . 28 mo close shot by driveway veta lean over , pick flower - stand with bouquet as Wilson come on b.g. - speak to she - camera move in close as he step to she - take she by arm - she pound he with she purse - scream - wilson - hello , sweetheart . well , well . that for I ? veta - for you ? I should say not . they be for my brother elwood . he 's devote to ranunculus . wilson - sure . well , would not you like to come inside and pick some -- off the wallpaper ? veta - well - no thank you - this will do nicely . good day . wilson - Lady - come , lady . veta - now , really , I -- wilson - there 's a man inside want to talk to you . veta - no ! I - I do not - no ! wilson - now - veta - no ! you let I go ! help ! ( scream ) help ! Police ! Police ! wilson - now what do we want with the police , love-boat ? veta - Police ! wilson - they be no fun ! 29 mo shot on lawn Wilson pick veta up over he shoulder - camera pan as he pack she off to b.g. - she swat he on rear with she purse - she kick & scream - cab driver watch , dumbfounded , as Wilson exit into building with veta - driver hurriedly get into taxi & drive off to f.g. , exite - veta - you let I go - I be a respectable woman . wilson - that 's for sure . now come on , Lady , be nice or I will -- veta yell & scream ad lib wilson -- have to pick you up and carry you . veta scream ad lib ... dissolves into mo close shot int . upper hall in sanitarium Elevator door open & Wilson come out of car carry veta over he shoulder - she kick & scream - camera pan as he cross to door over which be sign " upper west " - nurse dunphy come out of room - Wilson stop to speak to she as veta continue to kick - dunphy go to b.g. down corridor - Wilson start through door - veta o.s. yell & sob - oh Dr. sanderson ! ( on scene ) judge gaffney -- wilson - say - uh - how about give I a hand here , beautiful ? I will sit on she and you can strip she clothes off . dunphy - you will just have to wait , fish - ear . I have get to give some guy a bubble bath . wilson - okay , honey , but make it snappy . 30 mo close shot wilson carry veta - come through glass door to f.g. - camera pan as he step to heavy door with glass window at top - walk to b.g. into room & set veta down o.s . - he rush forward & close door - camera move in close as veta come on behind door & frantically motion to Wilson - he exit side - she pound on glass & yell but she voice be inaudible through thick glass window - veta yell ad lib - judge gaffney - somebody - anybody ! 31 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 3 reel four 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 4 2 close up wilson talk on phone in hall - wilson - doc? that simmon dame 's all set . yeah - no trouble at all ! 3 mo shot in sanderson' office sanderson speak into phone at desk f.g. - hang up as Kelly enter b.g. - camera dolly after he as he cross to she - annoyed - he hand she papers - camera pull back as he return to desk - sit - she come forward to desk - talk - he react - rise - she quail - he dial phone - replace receiver - sink down in chair - sink - rise - camera pan as he back she toward wall b.g . sanderson - oh , that 's fine ! I will be right up and prescribe some preliminary treatment . do not you ever stay in you office , miss Kelly ? I need you ! kelly - I have to give a hypo to upper nine . sanderson - I want you to telephone this elwood P. dowd right away . his sister 's condition be serious . kelly - uh - but , Doctor , I -- sanderson - he will have to sign this commitment papers for she . kelly - but I do not know the woman need the treatment ! she say it be she brother ! sanderson - of course she do ! that 's the oldest dodge in the world . always use by a cun type of psychopath . she know she brother be about to commit she so she come down here to discredit he . get he on the phone , please . kelly - but , Doctor , I think the woman be all right , so I have Wilson take the brother up to number twenty - four - South wing , G . he 's there now . sanderson - you have Wilson take the brother in ?! come on , miss Kelly , no gag , please ! you be not serious , be you ? kelly - oh , I do , Doctor , I - I do . Doctor , I be terribly sorry . sanderson - oh , you be terribly sorry ! well , that 's fine ! that - that fix everything ! that 's just wonderful ! no - oh , no ! Kelly ! Kelly , do you realize what you have do ? this man dowd can sue we for false commitment ! he can own the whole sanitarium -- and I will be kick out of here faster than you can say stupid , incompetent and inefficient ! 4 close up sanderson & kelly ( side ) he grim - she distress - he business - like - move to doorway - she start after he - camera dolly in close - talk - camera move into reception hall as he push she across toward elevator b.g. - stop talk - he exit at side - she go after he - furious - kelly - oh , I will tell Dr. Chumley you have nothing to do with it - it be all my fault ! you be the last person in the world I would ever want anything like this to happen to . you know that , do not you , Dr. sanderson ? sanderson - miss Kelly , this be hardly the time or place to go into the balcony scene from Romeo and juliet ! kelly - lately , Doctor , there 's never any time or place ! sanderson - jeeper ! they may be put he in the hydro room right now ! get up there quick and see if you can get he down here ! I will break the news gently to Dr. Chumley . he may want to handle this himself . kelly - well , what shall I say to Mr. dowd ? what will I do ? he will probably be so furious he will refuse to come down here ! sanderson - look , miss Kelly , he 's probably fit to be tie , but he 's a man , be not he ? kelly - I guess so ! his name be mister ! 5 mo shot end in reception hall sanderson move toward Dr. Chumley 's office b.g. - stop & turn as Kelly come on - he rage - knock on Chumley 's door - open door - sanderson - well , then , go into you old routine - you know , the eye -- the eye , the swish , the work ! I be immune , too , but I have see it work with some people - some of the patient out here . now , you get he down here , Kelly , if you have to do a strip tease ! 6 close shot ext . chumley' door as sanderson open door & move into room & stop - camera dolly into office after he - Chumley sit at far side of desk b.g. , read book - look up as sanderson speak - sanderson close door - Chumley reproving - sanderson - Dr. Chumley , I be afraid there 's be a serious error -- chumley - Dr. sanderson , we do not permit error in this institution . 7 int . upper hallway Kelly ascend stair in b.g. - run forward & almost exit near camera - 8 close high shot ext . hydro room Kelly run on below camera - open door - camera dolly after she as she move into room - stop & speak gently to elwood , sit by window at side b.g. - camera move in closer as he rise & come forward to she - talk - shake hand - camera pan as he move away - she follow he - miss dunphy , the nurse , rush in from b.g. - Kelly cross to dunphy as elwood start to introduce harvey to they - stop - camera pull back before Kelly as she hurry ahead of elwood to door - stop & turn as he speak to harvey - dunphy come on in b.g. - listen - she irk - elwood pleasant - Kelly exit near camera - elwood lead harvey out of room toward camera - kelly - Mr. dowd ? elwood - elwood P. here , let I give you one of my card . kelly - Mr. dowd , I be miss Kelly . I be at the reception desk downstairs . elwood - well , I be happy to know you , miss Kelly . kelly - thank you , Mr. dowd . I be wonder if you would come downstairs with I , please - to Dr. sanderson 's office . there 's something he would like to explain to you . elwood - uh-huh . well , I would be glad to , miss Kelly , but there be another very charming girl in here a minute ago - and she ask I to wait . she say something about a bath . I - I - I do not like to disappoint she . she seem to have she heart set on it . kelly - that be miss dunphy . it 's quite all right , Mr. dowd . Dr. sanderson will explain everything in he office -- dunphy - well , here we be ! tsk -tsk ! Mr. dowd , you have not peel yet . elwood - oh , now - and I regret this , miss dunphy , but miss Kelly , here , seem to want I to go with she . miss Kelly , you have meet miss dunphy ? kelly - yes , of course . elwood - well , I - I - I - want both of you to meet a very dear -- kelly - it seem there 's be a mistake . just forget everything . dunphy - what ? elwood - I - I have a suggestion . why do not I do what she want - and then go with you ? kelly - that will not be necessary , Mr. dowd . elwood - all right . well - good - bye , my dear . you could have have a bath , too . kelly - I have already have a bath . elwood - oh , miss Kelly , I be not speak to you . I be speak to my friend -- dunphy - Mr. dowd -- I take a bath every morning , just before I go on duty . elwood - it 's always such a pleasant way to start the day . no - a-after you . 9 mo close side shot ext . chumley' office sanderson come out - glum - camera pan & dolly in as he cross reception hall to meet elwood & Kelly as they descend stair into hall - elwood put coat & harvey 's hat on table - man shake hand - talk - elwood look closely & admiringly at Kelly - turn & start to introduce harvey as sanderson motion off & touch elwood 's arm - sanderson - Mr. dowd ? elwood - elwood P. well , here - let I - let I give you one of my card . sanderson - ( stutter ) I be Dr. lyman sanderson , Dr. Chumley 's assistant out here , and I -- elwood - well , good for you ! sanderson - yes . elwood - ah - happy to know you , Doctor . sanderson - I - I - I ask miss Kelly to bring you down here -- elwood - yes , be not she lovely ? be not she beau - -- you be - you be very lovely , my dear . kelly - why , thank you , Mr. dowd . some people do not seem to think so . elwood - ah - well , some people be blind . that 's very often bring to my attention . sanderson - yes -- elwood - and now I would like both of you to meet a very dear friend of mine -- sanderson - well , now , why can not we sit down ? wo not -- 10 mo shot side in reception hall camera pull back & pan before elwood , Kelly & sanderson as they come forward to reception desk - two man place two chair side by side face desk - elwood pull third chair up b.g. - talk - Kelly sit in third chair - sanderson sit on edge of desk - elwood & harvey sit in chair face desk & sanderson - talk - sanderson rise - camera dolly in closer to elwood as sanderson pace to b.g. - stop by Kelly - elwood smile & wink at harvey in chair beside he - misunderstand what Kelly & sanderson try to tell he - rise & shake hand with sanderson & Kelly - stop as he start to sit - startle - sit - misunderstanding - camera pull back as sanderson sit on edge of desk again - sanderson -- you have a chair , Mr. dowd ? elwood - well , thank you very much . there we be . sanderson - please - sit down . elwood - uh , after miss Kelly . kelly - oh , no , really , Mr. dowd . I could not . I be in and out all the time . but - but , you sit down - please . elwood - after you . sanderson - sit down , Kelly ! anything we can do for you , Mr. dowd ? elwood - what do you have in mind ? kelly - be - be you chair comfortable ? elwood - hm ? sanderson - be - be the chair quite comfortable , Mr. dowd ? elwood - yes . would you care to try it ? sanderson - no-no- no - no , thank you . how about a cigarette ? elwood - no , thank you . kelly - yes - a cigarette . sanderson - Mr. dowd - you have we at a disadvantage here . now , you know it and we know it , so let 's lay we card on the table . elwood - well , that certainly appeal to I , Doctor . sanderson - best thing in the long run . you know , people be people , no matter where you go . elwood - that be very often the case . sanderson - and be human be therefore liable to mistake . now , miss Kelly and I - we have make a mistake here this afternoon and - and we would like to explain it to you . you see , the truth be that -- elwood - you - you and miss Kelly here ? sanderson - yes . elwood - out here - this afternoon ? sanderson - yes , Mr. dowd . we hope you will understand . elwood - oh , yes - yes ! I - this thing be often the basis of a very long , warm friendship . kelly - it be not Dr. sanderson 's fault , Mr. dowd , it be mine . sanderson - oh , no - the responsibility be all mine . elwood - well , you attitude may be old - fashioned , Doctor , but I like it . like it very much . sanderson - of course , if I have see you sister first - this would have be a entirely different story . elwood - well , now - there you surprise I . I think the world and all of veta , but I have suppose she would see she day . sanderson - oh , you must not attach too much blame to she , Mr. dowd . you see , she 's a very sick woman . why , she come in here insist that you need treatment . now , that 's - that 's perfectly ridiculous . elwood - oh , well , veta should not be upset about I . I get along fine . sanderson - she be extremely upset and plunge right away into a heat tirade about you drink - -- 11 close shot elwood smile knowingly & slyly at harvey - speak - sanderson o.s. -- - ing . elwood - ahhh , that be veta ! I - I tell veta not to worry about that . I - I will - I will take care of that . 12 close shot sanderson & kelly he f.g. - talk - sanderson - why , exactly . oh , I suppose that you take a drink now and then like the rest of -- 13 close up elwood react - smile up at harvey - lick lip - sanderson o.s. -- we . elwood - yes . yes , I do , Doctor . as a matter of fact , I be -- I would like one right now . 14 close shot sanderson & kelly amuse - he speak - sanderson - as a matter of fact , so would I . but she reaction to the whole matter be entirely too intense . do she drink , -- 15 mo shot in reception room ( high ) sanderson sit on edge of desk f.g. , back to camera , face elwood b.g. - Kelly at side - sanderson -- Mr. dowd ? elwood - oh , no . oh , no . oh , no . I - I do not think veta 's ever take a drink , Doctor . sanderson - I be go to surprise you . I think she have - and do - con - 16 close shot elwood sanderson o.s. -- - stantly . elwood - she - eh-uh - be that s- -- well - uh - I -- certainly be surprised ! be th-that -- 17 mo shot in reception room ( high ) sanderson seat on edge of desk near f.g. , face elwood b.g. - Kelly at side - camera pan & dolly as sanderson rise , move around & sit at desk f.g. - take papers from desk & write - elwood rise - sit - talk - sanderson - her alcoholism be not the basis for my diagnosis . it be when she become so emotional about this - this big white rabbit , uh - harvey . yes - I believe she call he harvey . elwood - well , harvey 's he name . uh , Doctor , before we go any further , I must insist you and miss Kelly allow I to introduce you to a friend -- sanderson - now , let I make my point , please , Mr. dowd . elwood - yes . sanderson - I think that you sister 's condition stem from trauma . elwood - from what ? sanderson - uh - trauma - spell t-r-a-u-m-a . it mean shock . there 's nothing unusual about it . there 's the birth trauma - the shock of be -- 18 close shot elwood speak with humor - sanderson o.s. -- bear -- elwood - that 's the one we never get over . kelly laugh o.s. 19 close shot sanderson & kelly he seat at desk f.g. - she at far side of desk - both amused - kelly laugh sanderson - you have a very nice sense of humor , Mr. dowd . have not he , miss Kelly ? kelly - oh , he certainly have ! 20 close shot elwood please - elwood - well , may I say the same for both of you ? 21 close up kelly smiling - sanderson o.s. - to sum it up , you sister 's condition -- 22 mo shot in reception room sanderson rise from chair f.g. as he talk - camera dolly in slightly as he move around desk & stop - talk to elwood b.g. - sanderson turn to camera & write on paper - elwood nudge harvey - sanderson stamp papers & move to elwood as elwood rise & step forward - sanderson give papers to elwood - camera move in - sanderson -- be serious but I can help she . she must , however , remain out here temporarily . elwood - uh-huh . well , I have always want veta to have everything she need . sanderson - exactly . elwood - uh - but I would not want veta to stay out here unless she like it out here and want to stay here . sanderson - well , if this be a ordinary delusion - something reflect on the memory picture - that would be one thing . but this - this be more serious . it stand to reason nobody have ever see a white rabbit six foot high . elwood - well , not very often , Doctor . sanderson - so she must be commit here temporarily . under the circumstance , I would commit my own grandmother . elwood - do you grandmother drink , too ? sanderson - that 's just a expression . now , here be the commitment papers for you to sign and here 's a visitor 's pass . you can come and see she whenever you like . elwood - yeah - well , I think maybe you would better have veta do this , Doctor . she always do all the signing and manage for we family . she 's good at it . 23 close up kelly look off - sanderson o.s. - ha. well , I will have you family lawyer take care of it -- 24 mo shot in reception room Kelly rise & take papers from sanderson as he & elwood talk - camera move in slightly - talk - camera pan & dolly with the three as they move along & exclude Kelly as the two man stop at door - camera pan as elwood & harvey move through ' two set of door & exit outside - sanderson -- judge gaffney . he 's already telephone we in connection with this matter . elwood - oh , be that so ? sanderson - yes . elwood - well . sanderson - you know , I like you , dowd . elwood - well , I like you , too , Doctor . and miss - miss Kelly here . I - I certainly do like you . kelly - oh , why - thank you , Mr. dowd ! elwood - you know , you - you two have be so pleasant - why do not we just uh - keep on go with this . I would like to invite you to come downtown with I and we will go to a charming little place call Charlie 's , and we will have a drink ? kelly - oh - well , I be sorry but we be on duty now . sanderson - yeah - give we a rain - check on it . some other time we would be glad to . elwood - when ? sanderson - well - I can not say off hand . uh - miss Kelly and I be on duty until ten o'clock tonight . elwood - well , ten o'clock will be fine . I will be wait for you . it 's at twelfth and Main . sanderson - uh - if we can make it . elwood - well , I will be wait . and the four of we will spend a very pleasant evening together . I - I want both of you to become friend with a very dear friend of mine -- but you say later on , do not you ? sanderson - yes - yes . elwood - all right - later on it will be . Goodbye . sanderson - Goodbye , Mr. dowd . 25 mo full shot side in reception room camera dolly in as Kelly & sanderson move chair back into customary position near desk - both relieved - talk - sanderson come forward - sanderson - Boy , that be a close shave ! but he seem like a pretty reasonable sort of a fellow . kelly - you handle he beautifully , Doctor . you be wonderful ! sanderson - psychology . specialize training . take year of it . 26 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 4 reel five 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 5 2 shoot across inside gate Gates open - gateman stand before gatehouse b.g. & tip he cap as Mrs. Chumley , drive through ' in she chauffeur - drive limousine - camera dolly in to side of car & pan as car turn & start around circle drive - car stop near lamppost on drive - elwood pick flower in bed by drive - look away toward b.g . - gateman - good afternoon , Mrs. Chumley . mrs . chumley - good afternoon , herman . oh , uh - stop the car , wesley , please . 3 close shot by car Mrs. Chumley lean out window - call - mrs . chumley - yoo-hoo ! 4 mo close shot before build elwood stand near flower in small park before building - turn & look off - camera pan as he move along edge of drive toward limousine b.g. - Mrs. Chumley lean out window - he tip hat - talk - mrs . chumley o.s. - yoo-hoo ! be there something I can do for you ? elwood - well , what do you have in mind ? mrs . chumley - uh --- 5 close shot by car Mrs. Chumley lean out window - elwood f.g. - they talk - he look about - step close to car - she lean back in car - he hold flower in one hand - mrs . chumley -- - ha ! you be walk on my husband 's prize dahlias . I be Mrs. Chumley - Dr. Chumley 's wife . elwood - oh ! uh - dowd 's my name . elwood P. uh - let I give you one of my - hm ? mrs . chumley - you be look for someone over there ? elwood - uh - yes . I be look for my friend , harvey . I turn my back for a instant and he seem to have wander off . mrs . chumley giggle elwood - I wish you could meet he , Mrs. Chumley . I - I be sure he would be quite take with you . mrs . chumley - oh , thank you . you be very nice to say so . elwood - oh , not at all - not at all . Mrs. Chumley , would you care to come downtown with I ? I would be happy to buy you a drink . 6 close up at car elwood f.g. talk to Mrs. Chumley in car - she startle - talk - mrs . chumley - oh - ho - I can not . my husband and I be go to a cocktail party . Dr. mcclure be give a party for he sister from wichita . elwood - oh - I do not know Dr. mcclure have a sister in wichita . mrs . chumley - then you know Dr. mcclure ? elwood - uh - no . mrs . chumley - but you -- elwood - but be you sure you would not have time to come downtown with I and have a drink ? mrs . chumley - no - I can not . I will tell you what I will do however . elwood - well , what will you do however ? I - I be interested . mrs . chumley - if I meet you friend inside , I will be glad to give he a message for you . elwood - would you do that for I ? I certainly would appreciate that . just tell he to meet I downtown - if he have no other plan . mrs . chumley - any particular place downtown ? elwood - uh - no - uh - he know where . harvey know this town like a book . mrs . chumley - but how will I recognize you friend ? 7 close up elwood camera tilt as he lean forward - smile - speak - elwood - oh , you can not miss he , Mrs. Chumley . he 's a pooka . 8 close up mrs . chumley & elwood Mrs. Chumley face elwood & camera - react - puzzle - mrs . chumley - ( giggle ) a pooka ? be that something new ? 9 close up elwood smiling - talk - camera with he as he straighten up - sincere - elwood - no - no , as I understand it , that 's something very old . but harvey 's not only a pooka , he 's also my best friend . oh - if harvey 's say to I once , I will bet he 's say - oh , probably a million time - he 's say , " Mr. dowd , I would do anything for you . " 10 close up mrs . chumley touched - mrs . chumley - how sweet ! 11 close up elwood please - lean over as he talk - elwood - yes . he 's also very fond of my sister , veta - but veta do not seem to care for harvey . now do not you think that 's rather too bad , Mrs. Chumley ? 12 close up at car elwood & Mrs. Chumley talk - she in car - mrs . chumley - I do not know , Mr. dowd . I give up long ago expect my family to like my friend . it 's useless . elwood - well , we must keep on try , though , must not we ? mrs . chumley - oh , yes . elwood laugh - well , good - bye , my dear . 13 close shot side of car Mrs. Chumley & chauffeur lean out window & look off after elwood as he exit near camera - talk - car drive off at side - mrs . chumley - good-bye . wesley , do he say ' pooka ' ? wesley - yes , mar 'am . that 's the man say . mrs . chumley laugh 14 view of ground from gatehouse elwood come forward along drive as he look off - try to put flower in buttonhole in coat - camera pan & pull back as he stop by gatehouse - show pass to gateman - watch as gateman move lever at side of gatehouse - gateman - you pass ? elwood - oh ? oh , yes , sir . here it be . there you be . gateman - dowd . elwood - elwood P. 15 mo shot inside gate elwood look at gate as they slide open - he move up to track on which gate slide open - impressed - turn to gateman - elwood - well , be not that interesting ? gateman - yes - I construct this myself . elwood - be -- 16 close shot near gatehouse elwood f.g. - intrigue - turn to gateman b.g. - watch as gateman move lever back - gate slide across & close before elwood - gate open again as gateman demonstrate for elwood - elwood move to gateman - shake hand - talk - elwood explain as he give card to gateman - camera pull back before elwood - he turn - watch as gate close behind he - exit - gateman start forward - elwood -- that so ? well , I will declare . gateman - it 's very simple . see ? close . open . elwood - why , you be a very brilliant man ! gateman - thank you . my name be herman shimelplatzer - but everybody just call I herman . elwood - well , you be to be congratulate , Mr. shimelplatzer . gateman - thank you . elwood - yeah - would uh - would - uh would you care to come over to my house for dinner tomorrow night ? I be have a few friend in -- just informally . gateman - well , I certainly would . that 's very nice of you , Mr. dowd . elwood - here - uh - let I - let I give you one of my card . now , if you should want to call I , call I at this number . do not call I at that one . that 's the old one . good-bye . that 's remarkable . ... dissolves into mo shot end in reception room door of Chumley 's office open b.g. - he follow Mrs. Chumley out - come forward - she stop - Kelly come on at side b.g. - exit - camera pull back before Chumley as he come forward - sanderson come on to he from f.g. - talk - camera pan as Chumley move back to Kelly near table - she help he put on overcoat - reach for he hat - he quickly snatch up harvey 's hat & put it on as he talk to sanderson - pre-occupy - Mrs. Chumley come forward - she , Kelly & sanderson follow Chumley - see hat - he ignore they - exit - three turn as Wilson hurry down stair b.g. - irritate - mrs . chumley - I hate to take you away like this , Willie , but we do promise Dr. mcclure to be there -- chumley - yes , pet . mrs . chumley -- early . chumley - one moment , angel . my hat and coat , miss Kelly . kelly - yes , Dr. Chumley . chumley - Dr. sanderson ! sanderson o.s. - yes , Doctor ? chumley - I be leave for the day . now , about the difficulty of this woman with the big white rabbit -- have it be smoothe over ? sanderson - yes , Doctor . chumley - good . while I have have many patient out here with animal , I have never before have a patient with a animal that large . sanderson - yes , Doctor . she call he harvey . chumley - unusual name for a animal of any kind . I want she to have a hypo at six - with another one at nine . mrs . chumley - Willie -- chumley - yes , yes , my pet - I be come . my formula - nine-seven-seven . mrs . chumley - but , listen , Willie -- sanderson - yes , Doctor , but -- wilson - hey , now - look , now - somebody 's gonna have to give I a hand with that simmon dame ! she 's terrible ! 17 close shot chumley come on from side - stop & turn to camera - wilson o.s. - you know , I have to take she corset off all by myself ? 18 mo full shot side in reception hall Mrs. Chumley , Kelly , sanderson & Wilson look off toward camera - camera pan as Wilson come forward to Chumley - react at harvey 's hat on Chumley 's head - Mrs. Chumley & Kelly come on - Kelly hand he hat to Chumley as he remove harvey 's hat - camera pan as Chumley & other move to sanderson b.g. - all react as Chumley put finger through ' two hole in crown - toss it down on desk - camera pull back & pan - all react - Wilson dash off at side - Chumley glaring at he wife - she retreat - wilson - hiya , Dr. Chumley ! how 's every little -- hey ! what 's with you and that hat ? ( chuckle ) chumley - hat ? mrs . chumley giggle kelly - here 's you hat , Dr. Chumley . chumley - I be wear my hat . mrs . chumley - Willie , my dear , a few minute ago there be something that I think you should -- chumley - this be not my hat . it must be yours , Doctor . sanderson - no , Doctor , mine be - mine be in -- chumley - why , of course it 's not yours . mrs . chumley - angel , I would like to say -- chumley - oh , no , dear - of course it 's not yours . mrs . chumley - ( laugh ) he will not let I talk . chumley - but whose hat be it ? look at this ! two hole cut in the crown . hm ! it 's probably some new fad ! kelly - perhaps Mr. dowd leave it here , sir . chumley - dowd ? mrs . chumley - yes , dear , that 's what I be -- sanderson - that 's Mrs. simmon ' brother , doctor . I give he a pass . mrs . chumley - oh , Willie , dear , that 's what I have be try to tell you . a few minute ago I meet a gentleman at the gate . his name be dowd . he say he be look for a friend of he name - uh - harvey . chumley , sanderson , kelly & wilson - harvey ! mrs . chumley - yes - yes , harvey . wilson - Holy smoke ! I leave the water run on that simmon dame in a ( off scene ) hydro tub ! mrs . chumley - why be you look at I like that , Willie ? he - he - he be a nice , polite man . 19 close pan shot dr . & mrs . chumley as he back she across , menace - talk - Wilson talk on phone b.g. - Kelly stand by sanderson - Mrs. Chumley exit at side as Chumley turn & move toward sanderson b.g. - grim - camera dolly after they as Chumley back sanderson across room - stop near table - mrs . chumley - he say he friend be a pooka - uh - whatever that be ! wilson - gimme Upper West - R , quick ! chumley - where do he go , Mrs. Chumley ? mrs . chumley - oh - he go downtown . wilson - hello , dunphy ? I leave that simmon dame ( off scene ) soakin ' in thirteen ! do I a favor , will ya , honey - turn off the juice ? chumley - so , you give he a pass , Dr. sanderson ?! perhaps they neglect to tell you at medical school that a rabbit have large point ear !?! do you know what you have do ? you have allow a psychopathic case to walk out of here and roam around with a overgrown white rabbit ! you have laid I open to a lawsuit ! I shall have to do something I have not do for fifteen year ! I will have to go after this man , dowd , and bring he back ! but when I do , Dr. sanderson , you connection with this institution will have end - as of that moment ! 20 mo full shot in reception hall Chumley b.g. shout at Wilson f.g. - come forward to Mrs. Chumley as Wilson run off b.g. - Mrs. Chumley follow Chumley as he stride to b.g. - sanderson & Kelly exit quickly at side - camera dolly up to table as Mrs. Chumley stop by table - Chumley exit into office b.g. as Wilson run forward - stop by Mrs. Chumley - talk - she exit at side - chumley - Wilson , get the car ! wilson - yes , Doctor . chumley - I be sorry , pet , but you will have to go to the mcclure ' without I . take a cab . you two , get that woman out of the tub ! sanderson - yes , sir . mrs . chumley - Willie ! chumley - I be go to call my attorney . mrs . chumley - oh. oh , Wilson ! wilson - yes , mar 'am ? mrs . chumley - what 's a pooka ? wilson - what 's a what ? mrs . chumley - a pooka . wilson - a pooka ? mrs . chumley - uh-hn . wilson - you could search I , Mrs. Chumley ! mrs . chumley sigh 21 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 5 reel six 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 6 2 close shot mrs . chumley int . sanitarium take dictionary from top of filing cabinet - open it - Wilson enter - look over she shoulder - she look at watch - put down volume - exit - Wilson put on coat - look down at dictionary - pick it up - read slowly - camera move up slowly to a close up as he read - react - look around - camera pan as he step to b.g. - shake book vigorously - put book down suddenly as Chumley come out of office b.g. - camera pan as Wilson rush to Chumley - speak excitedly - Chumley too busy & hurried to listen - exit f.g. - Wilson follow , exite - mrs . chumley - p - o - poo - pooka ! ( chuckle ) oh dear . I be already late for the mcclure ' . and I do ( o.s. ) promise they I would be on time . wilson - " p o o k a - pooka - from old celtic mythology - a fairy spirit in animal form - always very large . the pooka appear here and there - now and then - to this one - and that one - a benign but mischievous creature - very fond of rumpot , crackpot , and how be you , Mr. Wilson ? " " how be you , Mr. Wilson ? " ! who in the encyclopedia want to know ? chumley - Wilson ! wilson - Doctor - Dr. Chumley , the screwiest -- chumley - let 's go . wilson -- thing just hap -- chumley - I know - I know ! and , believe I , head will roll . wilson - but Dr. Chumley I be ( o.s. ) lookin ' - - 3 mo shot ext . build camera pan as Chumley & Wilson rush out of door & to car on drive - car drive to f.g . - chumley - Quick ! downtown - step on it ! 4 mo long shot build car move around drive to f.g. - camera pan slightly - ... dissolves into mo shot on stair int . dowd home myrtle rush down stair to f.g. - camera tilt down & pan as she hurry to front door b.g. - camera dolly up somewhat as judge gaffney burst through front door to f.g. - remove hat - hurry forward in a dither - myrtle come forward - talk - judge toss hat & briefcase to sofa - take off coat - camera dolly back & pan as they come forward - turn around end of staircase & go to b.g. into library - agitate - judge - where 's you mother ? where be she ? myrtle - well , she take uncle elwood out to the sanitarium . I think you know . judge - she just call I on the phone at the club . she be hysterical . where 's you phone ? myrtle - in the library . what on earth be mother hysterical about ? judge - I do not know - I could not make out what she be talk about . she be carryin ' on something fierce . what 's the number of that sanitarium ? myrtle - I will look it up . I do not know what mother have to carry on about . 5 mo close shot the two in library come forward to desk & telephone - myrtle look in directory for number - they talk - excited - camera pan as they turn to b.g. to see veta staggering down hall to f.g. - clothes disorderly - hat on crooked - a sad figure - myrtle & judge start toward veta - myrtle - all she have to do be have uncle elwood lock up . judge - maybe that 's it . you know I feel bad about havin ' elwood lock up . I always like that boy . he coulda do anything - be anything - make a place for himself in the community . myrtle - and all he do be get a big rabbit . judge - yeah , I know . he 's have that rabbit up in my office many a time . I be old but I do not miss much . myrtle - what 's the name of this place ? Chumley 's what ? judge - ah - Chumley 's rest. yeah - elwood have everything - brain - personality and friend - man like he - woman like he - I like he . myrtle - woman like he ? uncle elwood !? mother ! veta - myrtle ! judge - veta Louise ! veta - oh - oh . 6 mo close shot veta in hall as myrtle & judge rush from f.g. to she - camera dolly back as they help veta into chair in library - veta complain bitterly - take off hat - talk incessantly - judge & myrtle listen - concerned - veta drop head & sob - camera tilt up as judge straighten - tilt down as he lean down to speak to veta - camera pan as myrtle stand & cross in from of judge & around behind veta 's chair - veta - oh - oh ... judge - what 's wrong , girl ? veta - I think I would never see either of you again . myrtle - oh take hold of she , judge - she look like she 's go to faint . veta - oh not so fast . myrtle - now you be all right . you know you be all right . judge - do not rush she , myrtle . ease she in . veta - just get I where I can sit down . somewhere - let I sit down somewhere . myrtle - over here . judge - there you be , girl . get she some tea . myrtle - I will get you some tea . judge - you want some tea , veta ? veta - oh , no - I do not want any tea . oh ! the minute they back be turn I run like a frighten rabbit - I -- oh ! I do not mean to say that . I - I do not know what I be say . just let I sit here - let I get my breath . myrtle - now let she get she breath . yes , mother ? veta - let I get my breath and then - let I get upstairs to my own bed where I can let go . myrtle - mother , what happen to you ? veta - Omar , I want you to sue they . they put I in and let elwood out . judge - what 's this ? myrtle - mother ! veta - as I be go down to the taxi cab to get elwood 's thing , this awful man step out - he be a white slaver - I know he be - he be wear one of that white suit - that 's how they advertise . myrtle - a man ? what do he do ? veta - what do he do ? he grab hold of I and he take I in there and then he -- ( sob ) oh-ho-ho . judge - go on , veta Louise . go on , girl . myrtle - go on , mother . poor mother . be he a young man ? judge - myrtle mae , perhaps you would better leave the room . myrtle - now ? I should say not ! go on , mother . judge - well what do he do , veta ? veta - he take I upstairs and he tore my clothes off . ( sob ) myrtle - oh do you hear that , judge ? go on , mother . veta - and then he dumped I down in a tub of water . myrtle - oh , for heaven 's sake . judge - by godfrey , I will sue they for this ! veta - I always think that what you be show in you face . do not you believe it , judge . do not you believe it , myrtle mae - that man grab hold of I like I be a woman of the street - but I fight . I always say that if a man jump at I , I would fight . have not I always say that , myrtle mae ? myrtle - she 's always say that , judge . that 's what mother 's always tell I to do . veta - well he hustle I into the sanitarium and dumped I down in that tub of water and treat I as though I be a -- myrtle - a what ? veta - a crazy woman . but he do that just for spite . 7 close up judge judge - well , I will be swizzle . veta o.s. - and then one of that doc -- 8 close up veta talk - excitedly - veta -- tor come upstairs and ask I a lot of question - all about sex urge and all that filthy stuff . that place ought to be clean up , judge . you ought to get the authority to clean it up . 9 mo close shot the three ( crane ) judge come forward & stand by desk back to camera - listen to veta - turn to f.g. - camera pan & pull back as he cross around end of desk and sit at desk f.g. , back to camera - veta stand - judge exit side around end of desk - camera crane up closer to myrtle & veta as they start toward hall b.g. - judge enter & move to they - talk - veta take few step to b.g. - turn & talk , wave she hat with the plume toward myrtle & judge gaffney - veta - do not you ever go out there , you hear I , myrtle mae ? judge - this stink to high heaven , girl . by godfrey , it stink . veta - judge gaffney , be that all that doctor do in place like that ? think about sex ? judge - I do not know . veta - because if it be they ought to be ashamed of themselves . it 's all in they head anyway . why do not they get out and take long walk in the fresh air ? judge gaffney walk everywhere for year , do not you , judge ? myrtle - didja ? judge - I would better take some note on this . you say - one of the doctor come up to - to talk to you ? veta - yes - Dr. sanderson - but do not pay any attention to anything he say . he 's a liar . Close - set eye . they be always liar . besides I tell he something in strictest confidence and he blabbe it . you can not trust anyone . myrtle - what do you tell he , mother ? veta - oh , well I - uh - what difference do it make ? I do not want to - to think about it . I do not want to talk about it . ( whimper ) judge - anything you tell Dr. sanderson you can tell we , veta Louise . this be you daughter and I be you lawyer . veta - I know which be which - I do not want to talk about it - I want to sue they and I want to get upstairs to my own bed . I should never have try to do anything about elwood - something protect he - that awful pooka - myrtle - uh where be uncle elwood ? veta - well how should I know ? they let he go . they be not interested in man at place like that -- 10 mo close shot the three in hall camera pan on veta & myrtle as they cross to foot of stair - judge come on to they - talk - Wilson come in front door b.g. - camera dolly in closer as veta exit up stair - judge confront Wilson - veta -- you ought to know that , myrtle mae . do not be so naive . myrtle - mother , no matter who jump at you , we still have to find uncle elwood and lock he up . veta - the next time , you take he , judge . oh , wait till elwood hear what they do to I - he will not stand for it . you have get to sue they , judge . myrtle mae , I hope that never , never as long as you live a man tear the clothes off you and set you down in a tub of water . ( scream ) ooo ! there he be - there he be now - he 's after I ! judge - stay where you be , young man ! 11 close up on stair veta come on side , ascend stair to b.g. - hurry up to landing - shouting - veta - knock he down , judge - kick he - kick he ! do not let he get I ! 12 mo close high shot in hall myrtle back to camera f.g. watch as judge & Wilson talk - judge dash off up stair , exite - Wilson , cigar in mouth , stride forward near myrtle - look around for elwood - myrtle stand stare admiringly at Wilson - Wilson exit - myrtle , daze , almost exit after he - judge - veta , please - I want you to confront this man with you charge . wilson - hey I do not want no part of that wacky dame - I be lookin ' for that other screwball . he 's gotta go back to Chumley 's Rest . veta o.s. - kick he , judge . judge - veta ! do you hear that ? ( o.s. ) do you hear that , veta ? wilson - where be he ? ( o.s. ) where be this guy , elwood -- 13 mo shot side in live room Wilson go to b.g. - camera dolly up after myrtle as she follow he - talk - Wilson come forward to myrtle - she stare at he - he come forward - look off - around - myrtle come forward to he - camera pan as he move closer to she - she back up against door frame - he relax - chat with myrtle - tip he cap - put hand on door frame back of myrtle 's head - they face very close - he turn to b.g. - camera pan & dolly as they cross live room to b.g . - wilson -- P. dowd , that screwball with a rabbit ? what 's the matter ? you goofy , too ? you a member of this cock -ey family ? myrtle - I - I be Mrs. simmon ' daughter and uncle elwood be my uncle . wilson - now look , kid , I be to four fire and fourteen gin-mills lookin ' for that crackpot and the bartender give I a tip he be here . come with a bundle . now where be he ? what would you do with he ? you hidin ' he ? myrtle - no - I be not hide he . wilson - hey - my name 's marvin Wilson , honey . what 's yours ? myrtle - myrtle mae - and I be not afraid of you . wilson - myrtle mae , huh ? myrtle - yeah . wilson - you know if we grab you uncle you will probably be comin ' out to the sanitarium on visitin ' day . myrtle - oh , really , I do not know . I - wilson - well , if you do , I will be there . myrtle - you will ? wilson - if you do not see I right away , stick around for a little while - I will show up . myrtle - wo not you sit down ? wilson - yeah - I get no time , kid . I gotta find that screwy uncle of yours and be on my way - now where be he ? 14 close shot of the two myrtle talk brightly to Wilson - he walk around she - interested - camera pan - she move closer to he - thrilled - motion off toward kitchen - he come forward - perturb - camera dolly as they cross & exit into dining room - wilson - where would you put he ? myrtle - oh - I do not put he anywhere . why , I want you to catch he just as much as you want to catch he . I can not even have any caller when he 's around . wilson - you - should not have any trouble about caller , honey . myrtle - thank you very much . wilson - yeah I will tell you something ' else , myrt . myrtle - yeah ? wilson - you not only get a - a nice build but you get something else , too . myrtle - really , what ? wilson - you get the screwiest uncle that ever stick he puss inside we nuthouse . myrtle - uh - uh - would you like a cup of coffee ? wilson - yeah - I can not , kid . Dr. Chumley 's check all the police station - I better catch up with he . myrtle - you look awfully hungry , Mr. Wilson . how about a sandwich ? wilson - yeah , but I do not want that crazy dame on my neck . myrtle - oh do not worry about mother . she will not come down right away . she 's too frighten . would you like a ham and rye ? wilson - how about a egg and onion ? myrtle - I would love to make you a egg and onion . the egg and onion be wait for you in the kitchen . suppose we go in the kitchen , Mr. Wilson . you can relax and be yourself in there . do you like you work , Mr. Wilson ? wilson - oh I do ( o.s. ) now , myrtle , I do now . myrtle o.s. shriek 15 mo high shot int . hall camera pan as elwood come through front door & down hall to f.g. - he carry what seem to be a picture - wrap in paper - he look around - exit near camera - 16 mo close shot int . library camera pan as elwood cross & set picture down - come forward & dial number - straighten up - wait - remember - lean over & dial the last digit - speak into phone - camera dolly closer - he hang up phone - turn to picture b.g. - remove paper disclose portrait of himself with harvey , the white rabbit , stand back of he , one paw affectionately drape over elwood 's shoulder - elwood hold portrait before he - pleased - set it up on mantel obscure portrait of veta 's mother already hang over fireplace - camera tilt down as elwood take wrapping paper from sofa - camera dolly after he as he go toward hall b.g . - elwood - Charlie 's place ? oh , Mr. cracker . uh , Mr. cracker , this be elwood P. dowd speak - uh - tell I - have you see harvey ? uh-huh . well , do not worry , I will find he . and Mr. cracker , I be entertaining some friend down there tonight at ten o'clock . May I have my regular booth ? oh , fine , thank you . good-bye . 17 part title universal -international / " harvey " / end of part / 6 reel seven 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 7 2 close up elwood in hall at foot of stair - look around for harvey - camera dolly after he - he exit side in hall - camera move in closer to live room - myrtle come out cautiously from dining room - Wilson dash out after she - he be eat a sandwich - they come forward - camera pan as he dash away to side - she grab he arm - they talk - he chuck she under chin - camera pan as he go b.g. toward front door - elwood call - harvey ! harvey ? myrtle - hello ? wilson - come on , myrtle . do not you want to come back in the kitchen and get acquainted ? myrtle - I think I hear voice . wilson - well what kinda voice ? come on , myrtle . I wanta talk to ya . myrtle - well it sound something like " harvey . " wilson - harvey ? well I would better get goin ' myrtle . myrtle - oh , but marvin , you have not finish you egg and onion . wilson - Business before pleasure , honey . even if it 's a pleasure bein ' with you . you make a great egg and onion , kid . a great egg and onion . myrtle - do not you want to come back to the kitchen for some more ? 3 close shot wilson munch sandwich as he stand near front door - throw kiss off to f.g. - camera pan as he cross hastily to door - myrtle run on past camera - as Wilson reach door Chumley come forward from porch b.g. - confront Wilson - rave at he - camera pull back as Chumley remove hat & walk forward , wiping he brow with handkerchief - myrtle start after Wilson - turn & run forward to Chumley - agitate - almost hysterical - camera pull back as Chumley come forward to judge gaffney who come on from side down hall stair - myrtle come forward & stand back of the two as they talk - camera dolly up as judge & other turn to b.g. - judge pick up hat & coat - go to b.g. - camera pan as Chumley follow - talk - judge exit through door - Chumley come forward - myrtle yank at he arm - stop he short - he react - she stare straight at he - they both look off & up - wilson - I will see you tomorrow , myrtle - out at the nut house . myrtle - but , marvin , you do not finish you sandwich and ... chumley - Wilson ! what happen to you ? wilson - he 's not here , Doctor . chumley - then what be you do here ? wilson - well I be just havin ' a little fun -- chumley - what be you eat ? wilson - a egg and onion sandwich . chumley - how could you think of food at a time like this ? get over to the Union Station . I be tell this fellow dowd go down there to watch train . wilson - yeah all right , Doctor . myrtle - well , marvin -- why do you send he away ? oh gee , some people can certainly pick the best time to keep other people from become acquainted . chumley - now , now , now , my dear - oh , judge gaffney - judge o.s. - Chumley - just the man I want to see . ( on scene ) Mrs. simmon have just retain I to file suit against you . chumley - you know I have be search -- file suit ? judge - I be on my way to the office to draw up the necessary papers . chumley - judge gaffney , what happen this afternoon be a unfortunate mistake , but I have dismiss my assistant -- judge - we shall see what we shall see . chumley - now please - there must be some way ... judge - you will hear from I in the morning . good-bye . chumley - but surely , judge , there -- this be most unfortunate - most unfortunate . veta o.s. - oh , judge gaffney ! 4 mo shot up to stair landing myrtle & Chumley f.g. look up as veta descend stair to f.g. - camera pan on she as she come down - speak to Chumley - he go to b.g. down hall - myrtle exit side - Chumley stop - turn to f.g. - come forward to talk to veta - she move out of f.g. - exit - Chumley follow - veta - judge gaffney , I want -- why you be not judge gaffney - oh you have much more hair than he do - besides I never forget a face . chumley - I be Doctor Chumley - you be Mrs. simmon , of course . veta - oh , yes , of course . I be glad to know you , Dr. Chumley . uh would you mind ask - uh - judge gaffney to come back here please . chumley - why certainly - certainly . veta - I want to tell he to sue you for a hundred thousand dollar . I do not think fifty thousand be enough . chumley ( clear throat ) - uh , Mrs. simmon , can not we talk this matter over ? veta - after what happen to I today - in the bathtub , and everything , I do not want to talk it over . chumley - well , then , will you please just listen ? 5 mo close shot veta & chumley in door to library - camera pan as they cross toward f.g. - she answer telephone - picture of elwood & harvey over mantel - Chumley react as he look at it - veta hang up - Chumley motion to picture - she speak of it without look to b.g. - then turn to b.g. - react at what she see - camera pan & dolly up as she nearly faint - Chumley help she to sofa - she point at the picture over the mantel - Chumley answer phone - hold hand over mouthpiece - motion to veta - she get up & come forward to phone - speak - Chumley lean over to hear what he can - veta - I do not want to listen to you - I be suing you . chumley - Mrs. simmon , please listen to I . I beg of you . veta - oh well I will listen - all right - but I be warning you , it will not do you any good . hello . oh no I be not listen to my radio . I be listen to Dr. Chumley . I just tell he so . chumley - Mrs. simmon ! uh - that picture over the mantel . veta - that portrait of my mother , Doctor , happen to be the pride of this house . chumley - who paint it ? veta - oh , some man - I forget he name - he be around here for the sitting , and then we pay he and he go away . chumley - yes , I suppose if you have the money , you can persuade people to do anything . veta - now , Dr. Chumley -- you bring this up - you might as well learn something quickly . I take a course in art last winter . I learn the difference between a fine oil painting and a mechanical thing - like a photograph . the photograph show only the reality . the painting show not only the reality , but the dream behind it . it 's we dream , Doctor , that carry we on . they separate we from the beast - I would not want to go on live if I think it be all just eat and sleep and take my clothes off - I mean put they on . oh - oo - oo ! oh , Doctor ! chumley - Mrs. simmon - steady now - veta moan & scream ad lib chumley - steady - do not get excited . everything 's go to be all right . what 's the matter ? veta - Doctor - that be not my mother . chumley - oh - I be very glad to hear that . veta - elwood 's be here . he 's be here , Doctor . chumley - now , now , now . better be quiet . veta - oh ! ( moan ) chumley - I will take it . hello - yes , yes . who 's call ? ( indistinct ) it 's you brother . veta - let I talk to he . chumley - yes - well , now - be careful . do not let he know that I be here . be casual . veta - no , I will not - yes - yes , I will be casual . yes , yes . hello , elwood . where be you , dear ? 6 close up elwood int . phone booth in charlie' bar he speak into phone - elwood - oh , I be here , veta . be - be harvey there ? 7 close up veta & chumley she hold phone down - speak to Chumley - speak into phone - hold phone down - speak to Chumley - he turn away - come back as veta speak into phone again - veta - he will not say where he be . he want to know if harvey be here . chumley - tell he harvey be here . veta - oh but he be not . chumley - I know that , but pretend he be - say he be - we have get to humor he . veta - all right - hello , elwood - yes , dear . harvey 's here . why do not you come home ? it will not work - he want we to call harvey to the telephone . chumley - well - uh - say harvey 's here , but he can not come to the phone because he 's in the bathtub . veta - oh , Doctor ! chumley - we have get to do it , Mrs. simmon . veta - El - elwood - yes , dear . harvey be here but he can not come to the telephone . he 's in the bathtub . I will send he over as soon as he 's dry . where be you , dear ? 8 close up elwood in booth at charlie' bar look to b.g. - speak on phone - knock on glass & hold up two finger to Mr. cracker b.g. - turn to phone - speak - hang up phone - start to exit - elwood - why , I - I - I be - oh never mind - veta , harvey just walk in the door down here - yeah - oh - Mr. cracker , two martinis - yeah - good -bye , veta . you - you better look in the bathtub . it must be a stranger . 9 close shot veta & chumley she hang up the phone - they talk - camera pan & dolly as they cross to hall - Chumley go to b.g. - turn & speak to veta - he exit - she call up stair - walk forward - react - walk forward into library - veta - he say that harvey just walk through the door . it must be a stranger in the bathtub , but I know where he be - he 's at Charlie 's bar - that 's a bar over at twelfth and Main . chumley - twelfth and Main - that 's two over and one down , be not it ? veta - yes . where be you go , Doctor ? chumley - I be go over to get you brother and bring he back and take he to the sanitarium where he belong . I want to observe the expression on he face when he talk to this rabbit . he do talk to the rabbit you say ? veta - oh , they tell each other everything . chumley - good - what ? veta - I say , yes , he talk to he , but , Doctor - - chumley - oh. veta -- do not go out there . you will regret it if you do . chumley - nonsense , Mrs. simmon . you underestimate I . veta - no , no - you underestimate my brother . chumley - do not worry - I can handle he . veta - you can handle he - that 's what you think . myrtle mae - see who the stranger be in the bathtub ! oh ! ... fade out 10 fade in - mo shot at gate of chumley' rest ( night ) sanitarium b.g. across lawn - ... dissolves into mo shot int . foyer of sanitarium sanderson & Kelly look to b.g. as patient cross & exit - talk - he come forward with book - she look at he eagerly - step to he - sanderson - sound funny but I will miss this place . I guess I will miss a lot of thing around here . kelly - you will ? sanderson - you will not laugh ? kelly - of course not . sanderson - you know how it be work around people day after day - you sorta get attach to they . 11 close up kelly & sanderson favore she - she look hopefully up at he - he speak impersonally - exit f.g. - she react - speak coldly - start off to f.g . - kelly - I know , lyman . sanderson - it may be ridiculous , but I be go to miss every one of the psychos and the neuros and the schizo in the place . I - I guess I will even miss Dr. Chumley . in spite of the fact that he fire I , I have a genuine admiration for he . kelly - well you can miss you psychos and you schizo , Dr , Sand -- 12 close shot sanderson Kelly step to he from past camera - stand back to camera - kelly o.s. -- erson , and you can miss whom - ( on scene ) - ever you please . but after you leave here -- 13 close up kelly hurt - angry - speak to sanderson as he come on past camera - camera pan as she turn & walk across room to b.g. - he follow - camera dolly up closer - they stop by desk - talk - camera dolly as they move b.g. to stairway - talk - kelly -- I will not miss a thing - not a single solitary thing . sanderson - now what 's wrong ? kelly - nothing - I - I come down here to say good - bye to you , so good - bye , good luck and good riddance . sanderson - why , you can not even say good - bye without put it on a personal basis . kelly - oh , do not flatter yourself , doctor . there 's nothing personal about this . sanderson - I think you have be work too hard , Kelly . you be get neurotic . kelly - now do not start analyze I . save you psychiatry for you next job . sanderson - I be not use psychiatry , miss Kelly - and let I give you a little friendly advice - that chip on you shoulder stem from a persecution complex that undoubtedly go back to childhood . kelly - well thanks so much for the case history , doctor . now could you tell I what a over- inflate ego stem from ? sanderson - now listen here ! 14 close pan shot wilson come through door into foyer - stop as he see Kelly & sanderson b.g. - camera dolly up as he step to sanderson - talk - Kelly sulk b.g. as she lean against pillar - Wilson & sanderson shake hand - Wilson go to b.g. - speak to Kelly - camera pull back as sanderson take hat & coat - start forward - Wilson come forward to sanderson - talk - Kelly interested - move forward - Wilson look at he watch - puzzle - wilson - hya , Kelly . hya , doc. hey , I be glad I catch you before you leave . I be sorry you get bounce and I want to tell you we be all gonna miss you . sanderson - thanks , Wilson . wilson - hey , any of the patient be actin ' up , Kelly ? kelly - everything 's just peachy . wilson - that 's good - when be you takin ' off , Doc ? sanderson - right now - I be just wait for Dr. Chumley to get back . wilson - hey , wait a second . do not Dr. Chumley come back here with that psycho ? kelly - well we think he be with you . wilson - no. I leave he with that simmon dame . then when I call back later to check with he , she tell I the doctor go to bring she bro -- say , that be four hour ago ! sanderson - have you any idea where he go ? 15 close up sanderson , wilson & kelly Wilson excited - disturb - talk - Wilson poke at Kelly 's mid-riff as he talk - camera pan as they dash across - stop Kelly rush to b.g. - exit - reappear with coat - remove nurse 's cap & put it on table as all hurry to f.g. - camera pan as they rush through front door - Wilson turn as other exit - camera pan & dolly with he as he take a blackjack from desk - slap he hand - react in pain - camera pan as he rush across & start through front door b.g . - wilson - uh - yeah - uh - no . sanderson - come on - come on . wilson - I do not know - I can not think and poor Dr. Chumley may be lie in a alley in a pool of blood . kelly - but Mr. dowd seem harmless enough this afternoon . wilson - listen , Kelly , I be wrasslin ' this guy for year , and they be pretty tricky . you know , one minute they be sweet and the next minute ( pssp ! ) they give you the knife . sanderson - the name of the place , Wilson . wilson - uh - the name of the place - sanderson - yes . wilson -- a bar room - a guy 's name - Charlie - Charlie 's place - I remember -- sanderson - well that 's a lead - we will start from there . kelly - well never mind , Dr. sanderson . I will go with Wilson - you need not bother . sanderson - now , listen , Kelly , until Dr. Chumley come back , I be still in charge here . wilson - yeah , all right , but let 's get go . let 's not stand and argue about it . hurry up ! ( ad lib ) ... dissolves into mo long shot ext . business corner ( night ) camera pan as station wagon zoom down street & turn corner to f.g. - stop - Wilson , sanderson & Kelly alight - go to b.g. & start into Charlie 's bar - wilson - yeah , this be the place . 16 mo close shot at bar int . charlie' place sanderson , Wilson & Kelly rush in through door b.g. & come forward - sanderson look about - Mr. cracker step to he - talk - camera dolly in closer - Wilson lean on Mr. meegles ' shoulder - meegles shove he away - Kelly step forward - speak to cracker - cracker point o.s . - cracker - well what will it be , folk ? sanderson - we be look for someone . two men-- wilson - yeah - a tall short one - and a thin fat one . wh - I be so nervous I do not know what I be say . sanderson - one man be short and middle - age - the other be much taller and young - they might have be here about four hour ago . cracker - nope - can not say that I have . we be runnin ' to medium size all evening . kelly - the tall man be soft -spoken and sorta polite . his name be dowd . cracker - oh , dowd ? why do not you say so ? he 's here now - over in the back booth . 17 . mo shot elwood in booth Dancing couple pass before camera - obscure he - 18 mo high shot int . bar ( crane shot ) sanderson , Wilson & Kelly make way forward through dance couple to elwood who stand by booth - Wilson grab he lapel - sanderson & Kelly push he away from elwood - camera crane down closer as they talk - Wilson go to b.g. through crowd - elwood reach o.s. for bouquet of flower which he hand to Kelly - she be pleased & surprised - they talk - elwood invite they to join he - Kelly start to move forward into booth - wilson - be he alone ? cracker - well , there 's two school of think , sir . wilson - if that crackpot do anything to Dr. Chumley , I will knock he tooth down he throat . sanderson - no rough stuff , Wilson . psychology - I will do the talk . elwood - well I have be expect you . wilson - all right where 's the doctor ? what would you do with he ? sanderson - Wilson ! Wilson , why do not you take a careful look around the place ? elwood - uh , why do not you do that , Mr. Wilson , although I do not believe it 's for sale . miss - miss Kelly - this be for you . kelly - why thank you , Mr. dowd . elwood - it 's a pleasure my dear . you know , doctor , after what happen this afternoon - this flower really should be from you , should not they ? sanderson - yes , but ... elwood - well - uh - now - will not you join I ? sanderson - oh , Mr. dowd , I be afraid we can not do that . the situation have change since this afternoon , but I urge you to have no resentment . Dr. Chumley be you friend and he only want to help you . elwood - well be not that nice of he . I will be very glad to help he , too . sanderson - you know we all must face reality , dowd , sooner or later . elwood - uh huh - well , I wrestle with reality for thirty - five year , doctor , and I be happy to state I finally win out over it . kelly - Mr. dowd , where be Dr. Chumley ? elwood - well not know , I can not say . wish I could . m- miss Kelly , I do not like to see you stand - sanderson - sit down , Kelly . 19 part title universal -international / " harvey " / end of part / 7 reel EIGHT 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 8 2 close up in booth at charlie be ( night ) Kelly sit f.g. - sanderson sit by she - elwood sit face they & camera - talk - couple dance b.g. - bartender come on - stop by elwood - talk - sanderson concerned - elwood - there we be ! now ! let 's all have a drink . sanderson - all right . Dr. Chumley do come in here to get you earlier this evening ? elwood - yes . yes , he do . and I be delighted to see he . well -- cracker - what will it be , Mr. dowd ? elwood - uh - uh - martinis ? sanderson - uh - but that be four hour ago . 3 close up elwood serious - turn & hold up three finger to bartender , partly in scene - bartender exit - elwood smile off - elwood - where have the evening go to ? four -- Three martinis , Mr. cracker . wilson o.s. - hey , I look all -- 4 int . booth sanderson & Kelly f.g. - elwood seat face they & camera - Wilson come on at side - talk - Wilson annoyed - wilson -- over this joint ! there 's no sign of the doctor ! what would 'ja do to he ? sanderson - that 's what we be try to find out . what happen then , Mr. dowd ? elwood - well , I -- then introduce harvey to the Doctor and he sit down in the booth with we . let 's see - harvey be sit here -- and the Doctor sit opposite harvey so he could look at he . wilson - who 's harvey ? kelly - a white rabbit - six foot tall . wilson - six foot ?! 5 close up elwood speak pleasantly - elwood - six foot three and a half inch . now let 's stick to the fact . 6 full shot booth Wilson stand by sanderson - Kelly f.g. - elwood sit opposite - talk - couple dance b.g . sanderson - now what happen after you introduce Dr. Chumley to harvey ? elwood - well , uh - harvey suggest that I buy he a drink , and know that he do not like to drink alone , I suggest to Dr. Chumley that we join he . sanderson - yes ? elwood - we join he . 7 close up in booth Kelly & sanderson seat f.g. - Wilson stand by sanderson - serious - talk - sanderson - go on . elwood o.s. - we join he again . wilson - yeah - then what ? 8 full shot booth sanderson , Kelly & elwood seat - Wilson stand - talk - elwood move over in booth - sanderson speak sharply to Wilson - Wilson sit by elwood , not like it - couple stop dance in b.g . - elwood - then the other matter come up . wilson - yeah . now we be gettin ' somewhere ! what other matter ? elwood - eh - Mr. Wilson - I - I do not like to see you stand . would not you - would not you join we here ? wilson - yeh - who , I ? elwood - yes . sanderson - sit down , will you , Wilson ? elwood - sit right down here . kelly - you say this other matter come up , Mr. dowd ? 9 close up in booth Wilson & elwood seat at far side of table face sanderson & Kelly - three turn to look as elwood point off as he talk - three turn to he - listen as he talk - elwood amused - Wilson shout angrily - elwood retreat - bartender serve drink - exit - elwood - yes . there be a beautiful blonde woman - name of Mrs. smethill and she escort seat in the booth directly across from we . well , Dr. Chumley go over to sit next to she , explain to she that they have once meet -- in Chicago . then she escort escort Dr. Chumley back here to harvey and I - and try to point out that it would he better for Dr. Chumley to mind he own affair . do he have any ? wilson - do he have any what ? elwood - do he have any affair ? wilson - how would I know ?! sanderson - shut up , Wilson . go on , Mr. dowd . elwood - well , uh -- thank you , Mr. cracker . uh - Mrs. smethill ' escort seem to get more and more depressed as he keep look at Dr. Chumley . so harvey and I feel that we should take the Doctor somewhere else and harvey suggest blondie 's Chicken Inn , but uh - the doctor want to go to Eddie 's . and while they be argue about it , I go up to the bar to order another -- 10 close up kelly & sanderson ( side ) listen intently - elwood o.s. -- drink , and when I come back here they be go . 11 close up in booth elwood & Wilson seat at far side of table face Kelly , sanderson & camera - Wilson protest loudly - elwood turn to Wilson as he speak - wilson - you do not believe that story about the Doctor sittin ' here talkin ' to a big white rabbit , do you ?! elwood - well , why not ? harvey be here . a- at first , Doctor Chumley seem a little frighten of harvey - but that give way to admiration as the evening wear on . " the evening wear on . " that 's - that 's a very nice expression , be not it ? with you permission , I will say it again . " the evening wear on . " 12 close up wilson & elwood ( high ) favore Wilson as he speak angrily - grab elwood 's coat lapel - camera tilt up as he rise , pull blackjack out of pocket - sanderson rise into scene & grab Wilson 's arm - couple dance b.g . - wilson - and with you permission , I be gonna knock you brain out ! now look , you do something ' to Dr. Chumley , and I be gonna find out what it be ! sanderson - cut it out -- 13 close up over bar meegles seat f.g. - bartender behind bar - react - camera pan as meegles turn to camera - sanderson o.s. -- Wilson ! kelly o.s. - stop it ! lyman ! lyman ! Wilson ! 14 mo shot side in bar ( high ) Wilson & sanderson tussling as they move toward b.g. - other patron join fray - general confusion - Kelly rise f.g. & start after man - Wilson start to fall - kelly o.s. - for heaven 's sake - stop ! 15 close high shot to floor ( crane ) as Wilson fall on from camera - camera tilt up as he rise & lunge forward - camera crane back & up - Kelly , sanderson & man stand in he way - hold he - talking ad lib wilson - let I at he ! 16 close up elwood look off from booth - rise - 17 mo full high shot in bar patron restrain sanderson & Wilson - all stop & turn to elwood as he come on past camera - stop - speak - man release Wilson & sanderson - elwood & Wilson exit near camera - Kelly start forward - talking ad lib cracker - get outside ! elwood - Mr. cracker ! Mr. cracker ! cracker - matter , Mr. dowd ? elwood - Mr. cracker , may I intercede for my friend ? youth and high spirit . uh - time will take care of that . cracker - sure , Mr. dowd . okay , boy let them go . if Mr. dowd vouch for you , okay . one more peep outta you , weisenheimer , and I will butter you necktie ! wilson - aw , you will find out ( mumble ) cracker - all right , get back to you dance ! 18 mo high shot of booth elwood come forward to booth - sanderson sit by Kelly in booth - Wilson annoyed - camera move in as he threaten elwood - Wilson hurry among dancer toward door b.g. - elwood start to sit f.g . - elwood - well , stimulate as all this be , I think we all should have a drink . now , here , miss Kelly - sit down . there we be . Dr. sanderson - there . wilson - you keep you eye on 'im ! I be gonna check in that other two joint . and Dr. Chumley better be there , pal - or else ! elwood - uh - Mr. Wilson ? wilson - yeah ? elwood - good-bye , Mr. Wilson . wilson - g'bye ! elwood - my regards to you and anybody else you happen to run into . wilson - aw , you --! 19 int . booth elwood sit near f.g. - Kelly lean across table as she speak earnestly - camera move in - sanderson react - elwood hold Kelly 's hand - camera pull back - she turn to sanderson - Kelly & sanderson rise - start to dance among couple b.g. - camera move in & angle around close to elwood as he watch off - kelly - Mr. dowd , can not you think of anything else that might help we to find the Doctor ? elwood - miss Kelly , may I take hold of you hand ? kelly - well , yes , Mr. dowd , if you want to . we be all so worried . please try to think - please ? elwood - well , for you I would do anything . I would almost be willing to live my life over again . almost . but I have tell it all . kelly - you be sure ? elwood - I be quite sure . but ask I again , anyway , will not you ? I - I like that warm tone you have in you voice just then . sanderson - so do I . elwood - but maybe we would better go someplace else . miss Kelly seem to be a little unhappy . sanderson - no - no - let 's stay right here . Kelly 's all right . elwood - perhaps you would like to dance , miss Kelly ? kelly - all right , Mr. dowd - if you would like to . elwood - oh , n- not i. no , I - I use to dance . I - I have not dance in year . I - I be sure Dr. sanderson would love to dance with somebody as lovely as you . hm ? sanderson - would you , miss Kelly ? kelly - all right . elwood - there we be . 20 close up moving shot sanderson & kelly ( high ) as they dance - look down & off - 21 close up elwood look down - smile - sober - thoughtful - pick up hat - rise 22 close up moving shot sanderson & kelly ( high ) talk - he hold she close & kiss she forehead - both look off - react - turn to b.g. - camera pan over quickly to alley door - elwood almost exit into alley - sanderson - it 's be a long time since we have dance together . kelly - yes . a long time . sanderson - I would forget what a wonderful dancer you be . kelly - if we do not have to humor Mr. dowd , you would not have remember at all . sanderson - I be not dance with you to humor Mr. dowd , Ruth . 23 close shot kelly & sanderson stand on dance floor , stare off - rush forward & exit past camera - kelly - oh , we should not have leave he alone ! 24 int . alley ext . charlie' bar ( full shot ) elwood strolling forward as Kelly & sanderson dash out into alley after he - elwood stop near f.g. - return & stop near Kelly - talk - elwood demonstrate dance - talk - Kelly sit on barrel at side near f.g. - sanderson lean on railing nearby - elwood start to sit on bench at side of alley face the other two - sanderson - where be you go , Mr. dowd ? elwood - I be just look for someone . sanderson - why do not you come back inside ? elwood - oh , all right , if you want I to . I - it seem to be so pleasant out here . I - you know , you - you two look very nice dance together . I - I use to know a whole lot of dance . uh - the , uh - flea hop - and - and let 's see , uh - the - Black bottom , the - varsity drag -- I do not know - I just do not seem to have any time any more . I have so many thing to do . kelly - what be it you do , Mr. dowd ? elwood - oh , harvey and I sit in the bar and - have a drink or two - play the juke box . and soon the face of a-all the other people - they turn toward mine - and they smile . and they be say , ' we do not know you name , mister , but you be a very nice fellow . ' harvey and I -- 25 close shot elwood as he sit on bench & lean against brick wall - hug himself as he soliloquize - elwood -- warm ourselves in all this golden moment . uh - we have enter as stranger -- soon we have friend . and they come over and they - they sit with we , and they drink with we , and they talk to we . and they tell about the big terrible thing they have do -- 26 close up sanderson & kelly look off & listen - intent - elwood o.s. -- and the big wonderful thing they will do . 27 close shot elwood sitting on bench - talk - smile - lean forward - sad - elwood - they hope and they regret , they love and they hate . all very large , because nobody ever bring anything small into a bar . and then - I introduce they to harvey . and he 's bigger and grander than anything they offer I . and - and when they leave , they leave impressed . the same people seldom come back , but - that 's - that 's envy , my dear . there 's a little bit of envy in the best of we . that 's too bad . be not it ? 28 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 8 reel nine 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 9 2 close up sanderson & kelly look off - deeply touch - sanderson - how do you happen to call he harvey ? 3 mo close high shot in alley sanderson & Kelly f.g. , back to camera , face elwood b.g. - talk - elwood lean back as he explain - elwood - harvey 's he name . sanderson - how do you know that ? elwood - uh - there be a rather interesting coincidence on that , Doctor . one night several year ago , I be walk early in the evening down along fairfax Street - uh - between eighteenth and nineteenth . I -- do you know the -- 4 close up sanderson & kelly look off - he speak gently - elwood o.s. -- block ? sanderson - yes , yes . elwood - I - I just -- 5 close shot elwood lean against wall - talk - elwood -- put Ed hickey into a taxi . Ed have be mixing he rye with he gin and - and he - I just feel that he need convey . well , anyway , I be walk down along the street and I - I hear this voice say , ' good evening , mister dowd . ' well , I - I turn around and here be this big six - foot rabbit lean up against a lamp post . now , I think nothing of that because when you have live in a town as long as I have live in this one , you get use to the fact that everybody know you name . and naturally , I - go over to chat with he . 6 close up sanderson & kelly listen - sympathetic - elwood o.s. - and - and he say to I , he say , ' Ed hick - -- ' 7 close shot elwood talk - point - smile - elwood -- 'ey be a little spiff this evening , or could I be mistaken ? ' well , of course , he be not mistaken . I think the world and all of Ed , but he be spiff . ( make noise ) well , we talk like that for a while - and then - and then I say to he , I say , ' you have the advantage on I . you know my name - and I do not know yours . ' and - and right back at I , he say , ' what name do you like ? ' well , I - I do not even have to think twice about that . I - harvey 's always be my favorite name . so I say to he , I say , ' harvey . ' and uh - he - and - - th- th - this be - this be the - the interesting thing about the whole thing . he say , ' what a coincidence . my name happen to be harvey . ' 8 close up high shot sanderson & kelly look off - camera pan on he as he cross & stand before elwood - question he - gentle - camera move in close as he put one foot on bench near elwood & lean close as they talk - elwood dreamy - smile - both look off - startle - sanderson - dowd , what be you father 's name ? elwood - john. John stuyvesant . sanderson - tell I , dowd , when you be a child , do not you have a playmate ? -- someone with whom you spend many happy hour ? elwood - yes -- yes , I do , Doctor . do not you ? sanderson - yes . what be he name ? elwood - verne. verne mcelhinney . do you ever know the mcelhinney , Doctor ? sanderson - no. elwood - oh , that 's too bad . uh - there be a lot of them - and they circulate . very nice people . won - just wonderful people . sanderson - think carefully , dowd . do not you know somebody - sometime - someplace - by the name of harvey ? do not you ever know anybody by that name ? elwood - no. no. not one , Doctor . maybe that 's why I always have such hope for it . wilson o.s. - sorry . 9 mo shot side in alley ( crane ) camera crane back & up as Wilson steam out of bar - snarl - policeman & bartender & other follow Wilson - sanderson speak gently to elwood - camera crane down as elwood cross toward door - talk - camera pan as cop & Wilson grab elwood & hustle he into bar - sanderson & Kelly follow quickly - wilson o.s. - hey , we look in both of that joint , and Dr. Chumley be not in either one of them ! I bring help . what be ya - what be ya doin ' out here ? sanderson - come on - we be go back to the sanitarium . elwood - wh- -- sanderson - come , elwood . elwood - well , very well , lyman . I be afraid I will not be able to stay very long . I must find harvey . policeman - which one be dowd ? wilson - ( grunt ) elwood - well , my name 's dowd . elwood P. here , let I - let I give you one of my card . policeman - never mind the card ! come on ! sanderson - Wilson ! what do I tell you ? Wilson ! ... dissolves into close shot thru ' doorway into gatehouse gateman lie on couch - read - get up - 10 close shot thru ' gate Chumley stand outside - turn & press button by gate - look about - nervous - gateman come on - camera pan gateman to house - he move gate lever - gateman o.s. - come ! come ! who be it ? chumley - it 's I ! open the gate - quickly ! gateman - oh , it 's you , Doctor ! 11 mo close shot inside gate gateman at side - Chumley dart through ' gate as they slide open - push gate close as gateman move lever - Chumley excited & frighten - exit near camera - gateman puzzle - camera pan as he move to gate - look off - gateman - I think you would go for the night , Doctor . chumley mumble gateman - I think you would go . chumley - Close they , herman , close they ! Close the gate ! gateman - be you all right , Doctor ? chumley - I be be follow ! gateman - who 's follow you ? chumley - none of you business ! gateman - huh ? 12 mo shot in ground Chumley come forward , dignify & scared - camera pan & dolly back as he come close to camera - he stop - look about - camera dolly back & up close to he as he come forward - stop - look about - wild - eye - 13 mo pan shot in ground as Chumley back across lawn - react - frighten , as he back into shrub - chumley make noise 14 close shot ext . gatehouse gateman hurry out of house - look off - call - gateman - you call I , Doctor ? 15 mo shot in ground Chumley , stand near shrub on lawn - call - camera pan as he hurry uncertainly toward building b.g . - chumley - no - no , I do not . no - everything 's fine ! 16 close shot ext . gatehouse gateman look off - turn & start back into house - 17 close shot int . reception room door Chumley enter through ' outer door b.g. - come forward through ' glass inner door & exit at side - the two pair of door swing open & shut as harvey enter - camera pan & dolly in to Chumley , stand near elevator , look off - frighten - camera pan & dolly up to table in center of hall as he run to office door b.g. & start into office - 18 mo close shot side in office as Chumley dash in from reception room - slam door & lock it - come forward - spend - stop close to camera - apprehensive - door open b.g. & harvey enter - Chumley exit quickly past camera - 19 mo shot in office Chumley run toward window b.g. - raise window & climb out - exit - bell & siren ring as window be open - 20 mo high shot int . gate ( crane ) gateman switch on outside light as station wagon stop near f.g. - car stop outside gate & people gather around as sanderson , Kelly , Wilson & policeman scramble out of station wagon - elwood remain in tonneau of car - camera crane down to car - ad lib - what 's wrong ? what happen , herman ? what 's goin ' on ? gateman - the alarm go off . somebody must 'a come through a window . 21 close shot to corner of gatehouse gateman pull lever at corner of gatehouse - light flash on at top of house - 22 mo full shot ext . sanitarium beam of light flash over front of building - camera pan as Chumley run forward across lawn from b.g . - 23 close high shot of station wagon elwood step out - look off - 24 pan shot of path toward build on Chumley as he run forward - agitate - Wilson , sanderson , Kelly & policeman run on to he - talk - look about - attendant search grounds in far b.g. - Chumley regains he composure - camera pan & pull back as he turn & march down path toward building b.g. - other look off after he - puzzle - chumley - Wilson ! wilson - yes , Doctor ! chumley - sanderson ! sanderson - what be it ? chumley - he 's after I ! wilson - who ? who 's after you , Doc ? policeman - I do not see anyone . chumley - I see he ! he come through the window ! he follow I ! I see he ! sanderson - who be it , Doc ? wilson - who - who come through the window , Doctor ? chumley - I will not tell you . policeman - well , what 's he talk about ? chumley - forget it ! ( clear throat ) I be go into my office - and I do not wish to be disturb . 25 close shot wilson camera pan as he return to Kelly , sanderson & policeman - speak - exit b.g. - other three exit at side - elwood reveal b.g. as he stoops over to pick flower - wilson - forget it , he say ! not I ! I be takin ' a look around this joint ! I be gonna see what 's goin ' on ! 26 close shot near flower beds elwood stoop over - pick flower - camera tilt up as he straighten up - look about - 27 close high shot int . glass door camera pan as sanderson , Kelly & policeman dash in - run toward b.g. - she turn on light - camera dolly after they as they hurry toward Chumley , stand at door of he office b.g . - chumley - it 's lock ! sanderson - lock ? policeman - have you any extra key , -- 28 mo close shot end in room sanderson , Kelly & policeman f.g. - Chumley b.g. near door - Kelly move toward b.g. - all turn , startle , as door of Chumley 's office open & Wilson step out - Chumley speak stiffly - step into office - all watch as Wilson run forward & exit past camera policeman -- miss ? kelly - yes - yes , we have . I will get they . wilson - Doctor Chumley , I go around the house and climb in through the window . I do not see anybody . chumley - thank you , Wilson , it 's quite all right . everything 's all right , thank you . I will be all right . ( clear throat ) wilson - Dr. Chumley , if - if you need I , I will - Holy smoke ! we forget about that crackpot ! he 's probably roamin ' around -- 29 mo close shot side in room elwood enter , head down , as he try to put flower in buttonhole - Wilson dash on past camera & bump into elwood - exit outside - camera pull back before elwood as he come forward - stop - Wilson reappear in doorway , stare at elwood as elwood turn - Wilson rush forward & grab elwood 's arm - camera pan as they come forward to staircase - camera tilt up as they start up stair - sanderson rush up to they - talk - camera tilt down & pan on elwood as he descend stair to Kelly - give she flower Wilson & sanderson come on - wilson o.s. -- loose ! ( on scene ) Excuse I . elwood - oh. wilson - I get he , Doctor ! all right , buddy , let 's go upstairs , I wanta do you fingernails for you . elwood - oh , that 's very thoughtful of you . sanderson - just a second , Wilson . I will take he . elwood - oh , thank you , Doctor . ohh. hello , miss Kelly . miss Kelly , perhaps you would like this flower . I - I seem to have misplace my buttonhole . kelly - oh , thank you , Mr. dowd . elwood - oh , you be quite welcome . chumley o.s. - one moment , please . 30 mo close shot ext . office camera pan as Chumley come forward , pass camera & go to elwood & other at foot of stair - take elwood 's hand - talk - elwood & Chumley exit - camera pan as Wilson , sanderson & Kelly come forward , watch off - elwood o.s. - ah , Dr , Chumley ! how nice to ( on scene ) run into you again . tell I , how're you get along with harvey ? chumley - oh - oh , well uh - Mr. dowd , I would - I would like to speak to you in my office - alone , please . elwood - oh , well , I would like that , too , Doctor , but I just promise this gentleman he could give I a manicure . chumley - oh elwood - now , of course , if you would not mind wait for a few minute , Mr. Wilson ? wilson - oh , not at all , Mr. dowd ! not at all ! 31 mo shot side in chumley' office Chumley & elwood enter from hall - Chumley close door - room be dimly light - elwood sit near table b.g. - camera pan - Chumley cross to desk - camera move in as he turn to elwood - speak seriously - confuse - elwood talk - elwood - oh. oh , excuse I . you - you first . chumley - no. elwood - go ahead . chumley - Mr. dowd , will not you have a seat ? elwood - thank you . ( sigh ) chumley - will you have a cigar ? elwood - no , thank you , Doctor . chumley - be there anything I can do for you ? elwood - what do you have in mind ? chumley - Mr. dowd , what kind of a man be you ? where do you come from ? elwood - why , uh - do not I - uh - do not I give you one of my card ? chumley - and where on the face of this tired old earth do you find a thing like - like he ? elwood - you mean harvey , the pooka ? chumley - yes - it 's true - the thing you tell I tonight . I know it now . elwood - yes. yes , harvey have several very interesting facet . do I - uh - do I tell you about Mrs. mcelhinney ? chumley - no. elwood - uh - she life right next door to we . wonderful woman . well , harvey tell I last night that Mrs. mcelhinney 's aunt Rose -- 32 close up chumley listen - interested - elwood o.s. -- be go to drop in on she unexpectedly this morning - from Cleveland . chumley - and do she ? 33 close up elwood look off - speak - elwood - do she what ? 34 close up chumley speak - chumley - aunt Rose - do , uh - do she come - just as harvey say she would ? 35 close up elwood look off - speak - elwood - oh , yes ! yes . yes - this thing always work out just the way harvey say they will . he be very , very versatile . do I tell you he could stop clock ? 36 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 9 reel ten 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 10 2 close up chumley puzzle - chumley - to what purpose ? 3 close view in office Chumley stand near f.g. face elwood , who sit near table b.g. - elwood lean forward as he talk - Chumley flabbergasted - come forward & pull chair over toward elwood - start to sit - elwood - well , you have hear the expression ' his face would stop a clock ' ? well , harvey - can look at you clock and stop it . and you can go anywhere you like - with anyone you like - and stay as long as you like -- and when you get back -- not one minute will have tick by . chumley - do you mean that he -- elwood - uh - you see -- 4 close up elwood & chumley as Chumley sit face elwood - elwood face camera - explain - camera pull back as he lean back in chair - Chumley rise , triumphantly & move to mantel b.g. - turn - camera tilt down as he sit face elwood again - talk - Chumley thoughtful & happy - start to rise - chumley -- he can -- ? elwood - you see , science have overcome time and space . well , harvey have overcome , not only time and space - but any objection . chumley - flyspeck - flyspeck ! I have be spend my life among flyspeck - while miracle have be lean on lamp post at eighteenth and fairfax ! tell I , Mr. dowd , will he do this for you ? elwood - oh , he would be willing at any time - yes . but so far I ha -have not be able to think of any place I would rather be . I - I always have a wonderful time - wherever I be - whomever I be with . I be have a fine time right here with you , Doctor . chumley - oh , I -- 5 mo full shot in office elwood seat near b.g. - Chumley rise - camera pull back as he stroll forward , talk , & lie back on couch - speak dreamily - camera rise slightly as elwood rise & come forward - camera move down close to Chumley as elwood sit at far side of couch - Chumley pat chest - elwood question Chumley - Chumley start to sit up - chumley - oh , I - heh ! I know where I would go . elwood - where ? chumley - I would go to akron ! elwood - akron ? oh , yes . chumley - there 's a cottage camp just outside akron - in a grove of maple tree -- green - cool - beautiful . elwood - uh - that 's my favorite tree . chumley - I would go there with a pretty woman . elwood - oh. chumley - a strange woman -- a quiet woman . elwood - ooh . under a tree , huh ? chumley - I would not even want to know she name -- while I would be just - Mr. Smith . then I would send out for cold beer . elwood - uh - no whiskey , huh ? chumley - no . then I would tell she thing . thing that I have never tell to anyone . thing that be lock - deep in here . ( cough ) and as I talk to she , I would want she to hold out a soft white hand and say ' poor thing . you poor , poor thing . ' elwood - for how long would you want this to go on , Doctor ? chumley - two week . elwood - two week ?! uh - would not that get a little monotonous ? just akron , cold beer and ' poor , poor thing ' for two week ? chumley - no ! it would be wonderful ! elwood - well , I - I - I can not help feel , Doctor , that you be make a mistake not allow the woman to talk . I - if she would be around at all , she might have pick up some very interesting news item . a - and I be sure you be make a mistake about all that beer and no whiskey - but it 's you two week . chumley - Mr. dowd -- 6 close shot chumley & elwood as Chumley sit up f.g. & face elwood - camera move in - they talk - Chumley look toward window b.g. - cagey - start to rise - chumley -- could he -- would he do this for I ? elwood - oh , he could - and might . oh , I have never hear harvey say a word against akron . by the way , Doctor , where be harvey ? chumley - do not you know ? elwood - oh , well , the last time I see he he be with you . oh , but he 's - he 's probably wait for I down at Charlie 's . chumley - uh - yes , that 's it ! he 's down at Charlie 's . elwood - un-hn - well , in that case , I think I will go down and join he for a nightcap . fortunately , Charlie 's stay open rather late . Excuse I -- 7 close view in room camera tilt up as elwood & Chumley rise - camera pan & dolly in as they move to desk - stop - talk - Chumley move around before elwood as he start toward door - camera pan - elwood react as Chumley talk - move around behind elwood - come forward to elwood - astound - stand with back to camera - camera dolly in - elwood gentle & undisturbed - explain - react to beam of light flash across room from outside - elwood -- Doctor , I want to say good - bye to some of my friend before I leave . chumley - Mr. dowd , none of that people be you friend -- but I want you to know that I be you friend . elwood - well , thank you , Doctor . and I be yours . chumley - they underestimate you - as I do . this sister of yours be at the bottom of a conspiracy against you ! she 's try to persuade I to lock you up . today she have commitment papers draw up . she have you power of attorney and the key to you safety box ! and she bring you here ! elwood - my sister do all that in one afternoon ? that veta certainly be a whirlwind , be not she ? chumley - good heaven , man ! have not you any righteous indignation ?! elwood - oh , Doctor , I - I - ( stammer ) year ago , my mother use to say to I -- she would say , ' in this world , elwood , you must be -- ' she always call I elwood . ' in this world , elwood , you must be oh , so smart or oh , so pleasant . ' well , for year I be smart . I recommend pleasant . and you may quote I . 8 view to side of drive from ext . porch of sanitarium cab circle drive in b.g. - camera pan as it come forward & stop before step - driver get out - 9 close high shot of cab as driver step out & open door of tonneau - judge & myrtle get out - judge stop veta as she start to get out of cab - talk - judge exit up step past camera - myrtle exit after he - camera tilt up & pan as driver hurry up step - stop - he turn & move down step to veta - cabby - this be it ! here we be . judge - okay , thank you . come on , myrtle . veta - I will come -- judge - you wait right here , veta , girl . veta - I will not wait here ! I be go in with you ! judge - you be a very high -strung girl . this may be a ordeal . veta - well , then let myrtle mae stay here , too ! myrtle - now , mother , you know it be not right to put uncle elwood away without some blood relative be present ! cabby - hey ! you be not gonna leave the lady here ! I think she -- veta - you see , Omar ? even stranger think I should go in with you ! 10 close shot sanderson & kelly stand in reception room - turn as judge & myrtle rush in from side - Kelly move toward they - talk - judge come forward to she - myrtle move toward b.g. & peer around - veta come in from side - come forward - talk - she whisper to judge as sanderson walk toward b.g. & pick up suitcase - come forward to judge - camera dolly in closer - judge - I wish to see Dr. Chumley ! kelly - well , I be sorry , sir . he 's in conference . you will have to wait . judge - after drag I out of bed at this hour ?! tell he judge Omar gaffney 's here ! sanderson - oh , I telephone you , judge gaffney , right after we pick up Mr. dowd . I be Dr. sanderson . judge - Dr. sanderson , I demand that this matter be settle right now ! veta - ooh , good ! nobody here but people ! myrtle - mother , you promise you would wait in the car ! veta - you forget you uncle elwood 's bathrobe . well , why be you all stand around ? I think you would be commit -- oh , how do you do , Doctor ? sanderson - hello , Mrs. simmon . veta -- commit elwood . look , he 's the one I tell you about . the eye ! judge - girl ! Doctor , what 's you opinion ? sanderson - how be you feel , Mrs. simmon ? veta - better , thank you . sanderson - well , in my opinion , elwood P. dowd be suffer from a third degree hallucination , and -- 11 close high shot group sanderson , veta & judge f.g. - myrtle b.g. - talk - myrtle come forward - Kelly come on from side talk - myrtle turn to b.g. react as she see Wilson come on from b.g. - myrtle rush toward he - stop as veta scream & dash after she - pull myrtle forward - camera pan as sanderson cross past judge & Kelly to door , carry suitcase - camera move in as they talk - Kelly hurry off scene - sanderson -- I recommend formula number nine - seven-seven . now , that 's a powerful serum which will shock he back to reality . myrtle - nothing will do that . lock he up ! judge - if this shock formula bring people back to reality , that 's where we want elwood . veta - yes ! if he will not see the rabbit any more , give it to he ! then when harvey come to the door , I will deal with he ! myrtle - mother , will not you please stop talk about harvey as if there be such a thing ! veta - myrtle mae , you have a lot to learn , and I hope you never learn it . myrtle - oh , mother ! ( gasp ) marvin ! oh ! wilson - myrtle mae , baby ! veta - oh , myrtle mae , you come back here ! myrtle - mother -- veta - the idea of that terrible man -- ( ad lib ) judge - let 's get on with this , Doctor . sanderson - I be sorry , but you will have to take that up with Dr. Chumley . judge - well , then why waste my time ?! Young lady , will you kindly inform Dr. Chumley of my presence or must I do it ?! kelly - why , I - I will attend to it immediately , sir . 12 close shot wilson watch as Kelly run on , cross before he & run toward b.g. - camera pan & dolly after he as he move after she - stop as she knock on Chumley 's office door - door open & elwood step out - Wilson dash into office as Chumley start out - elwood almost exit near camera - kelly - oh. elwood - oh , miss Kelley ! kelly - be not Dr. Chumley there ? elwood - well , how nice to see you . wilson - where be he ? where 's the Doctor ? what 'dja -- chumley - hm ! wilson - be you all right , Doctor ? chumley - oh , yes , thanks . I be - quite all right . elwood - oh , well , -- 13 mo close shot in reception room camera pan on elwood as he come forward to veta & myrtle - veta give he bathrobe - judge cross close to camera - camera pan as he move toward b.g. - stop near elwood - face Chumley , Kelly & Wilson b.g. - the three start forward - elwood - veta - myrtle mae ! well , what - a delightful surprise ! veta - good evening , elwood . I bring you bathrobe . elwood - oh. well , well - thank you , veta . judge o.s. - well , Dr. ( come on ) Chumley , a-are we gonna settle this matter or be we not ? chumley - I uh - ( clear throat ) I have turn this case over -- 14 close shot int . glass door sanderson look off - speak quickly - put down suitcase - start forward - chumley o.s. -- to Dr. sanderson . sanderson - oh , no ! you forget I do not work here any more , Dr. Chumley ! 15 mo shot side in room judge & elwood near f.g. - turn to Chumley b.g. as he speak - sanderson come on past camera - stop - Kelly hurry forward to he - ecstatic - Chumley pat Wilson 's cheek & exit happily into he office - all look after he - chumley - Dr. sanderson , please disregard what I say this afternoon . I - I want you to head my staff . I think you be a very capable young man . kelly - oh , lyman ! uh - do you hear that ? chumley - now , if you will excuse I , I - I have some work to do . uh-huh . 16 mo close shot in room elwood & other stare off - he speak affably - turn to veta - she speak firmly - judge gentle - elwood turn to Kelly & sanderson f.g. - come forward to she - camera move in close - sanderson exit b.g. as elwood speak admiringly of Kelly - Wilson come on & take he arm - Kelly deeply touch - kiss elwood 's cheek - elwood - well , I think this call for a celebration ! uh - why do not we all go down to Charlie 's place and have a drink ? veta - you be not go anywhere , elwood - you be stay right here ! myrtle - yes , uncle elwood ! judge - stay here , son . hn ? elwood - un-hun . I plan to leave . you want I to stay . well , a element of conflict in any discussion 's a very good thing . it mean everybody be take part and nobody leave out . I - I like that . ah , miss Kelly ! miss Kelly , you know when you wear my flower - you make it beautiful . 'a diviner Grace have never brighten this enchant face . ' ovid 's fifth elegy . uh - ovid 's always be my favorite poet . my dear , you - you will never look lovelier . kelly - I will never be happier , Mr. dowd - I know it . wilson - hey - this rabbit gag must be a good one ! 17 close shot sanderson put overcoat on table - camera pan & pull back as he cross to elwood & other - talk - serious - elwood refuse gently - camera dolly in close as veta move in close to elwood - plead - close to tear - myrtle come on in b.g. as veta carry on - camera pan as veta turn & go to pillar b.g. - lean against it as she sob & talk - elwood follow she - disturb & helpless - sanderson - Mr. dowd , I have a formula - nine-seven -seven - that will be good for you . will you take it ? elwood - nine-seven -seven ? sanderson - yes - it 's a serum . elwood - oh. judge - you will not see this rabbit any more . sanderson - but you will see you responsibility and you duty . elwood - un-hun . well - Doctor , I - if you think of this , I be sure it must be a very fine thing . and uh - if I happen to run into anyone who need it , I would be glad to recommend it . but , as for myself , I do not think I would care for it . veta - you hear that , judge ? you hear that , Doctor ? that 's what we have to put up with . elwood - well , veta , do you want I to take this ? veta - oh , elwood , I be only think of you . you be my brother and I have know you for year . I would do anything for you . harvey would not do anything for you . he 's make a fool of you , elwood . do not be a fool . elwood - oh , I will not . veta - why , you could amount to something . you could be sit on the western slope Water board right now if you would only go over and ask they ! elwood - well , veta , if that 's what you want , well , harvey and I will go over there tomorrow and ask they . veta - tomorrow ! I wish there might never be another tomorrow ! not if myrtle mae and I have to go on live with that rabbit ! we friend never come to see we any more ! we have no social life whatever ! we have no life at all ! ( sob ) we be both perfectly miserable ! ( sob ) elwood - veta -- veta - ( sob ) but perhaps you do not care ! ( sob ) elwood - all right , now , veta -- 18 close up veta & elwood she lean against pillar as she sob - he disturb & sympathetic - speak gently - look off - uncertain - move to side - veta sob & sniff elwood - veta - I - I - I have always feel that veta should have everything she want , but I -- veta , be you sure ? veta - yes . 19 mo shot in room veta b.g. lean against pillar , sobbing - elwood come forward to sanderson - talk - sanderson exit at side - elwood cross to veta b.g. - speak gently - she nod - elwood - I - I - I will take it . where do I go , Doctor ? sanderson - in my office , Mr. dowd . elwood - un-hn . sanderson - now this will only take a few minute . why do not you wait ? elwood - veta , y- you tell Dr. Chumley to say good - bye to the old fellow for I , will you ? 20 close up kelly look off - deeply touch - 21 mo shot in room elwood move away from veta - camera pan as he cross to sanderson as Kelly rush on from side near f.g. - almost plead - stop quickly - camera pan & dolly after sanderson & elwood as they cross to sanderson 's office b.g. - Kelly come on - elwood herd both into office - turn & look off toward camera - almost exit into office - kelly o.s. - Dr. sanderson , ( on scene ) could not we --? sanderson - yes , Kelly ? kelly - nothing . sanderson - I will need you to give I a hand , miss Kelly . go right in there . elwood - after you . sanderson - no-no. elwood - oh , no - after you . oh , miss Kelly . kelly - please . elwood - no - after you . here we go . kelly - but -- 22 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 10 reel eleven 1 part title universal-international / " harvey " / part / 11 2 mo shot side in foyer of chumley' rest judge , veta , myrtle & Wilson stand b.g. - judge & veta come forward - Wilson try to talk to myrtle - veta react - Wilson dash to b.g. & exit - veta come forward & sit in chair by desk - myrtle chase after Wilson & exit b.g . - veta snivel - Dr. sanderson say it would not take long . I - ( scream ) judge - sit down , girl . veta - thank you , judge . he say it would not take - long . judge - relax , girl . take it easy . veta - thank you . I will try to . 3 mo close shot taxi driver come to f.g. through door - camera pan as he go to b.g. - camera dolly with he as he walk across to judge & veta - talk - judge search he pocket - veta stand and come forward - begin to unload purse - cabby - oh , there you be . Lady jump outta my cab and leave without payin ' I . she do not say anything and a fellah get nervous after a while -- judge - well , there 's no cause for concern , man . how much be it ? cabby - all the way out here from town ? judge - yes . cabby - two seventy - five . judge - why - I musta forget my wallet . I be drag outa bed in such a hurry it 's a wonder I do not forget my pants . ( chuckle ) mm - beg you pardon , veta . uh - would you take a check ? cabby - we do not take check . judge - yeah , I know . would you mind , veta ? veta - oh , of course . yes , I - uh - well , I could have swear I put my coin purse -- 4 close up on desk as veta unload article from purse - include several package of pill , a bottle of medicine and a teaspoon - camera pull back to include veta , cabby & judge - she upturn purse - shake it - veta o.s. ad lib - oh dear - oh - the idea ! ( on scene ) well , I never ! 5 close shot judge look off - 6 close shot veta , cabby & judge she put thing into purse - they talk - cabby firm - veta - oh I know . I will get it for you from my brother , but I can not go into he just now . he 's in there get a injection . it will not take long . you will have to wait . cabby - you be goin ' to get my money from you brother who 's in there gettin ' some of that stuff they shoot out here ? veta - yes , it will only take a few minute . cabby - Lady - I want my money now . veta - I tell you it will only take a few minute . we want you to drive we back to town . cabby - and I tell you I want my money now or I be nosin ' the cab back to town , and you can wait for the bus . 7 mo close shot the three talk - camera pull back as veta come forward & cross to door - knock - turn & look off - veta - well , of all the pig-head , stubborn thing -- judge - what 's the matter with you ? cabby - nothing that two seventy - five will not fix . you hear I . take it or leave it . veta - I never hear of anything so unreasonable in all my life . 8 close shot sanderson int . he office elwood seat at table opposite he - Kelly b.g. - come forward & open door - veta put head in - speak - elwood hastily put on coat - start through door - veta - oh would you please let my brother step out here a moment ? this cab driver will not wait . oh , elwood . elwood - eh! I will be right back . 9 close shot at door of office as elwood & veta come out into foyer - camera pan as they cross to cabby - judge stand b.g. - camera dolly up closer as elwood cross to cabby & hand he a card - point to card - hand card to cabby - talk - elwood hand money to cabby - shake he hand - smile & point to f.g. - exit past camera - veta - elwood , I come off without my coin purse . will you give this man two dollar and seventy - five cent - but do not give he any more . he 's be very rude . elwood - uh - howdy do - dowd 's my name - elwood P. cabby - mine 's lofgren - E. J. elwood - oh I be glad to know you , Mr. lofgren . this be my sister , Mrs. simmon , and my very good friend judge gaffney , back there . cabby - hi. hi. veta - hi. elwood - I - uh - you live around here long , Mr. lofgren ? cabby - all my life . elwood - uh-huh - I see . enjoy you work ? cabby - it 's okay . I be drive for apex cab for fifteen year - my brother Joe 's be drivin ' for the Brown cab for pret ' near twelve . elwood - be - be that so ? you drive for apex and you brother Joe for Brown 's ? well , that 's very interesting , be not it , veta ? veta - why - yes . elwood - Mr. lofgren - l- let I give you one of my card . now my sister and my charming young niece live at that address with I - uh - would not you and you brother like to come and have dinner with we some time ? cabby - sure - be gladta . elwood - when ? when will you be gladta ? cabby - well I could not come any night but tomorrow . I be on duty all the rest of the week . elwood - well , tomorrow will be perfect . and we will be expect you and delighted to see you , will not we , veta ? veta - oh , elwood , I be sure this man have friend of he own . elwood - uh , one can not have too many friend . veta - do not keep the doctor wait , dear . it 's rude . elwood - eh - here you be - uh - keep the change . and I be glad to have meet you , Mr. lofgren , and I will expect you and you brother tomorrow night . now you will have to excuse I - I - I - uh - 10 mo close shot veta & cabby judge b.g. - camera pull back slightly as cabby walk forward - put money into pocket - veta go to b.g. - cabby stop - turn to b.g. - walk to veta - camera dolly up after he - they talk - cabby - a sweet guy ! veta - certainly - you could just as well have wait . cabby - oh , no - listen lady , I be drivin ' this route fifteen year . I have bring them out here to get that stuff and I have drive them home after they have it . it change they . veta - well , I certainly hope -- 11 close up cabby & veta she turn sadly to f.g. - cabby talk to she - she turn to he - he turn away - veta -- so . cabby - you be not kiddin' . on the way out here , they sit back and enjoy the ride . they talk to I . sometimes we stop and watch the sunset and look at the bird flyin' . sometimes we stop and watch the bird when there be not no bird ... and look at the sunset when it 's rainin ' - heh - we have a swell time . and I always get a big tip . but afterwards ? oh oh ! 12 close up cabby & veta ( high angle ) camera dolly back as they move forward - veta interested - he turn to she - veta - " afterwards - oh-oh " ? - what do you mean " afterwards oh oh " ? 13 close up cabby & veta he face she & camera - speak - turn to go - camera pan & dolly as he move to door - turn to f.g. - speak - put on cap & start to b.g . - cabby - they crab , crab , crab ! they yell at I - watch the light - watch the brake - watch the intersection . they scream at I to hurry . they get no faith - in I or my buggy - yet it 's the same cab - same driver , and we be goin ' back over the very same road . it 's no fun - and no tip . veta - my brother would have tip you anyway . he 's very generous . he always have be . cabby - not after this he will not be . after this , he will be a perfectly normal human bein ' - and you know what stinker they be . glad I meet ya - I will wait . 14 mo high shot in outer office veta & judge stand - camera pan as they hurry to sanderson 's office door - camera dolly up close as veta knock on door - Kelly open door - sanderson pull door wider & step forward - elwood in shirt sleeve come on from b.g. - talk - veta - oh , no ! no! elwood , come out ! come out - do not give it to he - stop it ! stop it ! elwood , come out ! judge - do not do that , girl . Dr. sanderson 's give the injection . veta - I do not want he to have it - I do not like people like that -- judge - now , now -- veta -- veta -- I do not want my brother to be like that . judge -- oh , now -- veta - elwood - oh - you have not give he the injection already , have you ? sanderson - no , but we be all ready , Mrs. simmon . veta - oh , elwood . ( sob ) elwood - veta ! 15 mo close shot chumley at door of he office look out - speak - chumley - what 's the trouble ? 16 mo shot in foyer camera pan as Wilson & myrtle race through outer office to group in sanderson 's office - Wilson try to lead veta to f.g. - she protest - bop he with she purse - myrtle yell at Wilson - he desist - camera dolly up closer as veta & judge talk - elwood & sanderson come forward - veta turn to elwood - he put he arm around she - Wilson & myrtle exit - judge exit near camera - sanderson & Kelly stand by door watch as elwood exit into sanderson 's office - veta dig into she purse - move forward - wilson - what 's the matter ? what 's goin ' on ? what 's wrong ? judge o.s. - she want to stop ( on scene ) the injection . wilson - oh she do - well all right . come on , you ! veta - you take you hand off I . do not you touch I - you white slaver , you ! myrtle - marvin ! please ! wilson - yeah , all right , honey . anything you say . judge - you do not know what you want . you do not want that rabbit either . veta - well what 's wrong with harvey ? if elwood and myrtle mae and I want to live with harvey , what be it to you ? you do not even have to come around . it 's we house . elwood ! ( snivel ) oh elwood ! elwood - oh , veta - there now . veta 's all tired out . she 's do a lot today . judge - well , have it you own way , but I be gonna take that cab back to town and I be not givin ' up another night 's sleep again ( o.s. ) no matter how big the animal be . veta - oh , elwood - let we go too . I hate this place . I wish I would never see it . elwood - all right , veta . just wait till I get my hat and coat . veta snivel 17 close up veta hold handkerchief to she nose - react as she glance at coin purse hold in other hand - speak - get idea - react as she look down at purse - veta snivel - why - why look at that . it 's my coin purse . it must have be in there all the time . I could have pay that cab driver myself . harvey ! oh ! 18 close shot sanderson & kelly elwood come forward from b.g. , put on coat - camera pan to include veta f.g. - myrtle & Wilson coo b.g. - jump to attention as veta speak - elwood speak to Wilson - Wilson put arm around myrtle - who snuggle near he - elwood turn to sanderson & Kelly speak - elwood exit f.g. - camera pan & dolly as veta & myrtle exit past elwood who hold door open for they - elwood wave he hat off & exit after the woman - Dr. Chumley b.g. at he office door slowly move forward - interested - elwood - huh - thank you , doctor . veta - oh! myrtle mae and that man ! elwood - oh they make a beautiful couple , do not they ? uh - Mr. Wilson have such a dynamic personality . veta - that - that man ! elwood - myrtle mae - uh - uh - Mr. Wilson , may we have the pleasure of you company tomorrow night for dinner ? we be have a few friend in - very informal . wilson - yeah , why certainly , Mr. dowd . I would be glad to . thank you . elwood - uh - a very nice couple . and you make a very beautiful couple too . sanderson - yeah . elwood - well , I must find harvey . wilson - well , good - bye , Mrs. simmon . I will see you tomorrow night . veta - yes. good-bye , Mr. Wilson . myrtle mae. 19 close shot ext . porch of chumley' rest veta , myrtle & elwood come out - two woman exit side - camera stay with elwood as he put on hat & walk out on to porch - look to b.g. at porch swing move back & forth - camera dolly with elwood as he move to b.g. - speak to harvey - veta - come , myrtle mae . now please try to ( o.s. ) forget all about that dreadful Mr. Wilson . elwood - w-w- oh well there you be ! well I have be look all over for you . oh - uh - be not it cold out here ? 20 close up chumley look out door - 21 mo close shot elwood talk to harvey - put arm around harvey - camera dolly back as they walk forward - start off porch - elwood look off to side - elwood - hm ? oh - I do not mind if I do . that would warm we up , would not it ? uh - no - Charlie 's would be fine . just fine . here - chumley o.s. - oh , oh Mr. dowd ? 22 close up chumley at door speak - importune - chumley - Mr. dowd - do not take he away . let he stay with I . 23 close up elwood look off - smile graciously - turn & look up at harvey - speak - elwood - well doctor , whatever he want to do be perfectly all right with I . he know that . it 's up to you . would you like to stay with the doctor ? hm ? 24 close up chumley at door 25 close up elwood look up at harvey - slightly disappointed - agreeable - camera dolly across lose elwood , whose eye follow harvey across to door where Chumley look up at he & follow he into sanitarium - close door , disappear - elwood - no - I - I do not mind . chumley - have you ever be to akron ? hm ? akron . 26 close up elwood look off wistfully - turn sadly - camera pan as he walk slowly down step away from the sanitarium - look back once - look to b.g . - 27 mo shot at gate of chumley' rest veta & myrtle wait for elwood - gatekeeper b.g. at control - elwood come forward from b.g. - camera pan slightly as two woman exit f.g. - gate close - elwood turn to speak to gatekeeper - drop head somberly & start away to f.g. - stop suddenly - brighten - turn & speak to harvey behind bar of gate - gate open - by elwood 's movement we know harvey have come forward to he - elwood happy - put hand in pocket - speak jovially - start forward - veta - now where be elwood ? elwood , we have be wait for you . elwood - I be sorry , veta . veta - we have lose the car - the judge take it - we will have to go down to the corner and wait for a bus . hurry up , dear . elwood - good night , Mr. shimelplatzer . gatekeeper - good night . elwood - be anything the matter ? no - I - I think you would decide to stay with Dr. Chumley . you - you - huh ? you - ( chuckle ) well thanks , harvey . I prefer you , too . ( chuckle ) 28 mo close shot elwood back to camera - veta & myrtle in far b.g. walk over rise of ground to b.g. - elwood & harvey walk slowly to b.g. - elwood look at harvey from time to time - two woman exit b.g. - elwood put arm around harvey & they change position - elwood put hand in pocket and they continue on to b.g. - word come on over scene as gate to sanitarium close in f.g . - the end a universal-international picture ... fade out 29 fade in - animated cast card - close up cabby & veta he face camera & she - word over scene - wallace Ford as the taxi Driver ... dissolves into close up judge gaffney word over scene - William Lynn as judge gaffney ... dissolves into close up myrtle mae simmon word over scene - Victoria horne as myrtle mae simmon ... dissolves into close up wilson at telephone word over scene - jesse White as Wilson ... dissolves into close up dr . chumley word over scene - cecil kellaway as Dr. Chumley ... dissolves into close up dr . sanderson word over scene - Charles drake as Dr. sanderson ... dissolves into close up nurse kelly word over scene - Peggy Dow as miss Kelly ... dissolves into close up veta louise other woman partly see b.g. - word over scene - josephine Hull as veta Louise simmon ... dissolves into close up elwood look into car window - word over scene - James Stewart as elwood P. dowd ... dissolves into mo shot to door of chumley' rest word over scene - harvey as himself door open & close - ... fade out 30 part title universal-international / " harvey " / end of part / 11 geovisit ( ) ;