hate crime written by James Cullen bressack & jarret Cohen int . dine room Dan turn on the camera and the screen begin to pull into focus . it be point directly at alex , a young boy no more then 15 year old . next to alex be he slightly older brother tyler , a young boy around the same age . dan today be a special day be not it ? alex dad ... dan be it Chanukah ? alex dad stop it ! dan be it passover ? alex dad leave I alone . dan be not you excited at all ? alex why be you filming this ? you be annoying I . tyler haha quit be so lame dad ! dan but I film you birthday every year . lindsey dad he 's get a bit old for this . the camera pan to reveal lindsey , a pretty 18 year old girl . dan well ! look who decide to be a part of the video , say hi lindsey ! he wait for a moment and she make a face of irritation at the camera . dan ( cont 'd ) do you have anything to say to you brother on he birthday ? something shatter off screen . melissa shit ! honey can you help I pick this up ? somebody leave the door open and I bump into it and drop everything . dan come dear . Dan begin walk with the camera through the house to the kitchen . when we arrive in the kitchen Melissa be on she hand and knee scrubbing the floor . dan ( cont 'd ) as you all see my wife have everything under control here ! melissa Dan can you put that camera down for a second and help I clean this up ? dan yes honey . Dan place the camera down on the counter as it point towards they clean the floor . melissa thanks dear . she look over Dan 's shoulder for a second and then look back at he . melissa ( cont 'd ) do you pick up Alex 's video game from the store ? dan of course . I be good for something you know ? melissa I know , it 's just sometimes you forget about thing . dan I would never forget my son 's birthday . melissa oh but forget we anniversary you can do ? Dan look back at she a bit upset . dan Melissa , that be over a month ago . I be sorry . I already make it up to you a million time over . this new job be kill I , you know that . melissa we can talk about it later . she stand up and so do Dan . he walk over to the camera and pick it up again . Dan then start walk back into the other room . when he get there he turn down the light and Melissa begin walk in hold a birthday cake with light candle . as the camera pan around to show all the somewhat smile face , just as they be about to start sing , there be a crash . everyone pause for a moment . dan what be that ? the power be suddenly cut to the house . Dan turn with the camera and point it back towards the kitchen . he start walk over there to see what it be . as the camera arrive in the kitchen we reveal a larger man stand in the middle of the kitchen dress in all black wear a ski-mask . dan ( cont 'd ) everyone run ! the man raise he hand to he mouth in a attempt to silence Dan . Dan spin around and head back to the front door where another man be stand there hold a gun to dan 's wife . two hahaha ! Dan back up slowly and edge around the corner , he make a break for it and head up stair . when he get up stair he enter he son 's room . he pan 's around the room . he then look in the closet . there be no one there . he then walk over to the bed . a hand reach out from under the bed and grab he foot . Dan squat down and see he son . he slide under the bed . just as he get 's under the bed we hear some scream . int . bedroom alex what the fuck go on ? tyler who be they ? dan shh . they will hear you . footstep start move towards they . struggle and scream be hear . Dan , Alex , and Tyler begin breathe very heavily . two pair of leg enter the room . one which belong to a mask man , the other which belong to Lindsay . Lindsay be still scream and struggle . she suddenly stop . she be throw onto the ground quickly with the profile of she face , with makeup run , directly in view of the camera . a handgun be be press against she head . one I will give you three second to come out or I will blow she brain out . I swear it ! I be not kid with you . one. two . dan wait ! we be come out . one they be under the bed ! the second mask man walk into the room and reach under the bed and pull Alex and Tyler out . they be struggle . by this time Dan be almost all the way out . dan get you hand off of they ! one of the mask man strike Dan on the top of the head . he then squat down really low and look at the camera . he cock he head and reach for it . one look what we have here . the two mask man pass the camera between one another , investigate it like curious child with a new toy . one ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be you filming ( sadistic laugh ) ? two we should film this and put it on the Internet ! one shut up . what the fuck be you filming ? dan it 's my son 's birthday . two which one ? Dan hesitantly point at Alex . two ( cont 'd ) yo , toss I that pillow over there ! one toss two the pillow . he catch it put it in front of he gun and point it at Alex . he fire and shoot he in the face . Dan start scream . two ( cont 'd ) happy fuckin’ birthday ! hahaha ! one get they the fuck down stair ! Dan start crawl towards he son , scream . two kick he in the face and knock he out . two then pick up Dan and begin to usher everybody down stair . one head up the end of the pack with the camera , force the kid to walk forward with a gun . tyler what do you want from we ?! one what do we want from you ? he want to know what we want . ( laugh ) . I want you to fuck suffer before you die . ( pause ) you get the mom ? two she 's all tie up . one good . int . dine room camera track action . one see Melissa , bound in a face down position on the dining room table . three fawn over she body , while she cry . one tie this bitch up . two begin tie up Dan , Tyler and Lindsay . three this woman want the cock . one ( conflict ) we be not here for that shit . three but we do not know mama be gonna be a MILF . one shut up for a second ya fuckin tweeker . dan they shot Alex ! they fuckin’ kill he ! Melissa scream in agony . three punch she in the face a few time and shut she up . two stuff a sock into Dan 's mouth . two you fucker be gonna be quiet , right ? three she look even prettier with she face all beat up like that . melissa Lindsay ! it 's gonna be okay sweetie ! it 's gonna be okay . one gonna be okay ? you people be fuckin’ pathetic ! claim that everything 's gonna be okay . you be the fuckin’ scum of the earth . tyler who be you ! one who be I ? two , take the camera from I . two do not respond . one ( cont 'd ) two ! two , realize he be be summon , take the camera and point it at one . one ( cont 'd ) I get this tattoo on my finger check it out . one raise he pointer finger out and point to the tattoo . one ( cont 'd ) look ! wait ... you do not know what it be ? it 's my Hitler mustache ! one raise he pointer finger perpendicular to the bottom of he nose , revealing a crude Hitler mustache tattoo . 10 . one ( cont 'd ) you see ? two move in for a close up of one 's face with the finger over it . they all laugh . one ( cont 'd ) well let I introduce ourselves . I be one , that 's two , and that 's three . three walk over to they and raise he sleeve . there be a swastika on he arm . three look at that shit you kike fuck ! wooo ! they all start to laugh . melissa you people be disgusting ! three disgusting ? bitch , I have not even start to disgust you . gimmie that ! three grab the camera from two and walk over to Melissa . three ( cont 'd ) I already beat you fuckin face in and you still mouth off to I bitch . I have to set you straight somehow . 11 . three take off he belt and wrap it around she neck and start to tighten it . she start to cough and he loosen up . three ( cont 'd ) that too tight for you bitch ? I like my woman gag for air . he punch she in the face again . three ( cont 'd ) now I want you to look at we husband over there and tell he everything be gonna be okay . she hesitates for a second and three tighten the belt . melissa everything be go to be okay . three now tell you daughter that you be a fuck kike whore and kike whore deserve this . she do not do anything so he tighten the belt and punch she in the face . melissa ( sputter ) I be a fuck kike whore and kike whore deserve this . two mount that bitch ! three hold on buddy I be just get warm up ! now tell you daughter how much you love take fuckin’ cock in you dirty kike ass . ( more ) 12 . three ( cont 'd ) ( he pause for a second ) I say say it bitch ! three punch she in the face a few time , he then rip off she clothes and begin to fuck she in the ass while focus on she face . the child be scream . this be largely imply and occur off camera , while three focus the camera on she face and speak softly to she . three ( cont 'd ) you be probably use to be the boss around here , but now I be the boss . Men have no power anymore , thanks to bitch like you . melissa please ... please stop ... three you be just a selfish , slimy cunt . two rip she apart ! melissa ( mustering strength ) you be go to burn ... three the only thing that 's gonna be burn be you bush , whore . three keep he camera on melissa for a while as she suffer . he grow bored of this and hand the camera off to two who begin filming the face of everyone watch . melissa start wail more loudly in the background . one walk over to a liquor cabinet and take out a bottle and throw it on the floor . 13 . three ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? one ( to 3 ) Zip up you pants , you fuck monkey . we get more work to do . three but I do not even fuckin cum ! two you be twack out ! it have take too long for you to cum anyway . two place down the camera on a table . three prepare himself . and cover up Melissa a little bit with she cloth he rip off . she appear devastate and break . two be hear cussing profusely and be then see relentlessly kick dan in the abdomen . the child be cry . one stop . do not kill he yet . we have the whole night . ( into the camera , psychotically ) we be a happy little family and we be have a sleepover ! he pick up the camera and he pan around from one person 's face to another , then to two , who be hold he gun firmly . one ( cont 'd ) let 's take take off the gag . it will be more fun . what do you think ? two sure . 14 . two begin to take off the gag from dan . everyone start to yell with renew energy . two ( cont 'd ) shut the hell up ! or we will just shoot one of you . again . you wanna end up like fuck birthday boy ? everyone quiet down . one I think we should get to know each other better . ( point the camera at Tyler ) you , what 's you name ? tyler ( hesitantly ) me? Tyler ... one and be you a fuck kike , Tyler ? tyler what 's a kike ? one a dirty fuck Jew ! two he look like a fuck kike to I ! right out of the fuckin’ oven . lindsay leave he alone , you fuck bastard ! dan lindsey ! 15 . three Kitty kat have some fuckin claw . I like that . dan you stay the fuck away from she ! 3 point he gun at lindsay 's head , eager for the opportunity to shoot . three you wanna play with I like mommy play ? one do you like girl , tyler ? tyler ( afraid to answer ) I guess . yes . one you guess ? what be you , a faggot or something ? tyler no ... three I think the kike be a fuck faggot . two yeah ! one turn the camera to the parent to check on they . one how you fine folk do ? ( pause ) ( more ) 16 . one ( cont 'd ) sorry to be rude , Tyler . so anyway , you say you like girl . what kind of girl ? tyler ( confused ) um , all type ... one quit be politically correct . everyone know white bitch be the best . any specific color hair you like ? eye ? tyler no .. we do not do anything to you . please let we go . we just move here . we be good people . one do you like girl with blonde hair and blue eye ? tyler ( unsure of what to answer ) yes . sure . one ( stir ) see ! another kike who want to dilute the Aryan gene pool . all this queer want to do be steal we woman . ( breathes ) a very brilliant man once write , and I want you to listen to this , Alex , and tell I if it make any sense to you . '' ( more ) 17 . one ( cont 'd ) the lose purity of the blood alone destroy inner happiness forever , plunge man into the abyss for all time , and the consequence can never more be eliminate from body and spirit . '' tyler no . not really . we can talk about it , though , but let we go . please . one I be go to let you be a part of we clan . I like you , Tyler . really I do ! that 's why I be gonna give you something extra special . take out the pendant , two . two take out a swastika pendant and hold it with tong . he then start to heat it up with a torch lighter . one ( cont 'd ) have you ever hear of the Hitler youth ? tyler of course . they be just kid . they do not know what they be do . one ( chuckle ) you do not have to come up with a excuse for they , Tyler . I be go to make you one of they . tyler I do not know what you mean . 18 . one we be go to make you a honorary member of the Hitler youth . you be go to be one of we . three fuck he face up , two ! by this point the pendant be burn hot . two press it down on Tyler 's face and he start scream loudly . so do everyone else . two woohoo ! watch that fuckin’ shit sizzle ! one move the camera from he forehead to various member of the family , in order to survey they reaction . three I be not never see something so beautiful ! lindsey why be you do this ! two look kid , we do this to you fuck because we can . all you fuck Jews just lie down and take it . look at the fuck holocaust . you fuck be fuck disgusting fuck rat . you stand in line wait to fuckin die . just like you be now . just like you fuck mother be when three be fuck she in she goddamn asshole . 19 . one theres no fuckin fight in you . I wanna bring the fight outa you fuck ! I wanna have a mother fuckin party ! you needa make this shit fun for we . you see we can just kill all of you right now , but where be the fun in that ? two , cut the little fucker loose . two what ? one I say cut the fucker loose ! we be gonna play a little game here . three what 's the fuckin game ? one let play the '' let 's see how long you can hold you breath when you be stuff in the oven '' game . dan leave he alone ! three fuck that ! I get a better fuckin idea . two what 's that ? three let 's make that little inbred fuckin kike inbreed . ( more ) 20 . three ( cont 'd ) dilute we fuck bloodline ? fuck that ! the little kike say it he mother fuckin self he want to fuck a aryan . let have the fuckin kike fuck he kike mother . two fuck yeah ! everyone start scream ! Melissa be yell no over and over again ! three point he gun into the air and fire ! everyone jump . three everyone shut the fuck up or ill execute every last mother fuck one of you ! one what the fuck do you just do Three ! you have be snortin to much of that fuckin shit and now you just think with you fuckin dick . three I do not give a fuck what I be thinkin with ! the fuckin kike be go to become a mother fucker ! haha ! fuck yeah ! two man just let he fuckin do it ! we need some fuckin entertainment ! 21 . one ( begrudgingly ) Fine ! but after this you be go to fuckin let I run thing my way . three fuck yeah ! after this im gonna fuckin jerk off onto that dead kid body and powder my mother fuckin nose ! two haha ! you sick fuck ! three ok fuck face . you hear the man ! it 's time for you official mother fuckin initiation to man hood . fuck the mother fuck bar mitzvah shit . you be gonna get you fuckin dick wet ! three put he arm on Tyler 's shoulder and start walk he towards the mother . three ( cont 'd ) do not be scared buddy ! I already loosen she up for you ! you realize this make we fuck brother right ? I fuck you mom ! and now you be about to fuck you fuck mom . just give I a fuck card on father day and we will call it mother fuck even ! three usher Tyler so he be right behind he mother . 22 . three ( cont 'd ) there be a time in every man 's life where he have to fuck a bitch . well ... what be you wait for . have at it ! Tyler hesitates and 3 press he gun up to Tyler 's head . three ( cont 'd ) look you ungrateful little fuck ! either you put you fuck cock in the bitch or I be gonna splatter you mother fuckin brain onto the bitch ! woooooo ! Tyler begin to unzip he pants . two the little fucker be gonna do it ! melissa Tyler .... tyler I be sorry Mom .... one grab the camera and pan 's away from Melissa and Tyler very quickly and point the camera at Dan , who begin scream and cry . Melissa 's wail and Tyler 's sob be hear in the background . dan noooo ! he 's just a fuck boy ! leave he the fuck alone ! Tyler stop it ! stop ! one look . I be sorry about this . I really be . ( more ) 23 . one ( cont 'd ) we be just go to scare you jew fuck out of town . but now there 's no goin back . two look at the little fucker go ! three Sir , how the fuck do it feel to watch you son fuck you wife ? wait ... what . the little fuck come already ! you have get to be fuckin shitting I ! three grab tyler and throw he next to he father . one that 's because he be not fuck up on shit like you be ! two , tie the mother fucker up ! two aye aye Captain ! two tie up tyler . three fuck yeah ! well , you bitch get everything handle down here ? I be gonna go play marionette with the little dead kike 's body ! he he he he ! everyone in the family start scream to leave the kid alone . three cock he head and make a shh motion . lindsey leave he alone ! 24 . three what do you want I to stay and play more ? I will fuck you silly next , bitch , if you guy really want ! there be a uncomfortable silence . three ( cont 'd ) I do not fuckin’ think so ! I be go to play with my new fuck action figure now ! three leave and walk up stair . one untie the mom and put she with the other ! two I be on it ! two unty the mom and walk she over to the other and sit she down . she be in a bra and panty and look break . he tie she up . two ( cont 'd ) Old horse be not get no fight leave in she ! off screen a few thud be hear over and over again . everyone gasp . then three emerge into frame drag the dead corpse of Alex . three he want some birthday cake ! three seat alex 's dead body at the table . 25 . three ( cont 'd ) ( in a mock voice ) mmmm ! chocolate cake ! do not mind if I do ! three cut a piece of cake and smashes it into alex 's face . three ( cont 'd ) this be the best birthday ever ! ask I what I want for my birthday . stand behind he , three grab alex 's hand , clutches some silverware with they , and flail alex 's arm up and down as if he body be a puppet and move he mouth for he . three ( cont 'd ) ask I what I want ! two what do you want for you birthday ? three to still be alive ! one what the fuck be you do ? three I be go to have a fuck party . it 's my fuck birthday party ! two I wanna try some of that cake . dan suddenly lunge at two while he be not pay attention , knock he over . one kick he in the face , pounce on he , and restrain he . two ( cont 'd ) Holy shit , you sneaky fuck ! 26 . one this be what happen when you act like fuck retard . three let 's just blow he head off and hang he from the chandelier ! one not yet . you be always look for instant fuck gratification . one ( cont 'd ) we need to separate dad off . two , can you fuck handle he ? two ? two ( disorient ) what ? one keep a better eye on this fuck and get he out of here . two grab dan and drag he out of the room . one ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) do not kill he yet , this fuck 's gotta pay for what he do ! lindsey leave he alone ! three why bitch ? one I simply can not do that darling . when you play with fire you get fuck burn . 27 . there be a commotion in the other room . two come staggering back in clutching he hand , there be blood on it . two the fucker bit I ! three I think he be not hungry , I offer he cake ... one be he tie up ? two yeah the fucker just bit I be all . I knock he the fuck out though . one alright , good ! now it 's time for we game ! three game time ? I love game time ! one set the two kid up across from Mom . two and three comply with he instruction , seating melissa , lindsey and tyler in chair . Dead alex be position between the two kid , who be face melissa . melissa what be you go to do to we . one shut the fuck up bitch ! one punch Melissa in the face . 28 . one ( cont 'd ) look , missy I need you to do something for I okay ? lindsey I be not do shit for you . one if you do not do something for I , you be do something for Three ! Lindsay look at three and he wave at she . lindsey what do you want ? three a big juicy blowjob ! one shut the fuck up . I be go to need you to ... three you shut the fuck up you fuck pussy . this be not you fuck show ! three get in one 's face . one hey , whoa , take it easy man . you be my brother . three do not fuck tell I to take it easy ! I x11 fuck snap you neck ! three shove one . 29 . one you better think before you act , or you break ass be gonna be sorry when you run out of tweak . one ( cont 'd ) ( back at lindsey ) which one of you parent love you more ? lindsey that 's a stupid question . one it 's not a stupid question if I ask it and I have a gun . answer the question , or you be gonna have to deal with this guy ( point at Three ) and he 's not gonna be interested in anything you have to say . lindsey I can not because I do not know . one make a fuck educate guess . lindsey ( pause ) my dad . ( crying ) one okay . that be not so hard , be it ? two be too much of a pussy to handle dad , so can you take care of he for he little girl ? three alright . 30 . one so you think you dad love you more . do mommy agree ? melissa how can I answer that ? one the same way she do . or do you want I to bring Three back ? melissa of course that 's not true . lindsey ... one I know it 's a tough question , but I do not think you be be honest with I . one instruct two to begin suffocating melissa . melissa struggle and gasp for air when two let up . melissa you be not go to get away with this ! two resume suffocating melissa . one just answer the goddamn question and you will get to live longer . two resume suffocating melissa . she begin to lose consciousness , until one stop he because this be not he intention . lindsey Mom ! 31 . one you know what , maybe this be a shitty question . fuck that question . tyler come on , man ! this be stupid and you be go to get catch ! one punch tyler in the stomach . one you will be fuck you sister next if you open up you mouth again , dumb little bitch . three that little fucker be a jackrabbit , he would love it . melissa be recover from she close call . one what I really want to know be , if you have to choose between one of this little son of bitch , which one would you choose ? melissa fuck you ! one because I be go to kill one of they right now , and whichever one be up to you . that 's why I be interview you , because I want to make the right choice ! hahaha ! 32 . two oh man , shit be get crazy ! one I care about you family enough to ask you this thing . ungrateful cunt . melissa I love they equally . ( break down ) I love Alex and you take he from I . one well that mean neither one win the game . so , I be afraid I be go to have to kill they both . melissa no , no , wait . please . stop . you can not do that . I x11 do anything . anything . two I think she 's offer up she goods again , bro ! one haha . do everyone in this family think they can just fuck they way out of all they problem ? this ho be already use up . one ( cont 'd ) so answer the question . I be go to give you ten second . ( more ) 33 . one ( cont 'd ) in ten second somebody 's go to die , but if you do not come clean I will just slit both they throat in front of you with this knife . melissa kill I . you can kill I , not they . one you do not get to make the rule anymore ! one ( cont 'd ) ten. nine . eight . melissa begin to scream . one ( cont 'd ) Seven . six. five . melissa you can not give I back Alex ! you son of a bitch ! two begin to perform a drum roll on the counter . one it 's just like slaughtering a animal . one brandish he knife and press it against Tyler 's neck . Tyler be paralyze with fear . one ( cont 'd ) four. Three . two. one. one ( cont 'd ) time 's up , you both lose . 34 . melissa wait ! wait ! Tyler . one do you say you want I to kill he ? melissa no . let he go ! one okay . look like it 's go to be the girl then . melissa no ! please , please do not . two this use up cunt can not make up she mind , bro . one ( pause , glance at lindsey and back at melissa ) you be right . I do not want to waste this fine piece of ass . one walk over to melissa and bashes she head open with a object , kill she . the child scream . two laugh with delight . one ( cont 'd ) ( to lindsey ) calm down . I want to talk to you in private . where 's the bathroom ? silence pervade the room as neither of the child dare speak . 35 . one ( cont 'd ) where 's the fuck bathroom ? two I think it 's down the hall ! I see it . I gotta piss too . one we need some one - on- one time . babysit this little faggot . one grab the camera along with lindsey and carry she to the bathroom , kick and scream . once they be in the bathroom and the door have be shut , one set she down . one ( cont 'd ) I be go to take off you clothes . just relax . lindsey fuck you ! one we will leave on you underwear . I be not some kind of pervert , I just want to see you body . lindsey I be not do shit for you . fuck you ! one begin to forcibly remove she clothing . lindsey resist in vain . after she outer clothing be remove , one secure she to a object by she foot . he stand back and admire she female form . then he attempt to photograph various angle and different part of she body . one how old be you ? 36 . lindsey remain silent . one ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? lindsey remain silent . one ( cont 'd ) just tell I how old you be . lindsey remain silent . one ( cont 'd ) do you have a boyfriend ? lindsey we just move here from New Jersey . how would I know anyone in you shitty town ? one why the fuck do you move here if you be gonna be a jap bitch think you be better than everyone else ? so do you at least have one back in New Jersey ? lindsey yes . technically , we be still engage . and he 'il hunt you down , you son of a bitch ! one haha . you be quite the romantic . look , I be not go to hurt you . I just have a thing for high school girl and you be really sexy . especially cheerleader . ( more ) 37 . one ( cont 'd ) you probably will not believe this , but I have get butterfly in my stomach right now . I be actually a gentleman . you be in high school , right ? lindsey look at he with a combination of puzzlement and disgust . she be try to cover herself up . one begin touch various part of she time . lindsey body for a brief period of her underwear remain on . ( frightened ) do not hurt I . the fondle continue as one spot some lotion on the counter and rub they onto she . one begin kissing she and perform imply masturbation . he begin to grunt . he touch she rear . one you have get a perfect ass . finally , he have a think . one ( cont 'd ) do you like to drink ? you parent have a lot of good shit here . I 'ma go get something . it 'il loosen you up . one leave the room to return be browsing earlier . on he in the other room , so he run be go on . tyler 's eye have be gouge the background . two and three to the liquor cabinet he have way , he hear tyler scream in that direction to see what out . he continue to scream in be both laugh at he hysterically . the remain of he eye be on the floor . tyler I can not see anything ! ah ! one why the fuck do you do that ? three chill out , fuck face , we be have some fun with this prick . one you do not do that shit without I in the room to see . two he 's right , we should have wait for he . three fuck that . it be dope ! one wait , who the fuck be watch the dad ? two and three give a blank stare . one ( cont 'd ) where do you put he ? two in the room by the front door . one immediately dart out of the room and start run to the room they describe . when he reach the room , he look inside and discover that dan be no longer there . he look around to double check but find no sign of dan . 39 . one fuck ! one ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) the dad be go ! one ( cont 'd ) mother fuck idiot ! one knock over some furniture and equipment out of frustration . one ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) I be go to find you , you kike piece of shit ! one set off search the house frantically for dan . he run upstairs , think he might be hide upstairs . some time elapse as he search unsuccessfully . he look into the room where he leave lindsey and shut the door when he see that she be still there . one ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) I be go to make you watch I tear up you daughter 's sweet little pussy before I smash you fuck face in ! one enter the master bedroom and , after scrutinize the room for dan , decide to rifle through a jewelry box . he take a few souvenir . then he exit the room and return downstairs . one suddenly spot blind tyler run around aimlessly in another room , stumbling over furniture . 40 . one ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) why the fuck be this kid loose ? which one of you mongoloid let he go ? tyler hear and duck down . one ignore he . he be still in pursuit of dan . there be no response from two or three . one peer into another room , but there be no sign of dan . one decide to return to where he last see two and three . three be move around frenetically as if he 's do some kind of irregular dance . he appear more wire than ever . one ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be wrong with you moron ? two I think he 's od’ing . three shut the fuck up ! one shit be get out of control ! the dad 's fuck miss and the kid be run around like a wild animal ! two you see he ? how fuck funny be that shit ? fuckin 's helen keller ! one Split up and find the dad ! 41 . three if you do not give I that fuck camera , I be go to slit you fuck throat ! one take it ! I do not want it anymore . this be not a fuck joke ! one pass three the camera . three ( into the camera ) I be gonna show this motherfucker how to make a movie ! three exit the room and start look around the house for tyler . three ( cont 'd ) ( narrate into the camera ) once upon a time ... God invent tweak . now I be God ! the end ! hahahaha ! three , apparently hallucinate , believe for a split second that he have just spot tyler out of the corner of he eye . three ( cont ’d ) you ! I fuck see you ! three dart over to the area where he think he see tyler and pan around , look for he still . three ( cont 'd ) come out , come out , wherever you be ! 42 . three realize that nothing be there . he continue search around . he eventually find tyler hide in the same spot he be last spot by one . he hear he nervous breath . three ( cont ’d ) boo ! three grab the kid and throw he over he shoulder as he kick and scream . three easily overpower he and carry he to the kitchen table . he throw he down onto a chair and hold he down while he call two . three ( cont 'd ) two ! get the fuck in here ! two grab he leg and tie he back up . tyler be panting , babbling , and otherwise unable to muster the breath to speak . three ( cont 'd ) this kid be awesome ! hahaha ! let 's get he fuck up ! two dude , this little bastard will be bounce off the wall ! three the kike 's gonna love it . three hand the camera to two . three take out a little baggy and pour some powder onto he knife . he then raise the knife to tyler nose . three ( cont 'd ) snort this shit if you wanna not feel pain anymore kid ..... 43. Tyler do nothing so Three raise it up to he nose . three ( cont 'd ) Fucking snort it ! Tyler snort up the meth and then start twitching a little bit . two I think you give he too much . Tyler scream , and Three punch he in the face . three who care . let 's set this little fucker free . three unbind tyler 's leg and slap he on the back of the head , so as to encourage he to get up and leave . three ( cont 'd ) get the fuck up , skippy , and run away as fast as you can before we shoot you in you fuck head ! tyler promptly stand up and run away , stumbling recklessly over furniture and fixture , knock thing over . two and he 's off ! haha ! two follow tyler as he run off into adjacent room . two ( cont 'd ) run like the wind ! we will never catch you ! tyler eventually crash into a wall and fall over . two , giggle , walk over to film he face , tyler be just twitching and scream on the ground . two look up . 44 , two ( cont 'd ) watch the little fucker . I still gotta take a piss . three like I give a fuck ! two I be go to go use it even if he be not do in there . three tell they to fuckoff . or share that puss . two walk to the bathroom . he get to the bathroom that Lindsay and one be in and knock on the door . two you in there mang ? I gotta fuckin go . there be no answer . two ( cont 'd ) dude open the fuck up ! there be still no answer . two try the doorknob but it 's lock . two ( cont 'd ) Fine dick head . I be just gonna piss on the floor out here . two start to undo he pants and then notice a wetspot on the floor . he shine the camera on it and there be a pool of blood seeping out from underneath the door . 45 . two ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? one ? do you kill the bitch ? still no answer . two start bashing himself against the door until it bust open . he pan the camera around the bathroom to reveal one dead with he pants around he ankle clutching he fatally wounded neck with blood all over the bathroom and he head in the sink , mask off . two ( cont 'd ) ah ! they fuck kill John ! Three come run in , and see the carnage . he start cry and then scream . three my little brother ! oh , God dammit ! I be gonna make they pay for this , baby bro . I be gonna make they fuck pay ! fuck ! Three run off . two do not fuck leave I here ! two continue to examine the body and survey the scene . he close the door . then he hear Tyler scream . three ( off screen ) you gonna fuck burn , you little fuck ! two be alarmed by the commotion . he be about to return to three , when he hear something else and abruptly turn . he move slowly in order to try to identify the source of the noise . 46 . two I hear you ! two be meet with silence . two ( cont 'd ) you be not go to get away with this . you can not just kill my boy and walk away . two enter a nearby bedroom . he think he hear noise but after approach its source , he see that it be just some electronic device . he be paranoid that he be be follow . he look out the window , and nothing be there . two continue scan the room . two ( cont 'd ) come out come out wherever you be ! two start walk towards a shelf that be slightly ajar . he pause for a second , and pull out he gun . two ( cont 'd ) come out now and I wont shoot . there 's a noise behind the couch . two run over to the couch gun draw and see a plastic bottle on the ground behind it . he pause for a second and turn and Lindsay be stand right there hold a nail file . she stab two in the stomach and run . two stagger back a little and look down at he stomach . it 's bleed , he put he hand on it and then grunt . two ( cont 'd ) you fuck bitch ! i’1l fuck kill you . 47 . two fire the gun once after Lindsay as she slam the door and lock it . two run up to the door and start bang on it . two ( cont 'd ) you fuck stab I you fuck bitch ! open the fuck door you bitch ! lindsay fuck you ! two open the fuck door bitch ! she doesnt answer . two ( cont 'd ) open the fuck door or I be go to fuck shoot the mother fuck hinge off of this fuck door ! lindsey fuck you ! two have it you way bitch ! two point 's he gun at the door , right as he be about to fire the smoke alarm go off . two ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be burn !? i’1l be back you fuck whore . Lindsay be hear cry behind the door . two run to find the source of the smell , think that they may have be burn they own house down . 48 . he sniff around and follow he nose to the kitchen where we see Three stand in a pool of blood and chunks of flesh , hold a cleaver , in front of the oven . he have a hellish smile . two ( cont 'd ) where 's the kid ? Three turn slowly to look at two . three he be too big to fit in whole .... I have to hack they up into piece before put he in ... two inspect the oven . there be a slightly char mangle body inside of it . he laugh uncomfortably . he clutches he stomach . three ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? two I find the girl . she fuck stab I ! three be you okay ? two yeah it 's not too deep , just a slash really . three where be she ? 49 . two she fuck lock herself into this room . that fuck smoke alarm be annoying I . Three point he gun up and fire . the smoke alarm turn off . three show I where she be . two pause for a second and grip he side . three ( cont 'd ) you sure you be okay ? two yeah , I be fine . three and how be John do ? two seem very confuse . two John die . you see he ... Three fall to he knee in shock , as if everything suddenly hit he right now . he start scream in pain at the top of he lung . he continue scream again and again as he sink lower and lower to the ground have a complete meltdown . he rip off he ski-mask . he start cry . he then look up at the two , who by this point have reach out he hand to comfort three . two ( cont 'd ) put you fuck mask back on . 50 . three no ! they already know who I be anyway . two hey big guy , it 's gonna be okay . you be just come down . three gonna be okay ? no it 's not . it 's never go to be the same . that bastard kill my brother . John be go and they take they from I . two you needa pull it together man . put you fuck mask back on . three why ? you already film my fuck face . they be gonna find John 's body . how be we go to get away with this ? two clutches he wound again . three ( cont 'd ) and now you hurt . this whole fuck thing be go to shit ... two reach into he pocket and pull out some meth and hand it to Three . two snort this fuck shit and pull it together man . we need to be focus right now . ( more ) 51 . two ( cont 'd ) that fuck bitch be hold up in the room and I do not know where the fuck the dad be . Three snort some of the meth and sit there panting for a few second . two ( cont 'd ) you okay man ? three I be more then okay . so where do you say the bitch be ? two she 's hold up in a room ... Three stand up . two ( cont 'd ) you gonna put you mask back on ? Three put he mask back on . grab a gun and start power walk towards the room as two follow with the camera . when Three get to the bathroom he start ramming he shoulder into the door . he do it twice and then stop . three look bitch , either you open this fuck door or I be go to bust in there and fuck rip out every one of you mother fuck tooth and shove they up you fuck ass before i fuck you in it doggystyle . do I make myself clear bitch ? open the fuck door . there be absolutely no response . 52 . three ( cont ’d ) have it you way . Three shoot at the hinge of the door a few time and then ram into it . the door fall down . there be no one inside the room but the window be wide open . three ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be that bitch ? I think you say she be in here . two you have get to be kid I ! three what ? two she must have clime out the fuck window . they both rush over to the window . sure enough , in the distance , lindsey be see staggering away . you can see there be absolutely no neighbor nearby . just open land and tree . three how many shot you get leave ? two one away from a full clip I think . three gimmie ! Three snatch two 's gun from he and point it out towards Lindsay . he aim up . 53 . three ( cont 'd ) this little piggy go , wee wee wee all the way back home . Three take the shot . he miss and immediately fire again . this shot hit and drop lindsay to the ground . a yelp be hear in the distance . three ( cont 'd ) wooo buddy ! I get she . let 's go collect we bag limit . two and Three climb through the window and run out to where lindsay be . she be crawl on the ground . a bullet hit she right in the back of the knee . two damn , that really be a good shot ! three say absolutely nothing and pull out he knife . Lindsay be crawl away from they on the grass panicked , as they follow from above . Three drop to he knee and stab he knife into the bullet wound in she leg and begin twist it . lindsey start scream . two ( cont 'd ) this be for stabbing I bitch . two start kick Lindsay in the rib . Three look up at two . three stop it . she 's mine . two stop kick she . Three take he foot and step on she crotch . Lindsay be wail in pain by this point . Three lift up he foot and put it on the back of she head but doesnt press down . 54 . three ( cont 'd ) I could pop you fuck head open like a watermelon right now . you know that right ? Lindsay flail and scream a muffle scream underneath Three 's boot . three ( cont 'd ) but I be not gonna do that just yet . I want you to eat the fuck grass and dirt like a filthy little animal . Lindsay flail and scream more . three ( cont 'd ) I say I want you to fuck eat the grass and mud like the little piggy you be . Three press down with he boot as lindsay try to push up with she arm . three ( cont 'd ) I say do it ! two I think there 's still some fight in she . three the bitch be break . trust I . Three move he foot off of she for a second . Lindsay star panting . Three dig he finger into she bullet wound and she start scream . he then put he foot back on she head . 55 . three ( cont 'd ) you have 3 second . Lindsay reach forward and grab a clump of grass and shovel it into she mouth . Three take he foot off of she and lay down next to she . his face press against hers . three ( cont 'd ) more ! a do not forget to swallow . Lindsay be cry as she take a tiny bit of grass and put it in she mouth and chew . three ( cont 'd ) fuck this . Three grab a handful of dirt and grass and shove it in she mouth . he hold he hand there as she gag on it . three ( cont 'd ) I be gonna do this bitch like she mommy . Three start unbuttone he pants . two turn away from they with the camera as Lindsay begin cough and scream , something be see in the window of the house . two stop ! three what the fuck . why ? two turn to look at Three . two I see he . three saw who ? 56 . the dad ! lindsey daddy help ! Three kick Lindsay in the face and she get knock out . three well come on . let 's go get he . Three zip up he pants . three ( cont 'd ) I will tear this bitch a new asshole later . Three help Lindsay , who be still unconscious , up . he carry she over he shoulder . as he carry she he manage to fondle she butt . two let 's just get John and get the fuck out . by now this guy 's probably call the cop . three no ... I want to make they suffer for what they do to my brother . two look at three and pause . two he be like a brother to I , too , man . I do not know why you gotta be such a bitch about this when I be keep my shit together fine . three fuck you ! three shove two . two alright , alright . Christ . let 's go . three ( refer to lindsey on he back ) what about this bitch ? two we take she along . she 's we bargain chip . 57 . two then gesture to three to quietly head a different way . instead of climb back through the window , they head to another area of the house which be apparently open . two ( cont 'd ) I hope to hell they do not have a gun in there . this be risky as fuck . three Jews do not have gun . two I do not trust this guy . I wannna get out of here . they reach they destination and enter . this be presumably where they originally break in and cut the power . two ( cont 'd ) in and out , we get John and leave . no bullshit , alright ? 58 . three then lose the fuck camera , retard ! two no way in hell I be gonna forget this night . now , quiet ! two and three enter . gun draw , they walk carefully through the house toward the room where John 's body be leave , pass by the havoc they have wreak . they take notice of the fact that body have be move . on the way , three keep wander off , require two to usher he forward . two ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) come on , this way . three wander off again . two ( cont 'd ) dude . do not fuck around ... three I want to find this son of a bitch . two I do not care what you want . this be about John ... two , frustrated , point the camera around where three be look , revealing nothing . two ( cont 'd ) either follow I , or you be on you own tonight . three ( yelling ) be it you or you kike daughter that kill my brother ! 59 . two ( whisper ) what the fuck be you do ?! three I get you little whore here with I ! i’1l make you a granddaddy if you do not come out ! there be no response . three ( cont 'd ) haha . daddy 's a little coward . two ( whisper ) I guess we should probably kill he . no witness . three no shit . you just fuck realize that ? two ( whisper ) keep it down , do you want he to find we ? two and three continue on , slowly . a sudden noise be hear . two ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) hear that ? three yeah . dan grab two from behind , press a knife against he neck . camera drop to the floor . three ( cont 'd ) whoa ! fuck ! 60 . dan just give she to I . give she back to I ! three hey there , you be not the one in charge right now ... dan the police be on they way ! three take it easy ... two ( struggle ) we be not gonna kill you ! three just put the knife down , and I will not rape you little girl in front of you . dan you put down the gun ! three kneel down and drop Lindsay on the ground . instead of put down he gun , he pick up the camera and point it at dan 's face . dan ( cont 'd ) what do you do to she ?! three how do I zoom in with this thing ? dan if you hurt she I x11 kill you both ! I be serious ! 61 . three begin to zoom in on dan 's face . two what the fuck be you do ? help I ! three hold on a second . dan put the gun down ! Three put the camera down on the table and it capture the whole scene from a wideshot side angle . three see I can play nice . Three drop to the ground with Lindsay and put the gun to she head . dan put down the fuck gun ! two do not fuck let this fuck kill I ! three but I already put down the camera for you ? dan why would that matter ? do you think I be joke ? three because I be go to kill you with it . ( more ) 62 . three ( cont 'd ) and then I be gonna blow this bitch brain out and fuck she in the hole my gun make . Three smile . dan if you do anything to she I will kill he ! three oh no ... do not do that ! dan give she to I . Three prop up Lindsay and hold she up . dan ( cont 'd ) wake she up ! show I my baby be alive . Three slap she in the face . she begin to struggle and scream . dan ( cont 'd ) Lindsay ! Three hit she on the back of the head with the gun and she go out cold again . he hold she lifeless body close to he with a gun to she head . three ( sing ) oh Danny Boy , the pipe . dan put down the gun ! 63. three ( increasingly angry ) the pipe be call . dan I swear I will slit he throat ! two just fuck listen to he ! Three let 's go of Lindsay 's body and she fall to the floor . Dan be stunne for a second and loosen 's he grip . suddenly , two break free and tackle dan . dan lose the knife . three whoa ! whoa ! two and dan wrestle on the floor . three continue to film , while approach they . three grab dan and throw he off of two . three ( cont 'd ) this be for kill my brother ! three kneel down and repeatedly bashes dan over the head with the camera . three ( cont ’d ) you fuck Jew ! two Holy fuck !! three hahaha ! bam ! dan be dead . two kneel down to catch he breath . three ( cont 'd ) I get my revenge ! 64 . two we have to get John and get the fuck out ! three you go get he . I do not want to look at he right now . two be you kid ? three I save you fuck life ! get John , I do not want to see he . two I be out of breath . I need a minute . three quit be a pussy and do it ! two race to the room where one 's body be lie and wrap he in a blanket os . in the meantime , three play with the camera and film lindsey , who be still unconscious . hint of reflection be detect . three ( cont 'd ) you do not even have horn or nothing . two return , drag a blanket - wrap one back to the room where three be wait . two ( out of breath ) okay , man , let 's dip . hit the light . three I be gonna quick check the fridge . 65 . two dude we need to get the fuck out of here . three hold on man . at least let I do a fuckin bump . two alright give I a keyshot . Three pull out he car key and scoops up a little bit of meth and give put it up to two 's nose . three straight to the fuckin brain ! two groan . Three get another keyfull of the meth and snort it really quick . two alright man let 's get the fuck out of here already . three do baby need a baba ? two what ? three you cry like a little bitch . two the fuck cop be come dumb fuck . 66 . three then let 's fuck leave ! two begin to drag one and three lift lindsey over he shoulder . they begin to walk towards the exit of the home . Three stop infront of Dan and kick he in the body a few time and then spit on he . they exit the home . two and three load up they supplies and loot into the trunk of they car . together , two and three throw one in the trunk of the car with the weapon . they realize do not have enough room for lindsey in the trunk . three ( cont 'd ) we gotta put she in the backseat , she will not fit . open up the door . two comply and three place lindsey in the backseat and cover she with a blanket . they enter the car and speed off . once they start drive , they remove they mask . two I can not believe this . three we be bury John tonight . two and what about when people notice he 's go ? the same fuck day that a whole family get murk ? three we will have to make up a story about he leave . I do not know . or maybe just be like we do not know . 67 . two oh yeah , and then the girl 's gonna be miss too . people be go to figure it all out . they 'il make the connection . do you parent see you leave with John ? three would you shut the fuck up already ? two you gonna waste the bitch or do I have to ? three I be gonna keep she as my sex slave . i’1ll never let she out of the house . two she 's the last piece of evidence , and I ‘’1l be damned if I let you take a chance with it , bro ... three you be not my bro . quit try to boss I the fuck around , you faggotty fuck . I can train she to obey I . two whatever . know you , you will end up kill she when you be fuck she . three explode . 68. three get that fuck thing out of my face ! three grab the camera and throw it into the back . two she 's fuck jailbait . sick fuck . two and three be silent for a minute , and then the car pull into a gas station . three there 's nobody around . I be get a pack of cigarettes , watch my bitch . three open the door and exit the car . two be you fuck kid I ? Jesus . lindsey suddenly grab the camera and make a break for freedom from the driver 's side of the car while scream for help . two start yell and open up the passenger door to chase after she . two ( cont 'd ) get the fuck back here ! two chase after lindsey . while flee , she lob the camera . she scream . about 30 second go by , after which a gag , struggle lindsey can be hear be take back into the car . three have come back outside . three how the fuck do she get out ? I leave you alone for ... 69 . car door be hear slamm , with faint commotion continue to emanate from the car while lindsey be be restrain . two and three can be hear drive off . camera cut off abruptly . screen go black . we hold on black for a few second . then the epilogue come in over the black . epilogue : ( over Black ) '' the footage be find in the store parking lot by a patron later that night . base on the video footage find , two and three be identify and apprehend two week later . lindsey be find alive in three 's basement , where she be brutally torture and rape repeatedly . lindsey testify at trial against two and three , who be convict of 4 count of murder , rape , etc . they name be Bill buckly and Thomas Middle . John 's full name be John buckly Jr . they receive increase penalty due to the violent crime Control and Law enforcement Act and be now serve multiple life sentence . lindsey be currently 20 year old and adjust to life without she family . 80,000 hate related crime occur each year in the United States , and the number have be increase each year for the past decade . hate and prejudice still exist today . '' the end 70 .