JOHN die at the end screenplay by Don coscarelli base on the novel by David Wong breakdown service - caste - partial draft April 20 , 2010 property of : Silver sphere Corporation copyright '' 2010 Silver sphere Corporation notice : this material be the property of Silver sphere Corporation and be intend and restrict solely for use by Silver sphere Corporation personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorize person be prohibit . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibit . black david v.o solve the follow riddle will reveal the awful secret behind the universe , assume you do not go utterly mad in the attempt . if you already happen to know the awful secret behind the universe , feel free to fast - forward ahead . cu hand unwrap a shiny new wooden - handle hand ax . david v.o ( cont 'd ) let 's say you have a ax . just a cheap one , from Home Depot . ext . snow yard - day 1 the camera pan across a snow cover yard as a brutal , winter wind whip through . a strong arm be swinging the ax , chopping something in the snow . david v.o on one bitter winter day , you use say ax to behead a man . do not worry , the man be already dead . or maybe you should worry , because you be the one who shot he . a hand swing the axe while the other hand firmly grasp a head by the hair . david v.o ( cont 'd ) he have be a big , twitchy guy with veiny skin stretch over swollen biceps , a tattoo of a swastika on ... cu - a swastika tattoo on a blue , swollen tongue poke out of the dead mouth . david v.o ( cont 'd ) teeth file into razor - sharp fang , you know the type . and you be chopping off he head because , even with eight bullet hole in he , you be pretty sure he 's about to spring back to he foot and eat the look of terror right off you face . the ax swing through one last time and on impact , the wooden handle snap in a spray of splinter . david v.o ( cont 'd ) you now have a break ax . so , after a long night of look for a place to dump the man and he head , you take a trip into town with you ax . you go to the hardware store , explain away the dark reddish stain on the break handle as barbecue sauce . int . hardware store - day 2 cu - dollar bill go into a cash drawer and a brown bag with the end of a ax handle stick out be hand across the counter . david v.o the repair ax sit undisturbed in you house until the next spring when , on one rainy morning , you find in you kitchen ... int . dave 's kitchen - day 3 cu - the newly -reconstitute ax sit in the corner of the kitchen window - a drive rain lash the window outside . suddenly we swish pan to ... a creature that appear to be a foot - long slug with a bulging egg sac on its tail . its jaw bite a nearby fork in half with what seem like very little effort . a hand grab the ax and ... david v.o you grab you trusty ax and chop the thing into several piece . on the last blow , however ... the ax strike a metal leg of the overturn kitchen table and chip out a notch right in the middle of the blade . david v.o ( cont 'd ) of course , a chip head mean yet another trip to the hardware store . int . hardware store - day 4 we reprise the previous visit to the hardware store , but instead of a ax handle , we be hand a shiny new ax head . david v.o as soon as you get home with you newly -headed ax , though ... breakdown service - castina - partial draft int . dave 's live room - day 5 bam ! the front door blow open to reveal .. the reanimated body of the dead guy stand there . david v.o you meet the reanimate body of the guy you behead last year . only he 's get a new head , stitched on with what look like plastic weed trimmer line , and wear that unique expression of '' you be the man who kill I last winter '' resentment that one so rarely encounter in everyday life . so you brandish you ax . the dead guy take a long look at the weapon with he squishy , rotting eye and in a gargly voice he scream ... dead guy that 's the same ax that slay I ! david v.o be he right ? CUT to : ext . dave 's live room - night 6 david wong be fast asleep , sprawle on the couch in he small live room . Dave be twenty - something , caucasian , casually dress in '' slacker - ware , '' with dark , long hair . across from he be a television . the tv switch on by itself - static and white noise . Dave continue to sleep . on the tv , a oddly - shape face coalesc out of the static . a Michael Jackson face , a face like a mask , feature that be human but off . Wide , too - large eye , a nose not quite center . look right out at Dave . watch he . suddenly , a cell phone screech . instantly , the tv change channel and a dvd sale infomercial for '' psychic '' Dr. Albert marconi appear on screen . Dave wake , oblivious to the tv . he dig the phone from he pocket , glance at the number . a little twinge of fear cross he face . he disconnect the call without answer . the world be silent again , save for the infomercial which show cosmic imagery , with a '' new - age '' music soundtrack . breakdown service - castina - partial draft we see a image of the dapper and handsome dr . albert marconi with slicked back silver hair . a deep -voice narrator intone solemnly : infomercial narrator he 's a seeker of truth , in a age of fear . Dr. Albert marconi . unafraid of unseen force swirl around we ... the phone ring again . Dave close he eye and answer . dave hello ? JOHN ( 0.s. ) Dave ? this be John . you pimp say bring the crack shipment tonight , or he will be force to stick you . meet he where we bury the Korean whore . the one without the goatee . dave v.o that be John 's code . it mean '' bring you gear and come to my lace as soon as you can , it 's important . '' dave John , it 's three in the - JOHN ( 0.s . ) - oh , and do not forget , tomorrow be the day we kill the President . click . Dave realize John be go and close he phone . dave v.o that last part be code for , '' stop and pick I up some cigarettes on the way . '' ext . dave 's shed - night 7 Dave 's black 1973 ford bronco be park next to a wooden shed beside he house . Dave hump a duffle bag of gear and throw it into the back of the bronco . Dave move back inside the shed and we can see in the dim glow that it 's get a '' clubhouse of the live Dead '' vibe with a array of strange , oddball paraphernalia display ... a stuffed cat with six leg , two large mason jar contain a hideous slug-like creature and a huge yellow - stripe spider , and a rack of odd weaponry , include sword and crossbow . Dave find what he be look for , a medieval - style torch and some heavy rubber glove . breakdown service - castina - partial draft Dave toss the stuff in the bronco , pull a nickel - plate 9 mm colt from the gear bag and slide it into he pocket . he slam the door shut . ext . JOHN 's apartment front door - night 8 JOHN , 24 , with a head of curly long hair like a deflate afro , open the door to he apartment and immediately gesture toward a cute and frighten - look young woman ( shelly ) on he sofa . JOHN Dave , this be shelly . she need we help . shelly be 19 , blank powder - blue eye , chestnut curl ina ponytail . she have a white bandage on she temple . John step into he kitchen and return to place a cup of coffee in she hand . JOHN ( cont 'd ) shelly , tell we you story . shelly it 's my boyfriend . he ... he will not leave I alone . he 's be harass I for about a week . my parent be go , on vacation and I be ... I be terrify to go home . she shake she head , apparently out of word . dave miss - shelly ( barely audible ) Morris . dave Ms. Morris , I strongly recommend a woman 's shelter . they can help you get a restrain order , keep you safe , whatever . there be three in this city , and I will be happy to make the call - shelly - he , my boyfriend , I mean , he 's be dead for two month . Dave let out a long sigh and see John cast a little gleeful glance he way , as if to say '' see how I deliver for you , Dave ? '' breakdown service - castina - partial draft shelly ( cont 'd ) i- I do not know where else to go . I hear , you know , through a friend of mine that you two handle , um , unusual problem . they say you be the best . dave whoever call we '' the best '' have pretty low standard . JOHN okay . when he come , you can see he ? shelly yes . I can hear he , too . and he , uh ... she brushes the bandage on the side of she skull . dave he hit you ? shelly yes . dave with he fist ? shelly yes . John look up from he coffee indignantly . JOHN man , what a dick ! Dave roll he eye and glare at John . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( turn professorial ) from we experience , spiritual being that can manipulate object in the physical world be rare and extremely powerful . dave look , miss , I do not want to - JOHN Dave , I tell she we would look into it tonight . I think you and I could head over there and show this bastard what 's what . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 10 11 int . ford bronco drive - night 9 shelly sit in the passenger seat as the bronco race down a dark road , hugging herself , look blankly out the windshield . shelly so , do you guy , like , do this a lot ? JOHN sometimes . be do it for a couple year now . shelly how do somebody get into this ? JOHN there be a incident . a series of incident , I guess . a dead guy , another dead guy . some drug . it 's kind of a long story . now , we can see thing . sometimes . I have a dead cat that follow I around , wonder why I never feed it . oh , and I have one hamburger that start moo when I eat it . ( glance at Dave ) you remember that ? Dave grunt , say nothing . dave v.o it be not moo , John . it be scream . ext . shelly 's house - night 10 the bronco stop in front of a simple two -story farmhouse . from the back of the bronco , Dave grab the unlit torch and toss John a wide leather strap , which John sling over he shoulder like a bandolero . the strap carry a holster which fit neatly across John 's chest , contain a sawed - off shotgun pistol . John step up on the porch and push open the front door . int . shelly house - night 11 they step into the dark live room . shelly move to flip on a light , but Dave stop she with a hand motion . John heft the torch and touch he lighter to it . a foot - tall flame erupt from the head and they slowly creep through the dark house by its flicker light . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 12 JOHN where do you see he , mostly ? shelly ( nervously ) the basement . and once I see he in the bathroom . his hand , it , uh , come up through the toilet while I - dave okay . just show we the basement door . shelly it 's in the kitchen , but I - guy , I do not wanna go down there . JOHN it 's cool , stay here . we will go down and scope it out . John and Dave clomp down the stair , torchlight pool down the stairwell . int . shelly 's basement - night 12 it 's a nice , modern basement . washer and dryer , one of that waist - deep floor freezer , a hot water heater make a soft tick sound . JOHN well , he 's not here . dave Big surprise . they stand around for a moment . John use the torch to light a cigarette . JOHN she seem like a nice girl , do not she ? you know , she remind I of amber . Amy 's friend . when she come to my door , for a second I actually think it be she . by the way , I wanna thank you for comin’ along , Dave , sort of be my wingman on this . I be not say I be go to take advantage of she distress or anything , but ... Dave ruefully shake he head then stop . he have tune John out . something be off here . Dave turn to the large floor freezer . he move over and open the lid . breakdown service - castina - partial draft dave oh , geez . it be a tongue , rubbery and purplish and be longer , animal - like , twisted inside a coat in frost . and it be not alone ; the with hunk of flesh , some in clear bag , in pink -stain butcher paper . JOHN not quite human . it ziplock bag and freezer be fill some bigger chunks well , I think it 's obvious . that storey of ufo 's that go around mutilate cow ? I think we just solve it , my friend . dave ( sigh ) . it 's a deer , you jackass . her boyfriend hunt , apparently . that 's what hunter do ; they keep the meat . Dave nudge around and find other painfully normal freezer stuff underneath include a frozen turkey , some sausages . Dave suddenly drop the lid , turn and stare at John . dave ( cont 'd ) John , do I hear you say you think she look like amber ? JOHN yeah . dave John , amber 's almost as tall as I , just under six foot . blonde hair , kind of top-heavy . JOHN yeah , cute as hell . I mean - dave and you think shelly look like she ? the girl sit upstairs ? JOHN yeah . John turn to face Dave , already get dave it . John , shelly be short . short with dark hair . Blue eye . John sigh , pluck out he cigarette and fling it to the floor . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 10 . JOHN God dammit . I know she be too good to be true . they turn to the stair , and freeze . shelly be suddenly there , behind they , sit halfway up the stair - — - look innocent , play the part , wary eye reflect torchlight . dave so shelly ... John and I be have a problem here . we be both see completely different version of you . as Dave speak , he hand casually drift toward the gun in he pocket . dave ( cont 'd ) now , John have eyesight problem because of he constant masturbation , but I do not think - shelly burst into snake . that 's right . one second she 's a girl , then the next , she body spill out of itself , fall into a dark , writhe puddle on the ground . it 's a tangle of long , black serpent , roll over each other and down the step . Dave and John leap out of the way as the snake slither off into the darkness . they get they bearing and Dave stride up the stair toward the exit door -- reach for the knob . at that instant the doorknob begin to melt and transform , turn pink and finally take the shape of a flaccid penis . it flop softly against the door , as if a man be cram it through the knob hole from the other side . Dave recoil and look back to John in horror . JOHN that door can not be open . they stumble back down the stair , John jump the last five , shoe smack on the concrete . the snake flee from the firelight and disappear under shelf and between cardboard box . JOHN ( cont 'd ) they love to play game , do not they ? dave it 's all they have time for . John stop cold . Dave look at what he 's see . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 11. meat . dozen of the wrap and now partially - unwrapped hunk from the freezer , lay neatly on the floor in a almost ceremonial fashion , the object arrange in the rough shape of a man . John move the torch toward the head area , where he find a frozen turkey still in the butterball wrapper . under it , wedge between turkey and torso , be the disembody deer tongue , flapping around on its own accord . JOHN hmmmm . that 's different . they both jump back as the turkey , the tongue , and a slab of rib levitate off the floor . suddenly the man-shape arrangement of meat become animated , raise up on two arm make of game hen and country bacon , plant two hand with sausage link finger on the floor . the thing stand upright . it 's about seven foot tall , its turkey head swiveling side to side to survey the room , the tongue sway uselessly below . without warning , it fling out a chain of link sausages from its '' arm '' and the sausage cord cinch tight around Dave 's neck . John 's shotgun be out of he holster in a flash , he cock both barrel and draw down on the meatstrosity . meat monster you disappoint I . all that time we have duel . in the desert . in the city . you think you have vanquish I in Venice . you 'il never defeat I , marconi ! I have seal this house with my power . you can not escape ! Dave choke , unable to breathe as John look up at the thing with incredulity . JOHN marconi ? as in , Doctor Albert marconi ? the guy who host magical Mystery on the Discovery Channel ? John step up combatively and glare at the thing . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you dumbass . marconi be fifty year old . he have white hair . Dave and I be not that old combine . we be not you nemesis . you nemesis be probably off give some seminar , stand waist - deep in a pile of he own money . the thing turn its turkey at John , release Dave . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 12. JOHN ( cont 'd ) ok . tell ya what , if we can get you in touch with marconi so you two can work out you little difference , will you release we ? meat monster you lie ! dave ( catch he breath ) no , we know he . we be in the same business , we have a direct line . now , we can not get he down here , but surely a be as superhumanly powerful as you can destroy he at a distance , right ? here . the thing watch Dave fish out he cell phone and dial . 13 int . convention hall corridor - night 13 the camera follow behind a mysterious man in a slick , black armani suit and two hot female assistant , clad in black leather , as they stride down a backstage corridor . a cell phone beep and one of the assistant answer it . behind the assistant we can see into the dark convention hall . visible inside be a large screen which illuminate a rapt audience . on the screen a video begin to play . it 's the same cosmic imagery and '' new - age '' music from the infomercial we see earlier . the deep -voice narrator intone solemnly : intro video narrator he 's a seeker of truth , in a age of fear . unafraid of unseen force swirl around we . willing to face down the legion of evil and help he fellow man to find a path from darkness into the light . from sell out engagement in Rome , tel aviv , madison Square Garden and Las Vegas ... female assistant sir. she hold out the cell phone and the man take it . 14 int . shelly 's basement - night 14 dave hello , Doctor . yes , John 's feel better . thank you for ask . I be afraid we have a situation 53 here . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 15 16 17 13 . dave ( cont 'd ) would you be willing to speak directly to , er ... the manifestation ? yes , I will . Dave offer up the phone to meaty . dave ( cont 'd ) do we have a deal ? the meat monster hesitates , then finally nod its turkey up and down . Dave hand it the phone . meat monster so ! we meat again , marconi . you think you have vanquish I but i- the beast spontaneously combust into a ball of unholy blue light . with a shriek , it leave we world . the lifeless cut of meat slap to the floor piece by piece , the cell phone clatter next to the pile . John and Dave stare in silence . JOHN damn , he 's good . int . convention hall corridor - night 15 Dr. Albert marconi snap the cell phone shut and hand it to he assistant . concurrently , inside the convention hall , he dramatic entrance music swell and , as the audience burst into applause , marconi stride inside . CUT to black : Main title up : JOHN die at the end fade in : aerial shot -— 16 a bird 's eye Pov as the camera emerge from dusky cloud to reveal a small , nondescript midwest town below . superimpose card which read : two year earlier ext . they china food ! - night 17 breakdown service - castina - partial draft 18 14 . the camera glide down Main Street and move in toward a small storefront window in which a sign read : they China food ! int . they china food ! restaurant - evening 18 the camera zero in on David Wong sit alone at a window booth of a small run-down chinese restaurant . dave v.o my name be David Wong . I once see a man 's kidney grow tentacles , tear itself out of a rag hole in he back and go slapping across my kitchen floor , but that 's another story . David stare blankly out of the window , occasionally glance across the street at the credit union clock sign that flash 5:32 pm . Dave compare the time with he watch . in a doorway across the street Dave notice something . a dark shape emerge from a alcove . it have the outline of a man , but be pitch black . this be a shadow man . Dave watch as the thing float up like a plume of smoke and slip soundlessly off into the night . Dave start to get up , but sweat and overwhelm by a dizzy spell , fall back into the booth . he look down at he tremble hand . dave v.o ( cont 'd ) more side effect . it 's always like this when I be on the sauce . I dose six hour ago . Dave take slow deep breath , try to chill out . he turn to watch a small asian waitress deliver a plate of chicken - fry rice to a bearded guy on the other side of the room . Dave squint intently at the rice plate . dave v.o ( cont 'd ) my count have 5,829 grain of rice on she plate . the rice be grow in Arkansas . the guy who run the John deere harvester be nickname cooter . I be not a genius , I be not psychic , either . just side effect , that 's all . Dave get the shake again , will himself to stop and begin unwrap the napkin off the flatware set in front of he . Close on the fork as Dave clutches it . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 15 . dave v.o ( cont 'd ) this fork be manufacture in Pennsylvania six year ago , on a Thursday . a guy once use it to scrape a dog turd from he shoe . Dave drop the fork and take a deep breath and close he eye . he open they , and jerk back in shock . a man be now sit across from he in the booth . arnie David Wong ? do you doze off there ? dave hey , uh ... you be arnie , right ? he nod and shake Dave 's hand . arnie sorry I be late . arnie blondestone be in be late forty , uneven haircut and a bad mustache . he wear a shabby gray suit and tie with a fat Windsor knot . there be a awkward moment as arnie stare at Dave , notice the pale skin and bead of sweat on he forehead . arnie ( cont ’d ) you do not look asian , Mr. Wong . dave I be not . I be bear right here . have my last name change . think it would make I harder to find . you know Wong be the most common surname in the world ? arnie get right to it and produce a little notebook . arnie you family be still around ? dave I be adopt . never know my real dad . you could be my dad , for all I know . be you my dad ? arnie shift in he seat . arnie eh , I do not think so . dave anyway . my adopt family move away , I will not tell you where they be . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 16 . dave ( cont 'd ) but get out you pen because you will want to write this down . my biological mom ? she be institutionalized . arnie that must have be hard . what be the - dave - she be a strung - out , crank - addict cannibal , dabble in vampirism and necromancy . blew she welfare check every month on black candle . sure , Satan would do she favor now and then , but there 's always a catch with the Devil . always a catch . arnie look up from he note-take . arnie really ? and I think my mom be bad because she would not let I watch Space ghost . be you pull my leg ? dave no . this be what I do when I be nervous . she be bipolar , that 's all . could not keep a house . be not the other story better , though ? you should use it . arnie shoot Dave a practice look of reporterly sincerity . arnie I think you want to get the truth out , you side of it . if not , then why be we even here , Mr. Wong ? dave you be right . sorry . arnie eye Dave , size he up . he move he gaze to the other object on the table . Dave rest he finger on it . it be a small cannister , about the size and shape of a spool of thread , make of flat , brush metal . dave v.o I could blow you world away , arnie . if I show you what 's in this container , you would never sleep another full night , never feel at one with the human race until the day you die . but we be not ready for that , not yet . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 17. arnie tell I about you friend John . dave like what ? we go to school together ? that 's not he real name , either . arnie you guy already get a little bit of a follow , do not you ? I find a couple of discussion board on the web devote to you and you friend , you ... hobby , I guess . so , you be , what , sort of spiritualist ? exorcist ? something like that ? the camera move in on Dave 's eye . dave v.o okay , enough farting around . dave you have eighty - three cent in you front pocket , arnie . Three quarter , a nickel , three penny . the three penny be date 1983 , 1993 and 1999 . arnie grin the superior grin of the '' I be the smartest man in the room '' skeptic , then scoops he coin out of he pocket . he examine they , confirm Dave be right . arnie gulp , cough out a laugh . arnie well I will be damned ! that 's a neat trick , Mr. Wong . dave if you flip the nickel ten time , you will get head , head , tail , head , tail , tail , tail , head , tail , tail . arnie I be not sure I wanna take the time to - dave - last night you have a dream , arnie . you be be chase through a forest by you mother . she be lash you with a whip make of ... knotted ... penise . arnie 's face fall , like a implode building . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 19 18 . dave v.o that 's right , arnie . everything you know be wrong . arnie croak out a whisper . arnie you get my attention , Mr. Wong . dave oh , it get better . a lot better . the camera slowly move into Dave 's face . dave v.o bullshit . what it get be worse . a lot worse . Dave breathes deep and begin spin he tale to arnie who grab he pen and begin take note . dave it start a couple year ago . we be just a year or two out of high school . just kid . so that friend of mine , John , he have a band ... CUT to : close on - a kick drum skin - scrawle in a bloody font be the word : three -arm sally . a thumping backbeat kick in as a blister guitar riff cut through the air . ext . muddy field - night 19 John be at the mike , play guitar and lead he 4 piece band on vocal . he wear a T-shirt with a logo that read : vista pine facility for the criminally insane . JOHN ( sing ) Hair ! Hair ! haaairrr ! camel holocaust ! camel holocaust ! in the middle of a muddy field , Dave stand watch the band among a crowd of a hundred or so high school and college - age party - goer . the stage be just a grid of wooden crate pallet and car headlight illuminate the place . dave v.o telling the story now , I be tempt to say something like , '' who would have think that my friend John would help bring about the end of the world ? '' breakdown service - castina - partial draft 20 19 . ext . muddy field by pickup truck - night 20 Dave turn and wander away . as he pass a Beer keg hang off the bed of a pickup truck , Dave see a friend , fred chu . Fred be a little , wiry young man with shoulder - length hair and a goatee . dave hey , Fred . Fred hand Dave a cup of beer . Dave grab it as Fred offer up a toast . fred here 's to all the kiss I have snatch ... and vice versa . dave amen . they clink cup . a few yard behind they , they can hear a girl ( Amy ) plead with a older teenage boy ( Justin White ) who wear a '' limp bizkit '' T-shirt . amy dammit , Justin . please , give it back to I . justin what ' chew thinkin’ girl ? git yo ' hand off I ! back at the keg , Dave bring the beer to he lip and thwack ! a object slam into he drink , he cup be knock out of he hand and beer spray everywhere . Dave look up to see Justin and he teenage friend laugh at he . Dave flip Justin the bird and then look down at the truck bed and , in the center of a pool of beer , lie a prosthetic hand , soak in brew ! Dave gingerly pick up the plastic hand and examine it . amy could I have that back ? Dave look up to find Amy stand beside he , face flushed , eye brim with tear . she 's about 19 , long reddish hair . dave I bet this come in hand ...y. Dave give the prosthesis back to the unsmile Amy . she gulp and , as inconspicuously as possible , slide the prosthetic over the stump on she leave forearm . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 21 20 . dave ( cont 'd ) Amy , right ? hey , I be sorry about the joke . really . want a beer ? his charm offensive be not work . amy no ! my dog just bit some jamaican guy and I have get to find she . fred wow , man . my uncle lose he foot in he riding mower . say he can still feel it . what 's it call '' fantasy leg situation '' or something like that ? amy ( sarcastic ) not that you deserve a intelligent answer , but , yeah , it 's '' phantom limb syndrome . '' every amputee go through it . and it go away . asshole . Amy glare at they and leave . dave good one , Fred . Dave pour himself another beer , then hear giggle from a group of girl . ext . muddy field by rastafarian - night 21 he wander over , find they surround a black guy ( ROBERT ) with dreadlock , a overcoat and rastafarian beret . the girl have they hand over they mouth , eye bulg , scream for the guy to do it again . dave what 's up ? be this man expose himself ? one girl look pale , on the verge of tear . another throw up she hand and walk away , head shaking . girl oh my gawd ! this guy just levitate ! right off the ground . dave ( ask blandly ) how high ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft 21. ROBERT you gotta love the skeptic , mon . Robert speak in a lilt rastafarian patois . girl show he ! show he ! dave what , about six inch above the grass , right ? balducci levitation ? make famous by that magic hack David blaine in he television special ? the man 's gaze freeze on Dave . Big , white , toothy smile . Dave recoil a bit from he penetrate stare and then notice a bandage wrap around he leave hand . ROBERT let 's see ... what can I do to impress Mr. skeptic mon ? ah , lookee there . you do not wash behind you ear , do ya ? Dave let out a loud , sarcastic , theatrical sigh as the man reach out to the side of Dave 's head , presumably to pull out a shiny quarter from behind he ear . dave a quarter . right ? Robert suddenly yank back he close fist and open it to reveal a long , wriggle black centipede . one of the girl squeal . Robert hold the wriggle thing up for everyone to see . the rastafarian pass he hand in front of the bug and in a blink , the centipede be gone . the girl gasp . Dave check he watch , feign boredom . dave ( cont 'd ) well , the bug 's a nice touch . ROBERT you wanna know where it go , mon ? dave no. but , you know , do not get I wrong . I be one entertained son of a bitch . ROBERT I get other talent , you know . dave yeah , but I bet all you really good trick be back at you apartment , right ? ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 22. dave ( cont 'd ) and you would be happy to show they to I , if only I be sixteen and female ? ROBERT do you dream , mon ? I interpret dream for beer . dave well , I do not have any beer so I guess I be outta luck . ROBERT I tell you what , mister skeptic mon . i’1l do it just like Daniel in the Old Testament . i’1l tell you the last dream you have , then I x11 break down its meaning for you . but if I be right , you gotta buy I a beer . okay , mon ? dave sure . I mean , you have obviously be bless with supernatural gift . what better way to use they than to fish for free beer at party . ROBERT you have this one early this morning , in the middle of the thunderstorm . in the dream , you be back with you girl Tina ... dave v.o whoa , how have he know - ROBERT - and you come home , she 's there with a big honkin’ pile of dynamite and one of that big cartoon plunger detonator , ready to blow . you ask she what she 's doin 's and she say this , and shove down the handle and , boom ! you eye snap open . the explosion in you dream become the clap of thunder outside you window . so tell I , mon . be I close ? dave v.o. ho. lee. she. it . Robert smile . all eye on Dave , the naked shock on he face . dave ( hold up he hand ) okay , okay . you make a lucky guess , somebody probably tell you about - breakdown service - castina - partial draft 23. ROBERT you see , you gotta ask yourself , mon . you gotta be brave to ask the scary question . how do you mind , David , know the thunder be come ? dave what ? how have you know my ... you be full of - ROBERT the thunder come right as she hit the detonator in you dream . you mind start the dream thirty second before the thunderclap . how do it know the thunder would be come at that moment , to coincide with the explosion at the end ? we have all have that dream , mon . but how could you mind have know the thunder be come ? because time be a ocean , not a garden hose . Space be a puff of smoke , a wisp of cloud . you mind be a fly cornsnake , hover through the - this guy be get to Dave . he grit he tooth , turn and walk away . dave whatever . whatever . ROBERT want I to tell you where you daddy really be when you be in the hospital with that break leg ? Dave stop in he track , turn and lock eye with Robert . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) want I to tell you the name of you soulmate ? or how she ’1ll die ? Dave try to take a step back but he 's roote , almost dizzy . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) do you want to know when the first nuclear bomb will go off on american soil ? and which city ? Dave awkwardly mumble , make a dismissive motion and stumble away into the crowd . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) hey ! you owe I a beer , mon ! hey ! Dave look over he shoulder fearfully as he hurry away . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 22 24 . back on stage , John and he band bring they final song to a crash conclusion . the crowd hoot in appreciation . ext . muddy field - by van - night 22 a last piece of drum kit be load into a van . Dave walk up . JOHN Dave ! look ! can you believe how much sweat I have on this shirt ? dave that 's ... really ... somethin’ , John . JOHN we be all meeting at the one Ball . you comin’ ? dave no. but John , you know that one - hand girl , Amy ? JOHN she 's come with we . Robert tell she Fred Chu find she dog and he 's wait over at the one Ball . why do not you come with ? dave no . I gotta go to work in like seven hour . JOHN yeah , I too . but I gotta buy Robert a beer first . dave who ? JOHN uh , that rasta dude . John gesture toward a group of girl and guy and , sure enough , Robert be stand there laugh among they , rainbow beret and dreadlock . Amy , too . Dave look over just in time to make eye contact with the jamaican , who shout : ROBERT you owe I a beer , mon ! JOHN the man like he beer . hey , I hear there be somebody from a record company out there tonight . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 23 25 . dave I do not like the guy , John . there 's something not right about he . JOHN you like so few people , Dave . he 's cool . he bet I a beer he could guess my weight . get it on the first try . amazing stuff . so , you comin’ to the one Ball , or what ? Dave shake he head ' no 's while the group pile into the van and drive away . alone , Dave turn and walk over to where he bronco be park . at the bronco , Dave be surprised to find a yellow labrador dog sniff at he door . Dave look back to the van , but it 's go . he shrug , unlock the door and , without a invitation , the dog leap into the passenger seat . dave help yourself . Dave reach over and grab the dog 's tag which read : I be molly . please return I to Amy larking ( 413 ) 555-1201 . dave ( cont 'd ) okay , Molly . tomorrow you and I x11 go visit Amy . see if we can not get back in she good grace . Dave dig into he pocket for the car key . suddenly he let out a yelp of pain and yank he hand back out of he pocket . he look at he hand . close on the palm of Dave 's hand , etched into the skin , be the phrase , you owe I one Beer . Dave sit there , in the dark , stare at he hand in horror as Molly bark at he hand . he suddenly jerk open the door lean out and retch in the weed . Dave spit and open he eye ... see movement in the puddle . something long and black and wriggle . it 's the centipede !! CUT to black : int . dave 's live room - night 23 Dave be sprawle on he live room couch asleep in front of the tv . the tv switch on by itself - static and white noise . the strange face of the '' static man '' coalesc out of the static . it watch Dave . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 26 . Dave 's cell phone screech . he peel he eye open and find himself on he live room couch . the tv be on but fill only with static . Dave squint at he clock . Quarter after 2 a.m. dave huh , hello ? JOHN David ? it 's John . where be you ? Voice scratchy , breathe heavier than he should be . like a man just after a fist fight . dave I be home . where be I suppose to be ? Long pause . JOHN be this the first time I have call tonight ? Dave sit straight up , fully awake now . dave John ? what 's go on ? JOHN I can not get out of my apartment . dave what ? JOHN I be scared , Dave . I mean it . it can not be real . it can not . the way it move , the way it 's make ... this be not a product of any kind of evolution or anything . but it still manage to bite I . dave what ?!? JOHN can you come over ? dave I will be there in twelve minute . Dave hang up , pull on some clothes and as he exit the room almost kill himself trip over Molly the dog who be curl up in the doorway . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 24 25 27 . int . bronco drive - night 24 fat drop of rain slap the windshield . Molly be in the passenger seat . Dave 's cell phone ring . Close - on phone . John 's number pop up on the glow display . dave yeah , John . you okay ? JOHN Dave , I be sorry to wake you up . I get a problem and I need you to listen - dave John , I be on my way over . you call I five minute ago , remember ? JOHN what ? no , David . stay away . there 's somethin’ in here with I . I can not explain it . I do not think it 'il kill I , it seem to just want to keep I here . now , I need you to get out to the mall on highway 59 . find a cop there name - dave just calm down . you be not make sense . look , John , we have be friend since kindergarten , but this phone call be start to freak I out . I want you to sit down somewhere , try to chill out . nothin’ you be see be real . a pause . JOHN how do I know this be really you ? dave you will know in just a few minute . I be comin’ up on you block now . just chill , like I say . John ? nobody there . Dave accelerate , rain drum the windshield . ext . JOHN 's apartment front door - night 25 Dave pound on the door to John 's apartment . no answer . he pound again . he try the knob and realize the door have be unlock the whole time . it be dark inside . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 26 28 . dave John ? nothing . int . JOHN 's apartment - night 26 Dave try a tentative step into the apartment . dave John ? can you hear I ? I be go to call the-ooomfff !!! Dave be hammer by a fly body tackle and land hard on the carpet , pound the breath from he lung . JOHN ( scream ) it almost kill you ! John scream , inch from Dave 's face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be a idiot , you know that ? you be a idiot for come here . we be both gonna die now . you could have bring help but now we be both gonna die in this room . he sit up off Dave and in the darkness John 's head whip back and forth , as if search for a sniper . he put a finger up to Dave 's face . JOHN ( cont 'd ) shhhhhh . I do not see it . when I say ' go , 's we be goin’ to the other side of the room as fast as physically possible . you can clear it in three step , dive at the end . move like the devil himself be after you . ready ? dave John , listen to I . if you let I take you to the hospital , we will tell they you have be poison or something . JOHN ready , go ! John push to he foot , sprint across the room and fling himself over a overturn sofa next to the wall . he sail over it , smack into the wall behind it with a heavy thud . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 29 . Dave calmly stand , walk over and turn up the floor lamp . he see John fearfully peer from behind the overturn sofa . next to it be a arm chair , on the other side a capsize coffee table , a furniture fort . dave John ... John stand up , eye wide . he put he hand out to Dave , finger splay . JOHN ( low and dead serious ) Dave , do not move . dave what ? JOHN ( whisper ) I be begging you . I know you do not believe I . but when you turn around , you will . but do not scream . if you do , you be dead . now . very slowly , turn around . very slowly , as ask , Dave turn . nothing be there . he face John again , he expression tell he that he see nothing . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it move . there . John point to the corner , near the ceiling . very slowly , Dave turn and , craning he neck , follow John 's point finger to the spot on the wall he so desperately need Dave to see . still nothing . he turn back to John , and now reveal to we , float just above Dave 's head be ... a hideous creature that seem to be assemble from spare part . it have a barb tail like a scorpion , seven dangle leg , each end in a pink infantile hand . its lizard - like head have a bank of a dozen mismatch eye over a sharp , black beak . Dave do not see the creature . dave John , you can either come with I to the hospital , or I be call a ambulance . but what I be not go to do be - JOHN the door ! go! John hurdle the sofa , then run and throw himself through the open door . Dave sigh and look around John 's apartment . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 27 28 30 . the creature hover and watch as Dave find and pocket John 's key , then poke around some more and find he jacket on the floor . Dave grab for it , then yank he hand back in pain . something have jabbe he finger . Close on finger as a dot of blood well to the surface of the skin . Dave gingerly reach into the jacket 's front pocket , and pull out ... a cheap , plastic syringe . there be black residue inside , like use motor oil . Dave search the jacket 's pocket and find a fedex receipt . Close on receipt - destination Old mall Road , Hwy 59 . ext . john' apartment parking lot - night 27 Dave find John pace back and forth in the parking lot , rain pelting he , fist clench . he toss John he jacket . dave get in the car ! John open the bronco door and climb in . int . bronco in JOHN 's apartment parking lot - night 28 Dave duck into the car but do not start it . Molly be in the back seat . JOHN ( climb in ) just tell I you could see it . at least that . dave I do not see it . tell I what this be . Dave hold up the syringe . John rub he eye , a man exhaust . JOHN you do not wanna touch that . what time be it ? dave just past three in the morning . JOHN what day ? dave Friday night . I mean , Saturday morning . it feel like Friday night because I have barely sleep yet . and we get work today , remember ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft 31 . JOHN you should not have come here . dave you call I . you begge I . John lean back , close he eye and mumble . JOHN I do ? when ? dave tell I what this stuff be , John . they be gonna ask I . tell I before you fall asleep . JOHN I remember now . Calling you . it 's hard , everything 's run together . I call and call and call . like a shotgun , fire in every direction hope to hit somethin’ . I bet I call you twenty time . dave twice . you call I twice . John , answer my question . JOHN really ? you keep get weird on I . you know what I think ? I think you will be get call from I for the next eight or nine year . all from tonight . I could not help it , could not get orient . kept slip out of the time ... you have get a voice mail message three year from now that 's freaking hilarious . Dave carefully put the syringe into he pocket and start the car . John reach over , grab he wrist . John 's eye be open and alarmed . JOHN ( cont 'd ) wait . where be we gonna go ? where be we gonna be safe from this thing ? dave emergency room , John . I be not play this game with you . I do not know what else to do . you be on a bad trip , or whatever they call it . maybe you can just sleep shit like this off . I do not know because I be not a dope fiend or a doctor . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 29 30 32 . JOHN no . the hospital 's no good . we 'il go to you place , or somewhere . anywhere but here . someplace safe . ext . denny 's coffee shop - night 29 the yellow sign of the desert restaurant shine like a beacon in the black rainy night . int . denny' coffee shop - night 30 Dave sip a coffee as John smoke a cigarette and shoot furtive glance out the front window . dave well ? how be you doin 's ? any better ? JOHN Dave . I see thing ... his voice trail off , suck on he cigarette instead . dave okay . back up . you do not know the name of the drug ? JOHN Robert call it the '' soy sauce . '' but I be think now that be just a nickname and that it be not , you know , actual soy sauce . dave Robert ? oh , right . the Fake magical jamaican . what 's he last name ? JOHN marley . dave of course . Robert marley . and he give you the - Dave 's cell phone chirp . he ignore it . JOHN yes . he do . we be in the one Ball parking lot . pass around a joint and the jamaican guy pull out the sauce . '' it be openin 's door to other world , mon , '' he say . we make he do it first , see that he do not die . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft the phone the phone 33. JOHN ( cont 'd ) it seem to make he pretty happy and then Dave , well , the guy , I know it sound unbelievable , but the guy shrink himself , make himself three foot tall . we all laugh we ass off , then he be back to normal size again . dave and you still actually try that shit ? JOHN be you kid ? how could I not ? sing its electronic ditty again . dave do anybody else do it ? JOHN be you gonna get that ? dave John , you avoid my question one more time and I will come over this table and punch you right in the face . JOHN it 's not that easy , Dave . everything 's mix up , like if somebody make you watch ten movie at once and then quizzed you a year later on what happen in one of ‘em . that stuff .. Dave , I be remember thing that have not happen yet - I mean , that do not happen . even right now , all that stuff at the mall . do we go to the mall ? you and I ? chirp a third time . dave no , John . we have never be to the '' mall '' together . be you the only one who take this '' sauce ? '' JOHN I do not know , that 's what I be tryin' to say . we go to Robert 's trailer , but head and the guy do not come . I think they get nervous when they see a needle come out . now please , please , please get you phone or turn it off . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 34 . dave all right , all right . annoy , Dave pull out the phone , and answer it . dave ( cont 'd ) yeah . JOHN o.s. David ? it 's I . the voice be John 's . Dave 's eye go wide as he glance at John seat in front of he . dave be this a recording ? JOHN o.s. what ? no . I do not know if we have talk tonight , but we do not have much time . I think I call you and tell you to come here . if so , do not do it . if I have not call , then obviously you should still stay away regardless . dave who be this ? John , in the booth there with Dave , shoot he a look . JOHN o.s. it 's John . can you hear I ? dave ( voice tremble ) I can hear you and I can see you . you be sit right here next to I . JOHN o.s. well , just talk to I in person , then . oh , wait . do I look like I be injure in any way ? dave what ? JOHN o.s. sorry , I gotta go . say hello to I . click . he be go . Dave sit there , stunne , the phone still press to he ear . JOHN be that I ? that be I , be not it ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft 31 32 33 35 . Dave snap the phone shut and stare into he coffee . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Dave . I really be . for messin’ up you sleep cycle and for everything that 's about to happen , the people that be go to , uh , explode . Dave be already up , walk out . ext . highway - night 31 the bronco drive through the rain . int . bronco drive - night 32 Dave drive , anguish and piss . Molly be in the back seat and John be sprawle in the passenger seat . dave John ? you need to wake up . we gotta go to work . John ? John ? John ? I can see you breathe , so I know you be not dead . be you awake ? John ? Dave pull the car over , and grab John by the arm . int . bronco by side of road - night 33 John 's head loll over and Dave can see that John 's eye be wide open , stare blankly out the window . Dave put he hand on John 's chest , check he out . dave ( mutter ) still breathe ... Molly whimper , poke she head out of the back seat and nudge he . he grab Molly by the collar and see she tag again : '' I be Molly , I belong to Amy ... '' Dave reach under he own collar and pull out a ST . christopher medallion on a silver chain . Close - on the image of St. Christopher . Dave flip the medallion over and engrave in the silver surface it read : in deep ? call St. dom 's parish . any time . 492-555-5555 . dave ( cont 'd ) fuck it . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 36 . he flip open he cell and dial . the phone ring twice and a groggy voice answer : voice ( father shelnut ) St. dom 's . dave yeah , uh , I need a priest . father shelnut well , this be Father shelnut . what can I do for you ? dave um , hi . do you have any experience with , like , demon..ism ? demonology , I guess . like possession and haunting and all that ? father shelnut wellllll ... I can not say that I have personally deal with anything like that . look , people that say they have see thing or , say , hear voice in they head , well we usually refer they to a counselor or , you understand , a lot of time medication can - dave no , no , no . I be not crazy . Dave glance over at John , still catatonic . dave ( cont 'd ) other people have - father shelnut no , no , I do not mean to imply that . look , why do not you come talk to I . and even if you need to talk to a professional I get a brother - in - law who 's real good . Dave think it over for a moment , let out a anguish sigh and rub he temple with he free hand . dave what do you think it 's like , Father ? father shelnut what what 's like ? dave be crazy . mentally ill . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 37 . father shelnut well , they never know they be ill , do they ? you can not diagnose yourself with the same organ that have the disease , just like you can not see you own eyeball . so , I suppose you just feel regular and the rest of the world seem to go crazy around you . dave okay , but let 's just suppose I honestly , I mean , in reality , run into something from beyond the - ow !! Dave suddenly fling himself upright in the car seat , drop the phone . Dave shove he hand into he pocket , try to pull out the syringe but can not . his eye be water as he frantically tear the syringe free and out of he pants , turn out the white pocket with it . there be a dime - size hole in the white fabric , stained blood red . a drop of the black goo be now hang out of the end of the syringe . Molly bark at the soy sauce . dave v.o I will try to explain this without cursing , but the black shit from Planet X that come out from that motherfucker look like it have grow hair . Little fine , stiff hair . no , not hair . Fucking spine . like a fuck cactus . do I mention that the stuff be move ? twitch ? Dave open the window and consider toss the syringe . instead he pull a lighter from the console and hold the butane flame to the squirming blob . it burn , ( be that a scream ! ? ) curling up and around like a earthworm . the end of the syringe brown and melt . Dave hurl it out the window . Dave root around the car floor and find the phone . dave uh , be you still there ? hello ? father shelnut yes , son . just calm down , okay ? nothing you be see be real . Dave take a deep breath try to calm himself . reality begin to bend . ( Visual effect ) be time beginning to distort ?? dave v.o I could feel it . that strange , venomous warmth spread through my thigh . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 34 38 . dave look , I appreciate you time but I be really start to think there 's nothing you can - father shelnut Son , I be go to be honest with you . we both know you be fuck . dave uh , excuse I ? father shelnut you Mom write on the wall with she own shit . Big change be come to deadworld , my son . wave of maggot over ocean of rot . you will see it , David . you ’1ll see it with you own eye . do you understand ? Dave jerk the phone away from he ear , look at it like it might bite . he flip it shut . he take a deep breath , try to calm himself . he start up the car again and pull out onto the road . int . bronco drive - night 34 suddenly ... ... from the darkness behind Dave , a very cold and very bony hand reach up and close around he mouth . before Dave can react , something long and cold and wet and twitching slide across he neck and down he shirt . Dave crank the wheel and claw at the hand . the bronco skid across the road . the thing on he neck continue to writhe -- it 's the texture of a slug or a leech but with a long tail . Dave scream . the bronco blow through a intersection blink yellow light , he stomp on the brake and it go into a powerslide , the rear of the truck trading place with the front . voice ( roger NORTH ) no , no . keep drive , she will not bite if you keep drive . Dave stomp the brake and the car skid to a stop . he scream and grab at the monster on he chest . another hand reach around and snatch he wrist with a quick , clean move . voice ( roger NORTH ) ( cont 'd ) be calm . drive . just drive . she will leave you alone . if you drive . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 39 . Dave get he other hand into he pocket and claw free the pistol . the creature bite , Dave gasp and he limb stop in protest . a hand reach up from the back seat and very slowly take the Smith from he hand . voice ( roger NORTH ) ( cont 'd ) drive . just drive . the pain relent . Dave gasp and ease he foot onto the accelerator . he try to look down at the thing that have he , its tail stick out of the neck of he shirt . it have inch - long stalk all along its back , each end in what look like a SMALL black eye . several of the stalk tickle he chin as it worm its way around , the end of the creature rest over he shoulder , squirming gently back and forth on the leather of he jacket . dave ( shrill warble ) '' wanna you wanna aargh ? '' voice ( roger NORTH ) you be do fine . now tell I what you be do before I make myself know . dave j..j.. John , wake up ! John , still slump in the passenger seat , do not stir . Dave grimace and turn he attention back to the intruder in the back seat . dave ( cont 'd ) who - who the fuck be you ? roger NORTH my name be Roger North . dave congratulation . now who be you and what 's this fuck thing you - roger NORTH please answer my question . where be you go in such a hurry ? dave the emergency room . why ? what 's it to you ? what 's happen tonight ? Dave reach up and adjust the rearview mirror to see in the back seat . he see a man , thin , in he thirty , brown hair , buggy eye and a beak - like nose . he speak robotically , with difficulty . he be wear a white , furry woman 's hat , what look like a blue Wal - Mart vest with a little plastic toy sheriff' badge tack to the breast . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 40 . the man be hold Dave 's gun by the barrel , glance at it with detach curiosity . dave ( cont 'd ) you be ... you be not from around here , be you ? do you know I ? can you tell I that ? or where you be from or who send you ? roger NORTH I be from right here , so far as you know it . who send I mean very little . my interest be only in you and in you desperation not to answer my question . it be say out of genuine concern for you safety ... the very important role you must play . korrok be a powerful adversary . thing be in motion , Mr. Wong . the slug-creature on Dave 's chest begin pulsing gently , make gulp twitches . Dave very slowly and non - threateningly reach out and adjust the heat , then casually punch in the cigarette lighter . in the rearview mirror he see North , with a very grave expression , stare out the window as shadow and street light flicker across he face . roger NORTH ( cont ’d ) fascinating . dave what ? Dave glance down at the lighter . the slug on he chest slowly curl its tail around , come to rest along he neck and earlobe . roger NORTH they harvest insect here , do they not ? for they honey ? do the bee know they make the honey for you ? or do they work tirelessly because they think it be they own choice ? have you never notice that , after hearing a new word for the first time in you life , you will hear it again within twenty - four hour ? do you ever wonder why sometimes you will see a single shoe lie along the road ? a single tear roll down North 's cheek . the lighter click . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 35 41 . roger NORTH ( cont ’d ) I be at a loss . I have be watch you for some time , but there be great gap in my knowledge . you know , I observe a man who masturbate until he ble . do he want to do that ? and you , when you be alone you - Dave yank the lighter free , the coil orange with heat . Dave slam on the brake and rack the steering wheel . he jam the lighter onto the lump in he shirt where he estimate the creature 's head will be . the truck spin and tilt up on two tire for a sicken moment , just as the slug thing shriek and thrashes wildly inside he shirt . the truck fall back down on four wheel with a thud . int . bronco stop by road - night 35 a small yellow flame dance around a hole in Dave 's shirt . Dave grab around for the slug thing and wrestle it free . Dave hold up the creature and see its circle of tiny teeth , each curl and needle-sharp . a thin , straw - like appendage emerge from the center , about as long as a finger and whip around , fleck little droplet of blood . Dave open the driver 's side door and fling the flopping thing out into the middle of the street . Dave spin around in he seat and see North paw around the floorboard for the gun . Dave throw a wild punch at North 's face , miss . Dave grab the pistol off the floor , get the drop on he and jam the barrel under North 's chin . they sit like that for a long moment , both breathe out puff of steam . dave okay , okay . this thing I have get point at you , you know what it do ? roger NORTH I believe I have a idea , yes . dave and have you ever hear the old human say , ' I want to shoot you so bad , my dick 's hard ? 's roger NORTH I do not believe I - breakdown service - castina - partial draft 42. dave maybe you will hear it again in the next 24 hour if you do not try to fuck with I . shut up and do not move . Dave slowly take the gun off North and crawl out the side door and stand up into the wind . he turn and look around the empty street and see the squirming monster crawl to the sidewalk . Dave stalk over toward the creature , lift he boot and stomp on it . Dave grunt random curse under he breath as he pound the thing , again and again , hammer with he boot heel . the slug explode in a spray of brown and red . Dave keep stomping , fleck of blood spraying with each impact , until the monster be a wet , twisted stain . dave ( cont 'd ) '' thing be in motion , '' huh ? he kick the shred remain into a sewer grate nearby , then move back toward the truck . the back door of the truck be open now and as he approach he see that NORTH be gone . Dave get in , slam the door and reach for the key . voice David Wong ? startle , Dave practically jump out of he skin and spin to he leave to find a bald black guy in a suit stand at he driver side of the car . dave uh , yeah ... the man flash a badge . detective detective lawrence appleton . please step out of the car . you friend too . dave ( weakly ) he 's ... rest . detective get the fuck out of the car . 36 ext . vista of dave 's town - sunrise 36 the pre-dawn twilight fade as the bloody sun rise . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 37 43. int . police station interview room - day 37 Dave be alone in the '' interview '' room at the Police Station ; the one - way mirror be to he leave . in the reflection we see Dave slump in the chair , disorganize black hair , beard stubble . the police detective step in , lay a thick manila folder load with photo on the table . the detective sport a goatee and shave head . a white cop follow he . his white partner have a crew cut with a mustache . almost a G. Gordon liddy , a cookie-cutter cop from central casting . detective I want to thank you for come down , Mr. Wong . I bet it 's be quite a night for you . be a long night for I , too , as a matter of fact . dave okay . where 's John ? detective he 's fine . he 's talk to another officer just a few room from here . dave John be talk ? really ? detective do not worry , man . since you be both gonna tell the unvarnish truth , you do not gotta worry about you storey match , do you ? just tell I what you do last night . dave go to a party out by the lake . I come home just after midnight . I be asleep by two . detective you sure about that ? you sure you do not go over to the one Ball Inn down on Grand Avenue for a nightcap ? you buddy be all there . dave v.o well , Officer , I really only have the one friend ... dave no , I have work this morning . I go straight home . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 44 , the camera move in on Dave . dave v.o as I speak , a strange , jittery energy begin to rise up in I , radiating from the chest out . at that moment thing begin to clarify , to become simple . all of a sudden I be startle to find I could see the cop 's next question come before he speak it , word - for - word ... '' have you hear the name ... '' detective have you hear the name Nathan curry ? guy you age , parent own a body shop here in town ? dave no. dave v.o how about Shelby winder ? detective how about Shelby winder ? heavy girl , senior at East side High ? Ring a bell ? dave no. sorry . what happen ? the camera move into Dave 's darting , beady eye . dave v.o everything be obvious now , all the wall of the maze turn to glass . I immediately know two thing : this list of people have all be at the party last night and they be all now dead or head there . now how do you know that ? how do you know any of this ? Magic ? you know damn well why . that black shit John take make blood contact with you . now you be get high , partner . on the soy sauce . it 's get you . detective we do not know . that 's why I get four hour of overtime already today . at least nine people be at the one Ball at close time , twelve hour ago . Three of they be miss . you friend be here . the rest be dead . the detective pause for effect . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 45 . detective ( cont 'd ) you friend be the only know survivor of the '' one Ball nine '' and now do not take offense at this but he be not lookin’ too healthy right about now . do he say anything this morning ? the white cop across the room put he hand on he hip . the detective keep he gaze on Dave . dave John call I last night , talk crazy . paranoia , hallucination , the whole '' monster in he apartment '' bit . Said he could not remember how he get where he be , like that . detective do he say what he be on ? dave no. detective you know we can find out anyway , right ? we be not interested in book a bunch of you raver friend for poppin’ pill . to somebody like I , the dead body be what matter . and if somebody 's sellin’ poison , right now , as we talk - dave I would tell you if I know . so , what , that 's how everybody die ? overdose ? the detective say nothing and flip open the manila envelope . he fan out four photograph . one be a mug shot of a young black guy . dreadlock . the other be a collage of red . he point to the mugshot . detective what about that guy ? you know he ? dave he be there . whatever John be on , this guy give it to he . John tell I . detective that 's Bruce matthews . run a amateur unlicense pharmaceutical operation on the corner of 30th and lexington . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 38 46 . Dave nod toward the red photo . the first picture be just lump on the floor , on carpet , a wet , purplish black . it look like somebody have toss down a bucket of raw steak and chicken bone . the next picture be a close - up of one wall , deep red splatter over half the surface area , occasional bit of meat stick here and there . dave and that ? the detective point to the mug shot of the '' jamaican . '' detective before . he point to the red-drench picture . detective ( cont 'd ) after . Dave turn he eye away , suddenly sweat heavily as the detective stare he down . dave what could even do that to a person ? a bomb ? some kind of - detective nothing you know how to do , I be sure of that . maybe somethin’ not , uh , not within we bound of familiarity . what I need from you be - the door slam open and the detective 's word trail off as a heavy - set cop rush in and whisper in he ear . the detective 's eyebrow shoot up and the two of they quickly exit the room . outside the door we can hear a commotion , hurried shout and foot shuffle on floor tile . the detective storm back into the room , eye wide . detective ( cont 'd ) you friend be dead . we hear a sound ... click ! a voice recorder , click off . int . they china food ! restaurant - night 38 arnie grumble a apology , fish out a new battery and go about change it . Dave glance over at arnie 's discard notebook , notice that he have abandon he note-take just after the word '' Three - Arm Sally . '' breakdown service - castina - partial draft 47 . arnie «+- get you cell phone bill , do it list the call you get at denny 's ? dave what ? I be sorry . arnie the call you get from you friend at denny 's when you friend be sit there next to you without a phone . be that call on you cell phone bill ? dave not that kind of service plan . arnie scratch he head , knit a question with he eyebrow . arnie so the black stuff , this '' soy sauce , '' it 's a drug , right ? dave well , I 'il get to that . arnie and it make you smarter ? when you take it , it let you read mind and all that ? dave not really . it heighten you sense . I think . I do not know . when you be on it , it 's like overload , like if you hook you car radio up to one of that interplanetary SETI antennas . you get shit from all over the place , can see thing you should not be able to , but I do not think it would help you do you tax . arnie and you still get some of this stuff ? arnie glance furtively down at the silver cannister . dave I be get to that . arnie you be on it right now ? that 's how you do the thing with the , uh , with the coin and the dream and all that earlier ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft dave yeah . I take some today . it 's fade though . arnie so the effect do not last that long . dave the side effect do not last that long . the effect will last the rest of my life , I think . Close on Dave . dave v.o maybe longer . arnie scratch he forehead . arnie so , the kid that die , this be that rave overdose , right ? I remember all that a couple year ago , seein 's it in the news . they think they have get ahold of some taint ecstasy or somethin’ like that ? so you be the guy that -- dave -- something like that . arnie and if I contact this detective appleton , he will remember talk to you ? dave good luck find he . arnie scribbles some note , then pause . dave ( cont 'd ) so ? what do you think ? arnie I think you have probably get a book here , if you flesh it out a little . dave a book ?! meaning a work of fiction ? meaning it 's all bullshit ? arnie shrug . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 49 . arnie a story be a story . I be just a feature reporter , so the fact that you think it happen be my story . you know , I do not remember leave the house with any change in my pocket . you could have slip that coin to I . dave without you feel it ? and the thing with you dream ? come on , arnie . dave v.o gotta love the skeptic , mon . arnie I think you be try to be one of that mentalist , like that Dr. Albert marconi on tv . dave Dr. marconi may be theatrical ... but believe I , he 's not a act . arnie well I see marconi 's show in Vegas and you story seem to be a lot of the same kind of hocus pocus to I . and , you know , one time I see this other guy , a sleight - of - hand artist who , as part of he show , would call somebody out of the audience and steal the glass right off they face . no kid . he would send the poor sap back to they seat and they would be squinting around , tryin' to figure out why they could not see all of a sudden . arnie look Dave directly in the eye . arnie ( cont ’d ) there 's no magic , Mr. Wong . just know trick the other guy do not know about . I can make myself invisible just by standin’ behind ya . Dave stand up . dave come with I . I wanna show you somethin’ . arnie where be we go ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft 39 50 . dave just out to my truck . Dave get up and move to the door . they make they way out to Dave 's bronco in the parking lot . ext . they china food ! parking lot - night 39 Dave approach the rear and drop the tailgate , revealing a white sheet cover a large BOX the size of one of that plastic portable dog carrier . dave what 's the weirdest thing you have ever see , arnie ? arnie grin , look over the box . like a damn kid at Christmas . arnie well , one time I be down in my basement and there 's just a bare light bulb and out of the corner of my eye , you know , it sort of look like my shadow back there be movin’ without I . it be just for a second and like I say , it be just one of that trick of light you get out the corner of you eye . but I tell ya , I do not go back down there until it be broad daylight out . dave I need you to get in that mindset , arnie . we be out here , in public with light on and the whole world 's solid and line up real neat . but down in that basement , in the dark , alone , you believe in thing . Dark thing . I need you to open yourself up like that . okay ? ready ? arnie nod and Dave throw back the sheet . Long pause . dave ( cont 'd ) do you see it ? arnie no . or , you know , it 's a empty cage . dave turn you head , so you be look at I . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 51 . dave ( cont 'd ) you should see the box out the corner of you eye , just like the shadow in the basement . arnie okay . arnie 's grin be fade . he be lose patience fast . dave you ever go in the bathroom at night , arnie , and for a second , you glimpse something in the mirror other than you reflection ? arnie let 's go back inside , okay ? you story be more interesting . Dave grab arnie by the lapel of he coat and get in he face . dave you be go to die , arnie . some day , you will face that moment . and at that moment either you will face complete non-existence , or you will face something even stranger . arnie 's face stiffen as Dave 's word sink in . dave ( cont 'd ) on a actual day in the future , you will be in the unimaginable , arnie . it be physically impossible to avoid it . think about that , right now . set you mind on it . silence , for a few second . arnie nod a little , take a deep breath . arnie okay . dave now , without turn you head , look at the box . arnie do and instantly recoil , yelp , stumble and finally fall on he ass . arnie ( gasp ) | loos oh , shit ! shit !! what the shit be that ? sh-shit ! shit ! breakdown service - castina - partial draft 40 52 . Dave throw the sheet back over the box , close up the bronco . arnie scramble to he foot and quickly back up point at the bronco . arnie ( cont 'd ) how do you do that ? and what the fuck be that thing ? what the fuck ? dave there 's no name for it in this world . pretty freaky , be not it ? arnie you - you make I see something . something out of my own head . you freak I out so I would see something . dave no , it 's really there . I be surprised you see it so easy . you must have a open mind . most people do not see it that fast , unless they be stone or drunk . arnie keep step back , mutter . dave ( cont 'd ) I want to tell the rest of the story , arnie . I need to . I need to get it out . but you need to take it for what it be . the truth . be you ready to do that ? arnie look at Dave with uncertainty , then nod . arnie okay . until I figure it out for real , okay . dave eh , that will have to do . come on . arnie take a deep breath as Dave lead he back toward the restaurant . ( breakdown service - caste - partial draft ) dave ( cont 'd ) anyway , so the cop come in and tell I John be dead ... int . police station interview room - day 40 Dave be out of he chair and halfway to the door . dave '' wha-how ??! '' breakdown service - castina - partial draft 53. the cop stop he cold with a stiff - arm to the chest . detective now calm down . he go into a convulsion or somethin’ and he pulse stop but - now listen to I here - we get ambulance , they 'il be here in thirty second . we get vinny doin’ cpr on he . vinny 's a lifeguard in he off hour . that boy 's in the hand of people who know what they be doin’ . Dave knock the hand away from he chest . the white cop drop he arm and step toward they . the detective 's lip peel back slightly to reveal gritt tooth . detective ( cont 'd ) here 's what you be gonna do , son , you be gonna wait here . I will be back in five minute and you be gonna start tell I the truth . I be gonna get to the bottom of this case and if you obstruct I you will live the rest of you day wishing you have not . the detective turn and exit the room . Dave stand there , lose , listen to the confusion of shout and control panic outside . the siren of a ambulance can be hear . a tear roll down he cheek . Dave 's cell phone chirp . Dave look toward Officer liddy , now stand placidly in the middle of the room block he path to the door . he gesture toward he pocket as if to ask if he mind . the cop say nothing . Dave answer the phone . dave yeah . JOHN Dave ? this be John . dave what ?! do you get out ? JOHN yes and no . be you still at the police station ? dave yeah . we be both - JOHN have I die yet ? a long pause from Dave 's end . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 54 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Dave ? can you hear I ? dave um , yeah . i-everybody run out of the room . they say you have - JOHN no , there 's no time to explain all this . leave the police station , right now , during the commotion . they 'il have emt 's haul my body out , lot of people will be stand around , look . just walk out . do not run , that will attract attention . just calmly walk out , like you business be do there . nobody will stop you . trust I . also , be there any way you can steal my body ? no , probably not . never mind . we will have to work around that . okay , have you reach the sidewalk yet ? dave no , I be still stand in the room . I can not leave . Dave lower he voice to a whisper . dave ( cont 'd ) there 's a guy still in here with I , another cop . JOHN no , there 's not . check the mirror . Dave hang there in utter confusion for a few second , then look to he leave . in the mirror , Dave be stand there talk on he cell , completely alone . Dave look directly at the cop , then in the mirror , back to the cop . the cop suddenly move in he direction . dave I do not get it . JOHN he 's not real , Dave . not in the , uh , traditional sense . dave ( back up ) he 's come toward I . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 55 . JOHN just go . just walk out . you be gonna start see thing like this from time to time . it 's important that you not freak out . the cop be just one step away now . his mustache twitches , as if he be start to grin underneath it . dave so he , uh , can not hurt I ? JOHN oh , I be pretty sure he can . a hand dart out and clenches Dave 's face . the cop 's finger dig into Dave 's cheek , squeezing . he shove Dave back and slam he hard against the wall . Dave claw at the cop 's arm , then haul off and smack he across the nose with he cell phone . the cop keep he grip on Dave and jerk he in close . face - to -face , Dave notice the copus mustache twitches again as if this amuse he greatly . to Dave 's horror , the mustache keep twitching and then one end of it begin to curl up and peel off . finally the mustache detach completely , leave a patch of pink , shredd skin . the mustache thing flap its halve like bat wing - fly over and land right on Dave 's face . G. Gordon liddy 's mustache bite Dave above the right eyebrow ! Dave howl and slap at the thing with he leave hand , then , with all he strength , shove a knee into the detective 's gut just below the rib . the mustache bat flitter over to Dave 's ear and clamp down . Dave yelp and slap at it again . the cop still have hold of Dave by the neck so Dave lift he knee and put he boot on the guy 's neck . with all he strength Dave kick down and yank at the same time , when suddenly , to he amazement ... the cop 's arm tear off at the shoulder ! ! the cop have a six - inch bloody hole on one shoulder now . the detached arm , on its own , suddenly whip around Dave 's neck and coil around it like a python . no hint of bone in there now ! the arm make two muscular loop around until the rag stump hang under he chin like a meat scarf . Dave thrashes around , try to pry the thing off . the armsnake be all muscle , tense and wiry , slowly constrict off he windpipe . the mustache bat flit around Dave 's head , take sting little bite here and there . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 4l 42 56 . relentlessly , the cop stand up from the floor , reach for Dave with he remain arm . Dave open the door and fling himself out of the room - int . police station hallway - day 41 - and it be over ! the thick bundle of armsnake have vanish from Dave 's neck , as have the fly mustache ! Dave stand up shakily , see four guy hustling down the hall with a empty stretcher . Dave stick he finger in he mouth , it come out bloody . his cell phone be still in he hand but crack with a bust mouthpiece from its tour as a nose club . as people rush past he , Dave get it together and stroll back through the police station , finally walk right out the front door . ext . sidewalk - day 42 Dave walk , heart pound . a fat man in a shiny business suit stride by and time begin to distort as Dave look at he . dave v.o I realize that this man would die in just two week , a heart attack while try to knock he cat out of a tree with a broomstick . time still distort , Dave watch a 1998 tran - be gleam past in the street with two young men drive . dave v.o ( cont 'd ) I could tell from the posture of the driver that the car be steal and that its owner be dead . the fan belt would break in 26,931 mile . Dave rub he temple . dave man , I gotta focus on one thing at a time or my brain 's gonna melt and run out of my ear like strawberry jam . Dave take a deep breath and time come back to normal . he be startle as be cell phone ring . he put the break thing to he ear . breakdown service - castina - partial draft JOHN ( on phone ) Dave ? it 's I . where be you right now , Dave ? dave I be on the sidewalk outside the cop shop , walk . where be you ? Heaven ? JOHN when you hear a song on the radio , where be the song ? dave what ? what ? John ... JOHN just keep walk . go toward the park . do not freak out . be you freaking out ? dave I do not know . I can not believe this phone still work . JOHN the hot dog guy should be just ahead , maybe half a block . see he ? 57 . Dave walk a dozen step and see a cart with a yellow and orange umbrella hang over it . the hot dog guy be painfully thin , look about a hundred and sixty year old . dave okay . JOHN buy a bratwurst from he . Dave step up and busy a brat wrap in a hot dog bun with a sheet of wax paper for $ 3.15 . Dave continue walk along the sidewalk toward the park . dave okay . I have the bratwurst . JOHN put it up to you head . pause . dave I be go to have to ask you why , John . JOHN I have to show you something . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 58 . Dave shrug , glance around , and try to be as inconspicuous as possible , lay the sausage against he ear . JOHN Dave ? can you hear I ? John 's voice , come clear as day through the tube of seasoned meat . Dave glance down at the cell phone and get the point . the cell phone display be black , the glass busted out of it . a green circuit board be poke out of one side . dave all right , all right . I be hearing you through some kind of psychic vibration or whatever and not the phone . I get it . you could have just tell I that . JOHN I can not get you through the cell any more . you have to talk through the bratwurst from now on . sorry . Dave rub he eye , exhaust . JOHN ( cont 'd ) the only reason you can hear I be because you get some of the soy sauce into you system , from the syringe . but it 's not very much and it will not last long . dave what be that stuff , John ? the sauce ... it be alive . I swear it - JOHN listen . you gotta get over to Robert 's place . there be not any cop there now , but there will be . we have sort of a narrow window here . take a cab to wally 's and get you car , then go to shire Village on lathrop Avenue . it 's a trailer park , south of town . dave I do not have any cash . I have five buck and I just spend three of it on the bratwurst . JOHN that bratwurst cost three buck ? Holy crap . okay . give I a second . all right . check between the sausage and the bun . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 59 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you 'il find a hundred dollar bill fold up in there . Dave examine the bratwurst bun , find nothing . dave there 's no money in the bratwurst . just a piece of lettuce . JOHN oh , okay . do you have you ATM card ? CUT to : ext . shire village trailer park - day - later 43 Dave 's bronco pull into a run-down trailer park . int . bronco - day 44 Dave put the bratwurst to he head . dave John ? Dave be greet with a burst of static , but then John 's voice come in , fainter than before . JOHN Dave ? dave yeah . JOHN what , do you drive under a bridge just now ? dave no . we be at the trailer park . finally . which one be Robert 's ? static again . then : JOHN it 's wear off . do not talk , just listen . go inside and - static . JOHN ( cont 'd ) - and as long as you absolutely remember not to do that , you will be fine . good luck . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 45 45 a 60 . dave what ? John , I do not catch the - Dead . the voice be go , the static be go . up ahead one trailer stand out . yellow police tape all around it . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer — day 45 Dave be in the doorway as the trailer door swing open . he cautiously enter . the blood and gut have be clean up . the carpet be still discolor and the wall be forever stain a fade reddish -brown . there be a sofa and a chair pock with cigarette burn . Dave glance into the open kitchenette , then turn and walk to the other end . he reach the bedroom and push open the door . it 's dark and empty . all the window be cover with foil . against the wall be a television and what look like yard compost with something like twig stick out . Dave be startle to see the tv click on . onscreen - static ... and then a shot of the interior of the empty trailer . Dave look closely at it . suddenly a figure appear walk into the trailer live room . Dave look intently and suddenly realize the figure be himself !! Dave investigate the back of the tv , look for a tape or dvd player . he find the power cord but it 's just hang off the ground - the tv be not plugged in !! as Dave poke around the back of the tv , we can see the screen go to static and the bizarre image of the '' static man '' watch he appear ! oblivious , Dave notice that the back panel of the tv have be remove and a strip of what look like red seaweed lead out of it and into a large , dead fish . the gut of the fish have be slit open and bulg out of it be a pink , wet Mass . Close to it be a aquarium tank fill with a thick , yellowish substance and at the bottom be a wrinkle grayish Mass that could be a human brain or possibly a meatloaf . it be all connect , everything in the pile , by tendon and tissue . it 's some kind of meat machine ! on tv screen 45a as Dave look back at the tv screen the image be back to a shot of the live room again , only now onscreen Dave be ina conversation with another figure who suddenly draw a gun and shoot onscreen dave ! onscreen Dave slump to the ground . Dave be stunne watch this event unfold when suddenly ... thump . a faint sound , from the other end of the trailer . Dave step into the hall . nothing . thump . a heavy sound , violent . Dave move toward the kitchen . he look around the counter , floor and appliance . nothing . Dead silence . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 45 B 61 . Dave gently reach for a kitchen knife on the butcher 's block when - thump . the refrigerator . thump . no . the freezer section at the top . the little door up there rattles with the sound , like it be bump - thump . with one last thump , the freezer door fly open . a round , frosty lump the size of a coffee can tumble out of the freezer , fall to the floor , and roll to a stop in front of Dave . he suddenly bolt for the exit . as Dave reach for the front door knob he glance out the window and see ... Pov - out trailer window of trailer park 45 B ... a sedan park out there where none have be before . plain white , but too many antennas . cop car . somebody get out . the detective . Dave spin around , search for a back exit and see a slim door lead out of the kitchen . however , it mean step over the possess jar which be now sit on the linoleum , steaming faintly , rock back and forth . Dave can now see that the thing be a bundle of duct tape , something wrap in frosty layer after layer of the stuff . a look back outside . his cop friend be surveying the exterior of the trailer . Dave drop to the floor . pock ! a hollow snap sound , from the freezer jar . the thing hop a inch off the floor and so do Dave when he hear the sound . it do it again , jump higher . something try to punch its way out from inside - snap . ka-chunk . pock ! pock !! pock !!! there be a bulge now on the side of the container , strand of duct tape fiber pop out in the center . fear keep Dave 's ass velcroed to the carpet . the jar convulse , and ... foont ! the jar erupt , ejaculate , give birth in a cloud of stringy tape bit . a shotgun-hole blow out from the gut of the can and a little blur of a object zip out and bounce off the panele wall above Dave . this offspring fall to the carpet , bounce and land next to he shoe . a little shiny metal canister , the size of a pill bottle . not move or growl or glow . just sit . wait . Dave look at the little metal vial . Dave raise he foot to kick the vial away , then reconsider . dave v.o . you know what 's in there , right ? nope . no idea . you know Robert have a stash of the shit , and if he have a stash , he could not just cram it under he bed . that black shit move . it have a will , a attitude . it bite . and then I realize , all at once , what I have come here for . John lead I here , of course . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 45c 62. dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) when I be on the stuff , that little hit in my thigh , I could communicate with the dead , with John . when it wear off , I could not . my one chance to save John lay inside this bottle . it be decide , then . just like that . Dave pick up the bottle , it 's cold as a ice cube . he find a seam and twist the top half off . out tumble two tiny , cold pebble . perfect and black in he palm , like two coal - flavor tic-tacs . dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) and what be it you be do , exactly ? for all you know , this stuff ooze out of a crash meteorite . you have find it in the home of a dead man , after follow a trail of dead body to get here . so go ahead , put it right in you mouth , dipshit . Dave see the capsule sit innocently in the palm of he hand and then - sees they move , wriggle in he hand like a couple of fat , black maggot ! Dave fling they to the carpet . he stumble to he foot . on the carpet 45c - the thing twist , change , grow tiny little black limb . two flat appendage grow out of one of they , begin to twitch , move , flap . a blur now . wing . the thing make a terrible , insectile flutter sound against the carpet . then , the tic -— tac launch itself at Dave , a faint , dark streak . Dave do not realize he mouth be hang open until ... whap ! in a instant the thing have shot into he mouth ! Dave cough , hack , convulse and swallow ! Dave open he eye , look desperately for the other one . hard to spot on the dark carpet - there ! it buzze , it fly . so fast it vanish from sight . Dave clamp he lip shut , slap he hand over he mouth for good measure . the thing land on he leave cheek and Dave swat it with he free hand . he suppress a scream , bring he hand away from he face and find it bloody . dave v.o. oh son of a motherfuck the fucking soy sauce be digging a fucking hole into my fucking face ! Dave fall flat on the floor , thrashing and roll like a seizure . his face and shirt be wet and sticky with blood . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 63. dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) I will throw myself at the cop and beg he to take I to the emergency room , to pump my stomach , to bring in a exorcist , to call in the Air Force to nuke this whole town into radioactive dust and bury it under sixty foot of concrete . footstep can be hear , footstep just outside the door . cu Dave 's eye . dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) and then ... calm . almost Zen . that 's what come next , a complete , leveling inner cool ... that soy sauce feel . the doorknob begin to turn . dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) I want to run , to duck , to act . but the body be a slow , wet mechanism of muscle and bone that creepe even as my mind fly . and so , just like that , I step outside of it . ecu on Dave 's eye as time stop . the second hand on the wall clock stop ! dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) I have a full 1.78 second before the detective would step through the door . a supercomputer can do over a trillion mathematical equation in one second . to that machine , one second be a eternity . ok . think . Dave be pin to the floor . a massive rush sound be hear . be it the blood flow through he or ...? dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) you be stand on the thin , cool crust of a gigantic ball of molten rock hurtle through freeze space . you be in a situation that could threaten the nature of say existence on say molten ball , depend on which decision you make . but wait . Visual effect - Dave 's body , the entire trailer seem to be move at a impossible speed , as if a tornado be blow through . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 46 47 64 . dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) there be a shitload of subatomic particle in the universe , each set into outward motion at the moment of the Big bang . thus , whether or not you move you right arm now , or nod you head , or choose to eat fruity pebbles or cornflake next Thursday morning , be all decide at the moment the universe crash into existence seventeen billion year ago . thus it be physically impossible for you to deviate - I never finish this think , as I suddenly realize I be no longer in the trailer . ext . desert - day 46 Sun. Sand . the desert . Dave look around , see desert span from horizon to horizon . God 's sandbox . dave v.o. be I dead ? a chain link fence . Brown , dead grass . people around Dave , in ash -coat rag like refugee . Dave see a little girl approach . she be deform , filthy , a good chunk of she face miss . one eye . Dave look away and ... int . factory - night 47 White . and noise . mechanical sound , like be inside a car engine . Dave be now in a large building , very clean , and a man stand in front of he wear a blue uniform , watch a small computer screen near a assembly line of small cartridge . a massive red sign read '' no smoking or OPEN flame on the production floor '' with a cartoon explosion underneath it . Dave step forward toward the man . dave uh , hey . the guy stir , turn . his eye meet Dave 's . from the guy 's Pov we see that Dave be not there , just a phantasm . the man shrug and turn back to he monitor . Dave scan the large room full of people at various machine . none of they can see he . dave v.o. I be there , but I be not there . I look down and could not see my foot . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 48 65 . dave v.o. ( cont 'd ) you be out of you body , my friend , float in the breeze . you foot be still in the trailer . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer — day 48 and in a blink , Dave be back in the trailer , on the floor . he breathes a sigh of relief , as ... the cop step through the door and stop cold at the sight of Dave . Dave climb awkwardly to he foot with he hand on he bloody face . Dave notice the man hold two red plastic gasoline can . the detective set the gas can at he foot , light a cigarette and smoke in silence . dave so , I suppose you be wonder why I be here . he shake he head slightly . detective same as everybody . you be try to figure out what in the name of elvis be go on . everybody ' cept I . I , I do not even wanna know no more . I bet you be wonder what I be do with this here gas can . he study Dave 's bleed face , then reach into he pocket and hand he a handkerchief . Dave press it to he cheek . dave thank you . I , uh , fall . on a...drill . the detective pick up a gas can , unscrew the cap , and start splash the orange liquid around the live room . Dave watch , then take a tentative step toward the door . in a blur the detective whip he hand out of he jacket and suddenly there be a revolver aim right at Dave 's face . detective you leavin 's already ? Dave put he hand up in surrender and the detective nod down toward the other gas can . detective ( cont 'd ) help I . dave I will be glad to . but first I want you to tell I what happen to my friend John . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 48a 49 50 66 . detective well , you know he 's go , right ? dave meaning ? detective just go . Dave very slowly pick up the gas can and remove the cap . the detective put he gun away . Dave soak the couch . detective ( cont 'd ) you know a kid name Justin White , Mr. Wong ? High school kid ? dave you ask I that back at the police station . I remember now . the limp bizkit kid - talk like he 's some kind of junior gangster . he 's one of the miss , right ? detective he 's the guy who call in the - the whatever happen here about four in the morning . reality peel away 48a close on - Dave - ( Visual effect ) as he can see reality peel away to reveal what 's in the cop 's mind ... ext . ROBERT marley 's trailer - previous night 49 the detective exit he car and see young people run away , peel out in they car . the detective approach the open trailer door . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer - previous night 50 he move into the doorway and see the bloody mess and the pink pile of what 's leave of the rastafarian drug Dealer . wailing on the floor , on he hand and knee , be Justin White . detective v.o . I think he be stab in the gut or somethin’ but I look closer and there be something on he . all over Justin , he arm and he face . Justin appear to be cover in thick white hair , all over he , like little twisted bit of fishing line . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 51 52 53 67 . Justin be scream in agony . Justin 's get he hand on the floor and the hair be crawl up he finger and wrist and up under he sleeve . detective v.o. ( cont ’d ) and this stuff , whatever it be , it 's movin’ , it 's alive . on one side of the room I get a guy spray all over the wall like he step on a land mine and then there 's this . I notice real fast that this swarm be ooze out from the pile of dead guy next to we . the detective turn and bolt out of the trailer . ext . trailer - cop car - previous night 51 the detective run out to he car and frantically grab a can of pepper spray and then race back toward the trailer . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer - previous night 52 the detective sprint through the front door and stop in he track . Justin be stand there , perfectly fine - no sign of any infestation . he 's check he hair in the mirror . justin what up 5 - 0 ? detective v.o. just like that . he 's stand there , no sign of this thing nowhere , the bug or whatever . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer - back to present - night 53 back to present - Dave stare at the detective . dave but you be still gonna burn this place down ? detective that 's right . dave and you be not gonna let I go . the detective be silent for a moment . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 68. detective so , you understand my mood . you understand why I be out committin’ felony today . there be dark thing happenin 's and I get the real lonely feel like I be the only one who know , the only one who can do anything about it . the detective move toward the door , block Dave 's exit . he set the gas can down , almost empty now , and gesture to it . detective ( cont 'd ) pick it up , and toss it out the door , in the yard . Dave hesitates and the detective put he gun on he again . Dave do as he be ask . the detective pull out he lighter and flip the igniter . stand there , a little yellow flame flicker in he hand , he say ... detective ( cont 'd ) you know , everybody 's get a ghost story , a ufo or a bigfoot story . the detective gaze into the lighter flame as he speak , as if mesmerize . with a soft double - click he thumb pull back the hammer of the gun . detective ( cont 'd ) now what I think , be that stuff be both real and not real at the same time . I be not no Star Trek fan and I do not know about other dimension and all that . but I be a old school Catholic and I do believe in Hell . I believe it be not just rapist and murderer down there ; I believe its demon and worm and vile thing , the grease trap of the universe . and the more I think of it , the more I think it 's not some place ' down there 's at all , that it 's here , all around we . we just do not perceive it . just like how the country music radio station be out there , in the air , even if you be not tune to it . but I think somehow , through some chemistry or magic or some voodoo , that jamaican s.o.b. tune into it , into Hell itself . with that , he open the door . he become the door . Dave nod , open he mouth , then close it again . detective ( cont 'd ) and I , I intend to close it . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 54 55 56 69 . the detective raise he gun , take point blank aim at Dave and shoot . visual effect - ecu - slow motion - the bullet exit the barrel of the gun . ecu - Dave 's eye - as the bullet travel toward he at 620 foot per second , Dave step out of time and can see ... int . factory - night 54 --- a shot of a production line as thousand of .38 cartridge be fabricate . the camera pan by a sign which read : worthington munition . we focus on a single cartridge as it move down the fabrication line . it pass the massive red sign we see before which read '' no smoking or OPEN flame on the production floor '' with a cartoon explosion underneath it . 4 suddenly , we see the same man in the same blue uniform at the same factory from earlier . as previously , Dave call to the man . dave v.o . uh , hey . as the man turn to look for '' phantom '' Dave ... we cartridge pass into the machine that add its pinch of gunpowder , and a housefly crawl into the case a split - second before the lead bullet be ram into it . --- the now - defective bullet be drop into a box , package and seal . int . police station room - day 55 --- at the Police Station the detective open the new ammo box and slide the defective shell into he revolver , slap the cylinder shut . int . ROBERT marley 's trailer — day 56 we cut back to the slow motion bullet as it streak across the room and punch hard into Dave 's sternum . still in slow motion , the impact knock Dave backward - but the defective bullet , unable to penetrate he sternum , ricochet off the bone , bounce off the wall and tumble to the floor by Dave . Black . and then a flumph sound , like a light gas grill . Dave 's eye blink open . how much time have pass ? Dave feel a wet bloody patch right in the middle of he shirt , wince with the pain . Dave cough and roll over on he side . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 57 58 70 . he finger the hole in be shirt and realize there be no hole in he sternum . Dave raise he head and see the couch be a bonfire , the entire live room in flame . Dave look over and see the tv . the '' static man '' peer out of the tube , watch he . Dave bolt , crawl on hand and knee . the smoke be fill up the room fast . he scramble down the hall . the place be like a oven , a blast furnace . he crawl into the kitchen , look back and see the fire racing toward he . he lower he head to the linoleum , a few inch of fresh air down there . a low sound . wailing ? from outside . get louder . a car come . a dog bark . get back . get back ! who say that ? a thunderous , terrible sound . Glass shatter , metal scream , wood snap . the kitchen explode around he . Dave be flung backward and find himself look at the grill of a car , he car , Ford bronco symbol inch from he face . the car reverse itself and wrench free of the wreckage that have be the kitchen wall . there be now a rupture , fray with tuft of insulation and shred aluminum siding . Dave fling himself out of the hole , fall onto the cool grass outside . ext . ROBERT marley 's trailer - day 57 Dave cough and start to pass out , the trailer a roiling fireball behind he . Dave hear a dog bark . voice David ? you alive ? that voice again , from nowhere . Dave struggle to he foot , see he bronco sit about twenty foot away , and to he amazement , at the wheel be Molly the Dog !! Dave stare at this for a good moment . he stagger to he foot and stumble to the car , get in . int . dave 's bronco in trailer park - day 58 he shove the dog over and sit behind the wheel . Dave throw the car into gear and burn rubber out of there . he power out onto the highway , lose control , then veer over to the shoulder and stop behind some tree . Dave collect himself , check he extremity for injury . dave okay , I know for a fact you do not drive my car just now , cause if you do , then I be officially certifiable . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 59 71 . Molly whimper and Dave pet she . she nuzzle he affectionately . somewhat delirious , Dave talk to Molly . dave ( cont 'd ) you know , if you and I could find you owner , we have score some real point . Girls love it when you return they lose pet to ‘em . Amy 's pretty cute and I think I be kind of into she . I be not even freak about she stump ... it 's sorta cool in a weird way . I remember the injury , when she lose she hand in junior high school . I never should have make that joke at the party . Dave start up the car again , drive . int . bronco drive - day 59 Molly suddenly bark . Dave look over at the dog and suddenly realize with mild , exhaust amusement that with a little attention he can understand Molly . dog woof ! meat ! Dave notice the bratwurst still on the dash . dog ( cont 'd ) woof ! woof ! meat ! tube meat ! Dave grab the bratwurst and set it on the seat next to she . she sniff it , bark . Dave turn and she big brown eye be look right into he . dog ( cont 'd ) woof ! David ! woof ! woof ! you understand I ? this be John . Dave decide to roll with it . dave uh ... hello . dog woof ! we be in big fuckin’ trouble , Dave . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 72. dave no shit , fluffy . how do you work the pedal ? dog woof ! you can hear I so I guess you take the soy sauce . why ? do not I tell you not to ? and what happen to you face ? dave you second question answer you first . so . what up , dog ? the dog stare at Dave for several second before replying , dog rrrrruff ! here 's what I know . there be two people still alive from last night other than I . Fred Chu and you girlfriend Amy - yeah I know you like she . but I do not know a whole lot else because my own body be not workin’ so well . I know we be all together , he 's get we , and we be on the move . I do know that once we get where we be goin’ , something bad be gonna happen . dave wait . you be with Amy ? and who 's get you ? dog arrr-oof ! Justin White , or the thing that use to be Justin . he steal a vehicle , some kind of truck . dave so that 's four still alive , include Justin . dog woof ! Justin White be not alive . he 's a walk ... hive or whatever . there 's nothin’ leave of Justin inside he . in a couple day , Justin will hatch just like the jamaican do . Visual effect of cloud of white fuzz swarm out of the explode jamaican 's corpse . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 60 73. dog ( cont 'd ) anybody in the vicinity when that happen will become a spawn pod thing . Dave , the last world this thing show up in be saturate within one hundred day . do not ask I how I know that , neither , because I do not know . dave I get another question . everybody who take the soy sauce be dead or comatose . except I . dog '' grr ... woof ! ruff ... '' you get a little taste of it before get a full dose , so you be probably able to adjust . but you should have figure out by now , Dave ... you do not choose the soy sauce . the soy sauce choose you . if it can not use you , it kill you . but from what I hear , it play with you first . meat ! meatmeatmeat ! Molly start wolfing the bratwurst off the seat . CUT to : int . dave ’'s apartment - night 60 Dave push through he front door , head for he bedroom . he find a old nylon duffel bag and toss a armload of clothes and stuff into it . he throw on a clean shirt , turn and move quickly back down the hall and stop cold . stand in the live room , block he path be Justin White . they eye meet and Justin smile . dave Justin ? Justin open he mouth and emit a rumbling SOUND , like something boil up from he lung . he close it again , gather himself and say brightly ... justin dude . I need ya to come roll with I , yo . know what I be sayin’ ? dave where uh , be we go , Justin ? Dave casually reach he hand back toward he waistband , where he gun be wait . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 74 . justin why you frontin’ here , bro ? you know what time it be . stop callin’ I Justin like nothin 's change , yo . dave what should I call you , homey ? justin just call I ' shitload . 's because there 's a shitload of we in here . now I know you strapped . but before you think about pullin’ that nine mill I think you better hear what I got to ... the leave side of Justin 's scalp disappear in a spray of pink brain matter . Justin be throw backwards , Dave 's finger squeezing the trigger as fast as it can twitch , gunshot shatter the air . burst of blood flick out from Justin 's chest and thigh and gut , shot landing and back he across the room . he stumble and fall against a wall , but never go down . the gun click dry , but Dave squeeze the trigger about twenty more time just to be sure . Justin rights himself , look down at he wound , sigh like a man who have drop he pie in he lap . justin ( cont 'd ) as I be sayin 's yo , you little nine be useless against - his word be cut off when the empty gun Dave hurl at he smack off he cheek , knock he backwards once more . justin ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch . cut that shit out . listen to I . as he speak , Dave look around for something else to throw , find nothing . dave okay . I be listen , shitload . justin we be takin 's a trip , dude . Dave can not take he eye off shitload 's gaping head wound . we can see movement there , a crawl white fuzz over the expose meat , like he innard be grow gray hair . dave uh , I do not think that 's gonna happen . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 61 75 . Justin move toward Dave . Dave can see now that the white hair be stitching up each of Justin 's wound . Dave throw a flail punch that miss by a foot . the justinmonster fire out a low punch , the impact explode in Dave 's groin . Dave double over and collapse to the carpet . Dave then quickly push himself back to he foot . Dave take another swing at he , miss - Justin punch Dave again . in the crotch . Dave fall backward , catch himself on a kitchen chair , then pick it up and swing it . Dave crack the chair over Justin 's shoulder . Justin shrug it off and in a blur throw three more rabbit punch that each land solidly on Dave 's ball . Dave go down and stay down . darkness , bark and footstep . Dave come to consciousness to find Molly 's wet nose in he face . int . Beer truck - night 61 a door clang shut , a latch click into place . Dave open he eye , to see stack cardboard box bear beer logo . sitting on one stack be a very pale and shaky Amy , scratch and dirty , wear the same outfit from the party . Molly be curl up on the floor beside she . sitting across a row of green Heineken case be Fred Chu . the engine start and they be jolted into motion . Dave raise he head and look around the dim cargo area . sitting in the corner , cross -legge and wear hospital pajamas , be John ! he stare intently at the wall , not blink . fred we hear the shot . be you the one who hurt he ? I see he head . dave I be aim for he heart but , yeah , I do get he . amy good . fred can he be kill ? dave look , I do not know - — fred I mean , you gotta understand what 's happenin’ here . the guy who attack you , he be not no man , okay ? he 's be invade by body snatcher . Dave shakily get to he foot . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 76 . dave yeah , I piece that together . where the hell be he take we ? Amy peek out a crack in the wall of the truck . amy we be on highway 59 - he say something about the old mall . fred Christ , the mall of the Dead ? why there ? Dave turn he attention to John . dave how long have John be like this ? I mean , do he ever say anything ? amy he mumble . but he have not move since he be bring in . Dave shuffles over to John . dave wake up . nothing . Dave nudge John with he foot . dave ( cont 'd ) wake up , asshole . look , you start this . now wake up . a soft voice come from behind Dave . amy hey . Dave turn and Amy 's eye meet he . he try to come up with something clever . dave uh , I find you dog . amy I know . thanks . Dave decide to '' man up '' and gently put he arm around Amy . dave listen , I 'il get we out of here . do not worry . John 's get a plan . shot of catatonic John . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 77 . amy be that before he fall into the coma , or after . or do I miss something ? dave well , uh .. Dave notice Molly nuzzling John 's freeze body and see John 's hand reach over to pet the dog . there be a jolt through John 's body , like a electrical shock . suddenly John be on he foot , confuse , look at he hand like he be surprised to have they . he spot Dave . JOHN Dave , where be we ? dave on we way to that abandon mall on highway 59 . JOHN yeah , that 's the place . man , I think I be a dog . and Amy , Dave 's really into you . I think he tell I , or he tell the dog . Dave punch John hard in the shoulder . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ow ! do you say we be go to the mall or that we be come back from it ? dave go . JOHN oh , yeah , that 's right , cause Fred 's alive . fred what !? JOHN oh , nuthin’ . nevermind . oh , have I get a headache . dave look , John , cut the shit . that thing up there in the cockpit be real , real as any of we -- and it can make we really dead . now do anyone understand what it want with we ? breakdown service - castina - partial draft 78. fred well , we be talk about that . Amy think he eat human flesh to survive . I believe he 's make a suit of human skin , use the best part from each of we . JOHN Holy crap . he will be gorgeous . Dave sigh , rub he forehead with both hand . dave nooooo . it 's none of that . look , you know the story of the trojan horse ? a few soldier get inside the enemy camp riding in this big horse statue ? well , that drug the jamaican be on , it let something through . Robert become the horse . and that thing , the white fly wormy thing , they come through . now they be in Justin and now he 's look to open the gate and let they buddy in . amy how do you possibly know that ? dave I piece it together through inductive reason and information relay to I by John whilst talk through the dog there . Amy nod , as if this answer be proper and expect . dave ( cont 'd ) John , how much alcohol do liquor have to have in it before it 's 1ll burn ? JOHN anything over eighty proof . that two box over there and that white box in the corner will make nice firebomb . Fred 's flannel shirt should make good wick . amy what have you get in mind ? JOHN when that jusin-th open this door , I say we set he bitch ass on fire . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 62 63 79 . later - half a dozen full molotov cocktail be line up near the rear door , each with a fuse of wet cloth jutting out . John finish the last one . JOHN ( cont 'd ) if I die , I want you to tell everybody I die in the coolest way possible . amy um , yeah , if I do not come back , there 's a loose floorboard under my bed . there 's a diary I need retrieve and burn so my mom do not find it . dave consider it do . John and Amy look to Fred . fred bring it on . I get no regret . John then look to Dave . JOHN Dave , you get any final request , in case this do not end well ? dave yeah . avenge my death . ext . mall of the dead - night 62 the truck pull through the entrance to the weed - choke parking lot surround the loom abandoned shopping mall . the place have be empty for a decade . trash be strewn everywhere , a couple rusted - out car hulk be there . window be board up on the deteriorate brick structure , as be the front door . int . Beer truck - night 63 as the truck pull up to a stop , John whisper ... JOHN okay , it 's go time . you be gonna have to throw the bottle hard , really rear back and wing the thing at he . they take position in a circle by the door , each hold a high - proof cocktail . John , with he lighter , light all the wick . the latch click and scrape . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 64 65 80 . the door slowly grind open . a band of pale moonlight appear at the floor as the door slide upward . surprisingly , Justin look mostly normal , skin pale under the moonlight , blonde hair rustling in the stiff breeze . only now both of he eyeballs be protruding about six inch from he skull . the pupil at the end of they new white and pink stalk twist horribly in they direction , stare at the foursome for a very long and terrible moment . they be so catch off guard by this image that it kill the momentum , all of they freeze , jaw hang open , expect the person next to they to make the first move . Amy break the paralysis by weakly toss a flame bottle at Justin / shitload . the Justin monster watch as it miss and bounce harmlessly to the ground , roll to a stop . the wick flicker and go out . shitload curl he twin optical skull - erection down and look at the sad bottle drain its content into the dirt . justin put that shit down , leave the dog and come with I , fool . they stand there a moment , then comply . Justin , seem to realize he eye be dangle from he skull , in a series of sicken , jerky neck movement , suck they back in . ext . mall of the dead entrance - night 64 Justin lead they across the dusty lot to the main mall entrance . one of the front door be ajar . propped next to the door be a fedex BOX which almost certainly be a delivery mistake . Justin push in through the door , indifferently kick the box inside as he pass . int . mall of the dead - night 65 Justin lead they through the dark concourse , board up and break out mall shop on either side . the floor be a mess of trash and pool of water from the collapse ceiling above . Justin turn and stop at a blank wall . John catch Dave 's eye and , as they both stare hard at the wall , they can see a illusory image of a large decorative doorway . JOHN ( to Amy ) you see that door ? amy I see a wall . no door . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 81. JOHN ( nod to Dave ) I feel like we should look for a save point . Justin grab Amy by the collar . justin yo , she will be allow to walk up outta here if you all cooperate . I need she to open the ghost door . you know , she give I a feel I enjoy in my pants . but if you give I static or try to play the motherfuckin’ fool , when she 's do what I need , you 's 1ll watch as I melt she body from the foot up . bit at a time , first the skin , then muscle , then bone , joint by joint , over the next twelve hour . you feel I , dude ? fred yeah , but what happen to we ? I mean , either way ? justin that 's a stupid-ass question . the same thing happen to all you people , regardless of what you do . now sit you white ass down . one by one they sit , form a circle . justin ( cont 'd ) this world be shit , yo . how do you people be gettin’ around in this , all in this body and shit ? you act all scared that I be gonna kill ya , when it 's the best thing I could do for you , yo . deadworld , man , it 's alternate layer of rot and shit and shit like that . dave deadworld ? be that where you be from ? justin no , dude . that 's where you be from . it 's where we be now . this place , it 's a horror show . if the guy next to you decide to knock you out of this world forever , he can do it with just a piece of metal or , hell , even he bare hand . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 82. justin ( cont 'd ) you blob , you sit there , chillin’ in this room and I can smell the rot of dead animal soaking in the acid of you gut . you suck the life from the innocent creature of this world just so you can clock another day . you be machine that run on the terror and pain and mutilation of other life . you 'il scrape the world clean of every green and live thing until starvation go 1 - 8 - 7 on every one of you sorry ass , you desperation to put off death leadin’ to the ultimate death of everybody and everything . dude , I can not believe you be not all paralyze by the pure , naked horror of this place . there 's silence as they all take this in . JOHN uh , thank you . John 's eye never move as he speak , and suddenly Dave can see a look there , a confidence . Dave follow he gaze , back toward the front door and see what John be see . Dave quickly look away again . suddenly there be a burst of movement , shuffle foot and shout . John make he move , on he foot , run and then diving . he skid on the floor and seize the white fedex box . shitload be on he fast , Bruce lee-fast . he deliver a kick to John 's gut that actually knock he back a couple of foot and wrench the box from he arm . shitload look baffle , move to throw the box aside but stop cold . he look at the label , then at John , then at Dave , then at the label again . justin what 's in here ? John say nothing . shitload stiffen he arm toward John in a ' Heil Hitler 's motion . this confuse they for a second - before a slit appear in Justin 's palm and something like a mouth pucker there . a thin stream of thick , yellow acid drip onto the floor , gather in a small , smoking puddle that quickly eat through the tile floor with a soft hiss . justin ( cont 'd ) tell I . Dave look at the label on the box . the package be address to '' Care of John , '' to this mall on highway 59 . dave flash back : see the receipt for this package back in John 's apartment . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 83. justin ( cont 'd ) tell I , or I all melt you face , yo . what be it , like , a bomb ? JOHN why do not you open it and we will both find out ? justin take it outside . JOHN okay . John bend over to pick it up . justin stop ! leave it where it be . JOHN okay . Justin tear open the box , root around inside with he hand and then pull out a sheet of wrinkle notebook paper . Justin examine the big ink pen letter which read : '' JOHN look outside by the trash can near the front door '' Justin turn to John . justin what 's out there ? a weapon ? you tryin' to gank I ? John do not answer . Justin toss aside the note and stride out the front door . through the door they can indeed see a trash can out there . Justin walk out to it , look down , kick around at the base of it with he foot . he stand there for a moment , hand on he hip , when suddenly a thunderous boom echoe through the mall - Justin be blow clear off he foot out onto the sidewalk . a mechanical ka-chunk of a pump shotgun be hear and a second shot sound , then a third . see through the doorway , a figure hurl a bucket of liquid onto Justin 's still move corpse . suddenly Justin 's body erupt in a ball of flame . from the darkness , in step the detective , load shell into a pistol - grip riot gun . he look right at Dave , training the gun on he . detective I guess there 's no gettin’ rid of you . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 66 84 . detective ( cont 'd ) ( point gun away ) there any more of ‘em ? dave no , I do not think so . detective come on . all of you . let 's get to my car . as they scramble to they foot , John lean over and pick up he fedex box . a pack of cigarettes and a lighter slide out into he hand . he pluck one cigarette out , light it . int . detective 's suv - night 66 thirty second later they be all pile into a suv . the detective and Dave in front , John , Amy and Fred be in the back . dave that thing you see take over justin-they be look for host , okay ? now there be a drug that the guy , the one who explode , be - detective stuff be black , right ? dave oh . you be , uh , familiar with it ? detective sound like you and I both get long storey to tell . so anybody that take this stuff be a potential host for that fly worm thing ? dave actually , I dunno . the detective rub he eye and jam the key into the ignition . detective I have be up 48 hour straight and this case be not gettin’ any clearer . the detective start up the car and accelerate through the desert mall parking lot . dave I too . adrenaline keep I goin 's . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 67 68 69 85 . detective yeah . that , and that loud , pierce voice in my head . dave what kind of - the cop 's eye explode . he shriek as two sprays of blood fleck over the windshield . Amy scream . John and Fred bellow '' oh , fuck , '' simultaneously . little white rod pour down the cop 's face , swirl around inside the suv . he let go of the steering wheel . Dave grab for it . ext . mall of the dead parking lot - night 67 the suv careen out of control , and with a shriek of tear metal , hit a mall parking lot ramp and flip through the AIR . in a hellacious crash the vehicle finally bang to a stop in the middle of the parking lot . silence . int . suv - upside down - night 68 Dave be hang upside down by he seat belt . he get he bearing and crane he neck over and see hunk of meat fly off what have be the detective in juicy rag pink and yellow layer . out from the meaty shred come rush mass of the tiny white demon rod thing , swirl around the interior of the truck like rice in a blender . the swarm make a sound that 's a kind of shrill electricity of madness , screech and howl . Dave be frantic , patting around for the clasp to the seat belt . the little white streak be buzzing around he face now , past he ear , skip over he skin . Glass shatter in the back seat as the other fight they way out . Dave run he hand over he forearm and a thousand of the rod scatter off into the air . suddenly , hand be grab Dave , pull at the seat belt . a hand come into view and with a flick there be suddenly a switchblade there , cut at the strap . John cut Dave free and drag he out of the wreckage . ext . mall of the dead parking lot - night 69 everybody be yell , panic at the sight of the cloud of white insect blow around Dave like pillow feather . the thing now settle on Dave 's arm again and be landing on he neck and face . Dave brushes the thing off , swat at they in the air . John come run from the direction of the park beer truck , carry one of they home - make molotov cocktail . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 69 a 86 . ext . mall of the dead parking lot - night 69 a he crack the bottle , seize Dave 's arm by the wrist , and douse he arm with it . John then produce he lighter , and before Dave can react , set Dave 's arm on fire . Dave howl and John force he down , roll he arm in the dust , patting out the flame . Dave sit up , try to focus he eye , try to get to he foot , fall back down on he ass . he see Amy on she knee in the dirt , bruise and batter . Molly be there , lick Amy 's face . Dave notice Fred , off by himself , thrashing around like he be on fire . the swarm have find he and the rush of the thing pour out of the wreck suv like a kick hornet 's nest . they be pour into Fred . he be cough , choke , the rod gush into he wide - open mouth . in second it be over and Fred collapse as if dead . John and Dave stare toward Fred in dull shock , a silence settling over the scene . only Amy move . she sprint toward the upend suv , root around in there and grab something . Fred twitches , then flop onto he back , then clumsily get to he foot . John and Dave flinch and scramble to they foot . Fred - if it be still Fred - look confuse for a moment , then brushes himself off . fred it 's okay , guy . I be okay . I be okay . Amy come back from the truck hold the detective 's riot shotgun and push it into Dave 's hand . fred ( cont 'd ) whoa , guy . guy , we be all shook up here . okay ? amy ( whisper ) that 's not Fred . not anymore . fred guy , look , I do not know what you think you see but I be still Fred in here . ask I anything , I be I . we be all in that car when the cop explode . any of we could be infect or whatever , but we gotta hang together . we be like , the good guy here . right ? Dave look down as if defer to the shotgun . Molly let out a low growl . Dave close he eye , let out a long breath and relax the gun . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 69 B 69c 87 . dave Fred , go out to the highway and flag down a car . ext . mall of the dead parking lot - night 69b relieved , Fred turn toward the highway . Dave wait for about five second , then step forward , jerk up the shotgun and blow Fred 's head off he shoulder . John sprint up toward Fred 's prone body , begin drag it . JOHN get he to the wreck ! this thing be start to come out of he ! Amy sprint to help he and together with Dave 's help they drag Fred 's body back to the wreckage of the suv and lay he against the rear door . a familiar fuzzy cloud be emerge from the rag stump that have be Fred Chu 's head . ext . mall of the dead parking lot - night 69c Dave look at it , stunne , until Amy rip the shotgun from he hand , turn and , one -hande , fire into the gas tank of the suv . Fred Chu 's corpse go up in a massive fireball of flame , send the three friend flopping to the ground . they all stumble to they foot , watch thousand of this little particle swarm out of Fred , burn like spark over a stir campfire . they back away from the fire , in the general direction of the mall . JOHN do you think that 's all of they ? the worm , whatever they be ? do you think we get all of ‘em ? because I get a feel that if just a few of they get away , hell , if just one of they get out and get into a body , they 'il multiply . Lay egg and do what they do . as they pass the beer truck , John jump onto the open tailgate . he grab he gear bag and begin rummage through it . John pull on a flannel shirt and a down vest . dave John , what be you do now ? JOHN I be not gonna stand by while some white fuzz from another dimension invade we world and infect every last man , woman and child . we be gonna go through that ghost door and clean house . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 70 88. he toss Dave a automatic pistol . dave what ? why ? JOHN Cause we be the only one who can . we be choose . by the soy sauce . you in ? Dave sigh . dave yeah . I guess so . John hold out a baseball bat from he duffle . the head of the bat be wrap with glue - on page from the bible . four large nail form spike on the end . Dave sling it over he shoulder . John pull on a welder 's face mask with a wick skull illustration on it , flip it up . he brandish a cool paintball rifle , jack in a AIR tank which compress with a soft whoosh . John display a stickfeed tube fill with paintballs . JOHN modify for spray or shoot . fill my ball with gasoline and holy water . Dealer 's choice . come on . John jump down from the truck and lead they toward the mall . int . mall of the dead - night 70 they move down the desolate dark corridor and arrive at the mysterious wall . the glimmer '' ghost door '' await they . John look at Amy and nod . JOHN ghost door . amy all I see be a wall . John dig into he bag and hand Amy a old pair of cardboard 3d glass . she put they on and the door become visible . amy ( cont 'd ) oh. cool . John reach for the ghost door knob and he hand pass right through it . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 89 . JOHN shit . it 's a ghost knob . with she good hand Amy reach for the door knob and , like John , she hand pass right through the ghost knob . dave do not make any sense . Justin , shitload , whatever he name be , say he need Amy to open it . a look of determination cross Amy 's face . amy I know why he want I . very deliberately , she loosen she prosthetic hand and drop it to the floor . Amy take a deep breath and then reach out with she stump toward the '' ghost knob . '' as she stump near the knob , a illusory phantom hand become visible . she flexe the phantom finger , grab hold of the knob and turn . with a rumble , a vertical slit form in the wall and then tear open , widen . the wall melt and peel back like a curtain until there be a door-size open before they . Beyond it be a tiny , round room the size of a elevator . John step through the door . Molly trot into the open doorway . Dave turn , put he hand on Amy 's shoulder . dave go. amy what ? no . dave John and I be the only one 's leave who know , the only one who can do anything about it . but you can get out of here . wait someplace safe . give we a hour . then if we be not back take my truck and - amy David , I can not even drive . Dave press he cell phone into she hand . dave then call a cab . I be dead serious . if we be not back in a hour . take the cab straight to the airport and fly away , anywhere . stay far away from this town and forget you ever know I . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft 71 72 90 . dave ( cont 'd ) we have go this far and you be still okay and I want to do this one good thing while I have get the chance . Amy blink back tear and give Dave a quick kiss on the cheek . a bit surprised , Dave step inside the round room . amy wait , what about my dog ?! instantly the wall fold close . int . round room elevator - night 71 suddenly Dave , John and Molly be throw to the ceiling as they room plummet downward . they both howl in terror . just as quickly , it come to a smooth stop and the door open . int . cylinder cavern - night 72 Dave , John and Molly move out into a large , dome cavern . in the center of the space be a large cylinder of black glass that disappear all the way up to the ceiling . they look around , but there appear to be no exit . from the darkness a figure step out . it be Roger North . Dave draw the pistol . roger NORTH I have a thousand question to ask but no time to ask they . dave ( to John ) this be the guy , the one with the slug in my truck last night . JOHN okay slug man . can you explain just what the fuck this place be ? Roger turn and look at the black cylinder . roger NORTH what do you think you be look at there ? JOHN you be gonna be look at my fist , and then Dave 's dick , if you do not - roger NORTH - take a moment and try to understand what you be see . imagine a garment , woven from a single thread . ( more ) breakdown service - castina - partial draft gl . roger NORTH ( cont 'd ) and imagine that same continue thread be use to weave another garment similar to the first . so you have a thread that be simultaneously part of two garment , but at some point the thread stop be part of one garment and become part of the other . John wave he hand impatiently . JOHN who give a shit ? North gesture toward the column . roger NORTH this be the thread . the key to end this , be through here . dave you want we to go through what exactly ? what 's in there ? Hell ? be that what happen , this thing open up and a bunch of you monstrous fucker come crawl in ? that 's why we have get so much weird shit in this town ? roger NORTH the open have always be here , you just need the drug to see it . this be the reason sentient life begin on you world . but no man have be able to travel back through this portal . dave ( scream ) then what the fuck be you talk about ? roger NORTH the only one who can travel back and forth be the shadow Men . the one who live but have be tear from they body through death . they be unrestricted by matter and as such , can exist in one dimension and then the next . the column you see here be a containment that be build , but not by man . it 's up to you two to pass through . dave you just say no one could - breakdown service - castina - partial draft roger NORTH there be a reason why you have draw so much interest , Mr. Wong . the other have devote more time and resource than you can imagine to develop a ability to pass from one side to the next with no success . but now we realize that you and John here apparently can . dave who 's '' we '' ? roger NORTH I have enlist a ally from you world . North turn away and from the darkness appear three figure . stride forward be Dr. Albert marconi and black - clad female assistant ! dave ( scoff ) you trust this guy ? he 's just a infomercial dude . JOHN do not be so hasty Dave . Dr. marconi bring a lot to the table . I have listen to he disc . the guy know he stuff . dr . marconi thank you , John . the source of we current manifestation be on the other side of this portal . the entity be call korrok . dave and what do this " korrok " look like ? dr . marconi no one in we current dimension can possibly know that . dave great . that 's specific . dr . marconi you will know he when you see he . believe I . he can not be destroy by conventional mean . but I do have a plan . 92 . shadowy he two marconi take a small backpack from he assistant and neatly slide out a small chrome cylinder . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 73 93. dr . marconi ( cont ’d ) they call it the '' tripper . '' dave and it come from where , exactly ? dr . marconi I have follower in the military . this be a experimental cold War weapon design to take down a city the size of Moscow . contain inside this detonator be a block of c-4 explosive , surround by a highly - potent , military - grade hallucinogenic . obviously , it be never use - but it should work . if you get the opportunity , detonate it ... like this . marconi demonstrate the detonate sequence of the device . dr . marconi ( cont ’d ) it may not kill this korrok . but it will certainly fuck up he shit . severely . John take the backpack . JOHN I like the concept , Doctor . Dave look to John , who nod with steely expression . dave Fine . how do we get in ? roger NORTH just decide that you want to , and you will . Dave step up to the cylinder , reach out a hand and touch the surface . it 's like cut black onyx . the column be as solid as stone , but then suddenly Dave see he finger push into it , like it be make of warm wax . his hand vanish up to the wrist and then elbow and then he disappear into blackness . ext . GREEN field - day 73 Dave fall into a beautiful field of tall grass . he gather he sense and climb to he foot to find himself in a immense expanse of sunny greenery with low grassy foothills in the distance . John , Molly and they gear bag tumble to a stop beside he . a distance below a crowd of people be move uphill toward they position . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 94 . there be a hundred , all wear hood , and otherwise naked , except for large cod-piece . Dave notice that they be hold up a large , colorful banner on a pole . John get to he foot and scan the hood nakedness . dave ( point to hill ) look . it 's the valley we town be build in , but there 's no town . JOHN ( ogling the bare body ) yeah , we be in a alternate universe . and this be '' eye Wide shut '' world . the crowd silently surround they . Molly sniff the air . from the crowd , a large man emerge , no hood , wear a suit , black with wide pinstripe , and a short , red tie . he spread he arm . largeman gentlemen . welcome . his face be human , but off . this be the face from Dave 's tv . the man wear some kind of latex mask with wig . largeman ( cont 'd ) come . the man gesture in a direction and the crowd clear a path for they . largeman lead the way through the naked crowd . Dave and John can now see the large banner clearly . it be a cartoonish painting of Dave , depict as a muscular warrior , Molly at he foot , tooth bare with the flesh of some slain enemy in she jaw . John be show bear a fistful of flame and with a enormously exaggerated crotch bulge . largeman ( cont ’d ) a select few interested party be allow to come and observe you arrival . we style of dress here be quite different , so we think remove the garment would lessen you discomfort . JOHN yes . it 's a nice touch . they be lead down the gauntlet of nudity to a grassy hill . they reach a door cut into the side of the hill , lead to a underground building . the door slide open and they be lead down a hall to a large , round cathedral - type chamber . breakdown service - castina - partial draft 95 . final sequence exclude at request of producer and director . breakdown service - castina - partial draft