he's just not that into you written by Abby kohn &amp ; Marc silverstein July 20 , 2007 ext . park - day we float down through a serene , leafy park to the child 's play area . there , in the sandbox , a beautiful five year old girl play among a group of kid . gigi ( v.o. ) I have a theory about how this all start ... a six year old boy approach . he watch the little girl for a moment as she gently shape she sand castle . and then - out of nowhere - the little boy push the little girl down . little girl why do you do that ? little boy because you smell like dog poo . some of the other kid snicker at this brilliant one - liner . we little girl 's face turn red . little boy ( cont 'd ) you be so stupid just like dog poo ! you be make of poo ! and then , just to punctuate , he jump on the sandcastle , smash it . finally , we little girl start to cry . int . kitchen - day we beautiful girl sit at a kitchen table with she mom . she can only get out one syllable between big , wet sob . little girl make . ( sob ) of. ( sob ) dog. ( sob ) poo. mom honey , do you know why that little boy do that thing ? and say that thing ? the little girl shake she head no . mom ( cont 'd ) because he like you . freeze frame on our little girl be face - try to process this . 1 7/20/7 2. gigi ( v.o. ) uh - excuse I -- but what - the - hell ? where do that rumor start ? because mom have be spread it for year . back to the scene - the mom continue ... mom that little boy be do that terrible thing because he have a crush on you . we see we little girl take this in , like she be just now beginning to understand the way of the world . gigi ( v.o. ) do you understand what this mean ? we be all encourage to believe that if a guy act like a total jerk -- that mean he like you . sure , that 's a lesson that might serve we as five year old , but many of we keep believe this advice well into adulthood . int . dorm room - night a cute college girl sit crying in front of she answering machine , as she roommate look on . gigi ( v.o. ) then , as we get older , we carry on this tradition of misread the signal man send by encourage we friend to do the same ... the machine evilly flash 0 in the new message window . roommate # 1 that phi delt so obviously like you . I be sure he just lose you number . int . high rise office - day a hot executive woman stand in the office hallway , watch a sexy male colleague walk by . he do not give she a second glance . her female secretary look on . secretary he 's not ask you out because he 's intimidate by you professional success and emotional maturity . 2 7/20/7 3. int . bar - night a bunch of twenty-somethings sip cocktail . one of they be crying - smear mascara , puffy eye , etc . cute twentysomething # 1 here 's the problem . he like you too much . you be too pretty and awesome . he can not handle it . int . burger king - day two female cashier work side by side . cashier # 1 trust I . it 's because he 's just get out of a serious relationship . int . gym - day two middle aged women work out on elliptical . middle aged woman # 1 trust I . it 's because he 's never have a serious relationship . int . japanese department store - day two hipster japanese girl make they way through a crowded Tokyo department store . tokyo girl # 1 ( subtitle ) shigeru 's inability to commit clearly stem from he failure to properly imprint on he mother during breast feed . ext . french polynesia - day a pretty young woman weave banana leave with a friend . friend ( subtitle ) I be sure he forget you hut number . or do not get enough approval from he father . or be eat by a giraffe . this last part seem to cheer up the pretty woman . gigi ( v.o. ) why do we say this stuff to each other ? why do we tell each other this lie ? ( more ) 3 7/20/7 4. gigi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be it possible that it 's because we be too scared , and it 's too hard , to say the one obvious truth that 's stare everyone in the face ? the screen goe black . and then the title fade up : he's just not that into you ... int . brewer be art - night gigi , pretty and approachable , sit in a booth at a hip mt. Vernon date spot with conor , cute but hold onto he frat boy root . they sip they near empty cocktail . gigi so , janine tell I you be a real estate agent . conor yeah . but do not worry - not one of the cheesy one who put he headshot on bus bench and grocery cart . gigi so just like on frisbee and notepad ? conor laugh . gigi smile -- she 's do well . conor you get it . gigi much classier . conor my thought exactly . gigi sip she drink , and look at conor . gigi I wonder why janine never think of introduce we before ? conor yeah , I do not know , I ummm - they waitress appear , cut he off . waitress you guy ready for another round ? conor look to gigi . 4 7/20/7 5 . conor you want one more ? gigi only if you do . but I mean , if you have to get go I totally ... gigi trail off . conor consider this for a long moment . we can see on gigi 's face that she know that the outcome of this date hang in the balance . it 's a eternity . conor umm. ok . sure . one more . gigi breathes a sigh of relief . conor ( cont 'd ) you have ketel and soda , right ? gigi nods and smile , clearly flatter that conor remember she order . she scoot a little closer to he . ext . brewer be art - night gigi and conor hug outside the restaurant . gigi well , conor , I have a really nice time . conor yeah . it be really nice meeting you . gigi b-bye . gigi wave flirtatiously and walk away , smile . she turn around to look , and see conor take he cell phone out of he pocket . gigi take her cell out of her purse and dial . gigi ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's I . he 's cute . I think it go well . she sneak another look over she shoulder to see conor . gigi ( cont 'd ) and I think he might I leave I a message at home as - we - speak . 5 7/20/7 6. we freeze frame on gigi , mid-step . then , the image slide over to find : conor - also in freeze frame . the image unfreeze and we continue with conor as he dial he cell phone . conor hey , it 's I ... I just want you to know that I be think about you . int . eddie' of roland park grocery - same anna , hot in a earthy sort of way , head down the aisle . she hold she cell phone in one hand - a bottle water and a bag of soy nut in the other . anna conor , that 's so nice . thank you . as Anna get to the checkout , there 's one person ahead of she . he look back to see she - he 's BEN , good look and supremely likeable . they share a smile . BEN do you want to go ahead ? anna hmm ? BEN go ahead ? you have only get two thing . anna ( into phone ) hold on . she look at what he 's get - a six pack of sierra nevada . anna ( cont 'd ) you have only get one thing . BEN well , technically it 's six . and I be still mull over a gum purchase . so ... he step aside to let she go . she smile . anna ( into phone ) hey , let I call you right back . 6 7/20/7 7. she hang up the phone and move past Ben , hand she thing to the emotionless cashier . as he ring they up - she look back at Ben - they share another look . she hand the cashier she ATM card - he swipe it . emotionless cashier oh my word . anna come on . seriously . I just deposit money today . there 's no way - emotionless cashier it 's not that . let I check something . he turn and rifle through a stack of papers , finally find what he be look for . emotionless cashier ( cont 'd ) congratulation . you win . anna what ? emotionless cashier we " sizzlin ' summer " promotion . you be we 1000th customer in June . the cashier reach under the register and pull out a igloo cooler and hand it to Anna . she beam . anna be you kid ? emotionless cashier do I have that kind of manner ? a joke manner ? Anna look to Ben . she look like she 's about to burst . anna I swear to god , this be the most exciting thing that 's ever happen to I . Ben can not tell if she 's kid . BEN really ? anna be that sad ? 7 7/20/7 8. BEN no , it 's - charming . congratulation . Anna smile wide , admire she cooler . then - anna wait , no . I can not accept this . you be here first . I do not win at all . BEN yes , you do . trust I - it 's fate . you be mean to have that cooler . Anna throw she arm around he and hug he . anna thank you so much . Ben can not help but laugh . int . national brewery loft - night conor enter he apartment . alex sit on the couch watch tv . alex hey . how be the date ? conor Fine . you know . conor head for the kitchen , and turn back . conor ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? alex my cable 's out . conor return from the kitchen with a beer . conor you do not hear the phone ring , do you ? alex nope . conor shit . Anna give I the " I will call you right back . " alex how long ago ? 8 7/20/7 9. conor 22 minute . Alex wince . alex sorry , dude . conor do I call back ? Alex shrug . conor ( cont 'd ) I know . I will call back and say that I be go to bed . alex at 9:30 pm ? genius . conor it be genius . because then I can say : " in case you be go to call I back - do not - ' cause I will be sleep . " alex sound foolproof . conor pull off he jacket and toss it next to a box - which contain about 50 frisbee . on each frisbee : a large picture of conor , with he phone number and the title : conor barry real estate agent conor dial he cell phone as he head back to he room . CUT to : close on : a cell phone . it read " conor calling " ext . eddie' of roland park - same we tilt up to find Anna and Ben . Anna look at she phone , press ignore and stashes it in she purse . anna sorry . what be I say ? BEN I think you be tell I how you do not want to be like you mom and wake up and realize you do not pursue you dream . 9 7/20/7 10 . Ben open he gum and offer Anna a piece . she take one and laugh , a bit embarrassed . anna be I ? Little intense for grocery store chatter . sorry . BEN it 's ok . I might even be able to help you out . there 's a guy at my firm who have exclusively music client . anna that would be - amazing . what be you - like my savior ? Anna dig through she purse to find a piece of paper . she write down she number , and hold it out to he . he look at it , contemplate . he do not take it . BEN ok . look . I be marry . I do not do this . anna do not do what ? help struggle singer ? BEN help hot pilates instruct singer who happen to be very charming . Anna take the slip of paper and put it away . anna do you want to give I you card ? that 's legit . I bet you be allow to do that . Ben consider this . BEN right. ok . I guess that would be ok . from inside a car parked at the store : we see Anna and Ben talk . they shake hand awkwardly and Ben head toward US . int . car - continuous Ben get in the car , bag in hand , and join neil , 40 , arty and kind look , who 's behind the wheel . 10 7/20/7 11 . neil so , who be that ? BEN a prospective client . neil yeah right . BEN I can talk to a woman Neil . it do not have to be like that . Neil look at he , smirk grow . BEN ( cont 'd ) just drive . Neil start the car and they pull away . int . westside loft - night Neil walk into a vast space . Nice art , a cozy yet architectural look - a cool place to live . neil hey , babe . you here ? we pan over to a couch - where beth be wrap in a throw blanket , watch tv . she 's get she hair in a messy bun . beth hey honey . he join she on the couch . and see that the tv be off . neil everything ok ? beth yeah . just get off the phone . Neil get up again . neil you want some tea or something ? beth it be my baby sister . she 's get marry . 11 7/20/7 12. neil that 's great . I have always like that Devon guy . that 's really great . Beth look at he . she do not look that happy . beth do you think it 's great ? neil yeah . beth so , you think it 's great that they be get marry , but you never feel like we be go against nature or something by not get marry ? neil no , babe . he sit back down , put he arm around she . neil ( cont 'd ) go against nature be like that cat who start nursing that monkey . we be just two people who be not marry . Beth manage a weak smile . beth right . neil I actually think the odd of have a successful relationship increase by not get marry . look at my parent - all marriage get they be thirty two year of misery and joint check . beth yeah , I know . I get that . neil like I have always tell you - I love you - and we do not need a marriage certificate to legitimize we relationship . beth yeah . neil lemme get you some tea . 12 7/20/7 13. he exit . Beth start to cry , but quickly dry she tear , and force herself to pull it together . ext . highlandtown house - morning a brick row house in a up and come neighborhood - clearly under massive renovation . int . highlandtown house - same we make we way through room with plastic cover the doorway - until we find janine step into the hallway . she check herself in a vintage mirror , straighten it a tad , then head down the stair to find gigi , on she cell phone . gigi slam it close . janine ok , so clearly he have not call . gigi shake she head . janine ( cont 'd ) maybe he 's away on business . gigi he sell real estate . in Baltimore . stay in town be he business . janine right . janine ponder this . janine ( cont 'd ) look , let I tell you - after the first time I go out with Ben , he do not call I for eleven day . eleven day . and now he 's like the world 's best husband . that happen all the time . gigi really ? janine yes , really . gigi manage a small smile . gigi this be all you fault . janine what ? why ? 13 7/20/7 14 . gigi you set I up with he . janine no - you ask if I know any guy and I give conor you number . that 's not a set up . when I do a set up - I weigh pro and con . I do my due diligence . all I know about conor be he sell we this house . gigi peer out the window . gigi he sell you a house in the ghetto . janine it 's a neighborhood " in transition . " gigi make a move for the phone , janine stop she . janine ( cont 'd ) seriously , stop . gigi he say he always hang at Red maple after work . maybe I should do a little drive - by ? janine please , do not . he will call . off gigi - panic seeping in . fade to chapter card : ... if he's not calling you amber , pretty if a little thick in the middle , sit in the courtyard of a office park in she work clothes . amber caller id be the worst thing that 's ever happen to I . total invasion of my personal freedom . when a guy do not call I , it be my right - my duty even - to call he and hang up several thousand time . or at least until he mother shout at I in albanian and blow a police whistle into the phone . I mean , call and hang up be a age old expression of love and frustration and too many wine cooler - and who be at&amp ; f'ing T to take that away from I ? ( more ) 14 7/20/7 15 . amber ( cont 'd ) next thing you know , someone be go to ban I from sit in my car in front of a guy 's house , blaring " where be you heart " by Kelly Clarkson until he new stupid girlfriend come outside and threaten to scratch my eye out with she acrylic . I mean , a girl deserve freedom of expression , right ? int . gym - day pilates class . we pan down the row of mat , student obediently do the mermaid . we finally land on gigi 's mat : gigi manage to twist herself into a passable mermaid - as she cell phone lie in full view on she mat . int . gigi be apartment - bathroom - night shower be on , curtain pull . a cell phone ring . a arm shoot out of the shower and grab it from the sink . gigi Mom , I gotta call you back . int . gigi be apartment - bedroom - night gigi lay in bed , she cell phone right next to she head . one eye pop OPEN , check the phone , and close again . int . mccormick spice corporate headquarters - day a typical , corporate style office . wall off cubicle for the junior exec , outer office for management . gigi be in she cubicle . janine , she friend and , we now learn , co-worker , sit on gigi 's desk . janine so , this be at the end of the date , or at the beginning ? gigi end . why - do it matter ? janine yeah . " Nice meeting you " at the beginning of the date be normal . " Nice meeting you " at the end could be a blow off . gigi maybe it be at the beginning . janine then that 's fine . he 's gonna call . 15 7/20/7 16 . gigi or maybe it be at the end . or maybe it be nice to meet I . janine wait - be it " nice meeting you " or " nice to meet you " ? gigi shit . I can not remember . janine " Nice to meet you " be ok . " Nice meeting you " be like " do you want you receipt in the bag ? " the girl look up to find beth stand there , listen . beth remember the day when you guy at least pretend to be work when I come in ? Beth head to she office . janine and gigi follow . beth ( cont 'd ) janine , how 's the press release ? janine , clearly organize , flip open she notebook : janine beckon the baking to begin ! mccormick , the flavor expert , introduce five fun fill flavor that will definitely delight dessert divas ! gigi stifles a laugh . beth maybe a shade heavy on the alliteration - but otherwise good . ( to gigi ) where be we with the company newsletter ? gigi I be so almost do with that . it 's just be a little hard to focus on my article about the two set of twin in market research , when the guy - who may or may not be the guy of my dream - refuse to call I . Beth look at gigi , more sympathetic friend than boss . 16 7/20/7 17 . beth look , after my first date with Neil , I call he . there be no rule anymore . why should you have to wait for he to get off he ass ? int . mccormick spice corporate headquarters - day gigi sit at she desk , janine stand by she side . she 's get a few sheet of paper on she desk . gigi take a deep breath , pick up the office phone and dial . janine give she a thumb up . gigi it 's ringing . janine pretty standard . gigi ( listen to receiver ) yes ! voicemail . janine you note . gigi nod - it 's all under control . gigi ( read off she paper ) hey , conor . it 's gigi . I just think , I have not hear from you and , I mean how stupid be it that a gal have get to wait for a guy 's call anyway , right ? gigi laugh , but as she look back to the note , she seem confuse . she turn to janine , panicked , mouth - " what do this say ? " . janine look - she 's no help . gigi ( cont 'd ) ( clearly ad-lib ) I mean , we be all equal , right ? more than equal -- more woman be accept into law school now than man , and we do better in that police simulation where you can mistakenly shoot innocent people - ( rifle through the page ) - I mean I do not know if you see that dateline - but woman practically have penise now , right ? ( look to janine , helpless ) well , call I . this be gigi . call I . 17 7/20/7 18. gigi hang up , unsure . she look to janine . janine do not worry . he 's totally gonna call . int . gigi be apartment - later gigi stare at the phone . then she feign disinterest in the phone . it still do not ring . finally , she pick up the receiver to listen for a dial tone . and panic . gigi what ? how can there be no dial tone ? she frantically jiggle the cord , then hear something . gigi ( cont 'd ) Mom ? be that you ? I can not talk now . I will call you back . she hang up , stare at the phone again . a look of determination cross she face . she dial . gigi ( cont 'd ) janine . it 's I . conor never call , so I be on the precipice of staging a casual run - in at Red maple . pick up if you want to stop I . ( beat , then really fast ) alright-i'm-interpreting-your-silence -as tacit-compliance - bye . gigi hurriedly hang up , and head out the door . int . red maple - night a crowded , sceney restaurant / bar - with a giant red japanese maple grow behind the bar ( thus the name ) . we follow a thin , black clad hostess as we wind through the throng of stylish twentysomethings at the bar to : int . red maple - kitchen - same a busy kitchen . off the kitchen a door lead to : int . red maple - office - same alex sit at a small , cluttere desk , rifling through some papers . then , from the doorway : kelli ann knock knock . 18 7/20/7 19 . Alex look up to see kelli ann - Red maple 's hot hostess , stand in the doorway . she make she way in . alex hey . kelli ann so. here we be . same shift again . alex I know . I make the schedule . kelli ann ( flirting ) I figure it be no coincidence . she lean against the desk . Alex keep work . kelli ann ( cont 'd ) I have fun the other night . alex yeah . it 's amazing where 10 shot of patron will get you . kelli Ann laugh , then think - wait , be that nice ? kelli ann anyway - I be think , maybe tonight after work ... we could , you know ... Alex stop what he 's do , look up at she . alex look , kelli Ann - what happen between we the other night be - fun . but we be way understaffed tonight - I even have to man the bar - and that 's why I schedule you . to work . so ... he go back to work . kelli Ann stand there , freeze . Alex can feel she eye on he . alex ( cont 'd ) be we good here ? kelli Ann 's face go flush . she try to hide it . she back up , put on a smile . kelli ann no . we be good . she leave . Alex exhales , go back to work . 19 7/20/7 20 . int . red maple - later in the back doorway lead to the alley , Alex stand chat with tyrone , 18 , a busboy , who smoke a cigarette he hold just outside the doorway . kelli Ann approach , try to squeeze through , and accidentally ( on purpose ) shoulder block alex . hard . he have to take a step to catch he balance . he turn around to see what happen , but kelli Ann keep walk eye front . he and tyrone share a look . tyrone dude . alex I know . tyrone laugh as Alex shake he head , not happy . int . red maple - hostess stand gigi enter slowly , look around , search for conor . she try to move toward the bar as she 's meet by kelli Ann , who grab a few menus and slap on a smile . kelli ann be you join we for dinner or - gigi I be meeting someone . a guy . kelli ann ugh . why ? gigi hmmmm ? kelli ann nothing . sorry . for dinner ? gigi continue to scan the place , not pay attention . gigi I be meeting someone . kelli ann I believe you mention that . gigi finish she visual tour of the room - no conor . 20 7/20/7 21 . gigi I be gonna wait at the bar . kelli ann that 's a great idea . gigi walk off . kelli Ann take she place behind the hostess stand . at the bar gigi grab a stool with a good view of the door . Alex , now behind the bar , approach . alex what can I get you ? gigi oh , that 's ok . I be meeting someone . Alex take she in . she 's clearly nervous . alex oh , yeah ? get a hot date ? gigi I do not know if you would call it hot -- I mean this guy conor and I have only be out the one time so -- alex wait - conor Barry ? gigi be bust . gigi oh , uhh , yeah -- alex conor 's not come in tonight . do he forget he be suppose to meet you ? gigi see when I say " meeting someone " I guess that be kind of a broad term , kind of a wide interpretation of the word " meeting " - alex because I could just call he -- Alex reach for the phone . 21 7/20/7 22. gigi no ! I mean , totally unnecessary . I mean , I actually be just - in the area - so I figure I would just swing by and see if he be around - because - uhhh --- Alex wait , look at gigi , amused . she be panic . gigi ( cont 'd ) I uhh , have to return he -- gigi frantically search she coat pocket - search for something , anything - and finally fish out a pen . she look at it - and decide to go with it . gigi ( cont 'd ) Pen . I have to return this - pen . he leave this . so , I think I should really return it before he - you know - ( conspiratorially to Alex ) -- freak out . Alex look at she skeptically . and then take the pen , and inspect it . alex Dr. frankel - adult , child and geriatric Dentistry . gigi look , I be not gonna judge about what may or may not be important to someone . alex that 's not even he dentist . gigi oh , really ? then who 's he dentist ? alex my dad . gigi look at Alex for a long moment , and finally fold . gigi I be gigi . conor and I go out last week . and I just ... I think if I run into he ... I do not know . I be gonna go . gigi struggle to get out quickly . Alex look at she - hold she pen , look quite frazzle - and soften . 22 7/20/7 23. alex hey . just - hang out for a second . lemme buy you a drink . gigi smile and sit back down . int . red maple - night it 's late . the bar be nearly empty . Alex be total receipt - and gigi be still nursing a drink . alex look , you seem like a cool girl , so I be just gonna be honest - conor be never go to call you . gigi oh really ? how do you know ? alex because I be a guy . it 's how we do it . gigi ( hopeful ) he say it be nice meeting I . alex I do not care if he say you be he favorite female since he mommy and joanie cunningham . over a week go by - and he do not call . gigi but maybe he call I and I do not get the message . or maybe he lose my number , or be out of town , or be hit by a cab , or he grandma die . alex or maybe he just do not call because he have no interest in see you again . gigi yeah but my friend terri once go out with this guy who never call and she totally write he off - then like a year later she run into he -- alex you friend terri 's a idiot . and she 's the exception . 23 7/20/7 24. gigi ok . but what if I be the exception ? alex you be not . you be the rule . and the rule be - if a guy do not call you , he do not want to call you . gigi really ? always ? alex yeah . always . I know what blow off a woman look like . I do it early and I do it often . trust I - if a guy be treat you like he do not give a shit - - he do not . no exception . gigi think this over . gigi why be you tell I all of this ? be not this man-secret - like why man need to watch televise golf ? Alex laugh . alex I do not know . you look like you could really use the help . gigi thank you . you have give I a lot to think about . gigi smile at he . int . mccormick spice corp . hq - day gigi come in - carry a messy handful of paper , with crazy hair and wear the last outfit we see she in . janine everything ok ? gigi I be up all night . janine please say you be work on the newsletter . 24 7/20/7 25 . gigi sure . it 's basically do . but this be important . janine what 's happen with you hair ? Beth come out of she office and look at gigi . beth please come in my office before the other see that you have mini muffin stick in you hair . int . mccormick spice corp . hq - beth' office - day gigi pace in front of Beth 's desk . gigi I think I figure it out . remember when I go out with that notary public ? and he cheat on I ? and then anastasia from upstairs tell we that story about how she boyfriend cheat on she at the beginning - but then he totally change and they be marry and crazy in love . beth I think that guy be a process server . gigi no , notary . anyway , the point be - anastasia be the exception . not the rule . we have to stop listen to this storey - because the rule be that most guy who cheat on you up front do not really care about you very much . beth okay ... gigi consult she crumpled piece of paper . gigi exhibit a : Chad , the drummer who live in he storage space . he only use I for ride , yet I continue to stalk he for most of 1998 . then there be Don , who break up with I every Friday so he could have he weekend free . I be so delusional about we relationship that I refer to he as my husband to random people like my dental hygenist . ( more ) 25 7/20/7 26. gigi ( cont 'd ) and all my friend would tell I storey about how thing might work out with this dipshit because they know someone who know someone who date a dipshit just like mine , and that girl end up get marry and live happily ever after . but that 's the exception . and we be not the exception - we be the rule . gigi sit down , spend . but Beth have be listen . beth ok . so let I see if I understand . what you be say be that when people tell I about some girl they know who date a guy for thirteen year , and then he finally marry she -- that 's the exception . and the rule be that guy - like Neil - who be with girl - like I - for seven year without get marry - be never get marry . Beth be serious . gigi freeze , try to backtrack . gigi no . no , no , no . that 's not what I be say . this have absolutely nothing to do with you . I be just talk , you know , about I . specifically . off Beth , know it 's about she , too . int . sassy nail - evening Anna and mary , beautiful but do not know it , sit in side by side pedicure chair . Anna hold a business card . anna it be impossible not to like this guy . I be pretty sure he be heavily flirt with I outside Eddie 's , and then he tell I he 's marry . you would think I would be piss , but I literally could not stop myself from like he . mary but he 's marry . anna I realize that . I keep try to force myself to picture he in some church say vow to some woman , and even that do not cool it off . what be my problem ? 26 7/20/7 27 . mary ok . there be this guy who work in my dad 's printing business . married for fifteen year to a nice lady . and then he meet this woman at some church event . and he tell my dad he just have never feel anything like it before . I mean , he have finally meet the love of he life . so , he divorced he wife , and he 's be with this other woman for 22 year and they be blissfully happy . I mean , what if you meet the love of you life - but you already marry someone else ? be you suppose to pass they by ? anna you be right . I be call he . Anna pull she foot out of the pedicure bath , go in a private corner , and dial she cell phone . anna ( cont 'd ) hey , Ben . this be Anna Marks . BEN ( o.s. ) hey , Anna . what 's up ? anna well , I be just take you up on you offer . you say you might know someone who could help I out and I think we could discuss it -- over coffee ? Anna wait for a response . on the other end she hear some rustling , some silence , definitely awkwardness . BEN ( o.s. ) look , I just ... I can not Anna . you seem great . it 's just - I do not know . I should go . take care . Anna take this in - stunned . she hang up . her eye sting . she can not face Mary so she just stare at weird , bleach out photo of nail and hold back the tear . finally , she look at she cell phone and dial again . int . national brewery loft - night conor open the door to find Anna stand there . conor I be so psyched that you call . 27 7/20/7 28. anna cool . conor I have sort of give up on you when you do not call I back the other night . anna well , you know . I be just think about you . conor busy it , and usher she inside . int . national brewery loft - night Anna be stretch out with a wine glass in hand , foot in conor 's lap . he rub she foot as they talk . anna you turn . conor ok . give I the category again . anna there be four . sexy , smart , funny or cute . and each person can only be two . like Sarah jessica parker be funny and sexy . or Bill Clinton be sexy and smart . conor I love that you be hot for Clinton . anna so , which be I ? conor what be I again ? anna smart and cute . conor smile , happy for any compliment . conor ok . you be sexy . very sexy . and cute . she bang he on the head with a pillow . anna no. cute and sexy be in the look column . no one want to be in all one column . 28 7/20/7 29 . conor well , I sound like a jackass if I say you be all four . but you be so obviously all four . especially sexy . anna you be the best . Anna sit up , and move to conor . she look at he , pull he in for a nice , long hug . anna ( cont 'd ) I better go . conor oh. ok . I mean , you could just stay here tonight . Anna give he a know look . conor ( cont 'd ) what ? it 's be a while . anna I know . it 's just - I be fry . be that alright ? conor sure . of course . Anna smile and get up . conor reluctantly follow she to the door . she kiss he on the lip , smile , and leave . int . westside loft - night Beth open the door to find neil , stand on the couch in he sock , hang a painting . neil hey babe , be this straight ? beth why be you hang that ? neil I tell you I would do it week ago . you do not like it there ? beth I love it there . but just - stop . 29 7/20/7 30 . neil it 's the image , be not it ? I do not see it before , but - you be right - it totally look like a sagging boob . Beth be silent . neil ( cont 'd ) you want I to take it down ? beth no . I want you stop do anything nice . neil be this a trick ? beth no . I need you to stop be nice to I - unless you be gonna marry I after . Neil laugh . beth ( cont 'd ) be that funny ? neil no . it be just - I be just -- beth see , you can not keep be nice to I and I can not keep pretend like this be something that it 's not . we have be together over seven year . you know I . you either want to marry I or you do not . neil or there be the possibility that I just do not really believe in the concept of - beth bullshit ! bullshit ! bullshit for every woman who 's be tell by some guy that he do not believe in marriage just to see he turn around eight month later and marry some twenty four year old girl he meet at the gym . bullshit . Beth try to hold back she tear . Neil look stunne . he hop down off the couch and go to she . neil honey , where be all this come from ? 30 7/20/7 31 . beth from the place that I have be hide from you for the last five year because I do not want to seem demand , or clingy or psycho or whatever . so I never ask . but now I be go to --- Neil look at she . she look at he . beth ( cont 'd ) be you ever go to marry I ? Beth look at Neil . there be a long , painful silence . beth ( cont 'd ) I can not do this anymore . she walk out of the room . fade to chapter card : ... if he's not marrying you amy sit with a sleep baby in she arm . amy I be with damon for six year . he ask I to marry he on the phone , because he 's just so different and cool like that . Said he would eventually get I a ring , which he do not , but he do buy himself a ring because be not that so hilarious and cool that the guy be wear the ring ? then , my favorite part be , I stay with he even after he take back he proposal , and introduce the idea of a " relation vacation . " be not that a cute name ? let I explain the concept : it involve dating a girl from the time she 's thirty two to the time she 's thirty nine , possibly robbing she of the ability to bear child , and then , after all that , want to take a year off . and give it a fun name that you can put on t-shirt . ( look at the baby , smile ) I leave he . int . highlandtown house - bedroom - day Ben , we marry guy from the grocery store , sit on the floor in a barely furnish room , and dial he cell . 31 7/20/7 32. BEN hey , Anna . this be ben. look , I know it 's be a little while since you call . I just - it take I by surprise . but I offer to help you with you career , and I do not see why I can not do that , right ? so , give I a call . maybe you can come by the office this week or something . okay , take care . bye . Ben hang up . and stare into space until the door open to reveal : janine . gigi 's co-worker . and Ben 's wife . janine hey , how -- Ben be clearly startled . BEN shit - you scared I . janine look at he . janine be everything ok ? BEN yeah . everything 's fine . why ? she sit down next to he , look at he intently . janine be you smoking again ? BEN no , sweetie . why ? janine well - you get jumpy when you smoke . Ben put he arm around janine , and pull she close . BEN I be not smoking . so , why do not we worry about what color we be gonna paint this room , instead of worry about thing that be not happen ? janine contentedly curl up to ben. janine I do not know - I be think maybe - pink ? 32 7/20/7 33. BEN pink ? seriously ? janine well , I mean , at some point . janine give Ben a know look . he get it . BEN you sure we be ready for this now ? janine no . but I mean , we could paint one room pink and one blue just in case . Ben look at she and laugh . BEN you have already create the perfect family in this house , and we do not even have drywall . janine I be sorry . I know I promise we would wait to talk about it - Ben look at she , snuggle against he . BEN I think we be almost ready to start talk about it . janine smile contentedly . janine I have always like the name gisele . Ben laugh . she let he . int . porter be - evening pack , Federal Hill happy hour bar scene . gigi and janine stand , squeeze in among the after work crowd . jarrad , early thirty , chat amiably with gigi . jarrad well , lady , I guess I have to get back to the office . gigi you go back to the office after happy hour ? what 's happy about that ? 33 7/20/7 34 . jarrad I meet you . janine and gigi melt . jarrad ( cont 'd ) so , I would love to call you sometime . do you have a card ? gigi of course . gigi hand he she card with lightning speed . jarrad and here 's my info . jarrad hand gigi he card as well . jarrad ( cont 'd ) look forward to hearing from you , gigi . he start to head over to he buddy . gigi be confuse . gigi so , wait -- how be we do this ? be you hearing from I or be I get a call ? jarrad turn back . jarrad what ? gigi you say you would love to call I , but then you say " look forward to hearing from you . " see how that 's kinda confusing ? jarrad look - we will talk . we will get in touch . he try to take off again . gigi ooopsie - you do it again . very vague . you know what ? why do not we just say that you will call I , and then we can skip all the nonsense . jarrad just give she a blank stare . 34 7/20/7 35 . gigi ( cont 'd ) or I guess I could just call you -- jarrad Goodbye , gigi . he take off . the girl watch he . gigi he be cute . janine please do not cyber-stalk he . gigi look at the name on the card - jarrad montrose - and then - tear he business card in two . janine ( cont 'd ) wait - what be you do ? gigi I be not call he . if he want to see I - he will call . janine wow , that guy Alex really make a impression on you . be he hot ? gigi no . he be just -- right . off gigi , sip she drink , full of optimism . int . baltimore blade - day the office of Baltimore 's gay weekly paper . the elevator open - and in walk Mary , cheerful as always . we follow she down the hall as she ad-lib hellos to she co-worker . one thing become glaringly clear - she be the only woman who work here . she get to she desk and be descend upon by - bruce , nathan , and joshua . all mid - 20' . all gay . bruce so ? Mary look at they , smile , enjoy they impatience . mary he ask I out . 35 7/20/7 36 . nathan oh my god ! he call ? mary well - joshua he email ? mary umm - bruce what ? do he travel by carriage and leave he call card with you lady in wait ? mary he myspace I . the guy all look skeptical . nathan ouch . joshua I do not know . my slutty sister say myspace be the new booty call . mary well , what be I suppose to do ? thing have change . people do not just meet organically anymore . if I want to make myself more attractive to the opposite sex , I do not go get a new haircut - I update my profile . that 's just how it be . the guy look at she , start to understand . Mary 's phone ring . mary ( cont 'd ) back to work . she smile at the guy - they disperse as she pick up . mary ( cont 'd ) ad sale - this be Mary . intercut with ext . light ST . - day conor sit on a bench , newspaper fold open on he lap . 36 7/20/7 37 . conor hey , it 's conor . Anna 's - uh - friend . or whatever . mary hey . so , do you see it ? conor I be not sure about this . mary you gotta trust I . it 's a burgeon market . you be gonna make a fortune . conor look at the paper . conor yeah . I hope so . but , like - do you have to put I on the page with the massage ad ? mary it be either that or on the page with the personal . I make a call . conor ok . you be right . hey , have you talk to Anna lately ? conor leave the paper and get up . he walk away , still on the phone , we stay with the newspaper and we push in . under various 1 inch ads for masseuse , s&amp ; m and leather type SERVICES - there be a half page ad under the title : the home for you lifestyle - conor barry - real estate under which be a picture of conor , stand in front of a brick tudor , a sold sign proudly display . in the background - two men look lovingly at they new home . int . potomac house - dine room - day paige , blonde and angelic , look on as LAURA , catherine , and Beth pull on match coral dress . catherine I do not understand how you get mom to sew all of this in two week . paige she want to do it . 37 7/20/7 38. LAURA Mom tell I she feel like a old Indonesian lady in a sweatshop . paige no , she do not . beth why again do you need to get marry so fast ? catherine you be so pregnant . paige I be not pregnant . catherine chug a beer , then . I want to see you chug a beer . paige we be in love , you asshole . that 's what people do when they be in love - they get marry . everyone freeze . and look at beth . Big silence . paige ( cont 'd ) bethie , you know I do not mean -- beth it 's ok . Neil and I be actually - do - anyway . this be clearly news . catherine why do not you tell we ? you should have tell we . LAURA you have to come over and have dinner with I and Steven and the kid tonight , ok ? you can even stay over if you want . catherine why would she want to hang out with we and we husband ? seriously , Beth , be not that exactly what you want to avoid right now ? but before Beth can even answer -- 38 7/20/7 39 . paige you know what - if be in the wedding be too painful - beth you guy , it 's cool . I be fine . so I lose a little time . Big deal . Beth grab she purse and start for the door . catherine so not a big deal . you be still really young . paige so young . LAURA everything you learn in that relationship be just gonna make the next one so much stronger . beth exactly . Beth exit , still wear a half - sewn bridesmay 's dress . LAURA she waste so much time . catherine I know he be never gonna propose . paige shit . the girl nod in agreement . int . law office - day Ben sit behind he desk , sifting through a pile of papers . we pan around to Anna sit across from he . BEN I know it 's here somewhere . I speak to George Lane in music , and he give I this whole list of reference for you . anna it 's cool . you can call I when you find it . 39 7/20/7 40 . BEN I swear I do not lure you here under false pretense . anna I know . but a girl can dream . he look up at she and smile . anna ( cont 'd ) you be obviously too good of a guy . they share a long look . anna ( cont 'd ) why be you marry , again ? Ben laugh . anna ( cont 'd ) seriously . why ? it will be good for I . tell I how you decide that you could not be without this other woman . BEN we would be together since college . she give I a ultimatum : we get marry or we break up . so , we get marry . anna seriously ? you just cave ? BEN it 's complicated . anna really ? BEN you be a dick if you date a girl for too long , and do not marry she . but you marry she , and then you be a asshole for marrying she before you be ready . shit - I do not know . he look at she . 40 7/20/7 41. BEN ( cont 'd ) you be really hot and I be obviously attract to you , but I guess the best I can do be eventually find this piece of paper , and call you , and hope I help in some small way with you career , and be happy about that . Anna take this in . int . highlandtown house - day janine walk in from work to she construction site home . she peek into the dining room , where she see she cherry wood dine table cover in a thick layer of dust . janine javier ! she wait for a response . nothing . she start to brush the dust off with she hand . janine ( cont 'd ) javier . I thought we talked about tarping the furniture . still nothing . so janine drop she work thing , and head out the side door of the house to a storage area . ext . storage area - day there be can of paint , bag of cement , some tarp . janine grab a tarp , when she see , on a window ledge , next to a fold chair - a aluminum foil ashtray . cigarette butt . a empty pack of american spirit . she stare at they for a moment , then head back inside . int . gigi be apartment - day close on : a torn business card , tape back together . the name on the card be jarrad montrose . gigi sit , stare at the card . she reach for the phone , and then think the better of it . and again . finally , she grab the receiver , pick it up , and dial . gigi hi , this be gigi . intercut with : int . red maple - office - day Alex sit in he office . he talk into he cell . 41 7/20/7 42. alex gigi ? gigi gigi Phillips . I have the - umm - dentist pen . alex right . gigi I be really sorry to bug you . I just - I think you have some really good insight the other night and -- I have a question . alex okay , maybe I need to be harsh -- conor be never go to be interested in you . gigi no , I know . this be about - ( she look at the card ) - jarrad . you have a sec ? alex okay ... gigi so I meet he at happy hour and he be completely charming -- alex lemme guess - he say the only thing happy about this hour be you . gigi he may have use some derivative of that . so , he say he 's go to call , but then give I he card and -- alex he 's not interested . gigi you do not even know if he call -- alex do he ? gigi no . but the thing be , I honestly think he 's expect my call . ( more ) 42 7/20/7 43. gigi ( cont 'd ) he say " look forward to hearing from you " and not " look forward to talk to you . " I mean , do you hear the connotation ? alex he. is. not. interested . tyrone appear in Alex 's doorway . tyrone Alex - this be jack . the hostess be give I shit for not wear a white shirt -- this shirt be white ! tyrone point to a very SMALL white insignia on a otherwise black shirt . Alex shut the door on he . tyrone ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this shit be white . alex if a guy give you he phone number , instead of take yours , he 's not interested . gigi he take mine first , but then he -- alex and , if a guy want to see you , he will see you . I once call 55 lauren Bell 's until I get the right one . gigi that 's cute . what happen ? alex as it turn out , she ass look really huge in daylight . gigi be it you sensitivity that make you so popular with woman ? alex do not call he . he do not like you . gigi again with the sensitivity . alex just try to help . 43 7/20/7 44 . gigi I know . thanks . gigi hang up , re-tear up jarrad 's card . ext . dundalk home - backyard - day close on : happy birthday mom write across a cake . as the candle be blow out , we widen to reveal : Anna and conor site at a cheap picnic table in a tiny backyard , across from maya - Anna 's mom . as Maya refill she glass from a bottle of wine , Anna grab a gift from she bag - hand it to she mom . maya oh sweetie - you do not have to get I anything . anna Mom - you always say that and I always get you something . Maya take a big sip of wine ( not she first ) as she tear open the gift , which be clearly a record album . maya you do not . anna it 's no big deal . conor what be it ? Maya show he the album - tim buckley' starsailor . conor ( cont 'd ) Tim Buckley . Nice . maya here - put on my favorite . Anna take the album and head through the screen door . maya ( cont 'd ) do Anna ever tell you I know Tim Buckley ? conor no . she do not . 44 7/20/7 45 . " song to the sire " play as Anna return to the table . maya we meet at a coffee shop in 1971 . Hell 's Kitchen . I have no idea who he be . but he have this big mop of hair and this eye that just look past you and through you and into you all at the same time . complete interest and disinterest . it be amazing . Maya pull out a cigarette and light it . maya ( cont 'd ) of course , I be with Anna 's father at the time , so , you know ... another opportunity miss . anna Mom , please - maya it 's the truth . I know they all . Robert Plant , Harry nilsson , Graham parson ... ( to conor ) have you see the picture of I from when I be Anna 's age ? conor umm - I do not think so - maya sweetie go get that picture - you know the one - Anna just look at she - pleadingly . maya ( cont 'd ) go. you mother 's ask you to do something for she on she birthday . Anna go inside . Maya look to conor , take a sip . maya ( cont 'd ) you will see - we look strikingly similar . my lip may be a bit fuller , but ... she lean back , put out she cigarette as Anna return with a picture . she hand it to conor . insert : maya , in she early twenty . Black and white - somewhere in New York . the resemblance to Anna be scary . 45 7/20/7 46 . conor wow . that 's - unbelievable . maya so that 's what we be deal with here , for reference . imagine meeting someone who look like that in a coffee shop . conor look down at the picture , then back up to Anna . conor that 's funny , because , I mean , I guess I kinda do . Anna and I meet at a restaurant . that serve coffee . so , not a coffee shop , but ... still - he look from Maya to Anna . Maya stand up . maya that 's sweet . but if we be compare storey - ( indicate with she glass ) she 's no I - and you be no Tim Buckley . with that , Maya head inside . maya ( cont 'd ) anyone need a refill ? Anna look to conor apologetically . he just smile . ext . anna's apartment build - night Anna and conor walk to the front door of she apartment . anna thanks again for come with I . you make it so much easier . conor be you kid ? I like you mom . she 's cool . anna yeah , well - cool 's not always what you be look for in a mom . conor smile , understanding . conor so , you want another -- foot rub ? he 's try . but it 's awkward . 46 7/20/7 47 . anna ugh . I be just beat . I wanna put on sweat and get in bed . conor I would be into that . Anna give he a smile , open she front door . anna I will call you tomorrow , ok ? she give he a kiss , and go inside . fade to chapter card :... if he / she' not sleeping with you trent , early 30 , talk to the camera as he drive he Ford explorer . he 's cute - but try a smidge too hard - - goatee , leather cord necklace he buy in Cancun , etc . trent if a girl be into you , she 's sleep with you . and if after a month - two month at the very outside - she 's not sleep with you , she do not like you . I guess the trick be , how to spot this girl early - so you do not waste the one to seven week wait to find out that it 's never gonna happen . so , I have get some sign about how to spot this girl - glean from my own experience , of course . a girl will never sleep with you if : she call you cuddly or dependable , she pop a zit in front of you , she name be amber or christine , she take a dump in you bathroom or she take home leftover in date 1 - 3 . I know it 's not scientific - but I be just say - you be warn . int . national brewery loft - night Alex knock and open the door in one motion . alex hey dude - you here ? conor ( o.s. ) yep . Alex head to the fridge , open it and look in . 47 7/20/7 48. alex wanna beer ? he pull two beer out , shut the fridge and turn to find conor stand there . he 's wear a really tight , shiny shirt and even tighter , very blue jeans . alex ( cont 'd ) or a apple martini ? conor funny . conor grab the beer and open it . alex need I ask ? conor it 's for work . I be try to expand my client base . alex by pretend you be gay ? conor no . by be more gay friendly . alex or , in real estate term , by become " gay adjacent " . conor Nice . I may have to use that . conor head back toward he room . conor ( cont 'd ) I be gonna try something else . this may be too much . alex I do not know . you dress like that - and you be already see a girl who will not sleep with you - I think maybe you can pull it off . conor ( o.s. ) it 's not that she will not sleep with I douchebag ... I have sleep with she . it 's just , you know , she ...um ... 48 7/20/7 49 . alex wo not sleep with you anymore . conor reappear , now wear a french connection type tight t-shirt and black jeans . conor pretty much , yeah . ( be : he new outfit ) so , what do you think ? Alex give he the once over . alex I think you be gonna have to beat them away with a stick - you hot , sexy man . conor roll he eye and head back into he room . Alex laugh to himself and take another sip of beer . int . fell point condo - night leather couch , frame oriole jersey - typical bachelor pad . gigi be make out with gregory , 30 . gigi who would have think that a random girl from pilates would fix I up with such a good kisser ? gregory back at you sister . gigi beam . they make out some more . gigi I can not wait to kiss you again . gregory umm . we be kissing right now . gigi I know . but next time . the second date kiss be way more intimate . as they start kissing again - gregory well , I be go out of town tomorrow - so I will be out of touch for a bit . Gregory start pull off gigi 's top . gigi pull away deftly . 49 7/20/7 50 . gigi would you excuse I a quick second ? too many diet coke ... gigi make a beeline down the hall . int . fell point condo - bathroom - night gigi dial she cell as she go through Gregory 's bathroom cabinet . intercut with : int . alex' apartment - night Alex be also mid-makeout on he leather couch with a hot woman . the phone ring . Alex grab it . alex yup . gigi hey , sorry to bug you again . Quick question . alex ( to he hot lady ) would you excuse I a second , babe ? Alex walk into the hallway . gigi I be make out with a guy - pg stuff - and then he mention he 's go out of town , so he 's gonna be out of touch . alex run . gigi but maybe he be go out of town . alex to where ? the arab emirate ? where be he go that he have to be out of touch ? gigi open the bathroom door and shout down the hall . gigi where be you go out of town to again ? gregory ( o.s. ) Pittsburgh . 50 7/20/7 51 . gigi Pittsburgh . alex run . gigi so , now what ? I be just suppose to run from every guy who do not like I ? alex uhh - yeah . gigi there 's not go to be anyone leave . Alex laugh . alex ok , I do not know why I be say this - but I actually think I know a nice guy who you might like . gigi yeah ? alex yeah . he 's a friend of my brother 's . Bill . we will all meet for a drink - it will be good . gigi smile . gigi so , I be in he bathroom right now . what do I now ? alex you gotta come out eventually . but I would really take my time . let he sweat . he hang up . gigi find some crest whitestrip and - with determination - decide to apply they . int . gym - evening Anna 's roll up mat , etc. as a sweaty Ben approach . BEN so , we run into each other . anna you come to my class . 51 7/20/7 52. BEN I do not know it be you class . anna you call and ask I . BEN but you do not call I back . anna because you say not to call back if it be my class . which it be . Ben recommit . BEN we run into each other . Anna laugh . anna totally . a couple of innocent folk - by happenstance - do they daily workout near one another . BEN exactly . thank you . as Anna pick up she bag and walk past he - anna wanna swim ? Ben watch she go , not sure she 's serious . int . gym pool - night Big indoor pool . clearly close , light off . Anna open the door with a key , Ben follow . BEN I be just think - why can not we be friend ? be I not allow to make friend anymore ? be I not allow to be friend with hot people ? what kind of reverse prejudice be that ? anna I hear you . be I suppose to not be friend with a guy just because he 's marry , and happen to have this insane smile and this ass that make I want to dry hump ? 52 7/20/7 53. BEN I think I just fall in love . a girl who talk about a dry hump . anna classy , right ? BEN classy be lame . Anna sit at the edge of the pool . anna so , friend , right ? BEN totally . and with that , Anna pull off she top . and then she sweat . and , totally naked , slide into the pool . anna you wanna come in ? BEN I be sorry . I do not trust myself . anna ok . you can just watch . he do . BEN you may be the best friend I have ever have . Anna laugh , and then dunk she head under the water . int . highlandtown house - kitchen - night Ben come in the front door , drop he gym bag . janine sit on the couch flipping through a magazine . he lean in to kiss she on the cheek . she do not look happy . janine honey - you smell different . Ben pull back smoothly . BEN different how ? janine I do not know . 53 7/20/7 54 . BEN well that 's a odd thing to say . she look at he . he try to coolly meet she gaze . janine maybe it 's the ashtray and cigarettes I find . in the side yard . what part of " my dad die of lung cancer " be hard for you to wrap you brain around ? BEN what ? janine do not lie to I , ben. please . BEN be you serious ? we have like eight thousand undocumented worker in this house daily . you find cigarettes , and you automatically assume they be mine ? janine well , yes . BEN honey , I be not lie . and you be really freaking out . I think the renovation be get to you because nothing be go on . just please - relax . Ben walk away . off janine , want to believe he . ext . baltimore yacht club - dock - day Ben walk to a boat at the end of the dock . he stand , unsure , before decide to knock on the side of the boat . neil emerge - unshaven , possibly unshower . neil ah . my first visitor . BEN this boat be sick . how come you never invite I out before ? neil well , this be suppose to be just for Beth and I - for we retirement . leave we job . sell the house . take off . 54 7/20/7 55 . Neil be clearly have a tough time . Ben do not know what to say . they be silent for a second . neil ( cont 'd ) sorry . where be my manners ? permission to board grant . I will show you around . Ben smile , step on to the boat . ext . inner harbor - day close on : a cigarette be light . widen to reveal Neil smoking on the upper deck of he boat , steering it out into the bay . Ben stand across from he , look on . neil ( be : cigarette ) sorry . BEN it 's ok . Neil switch to he leave hand , away from Ben . neil so janine send you to check on I ? BEN yeah . pretty much . neil any message from Beth ? Ben shake he head no . Neil seem disappointed . BEN I think she 's be busy get ready for she sister 's funeral though , so ... neil her sister 's what ? BEN wedding . her sister 's wedding . what do I say ? Neil be now laughing hard . neil you say funeral . BEN no , I do not . shit , do I ? 55 7/20/7 56 . Neil laugh harder . even Ben see the humor . neil the marriage thing be weird , man . I never think Beth would give I a ultimatum . BEN really ? why not ? that 's what woman do . neil right . I forget . that 's how janine get you to bite the bullet . BEN yup . Neil look at Ben , curious . neil do you regret it ? BEN no. neil so you be happy ? you would say you be happily marry ? Ben look at Neil as if he 's crazy . BEN I love janine . Neil take a drag and look out over the harbor . int . bo brooks crab house - night we pan down one of the long table to find Beth , smacking a crab with a mallet . hard . and loud . the other at the table turn to look at she , annoyed . and that 's when we see - there seem to be a party and speech underway . cousin now , I know when my cousin paige say that vow tomorrow , there be go to be heart break all over the world . Beth 's sister , paige , smile . cousin ( cont 'd ) so , keep in mind , she sister Beth be still on the market . 56 7/20/7 57 . the cousin wink at Beth . Beth go white . cousin ( cont 'd ) sure , she 's a older model , but she 's still get a lot of mile leave in she . but do not stay on the lot too long , bethie , or next year 's model will -- ken murphy , 60 , nearly trample guest to grab the mic . ken ok - that 's enough of the speech . time to eat . so enjoy the crab . and the yellow stuff be not hot mustard , it 's the crab 's hepatopancreas . mix reaction from the crowd as Ken put the mic down . he start to return to he table - when he see Beth try to make a sneaky exit . he catch up to she . ken ( cont 'd ) bethie , you cousin jay have always be a jackass . beth I know . and even he 's marry . ken so , you will get marry a little bit later than some people . Big deal . you never do anything the way every one else do it , and that 's what I have always think be so great about you . beth I be you oldest daughter , and I be the only one not marry . if this be fiddler on the roof you would have to sacrifice I or something . Ken laugh and put he arm around Beth . ken honey , look . when everyone else be just go to camp at the y , you borrow my New York Times , find some art camp in the berkshire , write away for information , then get accept on you own . you be nine . you never do thing the way everyone else do . beth why not ? 57 7/20/7 58. ken because that 's you . that 's why you be my favorite daughter . Beth 's eye go wide . beth I do not think you be suppose to say that . ken well , I do not give a shit . I be retire , and I will say what I want . I will say it into the mic if you want -- beth that 's ok . ken it 's true , though . beth I know . they hug . int . frazier be on the avenue - night gigi sit sip a drink , alone , when Alex come in the door and go directly to she table . alex sorry I be late . gigi that 's ok . I like a little time before a blind date - prepare myself mentally , remind myself not to tell the story about my molar -- alex he 's not come . Alex motion to the waitress to bring they another round . alex ( cont 'd ) can not wait to hear that story about the molar , though . gigi how can he already not like I ? 58 7/20/7 59 . alex I screw up . I tell Bill it be Thursday , but I mean Tuesday . gigi be disappointed . the waitress drop off they drink . they toast - then observe the scene at the bar . gigi awesome . I be stick here with a guy who can not distinguish Tuesday from Thursday - and meanwhile this girl - ( motion to girl at the bar ) - she 's probably meeting she soul mate as we speak . the girl be stand between two guy . alex nope . gigi how do you know ? alex see the guy try to work the Tom Cruise thing . she 's interested . he 's not . gigi you can not tell from a cursory glance that he 's not interested . alex actually , I can . I manage a restaurant . I see this stuff go down every night . watch -- as if on cue , Tom Cruise guy bang he elbow into the girl , hard , cause she to spill she drink . Tom Cruise guy see , but do not acknowledge . Alex look smug . gigi man , you have a gift . alex and check out droopy dawg on she other side . he can buy she drink all night , and she will insist there 's no " spark . " gigi maybe there be not . you need a spark . alex the " spark " thing be bullshit . 59 7/20/7 60 . gigi really ? enlighten I . alex guy invent the " spark " so they could not call and treat you kind of bad and keep you guess , and then convince you that the anxiety and fear that it create in you be actually a " spark . " and you all buy it . you love it . you all thrive on it because you all love drama . gigi I do not . alex really ? so you do not wait until the last minute on deadline , or on phone bill , because you love the drama of not know whether you will make it ? she 's bust . gigi maybe . alex and let I guess - when you be stalking conor that night - be you obsess about he call for day , even though the date be just kind of mediocre ? gigi ok . yeah . alex see , you thrive on drama . you gotta be more like I - if a girl like I great , if not , there be plenty more like she - probably with smaller pore and bigger implant . gigi that 's beautiful . alex thanks . they continue drink and observe the scene . gigi why be you share all this inside dating information with I again ? 60 7/20/7 61 . alex I dunno . I like you . gigi you do ? alex do not start doodling my name on you binder . I just mean , I like you , like I like basset hound . they be kinda pathetic - so you want to cheer they up . gigi again with the sensitivity . Alex smile at she . gigi can not help but smile back . int . highlandtown house - morning janine walk down the hallway , with javier ( 40 , stocky ) , she contractor . she 's inspect the crown molding . janine it look good . javier yes . janine he do good work . javier he 's very good . janine stop and look at javier . he look back at she . janine javier . javier yes . janine javier , if I ask you a honest question , do you think you could give I a honest answer ? javier I think so . janine good . because I think some of you guy have be - smoking . 61 7/20/7 62. janine look at javier . it 's awkwardly silent . janine ( cont 'd ) javier ? javier be that the question ? janine yes . javier oh . it seem like a statement . janine the question part be imply - javier I do not really hear it in the inflection - janine javier - have you guy be smoking or not ? javier no , mar 'am . my guy do not smoke on the job site . they be all good guy . janine be you sure you guy be not sneaking around here ? and smoking ? and lie to I ? and -- smoking ? she 's start to freak javier out . javier I be pretty sure . janine I need you to be honest with I , javier . because I can not have someone lie to I . to my face . under my roof . on my time . javier ( very softly ) that 's a lot of preposition ... janine do not hear he , and barrel on - janine I mean , there be no reason for that kind of dishonesty , be there ? be there ? I mean , we make promise to one another -- 62 7/20/7 63. javier look at she - what the hell be she talk about ? janine ( cont 'd ) what I mean be , we have a contract . which be like make promise to each other , right ? javier maybe I should just get back to work . janine yes . fine. good idea . javier start to leave . janine ( cont 'd ) but , we be good here , right ? I and you ? blank stare from javier . janine slap on a smile . janine ( cont 'd ) okay , great . the molding really do look great . javier give a force smile , and head back to work . int . mt. vernon row house - day two well built men ( skip and larry ) sip from bottle of volvic water as they wander through a kitchen , inspect the cabinetry . conor come into to frame , wear a tone down version of he " gay friendly " clothes . conor hello , my name be conor . please sign in whenever you get a chance . he gesture to a guest book on the kitchen island - next to which Anna stand . conor join she . anna this be insane . you be like the liza minelli of real estate . conor I know . you friend Mary 's a genius . the house be teeming with gay couple - open closet , admire floor , munch on complimentary cookie . anna alright . gotta run . 63 7/20/7 64 . conor you get a class ? anna uh , no . just some stuff . see you later ? conor sure . conor go in for a hug , but Anna 's not ready for it - so he just end up grab she . it 's awkward . she leave , conor try to play it off , look around the room . skip and Larry look at he sympathetically . conor ( cont 'd ) what ? skip she 's hold out on you , be not she ? conor I be not sure I get you meaning . larry it 's obvious . she will not sleep with you . it 's write all over you puppy dog face . conor look at they , decide not to fight it . conor it 's kill I . literally . I be die . skip and Larry move closer , Larry grab a plate . larry here , have a cookie . conor I just - I have no idea what she 's do . I can not read she signal - at all . we use to sleep together - all the time . well , that 's not true , I do not know why I say that , it be not all the time . but it do happen - I know I be not make this up . and then , out of nowhere , it stop . but she still call , she stop by , she sleep on my couch , she want a massage , she leave cute message - but it never go anywhere . I mean , what be she do ? 64 7/20/7 65 . larry honestly - we may not have the best insight . Gay signal have nothing to do with straight signal . skip he 's right . like - here 's " I want to sleep with you " . he look at Larry . Larry look back at he . they do not break they gaze . larry one , two , three - that 's it . Three second or more - it 's on . skip here 's " I do not want to sleep with you . " skip look at Larry again . Larry meet he gaze . larry one , two - ( he look away ) no . thanks for play . move along . skip it 's that simple . conor you be right . that 's no help at all . larry but listen - I can tell you this . Gay or straight , you be not go to get anywhere by be inactive . she clearly like you - maybe she just want you to be a man and do something . so the next time you be in the position - do not take no for a answer . skip look at Larry , concerned . skip that sound like felonious advice . larry you be right . let I rephrase . do not take maybe for a answer . conor take this in - that 's not a bad idea . 65 7/20/7 66 . int . anna's apartment - night cute studio apartment . and Ben be in the bed . Anna walk in from the bathroom , in a robe . Ben watch she . BEN wait . stop. anna what ? BEN shit . this be bad . anna what ? BEN I be so into you . Anna beam . she join he in bed . BEN ( cont 'd ) I be lie here watch you and I seriously have never feel this way before . I have to forcibly make my brain stop think about you . I mean , all the time . anna why stop ? she look at Ben . he 's not smile . BEN because I do not do stuff like this . anna stuff like what ? BEN like have sex with woman who be not my wife . anna first of all , I be not woman . I be just one . he wait . BEN what 's second of all ? 66 7/20/7 67 . anna I do not have a second of all . BEN I think second of all be go to make I feel better . Anna think . anna second of all - I can not stop think about you , either . they look at each other for a long moment . BEN I have to tell she . anna what ? BEN I have to tell she . Anna 's eye light up , but she try to cover . anna I do not want to push you to -- BEN I want to be with you . and I can not do that if I be lie to she . anna you know what 's best . as Ben pull she to he , she let a smile take hold . fade to chapter card : ... if he's married louis , 60' , with a kind but very wise face , talk to the camera in he formal doorman attire , stand in front of a posh Upper East side building . louis here 's the thing - my daughter be happily marry with kid and run a tanning salon on staten Island . but if she be not , I would tell she the same thing I would like to tell a lot of the girl that come in and out of this building on the arm of a marry guy . ( more ) 67 7/20/7 68. louis ( cont 'd ) and here be that advice --- get stock , cash , annuity , a deed in you name . do not settle for flower and a shopping spree at bendel 's . think to the future . we all know that none of this guy be gonna leave he society wife and let she keep half the money and the classic eight on Park Avenue . so , I wanna tell this young lady , as long as you only have the guy for a finite period of time -- get something that can last . because I guarantee you - he will not . and that 's the best fatherly advice I can give . int . rite aid - day Mary and Anna , in sweat and ugg boot and dirty hair , both load they cart with cheap beauty product . anna I be not pick out china pattern or anything - but I have never feel anything like this before . mary this be crazy . I can not believe he 's gonna leave he wife for you . anna no , he 's not leave he wife for I . he 's just - he 's a good guy . and he can not really explore what we could be if he 's lie to she . Mary look at she . anna ( cont 'd ) he 's kind of leave he wife for I . be this crazy ? this be totally crazy . we barely know each other . mary I do not know . remember becca , my sister 's friend . some guy wait on she at bennigan 's - by the end of the night they both know they have find the one . anna you be totally right . it can happen . mary not for I . 68 7/20/7 69 . anna well , what about texter ? mary texter have yet to make any verbal contact . I mean , this guy could have have surgery that leave he without a voice box , breathe through a stoma , and I would never know because I never actually hear he voice . anna I doubt he have a stoma - mary that 's not the point . the point be - I can not text . I be not charming via text . my sarcasm do not come through , I can not type fast enough on the little phone keyboard -- anna so do not text . mary it 's not just texting . it 's email and voicemail and snail mail - anna that 's just mail - mary whatever . none of it 's work . I have have a guy leave a voicemail for I at work , and then I call he back at home , and he email I to my blackberry , and then I text he to he cell and then he email I to my home account from the plane phone -- and it just totally get out of hand . I miss the day where you have one phone number with one answer machine that house one cassette tape and either the cassette tape have a message from the guy or it do not . that 's it . now you have to go around check all you portal and get reject by seven different technology . it 's exhaust . Anna , who be try a different shade of nail polish on each finger , calmly look up at Mary . anna so what about the singer guy ? 69 7/20/7 70 . mary Jude . yeah , I like he . anna that 's great . mary totally . I feel like we connect . int . gigi be apartment - night gigi sit on the couch , wrap in a blanket , eat graham cracker and watch some kind of wonderful on tv . the phone ring . gigi hello . intercut with : int . red maple - office - night even in the office we can hear the din of the bar scene . alex oh , hey . you be home . gigi where be I suppose to be ? alex out . it 's Saturday night . gigi you will not let I go out with guy who do not like I . it 's kind of limit . alex I be just call to let you know - I be have a party at my place next weekend . you should come . gigi consider this . gigi I do not know . wo not conor be there ? might be kinda awkward . alex he 's in DC for the weekend at some real estate conference . but there 's gonna be a bunch of single guy . 70 7/20/7 71 . gigi so I will have plenty of chance to be awkward . thank god . alex do not worry . I will be there . I will talk you through it . gigi smile . gigi so , the party - be it like a big party , more of a mellow hang or -- a crash outside Alex 's office . alex yeah , ok . gotta go - I think someone just drop 84 wine glass . gigi hang up , and go back to watch she movie . close on : the tv screen as Mary Stuart masterson ( as watt ) and Eric stoltz ( as keith ) hang out in a garage . watt amanda Jones be no minor leaguer who will be sweep off she foot at the touch of you amateur lip . keith I think I can handle it . watt it 's cool . I be just gonna work on it with you but - if you be comfortable ... great . keith wait . how do you work on it ? watt pretend I be a girl , ok ? I mean , pretend I be she ... amanda . gigi sit up . a light bulb have go off . as she watch keith and watt kiss on screen , a smile cross she face . int . mccormick spice corporate headquarters - day gigi blow in , dump she thing and turn to janine : 71 7/20/7 72. gigi he 's into I . janine awesome . I know it . ( she hug gigi ) who 's this now ? gigi Alex . it 's totally clear to I now . he 's watt . janine what ? gigi from some kind of wonderful . janine wait , be not Mary Stuart masterson watt ? gigi yes . janine so , why be not you watt ? gigi I be Eric stoltz . janine what ? gigi Alex be watt because watt help Eric stoltz go on a date with amanda Jones , but really she 's in love with Eric stoltz herself . janine wait - so who 's amanda Jones ? gigi I guess conor at first . now man in general . but that 's not the point . the point be -- he 's into I . janine you know , I know there have to be a reason he be spend all that time with you . 72 7/20/7 73. gigi I know ! it 's so obvious now -- there be so many sign . janine oooh , gimme the sign . I love to hear about the sign . janine roll she chair closer to gigi 's desk . gigi at first they be small - like when I first call he say " good to hear from you " - janine totally good sign . gigi right ? and then the next time I call he be with a woman - but he still take the call . and talk to I for a while . janine you know it be a woman ? gigi he call she " babe . " janine a guy do not leave a woman - to talk to another woman - unless there 's something go on . gigi I know ! and it get more obvious . I mean , please - there be no guy he be go to fix I up with . the fix up be he . janine wait - really ? gigi he show up - without this fictitious Bill character - and the two of we basically have a date . and then he call I to invite I to a party at he place . janine you be right . he so like you . janine roll she chair up to gigi 's computer screen . 73 7/20/7 74 . janine ( cont 'd ) let 's look up place for you destination wedding . would you guy wanna do Napa Valley - I have always want to go there . gigi laugh but do not fight as janine start search . int . baltimore blade office - day Mary sit at she desk , surround by she gay . they be all look at she computer screen . close on : a myspace page . name : " you soul - ution " sex : male age : 29 from : funkytown friend : 1282 mary there 's no way he 's already call - we only meet for coffee last night . I mean we video ichatted . while hold coffee . kinda like have coffee . Nathan hand she the phone . nathan just call you voice mail . mary and he tell I he have a gig last night , so he probably get in real late . do I tell you he be singer ? bruce just call . Mary cradle the receiver with she shoulder and dial . joshua on speaker . Mary hit the speakerphone button . you soul - ution ( o.s. ) ( singing , in a sexy voice ) maaaary . Mary , Mary , Mary , maaaary . oh my maaary . Mary be clearly charme . the gay all swoon . nathan I just get hard . the other guy shush he . 74 7/20/7 75 . you soul - ution ( o.s. ) hey Mary , it 's Jude . just want to tell you again how special it be to meet you . so , call I back . bye . beep . Mary beam . bruce amazing . he will sing to you baby . Mary bask in the attention . then , another beep . you soul - ution ( o.s. ) ( singing , from speakerphone ) jeeeeny . Jenny , Jenny , Jenny , jeeeeny . all head whip around at stare at the speaker phone . you soul - ution ( cont 'd ) hey Jenny , it 's Jude . just want to -- oh shit , - what number do I call ? some rustling noise , and a hang up , follow by a dial tone . Mary stare at the phone - then push a button . automate voice all message deleted . they all head wordlessly back to work . int . home depot - day close on : two seemingly identical plank of wood . we pull back to reveal Ben and janine , in the wide aisle of Home Depot , as janine really study the two piece of wood . finally , she point to one of they . janine that one . BEN no . that 's the laminate . janine that one be not real hardwood floor ? BEN no . but it look exactly the same - at like one one hundredth of the cost . janine consider this . 75 7/20/7 76 . janine I still wanna go with the real wood . BEN but you can not even tell the difference . janine that 's not the point . BEN then what 's the point ? janine I just do not like the way it 's pretend to be wood . if you be not wood , then do not try to look like wood . BEN I do not think it 's pretend -- Ben be make light . but janine be all business . janine it 's a lie . just be up front - tell people what you really be . Ben take this in . his cheek start to burn . BEN you be right . I be sorry . you be totally right . janine it 's ok . maybe we should look at the grill and come back . as she start to steer they giant cart away , Ben just stand there , fuse to the ground . finally : BEN I sleep with someone . janine stop , do not say anything . BEN ( cont 'd ) I -- janine I hear you . she do not turn to face he . total silence . 76 7/20/7 77 . janine ( cont 'd ) you tell I this in Home Depot because you know how I hate a public scene . BEN that be not why I - janine I know it . I know it . you asshole . BEN I be sorry . I be so sorry . janine and it 's you that 's be smoking , too , be not it ? BEN what ? why do that matter ? janine turn to Ben . she be irate . janine have - you - be - smoking ? BEN no. no. I have not . janine just stare at he , fuming . BEN ( cont 'd ) look , I talk to Neil , and he say I could stay on he boat for a while if -- now janine 's eye go wide with disbelief . janine excuse I ? and now you want to move out ? you be like - what - leave I ? Ben look confuse , but be try to roll with it . BEN no. no . I just assume that you would not want I to -- janine we be not go to deal with this ? we be not go to figure out a way to work through this ? 77 7/20/7 78. BEN I just assume that once I tell you , you would want I -- out . janine be that what you want ? BEN ( almost a whisper ) no. janine ok . she head down the aisle with the cart . Ben follow , confuse - that do not go how he think it would . ext . gramercy mansion - day the lush grounds surround a beautiful turn - of - the - century mansion . the procession of a wedding have just begin . two adorable flower girl start thing off . then Beth 's sister , Laura , process down the aisle with she husband , steven . Beth 's sister Catherine and she husband GEORGE be next . Big smile all around . then Beth appear at the end of the aisle with she escort - buddy , a 12 year old chocolate lab , wear a coral bow tie . Beth force a smile as she process with buddy - who stop to piss on a chair leg . Beth be not happy . int . gramercy mansion - day a lavish reception . Beth take she seat next to dan , 40s . Dan look over at Beth 's place card . dan you must be Beth . beth yep . dan I have hear a lot about you from paige . I would be lobby for week to be seat next to she single sister . beth oh , yeah ? so you be - ( look at he placecard ) Dan . 78 7/20/7 79 . dan uh , sort of . beth hmmm ? dan well , I be actually a wiccan . so I have a magickal name . beth really ? dan it 's brother Phoenix East -horse . but I do not know if that would fit on a card . Beth slap on a fake smile , and grab for the wine . int . alex' apartment - night a party be in full swing . typical affair for someone in they late 20' - mediocre food but decent alcohol . gigi stand , somewhat uncomfortably , near the chex mix . she try smile at a tall girl , who ignore she . so gigi continue absently and compulsively shove handfuls of chex mix into she mouth . nathan it make you breath stink . gigi pardon ? gigi look up to see Nathan and Bruce - Mary 's gay coworker who be now deck out in full - on Saturday night gay mode - stand next to she . nathan chex mix . I learn the hard way . I make out with a guy after eat like a bag of the stuff . he say my breath smell like trout . gigi put she handful of chex mix back . gigi thanks for the tip . nathan I be sorry . that be rude . and that guy I make out with be a total asshole . 79 7/20/7 80 . bruce you want I to smell you ? I be sure you do not smell like trout . gigi laugh . gigi thanks . I be good . she cup she hand and surreptitiously check she breath . nathan I be Nathan . this be Bruce . gigi gigi . how do you guy know Alex ? bruce we do not . we friend Mary hear about it from some guy name conor . gigi smile in recognition . nathan how do you know Alex ? gigi I hope - I mean I be pretty sure - something be about to happen between we . nathan so , you be here as like a guest , or like he date ? bruce I hate that - when you do not know if you be a date - so you do not know if you should bring a friend , or if you be like co-host or if you should stay till the end to have alone time -- suddenly , a look of doubt sweep across gigi 's face . gigi he do not really say . she reflexively grab for the chex mix and start gorging on it again . Nathan stop she . gigi ( cont 'd ) but I be sure I be more than just a guest . I mean - there have be sign . 80 7/20/7 81. nathan cool . bruce I do get a slight waft of trout , though . take a mint . he reach in he pocket . gigi look at he gratefully . gigi thank you . int . gramercy mansion - night dinner be over . the dance floor be crowded . the bride , paige , be out there . Beth 's dad be dance with she mom . Beth 's dad give Beth a wink as she head onto to the dance floor with dominic , 5as and fat . dominic so , where 's Neil ? beth we actually break up . dominic no way . you guy be together for like ten year . beth Seven . but yes , a long time . they continue to dance . dominic too bad cousin can not marry , huh ? cuz then we could maybe -- beth eeew dominic , gross . Beth swat dominic on the arm , and he laugh . and then they be distract by a commotion on the dance floor . everyone have stop dance . they be look to the floor , near the band . Beth push she way through to see - her dad . he have fallen to he knee . he's clutching he chest . and he face be turning a ashy , terrifying gray . 81 7/20/7 82. int . alex' apartment - night the place be pack . gigi be smashed into a hallway , try to look relaxed . Alex come up behind she . alex I have no idea it would be such a madhouse . gigi turn to he and smile . gigi hey . great party . alex be any guy hit on you ? do you need I to evaluate they level of interest ? gigi they be gay . even I know that they level of interest be probably low . alex well - too bad Bill could not make it . I still think you guy would hit it off . gigi smile knowingly - on to Alex 's scam . gigi oh ok . right. ( air quote ) " Bill " . Alex do not know how to take that . alex anyway - I be on my way to put out some more liquor . but it look like the food could use some refresh -- he look at the food table . everything be empty . alex ( cont 'd ) would you mind help ? I mean , just refill the chip and stuff ? gigi you mean , kind of like --- co-host ? gigi look elate . Alex look confuse . 82 7/20/7 83. alex uhh , ok . the chip be on top of the fridge . he walk away . gigi smile big . int . alex' apartment - a little later the party be now even more crowded . gigi weave she way through the crowd . she 's deftly hold six drink , pass they off to various people as she walk . she stop at the food table , rearrange a few bowl . she catch alex' eye across the room , he 's talk to friend . she smile and give a thumb up . he give a awkward thumb up back and return to he conversation . int . alex' apartment - kitchen - a little later gigi be in the kitchen , mixing up some dip . she chat with a couple of party - goer , very much at home . party - goer # 1 really great party . gigi thanks . when Alex say he want to have a party , I be like " let 's do it . " party -goer # 2 thanks so much for have we . gigi no problem . anytime . a attractive tall girl enter the kitchen , and start looking in the cupboard . gigi watch with interest . gigi ( cont 'd ) can I help you find something ? the tall girl find a BOWL in the cabinet , and grab it . tall girl no , that 's ok . I get it . she bring the bowl over to the counter , and start empty gigi 's dip into the bowl . gigi be thrown . tall girl ( cont 'd ) thanks for mixing that up . 83 7/20/7 84. gigi what ? tall girl Alex ask I to get the dip together . thanks for get it start . gigi 's face grow red . the tall girl taste the dip . tall girl ( cont 'd ) hmmm - could use a little more dill . then the tall girl deftly grab the dip , and chip , and head back out to the party . gigi look to the confuse party - goer , not pleased . int . alex' apartment - later Bruce and Nathan wave to gigi as they leave . people be get coat - the crowd be definitely thinning . gigi spot Alex in the kitchen and make a beeline . gigi when someone 's underwear end up in you toaster oven - it 's be a good party . Alex look at the toaster oven and laugh . alex I guess people have fun . then , the tall girl emerge . tall girl Alex , you want I to start clean up ? gigi stare dagger at her . gigi that 's sweet of you . but I think I would stick around , so I will take care of it . tall girl no. I get it . the tall girl shoot gigi a dirty look as she grab a trash bag . gigi grab one , too . Alex look mystify . alex knock yourselves out . 84 7/20/7 85 . int . alex' apartment - still later it be really late . everyone 's go - except the tall girl and alex , who sit on the couch play a NBA live on the XBOX . gigi enter from the kitchen . gigi I think I have round up the last of the beer bottle . the tall girl and Alex do not look up from the game . gigi stand there awkwardly . gigi ( cont 'd ) so , umm - what game be this ? they ignore she . she look around . it 's awkward . gigi ( cont 'd ) well , maybe I should just -- you know -- I mean it 's past three and -- tall girl yes !! suck it ! Alex toss down he controller . alex you be sensational . the tall girl beam . gigi flinch . tall girl do you say it 's past three ? man , I gotta go . gigi suppress a smile . the tall girl give Alex a hug , and head out . gigi , finally alone with Alex , sit next to he on the couch . they be silent for a moment . alex thanks for stay and help clean up - but I really gotta get to bed . gigi be that a invitation ? alex what ? gigi I be sorry . that be cheesy . I be not good at this . 85 7/20/7 86. but then -- before Alex know what 's happen , gigi be lunging at he . she put he face in she hand , and start to kiss he . really kiss he . finally , gigi pull away . she look breathless . gigi ( cont 'd ) yes ! Alex look a little afraid . gigi ( cont 'd ) I know it . I know it . the best relationship grow out of friendship . she go in to kiss he again . this time he stop she . alex wait - what ? gigi ummmm .... alex now you and I be in a relationship ? gigi well , I would say if we be not at relationship station -- ship , we be at least on the track . Alex get up off the couch . alex and why would you think that , exactly ? gigi because there be - you know - sign . alex really ? like what ? gigi ummm - it be good to hear from I . you talk to I even when you be with a girl . I feel something ... she trail off . Alex be not pleased . alex what be you talk about ? what have I be say since I meet you ? if a guy want to date you he will make it happen . he will ask you out . did I ask you out ? 86 7/20/7 87. gigi ( softly ) no. alex why would you do this ? gigi I think you be watt . Alex do not even hear she . alex why do woman do this ? why do they build this stuff up in they mind , take each little thing a guy do and twist it into something else -- gigi stand there , embarrassed , take Alex 's berate . gigi I would rather be like that - than like you . alex Excuse I ? gigi maybe I dissect each little thing , and put myself out there too much , and maybe I even thrive on the drama of it all -- but at least that mean I still care . you think you have win because woman be expendable to you ? sure , you do not get hurt or make a ass of yourself that way , but you do not fall in love that way , either . you have not win , Alex . you be alone . gigi grab she bag . gigi ( cont 'd ) I may do a lot of stupid shit - but I know I be a lot closer to find someone than you be . gigi turn and head out the door . int . gigi be apartment - bedroom - night gigi look at the phone , and then finally dial . 87 7/20/7 88. gigi hey janine , I be sorry it 's so late , but I just - do not start pick out you bridesmay dress , ok ? I know this be not the first time this have happen , it 's just - this one be not about whether he like I . I just really like he . gigi hang up , lay on the bed , snap off the light . int . potomac house - day Ken Murphy , Beth 's dad , lie in bed , in a Notre Dame sweatshirt , with papers , and book surround he . Beth clear he breakfast dish off of the bed . beth you want anything else ? ken yeah . less of that cardboardy brown stuff . more regular people food . beth the cardboardy brown stuff be call whole grain bread . ken maybe you could just fry I up a couple sausage link ? beth people who have just have heart attack generally be not advise to eat animal fat , stuff in synthetic casing . Ken look at she , with a wry smile . ken do I tell you that you be not only my favorite daughter , but you be also the prettiest ? so much better look than that other dog . seriously . beth it 's not gonna work this time . but I appreciate the effort . Beth take he dirty dish and head for the door . 88 7/20/7 89 . int . potomac house - den - same Beth haul the dish downstairs and through the de where Steven , Laura 's husband , be on the couch , intently watch the golf channel . steven hey , Beth . grab I a beer if you be go that way ? Beth roll she eye . steven ( cont 'd ) and a little plate of cold cut if there be any leave ? Beth just keep on walk . int . potomac house - live room - same Beth walk by paige , on the couch , and devon , paige 's new husband , on the floor , surround by a mess of vinyl record . he have a old bobby darin tune blaring . beth you might wanna kill the volume just a smidge . my mom be finally take a nap . devon you think you dad really want to hang on to all this vinyl ? my collection could use a bunch of this . beth turn it the fuck down . both Devon and paige look at she , stunne . int . potomac house - kitchen - same the kitchen be a total mess . Beth set the dish down in a precarious pile of other dish , and see she sister Laura and Catherine at the kitchen table . beth I finally get mom to lay down in the spare room . all we have leave to eat be some old jelly and ramen noodle , so after I tackle some of this dish , maybe we can go to the store . we new brother be try to co - opt dad 's property before he 's even dead . ( more ) 89 7/20/7 90 . beth ( cont 'd ) and Laura , you husband would really like a beer to go with he fifth consecutive hour of the golf channel . Beth look up . Laura be point to Catherine , who have she head in she hand . she 's crying softly . beth ( cont 'd ) it 's ok . it 's all gonna be ok . catherine what be I gonna do without dad ? beth first of all , he 's upstairs watch ' Oprah after the show ' . LAURA and second of all - you have we . catherine but he 's always be - the one who 's there for I . beth what about you husband ? where the hell be he ? catherine play ultimate frisbee . his team may make the quarterfinal . Beth roll she eye . the dish crash in the sink . int . mccormick spice corporate headquarters - day janine sit at Beth 's desk , across from gigi , who stare at she in disbelief . janine fiddle with a tile sample . gigi do you know who it be ? janine ( shaking she head " no " ) it do not matter . gigi so be you go to - leave - he ? janine gigi , he 's my husband . he 's not just some guy that do not call I back . and he do admit it to I . he do not wait to get catch . that take courage . 90 7/20/7 91 . gigi be clearly stung . janine ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not mean that . I know Alex be not just some guy . gigi it 's ok . janine it 's my fault , you know . gigi what ? janine I be willing to accept my responsibility in this . I force he into get marry . he be not ready . gigi janine - this be not you fault . janine it be . I have - change . I use to be fun . I be fun when we meet . gigi you be still fun . a beat . janine look at gigi , the tear come . janine we never have sex anymore . gigi lot of couple get through lull . janine no . we never have sex . realistically , what do I expect he to do ? gigi I do not think that 's really -- she look down at the tile in she hand . janine this be too small . I gotta tell javier . gigi what ? 91 7/20/7 92. janine this tile . I gotta go . tell Beth I take a personal day . janine grab she purse , head out as gigi look on . fade to card : ... if he's sleeping with someone else mariel ( 50' , highly manicure , upper class type ) sit on a yacht in what look to be the french riviera . mariel my first husband be unimpressive . I find he in bed with he big breast secretary when I come home early from the maldive . so unoriginal , it make I feel sorry for he . my second husband be a pinch more creative . cheated on I with my sister - but make I believe that I be insane for be suspicious . at last - some intrigue , some mind game - though my sister 's two year old eventually give they up . but my last husband -- he be a gem . a veritable master at cover he track . I pour over he phone record , intercept he credit card bill , have he follow on countless occasion - and never find a single shred of evidence . it be not until he die that I find out about the property he own with he austrian mistress . but the real master , I have to say -- be I . Three husband -- countless boyfriend , and I have not be catch yet . int . law office - hallway - evening Anna squeezy Ben 's hand as they stride down the hallway to he office . Anna be try to suppress a smile . anna oh my god , oh my god , oh my god ... Ben smoothly extricate he hand from Anna 's . he nod to coworker as they pass . BEN it be all you , babe . anna oh my god , oh my god , oh my god . 92 7/20/7 93. Ben smile at Anna , as they round the corner of the corridor to he office . he go in , and she follow . int . ben' office - evening Ben deftly shut and lock the door behind they . anna oh . my. GOD . BEN this be really good news . anna I can not believe this . he like my demo . do you hear what he say ? when he say it be hauntingly beautiful ? do you hear that part ? BEN yep . I be sit right there . Ben smile , and pull Anna to he . anna thank you . thank you so much . with that , they start to kiss . it get heat . clothes start to come off . mostly anna be . they make they way over to the leather sofa . BEN how be it that every time I see you body , I be shocked at how beautiful it be ? Anna smile at the compliment . she start to work on he shirt when : someone tries to OPEN the locked door . BEN ( cont 'd ) dana , I need to go over the offer statement . can I get a few minute ? Ben continue to remove he shirt as he talk . janine ( o.s. ) it 's not dana . BEN freeze . literally freeze on top of Anna . anna be - 93 7/20/7 94 . Ben frantically put he hand over Anna 's mouth . then , work with speed and precision , he gather all of anna's thing and shove she - naked - into the closet . there be not enough room to stand , so she have to sit . she look up at Ben , he close the closet door . he go to the door of the office . BEN shit . I tell dana to get this lock fix . one sec . janine why do you even lock it ? Ben re-button he shirt , give the office a once over . BEN I would never get anything do if I do not . finally , Ben open the door , and janine be stand there , smile . janine can I come in ? BEN of course . she make a show of close and locking the door . BEN ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? janine sit down . Ben go to sit behind he desk , confuse . BEN ok . janine , clearly a little nervous , go to straddle Ben at he desk chair . her skirt be way too long to do this , so she have to regroup , and hike up the skirt . Ben glance over at the closet . BEN ( cont 'd ) janine , what be you do ? janine I do not know . I just think - maybe we could , you know , relight the fire . 94 7/20/7 95 . BEN honey , do you hear what I just say ? I gotta get this offer statement out . Ben pick up some papers , but janine be not give up . janine look , I be try here . do you want to save we marriage or do not you ? janine look at ben. Ben be silent . int . ben' office - closet - same Anna sit , hold back tear , as she listen closely . BEN ( o.s. ) of course I do . janine ( o.s. ) then you will let I do this . then a zipper open , a chair creaking - janine ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yeah , just like that , yeah ... we hold on Anna as she sit there , stoneface . int . red maple - bar - early evening Alex have the staff ( of about 10 ) assemble for the pre- shift meeting . he consult a clipboard as he talk . alex ok - tyrone you bus 4 through 6 - and pitch in with the server when you - tyrone no ... I be on 8 through 10 . I be always on 8 through 10 . be work here 18 month do 8 through 10 . alex right . Luis you take 4 through 6 . the staff look at each other - perplex . tyrone dude . Luis quit like 10 month ago . Alex rifle through he papers , not sure what he 's look for . he slam he clipboard on the bar . 95 7/20/7 96 . alex do we even need to have this meeting ? seriously ? do this serve any purpose ? the group voice they opinion - a resounding " no " . alex ( cont 'd ) good. great . get to work . the group disperse , Alex head around the bar . he see kelli Ann walk away and call after she . alex ( cont 'd ) hey , kelli Ann - any call for I ? kelli ann since you ask I 11 minute ago ? no , not a lot of phone traffic . kelli Ann start to turn away as she see Alex grab he cell phone , look at it , then put it down . he grab a beer , take a swig - then grab he cell phone again - stare at it , willing it to ring . he put it down again . a huge smile grow on kelli Ann 's face . kelli ann ( cont 'd ) oh my god . alex what ? kelli ann it 's happen to you . alex what have happen to I ? kelli ann what 's she name ? alex who ? kelli ann the girl , Alex . alex there 's no girl . Alex take he beer and head down the bar . 96 7/20/7 97 . kelli ann you can not hide it man . I know strung out and you be strung - out . alex please - kelli ann this be amazing . can not focus , right ? jumping every time you phone ring , check you email 100 time a day . wish you could write song . feeling the need to bring up she name in random conversation ... Alex stop at the office door . kelli ann ( cont 'd ) it 's always the same . and it have happen to you , my friend . trust I . Alex look at kelli Ann , she word settling in . alex shit . kelli Ann smile , and as she walk away - kelli ann welcome to my world asshole . Alex take this in , knowing she' right . int . ben' office - evening janine , now fully dress , hover by the door . Ben be back at he desk , eye on he computer . janine you sure I can not interest you in a little beef and broccoli ? I be treat . BEN I really gotta get this stuff do . janine be clearly flail . she start to go . janine ok . I will see you at home . I love you . she look at Ben . he have no choice . 97 7/20/7 98. BEN ( cover he anger ) I love you too . janine leave . as soon as she 's go , Ben get up , shut the office door - and go to the closet - when the door fly OPEN in he face - nearly smashing he . BEN ( cont 'd ) I have no choice . what be I suppose to do when she - anna you make I sick to my stomach . you be a disgusting excuse for a man - Anna pull she clothes back on in a FURY . BEN I do not want to do it , Anna . you know that it 's you I want to be with - he put out a hand to try to touch she . she recoil . anna be you kid I ? you will never lay a hand on I again . I may just be a piss poor girl from dundalk who work at a gym - but I be so too good for you . Anna storm out . int . gigi be apartment - night gigi sit on she couch , a pile of bill in she lap - most of which say late , overdue , etc . she 's on the phone . gigi dino , thank you again for let I pay over the phone . I assure you this late payment thing will never happen again . yep -- just try to trim some of the drama out of my life . a call waiting beep . gigi ( cont 'd ) that 's my other line . ok . b-bye . gigi click over . gigi ( cont 'd ) hello ? 98 7/20/7 99 . man ' voice hi , gigi . this be Bill . gigi ummm - bill Alex 's friend . we be suppose to meet up - but Alex tell I the wrong day . gigi let this sink in . gigi Bill . so you do exist . bill I do . and I would love to buy you dinner sometime if you be game . gigi yes. sure . why not ? she put on a smile . int . dundalk house - day Anna stand in the cluttere kitchen of she mom 's house . she write out a check , leave it on the counter . she look to the live room , where Maya sleep on the couch . she watch she for a second , struggle with a blanket , before head over to she . she crouch next to the couch , help she adjust the blanket . anna I be gonna go . I leave the check on the counter . it should at least get you through this month . Maya open she eye and look up at she , smile . maya thanks sweetie . I do not know what I would do without you . Maya close she eye again . Anna sit there , watch she . Anna 's eye start to fill with tear - quietly , she begin cry . Maya finally notice . maya ( cont 'd ) baby - what 's the matter ? Maya struggle to sit up and hug she . Anna sit next to she on the couch , still try to get it together . 99 7/20/7 100 . maya ( cont 'd ) be it money ? because you can take back the check if - anna no , it 's not that . I mean - yes , I be break - but it 's not that . it 's just - ( tear up again ) I be just so lose mom . I have be see this guy - who be exciting and amazing and thoroughly unavailable . I think he be - the one - but he turn out to be such a asshole . Maya nod , almost smile . anna ( cont 'd ) and then there 's - maya conor - anna yeah . who I be so horrible to . but he take it . and he 's - there . wait . but I just do not want to - I do not know - maya settle ? like you think I do ? Anna look at she mother , guilty . maya ( cont 'd ) well , you father and I have a glorious life together . anna be you kid ? all you talk about be the thing you do not do , the people you wish you could have be with , the Tim buckley - anything but the life you actually have . Maya look at she daughter . maya that be just dream Anna . Anna try to process this . maya ( cont 'd ) now true - I do not like you father at all when we meet . ( more ) 100 7/20/7 101 . maya ( cont 'd ) or after we get marry for that matter . but let I tell you this - life with he be a hell of a lot better than life be without he . Maya stand , walk slowly toward the kitchen . maya ( cont 'd ) there be worse thing in life than settling . anna like what ? maya like wishing you have . Anna consider this . int . anna's apartment - night Anna lay on she bed , stare at the ceiling . the doorbell ring , Anna get up to answer it . almost as soon as she turn the knob , conor be stand in the middle of she studio apartment . he be all amp up . anna hey , sweetie . she reach up to give he a hug , he do not go for it . conor see , why do you call I sweetie ? Anna look confuse . anna because we always call each other that . conor why ? Anna do not have a answer for that . conor ( cont 'd ) I want to say something , ok ? I mean , we call each other sweetie , and we fall asleep on the phone after talk for hour and I wash you hair for you after you have that shoulder surgery and everything - it 's like we be together . 101 7/20/7 102. anna I know that I - conor let I finish . maybe it 's my fault . maybe I have not be clear about what I want . so let I be clear . I love hang out , but I be so attract to you , and I just - I want both . I want to make love to you . I know that sound kind of embarrassing come out of my mouth - I just freak myself out , too - but it 's true . and I be not sure what happen , or why we stop - but I do not really care . I just -- anna ok . conor be stunned . conor what ? anna ok . conor I be talk about really do this . like a full - on relationship . anna right . conor with I . she laugh . anna yes . conor do a bunch of gay people put you up to this ? anna please stop talk . he do . they kiss . 102 7/20/7 103. int . anna's apartment - bedroom - later conor sleep peacefully with he limb wrap around Anna . Anna lay on she back , eye wide open , staring at the ceiling . she 's clearly not at peace . int . potomac house - den - day all of Beth 's sister 's spouse - Steven , Devon and George - sit on the couch watch basketball . devon shit ! take he out . he 's do . GEORGE Jesus . this be not some exhibition game . Beth come downstairs , with another set of dirty dish , and walk past they to the kitchen . the guy be annoyed that she block they view . steven could you -- beth do anyone have time to run to the store ? GEORGE Nah , we be good . we just get drive through . beth I do not mean for you . Beth , annoyed , go into the kitchen . she put down the dish in shock . the kitchen be spotless . she look to the sink and see the back of a man , do the last of the dish . he turn around . it 's neil . neil the dish be all put away . there 's a load of laundry still drying , but the other one be fold on top of the washer . he go to the fridge , and open it . it 's stocked . neil ( cont 'd ) I remember what you dad like , but I try to get healthy stuff , too . Beth just look at Neil , stunne . 103 7/20/7 104 . neil ( cont 'd ) Ben tell I . I just - I want to help . with that , tear start to roll out of Beth 's eye . Neil go to she , and put he arm around she . neil ( cont 'd ) I know how much you love he . but it 's gonna be ok . ext . highlandtown house - late afternoon janine pull up in she land Rover and get out . as she approach the house , she stop in she track . all the scaffolding be gone . the house look beautiful . she whip out she cell phone and dial . janine javier - do this mean what I think it mean ? so when you say " do " - you do not mean " we still need plumbing in the upstairs bathroom do " - you mean " do do " ?... wow - you be amazing ... ok ... I will call when I see it ... bye . she hang up the phone , steel herself , and walk inside . int . highlandtown house - same as janine enter - she can not believe she eye . various shot as janine walk from room to room - amaze . where there once be plastic sheet there be now wall with vintage wall paper . all the floor be immaculate , the chandelier sparkle - it 's all perfect . she walk down hall and up staircase , past end table and mantle - all cover with picture of her and BEN . Nice and tasteful . she end she tour in the master suite - it 's huge . and though full of furniture , the longer she stand there , the more empty it begin to seem . her face transition , from delight to loneliness , within a matter of second . she take out she cell phone , hesitates , then dial ... ext . meadow mill athletic club - same close on : a lit cigarette . a long drag be taken . 104 7/20/7 105 . CUT wide to reveal : Ben sit on a ledge in front of the gym , smoking a cigarette , watch the passersby . he 's clearly wait for Anna to arrive . his phone ring . he look at it - janine calling . he ignore the call , take another drag of he cigarette . int . highlandtown house - bedroom - same with janine as the call go to voice mail . she hang up , confuse . she sit on the edge of the bed , look around the room , not sure what to do with herself . she notice a pair of pants and jacket throw over a chair - go to tidy it up . she pick up the jacket , check the pocket , they be empty . she grab the pants , take they both to the walk - in closet . she hang up the jacket . and as she fold the pants over - she hear something hit the ground . she look down to find - a pack of cigarettes . her face pale . she stare at it - immobile . her face tighten , she eye well up . janine you lying sack of shit ! - as she grab two armful of he clothes off the rack and fly out of the closet . staircase - she hurtle down the stair , throw armful of clothes into the foyer . then , she survey the scene and , not satisfied , rush back up the stair . hallway - as she fly back into the bedroom , she see herself in the antique mirror hang in the hallway . without even think she grab it from the wall and smashes it on the ground . she stand over it , breathe heavily , look at the shattered glass . she exit frame and we hear she walk down the stair , the camera holding on the empty wall . after a beat we hear she walk back up the stair - she enter frame again hold a dustpan and broom . she kneel over and begin sweeping up she mess . int . boat - day Neil lie on the bed , read . the room be pretty messy - a lot of clothes strewn around . there be a knock at the door . Neil get up to answer it . it 's Beth . 105 7/20/7 106 . neil hey . beth it 's be a while since I have be here . turn out - that boat in the next moor , look like yours -- not yours . neil oh no . beth no , it 's no problem . Nice guy . invite I in for a white wine spritzer . not sure he get a lot of visitor . Neil laugh . beth ( cont 'd ) can I come in ? Neil usher she in , shut the door . Beth look around . beth ( cont 'd ) I want to thank you . for come by my folk ' house . neil of course . I really care about you dad . and I really love you . even if I can not give you what you want . beth you be what I want . Neil look at she - unsure of she meaning . beth ( cont 'd ) we life together be what I want . you love be what I want . do you see that guy my sister be marry to ? you be a better husband to I - without be marry - than any of that real husband will ever be . and that 's enough for I . neil and you would really be ok if we take the marriage thing off the table ? beth if you promise to love I and be commit to I - 106 7/20/7 107 . neil I always have - beth wait , I be not do . and snake the shower drain when my hair clog it , and let I eat wheat thins in bed . neil I do . Beth smile . they kiss . neil ( cont 'd ) so , I get to move back in ? beth I guess . but , you can not bring that . she point to he pants - a raggedy pair of cargo pant . neil what ? you be just mad at I , and you be take it out on the pants . beth look , I gotta win something . I let you win the big battle , so throw I a bone . neil ok . we be not get marry , but I be chuck the pants . beth great . we both win . they kiss again . int . gigi be apartment - late afternoon gigi sit on she bed , head flung upside down , blow drying she hair . the phone ring but gigi do not hear it . int . red maple - office - same Alex , in he office , pace as he talk into the phone . alex hey , gigi . it 's Alex . I be just wonder how you be do . it 's be a little while since we have talk -- and I be wonder how you be do . 107 7/20/7 108. Alex look up . tyrone be watch he , shaking he head . Alex motion for tyrone to leave . he do not . alex ( cont 'd ) anyway , I be hope to talk to you . obviously . but you be out . so , call I . sometime . or tonight . I be around . ok . that 's enough now . it 's Alex . he hang up . tyrone be unimpress . tyrone dude . alex I know . I know . int . gigi be apartment - same gigi flip she head back - oblivious to the phone call - and check she hair . she head out of the bedroom . ext . rowhouse - late afternoon conor and Anna climb the stair of a three story row house . a " for sale " sign be outside . anna you seriously get a ton of people bid on this ? conor I know it 's crazy . but it 's a neighborhood " in transition . " anna so that mean what - that hip gay people want to live out here ? conor yeah . hip gay people , young couple , young family . conor smile as Anna head into the house . int . rowhouse - continuous anna weird - it totally remind I of the house I grow up in . I bet there be a - Anna go into a little nook off of the kitchen . and pull down a built in ironing board . 108 7/20/7 109 . anna ( cont 'd ) we totally have this same thing . my mom would use this as she ' desk ' . be not that bizarre ? it be always cover with she little coupon and stuff . Anna look up to conor , who be just watch she . anna ( cont 'd ) so , when do all the fabulous homosexual couple start arrive ? conor well , the open house be tomorrow . but I have this one buyer . I mean , I want to see if he girlfriend like it first - anna his girlfriend ? conor I mean , I have this idea - conor look - all of a sudden - to be sweat . anna a idea for the open house ? conor no , a idea . for this house . for - I . to buy . and hopefully , if you like it and thing continue to - you know ... Anna turn to face conor , try to put this together . conor ( cont 'd ) Anna , look . I have a plan . I know where my life be go . and I want you to go with I . I mean - I be not say you have to move in now or anything - I just - I do not want to buy a place that you could not - at some point - see yourself move into . conor take she hand in he . Anna start to panic . conor ( cont 'd ) so what do you think ? I mean gut reaction . I always go with my gut when it come to real estate or --- 109 7/20/7 110. Anna look at he . and at the pull down ironing board . she look at the irone board a long time , before turn back to conor , hold back tear . anna I can not do this conor . conor ok . if it 's too fast - anna no. I mean this . any of this . what you be say - what you be offer - be what every girl want . it 's what I have always want . it 's just - Anna look at he for a long time , not know how to say this . conor look at she , struggle , and suddenly see it in she face . the answer he 's be look for . it all dawns on he in a instant . conor you do not want it with I . Anna nods sadly . conor take this in . a long beat . conor ( cont 'd ) so , I have a question . anna okay . conor be it too late to dial it back to before - and just keep sleep together ? Anna laugh , and it break the tension . conor smile . conor ( cont 'd ) because I think that really - you know - gell . Anna go to conor and hug he . ext . phillip - night you standard waterfront seafood restaurant . gigi sit across from bill , nice look , if a bit conservative . gigi so , Alex tell I you work in finance . 110 7/20/7 111. bill yes . yes , I do . Finance . a long pause . gigi this be nice . bill it be . gigi a nice evening . and you plan it . and call I when you say you would . and show up on time . thank you , Bill . bill you be very welcome . another awkward long silence . gigi smile . int . alex' apartment - night Alex now seem pretty agitate . he 's shirtless , he hair 's a disaster . he 's hold he phone handset . stare at it . he can not stop himself . he dial . gigi ( v.o. ) hey it 's gigi . you have reach my cell . I be either have a very good time or in a meeting - either way just leave a message and -- Alex hang up . he stand there for a second , think . then he run into he bedroom like a madman . int . gigi' apartment hallway - night gigi and Bill stand awkwardly outside she door . gigi it be nice meeting you . bill thank you for a lovely evening . gigi you , too . Bill reach out for a ill time hug . it 's awkward . gigi ( cont 'd ) goodnight . 111 7/20/7 112. int . gigi be apartment - night she come inside , drop she stuff and sit on the couch . then , a knock on the door . gigi reluctantly get up . gigi do you forget something ? she open the door . it 's not Bill . it 's alex . alex yeah . I do . gigi really ? what do you forget ? alex this . Alex reach into he pocket and pull out a pen . the same pen that gigi pretended to be returning to conor . gigi try , without success , to suppress a smile . fade out . int . the owl bar - night a speakeasy from the 1900s that have not change much . a piano start to play on a tiny stage - empty . and then - a terrify but determine Anna take she place in front of the mic . and begin to sing . it 's a " the last goodbye " by jeff buckley - barely recognizable - more of a torch song . as she sing , she begin to gain confidence . we hear the song over : int . westside loft - day Beth and Neil 's place . Neil come in hold a few messily packed box . he be clearly move back in . neil how do all this stuff fit in here fine before ? Beth come in after he , hold some of he clothes . beth I do not know . it expand . Neil collapse on the couch . Beth sit next to he , a pile of clothes on she lap . she look down and laugh . 112 7/20/7 113. beth ( cont 'd ) no you be not try to bring this back in here - Beth hold the cargo pant that she protest before . neil what ? I have no idea what you be - beth we have a deal . this be not stay . neil that 's really gonna free up a lot of space . beth they be go . I have a bag I be take to the goodwill . Neil watch she , smile , as she walk across the room . neil okay , okay . you win . just check to make sure there 's nothing in the pocket before we give they away . Beth dutifully put she hand in the pocket . and then she feel something . her face register curiosity as she pull out - a black velvet ring BOX . Beth look at it , and when she look up - Neil 's down on one knee . neil ( cont 'd ) I love you so much . so much . I want to make you happy . I need to make you happy for I to even have a shot at be happy , too . tear stream down Beth 's face . Neil pop open the box , revealing a engagement ring . neil ( cont 'd ) will you marry I ? Neil get up and kiss her . they kiss , passionately , for a long moment . and then : beth yes . of course , yes . int . gigi be apartment - night gigi and Alex stand in she entry . she hold the pen . 113 7/20/7 114. gigi you come all the way here - at 11 at night - to give I back a promotional pen ? alex I think I better come up with some excuse to get over here . be not that how it 's do ? gigi sometimes . Alex look at gigi for a long moment . he look nervous . alex look , I can not stop think about you . I drive by you place . I call and hang up . I be turn into - gigi me. he laugh . alex yeah . gigi well , a wise person once tell I that if a guy want to be with a girl , he will make it happen . no matter what . alex true . gigi hmmm . because when I be hurl my body onto yours - you do not seem to want to " make it happen . " alex here 's the thing about that . you be right . I have get so use to keep myself at a safe distance from this woman , have the power - that I do not know what it feel like when I actually - fall - for one of they . gigi consider this . 114 7/20/7 115. gigi look , I have just be out with you friend Bill . and it just might be exactly what I need . no drama . he call . he do what he say . alex I could do that stuff too . gigi but you do not . and that same wise person tell I that I be the rule . that I have to stop think that every guy will change - stop think that I will be the -- but before she can finish she sentence , Alex kiss her . a long , slow , passionate kiss . gigi ( cont 'd ) - that I will be the exception . Alex look at she . alex you be my exception . they continue to kiss . ext . gay pride parade - night a staple of summer in Baltimore . the rickety Baltimore blade float come by . it 's a very phallic " blade " with a a bunch of young shirtless men dance and wave . Mary ride the float , too , wave to the crowd with Nathan , joshua and Bruce . conor , with a nattily dressed gay couple , stand on the street watch . Nathan call down from the float . nathan Jonathan ? nattily dressed gay what be you guy do up there ? nathan Dancing . get you ass up here . with that , the two nattily dress gay grab conor , and climb up onto the float . they shout over the music . 115 7/20/7 116. nattily dressed gay this be conor . he just sell we on the most amazing duplex in mt. Vernon . mary hey , conor . I be Mary . conor look at Mary and smile . all of the gay man around they start to dance . like really , really dance . mary ( cont 'd ) it 's so great to finally meet you in person . conor you , too . they look at each other . be there a connection ? conor ( cont 'd ) would you like to dance ? mary I would love to . conor take she hand - and the two of they do a old fashioned slow dance on the float . as everyone freak around they , they smile and dance in each other ' arm . ext . highlandtown house - night Ben walk into the house and look around - no janine . as he head to the stair , he stop in he track . at the bottom of the stair - all of he clothes be stack , neatly fold into pile . he approach , then see a carton of cigarettes on top of one pile - BEN shit ... - and a note tape onto the carton : BEN - knock yourself out . - janine p.s. I want a divorce . Ben slump down , devastate . dissolve to : ext . harbor - day a beautiful sunny day on the harbor . Anna 's song fade out , and the sound of gigi 's voice fade up . 116 7/20/7 117. gigi ( v.o. ) Girls be teach a lot of stuff grow up . if a guy punch you , he like you . never try to trim you own bang . ext . boat - day out on the sparkling water , Neil 's boat . as we get closer , we see garland on the rail , on the bough . even closer and we see - Beth on the arm of she father . he escort she down a mini aisle . on the bough of the boat - be a tiny wedding . about six guest . and Neil , wait for Beth at the altar . gigi ( v.o. ) and someday you will meet a wonderful guy and get you very own happy end . int . mary apartment - day Mary sit at she desk , type on she laptop . on the screen : mary myspace profile . gigi ( v.o. ) every movie we see , every story we be tell , implore we to wait for it . the third act twist ... the man who could not get it together finally figure it out ... the unexpected declaration of love ... Mary hit a button and a box come up , which read : be you sure you want to delete this myspace profile ? Mary click " yes " . myspace profile deleted appear . then , a knock on the door . Mary get up , grab she little purse , and open the door . it's conor . Mary smile , she face barely able to contain she happiness . int . gigi be apartment - day gigi and Alex sit close on she couch , watch a movie . gigi ( v.o. ) ... the exception to the rule . we pan over to the tv to find that they be watch : some kind of wonderful . watt and keith finally kiss . gigi can not suppress she smile as Alex pull she close . gigi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what we be not teach be how to read the sign . 117 7/20/7 118. int . eddie' of roland park - day Ben head to the checkout line - hold a six pack of beer and a bag of chip . as he 's about to put he stuff down , a pretty girl get in line behind he . gigi ( v.o. ) how to tell the one who want we from the one who do not . the one 's who will stay from the one 's who will leave . he let she go ahead of he . she smile , take he up on it . the cashier ring she up , she pay for she stuff , without give Ben so much as a look . Ben give he stuff to the cashier , along with a weak smile . ext . butcher' hill brownstone - evening from the outside look in a ground floor window - we can see the live room of the lower apartment . box fill the room - clearly a new tenant move in . janine enter , carry two box . she open one , and pull out the antique mirror ( now with new glass ) . gigi ( v.o. ) and ultimately , we be not teach the one thing that could save ourselves , we friend , we family countless hour of confusion , despair , and speculation . she hang the mirror , straighten it slightly . she step back , seem pleased . then , in front of camera walk two people - the camera follows they down the sidewalk . we see it 's Anna , walk with a new guy - it 's clear it 's a first date . they stop at the corner , exchange a awkward hug . as they turn to go they separate way - new guy it be nice meeting you . Anna smile - the New guy turn and head off . Anna watch he go , and then turn and walk away from we . gigi ( v.o. ) that sometimes the happy end ... be just move on . Anna walk down the hill , the skyline of Baltimore in front of she . the end