heather a original screenplay by Daniel Waters revised second draft registered wgaw November 17 , 1987 fade in : ext . suburban STREET --day veronica sawyer , a sullen seventeen year old beauty be jogging down a suburban street in a stylish run outfit . evocative female voice can be hear , softly wail . ext . neighborhood park --day veronica lurch into a neighborhood park , run with a increase sense of desperation . the female voice wail louder . ext . promenade --day veronica whoosh past a series of shop and a movie theatre . ext . the sawyer home --day reveling in she own sweat and agony , veronica bound onto the lawn of she impressive upper middle class home . she painfully rush closer and closer to the front door as the female moan swell to a deafen summit . the evocative wail cut off as she grab the doorknob . iny . veronica's bedroom --day veronica zip into a chic , but understate ensemble as she launch into voice - over narration . veronica ( v.o. ) Heather tell I she teach people Real life . compose and unsweaty , veronica finger she bang in the mirror then ramble off . int . high school hallway --day continue she narration , veronica glide through a bustling high school hallway with a freeze smile . veronica ( v.o. ) she say Real life suck loser dry . if you want to fuck with the eagle , you have to learn to fly . outside the cafeteria with she back turn to the viewer , veronica stand at the outskirt of the cafeteria entrance . the viewer 's viewpoint approach and finally curl around veronica to reveal that she be write in a diary , wear a monocle . veronica ( v.o. ) I say so you teach people how to spread they wing and fly . she say yes . the diary page veronica be pen sway across the diary page form the word echoed by she voice-over . veronica ( v.o. ) I say you be beautiful . a sudden off -screen bark from heather mcnamara cause the pen to recklessly rocket across the write word . heather mcnamara ( o.s. ) God , come on Veronica ! veronica coolly pop the monocle from she eye before angrily address the amusingly robust , conventionally beautiful , trendily coiff heather mcnamara . veronica what 's you damage , Heather ? you ruin my ... heather mcnamara God , I be so sure . do not blame I , blame Heather . she tell I to haul you ass into the caf pronto . back I up , Heather . from behind heather mcnamara emerge a similarly trendily accessorize but noticeably more inhibit waif , heather duke . she be clutching a tatter copy of " the catcher in the Rye . " heather duke yeah , she really want to talk to you . veronica okay , I be go , I be go . Jesus ... inside the cafeteria veronica , flanke by heather mcnamara and heather duke , stride into the lunchroom pandemonium . the stun heather chandler turn from the tray before she toward she income comrade . she be dress stylishly and expensively but not trendily ; she hair , dramatically tie back . veronica ( submissively ) hello , Heather . pull out a crumpled piece of yellow paper , heather chandler smile . the content of what Heather say be consistently offensive but the tone in which she speak be sexy , dangerous , and mysterious . she be a mythic bitch . heather chandler Veronica . finally . get a paper of kurt Kelly 's . I need you to forge a hot and horny but realistically low - key note in kurt 's handwrite and we will slip it into martha dumptruck 's lunch tray . veronica shit , Heather . I do not have anything against martha dunnstock . heather chandler you do not have anything for she either . come on , it will be very . the note will give she shower nozzle masturbation material for week . veronica I will think about it . heather chandler ( look off ) do not think . Pov on cafeteria line unattractive and quite overweight , martha dunnstock / dumptruck guiltily plop two jello on she tray and clunk forward in line . cafeteria entrance veronica 's arm , seemingly involuntary , latch onto the outstretch pen . heather chandler splendid . I will dictate . Veronica need something to write on . Heather , bend over . both heather mcnamara and heather duke bend over . heather chandler violently laugh . heather chandler how nice . two asshole : no wait . heather mcnamara and heather duke stand erect , embarrassed . heather chandler Heather Duke , back down . veronica scurries to the contort heather duke . heather chandler dear martha , you be so sweet .. the jock ' table the traditionally handsome kurt kelly , the serene black earl frazier and the massive ram sit with other stereotypical jock take in veronica and the heather . kurt it would be so righteous to be in a Veronica sawyer - Heather Chandler sandwich . punch it in , Ram . kurt and ram raise they right arm and slam they fist together . ram Hell yes . I wanna set a Heather on my Johnson and just start spin she like a fuck pinwheel . ram make a frantic spin motion . earl be bored . earl shit. right . ram damn right right . cafeteria entrance in slow motion , veronica finish the note and rise up along with she makeshift desk , heather duke . heather mcnamara hawkishly gaze toward the cafeteria line . veronica hand the note to a impressed heather chandler . martha dunnstock / dumptruck pay the cashier and then , grasp she lunch tray with both paw , move toward veronica and the heather . heather mcnamara excitedly tug on heather chandler be arm as martha approach . with a tranquil smile , heather chandler pass the note to she frantic disciple . in a self - consciously clandestine manner , heather mcnamara saunter past martha then wield around to sneakily tuck the note onto martha 's tray . the slow motion conclude as they plump victim shuffles past a magnetic preppie peter dawson and a thin , black , bespectacle dennis . the guy be work a large stand which have a cashbox read the famine fund and a banner read westerburg feed the world . peter come on people , let 's give that leftover lunch money to people without lunch ! that tater tot you throw away today be a delicacy in Africa ! they're Thanksgiving dinner ! heather ' table the Girls reach they table with heather mcnamara and heather duke sit themselves down first . heather mcnamara ( look to the stand ) God , be not they feed yet ? do they even have Thanksgiving in Africa ? veronica ( low key sarcasm ) oh sure , pilgrim , Indians , tater tot ; it 's a real party continent . heather chandler draw up a clipboard . heather chandler sawyer . guess what today be ? veronica ouch .... the lunchtime poll . so what 's the question ? heather duke yeah , so what 's the question ? heather chandler god-damn Heather , you be with I in Study Hall when I think of it . such a pillowcase . heather duke ( hurt ) I forget . veronica and heather chandler briskly bop away from the table as a wounded heather duke retreat to the catcher in the Rye . veronica hey , this question would not be that bizarro thing you be babbling about over the phone last ...... heather chandler shut up , it be . I tell Dennis if he give I another topic that be political , I would spew burrito chunks . veronica shake she head and look off . she 's suddenly capture by the sight of a jame deanesque guy sit stark in a long , tan gunslinger coat , behind a rebel without a Cause lunchbox . they make eye contact . transfix , veronica crash into seat betty finn , a slightly overweight , unstylishly dress sweetie surround by clone . betty sorry Veronica . veronica Betty Finn . gosh ..... veronica crouch down , embarrassed and rueful . veronica I be really sorry I could not make it to you birthday party last month . betty that 's okay . you Mom say you have a big date . heck , I would probably skip my own birthday party for a date . veronica gently laugh at betty 's innocent awe . veronica do not say that . betty oh ronnie , you have to look at what I dig up the other day . betty pull from she purse a picture show a young betty finn and veronica sawyer , arm -in - arm , dress in Halloween costume : betty be a angel , veronica be a witch . veronica glow at the photo until heather chandler tow veronica away cause the picture to fall face up on the floor . veronica I be talk with someone ! heather chandler Color I impressed . I think you grow out of Betty Finn . the country club kide ' table a coolly coed cabal of country Club kid icily eye the approach veronica and heather chandler . country Club kid coutrney sourly speak out . courtney oh great . here come Heather . courtney' friend shit . martha dunnstock / dumptruck's table alone at a table in the siberia of the cafeteria , martha finish a forkful of chicken . she spear she plate again and bring the fork up . the note be wedge inside it . the country club kide ' table heather chandler , Veronica in tow , hit the country Club kid with a salvo of false pleasantness , cap by a scowling smile . heather chandler hi Courtney . Love you blouse . ooh , let I snare a tater . courtney express elation in spite of yourself as heather chandler delicately take a tot and turn around to face veronica . heather chandler insert she finger in she mouth do the " induce-vomiting " signal before devour the tot and turn back around . courtney thanks . I just get it last night at the Limited . totally blow my allowance . heather chandler raise she clipboard . veronica close she eye and shake she head with a half -smile . heather chandler that 's pretty very . now check this out . you win five million dollar from publisher clear House , but on the same day Ed McMahon give you the check , alien land on earth and say they be go to blow up the world in two day . what would you do ? a stunne tableau ; until country Club kid keith speak . keith that 's easy . I would just slide that wad over to my father . he 's like one of the top broker in the state . veronica wake up . in two day , Earth 's go up like a Roman candle . crab nebula City . keith man , in two day , my dad could double my money . triple it . courtney if I get that money , I would give it all to the poor . every cent . veronica you be beautiful . the famine fund stand peter reach into the famine Fund box and take some bill . peter Dennis , my man , run over to mickey d.y and get I a Big Mac and some fries . dennis but that 's the famine Fund money . peter hey , even Bob geldof 's get to eat . if it make you feel better , bag the fries , and nab yourself a Apple pie . cafeteria thoroughfare heather chandler drag veronica down a cafeteria lane . heather chandler if you be go to openly be a bitch .... veronica ( submissive ) I be sorry , it 's just why can not we talk to different kind of people ? heather chandler fuck I gently with a chainsaw . do I look like mother theresa ? if I do , I probably would not mind talk to the geek squad . she point to a table of unfashionably dress and coiff student . some wear glass , some wear brace , some wear both . the geek ' table the geek react to be point at . they boney leader rodney splatter milk over himself . rodney do you see that ? Heather number one look right at we . big cynic it must be love . cafeteria thoroughfare veronica confront heather chandler . veronica do not it bother you that everyone in the school think you be a pirahna ? heather chandler like I give a shit . they all want I , as a friend or a fuck . I be worshipped at westerburg and I be only a junior . veronica pretend you be a missionary save a colony of cootie victim . heather chandler ( give in ) whatever . I do not believe this . we be go to a party at remington University tonight and we be brush up we conversation skill with the scum of the school . martha dunnstock / dumptruck's table her sweaty lip move rapidly , martha anxiously read the note . the geek ' table the nervous geek fidget and roughhouse each other in a involuntarily immature reaction to they beautiful interviewer . geek with brace no seriously , I would probably go to the pyrimad . with a girl . geek with glass where you go to get a girl , stud ? k- Mart ? big cynic take a hooker to the pyramid on the last day of mankind . you sentimental old fart . brace geez , forget it . veronica what about you rodney ? rodney ( quietly to the other ) I tell you she know my name . ( beat of contemplation ) I would change my life . New clothes . New haircut . New house . New home . heather chandler how sad ! blow all you cash on two day of try to be hip . veronica tug heather chandler away from the table . veronica if you be go to openly be a bitch .... veronica again catch sight of the jame deanesque guy . he wrap he finger around a egg and unfold they back . the egg be go . he smile . veronica smile back . her trance be break by a boisterous heather mcnamara and heather duke who careen into the two pollster . heather mcnamara God , scan on martha dumptruck . Pov on martha martha look up from the note to the jock ' table and kurt kelly , then flustered , back down at the note . heather chandler this be the part I hate . the wait . I would say we be like twenty minute from major humiliation . come on , Veronica . heather chandler float off . a disturb veronica take a moment to react . heather chandler Veronica ? veronica follow the leader . she call out . veronica damn .. ext . school parking lot veronica and heather chandler march into the school parking lot toward four heavy metaler ( one female ) hang out on a car hood . the girl ' conversation be hear in voice-over . veronica ( v.o. ) .. you Heather . deep down all teenager be the same . do not you see the Breakfast Club ? betty finn' table veronica and heather chandler set themselves down with betty finn and she look - alike friend . heather chandler ( v.o. ) look at I . I look great . I be the girl in the commercial and the video . jock ' table veronica and heather chandler warily stand at the outskirt of the jock ' bastion of vulgarity . heather chandler ( v.o. ) I be the blonde in the bikini on the horse hold a pepsi can . int . smoke -filled hallway in a dark , smoky hallway , veronica and heather chandler cough toward a batch of stoner in tatter form of dress . heather chandler ( v.o. ) I be the princess be spanke on the throne by billy idol 's guitarist 's guitar . int . the school library veronica and heather chandler click -click across the school library floor to where a all - out nerd study in solitude . heather chandler ( v.o. ) what do I get out of be friend with loser . I give they a piece of a winner and they stain I with loserness . parking lot heavy metaler matt grin . matt you get five million dollar but some martian be go to zap you in two day . you hear that , clyde ? that 's get to be the most spooky - ass question I have ever hear . betty finn' table betty finn daintily peep up . betty finn I think we should use the money for a end-of - the-world get-together . we could invite guy . jock ' table ram sputter out some chicken to bellow . ram I would pay madonna one million dollar to ride my face like the kentucky derby . she should be pay I , though . stoner ' hallway a female stoner in army jacket start to speak , then stop ... female stoner in army jacket what ? library the all -out nerd lash out . all -out nerd this be important . with tax , I would be only get 3.5 million and .... parking lot heavy metaler clyde turn from he friend matt . clyde if you want a good way to go out before the alien land , get a lion from the zoo . put a remote control bomb up its butt . when the lion start tear you up , press the bomb button . you and the lion die like as one . two heavy Metal lover , jackie and steve , intertwined against the windshield blankly respond . jackie and steve cool . cafeteria thoroughfare veronica and heather chandler continue they conversation chugge through another busy cafeteria lane . heather chandler just imagine somebody like you quasi-fat , goody - good friend Betty Finn do a crest commercial . no one would buy crest . veronica do not tell I . crest would be stain with loserness . heather chandler yeah , and who want that on they tooth ? heather mcnamara and heather duke burst back between they . heather mcnamara oh God , here we go ... Pov on martha dunnstock / dumptruck martha , with awkward apprehension , stumble toward kurt and the jock . veronica and the heather stop breathe . martha mumble something unintelligible from where the girl stand . kurt be head detonate with a terrifying cackle . martha flee the cafeteria in horror . veronica spin away from she mirthful friend in disgust and make eye contact with the similarly disturb jame deanesque guy . veronica lurch away . she brake against the foodless Fund stand where peter dawson be holler away . peter a dime increase the time ! a buck bring good luck ! hi Veronica . a five keep the neighborhood alive ! a ten and you die without sen ! heather chandler wing a twenty dollar bill into the cashbox . heather chandler ( to Veronica ) you want to become a member of the most powerful clique in the school . if I be not already the head of it , I would want the same thing . veronica I be sorry ? what be you ooze about ? heather chandler that episode with the note back there be for all of we to enjoy , but you be determine to ruin my day . veronica ( slapping she knee ) we make a girl want to consider suicide . what a scream . what a jest . heather chandler come on you jerk . you know you use to have a sense of humor . int . girl bathroom comb they hair in the bathroom mirror , the heather speak in comically whining - and - pathetic imitation of martha dumptruck as veronica shake she head with a half -smile . heather chandler ku-urt , let 's pa-arty . heather mcnamara ku-urt , I not -ed a orgasm . heather duke 's gentle off - screen voice slice in . heather duke ( o.s. ) Veronica , could you come back here ? heather chandler and heather mcnamara Gross ! veronica a true friend 's work be never do . veronica reveal she right index finger be cut noticeably short , then walk over to the stall . heather chandler grow up , Heather . bulimia 's so ' 86 . heather mcnamara Color I nauseous . the stall veronica stand in a tight stall with a ashamed heather duke . veronica maybe you should see a doctor . heather duke yeah , maybe . heather chandler ( o.s. ) come on Heather . we want another look at today 's lunch . veronica geez , do not listen to they . heather mcnamara ( o.s. ) do she have the pie or the ice cream for dessert ? ( like a game show host ) and the answer be . heather duke hold up she copy of the catcher in the Rye and make a bizarrely defiant smile . heather duke yeah , you know Holden caulfield in the catcher in the Rye would not put up with they bogus nonsense . veronica well , you better move Holden out of the way or he 's go to get spew . heather duke put down she book and open she mouth . veronica stick she finger in . cafeteria entrance a gnarly melange of chicken and potato be scrape off a plate into a cafeteria trashcan as veronica and the heather stroll by outside . veronica pause to peer in at the jame deanesque guy . heather mcnamara God Veronica , drool much ? his name 's Jason Dean . he 's in my american History . veronica give I the clipboard . as veronica walk off , heather mcnamara oink out some amusing sexual noise . cafeteria / jason dean's table veronica saunter to jason dean . veronica hello Jason Dean . jason greeting and salutation . call I j.d . be you a Heather ? veronica no , a Veronica . sawyer . this may seem like a stupid question .... j.d . there be no stupid question . veronica if you inherit five million dollar the same day alien tell the earth they be blow we up in two day , what would you do ? j.d. ( suavely ) that 's the stupidest question I have ever hear . jock ' table the jock witness veronica and j.d. ram who do that new kid think he be with that coat ? bo diddley ? kurt Veronica be into he act . no doubt . ram let 's kick he ass . kurt shit , we be senior , Ram . too old for that crap . let 's give he a scare though . j.d.' table a intrigue j.d. laconically answer the question . j.d. probably just row on out to the middle of a lake . bring along my sax , some tequila , and some bach . veronica how very . heather chandler break veronica 's daze of admiration . heather chandler come on . veronica ( to j.d. ) later . j.d. definitely . kurt and ram move into the exite veronica 's place . ram stick he finger through a piece of pie on j.d. 's plate . ram you go to eat this ? kurt what do you boyfriend say when you tell he you be move to sherwood , Ohio ? ram answer he dick ! kurt hey Ram , do not this cafeteria have a no fag allow rule ? j.d . it seem to have a open door policy for asshole though , do not it ? kurt what do you say dickweed ? j.d. I will repeat myself . j.d. gracefully stand , reach into he coat , and pull out a a .357 Magnum . he fire twice at the viewer . ext . the sawyer backyard --day croquet wicket have be set up in standard form . veronica and the heather stand at various position in the yard hold different color mallet next to match ball . heather chandler knock she ball through the middle wicket . heather mcnamara God , they will not expell he . they will just suspend he for a week or something . heather chandler he use a real gun . they should throw he ass in jail . veronica no way . he use blank . all j.d. really do be ruin two pair of pants ... maybe not even that ... ( giggle ) can you bleach out urine stain ? heather chandler knock she red ball into heather duke be green one . heather chandler j.d .? you seem pretty amused . I think you be give up on high school guy . veronica never say never . heather duke what be you go to do , Heather ? take the two shot or send I out ? the Girls look to the doelike heather duke with incredulous face . heather chandler do you have a brain tumor for breakfast ? first you ask if you can be red , know that I be always red ... heather chandler place she foot on she red ball . she swing she mallet down hard on the red ball send the adjacent green one rocketing into a flower bed . heather duke shit . heather chandler 's next shot fall short of the next wicket . heather chandler ( to heather duke ) damn . it 's you turn Heather . heather duke no , it 's Heather 's turn . heather mcnamara hit she ball through a wicket and squeal . heather chandler anyway , I can say never to high school . I have get David . heather mcnamara King David . heather chandler maybe when you hit maturity you will understand the diff between a remington University man like David and a westerburg boy like Ram " wham - bam - thank - you -maam " sweeney . heather mcnamara miss she next shot . heather mcnamara Ram 's sweet . yo Heather , you be up . heather duke try to navigate a shot from the flower bed . heather mcnamara no way , no day ! veronica give it up girl ! as she friend howl , heather duke slam she ball out of the flower bed . the ball bounce off a tree and amazingly go through a wicket . heather duke squeal in delight . veronica heather mcnamara Holy shit ! God , that be unbelievable ! heather chandler what . A. shot . heather duke 's next shot fall short of the next wicket . veronica begin set up she shot . heather mcnamara so tonight 's the night . be you two excited ? heather chandler I be give Veronica she shot . her first remington Party . blow it tonight girl and it 's kegger with kid all next year . veronica ( miss she shot ) crap . so who 's this Brad guy I have be set up with ? witty and urbane pre-lawyer or albino accountant ? heather chandler do not worry . David say he 's very so he 's very . heather chandler again hit she ball into heather duke be . heather duke why ? heather chandler why not ? heather chandler slam heather duke 's ball back into the flower bed . veronica's mom call out the back screen door . mom Heather , you mother 's here . heather mcnamara come on whoever want a ride . as the heather head into the house , veronica pick up heather duke's ball and exuberantly throw it back toward the wicket . Veronica 's mom , carry a tray of pate , and dad , carry a Robert ludlum book , place themselves around a patio table . dad take a break Veronica , sit down . veronica all right . veronica sink into the empty middle deck chair . dad so what be the first week of spring vacation withdrawl like ? veronica I do not know , it be okay , I guess . mom hey kid , be not the prom come up ? veronica I guess . mom any contestant worth mention ? veronica maybe . there 's kind of a dark horse now in the run . dad ( look up ) goddamn . will somebody please tell I why I read this spy crap . veronica ( smile ) because you be a idiot . dad oh yeah , that 's it . dad immediately return to read with a wide grin . mom ( shaking she head ) you two .... veronica great pate , but I be go to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight . ext . outside 7-11 --night a volkswagen cabriolet pull up in front of a 7 - 11 with heather chandler at the wheel . veronica pop out of the car , into the store . heather chandler clamor to she . heather chandler corn nut ! int . 7- 11 stylishly dress - to-massacre , veronica reach out to a bag of corn nut as j.d. 's off - screen voice disarm she . j.d. ( o.s. ) you go to pull a Big gulp with that ? veronica no , but if you be nice I will let you buy I a slurpee . you know you 7 - 11speak pretty well . j.d. I have be move around all my life ; Dallas , baton rouge , Vegas , sherwood Ohio , there 's always a 7 - 11 . any town , any time , I can pop a Ham and cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big wheel . keeps I sane . veronica really ? that thing in the caf today be pretty severe . j.d . the extreme always make a impression , but you be right , it be severe . do you say a cherry or Coke slurpee ? veronica I do not . cherry . veronica smile at she coolness . j.d. return the smile . 7-11 parking lot veronica and j.d. slurp by j.d. 's ferocious motorcycle . veronica great bike . heather chandler sound she car horn with a grimace . veronica glare at she then turn back to j.d. j.d. just a humble perk from my dad 's construction company or should I say deconstruction company ? veronica I do not know . should you ? j.d . my father seem to enjoy tear thing down more than put thing up . see the commerical ? " bring every State to a Higher State . " veronica time out .... Jason Dean . you pop 's Fred Dean construction . must be rough . move place to place . j.d. everybody 's life 's get static . be you life perfect ? veronica ( gently joke ) sure , I be on my way to a party at remington University . veronica grow serious as the car horn sound again . veronica it 's not perfect . I do not really like my friend . j.d . I do not really like you friend either . veronica it 's like they be just people I work with and we job be be popular and shit . j.d. maybe it 's time for a vacation . the car horn blare again . int . dormitory room --night david , Heather Chandler 's fine look college beau , lead veronica and heather chandler into a cramped , eclectically tacky dorm room . Music pound the door . the semi-handsome brad lean aainst a desk while a whining student talk with coed one who sit on the floor . david throw you coat on the bed , girl . whining student that exam be so bogus . coed one oh I know . which exam ? david Veronica , this be Brad . brad excellent . do you girl bring you party slipper ? heather chandler yeah , let 's party . david she love to party . as they head out the door , brad whisper something in brad' friend 's ear cause the pair to snarl off a laugh . int . veronica's bedroom --night the viewer be take back and forth from a shattered post- party veronica to the traumatic dormitory party itself . the sobbing monocle veronica write at she desk . veronica ( v.o. ) dear Diary , I want to kill and you have to believe ..... damn pen ! veronica frenziedly scribbles , try to get she pen to write . she throw the pen across the room and pull out another . veronica ( v.o. ) you have to believe it 's for more than selfish reason . more than a speak in my menstrual cycle . you have to believe I . dormitory hallway the chaotic hallway rumble with beer cup and loud music . veronica and heather chandler 's stylish garb clash with the laid - back dress of the college student . brad anxiously hand veronica a cup of beer as he watch david and heather chandler move through a staircase door . brad so , be you a cheerleader ? veronica ( deal with a jerk ) no , not at all . brad you be pretty enough to be one . veronica gee , thanks . brad it 's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask " what 's you major ? " I hate that . they uncomfortably sip they beer . a deadly pause ensue . brad so when you go to college , what kind of subject do you think you will study ? int . david' dorm room heather chandler and david sit on the latter 's bed , surround by a macintosh and a series of obnoxious Ferrari poster . they kiss . david do most of the work . heather chandler come on David , let 's go back to the party . david ( unzipping he pants ) do not worry , we will . you be just so hot tonight . I can not control myself . david push heather chandler 's head down . dorm hallway brad have give up on conversation . brad so what do you say we head up to my room and have a real party . I have get the best windham Hill C.D. collection in the dorm . a big amiable student approach before veronica can show disgust . big amiable student brad-man , Robinson 's look for you . he say he owe you for blow and he just get some product himself . brad you be kid . that pecker actually score something on he own ? big amiable student ( amble off ) he 's in Sheila 's room , guy . Party up . brad excellent . Veronica , ever do cocaine ? veronica ever since phil Collins do that MTV anti-drug commercial I refuse everything . brad phil Collins ? be you sure he be not drink and drive ? veronica jeez , right , then why do not I do drug ? brad hey , do not run away now . with a wink , brad squirm off . veronica dash into the room with the coat . veronica's bedroom veronica rampage through she diary . veronica ( v.o. ) seventeen be the last year Mom busy the twinkies . when you make the jump from work weekend at pizza Hut to thirty year at i.b.m. , you lose something . not innocence -- power . j.f.k. the cat jump onto the Diary . veronica j.f.k .! veronica fling the screeching cat off and continue . veronica ( v.o. ) Christ , I can not explain it , but I be allow a understanding that my parent and this remington University asshole have choose to ignore . I understand I must stop Heather . dorm " coat " room pant , veronica collapse at a desk in the " coat " room . she draw a vodka bottle from a stockpile of liquor and pour some in she beer cup , slouching down in she chair . veronica light a match from a 7 - 11 matchbook . she eerily bring she hand closer and closer to the fire until it touch . with a eek of pain , she toss the match away into the vodka cup , set it afire . veronica laugh to herself before toss the flame cup out the window . ext . alley outside the dormitory night the flame cup land in a large rusted garbage can fill with other cup and various refuse . the flame spread ... int . dormitory bathroom night a deject heather chandler walk into a multi-mirror- and -sink bathroom . use a glass off one of the sink , she gargle some water and then spit it at she own reflection . the dorm " coat " room veronica close the window as brad open the door . brad how 's my little cheerleader ? now I know everyone at you high school be not so uptight , come on . veronica hey really , I do not feel so great . brad let 's do it on the coat . it will be excellent . brad plop down onto the bed of coat and begin bounce . veronica I have a little prepare speech I give when my suitor want more than I would like to give he .... gee blank , I have a nice .... brad save the speech for malcom X . I just wanna get laid . veronica you do not deserve my fuck speech ! veronica yank up she coat from beneath brad on the bed cause he to slide off onto the floor . dorm hallway veronica storm into the hallway but slow down when she see she 's attract attention . she notice a incite brad slither to the smile david who chat with some student , heather chandler on he arm . brad cause david 's smile to ever - so-slightly diminish . david whisper to heather chandler who proceed to set down she beer and walk toward veronica . dormitory alley the fire in the trashcan be raging . dorm hallway a steel face heather chandler come face - to- face with veronica . heather chandler what 's you damage ? Brad say you be be a real cooze . veronica Heather , I feel awful , like I be go to throw up . can we jam , please ? heather chandler no . Hell no . veronica be eye fall shut in a near-faint . she fling herself down off -screen with some ugly retching sound . veronica's bedroom veronica savagely scrawl in she diary , tear burn fierce . veronica ( v.o. ) Betty Finn be a true friend and I sell she out for a bunch of swatchdog and diet cokehead . killing Heather would be like off the wick witch of the West . or be it East ? West ! I sound like a psycho . tomorrow I will be kissing she aerobicize ass but tonight let I dream of a world without Heather . a world where I be free . dorm hallway veronica rise into view with tinge of vomit on she mouth . a smile break across heather chandler 's granite puss . veronica run off as student laugh in the background . dormitory alley veronica charge into the alley . she whip around to face a screeching heather chandler . in back of veronica , the trashcan bellow like mt. vesuvius . heather chandler you stupid cunt ! veronica you goddamn bitch ! the flicker flame cast heather chandler in a demonic light . heather chandler you be nothing before you meet I ! you be play barby with Betty Finn ! you be a brownie , you be a bluebird , you be a girl scout Cookie ! I get you into a remington Party ! what 's my thanks ? it 's on the hallway carpet . I get pay in puke ! veronica lick it up , baby . lick . it. up. heather chandler ( totally in control ) Monday morning , you be history . I will tell everyone about tonight . transfer to Washington . transfer to jefferson . no one at westerburg 's go to let you play they reindeer game . veronica's bedroom veronica fling she diary across the room where it hit the wall behind the stun figure of j.d. veronica gasp . j.d. dreadful etiquette . I apologize . veronica ( exhaling deeply ) s'okay .... j.d . I see the croquet set - up in the back . up for a match ? veronica be simultaneously dismay and exhilated . she seem ready to burst out all she anxiety but instead .... veronica sure . but I be Blue . ext . the sawyer backyard --late night the viewer 's viewpoint glide through the grass of Veronica 's backyard uncover combination of wicket and article of clothing . a pair of girl shoe and a pair of guy shoe rest together by the first wicket . j.d. ( v.o. ) goddamn , no wonder you look so mangle when I come through the window . feminine sock and masculine sock lay crumpled by the next wicket . veronica ( v.o. ) I have always treat Heather 's teen queen power play as bullshit ..... as veronica quiveringly pause , a stylish blouse and a rugge shirt be reveal mingling by another wicket . veronica ( v.o. ) but I be really scared . who be I go to eat lunch with on Monday ? I sound like a afterschool special . the viewer 's viewpoint move to a dress and a pair of jeans rest side by side at another wicket . j.d. ( v.o. ) that be my first game of Strip croquet , you know . I thank you . veronica ( v.o. ) you be welcome . it 's a lot more interesting than just fling off you clothes and bone away on the neighbor 's swing set . veronica be blue mallet have be stake into the ground . her panty hang on one end , j.d. 's underwear hang on the other . j.d. ( o.s. ) well , I do not know . there 's something to be say for ... ouch ! veronica and j.d. be finally reveal , entangle in a artful pose upon j.d. 's gunslinger coat . they warmly kiss . veronica break off to uneasily giggle . veronica what a night . j.d. gently bite in to veronica 's neck . veronica groove on it , close she eye tightly . veronica what a life . I almost move into high school out of sixth grade because I be some genius . we all decide to chuck the idea because I would have trouble make friend , blah-blah -blah . veronica slide she head down against j.d. 's chest and gracefully rest on he lap . gently fight slumber , she murmur up to j.d. , who shower she face with slow kiss . veronica now blah- blah - blah be all I do . I use my grand i.q. to figure out what gloss to wear and how to hit three kegger before curfew . some genius . j.d. Heather Chandler be one bitch that deserve to die . veronica killing she will not solve anything . j.d . a well - time lightning bolt through she window and Monday morning , all the other heather , shit , everybody would be cast fuck adrift . veronica well then , I will pray for rain . j.d . see the condom in the grass over there . we kill tonight , Veronica . we murder we baby . veronica hey , it be good for I too , sparky . j.d. just say it 's not hard to end a life . veronica there 's a big difference between the most popular girl in the school and dead sperm . they laugh . veronica maneuver herself into a sit position . j.d . I guess I do not know what the hell I be talk about . veronica I know exactly what the hell you be talk about and you be right , you do not know what the hell you be talk about . let 's just grow up , be adult , and die . j.d. good plan . veronica but before that , I would like to see Heather Chandler puke she gut out . int . heather chandler' bedroom --day heather chandler 's bedroom be lushly and expensively furnish with a glass coffee table as a eye-catch centerpiece . heather chandler half - sleep in twisted bedsheet as mrs . chandler stick she head in the door . mrs . chandler we be leave soon for you grandmother 's . if you care to join we ... heather chandler bag that . mrs . chandler be that a " no " in you lingo ? as the door close , heather chandler raise she arm and give she depart mother " the finger . " heather chandler lingo this . int . the chandler kitchen --day the sound of a lock be jimmied be hear moment before veronica and j.d. burst through the door . veronica ( quietly ) trust I . she skip the Saturday morning trip to grandma 's even when she 's not hungover . j.d . then let 's just concoct ourselves a little hangover cure that will induce she to spew red , white , and blue . veronica open the refrigerator . j.d. open the cupboard beneath the sink . veronica what about orange juice and milk ? what 's the upchuck factor on that ? j.d. hold up a bottle of pine - sol . j.d. I be a pine - sol man , myself . veronica do not be a dick . that stuff will kill she . veronica and j.d. make queasy eye-contact . veronica descend back into the refrigerator with some work - up enthusiasm as j.d. suavely pour bit of various toxic container ( detergent , scour powder ) into a glass beer mug . veronica o-kay . we will cook up some soup and put it in a Coke . sick , eh ? now should it be Chicken - noodle or bean-with - Bacon ? j.d. man Veronica , pull the plug on that shit . I say we go with Big Blue . j.d. raise the glass fill with what be now a strange blue liquid . veronica stare at the glass , scared by she own thought . veronica what be you do ? you just can not go ..... besides , she would never drink anything that look like that . j.d. okay we will use this . she will not be able to tell what she 's drink . j.d. pull down a ceramic cup and triumphantly pour the poisonously blue beer glass content into it . a eerie pause ensue . veronica take out a milk carton and a container of orange juice . she strut back to the counter in anger , icily mutter . veronica just give I a cup , jerk . j.d. sheepishly pull down a identical ceramic cup . veronica tear it from he and pour some milk and then some orange juice into the cup . veronica milk and orange juice . hmmmm . maybe we could cough a phlegm globber in it or something . j.d. yeah , great . they both start cough harshly . veronica no luck ? well , milk and orange juice will do quite nicely . quite nicely . j.d. chick-en . veronica you be not funny . j.d. turn on he heel and slink away . veronica glare down at the mess of toxic container . with both arm , veronica clump the toxic container together and drop beneath the sink to put they away . j.d. swagger back into the kitchen as veronica bob back into view . j.d. I be sorry . j.d. kiss the back of she neck . veronica close she eye with a grudge smile . veronica bonehead . veronica dreamily reach out to one of the two ceramic cup . not the one with milk and orange juice in it . heather chandler' bedroom heather chandler angelically sleep as veronica and j.d. enter . veronica Morning , Heather . like a lion , heather chandler rouse herself up . heather chandler Veronica . and jesse James . quelle surprise . hear about Veronica 's affection for regurgitation ? veronica we both say a lot of thing we do not mean , last night . heather chandler do we ? how the hell would you get in here ? j.d. Veronica know you would have a hangover . so I whipped this up . family recipe . j.d. hold out the ceramic cup . heather chandler snort . heather chandler do you put a phlegm globber in it or something ? I be not drink that piss . j.d . I know this stuff would be too intense . heather chandler intense ? grow up . you think I will drink it just because you call I chicken . they do . they be right . heather chandler just give I the cup , jerk . heather chandler rise from the bed and strut to j.d. in anger . she take the cup , slam she head back and downs it all . she then launch she head forward , she face contort in agony . heather chandler corn nut ! heather chandler be eye slam shut and she limp body crash through the glass coffee table . veronica and j.d. freeze . j.d. something tell I you pick up the wrong cup . veronica no shit , sherlock . I can not believe it . I just kill my best friend . j.d . and you worst enemy . veronica same difference . oh jesus , I be gonna ... veronica stagger to a desk . j.d. laugh out of shock . j.d . what be we go to tell the cop ? " fuck it if she can not take a joke , sarge . " veronica stop kid around . I be go to have to send my s.a.t. score to San quentin instead of Stanford . j.d. I be just a little freak , all right ? ( a beat ) you get what you want , you know . veronica it 's one thing to want somebody out of you life . it 's another thing to serve they a wake - up cup of drano . veronica stare off as j.d. pace like a cage animal . he scope onto the rubble of the shattered coffee table and see cliff Notes for the Bell jar plus a magazine proclaim " the fall of the american teen " stick out from beneath heather chandler 's body . j.d . we do a murder . in Ohio , that 's a crime . but if this be like a suicide thing ..... veronica like a suicide thing ? j.d. adolescence be a period of life fraught with anxiety and confusion . veronica ( calming down ) I can do Heather 's handwrite as well as my own . veronica take some stationery from the desk and begin write , call out she word . veronica " you might think what I have do be shocking ... " j.d . " to I though , suicide be the natural answer to the myriad of problem life have give I . " veronica that 's good , but Heather would never use the word " myriad . " j.d . this be the last thing she will ever write . she will want to cash in on as many fifty - cent word as poss . veronica she miss " myriad " on a vocab test two week ago , all right ? j.d . that only prove my point more . the word be a badge for she failure at school . veronica you be probably right ... " people think just because you be beautiful and popular , life be easy and fun . nobody understand I have feeling too . " j.d . " I die know no one know the real I . " veronica that 's good . have you do this before ? veronica 's smile die as she look to heather chandler be corpse . int . school conference room --day at the head of a long conference table be the bearlike principal gowan . circle the table be the gray-haire but savvy mrs . pope , the black counselor paul hyde , the yuppie math teacher kevin staples , and most noticeably , the eccentrically dress ms. pauline fleming . coat be in chair and cigarette smoke be in the air , as the group batter they way through a morning mourn conference . principal gowan any other principal would take the same position . keep thing business as usual . counselor hyde Heather Chandler 's not you everyday suicide . she be very popular . principal gowan I let the kid go before lunch and the switchboard will light up like a Christmas Tree . kevin staples the parent will be sympathetic , sir . this be troubled time for the young . mrs . pope I must say I be impressed to see that she make proper use of the word " myriad " in she suicide note after brutalize it in a vocabulary test . pauline ( dramatically cut in ) I find it profoundly disturbing that we be tell of a tragic destruction of youth and all we can talk about be adequate mourn time and misus vocabulary word . a collective sigh go across the room . principal gowan oh Christ . pauline the school , meaning both student and teacher , must revel in this revealing moment . I suggest we get everyone into the cafeteria and just talk . and feel . together . principal gowan thank you , Ms. Fleming . call I when the shuttle land ... now be this Heather the cheerleader ? counselor hyde that would be Heather mcnamara . principal gowan damn . I would be willing to go half a day for a cheerleader . kevin staples let 's just pack it in a hour early . principal gowan done . I hate monday . int . pauline fleming's classroom --day the desk of the classroom have be maneuver into a amusingly chaotic position by pauline's pupil . she be furious . pauline I say a circle you imbecile ! forget it ! just sit down . I be just so thrilled to be give a example of everything I have teach you . that example be Heather Chandler . I have the note ! pauline melodramatically lift the suicide note . the class aaah . male student all right ! pauline I will pass the suicide note around the room so you can feel its tragic beauty for yourself . let we share together the feeling the suicide have spur in we all . who want to begin ? female student I hear it be really gnarly . she drank liquid plumber and comet and stuff then she smashed .... pauline now , now , we be not here to rehash the coroner 's report . let 's talk emotion . the all -out nerd be we go to be test on this ? a stunne pauline glare until preppie peter dawson speak . the note continue to be breathlessly pass around . peter Heather and I use to go together , but she say I be boring . I realize now I be not really boring . she be just dissatisfied with she life . pauline that 's very good Peter . veronica let out a laugh that she disguise as a sob by put she hand over she face . pauline dear Veronica , Heather be you soulmate ..... share . veronica Heather be cool , but cruel . the good look and bad manners give she power , but it could not give she happiness . the class stare to veronica as the suicide note be pass to she . she acknowledge it in horror , pass it on , then continue , realize she ability to create truth for a captive audience . veronica she realize the only way she could be happy be to give up she power and the only way she could do that be death . pauline cry . the pupil applaud . veronica queasily smile . int . the girl locker room --day the girl be finish up put on they clothes . heather mcnamara oh God , it 's so unfair . it 's just so unfair ! we should get a whole week off not just a hour . heather duke write the School board . heather duke gnaw on a chicken leg as she speak . veronica watch it , Heather . you could actually be digest food . heather mcnamara yeah , where 's you urge to purge ? heather duke ( belching ) fuck it . heather mcnamara pull a swatch from one of the locker . heather mcnamara look , heather leave behind one of she swatch . she would want you to have it , Veronica . she always say you could not accessorize for shit . heather mcnamara toss the watch to a spook veronica who stand up and solemnly put it on . the female stoner in army jacket stop next to they bench . female stoner in army jacket I be sorry about you friend . I think she be you usual airhead bitch . guess I be wrong . lot of we be . heather duke bob up from the world 's large sno-cone . heather duke what a waste . veronica zombiesquely move into the shower area . heather duke ( v.o. ) oh the humanity . the shower veronica turn on a shower and let the water spray against she clothes . the locker room heather mcnamara Veronica , what be you do ? squealing girl everyone in the shower ! the squealing girl run into the shower fully clothed . two giggling girl follow suit . the heather look to each other , laugh , and run in . int . the girl ' coach locker room office heavy metaler matt , clyde , and steve plus geek rodney sneak into a darken room . Girls ' laughter drift in . matt do I deliver or do I deliver ? rodney hurry up , we be go to get catch . matt mellow out geek . man , I never should have bring you . clyde let 's see some pussy ! matt pull a curtain revealing a semi-overhead view of the shower and clothed girl . the shower the girl splash and spin in balletlike slow motion . veronica stand face the viewer , the swatch noticeably attach . the girl ' coach locker room office cautiously quiet pandemonium . matt do this have something to do with menstrual cramp and shit ? clyde ( daze ) what the fuck ? rodney we be on candid camera , dude . I can feel it . clyde what the fuck ? steve do you deliver or do you deliver ? ext . outside of the school --day pull they coat over they wet clothes , veronica and the heather come out of the school . heather mcnamara that be seriously warpe , Veronica . veronica uh-huh . heather duke t.v. camera ! in the distance , a t.v. camera crew be interview student . heather duke dash toward they . heather mcnamara freeze . heather mcnamara oh God , Veronica . my hair ! my clothes ! heather mcnamara moan , vibrate , then suddenly race toward the camera . veronica look down at the soak , stop swatch on she arm . she take it off and drop it in a nearby trashcan . int . the dean live room --late afternoon a massive t.v. set show the image of heather duke pose by a tree , talk into a microphone . heather duke ( t.v. ) I choose to remember the good time . like when we get we ear pierce at the mall . the image of heather mcnamara sit in the grass talk into a microphone supersede heather duke 's . heather mcnamara ( t.v. ) I can still hear that late night talk on the phone . the image of peter dawson sit on a rock come on next . peter ( t.v . ) the day I win she that stuff rhino at the 4 - h Fair , she say to I .... veronica ( o.s. ) you be a asshole ! mute he ! veronica and j.d. be see to be crash on a couch . j.d. push a button on the remote control , cut the sound . j.d. mute ! veronica next channel , darling . the silent image of heather duke on a staircase talk into a microphone be on the screen . veronica ( o.s. ) Heather , how many network do you run to ! country Club Courtney appear wear a T-shirt read bigfun . veronica take the remote and turn the sound on . veronica oh , I have to hear this . courtney ( t.v . ) in my heart , Heather 's still alive . veronica ( mute Courtney ) what be you talk about ? she hate you ! you hate she ! ( to j.d. ) what be you smile at ? j.d. Heather Chandler be more popular than ever now . veronica yeah . scary stuff . j.d. suddenly look away from veronica with a mischievous half -smile . he inexplicably call out . j.d . why son , I do not hear you come in . j.d. 's father fred dean , stand before they , handsome and threaten in a shirt and tie . he be rather malevolently hold a row machine . fred dean hey dad , how be work today ? fred dean slam down he row machine and straddle it before answer he own question . he row as he speak . the brady bunch sputter on the t.v. screen before he . fred dean it be miserable . some damn tribe of withere old bitch do not want we to terminate that fleabag hotel . all because Glenn Miller and he band once take a shit there . it 's just like Kansas . do you remember fuck Kansas ? j.d . that be the one with the wheat right ? big bud dean the save the Memorial oak Tree Society . show that fuck . j.d. turn to veronica with a bemuse smile . j.d. thirty fourth of July firework attach to the trunk . arraign but acquitted . fred dean Fucking Kansas . gosh pop , I almost forget to introduce my girlfriend . j.d. Veronica , dad. dad , Veronica . veronica hello . veronica , with a force smile , reach to shake fred 's hand . fred dean extend he hand but make no effort to stop row hence he hand pull away from veronica . pop and son laugh . j.d. Jason , why do not you ask you little friend to stay for dinner . veronica ( awkwardly stand ) my Mom 's make my favorite meal tonight . spaghetti . lot of oregano . j.d. Nice . the last time I see my Mom , she be wave out the window of a library in Texas . right , dad ? big bud dean stop row to grin a you - think - you be - tougher - than -me-but - you be - not smile to j.d . big bud dead right , son . veronica ( weakly ) right . ext . the sawyer patio --dusk just as in the earlier patio scene , dad and mom sawyer be seat at a patio table with a empty chair between they . pate be on the table . dad smoke a cigarette . dad take a break Veronica , sit down . veronica walk into view and sit down . veronica all right . dad so what be the first day after Heather 's suicide like ? veronica I do not know , it be okay , I guess . mom terrible thing . so will we get to meet this dark horse prom contender ? veronica maybe . dad ( look at he cigarette ) goddamn . will somebody please tell I why I smoke this damn thing ? veronica ( smile ) because you be a idiot . dad oh yeah , that 's it . dad immediately take another drag with a wide grin . mom ( shaking she head ) you two .... veronica greate pate , but I be go to have to motor if I want to be ready for the funeral tomorrow . int . heather mcnamara's bedroom --day a montage commence show the heather prepare for the funeral . heather mcnamara model a all - black outfit in front of a dress table mirror . she storm away , pout . int . heather duke's bedroom --day bob up from a fashion magazine whose cover story be funeral chic , heather duke finish apply black lipstick . a look of horror pass over she face and she savagely scrub she lip . int . church --day a mortician put the finish touch on heather chandler , smoothing out she clothes and buffing she face . he gently kiss she forehead then quickly rebuff the spot . heather mcnamara's bedroom heather mcnamara model another black outfit . she respond this time with a satisfied smile . heather duke's bedroom traditionally make up , a smile heather duke bring a crucifix earring to she ear and attaches it . int . church --day heather chandler serenely lie in a coffin as father faust bellow off-screen . a panorama of adult and student be reveal at this more social than spiritual event . veronica and j.d. watch from the back pew . father ripper ( o.s. ) I blame not Heather but rather a society that tell its youth that the answer be on the MTV video game . we must pray the other teenager of sherwood , Ohio , know the name of that " righteous dude " who can solve they problem .... the bald father faust finally come into view . father ripper ( cont would ) it 's Jesus Christ and he 's in the book . kneeling podium before coffin --later betty finn be kneel before heather chandler be open coffin . the viewer hear what she be think . betty ( v.o. ) May Heather Chandler rest in peace even though she commit suicide . for-the-kingdom-the-power-and-the - glory-are-yours-now-and-forever - amen . betty finn make the sign of the cross , rise , and exit . heather mcnamara take she place on the kneel podium . heather mcnamara ( v.o. ) oh God , this be a tragic thing and sometimes I have a hard time deal with it and stuff . please send Heather to heaven and all that . thanks . I mean , amen . heather mcnamara exit and peter dawson move in she place . peter ( v.o. ) dear God , make sure this never happen to I . I do not think I could handle suicide and that 's the God 's honest truth . pardon the pun . fast-early - acceptance - into-an-ivy-league-school-and - please-let-it-be-harvard . amen . peter flee and ram uncomfortably take he place . ram ( v.o. ) Jesus God in heaven , uh , why do you kill such hot snatch . that 's a joke , man . people be so serious . ( a beat ) hail Mary , who be not in heaven , pray for we sinner .... so we do not get catch . another joke , man . ram clumsily exit . heather duke solemnly kneel in he place . heather duke ( v.o. ) I pray for the death of Heather Chandler many time and I feel bad every time I do , but I keep do it anyway . now I know you understand everything . praise jesus. alleluia . heather duke depart and veronica kneel in she place . veronica ( v.o. ) hi. I be sorry . technically I do not kill Heather Chandler but hey , who be I try to kid , right ? I just want my high school to be a nice place . amen . do that sound bitchy ? church lobby heather mcnamara dip a big comb in the holy water basin and then comb out she hair . veronica breeze by . heather mcnamara Veronica . what be you do tonight ? veronica mourn . maybe watch some t.v. why ? heather mcnamara Ram ask I out , but he want to double with kurt and kurt do not have a date . veronica Heather , I have get something go with j.d . heather mcnamara please Veronica . put billy the kid on hold tonight , I will never forget it . ext . church parking lot --day kurt kelly and ram stand by ram be van . kurt we on tonight man ? ram I still get to talk to Heather , dude . weird funeral , huh ? kurt pretty weird . geek rodney , fat cynic , and brace thrust by kurt and ram . brace obliviously step on kurt 's foot . kurt that pudwapper just step on my foot . ram let 's kick he ass . kurt cool off , we be senior . ram goddamn geek ! brace give they " the finger " . brace ( awkwardly defiant ) sit and spin . kurt and ram turn to each other more amused than angere . kurt that little prick . the bolt jock effortlessly catch brace and put he into a hunch - over position . the other geek look on , ashamed . kurt all right you piece of shit fag , do you like to suck big dick ? brace cut it out ! ram push brace down harder . kurt say it man . say I like to suck big dick . rodney leave he alone , kurt . j.d. ride by on he motorcycle . he turn to watch kurt , wear a overwhelmingly tinted motorcycle helmet that read the true killer across the top . kurt be spook . ram ( o.s. ) say it ! brace okay , okay , you like to suck big dick . unamuse , ram throw brace to the ground . brace semi-cry . brace I like to suck big dick . mmm-mm ! I can not get enough of they . satisfied ? kurt I be sure you friend be happy to hear that . ( with a lisp ) right , guy ? another place in the parking lot veronica and heather mcnamara sashay through the parking lot . heather mcnamara do not worry , Ram 's be so sweet lately , consol I and stuff . it will be really very . promise . move into the background , brace wipe dirt and blood off he face as he friend glumly watch on . veronica all right , but I hope it be not go to be one of that night where they get shitface and take we to a pasture to tip cow . ext . cow pasture -- night a cow stand sleep . giggle and drunk , kurt and ram scramble around the cow . uncomfortable and sober , veronica and heather mcnamara look on . kurt be it sleep , dude ? ram I think so , man . kurt then get over on my side . oh shit , cowtipp be the fuck great . ram punch it in ! kurt and ram slam they knuckle and then lean against the cow , poise to shove . heather mcnamara manage a smile but veronica glare it away . kurt Count of three , guy . kurt and ram one. two . Three ! a o.s. moo and the jock ' laughter be hear as mud splashes against the mortify face of veronica and heather mcnamara . deeper in the pasture -- later in the night kurt stumble after a more annoyed than scared veronica . kurt " when I get that feel , I need sexual heal ..... " veronica yeah , right , asshole . veronica make she way up a hill , pause to compassionately stare at ram on top of a dispirite heather mcnamara . kurt 's intoxicate brain have trouble deal with the incline . majestically , j.d. appear at the top of the hill . kurt squint up the hill and fall over backwards . j.d . what be this shit ? veronica I be do a favor for Heather . a double date . I try to tell you at the funeral but you ride off . kurt ( still face down ) " feel like make bah da dah bah da dah , feel like make love . " j.d. another fuck heather. ( harshly laugh ) I be sorry . I be feel kind of superior tonight . Seven high school in seven state and the only thing different be my locker combination . we have break through the peer pressure cooker . so what if we have to kill miss popularity .. veronica clumsily high heel it up the hill . veronica so what ? do not smile like that , Jesus ! j.d. we love be God . let 's get a slurpee . j.d. solemnly reach toward veronica . she , less solemn , take he hand . they body disappear over the hill . kurt " and she 's buy the stairway to heaven . . " int . newspaper / yearbook workshop --day in a cluttere school workshop , editor dennis and a yearbook girl , wear a bigfun T-shirt , confer over a layout sheet . Dennis 's famine Fund partner peter dawson pout behind they . dennis I be not belittling the famine Fund Peter , but we be talk teen suicide ! westerburg finally get one and I be not go to blow it . peter great . Heather get the headline and I get cramme in by the Taco Bell coupon . veronica breeze in . veronica hi guy . I come to check on this week 's lunchtime poll topic . dennis do not worry about it , Veronica , sit down . that funeral yesterday must have be really rough . veronica oh. sure . yearbook girl we be , uh , wonder if maybe you have some poem or artwork that Heather do that we could put in the Heather Chandler yearbook spread ? veronica the what ? yearbook girl take a look . we will have a two page layout with she suicide note up here in the right hand corner . dennis it 's more tasteful than it sound . country Club courtney and courtney' friend come in giggle and whisper . see veronica , they stop dead , then slide into chair , laugh softly . veronica I do not know . this thing leave a bad taste in my mouth . courtney like last night , Veronica ? courtney and courtney' friend explode in laughter . veronica I be sorry ? I do not get it . courtney you do last night . more laughter . courtney' friend kurt tell we of you little date . veronica yeah . and ? I leave he drunk and flail in cowshit . courtney I do not know . he be really detailed . peter shut up , Courtney . veronica do not shut up . I would like to know just what I do . peter ( gesture to the door ) let I show you that lunchtime poll topic , Veronica . hallway outside workshop peter tell veronica . peter I rarely listen to neanderthals like kurt Kelly bu -ut he say you be bent over like a coffee table with kurt go in one end and Ram come in the other . pardon the pun . veronica ( daze ) pardon the pun . son-of-a-bitch . dizzy , veronica hand a clump of dollar bill to peter . veronica thanks Pete , for the famine Fund . peter cheerfully pocket the cash as veronica drift off . int . veronica's bedroom --day veronica arousingly speak into she phone . veronica hi , kurt ? this be Veronica sawyer . I do not expect to be call either . I guess my emotion take over . I be wonder if you want all that thing you have be say to really happen . it 's always be a fantasy of mine to have two guy at once ...... sure , you can write penthouse Forum . revealed to be loung on she bed , j.d. laugh out loud . veronica throw a book at he . veronica that 's right , tonight . in the wood behind the school . do not forget Ram . int . the kelly kitchen --day kurt hang up with a amaze expression on he face . kurt woman . veronica's bedroom veronica and j.d. load gun on veronica 's bed . veronica break into a laugh . veronica I do not get the point of I write a suicide note when we will just be shoot they with blank . j.d. get crucial . we will not be use blank this time . veronica you can not be serious ? hey listen , my bonnie- and - clyde day be over . veronica drop she gun in revulsion and launch off she bed . with a patient smile , j.d. pull she back down . j.d . do you take german ? veronica french . j.d. flick open he gun and pull a bullet from the chamber . j.d. this be ich luge bullet . my grandfather snare a shitload of they in w.w. two . they be like tranquilizers only they break the surface of the skin , enough to cause blood , but not any real harm . veronica so it look like the person 's be shot and kill when they be really just unconscious and bleed . j.d. nod then stand to pace the room , he mind whirring . j.d . we shoot kurt and Ram . make it look like they shot each other . by the time kurt and Ram regain consciousness , they will be the laughingstock 's of the school . the note 's the punchline . how would it turn out ? veronica clumsily extract the note from she purse . she also pluck out the crumpled yellow sample of kurt 's handwrite of the open note- forge scene . she proudly display both papers . veronica first tell I this similarity be not incredible . j.d. ( warmly ) incredible similarity . veronica pull back the note and read . veronica Ram and I die the day we realize we could never reveal we forbidden love to a uncare and ununderstanding world . the joy we share in each other 's arm be great than any touchdown . yet we be force to live the lie of sexist - beer guzzle - jock - asshole . j.d. exquisite , but I do not think ununderstanding be a word . veronica we do not want to make they out to be too secretly eloquent . why would the Germans invent a bullet that do not kill people ? I mean it be World War two , not a school play . j.d. ( rapid-fire ) they use they on themselves to make it look like they be dead . really quite a brilliant device , but too flamboyant to seriously produce . veronica neat . let 's try it out on j.f.k . veronica swiftly pick up she gun and aim it at the lovable tabby enter the room . j.d. rip it away from she . j.d . it do not work on small animal ! veronica oh . j.d . uh well hey , let 's take a look at the homosexual artifact I dig up . now , prepare to be a little disappointed . j.d. lift up a feminine shopping bag and gently dump the content on the bed . j.d . we have get a playgirl , a candy dish , a Joan Crawford post card , and lipstick . veronica you must have have fun . j.d . you know it . oh man , I almost forget . the one perfecto thing I pick up ... j.d. reach in both he coat pocket and triumphantly raise out two bottle of perrier water . j.d. perrier water ! veronica oh come on . lot of people drink perrier . it 's come a long way . j.d. this be Ohio . if you do not have a brewsky in you hand after dark you might as well be wear a dress . veronica ( mock -seductively ) oh , you be so smart . how about a little heterosexuality before we go ? j.d. laugh then climb onto veronica for a hugging kiss . ext . school parking lot --night a tense kurt and a excited ram , play air guitar , walk through the parking lot toward the wood . ram ( sing ) sex and drug and HBO be all I ever need ! whoa ! can you hear I ! hello Tokyo ! I say sex and drug and ... kurt shut the fuck up , all right . ram lighten up , dude . in that wood be some of the finest pussy in the school and we do not even have to buy it a hamburger and a diet Coke . punch it in ! kurt feebly slam knuckle with ram . ext . clearing in the wood -- night veonica stand in the middle of a clear in the wood . she nervously tuck the gun in the back of she dress as kurt and ram emerge into the clear from a path in the wood . kurt hi Veronica . veronica ( force cheerfulness ) hi guy . glad you could make it . ram smack he hand together . ram so do we just start fuck ? veronica I have make a circle on each end of the clear . Ram , you come over here . kurt step into the scratch - in- the-dirt circle next to he . a confuse ram walk past veronica and step into a circle at the opposite end of the foggy clear . veronica when you get in the circle , strip . the guy pause , then slowly start take off they clothes . ram what about you ? veronica I be hope you would rip my clothes off I , sport . ram oh. good idea . kurt and ram awkwardly stand at opposite end in they undy . veronica Count of three , guy . ram giggle in anticipation . veronica one . kurt finally crack a smile . veronica two . j.d. suddenly move next to veronica hold a gun in he right hand and the feminine shopping bag in he leave . j.d. Three . j.d. almost non-chalantly shoot ram in the forehead . veronica rip out she gun and swing it toward kurt . use both hand , she fire , but miss completely . kurt run away onto the path . veronica throw down she gun with a smile . veronica shucks . j.d. race to veronica in a white sweat . j.d. do you miss he completely ? veronica ( giggle ) yeah , but do not worry , it be worth it just to see the look on .... j.d . do not move ! I will get he back ! veronica 's laughter cut off like a faucet . suddenly tremble and confuse , she watch j.d. bolt into the wood . the path a panicked kurt run on the path through the wood . off the path j.d. , with a cold efficiency , weave through tree . the clearing veronica turn toward Ram 's collapse body . the path kurt see the open at the end of the wood . j.d. suddenly move into the light at the end of the wood and raise he gun . kurt run back the other way with a strangle moan . the clearing veronica approach Ram 's body with increase shiver . he do not look bleed and unconscious . he look bleed and dead , dead , dead . kurt barrel into the clear as j.d. howl from the wood . j.d. now ! in a burst of frighten , animal instinct , veronica whip around and fire she gun right into kurt 's chest . squad car in school parking lot two cop , milner and mccord , smoke marijuana in a squad car already fill with smoke . after a cough fit , milner shout . milner I hear it that time ! mccord wha ? milner another gunshot ! from the wood ! mccord shit , let 's roll . the two officer explode out of the car . the clearing j.d. put he gun in ram 's right hand while veronica zombiesquely do the same with kurt and she gun . veronica kurt do not look too good . j.d. remember he 's left-handed . a quivering veronica put the gun in kurt 's leave hand . milner ( o.s. ) keep go until you hit the clear ! j.d. 's head snap forward . he yank up veronica . they both run into the wood behind ram 's body as the two cop charge into the clear , gun raise . see the jock , they stop . mccord mother of shit ! milner call in ! milner look toward where veronica and j.d. run out . milner I hear something out there . I be check it out . milner run off as mccord shout into a walkie-talkie . he be hold the pulse of kurt kelly . mccord this be Officer mccord and I have get two dead body in the wood behind westerburg High . oh my God , one of they 's kurt Kelly , the quarterback . in the wood veronica and j.d. flow through the tree . a owl hoos . another part of the wood milner blindly barrel through the wood . just outside the wood veronica and j.d. come out of the wood and start run up a grassy hill toward veronica 's car which be park on top . j.d. faster ! in the wood milner be jolted by a owl - hoo , then continue move . the hill veronica and j.d. reach the car , panting . milner race out of the wood just as veronica and j.d. slam the car door close behind they . milner huff up the hill . the sawyer car veronica and j.d. somersault into the backseat and begin take off they clothes . the hill milner continue to move up the hill . the sawyer car veronica and j.d. , stripped down to they underwear , embrace . outside the car milner approach the car and peer in . his crackle walkie- talkie startles he . mccord ( o.s. / walkie-talkie ) milner , can you hear I ? what 's go down ? milner move away from the car , then speak into he walkie-talkie . milner think what I hear be just a stinking owl . all I get be two kid make out in the backseat of a car . should I pry they apart ? mccord ( o.s. / walkie-talkie ) forget it . I get all the answer back here , partner . the sawyer car see the cop move away . veronica and j.d. stop kissing . they catch they breath , smile , then continue passionately neck . the clearing milner run back into the clear . milner what 's the deal ? mccord suicide . double suicide . they shot each other . milner that 's kurt Kelly ! mccord yeah , and the linebacker , Ram sweeney . milner oh my God , suicide ? why ? mccord do this answer you question ? mccord reach in the feminine shopping bag and pull out the bottle of perrier water . milner oh man , they be fag ! mccord listen up , " we could never reveal we forbidden love to a uncare and ununderstanding world . " milner ah Jesus H. fuck. kurt be a parade magazine honorable mention ... milner shake he head slowly then suddenly look up . milner wait a second . how do they shoot each other if we hear two separate set of gunshot ? mccord shit , I always hear gunshot when I be high . life be one crazy bitch . do not try to analyze it . the quarterback bugger the linebacker . what a waste . milner oh the humanity . int . school conference room--morning another morning mourn conference . the participant look a little more frazzle . pauline sit at the head of the table . kevin staples ( sotto voce to counselor hyde ) after every touchdown or whatever , they give each other a little slap on the bottom . it seem innocent ... pauline ( o.s. ) shut up . the elderly mrs . pope shake she head at the suicide note . mrs . pope look at this . " ununderstand . " pauline will you shut up ! we be in a similar position Monday and I thoughtfully suggest that we get the student together for a unadulterate emotional outpour . you take the suggestion as a opportunity to play yet another round of " let 's laugh at the hippie . " counselor hyde pauline , if you want a tryout for the school play .... principal gowan hoarsely break in . principal gowan shut up , Paul . I have see a lot of bullshit - - angel dust , switchblade , sexually perverse photography exhibit involve tennis racquet , but this suicide thing .... I guess it 's all on pauline 's wavelength . we be just go to write off today , and Friday she can do she little little love - in or whatever . whatever . ext . student parking lot--morning veronica 's car be the lone vehicle in the student parking lot . the sawyer car a batter veronica climb into the front seat , pull on she blazer . she press in the car cigarette lighter . j.d. rumble from the back as other car begin to fill the lot . veronica we kill they , do not we ? j.d . of course . veronica tug out the car lighter and savagely brand the palm of she hand . j.d. hurdle into the front seat and bat the lighter away . he light a cigarette off the scorched flesh of veronica 's hand as she wail away . veronica ich luge bullet ! I be a idiot ! j.d. drag on he cigarette . School bus be pull in outside of the parking lot , in front of the school . j.d . you believe it because you want to believe it . you true feeling be too gross and icky for you to face . veronica I do not want they dead . j.d. do to . veronica do not . j.d. do to . veronica do not . j.d. launch into a rapid-fire rendition of " do - to 's " . veronica respond by hold she hand over she ear and sing " we be off to see the wizard . " j.d. 's " do - to 's " get louder cause veronica to bang on the horn . parking lot heather duke and a vegge out heather mcnamara stop saunter through the parking lot to contemplate Veronica 's hiccupe car and its sparring occupant . heather duke ah , young love . the squealing girl bound up to the heather . squeeling girl do you hear ? School 's cancel today because kurt and Ram kill themselves in a repress homosexual suicide pact . heather duke ( incredulous , but amused ) no way ! the sawyer car j.d. pull veronica off the horn and warmly place a unlit cigarette in she mouth . as he speak , veronica wearily take the cigarette from she mouth and put it in she blazer pocket . j.d. football season 's over , Veronica . kurt and Ram have nothing to offer the school but date - rape and a.i.d.s. joke . veronica ( look to she burnt hand ) sure . can we make a ice run before the funeral ? student head back to they car and the bus pull back out . ext . cemetery ground --day a typically John waynesque jock 's Father -type , mr. kelly , stand over he son 's open grave . father faust and a seat mixture of adult and student watch on . mr. kelly if there 's any way you can hear I , kurt buddy , I do not care that you really be some pansy . you be my flesh - and -blood . you make I proud . I love my homosexual son . my son 's gay and I love he ! in dark sunglass , veronica wearily lean over to j.d. veronica you son 's dead and you love he . j.d. how do you think Mr. Kelly would react to a son with a limp wrist with a pulse ? they quietly laugh . veronica see a little girl stare at she . she be wear kurt 's football jersey and she face be soak in tear . veronica 's smile turn into a nauseate grimace . int . sawyer live room --night still in stylish funeral garb and dark sunglass , veronica collapse onto she couch , splaying next to she mom . the sawyer t.v. flash against Veronica 's shade . mom how be the funeral ? veronica ( deadpan ) superb . a young , statuesque blonde appear on -screen . a Super read whitney jame -w.e.t.c. commentary flash on . whitney jame ( t.v . ) it look like the teen suicide epidemic have hit home in sherwood as the death toll at westerburg High rocket to three . a shiny number three flash on and off in the screen 's corner . whitney jame ( t.v. ) Heather Chandler , kurt Kelly , and rupert " Ram " sweeney all have good look and popularity , but there 's one thing they do not have : value , ambition , and hope . veronica that 's three thing . whitney jame ( t.v . ) it rain everyday of my maui vacation , but hey , I do not kill myself . I be whitney James , commentary . the camera pan to a affable anchorman . anchorman ( t.v. ) thanks whitney , but I hate to say it . it look like you bring that rainy weather back with you . tomorrow 's forecast call for ... int . veronica's bedroom --night veronica lie on the floor next to a vodka bottle . she drink out of a Dixie cup as she talk on the phone . veronica no , it 's okay j.d. , I just kind of want to talk ..... oh , a newsmagazine show on Channel 16 . really ? on the suicide . no , sound great . bye . veronica hang up and look to she batter diary lie against the wall . she crawl to the diary and then reach up to she night table to pull down she monocle and a pen . she suck a cup of vodka and begin write . veronica ( v.o. ) dear Diary , my teen angst bullshit have a body count . sitting up against she bed , veronica continue write as j.f.k. lap up vodka from the Dixie cup . veronica ( v.o. ) the most popular people in the school be dead . everybody 's sad , but it 's a good kind of sad . suicide give Heather depth , kurt a soul , Ram a brain . I give j.d. shit about the ich luge thing but what really frighten I be that I be not frighten by what j.d. will do next . it 's God versus my boyfriend and God 's lose .... veronica drop she head back and close she eye , pop out she monocle . she swoon down against the bed onto the floor and curl into a fetal slumber . the cafeteria student eat and buzz together in typical cacophony . all be wear black armband . a jukebox roar . pauline fleming and a entourage of student such as peter dawson and the heather invade the cafeteria , head raise high . pauline Peter , kill the jukebox . as the jukebox amusingly grind to a halt , pauline hoist up a bullhorn to she lip and crackle ... pauline could I have you attention ? a startle geek rodney splatter milk all over himself . student whip they head around to the front of the cafeteria . martha dunnstock / dumptruck warily look up from she plate . pauline fleming chant with soar self - importance . pauline we school have be tear apart by tragedy . I be here today to fuse it back together through love ! I want everyone to clasp hand . we need to connect this cafeteria into one mighty circuit . let 's begin a new happiness ! a tableau of dumbfounded student stare at the bullhorn woman . int . MAIN hallway --same time hungover in dark sunglass , veronica stumble down the hall . she stop to read a sign plaster on a wall : the new happiness - a special lunchtime announcement ala pauline Fleming . veronica take off she sunglass , squint , then continue down the hall . the cafeteria pauline 's evita peron-like composure be crumble . pauline yo , what 's the problem ? I know you know how to hold hand . ring-around - the-rosy-a-pocketful-of-posy ... forget it ! I be just so thrilled to announce that whitney James of wetc News be taping a rap session with student from area high school include westerburg . cheer raucously emerge from the enliven student . pauline let 's show the world westerburg be a diverse happy home , not suicide Central ! ( shrewdly ) you know there 's some people who say westerburg be too weak and wimpy a school to be on t.v . be that true ? the student make loud , scattered rumbling of the word " no . " pauline hungrily unbutton she paisley blazer . pauline no or Hell no ? student ( louder ) Hell no ! frightened and flustered by the fanatic camaraderie around she , martha dunnstock / dumptruck quake for a moment then crawl underneath she table . pauline I can not hear you .... finger she bang in a attempt at composure , veronica step into the cafeteria and she fellow student boom . student hell no ! as a blow away veronica take in the panorama of student from different clique chant to the beat of pauline 's gospel recital , pauline 's voice be replace on the soundtrack by the evocative female moaning of the open scene . j.d. , also wear a black armband , stalk veronica from behind . his hand unzip she dress . the female voice swell louder as a glow veronica take in glorious image . geek brace and a jock chant together , stand on chair . heather mcnamara and heavy metaler matt look to each other dubiously then mindlessly shout out . a morrisonesque stoner dance on a table of cheer betty - finn -a-like . j.d. slide he hand through the open in Veronica 's dress . the female voice cut off as the spell over veronica break . she swing she elbow into j.d. 's stomach . veronica can not you see this be a special moment ? j.d . I be just make it more special . pauline ( o.s. ) Veronica , there you be ! veronica spin to a electric pauline fleming glisten in the mouth of the cafeteria , flanke by heather duke and peter dawson . pauline you people be in charge of get delegate from every clique in the school to be on the whitney James teenage suicide prevention t.v. special . let 's be able to say we be the one who put peer pressure out to pasture . j.d. look out through the cafeteria . he see martha poke she head out from beneath she lunch table then dart back under . j.d. move away from the chatter group . peter westerburg ? a happy family ? pauline I be sure you will work something out . heather duke ( wickedly ) do not worry . we will work something out . veronica yes . yes . we will work something out . I swear to God . wo not we j.d .?... j.d.? martha dunnstock / dumptruck's table martha slither from under the table up into she seat , and head down , trys to finish off a bowl of soup . she slowly look up and freeze . j.d. be reveal to be seat across from she , behind he rebel without a Cause lunch box . he smile warmly . j.d. greeting and salutation . int . j.d. be live room --night veronica beam and babbles over the room while on the couch , j.d. restlessly work he channel changer . veronica you shoulda stick around , jerk . Ms. Fleming want to redefine the high school experience . j.d . she want to ignore the high school experience . we way 's better . we scare people into not be asshole . veronica do not even talk about that stuff ! j.d. comically cup he hand together to holler . j.d . you mean the time you blow kurt Kelly 's ass away ! veronica throw the first thing she can get she hand on , a frame picture of a woman , at the roaring j.d. veronica you can be so immature ! j.d. ( look off ) you kid be make too much damn noise . fred dean be reveal to be stand in the front doorway , hold a chest exerciser and wave a videocassette . fred dean we beat the bitch . veronica ( mumble ) oh beautiful . the beaver 's home . fred dean judge tell they to slurp shit and die . fred dean cram the cassette in he V.C.R. and heft up a chest exerciser . he begin pump away as the image of a shabby building appear on the massive t.v. fred dean I put a norwegian in the boiler room . masterful . when that blow , it set off a pack of thermal I would stick upstairs . the building blow up . fred dean cackle . j.d. politely applaud . fred pop out the videocassette and bounce away . fred dean it 's great to be alive ! veronica do you like you father ? j.d. never give the matter much think . like my mother . j.d. pick up the frame picture that Veronica throw . j.d . they say she death be a accident . but she know when the explosive be set to go off . she know ... veronica slowly sit down next to j.d. with daze concern . veronica let 's just ... settle down . Ms. Fleming have give we a chance to atone for ... j.d. we sin ? what sin ? if you put a Nazi in a concentration camp , do that make you a Nazi ? veronica maybe . j.d. exhales in frustration and change some more channel . j.d. whoa ! amazing ! the t.v. screen a music video flash on the Dead t.v. screen . three gorgeous women , stylishly furnish , evocatively wail the female moan hear throughout the film . the video viewpoint then pan to two overly gorgeous young man wear trendy hair and trendy clothes . they sing / shout before a all - white background . a super in the corner read bigfun / teenage suicide ( don't do it ) . bigfun ( t.v. ) time be mean for a teen --we know ! parent ignore , teachers bore --we know ! j.d . it 's the new bigfun video ! video : int . a girl bedroom --day now in full screen , the video viewpoint cut to a very depressed and very cute , white , female VID victim one sit at she dress table . she pour a bottle of pill into she hand . bigfun ( v.o. ) but there's more than one way to go ! bigfun magically materialize next to VID victim one . the pill in she hand have turn into jellybean . she be ridiculously happy . bigfun teenage suicide ; don't do it ! teenage suicide ; don't do it ! j.d. pull out a gun with a ethereal expression on he face . j.d . we have make MTV . j.d. fire into the radiant image of bigfun , destroy the t.v. and disgusting veronica , who bolt off the couch . he raucously crawl after she . veronica we be break up . I be out ! j.d. wha - at ? come on , there 's another t.v. in the kitchen . you know you use to have a sense of humor . j.d. playfully tackle veronica . this calm rather than anger . she turn on she back . j.d. follow suit . veronica you be get too cool for I , j.d . I do not know how to talk to you . j.d . we relationship 's move fast , I know , but I have real , real respect for you . veronica sigh , then roll over into a crawl position and eventually into a walk - out - the-door position . veronica I be go to make this Ms. pauline thing work . line of communication between the clique . you be a phase .... j.d . phase my ass ! you will be back ! I be storming normandy beach and you be run in place with pauline fonda 's airhead peacenik exercise program . have to stay tough ! you will be back . j.d. bound up to a kitchen counter and flick on a small t.v. bigfun can be hear booming they song . j.d. brood . int . empty classroom --day j.d. move to a empty row of desk . he turn the first desk as to face the second . heather duke warily lower herself into the second desk as j.d. flop a manilla envelope onto it . heather duke open the envelope and pull out a stack of 8 by 10' . she gasp . the first shot show a young heather duke in a summer camp uniform that vibrantly read heather , she be hold one end of a large poster board draw of two eskimos rub nose . holding the other end , in a summer camp uniform vibrantly read martha , be a young martha dunnstock / dumptruck . heather duke what the ..... with a harsh laugh , she take in the next photograph . it have young heather duke and young martha eat toast marshmallow off each other 's stick . heather duke ( try to stay clam ) where do you get this ? j.d . oh , I just have the nicest chat with Ms. dumptruck . get along famously ! it 's scary how everyone 's get a story to tell .... would you care to see the canoe shot ? heather duke what do you want from I ? j.d. strength . westerburg do not need mushy togetherness , it need a leader . Heather Chandler be that leader but ... heather duke but she could not handle it . j.d. laugh . she 's on the ball . j.d. I think you can . in catcher in the Rye Holden say he ideal job would be make sure some kid do not fall off a cliff . he do not realize if you pay too much attention to the kid , you will back off the cliff yourself . heather duke very very . the photograph ? j.d . do not worry . I will ask you to do I a favor . you will get the negative and everything back then . j.d. launch away from he desk with a grin . he place a red ribbon on heather duke 's desk . j.d . in the meantime , strength , and hey , there 's a little gift . int . the girl bathroom a spook heather duke splashes water on she face and look up into the mirror . in a trance , she pull she hair back Heather Chandler fashion and tie it with the ribbon j.d. give she . a betty finn -a-like move up to the sink beside she . two chic babe enter the bathroom with pout expression . seemingly in a trance , heather duke bend over and wipe off she wet hand use the oblivious betty finn -a- like 's dress . heather duke wink to the now- giggle chic babe and saunter off . hallway heather duke burst through the bathroom door to wickedly strut down the hall . she scowl / smile in perfect Heather Chandler fashion to various passer - by . earl frazier' locker veronica genially lobby the big black earl frazier . earl let I get it clear , Veronica . you want yourself a sweet homeboy for this t.v. show so you can show everybody what a loose , Martin luther cosby -lovng place westerburg be . veronica ( chuckle ) something like that . will you do it ? earl damn , you be a shrewd one . shrewd . veronica I just want to show different kind of people can get together and it do not have to be Vietnam . you do not get treat badly here do you ? earl I do not get treat at all , but hey , do not worry about it . I will do you thing . it will give my Mom a smile . veronica hand he a Guest pass tag . veronica thing be go to change , Earl . earl uh-huh . heather duke impishly blind veronica with she hand . heather duke guess who ? veronica Heather . heather duke let go with a small giggle . veronica turn to face she Heather Chandler -look friend and she smile die . veronica violently push heather duke away and storm off . int . veronica's bedroom --night lying on the floor , veronica concentrate on she phone . with a deep sigh , she pushbutton out a number . she pause , then ... veronica ouch . you machine 's get the most obnoxious beep . Heather , I be sorry . int . heather duke's bedroom veronica 's voice drone through heather duke 's answer machine . veronica ( o.s. / machine ) I be just call to say you can wear you hair any way you want to . a male hand pick up the phone . it 's College boy david . david hey Veronica sawyer , barf on anybody 's carpet lately ? veronica's bedroom veronica cringe . veronica be this David ? Heather 's David ? what be you do .... heather duke's bedroom david what can I say ? I be pretty break up by Heather c.' suicide . I need somebody super- sensitive like Heather D . veronica's bedroom veronica I be delirious for the both of you . can you put Heather on ? heather duke's bedroom david proudly look down off -screen to he lap . david she can not really talk right now . veronica's bedroom veronica slam down the receiver and pull up a sleek leather address book . she severely scan through it . toss it away , veronica then descend into the sundry junk of she night table drawer and draw up another address book ; this one be fray and pink polka-dotted . she peruse it and dial ..... veronica hello , Betty ..... ext . sawyer backyard --day betty finn hit she ball through a wicket and squeal in delight . veronica have a motherly smile on she face . betty I do not believe it . I be win . veronica do not get cocky , girl . betty bend down to shoot then raise she body back up . betty I miss you . I know I be not as , as exciting as you other friend . veronica that 's bullshit . just shoot . betty once again bend and raise . betty ronnie , I be still a virgin . veronica ( warmly ) shoot . betty finally shoot . feebly . veronica Betty , you daydream be a lot better than my reality , believe I . I be afraid though it 's time to get you butt kick . betty ronnie ! veoncia gigglingly shoot , but miss the wicket . and instead hit betty 's ball . disturb by the sudden dilemma , she determinedly walk to she ball and move it away from betty 's . betty hey , you be not settling for the two shot be you ? knock I out girl . it 's the only way . veronica it 's not my style , okay ? betty Nice guy finish last . I should know . veronica sigh then knock betty 's adjacent ball sailing toward the porch and a statuesque heather duke who do not budge as the ball whizze past she . heather duke brav-o ! betty finn ( nervously ) I have get to get go , Veronica . see you at the studio . veronica sure . see ya . heather duke walk toward the girl follow by a meander desultory heather mcnamara , who pick up a green mallet and fragilely swing it ; she early robustness a forget memory . heather mcnamara croquet will not be the same without Heather . heather duke hustle back toward a pass betty finn . heather duke oh Betty , wait . I almost forget ... the whitney James teenage suicide prevention t.v. special be not go to be tape at the studio . it 's go to be do in the Park . betty but I think ... heather duke ( head back ) it 's go to be like a big picnic . bring some potato salad ... hey , i'm red ! later in the game heather duke 's red ball slam into heather mcnamara 's green one . heather mcnamara shit . veronica so do you call people to tell they how to get to the studio tonight ? heather duke savagely " send " heather macnamara 's ball into the flower bed . heather duke back off . I call everyone , even that stoner slut . felt like give my phone a bath . I tell Betty just now ... damn ! heather duke 's shot swerve wide of the wicket . veronica you be so pollute . talk down to people , make fake note .... veronica blow she shot . heather duke I do not see what give you the right to lecture , ronnie . you be soulmate with Betty Finn until you realize you be the cover of seventeen magazine and she 's the before half of a scarsdale diet ad . heather duke bashes she ball into veronica 's and prepare to send it . heather duke some people just do not matter . why should that who do carry they weight ? be I right ? as heather duke swing down she mallet , veronica step on she own ball . when heather duke 's mallet make contact , the two ball slam against each other , unmove , with a loud smack . veronica no , you be wrong . it 's not even you turn . the depressed and disorient heather mcnamara , lay against a tree , pipe in . heather mcnamara she 's right ..... Boy , croquet 's not the same without Heather . int . wetc t.v. station --dusk in a sleek wetc station hallway , veronica sawyer , a Guest pass affix to she heart , hold she hand in a spurting drink fountain . she watch the water splash she car lighter burn-mark . veronica ich luge bullet . I be such a jerk . peter dawson beam toward she , wear a Guest pass . peter dawson Veronica , I think we lose you . veronica I be wait for my friend Betty . veronica look at she watch then join peter 's march down the hall . peter dawson teens talk it out on t.v.! would it be pretentious of I to attach a videocassette of the show on my Princeton application ? veronica shucks , that 's a great idea , Pete . they burst through the studio double door . studio veronica and peter take in a panorama of attractive , clean - cut student from various school chat near wine and cheese table set up to the side of a impressive , elevate , circular stage . all student be wear pink armband . peter dawson this be excellent , but I think we be go to get equal representation on this thind : geek , gearhead ... out of nowhere , a bubbling heather duke knot a pink armband around peter 's arm with a giggle . heather duke they be probably just be fashionably late . peter dawson prance off with a raucous laugh . veronica stare dumbfounded at the wick homogeneity of the student as heather duke tie a pink armband on she . heather duke be this very or what ? oh , you have gotta meet whitney James ! come on ! heather duke tug veronica across the crowded studio floor to where the wetc news set be situate . smoke casually in she anchor 's chair be the beautiful whitney jame . heather duke whitney , here 's my friend ..... whitney jame ah please sit down . heather duke glide away . veronica uncomfortably step onto the news set and move down next to whitney jame . whitney jame I get a confession to make . my name use to be Heather , too . veronica but my name 's not ... whitney jame people just do not take the name Heather seriously . they should , should not they ? wine and cheese table heather mcnamara surreptitiously pick up a bottle of wine and with a sad expression , proceed to down it . the news set veronica apologize to a blissfully oblivious whitney jame . veronica I be so sorry . I be lead to believe there be go to be different kind of social and psychological type at this gather . whitney jame oh , I be scared of the same thing , Heather . the minute you try to deal with the actual teenager who have contemplate suicide you be step into quicksand . quicksand fill with bad complexion , bad grade , bad parent , bad drug , and all sort of doody nobody want to hear let alone bend down to clean up . whitney jame tear open a bag of corn nut and shower some into she mouth . she speak as she suck and chew . whitney jame I be not knock teen suicide . it 's exciting stuff . my personal fave be that kid from load family grab the mike to whine how even though they bag a b.m.w. on they birthday , they be still quote- unquote depressed . it 's ridiculous . people who say money can not buy happiness do not know where to shop . whitney jame titter . veronica be a statue of mortification . ext . the neighborhood park --twilight in the neighborhood park , gloomy member of various clique sit in silence at picnic table . all be ludicrously wear Guest pass . betty finn mumble down to she potato salad . earl frazier stoically stare off into space . heavy metaler clyde hold a absurdly large picnic basket . clyde what the fuck ? news set completely flabbergasted , veronica manage a light tone . veronica the world want winner , I guess . not people stain with loserness . whitney jame stain with loserness . oh , I like it . can I use that . it would be dynamite on interoffice memoranda . veronica it 's all yours , Heather . now if you will excuse I , I be go to go throw up . whitney jame sure . ciao . studio floor sicken , veronica stumble onto the studio floor . Studio light suddenly pop on , momentarily blind she . pauline grab veronica by the arm and shout into the air . pauline everyone take they place on the stage ! ( to Veronica ) be not this thrill ?! veronica but Ms. Fleming , it 's just not right . pauline what , the wine ? I realize you be all under 21 , but it seem like such a perfect touch . ( shouting upward ) could we get some more light up here ? the stage the pink armband Aryan youth form a circle on the circular stage . pauline move to a microphone at the center stage beside a seat whitney jame who 's tuning she electric guitar . veronica helplessly stand between the circle of student and the two female host as the camera go on . pauline sing / speak into the microphone while whitney jame strum she guitar . pauline we school have be tear apart by tragedy . let 's fuse they back together through love . let 's clasp hand and connect ourselves in one mighty circuit like a dove . the student sthereally reach out to each other and clasp hand . veronica quiver for a moment then burst through a handhold heather duke and heather mcnamara and off the stage . pauline ( o.s. ) let 's begin a new happiness ... veronica swagger past a seat technician . he push up a console lever cause the outer edge of the stage , where the circle of hand - hold student be , to slowly spin around the sing pauline and the strumm whitney jame . pauline ... with no more suicide ... student ( eeriely ) oh yeah ... ripping off she pink armband , veronica freeze . stand at the wine and cheese table , gunslinger coat and all , be j.d . he turn around and raise he wine glass for a gleeful toast . j.d. Holy traumatic experience , batman . I be sorry you feel you have to put yourself through all that shit . I tell you it would not ... hey , it 's in the past already , right ? pauline no more problem .... devastate , veronica sway back toward the technician 's console . veronica oh yeah . veronica slam the lever back down force the spin circle of handhold , pink - armband student to crash to the ground around a take - aback pauline and whitney jame . j.d. cute . whitney jame playfully let off a hendrixian riff before coolly lean over to she microphone . whitney jame let 's go for another take . outside studio door veronica burst through the studio door , panting rapidly . she kick off she shoe and begin to jog barefoot through the station hallway , weaving through various reporter - type . ext . outside t.v. station --twilight veronica pop out the studio door , run faster . gravelly road she sprint down the side of a road . her bare foot pound against sharp pebble . the neighborhood park veronica now barrel through the neighborhood park . she look to she outcast classmate . in tableau , they stare back . betty finn on a park carousel spin in and out of view . promenade veronica speed past the shop and the movie theatre . the viewer remain at the theatre ticket booth as martha dunnstock / dumptruck wear a bigfun T-shirt , push three dollar through the ticket window to a bored female cashier . cashier bargain matinee be for the first show only . martha oh , I forget . martha put two crumpled buck through the window . the cashier shine a cruelly patronize smile . int . sawyer family /t.v. room --night veronica huff and puff into she family room where she mom and dad be watch t.v. dad hey Veronica , how would that teenage prevention t.v. suicide thing go ? veronica Color I educate . I learn high school happiness be for member only , pauline Fleming would not know reality if it live in she uterus , and reality 's name 's Heather James . also , j.d. 's a major creep . mom I do not know what you be talk about , honey , but can it wait a bit . we be watch this special program on Teen problem . veronica half - bitterly laugh at the irony . int . movie theatre the light of the screen flicker on a overwhelmingly sullen martha . she move she leg and knock a large Coke across the floor . she tragically stare at the cola pool . sawyer family /t.v. room a dan rather voice boom from the t.v. the sawyer stare . dan rather voice ( o.s. ) oh sure , I will bet even back when I go to school there be drug , even sex , but they be simpler time . the sherwood suicide tell the bitter truth of today 's young . what a waste ... oh veronica snap off the t.v. mom turn that back on ! veronica this condescending junk make suicide seem like a cool thing to do . hey kid , make you parent and teacher feel like shit ! get the respect in death you will never get in life . dad if we be not go to watch that program , can I put on the game ? mom be you try to tell I it be not a troubled time for the nation 's youth ? veronica everybody care for youth but nobody care about joey blow . when that news reporter get home he will scream at he son for not mow the lawn in the right pattern . mom I be lose . you do not get enough attention , you get too much attention . which be it ? where be you shoe ? veronica all we want be to be treat like human being , not like guinea pig to be experiment on and not like bunny rabbit to be patronize . dad I do not patronize bunny rabbit . mom treated like human being ? be that what you say little miss Voice of a generation ? just how do you think adult act with other adult ? you think it 's all just double tennis . adult can be horrible to other adult . when teenager complain that they want to be treat like human being , it 's usually because they be be treat like human being . veronica lean against the wall with a melancholy smile . veronica I guess I pick the wrong time to be a human be . mom be embarass for get so involved . she meekly gesture to a tray of pate with a compassionate smile . mom you will live . want some pate ? heather duke suddenly breeze in the room . heather duke hi everyone , door be open . Veronica , you miss it ! pauline and whitney James be up there do there suicide rap when the cop come in and announce that martha dumptruck try to buy the farm . she give the ticket girl at the colfax theatre a suicide note then bellyflop in front of a car . veronica ( repulse ) be she dead ? heather duke that 's the punchline . she 's still alive , in stable condition . another case of a geek try to imitate the popular people of the school and fail miserably . be that pate ? veronica slap heather duke in the face . int . veronica's bedroom --night heather duke pace the room hold a icepack to she jaw . veronica be on the ground wiping off she bloody foot . veronica I say I be sorry . heather duke you be out of control . Heather and kurt be a shock , but martha dumptruck , get crucial ! she dial suicide hotline in she diaper . veronica you be not funny . ouch ! veronica rub she foot . heather duk shake she head . heather duke ( Heather chandleresque ) what. A. martyr . understand ; martha could not take the heat so she get out of the kitchen . just think what a better place the world would be if every nimrod follow she cue . veronica just shut up and turn on the radio . hot prob be on . heather duke oh shit , yeah . heather duke hasten to the radio and flick it on . ripping open a bag of corn nut , she set herself down next to veronica as a troubled male voice cut the air . troubled male voice ( Radio ) I know it 's suppose to be funny that they never get off the island , but still , sometimes I feel like I be on that island and gilligan can be just so stupid sometimes . heather duke this sound like a good one . int . radio station booth a slob d.j. cackle into a w.e.t.c. conference call - type box . d.j. dude , you have get to remember if it be not for the courage of the fearless crew , the minnow would be lose . the minnow would be lose ! next call ! troubled male voice but skipper hate I .... the d.j. rudely click off the troubled male voice . d.j. whoa , they be come out early tonight . what ever happen to teen pregnancy and acne ? you have get the dogcatcher on W etcetera and you be listen to hot prob . who be I talk to ? int . heather mcnamara's bedroom --night heather mcnamara be sit clandestinely on she bedroom floor talk on the phone and through she radio . a dim minnie mouse lamp provide the room 's only light . heather mcnamara my name be Heather , I mean , not Heather . heather mcnamara look up at a madonna poster on the wall . heather mcnamara it 's madonna . geez , no , not that . heather mcnamara look up to she minnie mouse lamp . veronica's bedroom veronica and heather duke simultaneously move into stunne kneel position , half - realize who the caller be ... d.j. ( radio ) hey babe , I need a name ? radio station booth the d.j. look to the conference call box with exasperation . heather mcnamara ( box ) my name be minnie . d.j. ah , minnie . do not tell I , mickey just confess he get a.i.d.s. from goofy at a New Year 's Eve Party . heather mcnamara's bedroom a broken- down heather mcnamara sob . heather mcnamara God have curse I , I think . the last time I have sex , the guy kill himself the next day . I be fail math . veronica's bedroom heather duke excitedlly jump up as heather mcnamara drone on . heather duke heather mcnamara ( radio ) Holy shit , that 's my whole life be a mess . Heather ! we will I be suppose to be crucify she ! captain of the cheerlead team , but I probably will not veronica because I miss practice when oh man , she know we my dad visit . my parent listen to this show ! be divorced and stuff and .... int . classroom --day a blackboard read poor little heather . veronica ( v.o. ) Heather tell everyone about Heather . heather mcnamara be reveal in the front row wear she cheerleader uniform . to the leave , heather duke dish with some dreamy guy . at the back of the classroom , veronica , monocle in eye , write in she diary . veronica ( v.o. ) yes , dear Diary , I have cut off Heather Chandler 's head and Heather Duke 's head have sproute in its place like some mythological thing my eighth grade boyfriend would know about . Heather 's even do the old note trick . a homely girl be see read a note , glance to a typical jock . veronica take in the wick panorama of the classroom . veronica ( v.o. ) I do it j.d. 's way . I do it pauline 's way . nothing 's change . I guess that 's Heather 's way . and jesus , what about j.d .? I can not get he out of my head . be we go to the prom ? or to Hell ? and where 's Heather go ? heather mcnamara suddenly rise and walk out of the classroom , pass a gruff teacher in a trenchcoat , carry a briefcase . gruff teacher where 's Heather go ? heather duke she 's go to cry-y-y . int . girl bathroom --day heather mcnamara struggle to open a bottle of sleep pill . heather mcnamara Fucking child protector cap . the gruff teacher's classroom gruff teacher write a math problem on the board . a flustered veronica squirm in she seat then leap up and run to the door . gruff teacher now where 's she go ? be somebody get rape today on all my Children or what ? girl bathroom the bottle be smashed open . a palmful of pill be pour out . hallway veronica race down the hall . girl bathroom heather mcnamara be a chipmunk with a mouthful of pill . she pull a glass from she purse and turn on a faucet , but no water come out . she manage to mumble . heather mcnamara give I a break . heather mcnamara get run water from another sink as veronica rush in . veronica punch heather mcnamara 's face cause the pill to explode out of she mouth . heather mcnamara slump against a stall , onto the floor . heather mcnamara what be you try to do ? kill I ? veronica jump up and down on the pill on the floor . veronica what be you try to do ? sleep ? heather mcnamara suicide be a private thing . veronica lunge forward to strike she . heather mcnamara recoil with a wail . half -regain she composure , veronica slide down next to heather mcnamara . veronica you be give you life away to become a goddamn statistic in U.S. Fucking a today . that 's get to be the least private thing I can think of . heather mcnamara but what about Heather and Ram and kurt ? veronica if everyone jump off a bridge , young lady , would you ? heather mcnamara wipe tear from she eye and smile weakly . heather mcnamara probably .... veronica hey now , if you be happy every day of you life , you would not be a human be , you would be a game show host . heather mcnamara let 's knock off early . go to the mall . something lame like that . veronica sure . int . the empty classroom --day comfortably slouched at a desk , j.d. laconically rumble . j.d . so it 's come to this . ( turn to the viewer ) Heather Chandler do poll . I want you to do a petition , as a favor , as the favor . do you know the group Big fun ? heather duke sit at the desk opposite he torch the manilla envelope ( photograph ) with a butane lighter . heather duke teenage suicide ; don't do it ! j.d. ( post -chortle ) some teenybopper rag say Big fun want to play a prom . it could be westerburg 's if we can get everyone 's John hancock . j.d. flip across a stack of blank , connect computer printout sheet . at the top be a small paragraph and the word petition . heather duke blow ash off she desk and grab it , giggle . heather duke I will get right on it coach . and hey , a little gift . I will not be need it . heather duke twirl she copy of catcher in the Rye to a pleased j.d . int . staircase window --day heather duke gothically ascend a staircase , hold the petition . she stop , arm raise high , to bathe in the sunlight blast through the staircase window . int . cafeteria --day heather duke , petition in hand , sashays toward the country Club kid table . courtney oh great . here come Heather . courtney' friend shit . int . school bus --day heather duke chirp to a schoolbusful of various student . ext . bleacher --day the provocatively dress petitioner charm a bleacher of jock . staircase window heather duke continue to bizarrely bathe in the sunlight of the staircase window . int . fast food restaurant--night now in heavy Metal gear , heather duke slam down the petition atop a booth of metalhead . int . the smoke -filled hallway --day 139 decked out in denim , heather duke vanish into the stoner hallway smoke , with the petition . the staircase window heather duke further writhes in the sunlight until veronica 's perplex voice cut into she bliss . veronica ( o.s. ) Heather ? heather duke bring down she arm and the petition and turn to veronica , reveal to be descend down the step . heather duke Veronica ! Color I stoke , girl . I have get everyone to sign this petition even the one who think Big fun be tuneless eurofag . people love I ! ( giggle ) my God , you have not sign ! veronica people love you but I know you . Jennifer forbe tell I the petition she sign be to put a jacuzzi in the cafeteria . and Doug hylton ... heather duke ( verbally winking ) so some people need different kind of " convincing " than other .... ( happiness evaporate ) hey , just sign the petition ! veronica do not talk to I like that . heather duke it be j.d. 's idea ! he make out the signature sheet and everything . now will you sign it ? veronica ( queasy ) no . heather duke jealous much ? veronica slap heather duke with all she might . veronica Heather , why can not you just be a friend ? why be you such a megabitch ? heather duke because I can be ! the same fuck cheek , goddamnit ! why be you pull my dick ? do you think , do you really think , if Betty Finn 's fairy godmother make she cool , she would still act nice and hang with she dweebette friend ? no way ! uh - uh ! heather duke stumble down the stair . j.d. 's voice cut into veronica 's concentration . j.d. ( o.s. ) wanna go out tonight ? veronica grimly turn to see a smirk , descend j.d. j.d. catch a movie ? miniature golf ? veronica ( jokingly but caustically ) I be think more along the line of slitting Heather Duke 's wrist open and make it look like a suicide . j.d. I could be up for that . I have already start underline meaningful passage in Heather 's copy of catcher in the Rye , if you know what I mean . so be we on ? veronica somberly step forward to j.d. , grab he elbow , then pull he gently , seemingly for a kiss . she spit in he face and bolt down the stair , call up to he . veronica it 's over , j.d. over ! j.d. I do not get it ! you be wrong ! I be right ! strength , damnit ! come back ! int . sawyer live room --dusk intensely clutching she schoolbook , veronica walk through the front door into the live room where mom and dad sit with aggressively compassionate face . veronica be a bit confuse . veronica yes ? mom and dad glance at each other before mom speak . mom you friend Jason Dean just stop by . he seem very concerned about you . he say he think you might try to kill yourself . dad you have be depressed lately . oh , he say this be for you . dad hold out a envelope . veronica nab it and rip it open . the note read , in feminine manuscript : recognize the handwriting ? veronica oh my God .... veronica run off , she mother 's voice trail behind she . mom ( o.s. ) he say we should keep you away from sharp object , close garage , toxic ... veronica's bedroom veronica vault through she bedroom door . a barbie doll wear a bigfun T-shirt hang from a noose . with a whimper , she swerve away from it and dive onto she bed . ext . outside the sawyer house -- night j.d. laconically lean against he motorcycle with he leg suavely cross . he look up to Veronica 's bedroom window and hear another whimper emerge . he put a cigarette in he mouth and light it with a smile . veronica's bedroom veronica curl into a fetal position on she bed and close she eye ..... tighter and tighter as j.d. 's voice . j.d. ( o.s. ) " you can not ever find a place nice and peaceful because there be not any . " veronica flop around to see j.d. kneel over she on she bed read Heather Duke 's copy of the catcher in the Rye . j.d. Nice . it 's get that catcher - in- the - ryey - i-hate - the-world - and - the-world - hate - I - so-let 's - commit-suicide ambience . give it a try , underline something . j.d. giddily underline word then slide into a prone position , toss the book to a enraged veronica . veronica get off my bed , you sick psycho ! you think you be a rebel ! you be not a rebel ! you be a sick psycho ! do you think you be a rebel ? do you think you be a rebel ? I wanna know ! j.d . " you say tomayto , I say tomahto . let 's call the whole thing off ... hold it ! veronica freeze and j.d. reach up to she hand where she hold the catcher in the Rye . her index finger be curl into the book . sitting up , j.d. carefully open the book at that place and peer in . j.d. look at that . eskimo . one word . I love it . I usually go for whole sentence myself , but hey this be perfecto . eskimo . so mysterious ... veronica wait a .... you be not listen ! I be not on you side .... j.d. obliviously underline the word then pull the flail veronica up like a enthusiastic camp counselor . int . the duke kitchen --night the sound of a lock be jimmied be hear moment before veronica and j.d. burst through the door . j.d. move to the dishwasher and open it like a burglar open a safe . veronica you be still not listen ! I be not .. j.d. ( pull out the knife ) nag , nag , nag , nag. nag . veronica ( take the knife from he ) this knife be filthy . j.d . what in the hell do you think I be do ? take out she tonsils ? veronica I think I know Heather a bit better than you , okay ? if she be go to slash she wrist , the knife would be absolutely spotless . j.d. grab a dishtowel and vigorously wipe off the knife . j.d. how 's this ? can you see you fuck reflection ? she can and so can the viewer . tear well in veronica 's eye . she begin to shudder , a shattered smile quaking on she face . veronica tomorrow someone else will move into she place . that person could be I . ( suddenly deliriously defiant ) ha , there 's only one of we who know Heather 's handwrite and if you think I be do another suicide note . j.d. ( laugh ) you do not get it , do you ? Society nod its head at any horror the american teenager can think to bring upon itself . we do not need glove and do anyone really care about exact handwrite ? j.d. tear he glove off with a giggle . he take a pen from the kitchen counter and paper from a cutesy memo pad . he shove the pen in veronica 's hand and grab she hand , force she to scribble life suck on the paper . j.d. perfecto . man , I have even get a mark - up catcher in the Rye . what else do a suicide need ? j.d. pull out the copy of the catcher in the Rye and open a door revealing heather duke , asleep in a artful pose on a couch , MTV image from the t.v. flash against she . j.d. ( raise the knife ) if you will excuse I ...... veronica no-o! j.d. hop in the adjoinge room and slam the door . veronica race to the door wail . she maniacally rattles the doorknob try to open the lock door . int . a anoynymous t.v. the sound of the rattling doorknob subtly turn into wild African music thunder on the soundtrack as whitney jame , in a t.v. screen , maniacally address the viewer . a shiny number 4 flash on and off in the corner . int . newspaper / yearbook workshop --day in speed - up imagery , dennis , peter , and the yearbook girl manuever picture of heather chandler , kurt , ram , and heather duke in mind - bogglingly countless way in order to accomodate they all on the same two page layout . int . front of the cafeteria --day with even more speed - up imagery , four student wear " what a waste , oh the humanity " t-shirt toss out ton of black armband into a hungry crowd . int . funeral home --day the wild African music and the speed up imagery slam to a halt at the sigh of heather duke lie serenely in a coffin . father faust wear dark sunglass and a terrifying toupee , walk in front of she to address a sizable group of adult and student sit in foldout chair before he . father faust dramatically look over the crowd before finally speak . father ripper eskimo . father ripper let the word hang in the air , then hold up the copy of the catcher in the Rye . father ripper Heather Duke underline a lot of thing in this copy of the catcher in the Rye , but I believe the word eskimo , underline all by itself be the key to understanding Heather 's pain . veronica stand in a corner with a " oh brother " look on she face . father ripper on the surface , Heather Duke be the vivacious young lady we all know she to be . but she soul be in antartica , freezing with the knowledge of the way fellow teenager can be cruel , the way parent can be unresponsive , and as she write so eloquently in she suicide note , the way life can suck . we will all miss sherwood 's little eskimo . let 's hope she 's rub nose with Jesus . heather chandler move next to veronica hold a plate of steaming spaghetti . she be wear nerdy glass and something that look like a intergalactic prison unifrom . heather chandler be this turnout weak or what ? I have at least seventy more people at my funeral . veronica Heather ? wha ... heather chandler oh God Veronica , my afterlife be s-o - of boring . if I have to sing " kumbaya " one more time ... veronica what be you do here ?! heather chandler I make you favorite . spaghetti . lot of oregano . with a squeal , heather chandler plunge veronica 's face into the plate of spaghetti . heather chandler dinner ! int . veronica's bedroom --night uncurl from the fetal position that she have fall asleep in , veronica 's tightly close eye snap open in a sweat as she mother 's voice continue to filter through the door . it 's all be a dream ........... mom ( o.s. ) dinner ! Veronica ! dinner ! veronica close she eye and hold she heart . she suddenly launch to she desk , open she diary , shove on she monocle , catch she breath , and begin write . veronica ( o.s. ) dear Diary , no one can stop j.d. not the f.b.i. , the c.i.a. , or the p.t.a . that be to say , no one but I . I know where j.d. be come from and where he be head . he 's wrong , but I be go to teach he what 's right . I be go to stop j.d .... if it 's the last thing I do . veronica lean back in she chair , sweat . she reach in the pocket of a blazer drape over the back of the chair and pull out the cigarette j.d. have give she eariler in the film . she put it in she mouth unlit then take it out and put it back in the blazer . ext . outside the sawyer home -- night j.d. remain laconically lean against he motorcycle with he leg suavely cross as he be before Veronica begin dream . j.d. finish he cigarette and pull out a gun . he check the bullet , put the gun back in he coat , and head toward the house . veronica's bedroom veronica hug j.f.k. the cat then rip down the hang barbie . ext . the sawyer front yard j.d. lean a ladder against the sawyer house . int . the sawyer dinner table mom set down three plate of spaghetti . dad watch on . mom do she want a write invitation ? ( yell upward ) Veronica ! dinner ! veronica's bedroom j.d. crawl through veronica 's window . hanging from the rafter , neck in a noose of bedshoot , be veronica . int . the sawyer dinner table mom set a glass of milk at veronica 's place , distress . mom honey ? veronica's bedroom j.d. pace the room , sweat and ranting , wave a gun in one hand , the barbie doll in the other . j.d . I can not believe you do it . I be teasing . I love you . sure , I climb up here to kill you , but first I be go to try and get you back . with amazing petition . j.d. throw the gun on the bed and pull from he coat the computer printout sheet petition , then savagely roll it out on the floor . it be fill with signature of different size , style , and color . j.f.k. blink . j.d . it 's a shame you can not see what we fellow student really sign . j.d. flick open a switchblade . he run the blade beneath the type paragraph at the top cause it to peel off , reavealing another type paragraph . j.d. listen . " we student of westerburg High will die . today . we burn body will be the ultimate protest to a society that degrade be . fuck you all . " not that subtle but neither 's blow up the school . talk about you suicide pact . when we school explode tomorrow , it 's go to be the kind of thing that infect a generation . a woodstock for the 80' . damn , we coulda toast marshmallow together . mom ( o.s. ) honey , be you all right in there ? j.d. swiftly pick up the petition and head out the window . mom enter the room and , see she hang daughter , launch into frantic scream . mom oh God , I know it ! no , no ! I want my baby back ! I should have let you keep that job at the mall . I be just afraid of you come home alone at night ! veronica open she eye . mom I make you favorite ! spaghetti ! lot of oregano ! veronica undo the noose around she neck but still remain hang for the rope run all the way down she back beneath she blazer and be tie around she waist . she undo the waist - knot and land on she bed . she quickly put a small pillow over the leave -behind gun , unnotice by she daze mom . veronica hey Mom , why so tense ? the sawyer dinner table montage music play as veronica rear up from she dinner plate to see she stoneface parent and she cat stare at she . int . j.d. be bedroom --night j.d. tool with a bomb at he desk . a knock on the door . j.d. turn down he stereo ( and the montage music ) . fred dean ( o.s. ) I need some help with my homework ... j.d. sorry tiger , I be a little busy .... j.d. turn back up he stereo ( and the montage music ) . ext . front of westerberg high --morning the montage music continue as school bus arrive in front of the school . student pour out . ext . school parking lot--morning student come out of they car . int . hallway --morning typically hectic start-of-another - day-open -and-slamming - of - locker-action . veronica dart through the thoroughfare to she locker . a pass pauline fleming screech to a halt , grab veronica as she choke on some styrofoam cup coffee . pauline Veronica ! j.d. tell I you commit suicide last night ! veronica where be he ? where 's j.d.? pauline we have to talk . whether to kill yourself be one of the most important decision a teenager have to make . veronica get a job . veronica storm away to she nearby locker . she swirl she locker combination and open it . she glance down the hall and freeze . in the distance , j.d. move mechanically down the hallway carry a large gym bag , wear a walkman . veronica climb into she locker . she close it until it be barely perceptibly ajar . j.d. stride past the locker and into the boy bathroom . boy bathroom j.d smoothly move into a stall and close the door . he turn off he walkman and end the montage music . the hallway the hallway slowly clear as student go to class . the bell ring . a late student race through the empty hallway . veronica carefully hatches out of she locker . she tread down the hallway as if something be about to jump out at she . the gym a group of cheerleader include heather mcnamara be lazily do cartwheel on the gym floor . on a small stage set up beside they , other student be put up fold chair . principal gowan say " test " into a microphone . j.d. , tote the gym bag , quietly open the gym door and slip inside . he swiftly move unnotice to a position underneath the bleacher . the hallway veronica peer around a corner to see a empty hallway . under the bleacher use heavy black mask tape , j.d. tape a thermal bomb to a steel support beneath the bleacher . other thermal bomb can be discern tape to other support . the empty hallway veronica cautiously tread down the empty hallway , try to keep in control . suddenly , pack of student burst from classroom door behind veronica . the excited swarm of student move toward and past veronica , who have brake she troubled tread to stiffly contemplate she pass peer . she latch onto geek rodney in a panic . rodney look down at he clutch arm with a nervous smile . veronica rodney , where 's everybody go ? rodney it 's Friday ..... veronica oh my God , the damn pep assembly .... rodney yeah , this thing be pretty artificial , but at least we all get out of class ... veronica ignore rodney 's amiable attemot at conversation to inquisitively move forward through the crowd . the gym j.d. dart from out underneath the bleacher to the gym door . he pop the door open and see the crowd of student move toward the gym . he suavely pause then dash down a nearby set of stair . the hallway leading to the gym veronica continue to tensely surf the tidal wave of student head for the gymnasium . she stop to watch she classmate file into the gym like lemming with increase sense of dread . she again latch onto a pass rodney . veronica rodney , what 's underneath the gym ? rodney ( unconsciously ) dramatically stop , turn to veronica . and say ........ rodney the boiler room . veronica blanch then lunge through the crowd . she topple a couple disgruntled student before careen down the staircase beside the gym . hallway outside the boiler room j.d. walk by the firm glass window of the boiler room , eyeing the pound generator inside . he stop at a heavy steel door . place down he gym bag , j.d. proceed to swiftly pick the lock . he swing open the steel door . veronica ( o.s. ) May I see you hall pass ? j.d. weild around . a sweat veronica move toward he , point the bedroom gun at he . j.d . I know that loose be too noose ! I mean , noose too loose ! goddamn you ! veronica like father , like son . a serious - as - fuck bomb in the boiler room that will set off a pack of thermal upstairs . okay , so let 's start by slowly put the bomb down on the ground . j.d. look down at the gym bag already on the ground . he fold he arm and smile . veronica forcefully move closer . veronica okay , okay . I know that . I know that . put you hand on you head . j.d. you do not say Simon say . j.d. suddenly kick out into veronica 's stomach , double she over and cause she to drop the gun . j.d. gracefully retrieve it . the gym the pep assembly be in full swing with rowdy student in the bleacher earthily shouting , giggle cheerleader make sway pyramid , valiant band member struggle to be hear . various jock , include earl , stand on the stage with principal gowan as a yearbook photographer flash away . the hallway before the boiler room veronica bend over quivering and clutching she bruise rib . j.d. raise the gun to she head . j.d. live by the sword ... veronica swing she leave arm up knock j.d. 's gun hand upward . she then sail she right fist into he face . the blow annoys he more than it hurt he but j.d. 's momentary loss of composure allow veronica to come in with another much harder right hook . the blow send j.d. stumbling back against the boiler room , jarring the gun loose . they simultaneously lunge for the gun . veronica , have the better grip , pull so forecfully that after wrenching the gun from j.d. , she lose control of it , fling it down the hall . veronica pop up to retrieve it but j.d. move he leg scissors - style around she and trip she . the prep assembly the assembly mindlessly blare on . cheerleader heather mcnamara rah-rah-rahs . rodney and the other geek pass around a pair of opera glass , all intensely scoping out the cheerleader . a group of stoner toke away beneath the bleacher , one of they lackadaisically lean against a thermal bomb . the boiler room hallway a snarling j.d. stand up , pull veronica with he . j.d . you think just because you start this thing , you can end it ? j.d. violently kiss / bite veronica . while kissing , veronica see a fire alarm on a nearby wall . she close she eye then savagely knee j.d. in the groin . veronica bolt to the alarm and pull it down . nothing happen . j.d. gasp . j.d . you , really do not think I would , forget , forget , to disconnect the .... veronica rocket she body down and pick up the gun . j.d. grab she and throw she against the steel boiler room door . a jostle veronica raise the gun . j.d. howl then bound toward veronica , cause they both to careen down the steel step of the boiler room . at the same time , he inadvertently kick the gym bag / bomb down along with they . the gun spin from veronica 's hand and slide away . the bomb fly out of the bag onto the boiler room floor . a digital clock on the bomb click on at 5:00 .... 4:59 .... 4:58 ... the pep assembly the frenzied pep assembly crowd be now do " the Wave " . betty finn and she similar co-hort deliriously get into the act , all sit in a circle at the bottom row of the bleacher , pout as student bounce up and down around they . earl and the other jock stand on the stage grin and preen before the crowd . the boiler room veronica and j.d. be in a heap at the bottom of the boiler room step . veronica faintly work into a semi-sitting position and give a astonished glance to the bomb , its digital clock click to 3:00 . veronica crawl to the gun and level it at a rouse - up j.d . veronica the bomb 's go on , j.d .! how do you turn it off ? tell I ! fully stand , j.d. flick open he switchblade . he give veronica " the finger , " scream in explode saliva ... j.d. fuck you ! seethe , veronica shoot up at j.d. blow off " the finger . " shriek in pain , j.d. drop the knife to hold this sudden geyser of blood . veronica achingly stand , point the gun . the bomb click down to 2:25 . veronica it 's all over , j.d . help I to stop it . j.d . you want to wipe the slate clean as much as I do . okay , so maybe I be kill everyone in the school because nobody love I . you have a purpose though ! remember ? let 's face it , the only place different social type can genuinely get along with each other be in heaven . veronica fire the gun at j.d. 's foot . the bomb click to 1:49 . veronica how do you turn the fucker off ? j.d . you be not listen . people be go to look at the ash of westerburg and say there 's a school that self - destruct not because society do not care , but because that school be society . be that deep or what ? I will let you put it in you diary , babe . free of charge . veronica the bomb , asshole ! j.d. just push the red button twice . that 's what stop it . if that 's what you want , babe ? veronica you know what I want , babe ? j.d. what ? veronica fire the gun twice into j.d. 's throat . cough and moan , he splatter against a generator . veronica cool guy like you out of my life . veronica saunter to j.d. 's writhe body . veronica but babe , do not worry , this here be ich luge bullet . j.d. close he eye and slump to the ground . veronica turn to the bomb and crouch over it . a light green light be next to a green button . above it , a unlit red light be next to a red button . the bomb 's digital clock click to 00:17 . veronica press the red button twice , turn on the red light and stop the clock . veronica fall back into a sit position and sorely exhales , tear stream down she face . the pep assembly a cheerleader do a cartwheel in slow motion as eerie music play . the manic crowd in the bleacher vibrate in slow motion as well . at normal speed , veronica walk to the door of the gym and peer in . the panorama of roaring student , pose jock , and prancing cheerleader continue to unfold in slow motion . veronica walk away from the gym . ext . the front of the school day veronica wearily push open the front door and emerge outside of the school . she close she eye to therapeutically bask in the sun 's ray . a slight smile tremble onto she face . a strange voice kill it . j.d. ( o.s. ) Color I impressed . j.d. stand starkly in the distance before she , blood spurting from he throat onto he gunslinger coat . he painfully speak through he assasinate vocal cord . j.d . you really fuck I up , Veronica . veronica ( vertigo city ) I think I ...you .. j.d . you have get power , Veronica . power I do not think you have . the slate be clean . j.d. pull open he coat revealing that the bomb be attach to he torso . the green light be on and the clock say 00:10..00:09 . j.d. pretend I do blow up the school . all the school . now that you be dead , what be you gonna do with you life ? veronica take the unlit cigrette from she blazer pocket and put it in she mouth . she then folsd she arm . veronica perfecto . j.d. raise he arm in a crucifixion pose as the bomb click to 0:00 . nothing happen . a annoyed j.d. break out of he crucifixion stance and rap the bomb with he palm . the pep assembly the sound of the bomb explosion plunge the cheer up - and - down pep assembly into chaos . wailing student pour out of the bleacher scream less out of fear than a " whoa dude " sense of excitement . the front of the school veronica stand in the same position in front of the school with she arm still fold . only now she cigarette be light and she face and clothes be blacken in ash . flame flicker in bush behind she . veronica drag on the cigarette and turn to go inside . int . the front hallway veronica stroll into the school and into a hallway of howling student , some of whom be tear down prom banner for the thrill of it . heather duke rush up to veronica and grimace . heather duke Veronica , you look like hell . veronica yeah , I just get back . veronica toss away the cigarette . she then grab heather duke by the shoulder and forcibly turn she around . heather duke what be you do ? veronica Heather , my love , there 's a new sheriff in town . veronica take off heather duke 's red ribbon and tie it around the hair of she own head . she kiss heather duke on the cheek , leave a black stain . veronica call off . veronica hey , martha , wait up . martha dunnstock / dumptruck reveal to be in a electric wheelchair , brake to a stop and look to Veronica , confuse . veronica walk up beside she . martha start up she wheelchair and accompany veronica away into a desert hallway . veronica my date for the prom kind of flake out on I , so I think if you be not do anything that night we could go to the video store and rent some new release or something . maybe pop some popcorn . martha I would like that . veronica so would I . veronica and martha continue glide down the hall bogart / Rain style .