heat by Michael Mann for educational purpose only revised draft March 3 , 1994 convert to pdf by screentalk www.screentalk.org ext . cedar -sinai - wide - day a monolith with alienate foreground . a bus pull in on beverly . neil mccauley and a nurse get off . Neil carry a paper bag and wear white pants like a hospital attendant . Neil be a ice-cold professional : very big , very tough . at 42 he short black hair be gray . he spend eight year in mcneil and three in San quentin . he get out and hit the street in 1987 . four of the mcneil year be spend in the hole . Neil 's voice be street , but he language be precise like a engineer 's . he 's very careful and very good . Neil run a professional crew that pull down high line , high number score and do it anyway the score have to be take down : if on the prowl ( a burglary ) , that 's fine ; if they have to go in strong ( armed ) , that 's fine too . and if you get in they way , that 's get to be you problem . his lifestyle be obsessively functional . there 's no steady woman or any encumbrance . Neil mccauley keep it so there 's nothing he could not walk from in 30 second flat . angle right now , he enter the big double door and pull a white intern 's coat from he paper bag . CUT to : int . cedar -sinai corridor - traveling two shot - day we dolly on Neil as he cross through the long crowded corridor . patient , nurse , intern and doctor pass by . a p.a. broadcast occasional message . profile nail cross under a " emergency " sign and keep go towards the exit door . traveling - frontal Neil approach the camera . from the other direction two ambulance attendant wheel a old man under oxygen and pass by Neil . CUT to : wide rear shot without break he stride from the moment he get off the bus , Neil exit through the door , examine four ambulance park in the slot , climb into one and drive off . maybe he 's steal it . we do not know . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. ext . R &amp ; C construction supplies - on CHRIS - day CHRIS shiherlis cross past stack of gravel and cement with a white - coat black clerk . Chris wear a hard hat over a mongol cut , Levi 's , black boot and a sleeveless sweat shirt and carry on one shoulder a 150 lb. , red , milwaukee tool company case . he look like a construction worker by day who by night hit l.a 's slam , jam and rave . he 's 29 , from Austin , Texas . Chris be also a highline pro : a boxman who know five way to open any safe make . right now he 's buy a hollow core drill . he and mccauley be cellmate in San quentin penitentiary from 1984 to 1987 . Chris hit the street in 1988 . he 's a hot dog and spend money as fast as he make it . right now , he and the clerk exit to the sale counter . CUT to : ext . sale counter - two shot as they approach , the clerk go behind it . clerk what you work on ? CHRIS drillin ' some post hole into concrete ... clerk ( be : toolcase ) with that you can ream solid steel . check , charge , or cash ? CHRIS Cash . put " Jack 's fencing " on the receipt . clerk $ 788 . 30 Chris pay ; clerk write receipt . clerk ( continue ) ... that a good racket ? I ought to get out from behind this counter ... CHRIS ( take receipt ) yeah . ( beat ) take it easy . he leave with the heavy red case . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. int . " toy ' r' US store " - on cerrito - day michael cerrito - at 40 - be look at a doll house . he 's a wide , thick , coarse - feature big man . sicilian from sunnyside , he 's spend 15 year in attica , joliet and marion penitentiary . he 's strictly a " cowboy " : he natural inclination towards a score be " ... get the gun and let 's go . " he 's be off smack and everything else for five year . he 's clean and sober . he 's the nicest guy on the block and a loving father . if you get in he way , he will kill you as soon as look at you . if you ask he about the contradiction , he would not know what you be talk about . close or doll house detail it 's 3 x 6 and two foot high . miniature room set be inside . cerrito 's thick finger close the door . he pick it up . widen . he cross to a counter and middle - aged clerk . cerrito wrap this here up . clerk yessir . you be go to have a happy little girl . cerrito two . I get two girl . clerk that 's nice . cerrito yeah . and gimme that three mask there . clerk take down Clark gable , Three -ey monster , and beautiful Lady , full - head rubber mask . cerrito ( continue ) gimme Donald duck , too clerk ( do and laugh ) a little early for Halloween ? cerrito yeah . Halloween 's come early this year . what do I owe you ? CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. int . condominium - a hand - morning slide across the back of justine be thigh . justine's and hanna' face she be 29 , auburn , languorous , she eye be close and she make love with she husband , vincent hanna . press she face to he , they hair intertwined ... it 's morning . we be in a expensive condominium . wide the two body lock into the rhythm of they love- make , twisted in white sheet . off screen a shower run . CUT to : int . shower - hanna be in it . the water stream off he body . the glass be mist . he turn off only the hot and breathes fast in the cold spray . off screen a cigarette lighter click . CUT to : bedroom - justine smoking , still under the white sheet , watch hanna dress . justine ... take I out to breakfast ? hanna ( look at watch ) can not . bosko 's wait .. lauren ( pass door ) hi Vincent . Mom , where 's my barrettes ? lauren , Justine 's daughter , be 15 and tall and anxious . hanna hi , sweetie . justine I see they on the kitchen ( to hanna ) want I to make coffee ? hanna ( to lauren in other room ) no school today ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5. lauren ( o.s. ) daddy 's pick I up ! we be go to see the new site and then shopping and lunch . ( beat ) they be not on the table . justine then I do not know ... ( to hanna ) he 's already half a hour late . hanna he gonna show ? or the son of a bitch gonna stand she up like last time ? hanna clip a 2 " .38 in he waistband . Justine shrug and shake she head . justine ( start out of bed ) want the coffee ? hanna I be out of time ... he leave . justine Falls back on the pillow , disappointed . it 's as if she would be stand -up . the bed sheet fall half off of she . she 's expose , vulnerable . she look out the window , occlude by light muslin , away from we and exhales . CUT to : int . macarthur park , men' room - on waingro - day bare-chest wash at a sink . waingro' 27 . he sport prison tattoo include a Aryan Brotherhood swastika cover he abdomen . he 's a graduate of the " gladiator academy , " chino and Tracy . he 's dress in Army and navy store gray workman 's clothes . he comb he long hair straight back off he round forehead . now he tuck he shirt in and put on wrap around shade . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 6. ext . macarthur park - waingro wait . his shell jacket be in a tight roll under he arm . then a garbage truck - a Dempsey dumpster ( the kind with a power forklift on the front ) - pull up . CUT to : int . truck - wide - day Michael cerrito be the driver . cerrito you waingro ? waingro yeah . he climb in . cerrito pull out . waingro - delay - offer he hand . cerrito have to wait until he finish he gear change to shake it . the timing 's a little weird . waingro ( continue loud ) you be cerrito huh ? ( pause ) what kinda guy be this Neil ? cerrito ( loud ) okay . just do like he say . exactly ... like ... he ... say . they have to talk loudly over the clapped - out engine's noise . CUT to : ext . alley - on garbage truck - day it 's abruptly quiet . the truck 's park . the two man sit idly . waingro finish take - out coffee and toss the empty . int . truck - cerrito light a cigarette . belatedly , he offer one to waingro . waingro light up . the two man relax under the swirl of blue smoke . waingro you guy always work together ? cerrito all the time . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7. waingro Real tight crew , huh ? cerrito that 's right . awkward pause . waingro this work good , maybe I could go again ? cerrito look at waingro . he want to protect he concentration . cerrito yeah . stop talk , slick ... it end the conversation . waingro drum he fingernails on the dash . he 's anxious . CUT to : chevy towtruck - on towner - day towner be a sloppy , nondescript man in he 40' . he slouches behind the wheel . a bearcat 210 scanner be under the dash and a walkie-talkie on the seat . as in the garbage truck , it 's quiet and he wait . then : neil ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) you ready if I need you ? towner ( into radio ; low ) yeah . neil ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) get they air ? towner yeah . at a low level we hear police call . CUT to : int . ambulance - two shot - day Chris and Neil be sit in the front seat of the ambulance Neil drive away from the hospital . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. radio announcer ( radio filter ) ... daddio 's jazz patio on kdca . bring to you this fine day , which be a-okay , by twister . hey , mister , go out and buy a bottle of that twister ... wiiiiiine ... neil turn it off . Chris turn it off . a little anxiety develop . CUT to : int . garbage truck - two shot - day cerrito ( check watch ) time . waingro stub out he cigarette in nervous jab . cerrito pull from a paper bag two of the rubber mask he buy and surgical glove . he and waingro put they on quickly . cerrito have the monster mask three eye and a twisted mouth . waingro be a beautiful woman . they movement now be very fast . cerrito pull the truck out of the alley . cerrito's Pov : as we approach the street a armored truck pass by . we fall in behind . at this point we realize this man be go to pull down a armed robbery of this armored truck . but , we turn left . the armored truck go straight . then we turn right . however we see the armored truck again . it turn leave . we path will intersect at 90 degree . meanwhile : CUT to : int . ambulance - on neil - day he check the chamber and then insert into the grip of he 'mm . brown a 14 - shot clip . Chris work the slide of a remington 810 , 12 - gauge shotgun and put on a welder 's helmet . Neil pull on the rubber mask of Donald duck and sling a stopwatch on a string around he neck . CHRIS they response time ? neil two minute , fifty second . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9. ext . STREET - wide on ambulance + STREET behind it the lumber armored truck approach ... neil ( v.o. ) ( calm ) we ought to be down the chute into the escape route in 2:20 . ( beat ; breath ) here we go ... CUT to : int . armore truck - driver be Pov : approaching ambulance - day with flasher go . suddenly it pull diagonally across the narrow street , as if try a three point turn : Driver of the armored truck slam on he brake . CUT to : int . garbage truck - cerrito's Pov : armore truck in profile - day we be accelerate at it . cerrito's foot punch the accelerator . frontal : garbage truck a prehistoric beast charge at we . cerrito's Pov : jamming at the armored truck . collision we slam into it , wide : armore truck knock onto its side , crush against a wall . CUT to : int . armore car - driver - day stun , pin inside . they world be sideways . it rain desposit slip . guard one grab the radio mike : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . guard # 1 ( into mike ) 211 ! we be be take down ! ext . alley - on rear of armore truck Neil , Chris , cerrito and waingro be on the move ... int . chevy apache pickup - towner - day listen to he bearcat police scanner , dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) car 74 , what 's you eta to the 211 in progress Hoover and 14th ? over . car 74 ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) car 74 . Three minute . over . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) car 74 . take it . car 37 , you be back - up . car ... towner ( into radio to Neil ) there 's the call . Three minute . CUT to : ext . STREET - veil with he radio earpiece start a chronometer with a loud click . armore truck - CHRIS in a welder 's mask with the hollow core drill drive the 10 " diameter bit into the truck 's armored plate . Neil look at he stopwatch . watch : 28 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 32 ... close - drill bit scream of metal as the hollow - core bit tear through steel . shot Neil with he brown . cerrito have a ar15 with its stock collapse . waingro have a 'mm . beretta . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11. CHRIS the bit have cut a 10 " circle into the side through the armored plate . now Chris heave the drill aside , step away , swing up he shotgun as ... cerrito swing a sledgehammer at the 10 " disc . it fall inside as . neil pull the pin and toss a grenade into the hole . it explode and pour smoke . neil ( yell after it ) next one blow you up ! out! now ... ( beat ; ' shout ) now ! int . armore car - guard one cough . his mask do not work . he lurch for the door ... ext . STREET - armore car door crash down , open , Guard one fall out . then guard two . the driver come out he door . cerrito grab he . Neil handle the two Guards . neil up against the wall ! he yank they gun away - he 'mm . at the back of each man 's head in turn . the driver try to twist away as a reflex . cerrito crack he in the face with the ar15 , drive he to the wall . wide : cerrito + waingro cover the three . Neil move into the armore truck to join Chris who 's already inside , rip it apart , search . we see he disregard cash . neil stopwatch 1:12. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12. neil ( to Chris ) 8o second leave . move it . waingro behind the beautiful Lady mask : try hard to do good . his gun jump from Guard to Guard to Guard . neil look at waingro . widen . waingro 's aware of Neil 's scrutiny . waingro ( to Guard two ) flatten - up against it ! Higher ! he slap the back of Guard two 's head with the gun barrel . guard two ( a big , boastful man , quietly ) ... you do not have that gun .. waingro what ?! cerrito ( cut in ; cool ) that 's true , slick , cause you be a real tough guy . but he have the gun . and I , too . so shut the fuck up . wide Neil and Chris emerge from the van with one manila envelope . neil move out ! ( check watch ) 38 second leave ! wide : waingro it 's like waingro can not hear . he 's fixate with Guard two . Guard two turn and look at he arrogantly - more concerned with he masculine pride than he safety . he 's a stupid man . waingro' Pov : very wide thing happen slowly . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13. waingro ( o.s. ) ( quietly ) ... hadda mouth off ? in front of they ? waingro 's arm point out at the man - with the gun at the end - and fire . angle Guard two be blow up against the wall . Driver move ... neil leave , spin . driver reach for a two -inch hammerless .38 back - up tuck in he boot . as he bring it up ... neil 9mm . browning fire two hammered - on shot . cerrito's ar15 cover Guard one. Guard one stare at the man in the mask . once kill begin , he know what will happen . cerrito look at Neil ... neil angry ; nod . cerrito kill Guard one with three shot . on ambulance Neil literally throw waingro into the back . int . ambulance - on cerrito - day drive , lay rubber down the alley . on neil at watch . neil ( disgust ) ten. nine . ( toss the watch ; into walkie- talkie to towner ) blew the margin . here we come . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14. int . white chevy apache towtruck - on towner - day we hear police dispatcher on the bearcat scanner . towner ( into radio ) one on you tail . neil ( v.o. ) here we come . towner drop the walkie-talkie out the window . he 's fastened a professional racing harness . CUT to : ext . STREET - rear shot on ambulance - day skid right into another side street . reverse : black + white in code 3 scraping between the garbage truck and wall - roar to camera . one cop already have he shotgun up . CUT to : ext . side STREET - wide : ambulance - day Left down the street with flasher go . wide profile : ambulance streak through the frame . hold and see the chevy towtruck with towner . towner gun the engine . black + white bounce around the corner , the rear end come out , skid leave . towner floor the towtruck . we see it 's heavy front bumper ram the police car sideways . ext . gas station - black + white be smashed sideways into the station , careen off two car fill up ... angle ... plow through a rack of pump , take out the air and water reservoir and wrap itself around a lamppost . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . towner 's towtruck 's go . CUT to : ext . residential side STREET - ambulance - day pull in and park . everyone abandon it , leave mask , rubber glove , equipment , outer clothing inside . they cross to a chevrolet caprice . they climb in . they pull out . CUT to : ext . gas station - wide - day one cop have a cut forehead , try to stand . two more black and white pull in - flasher go . the driver stagger out from behind the wheel and try to shake clarity into he head . he sit on the pavement . CUT to : ext . lax parking lot - wide between the car - day plane roar overhead in landing or takeoff . yellow vapor lamp glare . it 's gaudy with light . Neil and a man name nate be park next to each other face opposite direction . nate 's 50 - a ex-prize fighter with he nose all over he face in a silver mercede . his big muscle have go to flab . he wear a yellow rayon shirt . he 's deeply tan and pock -nark . nate function as a middleman and fence for Neil . all call from people who want to contact Neil come to nate . right now he examine the manila envelope from the armored truck . Neil 's in a lincoln town car , gray suit , white shirt , no tie . close : envelope contain 80 x $ 20,000 negotiable treasury certificate . nate 's count . nate a million , six at 40 cent onna dollar 's 640 . here 's a hundred forty thou front money . get you the rest , 2 - 3 day . wide - from the front nate give a large envelope to Neil . nate what happen out there ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16. neil I do not want to talk about it . nate ( re-examine security ) wait a minute . neil what 's the matter ? nate ( laugh ) you know who this belong to ? neil ( take manila envelope ) " malibu Securities ... nate you know John Van Zant ? neil no . nate malibu Securities be a brokerage he control . plann bankruptcy , make out during the s&amp ; L 's , money launder ... nate pull t.c. 's . nate ( continue ; laugh ) you rip off he treasury certificate . neil so what ? he 's get insurance . nate that 's the point . on top of collect he insurance , maybe he want to buy back he bond . from he I can get you 60 cent on the dollar instead of 40 . means a extra 320 to you . neil try it on . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17 . nate you know cezar kelso ? neil by reputation . nate he 's get this score he 's put out and want you to look at . neil what do I need look at he score for ? I get my own . nate he say you will get near eight figure . very clean . neil ( beat ; then : ) 9:00a .m. tomorrow . nate take it easy . Neil start the car . nate pull away in he mercede . wide a l1011 roar overhead . Neil pull out . CUT to : ext . alley - wide on pavement - day we be look at chalk outline of the body of Guard one and Driver from the armored truck . the pavement be bloodstain . Bright light illuminate the crime scene . hanna ( o.s. ) where 's the ambulance ? heinz ( o.s. ) they dumped it four block from here ... widen to reveal hanna who we now identify as a police lieutenant of detective . he 's just arrive . the alley 's be roped off with sawhorse label " crime area . " the armored truck with the hole side be still there . one of hanna 's crew , drucker , a black intelligence analyst and technician at 45 , be already there . a uniform sgt . heinz be there first and by procedure take command . it 's he crime scene . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 18. heinz mask , gun , radio - all leave behind . no print . hanna what about the crash , the white towtruck . two more of hanna 's crew arrive in a unmark car and join he : casal - bald at 30 and wiry ; bosko - a huge , oversize man . heinz have not turn up . get a witness : janitor next door . hanna i.d. anybody ? plate ? description ? heinz shhaaapes ... ( beat ) one big . one thin . he hear it ... guy 's nearly blind . hanna ( be : body outline ) what about they ? drucker accord to the janitor , he ... ( Guard two outline ) start mouth off to one of the gunman . hanna oh , that be smart . drucker I figure the other go for ... ( point ) ... that gun when the shoot start . one guy call a guard " slick . " hanna " slick ? " drucker yeah . and they ignore the loose cash . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 19 . hanna ' Cause they have no time , cause they know we response time , cause they be on we air . heinz you recognize they m.o.? hanna yeah . they m.o. be that they be good . once it escalate into a murder one beef for all of they after they kill the first two , they pop guard number three ' cause it do not rake any difference anymore , so why leave a live witness ? Drop of a hat ? they will rock and roll . also : the way they go into the side indicate they be equip to go in on the prowl . so also start look for recent highline burgulary that have ' mystify ' we . ( to drucker ) run the " slick " bit to the FBI and see what it kick out . drucker I call it in already . hanna ( to casal ) Split the fence . I will take cuzomano and torena . you take the East side . go through the tape of who we be listen to . ( to drucker ) hang in with forensics on all physical evidence . ( to bosko ) how would they know the route of the van and what it be carry ? do gage print the day 's route ? what do they do with the printout ? who collect they trash ? run make on all they middlemanagement . do someone give this score up ? ( beat ) check the three guard . see if one of they be a tipster . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20 . bosko what 's the vibe : home -grown or out - of-town ? hanna out-of-town . frankly , I hope they be scoring once and pass through . and I doubt it . heinz this go to stay in Area ? hanna this look like booster work the local Seven eleven to you ? it go to Major crime . ( to he crew ) go to work . they move toward the Forensic unit , scraping tire rubber and measure distance as we CUT to : int . early 60's coffee shop - wide - night it 's 1963 futuristic : flagstone and rubber plant . most of the patron be night people : pimp , hooker , customer , disintegrate couple , etc . we pan around the interior and settle on a booth by a window . in the booth be Chris and cerrito on one side and waingro alone . waingro anybody want some pie ? cerrito look at waingro , sip he coffee , and look away again waingro be nervous . CHRIS see something in the parking lot . door - neil enter , cross to the booth , slide in across from waingro . close the four man huddle together and talk in a whisper . Neil pull out three yellow envelope , presumably full of money . Neil will talk about waingro in the third person as if he inanimate . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. neil ( whisper ) this be a partial split , but I take out of ours - every - to make up ... ( waingro 's ) ...his full end . because I want to settle he up and get rid of this jagoff right now . cerrito and Chris look at waingro . cerrito okay . Chris nod . waingro 's speechless . Neil flip he a envelope . neil ( whisper ) fuck off . waingro do not move . waingro ( whisper ; tense ) I have to dust he ! Neil grab the back of waingro 's neck , slam the side of he face onto the table top and flick the middle finger of he leave against waingro 's temple . Neil could kill he . neil ( whisper ) electricity and chemical a little fuck up ? ( flick ) you a shooter ? speed ? what ? flick . cerrito look around the coffee shop : it 's quiet . neil ( continue ; whisper ) you do not have to . now we get extra heat off a clean score . waingro do nothing . Neil shove he into the corner of the booth . plates fall . all three get up and walk out . CUT to : ext . coffee shop , rear parking lot - wide - night Neil , cerrito and Chris cross past car . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22. angle - waingro whine , cry and charge into Neil 's shoulder from behind and spin he around , want to explain to he . this time : neil knee waingro in the stomach . waingro fold over . Neil slam both open palm on waingro 's ear and knee he in the face . waingro sprawl over a car hood and fall off . closer - neil kick waingro in the side drive he between car where it be more secluded while cerrito and Chris casually look a-round and back away to cover he because they know Neil be go to kill he now . as Neil draw he .45 ... cerrito ( low ) hold it . Neil look . across the street cruise a black and white . he watch it pass . his attention go back to waingro . as he .45 come up . closer : neil turn , mildly surprised . neil be Pov : nothing waingro 's disappear . wider : neil search under car , carefully . nothing . high + wide waingro 's go . Neil with cerrito and Chris follow scan the space and shadow as they back out of the large parking lot . CUT to : int . shiherlis apartment - on charlene - night charlene - twenty -six , in skin-tight black pants and black hair . they be on they way out . the apartment be heavy on computer game , video gear , appliance and child 's furniture . re : envelope : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23. charlene ( count the money ) where 's the rest ? CHRIS that 's it . charlene eight thousand dollar ? you gotta be kid I ! Chris enter from the bedroom . while buttone a shirt , he 's mostly oblivious . it frustrate the hell out of charlene . CHRIS ( off-hand ) I square the booky and we have to pay off some guy and be short to start ' cause the rest be comin ' , in a coupla day . so do not sweat it . ( check watch ) we be late . slip on a boot . charlene listen to I . " as the World turn " can get interrupt with a news flash of you splatter all over the street ... pull on boot two . charlene ( continue ; run on ) I can get send up on a accessory beef . you son , dominick , wind up in a home . for $ 8,000 ? ( voice break ) honey , for $ 8,000 , it be not worth the risk . Risk versus reward ? baby ? CHRIS do not worry about money . Neil 's get ... ( check watch ) hey , if we be goin ' , let 's go . charlene where 's the club you be go to open ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24. CHRIS here come the " showgirl with a future " bit . charlej shut up ! I leave for a good thing . ( beat ) why be I even talk to you ? I can not talk to you . all you be be a child growin ' older ... CHRIS the hell 's that mean ? charlene it mean we be not make forward progress like real adult and you will not listen . CHRIS I tell you : I and Neil get plan ... charlene " I and Neil . " I be marry to you , now . this be not the fuck joint . CHRIS do not mouth off to I ! charlene ( scream ) I want out of here ! CHRIS ( shout ) well there 's the fuck door ! ( open it ) only leave dominick , the bank book and the car key on the kitchen table ! charlene you can keep that other crap ! but dominick go with I . Chris shove she up against the wall . CHRIS ( suddenly low ) I will find ya and kill you , you bitch , wherever you be - you ever try to take dominick away from I . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . he mean it . she know it . he take the car key and go . she 's freeze to the spot . CUT to : ext . cerrito's bungalow - wide - night a modest West L.A. bungalow that 's be remodel beyond neighborhood value . a 1990 coupe de ville 's in the drive . cerrito pull he black ' 93 eldorado up behind it . a neighbor shut off he sprinkler . cerrito get out and pull the wrap up doll house out of the trunk . anita ( o.s. ) ( to Michael ) daddy , daddy ! widen to include anita cerrito ( 7 ) run up with linda cerrito ( 9 ) not far behind . she jump into she dad 's arm . CUT to : int . cerrito house - on cerrito - day enter : home theater system , Hawaiian art print in lacquer frame . elaine cerrito - a dark , heavy - set woman who be dynamite at 25 and still sensual at 40 - enter from kitchen and kiss cerrito . elaine hungry ? cerrito starve . elaine ( search ) you okay ? cerrito ( nod ; give she envelope ) put this away . anita ( whisper ) daddy , what 's in the box ? she exit to kitchen . cerrito sit down and pull anita onto he lap . cerrito what do you care ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26. they start shouting : c' mon c'mon . Elaine enter with she class of red wine . cerrito ( continue ) open it up . they run out . he whisper to Elaine who sit on the side of he chair and drape a arm across he shoulder . Michael cerrito be a family man and the nicest guy on the block . CUT to : int . underground garage , entrance - a rectangle of night sky - night then Neil 's town car enter down the ramp and pass through . it 's desert and quiet . CUT to : ext . garage - on neil - night driving away in he personal car , a eldorado in black . CUT to : ext . santa monica 3rd STREET - on neil - night it 's almost desert . Neil enter from Arizona Avenue . he 's alone . it 's windy . the collar of he gray suit be up , the lapel be close over he white shirt . CUT to : int . henessey and ingall bookstore - neil - night look at a large book in the Engineering section . he specifically flip back and forth between full - color plate of electronic micrograph of different kind of steel . eady ( 0 . c. ) help you with something ? neil ( look ) no thanks . widen to include eady tse - 28 , 5 '8 " . chinese , long black hair to she waist . her face be high cheek - bone and intelligent . she wear a gray corduroy smock over a turtleneck shirt and jeans . she speak English in american vernacular with only the slight trace of a accent . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27 . neil ( continue ) you close in a few minute ? eady lean back against the book case . eady yeah . ( yawn ) Excuse I . ( beat ) you interested in metal ? neil ( alert ) no. ( lie ) it 's the color reproduction of this plate ... eady we have a first edition of kandinsky 's Theory of Color with hand pull lithographic print bound in . would you like see it ? neil sure . cross store . eady I see you in here before . neil you be open late . not many open this late . ( beat ) what 's you name ? hold out hand . eady eady . eady Tse . what 's yours ? neil ( lie ) bukowski . Neil bukowski . he hold onto she hand and stare down into she face . they both smile . she laugh and look away first . they continue to a rear lock case . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. int . hanna' car travelling - hanna - night float through the green xenon nightgown , hit a store number in he cellular phone 's memory . casal ( v.o. ) M. c. U. hanna ( cut in ) Bobby , it 's I . casal ( v.o. ) boss , whoever 's fencing the bearer bond be either highline or out - of -town . everyone 's talk about it . no one know about it . ( beat ) schwartz go through the index on recent surveillance tape ? no armored car . no witness on who steal the ambulance . hanna Albert torena call I back ? casal ( v.o. ) no . CUT to : int . hanna condominium - hanna - night let himself in the door . he 's beat . he throw he coat at the chair . int . kitchen - stove the dry - out remain of dinner . hanna root around , grab a lamb chop , forget the rest and go into the live room . int . hanna live room - justine see hanna , go back to book . hanna hi. justine where have you be ? hanna work . harvey show or would lauren get stand up again ? justine he do not even call she . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 29 . hanna what a asshole . she okay ? justine she 's be in she room all day and will not talk . so " no , " she 's not okay . and neither be i. ( even tempere ) if I try to create something like a mood between we you back away . I make a great dinner for we . that be four hour ago . ( beat ) at least get yourself a plate ... hanna there 's three dead body in a alley off Adams . ( beat ) I be really sorry the lamb get overcooked . Justine look at he , elegantly rise , exit into the bedroom and close the door . hanna look after she be tired . very tired . he do not know why he say what he do . he regret it . so he turn on he tv to watch the news and he eye glaze over . CUT to : int . diner - grillman - night flip egg , bastes , and cover they . the grill be all quilt steel and immaculate . at the other end of the counter a waiter read a paper . neil and eady on stool . eady what do you do ? neil ( look at she , then away ) swim pool . institutional . school , State , county . I be on the sale end . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . neil ( cont 'd ) ( to grillman ) let I have another coffee . ( beat ) you like sell book ? eady ( simply ) yeah . especially fine art book . I study they . neil yeah ? like what ? a little hesitant , eady drink she coffee . neil ( continue ) tell I . eady there 's a skira edition of delacroix charcoal sketches , I like ... neil what else ? eady asian art work . CUT to : ext . eady's house , balcony - neil + eady - night the house be high in the hill 's over sunset . they stare down at the City - like a ocean of small light . from the previous scene we hear : eady ( v.o. ) the plate be mezzotint . they evoke a feel japanese painter call " sabi " . they believe there be eight scene of transcendental loneliness . they paint they over and over again . one be a flock of geese hover over a field . there 's always mist . it 's paint just as the leader touch down . pause . they drink scotch in highball glass . neil City of light . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. eady yeah . neil I fly over the arctic once at 40000 foot . the moonlight be blue on all the snow . it feel like that . there 's a long pause . then : eady do you travel a lot ? neil yeah . eady be you lonely ? neil I be alone . not lonely . he pull she closer . a pre-dawn red band crack the horizon . neil ( continue ) you ? eady I get lonely . his hand hold she face as he look into she eye and she move to he . dissolve to : int . bedroom - white - night fill the screen as we pan along the drapery of sheet to Neil 's wide - awake eye . next to he eady 's asleep . dissolve to : same - high angle over neil onto eady - later Neil be dress now . he stand at the foot of the bed look at eady . dissolve to : neil hand enter with a glass of water wrap in a paper napkin and set it on the bedside table . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. it 's odd : a convict 's meticulousness . he move the cover up to she chin . there be to he touch , tenderness , as if they be longtime lover . we realize what we be see be the emotionality Neil mccauley keep in the closet . dissolve to : high + wide Neil be go . he pause for that moment before he leave , as if to engrave she image in he memory . CUT to : int . albert torena' apartment - albert torena - day answer the door . daylight flood in past the silhouette of hanna who shove torena in the chest , knock he into the apartment . hanna , follow he in ... hanna you be suppose to get back to I last night . so where the fuck be you , Albert ? albert I could not break free , man ! hanna I oughta violate you ass right now . albert I be all night hit up Los vato like one of that flamenco matador guy . cuttin ' in real smooth . generate lead and shit . I be a dancer , man ! albert torena be a anorexic latino fence . hanna scan the apartment . Religious object crowd the mantle . fourteen steal tv 's in pack case in the dining room . hanna you be a bust - out speed freak jackin ' metamphetamine again . ( beat ) I be in a hurry . albert you talk to my brother , raoul . he meet you tonight at ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33. hanna no. right now . albert I implore he , man . but he say " no . " ( beat ) he in Phoenix . tonight 's the best I can do for you . the Zebra on crenshaw . eleven o'clock . hanna you be there , too . albert mon , I go hanna be there ! hanna leave . int - trailer - cezar kelso - day cezar I pick you out to pitch it to first , but do not think you be the only action in town and I be give it away . ' Cause I be not . CUT to : widen to include neil - who do not say anything . cezar kelso be a large crippled man in a wheelchair . neil what be it ? cezar a bank . on thursdays it get cash deposit for distribution to other branch . the branch have to buttress they cash account to handle Friday payroll check from a Toyota and Nissan plant , a steel mill and two refinery . one day a week , Thursday , the main branch carry the full whack . neil you want a $ 100,000 advance , against a full 101 . why ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34. cezar ' Cause I can get it . ' Cause this be the best thing I see in three year . ' Cause a screw - up make 10 percent of nothin ' equal nothin' . and ' cause that be the term and they be not negotiable . neil on the prowl or strong ? cezar strong . through the front door . during the day . neil how many guy ? cezar four . Three plus a driver . neil that 's not a $ 100,000 worth anything . you be give I a address to what 's strictly a cowboy score : " get the gun and let 's go ! " we smash , grab and boogie while they hit the alarm . cezar Three alarm . and that 's why the price . ' Cause you chop - in through the roof the night before on the prowl and bypass them . I get circuit diagram , blue print , the work . so yeah , they hit the alarm , but nothing gonna happen . neil do I have to kill people ? cezar I doubt it . two man have the two key to open the box . neil full architectural , plumbing and electric , camera placement ? cezar all of it . neil what do you estimate ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . cezar eight point , one . eight point , two million dollar . that give Neil pause . kelso get satisfaction from Neil 's reaction to the amount . then : cezar ( continue ) where 's nate ? neil he hadda make a call . ( beat ) you be on . ( rise ) here 's five grand earnest money . you get the rest after lunch . they shake hand . CUT to : ext . trailer court , pay phone - nate - day nate look , Van Zant . nobody know the merch be yours or they would have respected it . be that as it may : now you get 100 % from the insurance company and you be even , plus you can get the bond back for 60 cent onna dollar . you make a additional 40 % . you operation do not skip a beat , and everybody 's make out . CUT to : int . malibu security , van zant office - van zant - day on the phone to nate . there 's green forest and blue water diorama inset into wood - panell wall . van zant ( into phone ) sure . you get a deal . nate ( 0 . S. ) ( phone filter ) good . Cause there 's no percentage in everybody get they underwear in a twist over this . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . van zant ( into phone ) absolutely . you have you man call I to set the meet . nate ( o.s. ) ( phone filter ) usually I be the mailman . van zant ( into phone ) I do not want to involve extra people . what the fuck do I want all kind of people meeting each other for ? nate ( o.s. ) ( phone filter ) okay . van zant ( into phone ) Nice talk to you ... ( click ) Van Zant hang up . he 's a tall avuncular man with a flabby belly and Arrow shirt : a accountant . hugh benny , a very large juice collector , be in the office . hugh ( incredulous ) you gonna deal with this people ? van zant so word hit the street it 's okay to steal my stuff ? I be gonna kill the sonsa-bitch . CUT to : ext . kelso trailer court - neil - day enter from kelso 's trailer , meet nate halfway to the car . walk and talk : neil I buy it . nate what I tell you ? neil the bond ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . nate we be on . you call he tomorrow ... ( give slip paper ) ... and set a meet . neil how be he ? nate very cool . he 's a businessman . they walk to they car and leave . CUT to : int . lillian be car - lillian and breedan - day pull into Robert 's coffee shop in culver City . breedan at 29 he 's a ex - eight Trey Hoover Street crip with lot of scar who just do five year in San quentin and be straighten up . he 's gangster clean and press and it 's there in he body movement and eye . lillian here it be . ( kiss he ) you okay ? breedan Don 't worry , baby . gonna do good . she laugh and drive away . CUT to : int . robert coffee shop , kitchen - breedan - day enter the kitchen . the manager be solenko - large with gray feature , smallpox scar and thinning hair . he 's forty - five . noise of dishwasher , p.a. , pot clatter . solenko throw order together and plate onto the metal counter for waitress to pick up . they shout over the racket . breedan ( have to shout ) I be breedan . you solenko ? solenko ( shout ) yeah . Fucking hillbilly grill run do not show . be here since 4:30 . you know this kinda operation ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38. breedan ( shout ) the grill . yeah . solenko ( shout ) Grill ? empty the garbage , mopout the toilet . you gimme a hard time , I will find something to violate you back and blow you parole . ( beat ) you kick back 25 % of you salary to I under the table . grierson you parole officer ? right ? breedan ( shout over noise ) yeah . solenko ( shout back ) check it out . Change in the back . hurry up . at this point we do not know what David breedan 's do in this picture . CUT to : int . xyz discount appliance back office - joe cuzomano - day hear a buzzer and look up . his eye go to a video monitor . video monitor : hanna among the rack and tv set play the sane soap . hanna ( 0 .s. ) ( filter ) cuzomano . open up . Joe push a button . the electric lock be release . cuzomano be a 300 - pound fat man . hanna whaddaya hear , whaddaya say ?. cuzomano hiya , Vincent . about what ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . hanna about this crew that knock down three guard yesterday and take a Gates armore truck . bearer bond . start make call . cuzomano start punch number into he phone . cuzomano ( into phone ) it 's cuzomano . get I Francis . ( while we be wait ) how would I hear about this ? hanna ridin ' the airwave . on every news channel . turn on a fuck radio ! ( pause ) try to broker the bond . make some money . then you will shift into flip-o-matic and tell I who they be . and what they be do next . cuzomano ( Francis be on the line ) hey , Francis ! ( Francis answer ) that score go down yesterday ? ( beat ) yeah , I be lookin ' to handle all or a piece of the merch . all I get be yo - yo 's . one bring I a container of armani suit ? he do not know they be knockoff . schmuck steal knockoff . they should make stupidity a felony . ( beat ) you hear who they be down to ? cuzomano get a answer . he shake he head " no " to hanna . hanna 's out the door . cuzomano breathes easier . CUT to : ext . neil apartment build - wide - day the camaro slide soundlessly down wilshire and into the underground garage of a high -rise , green glass steel . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40. int . neil be - apartment - neil - day enter . it 's white and barren . a tv set in one corner on the floor plays a mute game show . Chris be roll up in a blanket in front of it . the apartment be live in by one man . it tell we Neil 's personal life be a blank . neil come out of the bedroom with a pillow . he yank Christ shoe off . Neil punch a number . ringing . then : charlene ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) hello ? neil ( into phone ) Chris be here . I call so you should not worry . what 's wrong ? CUT to : int . shiherlis bedroom - close on charlene in bed - day charlene rub sleep from she eye . switch hand on the phone . charlene ( into phone ; wary ) husband and wife stuff . that 's all . neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) he can sleep it off here . charlene ( into phone ) thanks , Neil . she hang up and close she eye . she hate he gut . CUT to : int . neil be apartment , kitchen - CHRIS - day be hang over . Neil bring coffee to a Formica table . Chris 's shirt from last night be rip and he lip 's cut . he look like hell . Neil put he brown on the table . neil what happen to you ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41. CHRIS when you go to get some furniture ? neil when I get around to it . CHRIS my mouth taste like a sewer . Chris cross to the sink and turn the dish sprayer onto he face and the back of he neck . CHRIS ( continue ; come down ) charlene 's go to leave I . Big pause . neil ( quietly ) why ? CHRIS there be not no steak in the freezer . neil with everything we be take ? CHRIS last trip to Vegas and the superbowl take care of that . when you gonna get a old lady ? neil when I get around to it . you get something else on the side ? CHRIS nothing regular . neil ( quiet ) she get another man ? CHRIS no . neil ( quietly ) you sure ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42. CHRIS ( rise ) yeah , I be sure . neil Jimmy - whatsisname - bohunk , in the joint use to say : " on the street you wanna be makin ' rove , you do not put anything in you life you can not walk out on in 30 second flat if you spot heat around the corner . " CHRIS Jimmy banghart . and to hell with Jimmy banghart . ( beat ) I would rather go ten round with Jesus Christ than fuck with she . but she and dominick save my life , man ; everyday . everyday ... neil so ? CHRIS so. they feeling and understanding run deep . Chris be commit to make it work . neil take delivery from Van Zant on the rest of the armored car cash . I gotta drop a deposit on kelso . he 's get a bank score . CHRIS what about the platinum ? it 's ready to fall ... neil that go , too . meet I at the coffee shop at noon . I get stuff to do ... Neil slip he brown back into he waistband . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - marciano - day marciano be Las Vegas sharp at 48 : a tall , tan , ponytail , middle - age hustler and sucker for a young chick . his phone be ringing . he answer it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43. marciano ( into phone ) hello ? int . shiherlis bedroom - charlene - day drink coffee , speed . charlene ( into phone ) Alan . marciano ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) hey ! charlene ( into phone ) I have have it with he . I have have it . can you get we out of here ? marciano ( into phone ) absolutely . I get a coupla order to write . meet you at 12 . ext . hamburger stand - close neil - day on phone . eady ( V. 0 . ) ( after a pause ; phone filter ) hello ? neil how you do ? CUT to : int . eady's house - eady - day in a ink-stain smock . eady ( into phone ) Neil . I wonder when you would call . neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) I be real busy . eady ( into phone ) good . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44. neil ( v..o. ) ( phone filter ) can I see you ? eady ( into phone ) I be worried ... be just ... ( uncomfortable ) ... the one night . you know ? neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) not for I it be not . eady ( into phone ) I either . neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) tonight . I will pick you up at work . she hang up . he wonder about do this , put it aside . CUT to : ext . hamburger stand , phone booth - neil take a deep breath . maybe he 's not sure of what he 's into . it pass . he cross the counter . across the street be the hiawatha Motel in 40 's stucco and desert pastel and charlene 's yellow El dorado park next to a Lexus in front of room 18 . neil ( to cook ) Change for a dollar ? cook there you go , honey . neil dial telephonist ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) malibu Securities . neil ( into phone ) yeah . Van Zant . suddenly Neil turn because he see . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . neil be Pov : alan marciano leave room 18 , wave goodbye to charlene and cross to Lexus . van zapt ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) yes ? neil ( into phone ) about the merchandise . what 's the story ? in the b.g. marciano pull away . van zant ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) give I you number and somebody will call you right back from a different line to set the meet . neil ( into phone ) 333-6089 . he hang up . he wait . the phone ring . he answer . he say nothing . he nod . he hang up . he cross the street lot to the Motel . ext . room 18 - wide Neil knock . charlene ( o.s. ) yes ? neil open up . she do . she close she eye , resign to doom . he walk past she into the room . CUT to : int . room 18 - wide - day one unmade bed . Neil look . at the tacky interior . he cross to the bathroom and turn on the water . he advance on charlene who 's back up .- she fall over a waste can . neil who be that guy ? charlene I will not tell you . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46. neil listen ... Neil kick the waste can out of the way . it clatter across the room . neil ( continue ) we get to know who he be ! charlene nobody , Neil ! a liquor wholesaler from Las Vegas . Alan marciano . neil what he tell you ? how connect he be ? get you a spot in a show ? charlene I figure it out for myself ! Neil close in . neil Chris be gonna straighten it up with you . and you ... charlene it 's too late ! I be sick of it ! I be sick of you . neil I be not part of you situation ! charlene get attentive . she 's back into the corner and can not get any smaller . neil ( continue ) not anymore . and Chris have get two big job back - to-bick . you will give Chris this shot . ( beat ) after that , he fuck up , then okay . ( beat ) I will finance set you up , separate , myself . dominick will go with you . and my word count . but right now he be puttin ' it all on the line . so for the three of you , you be goin ' , to give Chris one more shot . Neil grab the whole lower part of she face in one hand . his face be inch from hers . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47. neil ( continue ; quietly ) now that be what it be gonna be . charlene hesitates ; then acquiesce . charlene ( quietly ) all right . Neil leave . ext . crenshaw blvd . - hanna' car - night , weave through traffic . horn blare . CUT to : ext . zebra club - doorman - night a muscular black man name alphonse have he back to we at the rear delivery entrance to a mall awash with Korean neon . hanna ( o.s. ) gimme all you money ! hanna 's jamme two finger in he back . alphonse spin ; see it 's hanna . alphonse cuz , one day you get coldblast with that shit . hanna ai not gonna be you , mo -fo . alphonse ( low ) homeboy talkin ' about it . nothin ' solid . just b- boy jive ' bout outta-towner . Crew 's from outta town . I hear something ; I drop a dime . hanna you holdin' ? alphonse flip hanna a small vial of coke . alphonse onna house . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. filter up from downstairs come 80d B of Jane 's addiction 's cover of " Sympathy for the Devil " . CUT to : int . freight elevator - hanna - night descend alone use a small , black , carbon steel sheath knife to take two hit from the vial . he shake off the initial blast , pocket the vial , the door open , Jane 's addiction 's louder . we be ... int . zebra - hanna cross through the mostly black , affluent crowd of player , gangster , dopester , model and security in business suit openly carry and wear headset radio . hanna cross through like he own the place , gesture to the bartender and slide into ... int . booth - raoul torena hanna what do you get ? raoul ( conspiratorial ) this crew 's rip porsch out of Orange County . horrell , piper and voight . they be work in the back of a trim shop on irvine . somebody be to pay he a visit this weekend , they would find a metallic blue turbo ... raoul torena , Albert 's brother , be a thirty - five - year - old with crew - cut black hair and a varri uomo sport jacket . widen to include hanna . hanna ... lookin ' for I to rid you of you competition ? raoul I be a good citizen . hanna you get something to say , or what ? raoul mi carnal : if I tell you what I get to tell you , how do I know you gonna do what the fuck I just tell you I need to get do ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . hanna 's gaze drift up into raoul 's eye : it 's deadly . albert ( alarmed ) raoul , hanna do what he say ! that 's why I reach for you .. hanna jerk raoul by the front of he verri uomo which be be destroy in hanna 's fist . hanna I be not you ' carnal , you little motherfucker . ( beat ) and you ' know ' ' cause I say so ... after I hear what you get to tell I ! raoul okay ! okay ... hanna throw he back against the bench . raoul ( continue ) this be valuable shit ! I could get kill tell you this shit ! low , flat and deadly : hanna you can get kill ... walk down the street ... raoul ( whisper ) a dude I know in mcneil 's be out a couple , three year . hanna yeah ? raoul he 's a action junkie . if he would say nothin ' , I would a think nothin' . but he go on and on into extra overtime on how he be not be do - in ' nothin ' and then I know this cat 's get something goin ' down ... raoul lean back in the booth , nod he head , proud of this pearl of information . hanna look at Albert like he 's crazy . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . hanna ( to Albert ) what 's wrong with you ? you drag I here to waste my time like this ? ( to raoul ) you see a guy on the street ... who 's a ex-con ? raoul yeah . hanna ... what do you expect for that ? a junior G - man badge ? raoul you gonna make the call on the porsch ? hanna be you kid ? hanna get up to leave . raoul I be tell you this slick be double - duty ! a real doubleblank mo-fo . hanna what ? raoul huh ... ? hanna you say " slick . " raoul yeah , that 's what he call people . " slick . " hanna play it low key . hanna sit back down . hanna tell I about he ... raoul ( think ) six foot , build . lotta jailhouse tattoo . peacock right here . probably be a shooter once heavy time : attica , marion , could do a nickel or dine stand on he ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51. raoul ( cont 'd ) ear . he 's in C -block two day , and in the shower some Muslim come up into he face and he cut the guy a new open for a colostomy bag and go back to shampooing he hair ... ( laugh ) hanna ( lean in ) what 's he ... name .. raoul ( easy ) cerrito . Michael cerrito . CUT to : int . car - hanna - night on the phone . the back side of downtown be a wall of light move past as ... bosko ( v.o. ) ( filter ) jacket 's two inch thick . 38 bust since 1976 . int . lapd , mcu office - bosko - night hanna 's on the speaker phone . casal enter . bosko ( into phone ; continue ) two for murder one . eleven for armed robbery . Three conviction . two out of a three year beef in attica . Three year in statesville . five year in riker 's Island off a knock - back to involuntary manslaughter narcotics record . methadone treatment . two kid . wife 's name Elaine . strictly a cowboy . hanna ( v.o. ) who else have I get ? schwartz drucker , casal and I , boss hanna ( v.o. ) Bob , get on the house . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52. hanna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) 24 hour surveillance , title search , the work . drucker and casal bug the car and whatever else we need , remember it will not be evidentiary . ( beat ) when he move or sit - like in a restaurant . intercut with : bosko answer another phone , put that line on " hold " as ... hanna ( v.o. ) ( continue ) I want picture of who he move and sit with . then run make on they and they car . they get jacket ? I want to see who they move and they sit with and give they the same treatment . ( beat ) bosko . work the neighborhood . tail the wife . look for a drop that could garage a work car and tool . that 's it . bosko ( be : phone ) richie the Medical examiner 's hold . hanna ( into phone ) Conference he in . ( click ) yeah ? richie ? richie ( v.o. ) Vincent , can you fall by a crime scene on the strip ? I think I get another one . " Sympathy for the Devil " get louder and wash across onto ... CUT to : ext . sunset . boulevard motel and alley - night neon under the vapor lamp . o.s. the cacophony of horn and siren . pimp and hooker crowd the background . a crime scene area near the garbage can be roped off . a ambulance , black - and -white , a Medical examiner 's van clog the alley . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. crane down as hanna 's car pull in and he approach the Medical examiner , richie , 25 - 35 , black , diamond earring , gray lab coat . richie ( to hanna ) here 's how we find she . polaroid - black prostitute in a nightgown , fold over the lip of a garbage can at the waist . she 's a pitiful rag doll . someone kill she and then throw she away . hanna be too control . anger 's underneath . hanna how old ? richie sixteen , seventeen . hanna how would she die , richie ? richie blunt instrument . cerebral hematoma . hanna who be they ? there Pov : heavyset black woman and two stunne young boy . she 's cry and argue with two uniform lapd try to hold she back . one lapd be a black woman . the heavyset woman do not really know what happen yet except it 's bad . richie ( o.s. ) ( low ) the family . hanna ( o.s. ) what the hell be they doin ' here ? richie + hanna richie ( low ; shrug ) it 's fuck up . somebody inside know the girl and call the family . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54. now richie bend over the body bag on the ground and unzip it . we do not see the dead girl . we only see hanna . a third uniform officer in the background spin away . hanna oh , this be nice . richie I want you to see this ' cause I get a feel it 's serial and gonna end up in you court . hanna homicide get anywhere ? richie nowhere . hanna rise . the mother 's argue with the man cop because she want to see . horror and hysteria blossoming through shock . she push the uniform cop of the way . hanna go to try to help . they grapple . mother ( reach out ) baby ! where 's my baby .! anguish . it 's a mess . the woman collapse into hanna 's arm . for one moment hanna 's eye lock onto hers . he freeze . one do not forget the look he see in she eye . CUT to : ext . drive -in theater - caprice work car - day drive by Neil to camera appear and disappear up and down the earthwork ramp . we do not know what he 's do in one the last drive - in theater in California at high noon . wide from the rear the white screen reveal its crack and patch . close on entrance a yellow full size dodge pickup with darken window enter . it hesitates and then slowly drive toward Neil - up and the ramp between the speaker pole . on dodge pick up circle wide and come up almost parallel to the caprice . as the driver pull to a stop we see a envelope on the da ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . neil you keep you hand in sight ! I tell you what to do , how to do it . driver yessir . I be just the delivery boy . rear shot of the two vehicle . out of the cover bed of the pick - up a small man slowly slip out . man crawl under the pick - up and Neil 's car and emerge on the passenger side behind Neil 's rear wheel in Neil 's blind spot . he inch towards the window . he carry a 15 - shot colt .22 woodsman with a huge silencer . he be totally relaxed and professional . neil concentrate on the driver , who 's calm . neil now , with you right hand only : throw the envelope in my back seat . driver start to reach for the envelope and toss it into Neil 's car . neil see he eye dart . Neil glance at he right rear view mirror . neil be Pov : man with the silence .22 . wide from the front Neil floor the caprice and it catapult and buck over row of ramp . rear shot - man pump shot into the rear of the caprice . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . int . caprice - neil jerk out he 9 mm brown as .22 slug drill precise hole through the windshield . ext . drive - in - very wide Neil throw the caprice through a skid 180 degree turn and accelerate toward the man who move back towards the dodge pickup for cover . int . pickup - driver panic now . the dodge take off , abandon the man with the .22 . int . caprice - neil be Pov : sky-ground pitch back and forth , up and down . the man run , turn , stand , and fire . ext . drive - in - profile : caprice and abandoned gunman who fire until the caprice smashes into he . int . caprice - neil skid around to a stop and bail out . ext . drive - in - dodge pickup accelerate to the exit lane , kick up billow of dust . int . pick - up - driver be Pov - clear exit until cerrito and Chris fold out from either side of the exit gate with shotgun . they FIRE : CUT to : ext . drive - in - wide the windshield be blow out and the Driver 's half into the back seat . the car roll over onto its side . cerrito fire into the expose gas tank . it blows up . neil approach the fall gunman and with the 'mm . brown at he temple , kick away the .22 . gunman ( cough blood ) can I make it ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . Neil look at he smashed , twisted body and bleed mouth he 's choke to death . Neil shake he head " no . " neil you be all do , pal . gunman do it . he close he eye . neil aim . fire once . very wide from the top of the drive - in screen - sunset the whole landscape . Neil with the gun heavy at the end of he arm walk from the gunman to the caprice . Chris and cerrito - like duck hunter - cradle they shotgun and cross to a lincoln away from the burn pickup . CUT to : int . malibu security , van zant office - van zant - night phone ring . occupy , he casually answer . neil ( o.s. ) John Van Zant ? van zant yeah . who 's this ? neil ( o.s. ) Neil mccauley . Van Zant react , racing , try to cover . van zant this kid I send to straighten you up on the money ... do not call . be ... uh ... everything alright ? neil ( laid back ) tell you what : keep the money . van zant what ? neil ( slow ) " ... keep ... the ... money . " convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58. van zant ( fast ) it 's a lot of money ! what be you do ? neil ( slow ) what be I doin ' I be talk into a empty telephone . van zant I do not understand . neil ( matter of fact ) ' Cause there be a dead man on the other end of this line ... Neil hang up . Hugh benny have enter . Van Zant look at the phone , then Hugh : van zant ( shout ) who be this people ? huh ?! CUT to : int . chinese restaurant , phone booth - neil - night be re-dialing . kelso ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) yeah ? neil ( into phone ) you get a clean line ? CUT to : int . kelso trailer - cezar kelso - night in he wheelchair . he check a meter attach to he telephone wire . kelso ( into phone ) yeah . neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) I get a delay drop the $ 50,000 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . kelso ( into phone ) you do not have a delay . what you do not have be a deal . ( beat ) swing by and collect you envelope sometime . Goodbye . start to hang up . neil ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) wait a minute , pal -o!! kelso do . int . chinese restaurant - neil neil ( into phone ) you be go to wait for I for a week . I will buy a week with the five . it 's above and beyond the fifty and if I wash , you keep it . ( beat ) you be go to wait for I ' cause you want I to take it down . you know it 's get better odd with I in . ( pause ) now do we have a understanding ? kelso ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) Seven day . click . wide on round table Michael and Elaine cerrito , Chris and charlene , towner and he wife anna - a strike black woman we will see later - sit around the table and sing " happy anniversary " to the tune of " happy birthday " as a chinese waiter bring Elaine and Michael cerrito a cake ; Neil return . voice ... happy anniversary to you . happy anniversary dear Michael and Elaine . happy anniversary to you . everyone applaud and laugh and raise glass of plum wine except cerrito who drink club soda . Elaine and Michael blow out the candle . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . the skeleton of a steam sea bass be in the center of the table . CUT to : int . men' room of chinese restaurant - close on faucet - night it 's a loud torrent - tilt up to three shot : Neil , cerrito and Chris be cluster around the sink . the water run seemingly aimlessly . it also would drow out a bug . neil ( loud over water ) we will down platinum through nate . the deal be 72 % of today 's quote on the bourse in the New York Times . cerrito ( loud over water ) you get the black box for the alarm ? CHRIS ( loud over water ) yeah . towner deliver . they be in the drop . neil ( loud over water ) we pass by couple time tomorrow afternoon . check nothing strange in the neighborhood . tomorrow night : we take it down . you set on the rear door . CHRIS ( loud over water ) I be go to punch it ... ( beat ) what do we do about Van Zant ? neil ( loud over water ) kill he ... after the score . CHRIS ( loud ) kelso ? neil ( loud ) we will use nate 's advance off the platinum when I down the merch to pay kelso for the bank package . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61. Neil turn off the water and they leave . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - plum wine at table - later Elaine drink . widen . Michael whisper in she ear . she smile . then she laugh and drape a arm around he neck and plant a kiss that almost knock he over . the party , wind down . everyone luxuriate in the afterglow . charlene and CHRIS sedate , comfortable , each in separate thought . CHRIS ( quietly ) you okay ? charlene I be fine . CHRIS ( arm around she ) makin ' it happen this time ... charlene I hope so . I really hope so . they be close for this moment : the afterglow of the dinner . neil look at charlene . charlene see and hold he look and then she attention shift to Elaine . neil check he watch . waiter approach Neil with the bill . michael ( to Neil ) hey ! CHRIS let I have it ! neil ( smile ) I get it . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62. ext . chinese restaurant - neil - night and everyone else exit from the restaurant , say they goodby and go to they car : Neil 's lincoln , Chris 's Seville , cerrito 's sedan de ville , towner to a restore El camino . we hear : beep -beep -beep . hanna ( o.s. ) a goddamn convention . we hear a soft film advance and shutter . casal ( o.s. ) who 's " slick ? " pull back to reveal rear shot of hanna , drucker , casal and a surveillance team on the roof across the street behind some neon . drucker cerrito , the wide one . he 's hugge twice . one if he find it behind the wheel wall . the back - up 's in the firewall . we get they plate . casal yeah . drucker one with the hair be shiherlis . get a revolve tail and a tap on the house phone . hanna ( be Neil ) who 's the big guy ? drucker first time we be see he . hanna roll away from he line of sight and say to he man : hanna next time this crew score ? when they walk in that door ? they will get the surprise of a lifetime . CUT to : ext . eady's house , deck - two shot - night Neil 's shirt 's open . eady 's in a terry robe . they have make love . it 's late . they be awake . after a moment : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. neil ( hold she close : look at she face ) come away with I . eady what ? ( surprised ) where ? neil New Zealand . eady when ? neil soon . eady you be kid . neil what 's stop you ? what 's here ? eady ( laugh ) I do not know you . neil what 's to know ? eady be you marry ? neil ( laugh ) why ? eady Way you come and go . neil I deal with state official . County . weird hour . a lot of travel , entertaining . ( beat ) the last thing I be be marry . there 's a pause , then : eady you do not know I at all , Neil ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64. neil I know enough . eady my father want I to marry someone in Taipei . it be like I be a piece of furniture : " go be he wife . " after I leave he will not talk to I . because I go on my own . I can not let people tell roe what to do again . and that trust come from know someone over time . ( avoid Neil ) this be hard between we for I . because I like you very much . Neil look right into eady 's face . neil I have to leave . come away with I . ( beat ) no one will ever tell you what to do ... you will never lose yourself with I . she believe he . so do we . CUT to : int . south LA brea motel - close on hooker - night she 's a black prostitute - all of 18 . she look bored and chew gum as she put on a rayon japanese kimono and exit . angle on bed - waingro sit on the edge of the rumple bed in he jeans . he wear a neck brace . his face be still swollen and bruise from Neil 's beat . his belt be not buckle . he 's in a daze . o.s. we hear a toilet flush . prostitute return . waingro look over at she : prostitute ( tired ) hey , baby . waingro show you a good time ? huh ? prostitute oh , yeah . you fly . you cool . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . waingro do not lie to I . I can always tell when people lie to I . prostitute I be not lyin ' ! you a hot dog . you a cowboy . you hang like a horse and this be the monster fuck of my young life . ( pause ) now I gotta get my ass streetside . waingro you do not have a truth -telling style . prostitute the fuck 's wrong with you ? waingro wind up and crack the girl . she knock over a cheap lamp and bounce off a wall . prostitute on she stomach on the floor , daze . waingro kick she and throw a small table at she . it smashes apart . waingro ( shout ) you think I be some john ? I be a stone killer ! I be a sky - blue bad ass , bitch ! CUT to : int . MIRACLE mile bar - on waingro - night at the bar drink alone . the log of a asian girl dance most patron be Korean . bartender approach . bartender ( tired smile ) once again ? waingro ( feel good now ) sure , good buddy . set it up . bartender pour and waingro knock it back , watch the asian dancer and pop a five and a ten to he across the bar . waingro I be look to get into something . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66. bartender ( smile ) yeah ? where you be ? waingro chino , Tracy . I be a cowboy , heavy-hitter . billy rickett say to come see you . bartender write on a cocktail napkin . bartender go see this guy . this guy always put guy on . waingro flip the bartender a $ 20 . waingro thanks . another woman take waingro 's eye . he spin around on he bar stool and grab she arm as she pass . Big smile . its ... lillian breedan 's woman . she , too , be a dancer and she shift 's over . she 's wear a raincoat over tight and a sweatshirt she jerk she arm away . lillian ( heavy ) get you fuck hand off my arm ! waingro back way off and shrug . lillian leave . CUT to : int . lillian be car - lillian - night down the Strip . the radio be on . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) hey , hey ! ( beat ) ... there , old aware one , and you , too , my fair one . when tear be fall like rain the groove be strictly col-trane ... lillian turn right up into the driveway and pull into Robert 's coffee shop . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. she ask solenko who 's behind the cash register something , then leave , head across the street to ... CUT to : int . narrow polynesian bar - breedan - night a back corner , load , look up . breedan hey ! lillian ( o.s. ) let 's go , baby . Big drunk smile . she help he up and support he weight . CUT to : ext . polynesian bar , two shot - night it 's later . breedan 's be sick . now he 's sober . they sit near trash barrel under a huge plaster half shell , fishing net and blue light . breedan I get any leave ? lillian there 's other paycheck . you blow it off . it 's worth it , baby , cause you mess with that man and you be violate right back to San quentin . so you get to handle it ' till we get you a different job . breedan ( energy ) yeah . that motherfucker be not invent the hard time this gangster can not handle !. ( crash ) why you stickin ' with I , lillian ? why ? lillian stare right at he . lillian ' Cause I be proud of you . proud you my man . breedan ( crack up ) proud of I ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68. breedan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what you proud of I for ? lillian ( beat ) come on home . breedan put one arm around she waist and they strenuously rise . CUT to : ext . ema precious metal , rear - wide on alley - night nothing . hold . then the pontiac work car cruise the alley . it 's dark , but we recognize cerrito drive with Neil in the passenger seat . pontiac do not slow down at era , keep go to the end of the block and turn leave . CUT to : int . ema precious metal , inc . - hanna - night stake out inside . with he be schwartz , casal , bosko and two uniform policeman : bruce and berryman . Bruce rearrange himself . hanna shoot he a lock . he stop fidget . hanna look at wall clock : 10:30p.M. ext . ema precious metal , rear alley - pontiac cruise the alley a second time . again , it do not stop . CUT to : ext . adjacent rooftop - capt . jackson - night and a ten man swat team be spread out across roof . the man wear flack vest and carry a array of shotgun and assault rifle and shotgun . everybody be still . capt . jackson use a periscope to see over the edge : jackson be Pov : alley abandon . int . ema - hanna' stake -out bruce ( into radio ) okay . ( to hanna ) Captain Jackson want to know what 's goin ' on . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . hanna ( into he radio ) nothing . clear the air . he click off make a drink motion to ... hanna ... who shake he head " no . " he put a finger over he lip meaning silence . hanna look at the clock . it 's 12:03 a.m . hanna take a deep breath . he close and open he eye . they wait . ext . alley - wide on alley - later nothing . then the pontiac with its light off roll forward . Chris get out with a salesman 's sample case and pad down the five step to the rear entry of the jewelry store . Chris be in a black suit and sneaker . there be surgical glove on he hand . the other stay in the car . tighter : CHRIS assemble a heavy lock punch from the black case . it 's formidable . he nod . cerrito in lineman 's gear be out of the car and he quickly climb the telephone pole like a experience lineman . the telephone pole be next to the roof upon which Jackson and the swat team be stake - out . top of pole - cerrito arrive . he 's 18 inch away from 11 cop . team nor cerrito be aware of each other . int . ema , inc . - hanna neither the swat move he head to ease the strain : a hearing aid receiver 's in hit ear . he look at he man . the clock say 1:10 a.m . casal , leg convulse . Bruce be the worst . he writhes with cramped muscle . bosko 's bulk do not move . hanna gesture for Bruce to quiet down . ext . alley - cerrito maneuver past p.g.e. gear and open the gte junction box . he hang a small suitcase over the door with three black box and six alligator clip and start search for convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . pair of color wire and bridge the jewelry store 's alarm circuit . ext . roof - jackson do not know cerrito be there . he hear breathing . he 's curious . he raise he head over the edge and he eye go wide . widen . he 's inch from the back of cerrito 's head . cerrito twist and turn and jerk back in effort - almost touch Jackson . cerrito 's too absorb to sense Jackson 's presence . Jackson carefully close he eye and sink down . ext . ema , inc . , rear entrance - CHRIS he get a nod from cerrito . he slam the lock punch with a cut down sledge hammer . ecu : door a I " circle be punch into the steel lock mechanism next to the cylinder , expose electrical wiring and magnetic tumbler and " gate . " ecu : CHRIS ' finger like a cardiac surgeon 's , have a balletic grace as they manipulate the tumbler so the groove cut in each one line up . as they do , a bar of metal call the " fence " fall into the channel create by the line - up gate , unlock the mechanism . wide : CHRIS touch the door . it swing - soundlessly - open on its hinge . surprisingly , they now pack up . Neil , Chris and cerrito climb into the pontiac and drive away . the door be leave wide open . ext . roof - jackson jackson ( into walkie- talkie ) where would ... they ...go ? int . ema , inc . - on hanna hanna ( piss ; into mike ) fell back to see if the alarm bypass hold . if they do , they will be back . stay the fuck off the radio ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . int . ema , basement - wide on vault door nothing . it 's black . then there 's light . Neil 's enter . he illuminate the vault with he penlight . CHRIS set up a heavy drill and tape a template with drill point mark to the door . int . ema , inc . - bruce be in agony . his muscle be cramped - he roll on the floor try to control himself . his head inch up , drop back . hanna calm Bruce with hand gesture . wide the clock say 2:00 a.m . hanna ( tense whisper ) quiet ! ! Bruce start shaking , violently . he twist . his belt buckle hit the floor . there be the smallest tap . hanna close he eye . int . basement - neil look up at the ceiling . down at the floor . he think . pause . this be the first tire we have hear they speak in this sequence . neil ( he decide ; whisper ) ... we walk . CHRIS ( tense whisper ; be : the box ) I be 60 second away . it 's a rat or something . neil ( whisper ) it be not a animal sound . we be out of here . CHRIS ( tense whisper ) we need the cash !! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72. neil ( tense whisper ; already go ) we walk !! now . no argument . Chris put down he equipment . they strip off and drop they surgical glove . Chris toss he shop coat on the floor . both unpin the lapel of what be reveal to be dark suit with shirt underneath . they abandon everything . they walk out the back door and keep go . ext . rooftop - on jackson jackson ( into radio ; whisper ) they be leave . why be they leave ?! rooftop Pov : wide on alley below Neil and Chris enter , approach the pontiac with cerrito behind the wheel . jackson ( o.s. ) ( radio filter ; whisper ) I can take them , now ! hanna ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ; whisper ) let them go . int . ema , inc . - hanna jackson ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) at least we get them on a ... for the first time in the last seven minute we hear a normal voice . its loud . hanna ( cut he off ; into radio ) let they go . we get nothing ! not even a burglary . they do not fuck steal anything yet . do not you get it ? all we have get 's break and entry . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73. ext . rooftop Pov : on alley below Neil and Chris be in the pontiac . Jackson 's man be poise . jackson ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) I be not let they walk ! hanna the fuck you be not ! that 's exactly what you be gonna do . it 's my investigation . and my authority supersede you rank ! and I be not settling for some chicken shit misdemeanor ! cerrito pull away . at the end he turn on he headlight , signal like a good driver , and turn right . int . ema , inc . , first floor - wide manna snap off the radio . hanna back to work . then he pitch the radio in a line drive at Bruce , barely miss he head . radio smashes into piece . CUT to : ext . general liquors , las vega - wide - day a " Las Vegas Police Department " car pull to the curb . hanna and schwartz get out and cross the crabgrass , dirt , and debris-filled forecourt to a cheaply construct wood and glass one - story building . CUT to : marcian0's office - marciano - day hang up the phone . we hear the door OPEN . marciano ( rise ; big smile ) what can I do for you guy ? ignore he hand and shove he back into he office chair with a open hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . closer hanna rip open marciano 's desk drawer find a gun , unload it , throw it on the floor , find a small tape recorder , pop the tape out and toss it to schwartz . then he flash a badge at marciano . marciano l.a.p.d . who the hell you think you be push around ? you get no jurisdiction and I know people here ! schwartz who ? the fuck tooth Fairy ! so what ? hanna you go back to Newark on a New Jersey warrant for smuggle cigarettes up from North Carolina three year ago or you go to work for we . cut and dry . that ...is ...it. marciano oh , my God ... hanna charlene shiherlis . marciano who ? schwartz " who ? " the stranger you be talkin ' dirty to on the telephone every day for the last month . marciano you can not tie I to she ! hanna who have to . you be onna plane to New Jersey , jagoff . marciano oh , man ... ( to himself ) why do I get mix up with that bitch ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . hanna ( sit down ) ' Cause she 's get a great ass and you go T you head all the way up it . marciano ( defeat ) so ? hanna so it 's no big thing . I do not even want she . you can have she , after . I want she husband and all he buddy ; that 's all . and you be gonna help . CUT to : int . robert coffee shop - neil + CHRIS - day in a booth next to the window . out the window be morning traffic on beverly boulevard . empty coffee cup say they have be there a while . they lean close and talk low . Neil 's explosive behind it . neil lapd ? the g? what ? where the hell do this heat come from ? CHRIS maybe it 's only the ema score , not we . neil ( low ) wake up ! ( beat ) assume they get we phone , we house bugge , I beeper on all the car . we get major problem .. where 's cerrito ? Neil look over at the cook behind the high counter and recognize he . neil be Pov : david breedan neil ( o.s. ) recognize the cook ? CHRIS no . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . neil D block . San q. do a nickel on armed robbery . int . kitchen - breedan grim , cold , work he ass off on five breakfast order simultaneously . neil ( o.s. ) hey , David . how you do ? breedan turn , recognize Neil and warm as if the sun rise . breedan hey , homeboy ! all right ! ( flip egg ; check order ) how bout you ? neil ( sit on counter ) gettin ' by . you okay ? breedan ( embarrassed ; be : job ) yeah . temporary . know what I mean ? Neil look out and see cerrito . neil sure . see you around . int . restaurant - on booth Neil slide in . neil ( to cerrito ) what take you so long ? cerrito ( low ) my car . bug . two of them . Count them . one in the wheel well . second behind the fire wall . night of the party ? I drop Elaine and swing by ema to check out the junction box ... he do not have to say anymore . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . CHRIS without the platinum how do we buy the bank score ? neil I cash in t-bill to pay-off kelso . that 's not we problem . cerrito what the hell happen to Van Zant and we 750 ? neil with the heat we get , you wanna play World War two in the street with Van Zant ? cerrito Van Zant get a pass ?! neil fuck Van Zant . I get more motivation to whack he than you do . he be a luxury . we problem be : jam and take the bank or split . ( beat ) and I mean right fuck now . do not go home , pack , nothing . thirty second from now we be on the road . go . no answer . Chris and cerrito be think . CHRIS for I , the bank 's worth the stretch . I say accept the risk , stay . neil Michael ? cerrito ( quietly ) I roll with you . whatever ... neil ( quietly ) not on this one , Michael . on this one you make up you own mind . cerrito ( he can not ) ... you figure this the best thing to do ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78. neil I get some plan . to go away after . so for I , it 's worth the stretch . Chris be surprised . neil ( continue ) but , Elaine take good care of you . you get plenty put away . T. bond ; real estate . if I be you , I would be smart and cut loose of this . cerrito think . the he shrug , laugh : cerrito hey . to I the action 's half the juice anyway . I be in . neil all right . all right . CUT to : ext . wilimington oil field - oil pump - day widen . it 's a desolate area - empty space . off in the distance be a manufacturing plant and a billboard . pan left and hold on cerrito 's coupe de ville . it pull down the dirt access road , lurching up and down on its soft shock , and raise billow of tan dust . it stop . Neil - in a gray chamois jacket over a black T-shirt - get out . he have not shave in a couple of day . Chris and Michael cerrito get out the leave side . they walk to camera and : cerrito that the place ? neil yeah . you see how the road lead back around ? cerrito yeah . neil that 's the escape route ... very long shot : neil , cerrito and CHRIS the three man point . Chris draw a map . then they climb back into the sky-blue cadillac and drive away . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . schwartz ( o.s. ) this be it . pull back and reveal schwartz with binocular and casal with earphone . they have be surveilling Neil and cerrito . there 's a tape recorder with a directional microphone in a parabolic dish . casal I know . let 's go ! wider the two man run back from they observation position to a unmark car park a hundred yard behind . CUT to : same scene - wide - later - sunset it 's later . the camera pan the empty , desolate landscape of oil pump , dirt road and a solitary billboard . hanna ( o.s. ) what be they take down out here ? pull back to reveal hanna , schwartz , casal and bosko . hanna look through binocular . casal they be look at something southwest ... hanna what 's 's that down there ? casal a auto part company . they be go to knock over a payroll ? schwartz the company only pay by check . hanna maybe they be gonna steal the hub cap ... o.s. we hear a click . hanna ( continue ) a billboard . oil pump . what the hell 's goin ' on ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80. schwartz that 's what we be try to figure . angle on hanna recognition dawns . hanna I get a idea what they be look at . you know what they be look at ? hanna turn he back on the rest of the detective and a big smile dawns upon he face . he raise he arm out wide . hanna turn in one direction , then another . schwartz do not understand . hanna ( continue ; to schwartz ) be that guy something ; or be that guy something ? I mean , you gotta give this crew credit . they be so fuck good ... ( beat ) know what he 's look at ? very tight on hanna in 3 / 4 rear shot the image vibrate . hanna say more . we do not hear it . we hear a camera shutter click . the image focus and defocuse . another click . hanna us. the l.a.p.d. the Police Department . we just get make ... hanna laugh . ext . knoll - l.s. hanna - twilight pull back to reveal he 's be surveille by Neil . he 's be photograph hanna with a black Nikon on a tripod with a 1300 mm Questar reflector lens . Neil 's make he tail . the recce in the blue cadillac be bait . Neil half return hanna 's smile . he climb into the caprice . cerrito roar off , leave a cloud of dust which billow into mauve against the deep sky . CUT to : ext . kelso' trailer - wide - night Neil come out with nate . kelso move in he wheelchair and close the door . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. they cross to nate 's buick and get in . Neil carry a large , black sample case . CUT to : int . nate' mercede - two shot - traveling - day vapor light glide past . Neil examine circuit diagram and architectural blueprint of the bank . next he unfold a paste - together 180 degree view of the street . nate Worth it ? neil ( impressed ) there 's enough circuit diagram and blueprint here to build the bank . ( beat ) it 's terrific . Neil put the material back in the case and snap it shut . next , nate hand Neil a thick envelope . Inside be the picture Neil take of hanna and xerox of hanna 's employment record . nate his name be hanna ; first name , Vincent . I smear this sergeant in vice five yard . hanna 's all over you . he 's a hot dog . Lieutenant in major crime unit . he 's take down some heavy crew . blew away frankie yonder in Chicago and he be a fuck maniac . be work narcotics before that . he 's good , Neil . dedicate . divorce three time . current wife 's Justine . he 's why the extra heat . ( pause ) vice sergeant say hanna like you . thinks you be some kind of ' star . ' ' you do this sharp , you do that sharp . look how sharp this guy be to figure that . ' Neil laugh . nate ( continue ) funny as a heart attack . ( pause ) with this guy and this much heat , you should pass on the bank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. neil I have have heat before . nate that 's not the point . neil this one 's worth the stretch nate you sure ? neil I be sure . Drop I at the garage . CUT to : int . van zant office - on van zant - day he 's check a computer print - out against a ledger sheet . he look like he 's be sleep in he clothes . his door open . he 's startle . hugh benny in a iridescent gold suit no tie - stick he head in . he break the ankle of people who - for the most part - work for a live and have fall behind on a juice loan . he look the part . hugh hear from he yet ? van zant not a thing . hugh maybe he go away . van zant ( sarcastic ) yeah . sure. ( beat ) not hearing bother I more ... ( a afterthought ) where 's this guy ? Hugh gesture down the corridor . waingro enter . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83. hugh ( be waingro ) this guy here ... we put he on . turn out he know mccauley . waingro waingro . my name 's waingro. ( smile ) van zant I be live in this office day and night . what 's with you friend ? waingro I know all about how he think . we take some major score together . he 's probably busy right now . but he 's real thorough . he will not forget you ... van zant ( wry ) that 's reassure . waingro yeah , I get some move I could make here , that could be a big help to you ... CUT to : int . hanna condo - hanna - 6 : oo p.m. enter . he 's beat . he enter kitchen . int . kitchen - wide it 's a mess with dirty dish stack in the sink . hanna Justine ? no answer . int . justine's bathroom - justine put on makeup . she 's dress up : short black dress , fish net stocking . hanna where we go ? no answer . hanna get it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. hanna ( continue ; acid ) where be you go ? justine out . hanna leave . then Justine look at where he stand . her cold demeanor crack , then reassemble and she light a roach , take a hit , dump it in the toilet and finish she makeup . int . kitchen - hanna start clean dish in the sink . a door close ( o.s. ) . he pump liquid vel . it sud . hanna pick up a plate to wash it . he look at it . pause . then he smashes the plate into the pile of dirty dish and rest on he forearm . CUT to : ext . 405 - traffic - night under the flight path near lax . we crane down and pick up Neil 's town car . CUT to : int . town car - neil - night drive , look into the rear mirror . flasher hit he car and a spotlight wave he over . he check for helicopter . there be none . neil be Pov : one unmarked police car this be a routine stop . it 's early evening , rush hour . neil slip he 'mm . brown under he thigh and pull over . ext . 405 shoulder - wide both car pull onto the shoulder . out of the unmark police car walk Vincent hanna in jeans and a sweatshirt . he approach Neil 's car . neil watch hanna approach , wary . he do not expect this to happen . hanna you know I be on you . let 's talk . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 85 . neil ( beat ; then ) sure . buy I a cup of coffee . hanna cross back to he car . CUT to : ext . food stand - hanna + neil - night at a table . headlights stream by to and from the airport : business people , family go on vacation , people live normal life who have never use gun to kill people , never experience physical violence , some who have never be steal from and never steal . surrounded on all side by this flow of normalcy : hanna Seven year in San quentin . in the hole for three . mcneil before that . neil yeah . hanna be mcneil as tough as they say ? neil you look to become a penologist ? hanna you look to go back ? I chase some crew , the guy be lookin ' to fuck up and get bust back . neil you must have work some dipshit crew . hanna I work all kind . neil ( pause ) you see I do thrill - seeker liquor store holdup with a " bear to lose " tattoo on my chest ? hanna no , I do not . neil right . and I ... ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86. neil ( cont 'd ) ( low threat ) I be never go back . the adversarial intensity be eye- to-eye . hanna then do not take down score . neil I do what I do best . I take score . you do what you do best try to stop guy like I . ( shrug ) hanna you never want a normal - type life ? neil what the fuck be that ? barbecues and ballgame ? hanna that 's part of it . neil that 's nice . that you life ? hanna no . my wife spend half she time on the couch . my stepdaughter 's get problem ' cause she real father 's a world class asshole . and every moment I get , I be chase guy like you . neil a man tell I once : you want to make move ? do not keep anything in you life you be not willing to walk out on in 30 second flat if you feel the heat around the corner . ( pause ) so if you be chase I and you gotta move when I move , how do you expect to keep a family ? hanna what be you , a monk ? neil no. ( pause ) I get a woman . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87. hanna what do you tell she ? neil she think I sell swim pool . hanna and if you spot I around the corner . you gonna walk out on she ? leave she flat ? like that ? not even say goodbye ? neil that 's the discipline . hanna what you be leave with be pretty empty . neil yeah ? ( beat ) then maybe you and I , we should both go do something ' else , pal . hanna I do not know how to do anything else . neil ( the share confession ) ... neither do I . hanna and I do not much want to . neil neither do i. both of this guy look at each other and recognize the mutuality of they condition . hanna 's light laughter : hanna we be sit here like a coupla regular fella . you do what you do . I do what I gotta do . what happen if I be there and I get to put you away ? ( pause ) I will not like it . but , if it 's between you and some poor bastard whose wife you be go to make into a widow , brother , you be gonna go down . ' Cause you do not ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88. hanna ( cont 'd ) have to be there . you coulda go and be a ... a mailman . neil there 's a flip side to that coin . what if you get I box in and I gotta put you down ? ( beat ) ' Cause no matter what , you will not get in my way . ( beat ) but now that we be face to face , I would not feel good about that . but I will not hesitate . not for one second . hanna ( smile ) maybe it will happen that way . or who know ... neil ... maybe we will never see each other again . they look at each other for a moment . Neil 's wry smile . hanna ( to waitress ) can we have the bill . CUT to : int . hanna' office - hanna - night enter . drucker they dumped we ! hanna what ? drucker they dumped we . hanna I be just with he ! drucker with who ? hanna whattaya mean , " they dumped we " ?! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . drucker Chris slip he tail . and Chris do not talk about job with charlene so there 's nothing for marciano to get from she . hanna ( to casal ) cerrito ? casal disappear . no call to the house . not home . hanna locator on they car ?! casal ( painful ) cerrito dumped he on a ups van . surveillance tail a ups van to oxnard . hanna pick up phone to call someone . hanna ( shout ) they dumped all we tail ?!! casal yeah . all at the same time . about nine p.m. hanna ( shout ) I have coffee with mccauley half a hour ago . what happen ? casal we tail see you . mccauley pull into a car wash . car come out . he do not . hanna 's get no one to call . he throw the phone at the wall . hanna do anybody have any idea where the fuck this people be at ? ' Cause whatever they be gonna do , they be do it right now ! no one do . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . ext . alley - wide - night 1:00a.m. we see nothing . the alley be black . we hear a buzz . zoom in to a figure in black - almost invisible . the buzz become a intense tearing SOUND . at the end of the zoom we realize it 's Neil . neil ( whisper ) get it . it 's eighteen inch in . CHRIS open he satchel and take out a voltmeter . CUT to : int . bank - upper storage room - wide - night it 's desert and unlit . we hear the scraping noise of Neil and Chris work . slowly zoom into the upper corner near the ceiling : a row of large fuse box . we zoom into the center one . a sign : " lighting and alarm system " CUT to : int . robert coffee shop - on neil - day he , cerrito and Chris sit in a back booth . no one say anything and they wait . there 's the monotonous drine of musak . Neil watch the cook behind the high counter . angle on kitchen - breedan see Neil and nod . Neil wave . neil where the hell 's towner ? I want to pass by early . I want to check the slot for the work car . Chris look at the wall clock : 12:30 . solenko cross to cashier - a old lady with red lipstick . solenko ( be : Neil , Chris and cerrito ) how long that guy be sit back there ? cashier hour or so ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91. solenko ( crossing to grill ) they think this a hotel ? solenko' Pov : of neil , CHRIS and cerrito in the booth . they be tense . solenko do not know he ought not to want to mess with they . solenko ( o.s. ) ( tough ) twenty minute , then I toss they ass out of here . int . kitchen - breedan - day flip six egg on the grill , throw freeze french fries in the oil , turn bacon , flip pancake and dump eight piece of bread in the toaster . solenko enter . breedan ( without turn ) you spell I ? I do not take my break yet ... solenko that spic , cisco kid , whatever , do not show . after the lunch rush , haul out the garbage and mop the back . take you break later . breedan take it out on the toaster handle - bang down each one . booth - cerrito on he fifth coffee , look up . cerrito here he be . towner cross through and join they . he 's tense . towner hey ! I be out ! I can not go . neil what be you talk about ? towner Anna 's get a perforate appendix . we take she to the hospital . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92. towner ( cont 'd ) they be operate right now . it 's a mess . I get to get back there ... neil what the hell I do for a driver ?! towner look , I get she sister there , wait at the hospital . I come over ' cause I do not want to talk on the phone . ( continue : rise ) I get to get back . last thing I would do be let you down , Neil ... neil what do you call this ? back I up ? towner ( tense ; angry ) I wait too long try to get past today ! so now maybe she get peritonitis . ( beat ) I get to be there ... he leave . CHRIS what the fuck do we do now ? in answer , Neil rise and go back into the restaurant kitchen . int . kitchen - two shot - day Neil enter . breedan turn . neil here come you second chance for a change of luck ... breedan yeah ? neil need a driver . remember the drill ? breedan yeah . when ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. neil to-day . breedan ( look at solenko ) you be on . neil out back in five . Neil leave . breedan rip off he apron . egg be burn on the grill . the toast be smoking - cloud billow . sprinkler come on . breedan could not care less . solenko race in . breedan roll he apron into a ball and throw it away . solenko ( shout ) where the fuck you go ? breedan throw solenko out of the way . solenko slip and fall into the wet mess on the floor . CUT to : int . towner' house kitchen - towner' pickup - day approach , park . he cut the engine . footstep . then towner enter he live room . waingro ( o.s. ) they buy it ? waingro be reveal lean against the door jam to the rear bedroom . he straighten he clothes . a baseball bat rest against the wall . towner yeah . waingro ( buddy -buddy ) I get to hand it to you , sport . you be slick , pal smart how you handle all this . on the ball . yeah . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94. he wink . Hugh benny ( from Van Zant 's office ) rest against a bamboo bar with a 'mm . beretta in he waistband . towner ( wry ) thanks . where 's Anna ? waingro she 's rest . it 's go down anyway ? on schedule ? towner that 's right . waingro ( to Hugh ) make the call . Hugh cross to the phone . towner where 's she ? waingro I dunno . towner know what happen when Neil find out ? to both of we ? waingro I know what 's gonna happen . nothing 's gonna happen . ' Cause I get it master minded . I get it jamme . this be solid . take it from the kid . towner you hope . ( pause ) what do you mean , you do not know where she be ? towner look at Hugh . hugh dial the phone - stare at towner with a blank look . towner fear blossom . he race to the bathroom off the kitchen from which waingro enter . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . towner ( scream ) Anna ? waingro ( follow ; to he back ) ... show she a good time . we see Anna 's arm on the floor . waingro 's pick up the baseball bat he rest against the door jamb . CUT to : ext . first commercial bank of wilmington - traveling past entrance - day we pan to hold it . the entrance be on the street . the parking lot be on the side . neil ( o.s. ) there 's the slot . pull back to reveal we be shoot from inside a mercury station wagon . breedan drive . by now we be wide all the way from behind the rear seat . cerrito and Chris sit in the rear . ahead , cone block parking in one slot . breedan look right . come out the door , you angle take you into the car . do not have to run around the door . you want they open ? neil no . ' Cause time be not a problem . and I want nothing to look weird . breedan po-lice response time ? neil there be none . breedan why ? CHRIS Cause we bypass all the alarm last night . ( continue ) for you this whole gig be a slow cruise down hawthorne ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . cerrito hand out woman 's stocking . the man rip open the package and start to roll they up . CUT to : int . division headquarters , hanna' office - burglary detective - day name harry dieter - cross through the corridor , take he tine - stop for water and the candy bar machine - enroute to hanna 's office . CUT to : int . MERCURY wagon - cerrito - day breedan at the curb on a residential street off hawthorne in view of the bank . cerrito from a paper bag hand out three h &amp ; k model 53 small machine - gun and give breedan a .45 and two extra clip . close shot Neil , Chris and cerrito wear they stubby weapon conceal under nylon shell jacket on shoulder strap . they shove into place the curve clip , and release the top bolt , jack the first round into chamber . neil check he watch . neil ( with finality ) Drop we in the slot . let 's take it down . the mercury wagon pull from the curb . cerrito check and he re-check he gun . breedan drive . cool. unharrass . his own run , perform the simple and critical task of drive a station wagon and obey perfectly every single rule of the California vehicle code . ext . - hawthorne avenue - MERCURY approach camera . breedan put on the leave turn signal and for the sign . hawthorne be crowded with housewive , woman and kid and commercial traffic . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . there 's a safeway down from they with afternoon shopper and newspaper rack . CUT to : int . hanna office - dieter - day enter . dieter ( casual ) hey , casal . I get this tip phone in about this bank . it mean anything to you ? casal , bored , look at the paper and explode out of he chair . running for hanna 's desk : casal ( shout ) Vincent ! Vincent ! wide hanna come up , coffee in he hand . casal commercial Bank ! wilmington ! 2:50 ! they look up at clock . there Pov : it's 2:43 . wide hanna spill he coffee and run out without he coat . casal , bosko and schwartz follow . CUT to : int . henessey and ingall , stockroom - close on eady - day unpack a box of new book . a radio drone in the background . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ; strident ) this be L.A. 's all news , 24 - hour , around the clock coverage of the day 's local , national and international news , sport , finance and weather , bring to you by ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. eady have cross to the radio and now turn it off . CUT to : int . apartment - dominick - day roll on the white rug . widen . charlene hold out she finger and dominick grip it like a monkey and she pull he up . angle she cross and turn a the tv without volume . a newscaster appear . charlene turn she back on the tv . on all four , she advance on dominick . he shriek and laugh and crawl away . CUT to : int . bank - on STREET door - day Neil and Chris enter the street door . Chris linger by the guard . he read a rosicrucian handout . they smile at each other . Neil approach the window of teller JOHN fiske . on side door cerrito enter and hesitates to tie he shoe near Guard frank magid . neil in line , wait : a old lady finish and leave . JOHN ( to Neil ) hi! neil hi ! can I borrow you pen , John ? JOHN ( smile ) sure thing ! John reach into the side jacket pocket . neil pull he stock mask down over he face . he reach over the counter and grab smile John fiske 's lapel and yank he over the counter top and throw he across the floor . meanwhile : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . cerrito say , Frank ...? magid turn . cerrito sap he expertly on the right shoulder , paralyze he gun arm , spin he and swipe the sap across he neck . meanwhile : CHRIS have smashed Guard one in the stomach with the h &amp ; X - double he up . now he brace he against the wall , disarm and handcuffs he . he jerk on he stock mask . wide - the bank there be two female tellers and four customer . Neil move toward the bank officer at they desk , specifically , while bring up he h &amp ; k . neil ( very nicely ) lady and gentleman ! we be hold up this bank . ( continue ) we want to hurt nobody . you do exactly like we say and you come away okay . we be here for the bank 's money , not you money ... timmon with Neil approach , frantically stomp the alarm button under he desk . neil ... you people behind the window : the salaries this bank pay be not big enough to take risk for , so think of you take - home pay before you risk you life . face of teller and customer . scare , but Neil 's monologue hold they attention . throughout he 's approach timmon . neil ( to customer - like a commercial ) ... do not forget you money be insure by the Federal government . you be not go to lose a penny . relax and you will get through this okay . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . neil ( cont 'd ) ( nice ) any of the lady feel ill or anybody with heart trouble want to sit down , go right ahead . he smile . neil reach timmon . neil ( smile ) the key . timmon what key ? Neil slam a punch into timmon ' face in calculate contrast to he friendliness . it 's a object lesson to customer of the result of disobey . timmon flip backwards over he chair . neil haul he up , rip open he white shirt and pull the key a a lariat off he neck . neil do not touch you face . let it bleed . the white shirt be already splatter with blood . customer watch . they do not want this to happen to they . cerrito pull a straight razor and lean over Guard magid . he slit he pants leg and pocket open and extract the other key and it . pan 0n key through the air and be catch by chris. throw timmon ' key . pan it to Chris . CHRIS spin the ring handle for five second . the massive round vault door open . it reveal a second , rectangular door . cerrito handcuffs magid . handcuffs timmon to he chair . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101. int . vault Chris insert both key , turn they simultaneously and the second massive door open inward . low angle : steel inner sanctum Inside be the four- wheel cart and the two large canvas bag of money . widen to reveal Neil be there as well and open the hefty garbage bag while Chris whip out a exacto blade and slice the canvas bag open to check the content . the canvas bag disembowel , spill money . lot of it . Chris load both into two hefty bag Neil hold open . neil toss one on he shoulder like a sailor 's duffle bag , he machine - gun in front ... CUT to : ext . bank - wide from front - day cerrito exite the bank via the side door and now move quickly to camera up the side - he stock mask off - he h &amp ; k low , conceal . neil exit the bank through the front door to camera . the sidewalk be crowded with school kid now and housewive . no one pay attention as Neil toss the first bag to cerrito ... CUT to : int . hanna' car - hanna , schwartz + bosko - day racing in and out through the hawthorne boulevard traffic to get past car . drucker and casal follow in a second car . no siren . schwartz drive . the bank be see 200 yard ahead .. schwartz too many people . this be not how to handle it ( shout ) Vincent ! fuck this crew ! let them go ! close : hanna have to decide . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102. hanna' Pov : cerrito be dumped the first bag in the station wagon and Neil 's reenter the bank for the second bag . hanna as car pull in . hanna ( to bosko ) Left flanking fire . street . he make the decision . CUT to : ext . bank and station wagon - cerrito - day await bag number two . breedan - calm and alert - idle the engine in drive while brake with he leave foot . profile : neil come out with the second bag . Chris follow - backwards cover the interior . Neil avoid a lady push a supermarket shopping cart , look up and sees : neil be Pov : hanna + schwartz enter rapidly but surreptitiously 50 yard down the sidewalk . bosko 's move 90 degree to the right , crossing the street . there would be no , there be no , and there never be any , warning . Neil hanna and schwartz with 12 - gauge OPEN FIRE . World War III erupt . now we hear distant police siren . CHRIS be hit in the neck . neil be firing 3 - shot burst that blow up schwartz and a lamppost and hit a woman who fall over she shopping cart , shriek . hanna 's behind the lamppost . bosko across the street with he ar - 180 , open up on the station wagon which take hit . a black and white slide sideways and cop # 1 with a shotgun run across the street holler at kid who stop and stare and drop school book . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. cop # 1 Drop ! Drop down ! cerrito over the station wagon roof fire a burst at bosko , then swing onto cop # 1 and fire , kill he . cerrito jump into the wagon . the STREET - wide : a bus the driver panic and slam on he brake and he bus full of people stall in the combat zone between bosko and the wagon . bosko ( o.s. ) ( scream ) get the bus out of here .. neil shield by the green bag of money which have take hit , fire at hanna and back to Chris . hanna pull schwartz to cover . CHRIS daze - hold he bleed neck while Neil fire into the parking lot ... parking lot ... hit casal get out of he car . casal sit down as if stunne . man pull he car out of the lot duck behind the wheel and crash it into a park car . ext . bank - cerrito cerrito ( to Neil ) c'mon ! c'mon ! c'mon ! Neil can not rake it through the income FIRE from hanna and cop # 2 to the station wagon and cerrito and know it . neil ( to breedan and cerrito ) go !! go !! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104. on station wagon breedan floor it . hanna re-emerges , kneel and pump shot into the station wagon . bosko round the bus with the ar - 180 and open up station wagon draw everyone 's FIRE . breedan duck and pilot it through the gauntlet . neil have take off down the sidewalk , support Chris . tighten . he run in among crowd of civilian . he knock over a man , break through . people be scream , stare , shocked . int . station wagon - breedan get blown apart by hanna , bosko , and cop # 2 fall over the wheel and then be throw back . ext . STREET - station wagon tire be blown out . it spin across the street on steel rim and crash sideways into a park car on the east side of hawthorne . int . station wagon - cerrito shot three time , hold he abdomen and bail , return FIRE . breedan , like a rag doll be half over into the rear seat and still be hit by more round . we hold on David breedan . he 's dead . CUT to : ext . side STREET - cerrito east up a side street past people who stand on they lawn and stare - traumatize . wider bosko and cop # 3 chase cerrito . cerrito fire a long burst . they can not fire back because of the people . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . ext . safeway - tracking neil + CHRIS - day and the money - run , skip and dodging past all manner of pedestrian , newspaper coin box , fruit vendor and parking meter . people dodge , scream and fall down . it 's chaos . tracking hanna a half block behind , chase Neil - push through the same people . hanna ( shout at pedestrian ) get down ! get down ext . safeway parking lot - neil + CHRIS Neil - support Chris - throw a lady , who be get out , back into she old cutlass . he dump Chris and the money in the back seat and turn on hanna . neil extend the collapsible stock brace on the roof for accuracy and fire over the roof of other car and through people at hanna close in 5o yard away . CUT to : ext . safeway - hanna + civilian who panic . shoot . window explode . a lady hold she ear and shriek . a newspaper coin box shatter . a man 's bag of grocery explode milk and egg everywhere . he go down . hanna do not have a clear shot and drop , drag people down with he . neil behind the wheel - burn rubber pull out of the lot over curbstone and through a fence into the alley . ext . alley - wide suddenly Neil drive very normally and jerk the lady upright next to he like a wife . he drive away . hanna run to the alley - pull he radio : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106. hanna ( into radio ) this be hanna ! ( no response ; shake it ) come in ... no response . Dead battery . he throw the radio at the safeway wall : smash . and run up the alley . meanwhile : CUT to : ext . side STREET - wide - day cerrito run to camera through kid play in a front yard , look over he shoulder at drucker and bosko who can not fire because of the kid . cerrito up a girl out of the yard . cerrito ( nice ) c'mere , honey . she 's the same age as he own daughter . he hold she to he chest with one arm as a shield against drucker and bosko . he fire a wild three shot burst run up the sidewalk . meanwhile : ext . alley - hanna emerge , cut right . he bring up he 'mm . Smith and wesson . he slow . he stop . hear he breathing . widen and pan around . cerrito be run right at hanna and do not see he . over hanna' shoulder : cerrito be attention on drucker and bosko . cerrito fire . the little girl see hanna because he 's aim the 'mm . directly at she with both hand . she stare into he eye . cerrito turn , see hanna . he start swinging around the h &amp ; k on its shoulder strap .. hanna fire once . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . wide - cerrito be hit dead center in the forehead and topple backwards like a fell oak . the little girl fall half on and off he dead chest , scream . wide - hanna , drucker + bosko get to cerrito simultaneously . bosko pull the girl up and turn she away . bosko take the girl and fold she into he bear- like chest . he carry she off . he hold onto she and wrap he jacket around she . tear stream down he face . hanna stand there in the center of the mess : body , disabled vehicle , people , shouting , siren arrive , etc . CUT to : int . dr . bob' dog and cat hospital surgery - CHRIS - day be unconscious on the table . bob , a veterinarian of 55 in a white coat and bald head , work on he . dog bark o.s. from the kennel . a clamp clatter into the bowl . Chris moan in a dry rasp and convulse . Bob motion to Neil to hold Chris ' shoulder . neil hold Chris down . bob ( o.s. ) bottom tray . with one hand Neil give Bob a tray of syringe . wide - the surgery Bob 's back obscure a series of injection into Chris ' neck and shoulder . it 's a veterinarian surgery and the metal table Chris be a be for hold down dog . Long leather strap be not buckle . there 's picture of cocker spaniel on the wall . spend syringe clatter into pan . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. int . dr . bob' office - dr . bob - day wash he hand in the sink . Neil sit on he desk . a tv play news footage from Bosnia . doc blood loss and shock and he will have a lot of pain in the shoulder and back , but I will give you quarter - grain phial of morphine . subcutaneous injection . neil ( nod ) what 's the bottom line ? dr . bob miss the carotid artery by millimeter . there be mostly tissue damage . and the collar a bone 's smashed . can he rest awhile ? neil six , seven hour . what do I owe you ? News coverage switch to scene from the robbery with the commentator in a window . dr . bob it 's get to be twenty thou . neil what be this ? dr . bob you be number one with a bullet on the six o'clock news . it 's at least double the risk . so I be double my price . Neil open a shopping bag and stack packet of bill . News coverage switch to sport and weather . neil you be wrong . it 's four time the risk . ' Cause something happen to he , I be come back for you . and I be double the worst trouble you ever have . Bob look at Neil 's eye and believe it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . int . surgery - CHRIS - day on he stomach , breathe heavily . neil I will be back for you . CHRIS ( a little daze ; rasp ) charlene ? get she out ! neil first , I get to know if we escape route get ratted - out along with everything else . CHRIS ( rasp ) who ... neil who be not around towner . Chris hack , cough ; Neil help he spit into a steel pan . CUT to : ext . hawthorne - wide - sunset it 's the tape - off crime scene where Michael cerrito drop . News media be all over . spectator mill . emergency vehicle flasher spin . motorcycle cop re-route traffic . angle the batter mercury wagon be still in situ , be dust by two technician for print . we hear a car pull in o.s. and . elaine ( o.s. ) ( scream ; shouting ) get out of my way ! ( shriek ; sob ) Michael . Michael . Michael . Michael !!! elaine cerrito knock over a uniform cop and run down the sidewalk to the chalk outline of cerrito 's body on the cement and lawn . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110. closer another cop move to stop she . she dodge he . dishevel , scream , hysterical - she throw herself on the bloody ground Michael cerrito die upon and clutches at the outline draw of he body and blood stain as if it be he . news cameraman with light move in and tape she . a Police woman try to help Elaine up . Elaine bat she away . CUT to : ext . robert coffee shop - on lillian - night enter from the coffee shop and cross the street to camera . CUT to : int . polynesian bar , door lillian - night enter . a tv mount high in the corner broadcast the news with the SOUND off . a man in a motorcycle jacket play the pinball machine . it click , bell ring , light flash . lillian cross to the bar and lean over . lillian say , bartender ... ? bartender ring up a sale , change a $ 20 . bartender in a minute , lady . lillian wait . behind and above she the newscaster cut from last coast storm to coverage of the bank robbery aftermath : bullet hole in window , cerrito 's body , breedan 's body , etc . lillian see none of it . then : impatient : lillian ( shout to bartender ) you see that fella I pull out of here the other night ? Big fella with a beard ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. more robbery aftermath play across the screen . bartender at end of bar . finishes with the customer . on he way to lillian he turn up the tv volume . tv announcer ( v.o. ) ... dead be Michael T. cerrito , caucasian male and the driver , a unidentified black male in he early 30' , who die enroute to St. Vincent 's Hospital ... as the bartender reach she - widen to include lillian . she stare at the television - stunne - at see David 's face on the paramedic stretcher in a freeze frame . bartender ( to lillian ) what can I get you , mar 'am ? ( she say nothing ) Lady , you okay . she stare at the tv and hold onto the deep polished grain of the bar . CUT to : int . shiherlis apartment - wide - night charlene ignore dominick play at she foot as she watch the news coverage of the bank robbery with she hand over the mouth . charlene rise , pick up dominick , cross to the phone . she punch 11 digit . we hear the phone ring on the other end . marciano ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) yeah . charlene ( into phone ) Harry ? if you want I , come right down and get I and dominick out . marciano ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ; eager ) sugar . I will catch the 8 o'clock and rent a car . I will be there at you place in two hour . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. marciano ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) get pack . okay ? I will be right there . charlene hang up . the phone ring again . she do not answer . CUT to : int . town car - neil - night on the phone . no answer . he hang up . CUT to : int . marciano home - marciano - night widen to include Las Vegas uniform cop and a plainclothesman who 's rise put of he seat . a tape recorder 's attach to the telephone . plainclothesman let 's get you on that plane . CUT to : ext . towner' house - establishing - night the white frame house with one palm tree in front on the hilltop overlook downtown l.a . no light be on . it 's sinister . CUT to : int . towner live room - on window - night it 's gray muslin drape blow in to camera on the night wind . slowly we track left into the drapery and shadow . it 's eerie . suddenly a face be there . it 's Neil , flatten against the wall , he .45 in he hand . wide Neil flash he penlight around the room . nothing . int . towner bedroom - door it open silently . Neil 's cautious , sweeping he .45 into the corner , clear they . he look around . there 's a wallet with money and scattered clothes . it mean they have not split . int . towner kitchen - low Neil - cautiously - enter . nothing . o.s. we hear water running from another room . tighten . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113. Neil work he way to the SOUND . he cross to the bathroom off the kitchen . int . towner bathroom - on neil through the crack in the door . he start to push it open . something block it . the water sound be louder . Neil shine he light into camera . neil be Pov : wide - on the floor towner be near death , beat to a pulp . something or someone be in the shower stall . blood 's all over . another angle Neil use he penlight . he put a towel under towner 's head . towner 's face - against the white octagonal tile floor - be a mess . he open he eye . tilt up to Neil . neil who ? towner ( whisper ) make I ... Anna ...? Neil cross to the shower stall and look in . he come back to towner . neil ( grim ) she 's dead ... ( beat ) so 's cerrito and breedan ... the guy who stand in ... for you . ( beat ) who do this ...? towner ( whisper ) they have Anna . neil ( softly ) who ? towner waingro . neil waingro ? on he own ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114. towner ( whisper ) uh-uh . for someone . the other work for ... say ... cough and shake he head . he do not remember the name . Neil think . then : neil Van Zant ? towner nod he head . neil ( continue ) you sure ? towner ( nod ; whisper ) uh-huh . neil you say anything about we exit ? we out ? towner ( whisper ) ... do not remember . I ... neil C ' mon ! towner ( implore ; whisper ) Neil ... Neil ... I do not think so . Neil can not get a straight answer . neil ( low ) the house clean ? towner nod . neil ( continue ; rise ) I will call the medic . pan right with Neil . he turn off the water in the sink and leave . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 115. ext . public phone in gas station - neil - night the freeway 's nearby . traffic zoom past . it 's all concrete , public toilet , and green vapor light . neil ( quietly ; into phone ) ... nate . nate ( v.o. ) you on a cellular ? neil ( into phone ) no. nate ( V. 0 . ) ( phone filter ) a brick house on swallow drive in bel Air . neil ( quietly ; into phone ) next : waingro . okay ? nate ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) you get the time ...? neil ( into phone ) I will make time . ( beat ) I need a new " out " laid on . nate ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) do you know it 's blow ? neil ( into phone ) how can I trust it ? hang up . Neil drop another quarter and dial again . after a moment . eady ( V. 0 . ) ( phone filter ) hello ? neil ( into phone ) thing be screw up . you be not fly out after I . we go together . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 116. neil ( cont 'd ) you and I get to straighten something up first . I will be by later . eady ( V. 0 . ) ( phone filter ) what 's wrong ? Neil ? Neil hang up . CUT to : ext . van zant house , front door - wide - night Neil enter directly from the front door and ring the bell . it 's a $ 3,000,000 , 70 's modern . Neil put he finger over the peephole . after a few moment : CUT to : int . house - van zant - night can not see . tries light switch . nothing . he put he ear to the door to hear if someone 's there . vkn zant ( o.s. ) who be it ? no answer . ext . house - neil kick the door in . int . house - van zant go fly back . neil be four foot away . the big .45 Automatic be aim into the center of Van Zant 's chest . neil waingro . where be he ? van zant ( shout ) how the hell should I know ? Neil pull the trigger : two loud shot blow Van Zant back into he foyer . he slide 15 foot across the highly polished black and white tile floor . Neil walk away . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 117. ext . L.A. central market parking lot - wide - night porter wheel huge load of fruit and vegetable and side of beef . massive semi 's pull through the lot . neil ( o.s. ) how much ? nate $ 165,000 . neil ( o.s. ) that 's a rip-off . zoom onto car park side by side face opposite direction : Neil 's lincoln and nate 's cadillac . they talk car-to-car . nate you want a good getaway and you be hot with a big score in you pocket . you be a media event . what the fuck do you expect ? neil what do I get for that dollar ? nate you end up in Ireland with good papers and plastic . neil via what ? nate lear jet to Vancouver . then commercial to reykjavik ; then Dublin . neil reliable ? nate for that buck ? 100 per cent . I get the plastic on I . the passport will be on the plane . who 's the third ? neil a girl . with she own papers . ( take card ) what be this good for ? nate forty -five to sixty day . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 118. neil how soon ? nate twenty - four hour . neil make it twelve . nate you be go for a important ride . if they say twenty - four for it to be right , then it 's twenty - four ! neil you check all around ? nate all around . ( beat ) you and I go way back , kiddo , I buy you the best . Neil say nothing . then : neil where 's the pick-up ? nate Santa monica Airport . they be a legit operation . I will not have detail until tomorrow morning . he hand over a small briefcase . nate ( continue ) what be it ? neil kelso 's share . ten per cent . $ 400,000 . that 's less the 50 advance . the other bag be with cerrito . CUT to : int . lapd corridor - on hanna , drucker + farina - hand held they be move fast down the corridor . hanna be throw everything into motion . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 119 . hanna ( to farina ) you stick with the charlene shiherlis piece . farina marciano 's on a plane in here from , Las Vegas to pick she up . we get a house I set .. hanna maybe Chris or Neil will come for she . frankly , I doubt it . ( to drucker ; continue ) you work Neil 's transport from here on the phone . drucker mccauley 's gotta be go . he hadda have a getaway plan . hanna and now he 's gotta get a new one ! would you trust it after this afternoon ? ( beat ) someone , somewhere 's agent it for he . that 's a main track . we get shiherlis set up . that 's a main track . I want more . farina how much time we get ? hanna turn toward a door . hanna eight , ten , twelve hour . for he to set up a new out . after that ? he 's go . bam ! bye - bye . hanna exit through the door . CUT to : int . interrogation room - wide - night hanna and drucker enter . bosko 's there with harry dieter the burglary cop who give casal the tip on the bank job . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 120. hanna ( to bosko ; sarcastic ) he 's the burglary cop with the " terrific tip ? " bosko yeah . dieter who be you ? hanna hanna . where would it come from ? dieter ( defensive ) I get my informant . just like you get ... hanna kick a chair out of the way and bounce dieter up against the wall . bosko start to restrain he . hanna ( explode ) I get schwartz . Dead . casal get no liver . he 's die . do not come on to I with " confidential source " crap ! he slam dieter into the wall . dieter ( shout ) Hugh . Hugh benny . he give I tip ...! hanna 's go . bosko follow . CUT to : int . hugh benny's apartment - front door - night hold . then it explode off its top binge and hang disabled . hanna come through with the cut down sledge hammer . he 's back up by bosko and berryman - another middle - age heavyweight - with a regulation 12 - gauge . reverse - live room - hugh benny himself a heavyweight , race across the room for the rear . hanna tackle he . bosko haul Hugh up , kick , punch and bounce he off the wall . Hugh swing at bosko . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 121. bosko knock it aside , and spin he to hanna . hanna throw he into the bathroom . int . bathroom - benny crash in . hanna throw he through the shower door into the bath tub . Hugh 's cut . hanna ( shout ) who ratted - out mccauley ? c'mon ! who ? you ? CUT to : ext . marina del ray condo - night farina get out of a unmark car with charlene shiherlis and a sleep dominick and they cross into the building . it 's a rough cedar , two -story studio . a second car empty four cop - include cop $ 4 and cop # 5 - carry flack vest and m - 16' . as they confer about positioning ... CUT to : int . second floor apartment - charlene - fight enter and see marciano already there . surprise : charlene ( scream ) whose side be you on ? marciano I be on yours . charlene you slimy piece of shit . what a joke . marciano you tell I you want out from under ? you be scared to death of Neil . you want out ? this be out ! charlene what 's you end ? marciano you dump broad ! how would I get into this ? farina hey , hey ! go easy on the lady ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 122. marciano ( surprised ) huh ? farina you hear I . she have a rough ride . ( beat ) go mix she a drink . cabinet above the sink . marciano fuck she . farina get the fuck in there ! marciano do . charlene seem to soften and relax and take satisfaction at marciano 's put-down . farina ( continue ; soft ) he 's right . and you know it . you think you would be betray Chris ? charlene ( right to he face ) yes . farina well , you be right . you would be . but if you do not betray Chris , you betray dominick . because he become a orphan when you go to prison as a accessory ' cause you get no live parent to take he . then he end up state-raise and fuck for life . you son dominick 's innocent . he do not choose a life like that . Chris do . charlene rise and cross to a bedroom and look in the door - presumably at dominick . farina ( continue ) give up Chris . you get off clean . do it for you kid . charlene sit - shell - shocked - dress in black with white face and red lipstick . marciano re-enter with a drink for she . charlene look towards the bedroom contain dominick , then nod she head " yes . " farina dial a number . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 123. farina ( continue ; into cellular phone ) Vincent . it 's I . we be set here . she will make the call . charlene dial a number into the regular phone . then : charlene ( into phone ) I be go to give you a address of where I be stay . could you get it to Chris ? CUT to : int . hugh benny's apartment - hanna - fight hanna ( into phone ) okay . he hang up . redial drucker . in the b.g. Hugh benny be handcuff , soaking wet and half - conscious on the floor . berryman watch he . drucker ( o.s. ) M. c. U. hanna ( into phone ) it 's I . tracks back to this union guy , Van Zant . he have some beef with Neil . Neil already settle it . Van Zant get dead earlier tonight . ( pause ) now Hugh benny have reform he wayward life and become a bear - again good citizen . so , he 's reveal the key player be this cowboy waingro . use to be part of Neil 's crew . waingro commit a double murder today on towner , a driver , and he old lady . ( pause ) meanwhile waingro 's check into the Airport Hyatt House under " jamieson . " maybe Neil will make a move on he , but not likely . ( pause ) get the word to bailbondsmen , booky , snitch in County , etc. where waingro be . and get a team down there to set it up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 124. drucker ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) want I to do it ? hanna ( into phone ) no . you stay on who 's agent Neil 's getaway . what have you get ? drucker ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) nothing yet . hanna hang up . hanna ( to berryman ) he 's here . he 's still here . I can feel it . berryman for how long ? hanna eight , ten hour max . CUT to : int . eady's house - eady - night be in bed . now she answer the door . the bamboo shade be partly raise revealing the L.A. basin - the city of light . she wear a red and black japanese kimono . Neil mccauley enter . eady stare at he as he cross to the fridge and drink from a bottle of club soda . eady ( quietly ) what do you do ? ( be tv ) be that you ? neil it 's what I do not do . ( beat ) I do not sell swim pool . it would have be okay . you would have fly out after . you do not need to do a thing . now I be jamme . we get to go together . because we get drop in a place and then I decide : New Zealand or Brazil or tunisia , whatever . I can not leave a string back here to where I be . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 125. eady ( confuse ) what . he realize he 's way ahead of she . neil I rob and steal for a live . do you understand ? eady ( amaze ) you kill people ? neil if they get in the way . yes . it 's they problem . eady the woman on the grass ... where she husband get shot .. neil Elaine cerrito. ( pause ) Michael cerrito 's wife . Michael be my friend . he know the risk . he do not have to be there . he coulda be a ... be a mailman . ( he stop ) eady I do not believe it . neil believe it . she stare at he . neil ( continue ) eady . get pack . get dress . let 's go . eady run out the door . CUT to : ext . hillside - wide - night eady - in she black and red kimono - tear up the steep hillside of golden fountain grass to camera from she house on the side of the hill . we hear she breathing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 126. neil ( after she ) eady ! ! another angle she keep go . Neil catch she and she fall into the grass . close - two shot eady ( explosively hysterical ) why you do this to I ! what I do to you ?! neil shut up ! she do . she go totally blank . Neil pick she up . CUT to : int . eady's house - wide - day it 's morning . eady 's affect be flat , robotic . neil ( soft ) use this credit card . they say " Mr. and Mrs . " I reserve the car . buy I some clothes . here 's a list . I can not go home for my stuff . can you do it ? eady when 's it over ? neil twenty - two hour . then we fly out of here ... clean . he kiss she . she do not respond . she stare at he . eady I want you to let I go . when will you let I go ? neil you can go now . there 's the door , you want out ... eady no , I have to do what you say . but will you let I leave after ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 127. neil it will be different ... she start to leave . Neil stop she . she glance at he and leave . CUT to : int . car - hanna - day drive . it 's morning . he 's be up all night . int . hanna condo - hanna - day enter door . cooking sound . he stop . frozen . farina's Pov : a man on he sofa watch he tv . his name be ralph . justine ( o.s. ) ( ignorant of hanna 's presence ; to Ralph ) it 's ready ... justine enter , see hanna . justine ( cool ) oh. meet Vincent . ralph Excuse I . you do not tell I you be ... Ralph see hanna 's 2 " .38 in he waistband . ralph ( continue ) oh , my God ... hanna what 's you name ? ralph ( freeze ) I should .... Ralph ... I be ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 128. hanna 's reaction to Ralph be vacant of emotion . hanna I be Vincent hanna . justine do not you even get angry ? hanna ( to Justine ) I be angry . ( to Ralph ) Ralph , you can ball my wife . you can lounge around she $ 1.7 million condominium on she sofa . you can do all that thing . but you do not get to watch my fuck tv ...! hanna lift it off the table , spilling frame picture . a commercial segues to a quiz show . hanna ( continue ; to Justine ) I have never screw around . I have be true blue to you since the day we meet . justine it would have be preferable if you have ! you make I do this ! hanna right I have Ralph fuck you ' cause it make I feel so good . justine put down the television . you look ridiculous . ( he do not ) Dr. Prince say I be try to get you attention . Christ ! I have to pay someone to figure out my life with you . ralph maybe I should ... hanna shut up ! justine why 's it my job to figure it all out and explain it to you ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 129. hanna ' Cause you be the one who spend all the time on the couch . justine and what do you do ? hanna what do I do ? I speak the English language . word . sentence even . justine how admirable : proletarian candor . hanna thank you . justine except you do not say a damned thing . you neglect I . you do not call . I can worry about you or not . so I withdraw . you do not notice . you be walk through we life chloroformed , Vincent . wake up . it 's almost over . she unplug the tv . the image hanna 's hold die . hanna look at she and leave . CUT to : ext . dr . bob' dog and cat hospital , kennel - wide - day basset hound BAY . nate , Neil and Chris walk between the cage of park pet - all of whom make a racket . the talk loudly over it . Chris ' leave arm be in a canvas sling . his hair have be cut short . he look different . dog bark throughout . nate I get cerrito 's share deposit in the delaware trust for Elaine . she 's pretty bad ... ( pause ) passport . traveler 's check . plastic. ( hand they over ) hangar 17 . plane call letter be 1011 Sierra . touches down , hold for five minute and split . the plane will stand a faa check . file flight plan . the work . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 130 . nate ( cont 'd ) ( to Chris ) here 's the address charlene say she be at . but I do not have document for she . CHRIS I be not fly . I be drivin' . nate ( look at Neil ; to Chris ) fly . send for she later . ( to Neil ) can not you talk to he ? neil I be try . nate ( to Neil ) talk to you in three hour in case there 's change . nate leave . neil + CHRIS neil use the camaro . its clean and will stand a dmv check . registration in the glove box . CHRIS how you get around ? neil someone 's pick I up . CHRIS a girl on the side ? neil ( laugh ) see you , cowboy . CHRIS so long , brother . they embrace . Neil slap the side of he face slowly - and leave . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 131. int . mercede 560 sl , traveling - neil + eady - day eady ( drive ) clothes be in the trunk . neil any trouble ? eady no . when 's it over ? neil six hour . 8 p.m. she stop for a red light - a little sharply . neil ( continue ) I will buy you lunch . everything 's smooth . we be go to fly away ... Neil look for eady 's reaction : no response . CUT to : int . farina apartment - wide day farina be be up all night and look it . bag of take - out food and coffee container litter the table . dominick crawl over and up farina 's leg . charlene come over . farina pick dominick up and make a face and growl . dominick laugh . charlene smile and take he . phone ring . farina take it , listen . then : farina ( into phone ) not a thing . what about you ? CUT to : int . hanna office - wide - day hanna , drucker and bosko - more all - nighter with one day growth - pore through file and hang on phone . it 's frantic . hanna 's on with farina . hanna ( into phone ) someone 's agent Neil 's stuff ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 132. hanna ( cont 'd ) who ? the tooth Fairy ? talk to you later . hanna hang up . he think for a second . hanna ( continue ; suddenly to drucker ) ...how do charlene get the marina address pass to Chris ? they come up out of they chair and hanna 's punch number . he 's furious . hanna ( continue ; to drucker ) I do not believe I do not think of this . ( into phone ) farina ? CUT to : ext . san diego freeway , phone booth - neil - twilight Green vapor light have ignite on the freeway behind they . Neil drop the quarter and dial . eady sit in the mercede - wait . behind they stream of car and headlight pass by . we hear a phone ring . nate ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) yeah ? neil ( into phone ) hi ya . nate ( V. 0 . ) ( phone filter ) you okay ? neil ( into phone ) yeah , breedan 's end ? nate ( phone filter ) still can not find nobody . it 's in the delaware trust . you tell I later what to do . and about you ride . no change . right on schedule . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 133. neil ( into phone ) okay ... start to hang up ... nate ( V. 0 . ) ( phone filter ) by the by : I hear you pal be check into the Airport Hyatt under " jamieson " ... if you still care ... Neil do not answer . nate ( v.o. ) ( continue ; phone filter ) I figure you would not waste the time . in the background eady turn on the radio and watch Neil in the phone booth and rest she chin on she hand on the door . neil ( into phone ) you figure right . ( smile ) take it easy , old man . nate ( phone filter ; laugh ) you take it easy . be careful , huh ? Neil hang up and turn to eady . he stand there . he nod . neil ( to eady ) that be the last bridge . eady look away . neil get in and hug she desperately . it 's the most emotional we have ever see he . eady respond not at all . Neil let she loose . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 134. int . nate' storefront tax office - nate - dusk hang up - still smile . behind he - out the window - two car screech to a halt . hanna 's the first one out . bosko and drucker be in the second car . gun draw , they bust into the tax office . as they come through the door : CUT to : int . hanna' car , traveling wide on rear seat - night nate 's handcuff behind he back between hanna and bosko . hanna he blow out of here , you will do he time . I want ... nate ( shout back ) screw what you want . who the fuck be you ? hanna ( shout ) you worst nightmare . hard time , nate ! nate ( shout back ) I be not look at shit , and you know it ! so do not con I . bosko ( grab nate ; to hanna ) I will work he ... nate ( shout at bosko ) go ahead ! hanna ( to bosko ) do not touch he ! ( to nate ) accessory . armed robbery and murder one . deal steal merchandise and security . you agent for Neil . at least the armored car and bank . everything I tie he into , I tie you into . two cop dead . other body on the sidewalk . you understand that kind of heat ? you fuck get it ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 135. nate Neil who ...? CUT to : int . division , book room - tracking on - night hanna drag in nate follow by drucker and bosko . a book Officer 's in front of a cage . hanna throw nate at the cage . hanna ( shout to drucker ) Book he on accessory to armed robbery , murder one , a.d.w. , and traffick stolen merchandise . ( shout at nate ) the Nazi 's in quentin will turn you ass into a satchel . you be a old man . gimme Neil ! nate ( shout back ) what I will give you be so many false arrest lawsuit , you will not have time to write traffic ticket ! nate 's drag away . CUT to : int . hanna' office - hanna - night with drucker and bosko - enter and kick a chair out of the way . hanna get I farina . drucker punch in the number . drucker can we put nate away ? hanna with a staff of five or six marshal physical evidence for six month after two year ' worth of continuance ... maybe he will do 18 month . wo not fuck happen . ( to bosko ) check the bait . bosko waingro ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 136. hanna yeah . at the hotel . bosko start dial . drucker hand hanna the phone with farina on the other end . CUT to : ext . pacific palisade cliff - two shot - twilight the sun be set beyond Point dume . Neil and eady be at the edge of the sea cliff . he check he watch . he look cut at the sky . he wear clothes eady buy . Pov : santa monica BAY the swell rock a few small boat near the reef : pan right . the sun be go . the sky to the left the bulk of a 747 rise over the ocean slowly , as if gravity do not exist . neil look over there . eady watch scream gull swirl below against the water . neil ( talk to the back of she ) I do not even know how to think like this ... cause this have happen to I late in my life . but I get some expectation . for we . you can walk right now if you want . walk away . or you ... on you own ... you choose to come with I . I get enough in there to take care of we for forever . there 's no response . neil ( continue ) eady . she turn and look into he eye . he touch the side of she face . neil ( continue ) eady ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 137. she fold into he arm and they stand there against the darken sky and red cirrus . CUT to : ext . marina - wide on alley from roof - twilight Neil 's lincoln drive by Chris enter and park near six guy play shirt and skin under two spotlight . he wince from the pain . his arm be in the sling . he look at the piece of paper nate give he and look up toward camera at the address . he do not get out of the car . cop # 6 ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ; matter of fact ) richie . a possible move into the zone . cop # 5 ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) we get he . farina ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) I copy . pull back to reveal we be shoot from the roof of the apartment building down onto the alley and in the foreground , prone on the roof be cop # 5 in flack vest with a ar - 180 rifle with a nite-site scope aim at Chris . two building away be cop # 4 . CUT to : int . hanna' office - wide - night hanna 's on the phone . farina ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) get a live one . hanna ( into phone ) I will hold . CUT to : int . second floor apartment - farina - night widen to include charlene , two cop and marciano ( very nervous ) . farina fold away from the window and set down the phone - off the hook . - convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 138. farina ( to charlene ) c'mon , sugar : show yourself marciano ( to charlene ) do it ! farina ( to marciano ) shut up !! marciano fade back . charlene sit freeze to the spot . it 's as if the pressure have batter she into a stupefy tranquillity . farina ( continue ) one second at the window . then it 's all over ... charlene look at farina . she slowly cross to the window . marciano have fade to the back of the room . CUT to : ext . alley - CHRIS look up . CHRIS Pov : charlene look down at Chris - deep into he eye . she 's disturb . she 's unsure . then she decide . CHRIS look up into charlene 's open face from inside the lincoln . he start to get out . then he see ... charlene and we tilt down she body to she hand at she side . her hand subtly wave he away , gesture towards the roof . int . apartment - rear shot on charlene charlene ( irritate ) for Christ 's sake ... that 's not even he . that 's not Chris . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 139 . ext . alley - wide on CHRIS turn to basketball player . CHRIS ( loud ; tight ) any of you guy know anything for rent around here ? basketball player # 1 alberiz 's grocery on dell Avenue get card on the wall . he dribble and fake a hook shot and pass . Chris start to look down the alley . farina ( radio filter ) unit two . this be command . take he at the street . check he out . int . apartment - wide unit two ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) 10 - 4. charlene cross back to she chair . farina stare at she unsure . marciano re-enter and pace idly . marciano ( worried ) where the hell be he ? charlene ( taunt he ) maybe he 's not come . marciano ( explode ) you better hope he show ! or you be go to the can , you two dollar ... farina grab marciano , spin and slam he into the wall . farina ( shout at cop ) get he the hell out of here ! unit two ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) Command . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 140. farina ( into radio ) yeah ? unit two ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) this guy 's John pearson . valid i.d. car 's register to one bukowski . ran a make to dmv . it 's clean . so 's the car . farina ( into radio ) let he go . farina click off the radio and pick up the phone . farina ( continue ; to charlene ) want a cup of coffee while we wait , Mrs. shiherlis ? charlene ( sad smile ) that would be nice . farina dial . charlene close she eye . it 's like she see the gray institution of a woman 's prison . she shut she eye tighter to make the vision go away . tear start flow . CUT to : int . hanna' office - hanna - night farina ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) false alarm , Lieutenant . hanna hang up . he dial another number . it ring . CUT to : int . hyatt house lobby - desk clerk - night desk clerk / cop - in hotel blazer - answer the phone . hanna ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) what 's the score ? desk clerk / cop ( into phone ) on this waingro ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 141. desk clerk / cop ( cont 'd ) I just tell bosko . Zero . nothing 's happen . CUT to : int . hanna' office - hanna hang up . hanna you know what ? ( beat ) Neil 's go . bam ! flyin ' like ' a bird . bosko ( jump up ) c'mon ! how do you know ? we still get ... hanna what do we get ? ( as if to Neil ) bon voyage , motherfucker , you be good . ( low ) I be go to the hotel . I be gonna take a shower . I be gonna sleep for a month . CUT to : ext . police parking l0t - hanna - night get into he old with he tv set still on the front seat and pull out , lay rubber . CUT to : int . car - hanna - night stop sharply for a red light . the tv bounce against the dash . hanna look at it . it 's idiotic . he drop the car into park , open the passenger door . wider - hanna be foot come up . he brace he back against the driver 's door and kick the tv set out of the car . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 142. ext . STREET - the tv set smashes onto the pavement . passenger at a bus stop stare at hanna . the light change green . hanna pull away . CUT to : int . holiday inn : hanna' room wide - night it 's empty . out the window the mustard Hollywood glare stay low into the building . angle - a shadowy figure surreptitiously move through the room examine thing . it 's a woman and in rear shot she be naked . we hear a key in the lock . she turn : it be lauren . door open . hanna - disgust - tip off he clothes and throw they at the furniture . he turn on the shower and go in . he do not see lauren . int . shower - hanna under the water , half open he eye and just stand there . lauren' bare legs enter the bathroom and quietly slide the shower curtain . hanna do not hear she . hanna + lauren from the front . he 's oblivious . she 's behind he . angle she do two thing : she run she hand across he stomach and say : lauren ... daddy ? hanna , terror-stricken , swing around and lauren , scream , start assault he . wide they slip in the tub and crash onto the bottom . hanna can barely restrain lauren who have the strength of someone in a psychotic episode . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 143. ext . children' hospital - black and white - day code 3 , pull up and Justine run out and see : justine's Pov : hanna carrying lauren out of a police ambulance wrap in a towel like a baby . his face be scratch and bleed . she struggle , but bent double in he arm , she 's immobilize . attendant rush at they with a stretcher with restrain belt . hanna shoulder they aside and race into emergency . CUT to : int . emergency corridor - tracking hanna with lauren as justine - day catch up . hanna ( to lauren ) you be gonna be okay , baby . you mommy and I be here . everybody 's here . we be go to take care of you . we love you ... lauren relax in he arm , carry like a baby ; and tear stream down she face . justine one arm lock around hanna - try to see she daughter . then lauren go wild again and hanna tighten . orderly let I take she . hanna I get she . doctor watch she tongue ! hanna she 's not epileptic ! this be not a seizure . doctor ( to nurse ) 5 mge of thorazine . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 144. hospital waiting room - hanna + justine - later he arm around she . she lean back against he . hanna you okay , baby ? she shrug . then she move closer to he and be pull she into he shoulder . CUT to : int - mercede - neil + eady - night Neil drive . he 's pensive . he see the " Hyatt " sign . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) hey there , old aware one , and you , too , my fair one ... Neil kill the radio . eady what be it ? neil ( lie ) nothing . he turn the radio back on . radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) bring to you this fine day which be a-okay ! the mercede be in the leave . suddenly Neil pull across three lane and shoot up a offramp - fast . Neil check he watch . neil I get this errand to run that I forget . eady the airport be right there . be there time ? neil ( continue ) sure . it 's a thing I get to take care of ... be all . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 145. ext . hyatt house HOTEL - wide on front - night a lot of traffic and light . Neil drive the mercede past the front and turn leave at the corner into a dark side street on the side of the hotel . he park . neil ( get out ) leave it run . neil crossing the street in he dark suit towards the hotel 's side entrance . neil ... be right back , eady . he wave without look . eady ( worried ) Neil ...? some employee exit . CUT to : int . office - on painter - night two house painter and all they gear be in a empty office in front of a big picture window . out the picture window across the street be the Hyatt House . they be not painting . they be play gin on a cardboard box . maybe they be on they break . close on one painter he have a nite vision light accumulater scope and look across at the hotel . painter onex Pov : STREET + mercede with eady , exite employee and Neil slip in the side door . painter one pan he scope up the hotel . painter two what 's go on ? painter one nothing . he 's watch tv . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 146. painter onex Pov : room 1403 + waingro across the way . he watch tv with he foot up . painter be police - waingro 's surveillance team . painter two we go to finish this game or what ? CUT to : int . locker room - neil - night cross to a desk and red wall phone near some locker . the place be abandon . operator ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) Hyatt House . neil ( into phone ; familiar ) hi . it 's the kitchen again . a ... " jamieson " order a blt and they get he room number screw up . operator ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ) they be always do that . ( beat ) neil ( into phone ) thanks , love . Neil start ransack the locker . CUT to : ext . HOTEL - eady - night in the mercede . wait . she stare at something strange . widen : it 's she hand . it spasm . she grab onto the steering wheel to make it stop . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 147. HOTEL locker room - neil be find a Hyatt security uniform . he put on the short jacket and San Brown belt and hat . CUT to : int . hyatt house , lobby - service door : neil - night enter and cross to the elevator . he glance to he leave . neil be Pov : desk clerk talk on he police radio . tilt down . a 'mm . beretta be under the counter top . neil continue to the elevator . it say he know waingro be a trap . he know the lapd be here . he 's come for he anyway . CUT to : int . service elevator - neil be hand - night punch 14 . pan around to Neil . the elevator rise . he pull he .45 and check that there 's a round in the chamber . he slip it back into he waistband , cocked and lock . CUT to : int . HOTEL , 14 th floor elevator lobby - door - night slide open . Neil emerge . he do two thing . he wedge the ash tray to hold open the elevator door . then , he smashes the glass and set off the fire alarm . immediately a siren sound . the building 's elevator - except Neil 's descend . we hear : PA ( v.o. ) a fire have be report . please leave you room now . proceed down mark fire exit . use the staircase . do not use the elevator . this be not a drill . a fire ...etc . CUT to : convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 148. int . apartment - on painter - night painter one ( still look ) yeah . why not you call out for pizza ? sausage , pepper , onion ... ( suddenly ) hey . painter two ( ready ) what ? painter one that chick on the ninth floor get naked and she 's press herself against the glass again . painter two ( cross to window ) let I see . painter one look through the scope . he look down at the ninth floor and laugh . then he look away and see something else : painter two's Pov : room waingro go to a drawer , pull out a gun and start towards the door . painter two ( o.s. ) ( shout ) oh , boy ...! CUT to : int . hospital waiting room - hanna with justine operator ( v.o. ) ( PA system ) Lt. hanna . telephone . Lt. hanna . hanna cross to the nurse 's station . tighten . he answer : hanna ( into phone ) fuck mccauley . you handle it . call bosko and drucker in . get I at the hospital after . justine watch hanna , hear the conversation . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 149 . hanna rejoin she and take she hand . he look at she and then at the floor . he put a around she . justine ( really question ) ... will thing change between we ? hanna ( beat ) I do not know ... ( beat ) probably not ... ( beat ) ... but I be remind of how much I love you . but that may not be enough . justine ( kiss he ) you have to go to work , do not you ? hanna ( touch she face ) yeah . as he 's rise . justine be careful , Vincent . be very careful ... ( beat ) let 's keep on try ? hanna walk backwards , face she , nod " yes . " the last thing in the world he want to do be leave . then he turn and start run down the white marble corridor ... CUT to : int . 14 th floor corridor - neil - night in the hotel security uniform approach against the flow of people leave the floor . the emergency lighting be on and the PA fire alarm message still sound . Neil tap he flashlight on the door of 1404 , 1405 and 1406 as well as 1403 . waingro ( o.s. ) yeah ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 150. neil I be hotel security . we be evacuate the floor . waingro ( o.s. ) I can not leave . neil Sir , I be afraid you will have to . CUT to : int . room 1403 - waingro - night look through the peep hole . waingro' Pov : neil back and corridor a few patron exit past the uniform Neil . it look legitimate . CUT to : int . 14 th floor hallway - door to 1403 open silently , half - way . neil look inside . waingro 's obviously hide behind the door wide Neil kick the door and ... int . 1403 - door smashes into waingro . Neil hit the door again and it smashes into waingro a second time . neil reach around , grab waingro by the arm , dislocate he shoulder , break he collarbone and throw he across the room . waingro 's gun go fly . waingro on the sofa , see Neil mccauley . he feel he internal organ drop through the floor . he look away . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 151. low + wide neil I should have dumped you in that parking lot . look at I , you sick fuck . waingro will not look at Neil . neil ( continue ) gimme you eye . ' Cause you be gonna die . waingro , pathetically , obey and look up . Neil 's .45 explode twice . closer : neil now look out the window , search . neil be Pov : high rise across the STREET + " painter " two stare at Neil through the nite vision scope , disbely . Neil see " painter " one be shouting into he police radio ... int . 1403 - neil be surprised not at all . he expect the police . he turn away from the window , look once at waingro and leave the room . CUT to : int . mercede - eady - night twisted in she seat , try to see , frighten by the noise and siren . widen . a l.a.p.d. fire engine roar in . now a unmark car skid into the driveway . drucker , bosko and other spill out carry shotgun . a black and white park perpendicular to the traffic flow and halt car . she 's worried , confuse . CUT to : int . room 1403 - waingro - night dead in sit position on the sofa with he head back as if he fall asleep watch the football game . CUT to : int . hanna' unmarked car - hanna - night cruise scan the street . he 's aggressively search for something . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 152. hanna ( into radio ) casal come in . casal ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) Vincent . I be in the southeast stairwell . hanna ( into radio ) what 's the situation ? casal ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) Three team be move up the other three stairwell to the 14th floor . elevator be out of commission because of the fire alarm . surveillance say mccauley look right at them . do not seem surprised . hanna ( into radio ) it mean he know we be here and come anyway . casal ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ; continue ) I get two special weapon team deploy at the front and back exit . chopper . on they way . you want a command center in the ... hanna ( into radio ; interrupt ) yeah , yeah , that 's fine . stay on it . 10 - 4. for some reason hanna 's disinterested . he 's move down a different track . he 's cruise the street look for something else . hanna' Pov : side street adjoin the hotel be cluttere with emergency vehicle , car , pedestrian , on-looker , service people from adjoin building . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 153. hanna try to see through , past , around everything . we do not know what it be he 's look hanna' Pov : FIRE engine , ambulance , mercede , black and white ... then hanna 's p.o.v. pan left back to the mercede . the woman wait in the passenger seat . it be eady . she 's a block down . a woman wait ... in a car ... alone . closer : hanna it 's what he be look for . ext . STREET - wide hanna be out of the car in the jamme street , run towards eady and the mercede a block away . ext . HOTEL , side door - neil emerge and approach camera . in the foreground be eady in the mercede . closer : neil calm , assure , approach the car for the short drive to the airport . then , Neil sense and ... side angle : neil turn and look over he leave shoulder . neil be Pov : vincent hanna a half block away , run through vehicle and income on - looker right at he . neil mccauley stop . he turn to eady . eady look at he , quizzically . hanna run towards Neil and eady . eady climb out of the mercede , now , confuse ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 154. neil start to leave , move at a oblique angle . look at she ... leave she ... eady next to the mercede . shout at Neil . we can not hear what she say . siren and noise of a ambulance . hanna ambulance pull in front of he , block he . he 's around it , push a news crew out of the way , stop . mercede with eady in the street . alone . no Neil . hanna spin around , search . high + wide : hanna in the sea of people and vehicle , crossing drivewa ys and landscape . hanna - against the tide - move away from the crime scene and police barricade to neighbor building . frontal : hanna through the crowd , search . people push aside so he can see . then ... hanna Pov : through office build lobby to rear parking lot a figure be run between car . Beyond be the light of a l1011 ten foot off the ground about to touch down . CUT to : ext . runway apron - l1011 - night roaring through the frame . reveal Neil jump a fence and run across the grass between power unit and the rack of light strobing they arrow sequence at the head of the runway . Beyond be sepulveda boulevard and normal traffic . neil run towards we . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 155. ext . runway - l1011 it 's landing gear down , its light blast into the lens fill the frame as it descend to the runway . it wipe out the strobe rack in a chaotic blast of xenon . ext . runway apron - long shot : hanna run across the grass between the fence to the strobe light . closer : hanna among the structure housing the ballast for the light . the roar of a 757 's 95,000 lbs. of thrust beat a he . he spin to protect he face . his clothes and hair be whipped . as he run to we ... closer : hanna look up .. hanna Pov : up into light searching for neil . suddenly : neil ( slo mo ) be there . his .45 be up , center into hanna 's face . he 's eight foot away , frame against the glaring rack of strobe . neil hand ( slo mo ) squeezing the trigger , both eye over the front sight , move laterally on target through the liquid air and light ... neil be .45 ( slo mo ) as the trigger 's squeeze and the sear 's release and ... macro : the .45 's hammer ( slo mo ) fall . hanna ( slo mo ) come up with he 9o . he 's too late ... neil the hammer drop . nothing . his .45 misfire . hanna ( slo mo ) his 'mm . come up ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 156. neil hand ( slo mo ) swipe across the .45 's slide . macro : the breech of neil be .45 ( slo mo ) the misfire round , eject and spin away . the new round , move forward , the slide return to battery ... hanna fire three perfectly control , hammer - on shot . his front sight barely move . neil hit three time in the chest - be blow back into the rack of light . he lie still . hanna approach , slowly . his gun hand drop to he side . wide : neil + hanna Neil 's on the ground , he back against the rack . one arm be in he lap . the other be flung over the top bar of the strobe rack . Neil look at hanna and gesture with he hand . hanna take it . Neil hold on tight . neil last breath . neil ... not half bad . hanna ... pretty good you own self . then Neil 's eye dim . and he die . long rear shot : hanna + neil Neil 's head have fall onto he shoulder . hanna still grip he hand and look down the runway into the west at the line of blue runway light like river . the two of they stay there like that . the end