heavy metal - by Dan Goldberg & Len blum the heavy metal movie - final draft - screenplay by Dan Goldberg and Len blum July 18 , 1980 fade up on a wheatfield a beautiful field of wheat glisten in the morning sun . as the camera skim overtop , title start to roll . ahead of we a odd - look service van come into view , sputtering along a dirt road . get closer , we can see the driver , a thin , bookish man with a neat mustache . this be austin grimaldi . the truck pull up to a strange victorian house in the middle of the wheatfield . the house have several futuristic radar device on the roof that rotate constantly . austin get out , open the van 's rear door , and pull out two large metal box . CUT to the attic window the curtain part ever so slightly , and a pair of eye peer down . CUT back to the van austin shut the van 's rear door , and carry the two metal box into the house . the title stop roll as we ; CUT to inside the house austin be read a schematic diagram as he sit in front of the expose chassis of a complicated futuristic electronic contraption , twice he size . there be strange tool all over the floor . put down the diagram , he open one of the metal case and take out a sophisticated - look glass sphere with electronic receptacle mount in the side . he place this sphere in a space in the middle of the contraption , clamp it down , and plug some wire into the globe 's receptacle . then he open the second box . Inside be a glow green ball . use a pair of special tong , austin carefully lift the ball out , and insert it into a open at the base of the machine , in the back . as soon as the ball be inside , the machine hum to life . the glass sphere sparkles , and a holographic picture of a green planet in space appear inside it . austin ( look at the holograph ) hmmmm .... he take a strange tool , and move out of frame to make a adjustment underneath the machine . suddenly a wire come loose from the sphere and begin to spark . austin ( see spark ) uh - oh .... as the camera pull closer to the holograph screen , the green planet begin to silently shake . CUT to space with a explosion that rock the universe , a huge chunk rip out of the green planet and shoot off into space , leave thousand of glow particle in its wake . CUT back to austin not notice the silent image on the holograph , he quickly repair the sparkling connection and return to he other adjustment . CUT to a forest from the forest floor we see the green planetoid fly overhead , drop ball . we watch as it move away and disappear beyond a far-off mountain range . the forest rumble as the planetoid crash in the distance . the camera then pan over to a forest patch , where a beautiful girl approach , pick mushroom . CUT to a GREEN ball near her feet a ominous note be strike as the girl notice the glow ball , and be draw to it . pick the sphere up , she look at it . something inside she warn she of its danger , but , unable to resist , she put it in she basket and continue on . dissolve to the gate of kraan night fall over this futuristic chromoid city as the beautiful girl pass through the glass gate and head home . CUT to the girl bedroom the girl yawn and get into bed as the camera pan over to she basket in the corner . through its side , the green ball begin to glow brightly . get closer , we see a slimy silk - like webbing ooze out of the ball and move towards the sleep girl , pull the green ball behind it . the ball start to glow and pulse as the webbing begin to surround the girl , like a cocoon . slowly the camera pan up the wall , and move out through the window , and beyond the city gate , rise higher and higher . CUT to the outland Flying quickly overtop futuristic village , the camera head further and further out into the less civilized sector , where the rusting pipeline and crumble utility station of a past civilization have be overgrown by scrub-bush and weed . the camera zoom across this strange landscape toward the distant mountain where the huge planetoid fall . finally , from high above the foothills , we begin to come down . in the hill below we , hundred of blue humanoid barbarian be move along , mesmerize , toward a pulsing green glow high in the mountaintop . suddenly the mountain begin to rumble . CUT to the line of barbarian at the front of the line , the large barbarian - obviously they leader - stop and point . CUT to the mountain a strange , green , foamy liquid come pour down the mountain toward the barbarian . CUT to the line of barbarian the barbarian stand freeze as the foam wash over they and keep on go . one by one , they eye turn green and they start to change , become hairier , uglier , and stronger . as they transformation be complete , the barbarian gather behind they leader into a ever-grow mob of murderous look sub-human . dissolve to the gate of kraan a frighten kraanian councillor spur he horse forward through the beautiful glass gate , as in the distance we hear the sound of ten thousand approach footstep . the camera pan to a hillside overlook kraan . in the glow of sunset , the outline of the barbarian leader , riding a black war-horse , appear at the hillside and stop . then with a thunder of footstep , the outline of five thousand barbarian come into view behind he , fill the horizon . CUT to the barbarian leader he be now wear a strange medallion around he neck as , wild - eye , he scream to signal the attack . the bloodthirsty horde charge down the hill behind he . the camera move with the barbarian as they crash through the gate of the city , destroy everything in they path . smoke and flame be everywhere . ahead of we , terrify kraanian run from the onslaught . as we track up over the burn rooftop , we see the barbarian leader riding he war-horse in the street below . shout a command , he wave he man on as they move toward a impressive doom building in the middle of the city . CUT to the council chamber at the far end of this huge glass hall , the kraanian Council sit around a marble table . from outside , we hear the battle raging . pull closer we can hear the worried voice of the Council member . councilman # 3 they be kill everyone . we must escape ! councilman # 2 the city be burn ! councilman # 4 ( throw a parchment before the elder ) even the mountain glow green and a evil slime ooze down ! councilman # 1 elder , we must arm ourselves ! we must fight ! elder silence ! everyone get quiet . look at the parchment throw before he , the ancient , withere elder rise to he foot . elder we be not a race of warrior . we be statesman , and scientist . from we very beginning it be ordain that the warrior- race of taarak the defender would aid we in time of need . this be the pact ! councilman # 1 taarak the defender ? his race be dead ! they can not defend anyone ! councilman # 2 some say that the race be not dead - that one still life . councilman # 1 one ? what good be one ? elder one of taarak 's blood can do much . outside , the sound of battle grow louder . a boy appear at the doorway . boy elder ! they be at the wall ! councilman # 3 well who be this last defender ? how can he be summon ? elder it be taarna , of the blood of taarak the defender - the last of the race . and must be summon as my forefather summon taarak himself - from within ! councilman # 2 but will this defender answer ? elder a taarakian have no choice . they must answer . it be in they blood . the clatter of armour become audible . boy they be in the hall ! they be come !! elder ( calmly to the boy ) bar the door . ( to the councilman ) we will summon the defender together . the councilman nod . elder ( shutting eye ) taarna ... taarna ... as the councilman take up the chant ; CUT to the door as the boy begin to bar the door , it burst open , fling he aside . stand in the doorway , surround by he man , be the barbarian leader . with a laugh , he raise a medieval - look multiple cross - bow and fire a burst of arrow into the boy 's chest , as the craze troops rush in around he . the chant continue as we ; CUT to the outland we look down over this uncivilize wilderness with only decaye pipeline and the occasional jag rock structure break the barren uniformity of the land . as the Council 's distant chant fade out , all be quiet . suddenly from behind we , we hear the sound of flap wing and a huge rush of air . just above we head , taarna the defender come fly in , sit proudly in the saddle of a giant crimson bird . CUT to taarna' face she be beautiful , with dark eye and wild red hair blow behind she in the wind . below she , on the ground , she see a humanoid run in terror , chase by a ugly , four-legged mutant creature . spur she bird forward , taarna sweep down over the ugly beast and lassoe it . she then hoist the creature up into the air and , toss she end of the rope over a tall jag rock , she leave the snarling beast hang helplessly . Flying down to the grateful humanoid , she dismount . as she approach we see that he have a barbarian medallion on a chain around he neck . humanoid I owe you my life . let I repay you ... he take off he medallion and place it around she neck . suddenly he twist the chain tight in he hand , pull she towards he . his eye change to a bright green as he force she to the ground and start rip at she clothes . as he molest she , taarna be distract . she hear something - voice inside she , chant she name . quickly she grab the chain and rip it apart . then she powerfully smashes both she hand together around she attacker 's ear . as he hold he ringing ear , she get up , lift he above she head , and hurl he mercilessly to the ground . still hearing the chant , she jump on she bird , pull out a second rope , and lassoe the barbarian 's foot . she then lift he up and leave he hang from the tall , jag rock , next to the growl creature . as taarna fly off , the hang beast eye the barbarian hungrily . CUT to austin grimaldi he be still sit on the floor , work on he machine . as the camera pull closer , we see that austin be reach deep inside the machinework , try to solder a small orange diode in place with a odd - style solder iron . the connection break , and the diode and some hot solder fall deeper into the machine and start smoking and sputtering . as the smoke grow thicker , the machine start to buzz loudly . austin dammit ! austin pull he face out of the smoking chassis , grab a pair of needlenose plier , and reach back to retrieve the part . the camera follow austin be arm into the chassis , where smoke surround it and cloud over everything . the buzzing sound grow , and change into the sound of powerful , throbbing engine . slowly the smoke begin to clear as we hear a voice crackle over a radiophone . bombardier ( v.o . ) where the hell be we ? suddenly the smoke dissipate and a formation of B - 17 bomber come tear out into the moonlit night . CUT to the ground below the sound of jungle night creature fill the air . we see palm tree silhouett against the moon bright sky . the scene be almost serene . the camera pan and suddenly the nose of a large park bomber fill the screen , and as the camera continue pan , we pass a large red rise sun on the bomber 's fuselage . the pan stop at the tail of the aircraft , and we see a japanese soldier - a guard . there be a moment of tranquillity , as jungle sound fill the air . the soldier almost doze ... suddenly the cacophony of sound stop , and for a brief moment there be complete silence ... then with a agonizing wail a air raid siren shatter the silence and the guard look skyward , startle . instantly all hell break loose as we hear pound foot . silhouett figure rush by . CUT to a gun emplacement japanese soldier crank the barrel of a anti-aircraft gun skyward . we begin to hear the sound of approach engine . CUT to closeup of a shell it be thrust into a breech . CUT to the b-17 formation as the bomber press on , the camera move in to the lead aircraft . in the moonlight we see she name , " Pacific Pearl " . CUT to int . - the " pacific pearl " navigator we be there stepek , right on target ... rabual dead ahead ! suddenly a cacophony of explosion split the air as anti-aircraft shell explode ahead of the aircraft , lighting the inside with electric blue flash . bombardier gee ! thanks for tell I , Holden . I think it be Cleveland . CUT to the ground ackack gun blast shell skyward . the gun blast light up the palm tree background , cause momentary silhouettes . CUT to the bombardier bombardier for Christ sake , hold she steady ! CUT to the bellygunner he can be see from outside the plane as the shell flash light up he turret . bellygunner quit yer bitching stepek , just drop them and let 's get outta here ! CUT back to the bombardier bombardier keep you shirt on guy , tonight I be gonna hit something . ( he settles over the bomb sight ) Left two degree ... steady ... steady ... CUT to the bellygunner the flak be severe , with electric blue flash lighting up the fuselage interior . bellygunner hey kid , how ya do back there ? CUT to the tailgunner tailgunner momentarily light with a shell burst , he 's scared shitless . he look nervously back behind the aircraft at the flak puff behind the tail . tailgunner gulp , ah ... I be ah ... okay ... I think . pilot ( v.o. ) button it up , we be almost there . CUT to the bombardier he be crouch over he bomb-sight , concentrate . navigator ( v.o. ) c'mon stepek , there 's the whole island of rabaul down there , you can not miss ! bombardier screw you ... CUT to the pilot' compartment suddenly a shell explode almost on the windshield and the pilot rear back with the blast . the right windshield be shattered . pilot we take a hit ... the co-pilot sag forward , hold back only by he shoulder strap . his eye stare . blood run from under he helmet . we know he be dead . pilot shit. elkhorn just buy it . bellygunner ( v.o. ) we take one back here too . c'mon stepek , blast them ! CUT to the bombardier bombardier ( hand on the release button ) steady ... steady ... bomb away ! let 's get the hell outta here ! CUT to the ground we hear the shriek of descend bomb . the explosion walk across the airfield , and in the light of the explosion we see devastation . the last bomb hit a fuel dump , cause a enormous ball of fire . bombardier ( v.o. ) Yahoo ! bullseye ! CUT back to the pacific pearl pilot ( exhilated ) Nice shoot stepek , how be the rest of you guy ? flight engineer ( v.o. ) Flight engineer okay . radio operator ( v.o. ) Radio okay . navigator ( v.o. ) Navigator check . bellygunner ( v.o. ) belly okay . tailgunner ( v.o. ) ah ... tail okay ... there be abrupt silence . pilot bellson ... Lewis ? still silence , no reply from either name . pilot kid , check the waist position , see if they be okay . CUT to the tailgunner tailgunner yeah ... will do , skipper . tailgunner cross himself , then exit back into the body of the machine . CUT to the pilot pilot ( wearily ) let 's go home . we hear jumble comment from all position . everyone be happy . crew ( v.o. ) cheer and whoops . the mood of high spirit be stop abruptly as the tailgunner report back . tailgunner ( v.o. ) skipper , bellson and Lewis be both dead . this be the first time the kid 's voice be not scared , just puzzle . pilot dammit ! bombardier ( v.o. ) well kid , now you get a real bombing mission under you belt . CUT to the bombardier he remove he oxygen mask and take a long swig from a bottle . CUT to ext . - the " pacific pearl " she rejoin the rest of the group . the formation be not quite as tight as before . as the formation fly along , puff of cloud pass by , occasionally obscure a machine . CUT to low view of the " pacific pearl " under the " Pacific Pearl 's " belly , we see the bellygunner suspend in he small glass pod . a red glow brighten up as he drag on a cigar . the rest of the formation be visible stretch to the side and behind as puff of cloud waft past . we begin to feel as if the weather might be change . CUT to the nose of the " pacific pearl " the bombardier be relax inside as he swig from the bottle and sing raucously . from the front we look in on the pilot with the dead co-pilot sagging in he seat next to he . bellygunner ( v.o. ) sorry about elkhorn , skip . what happen ? pilot I dunno . the shell explode and he collapse . I think he take it in the head . bellygunner ( v.o. ) be ya sure he 's dead , skipper ? pilot he 's dead . bombardier ( sing drunkenly ) oh I put my finger in a woodpecker 's hole and the woodpecker say God bless my soul ; take it out , take it out , take it out , remove it ... tailgunner ( bolder ) hey stepek , just shut up , okay ? bombardier up yours kid , wassa matter , you do not like my voice ? while all this banter have be go on the cloud have be thicken . suddenly a serious voice cut in on the small talk . it 's the navigator . navigator ( v.o. ) something 's wrong ! CUT to the navigator he be frantically tapping the compass . pilot ( v.o. ) you get a problem , Holden ? bombardier ( v.o. ) naw , the kid 's the one with the problem . he do not like my voice ! pilot ( v.o. ) button it up stepek . what 's the problem , Holden ? navigator I must have a malfunction , my compass say we be head north ! CUT to pilot he look at he compass . pilot mine say east . navigator ( v.o. ) hey , can you guy see the rest of the squadron ? bellygunner ( v.o. ) negative , there 's too much cloud . a sudden flash of lightning illuminate the whole inside of the plane . CUT to the cockpit the dead co-pilot 's pale face be momentarily electric blue , light by the lightning flash . we pan past he to the compass in the instrument panel . it be spin madly . pilot what the hell ... he reach forward to tap the compass . pilot hey Holden , now my compass have go crazy . it 's spin like a son of a bitch ! navigator ( v.o. ) mine too , we must have hit a magnetic field or something !! CUT to outside the plane we see a dull glow come from all crew position from the on-board light . suddenly a curtain of rain lash the machine . pilot ( v.o. ) Christ , now they be all do it !! CUT to the instrument panel all the dial be go haywire . above the instrument panel we see the windshield be spatter with rain . bombardier ( v.o. ) you guy quit talk business ? I be try to sing here ! oh I put my finger in a woodpecker 's ... pilot ( irritably ) can it stepek , we get real problem . just then through the rain , a strange green glow be see in the distance . it begin to curve toward the aircraft . CUT to outside the plane - near belly turret the turret swing as the gunner spot the glow . bellygunner Jesus ! look at that !! from under the starboard wing , we see the object approach . pilot ( v.o. ) look at what ... look at what !!? bellygunner it 's out there , just look at it ... pilot ( v.o. ) for Christ sake , give we a position ! bellygunner it 's about four o'clock , just below ... Holy shit , it 's come right at we ! the glow suddenly zoom at the plane with great speed and hit the starboard inner engine . CUT to pilot' Pov he have to push the dead co- pilot back to peer out the break starboard window ... the number three prop be bent and windmill wildly . it have a strange green luminescence about it ... the whole machine shake . pilot damn . the pilot try to fly the plane and do the co-pilot 's job of feathering the bad engine . suddenly it 's too late as the prop wobble loose and cartwheel over the wing . CUT to outside the plane the prop fly back and slice a great gash in the aircraft 's skin , near the tailgunner be position . CUT to the pilot pilot we lose the goddamn prop ... do it do any damage ? kid , check the tail . silence . pilot come in kid ... kid be you okay ? silence . pilot Travis ; go check the back . bellygunner ( v.o. ) will do , skipper . CUT to inside hatch travis ' turret open and travis pull himself up into the fuselage . CUT to the pilot the gauge be now settle except for the oil pressure to no. 2 engine . the pressure drop . the engine heat gauge climb rapidly . a red warning light begin to flash . pilot ( to himself ) goddamn it , now what ? he glance out of he window just in time to see a strange , claw - like feeler come out of the engine case . it detach one of the cool gill , then another , and another . they blow away in the slipstream . pilot gremlin ! ( rub he eye ) Jesus , I must be get tired . CUT to the bellygunner he look in to the kid 's reargun compartment . all that be leave of he be a tatter skeleton . travis turn , horror freeze on he face . Quick as a flash , from seemingly nowhere , something fly at he and grab he throat . the mask on he face fall off , and we get a split second look of abject horror as he fall out of frame . pilot ( v.o. ) Travis , what 's goin ' on back there ? CUT to travis his eye be open but he be obviously dead . through he helmet headphone , we hear he name . CUT to the pilot pilot Holden , how far to base ? navigator ( v.o. ) skip , with everything screw up here , I would , I would guess about two hundred mile . all the time the engine pop and bang wildly . pilot for Christ 's sake , find we a place I can put she down ! CUT to the navigator navigator it 's all ocean down there , skip ! CUT to the pilot pilot mack , can you get we a radio fix ? CUT to the radio operator radio operator negative skip , too much interference . CUT to the pilot he be fight the control . pilot shit ! I have gotta put she down ! CUT to the bombardier bombardier hey Holden ... ya old stuff shirt ... ya wanna snort ? pilot ( v.o. ) for God sake stepek , shut up ! stepek take another swig from he bottle . he be lie on he back partly propped up by the curving nose of the aircraft . he be about to make another smart ass reply , when he hear a strange scratch and chirp noise above he head . he look up in time to see sharp tooth and claw start to appear through the lining above he head . he blink in disbelief and throw he bottle away as if the image come from the whiskey . bombardier oh my God , there 's ... there 's ... ahh ... keep away ... keep away ... ( struggle ) ... hey no ... hey somebody ... ( scream ) navigator ( v.o. ) stepek , you stupid sonovabitch , will you lay off the booze , you have get the d.t. 's ... stepek be wide - eye and scared silly as the sound now begin under he foot and pincer begin to snip through the floor . he suddenly realize that the whole floor be give way beneath he , and he grab for a handful of cable as the floor collapse . CUT to outside the aircraft the lower half of stepek be hang in the slipstream , kick madly . we see that he leg be cover in wriggle creature . CUT back to stepek he be lose he grip with one hand , but still desperately cling on to a bunch of cable with the other . suddenly a ugly pincer cut the cable and stepek be go ... out into the night . CUT to the plane suddenly the no. 2 engine begin to backfire , blast back large gob of orange flame . the oil , heat and manifold gauge be off the dial and red light frantically flash . desperately the pilot look out of the window . piece begin fly off the engine . the cowling disintegrate revealing the bare engine beneath . small figure be frantically busy rip the engine to piece . CUT to the pilot he be scared . pilot Holden , for God 's sake get up here on the double . navigator ( v.o. ) what 's the problem , skip ? pilot just get up here ! the navigator grimace as he push past the dead co-pilot . navigator what be it , skip ? ( look out window ) jesus H. christ ! pilot hold them off . I be take she down . he peer out at the incredible sight of the creature rip off the wing skin and tear huge plate from the cowling . the camera pan down to he foot as the hatch door handle twist and then burst open . a dozen bat-like creature swarm in . the navigator panic and reach up , grab the flare gun from its rack . he scream as the creature attack and shoot right through the creature , bathing the aircraft with a bright ruby glow . navigator ( struggle ) okay you little bastard ... shit ... ( scream ) CUT to the radio operator the flare shoot down the fuselage and smashes into he . wreathed in flame , he fall back into the fuselage . CUT to outside the aircraft creature swarm all over the plane . the ball turret fall off . a wheel suddenly lower , then fall off . a flap flutter free and blow away . oil stream back into the slipstream and section of the skin of the plane come away , revealing the skeleton framework of the fuselage . CUT to the pilot he be fight the control . creature be now in the cockpit , pluck out the instrument . the pilot reach to the throttle only to grab a creature that lock on to he glove hand . Flying the plane with he good hand , he strike and pummel at the attack creature with the other . CUT to outside the aircraft it be now almost a fly skeleton . for the first time , we see that it be head for a island . a figure detach itself from the machine and plummet away . CUT to the pilot he fall , terror-stricken , through space . finally he chute open . a slimy creature still cling to he glove hand . he rip off the glove and throw it and the creature away . pilot ( struggle ) Jesus H. Christ ! CUT to the island the approach smoking plane belly onto the sea , bounce , then skim along the wave top , careen up onto the beach , where it twist around crazily before come to a lopsided stop . the machine face we head - on and we see a glow come from what 's leave of no. 3 engine . the camera zoom in rapidly to a green ball stick in engine no. 3. CUT to the pilot he have land , and be undoing he parachute harness . he look around incredulously . the island be a junkyard - a veritable graveyard of aircraft . there be many aircraft , both old wreck and futuristic-looking one lie everywhere . skeletal corpse be still leave in some of the wreck . the camera pan to the remain of one machine . it be a old american lockheed electra . it glint dull in the half light of dawn . paint on its side be two name ; " Amelia earhart " and " Fred noonan " . the camera continue to move through this panorama of metallic junk until it stop on a long chrome rod stick up out of a pile of scrap . tilting up to the sky we see the cloud part as two gargantuan metal arm emerge and descend down toward the junkpile . the metal arm reach the chrome rod , grip it tightly , and begin to lift it up . wwe follow as the cylinder be pull higher and higher , finally come to a stop in front of a giant eyeball . the camera pull back to reveal that the eyeball belong to austin grimaldi , who carefully scrutinize the orange diode hold tightly in he needlenose plier . austin get it . satisfied that this be the piece he have lose in the machine , he begin to re-solder it in place . behind he , a little girl with red hair come into the room and walk up to he . little girl it 's break again , be not it daddy ? austin ( concentrate ) yes dear . but daddy 's fix it . ( hum ) little girl ( watch ) how come it 's always break ? austin I do not know , sweetheart . mmmmhmm . little girl when it 's fix , will you make more funny picture for I ? austin honey , why do not you go play with you toy and let daddy finish he work , okay ? mmmm ... little girl okay . the little girl wander around to the other side of the machine , as austin flip a switch . once again the glass sphere sparkles and the holographic screen light up . austin use a tool to fine - tune the holograph and a image begin to materialize ; the glass gate of kraan . as the image become clearer , the camera pull closer and closer to the holograph screen . CUT to the gate of kraan the Council 's voice still ringing in she head , taarna fly in over the demolish gate . below she , the once- beautiful city lie in ruin . gliding overtop the desert street , she see a column of smoke rise through the wreck dome of the building in the town 's center . as she watch the smoke rise , she pull hard on the rein , and head she bird up . the camera follow as she ride in through the shattered dome down to the Council Chambers below . corpse of the councilman be strewn everywhere . in the center of the room , a large pile of ancient book and manuscript lie smoulder . reaching the floor , taarna dismount and start to look around . at the head of the marble table sit the elder - dead . in front of he , a roll of parchment lie on the table . taarna open it . carefully paint on the parchment be a circle of mountain , they top glow green . taarna look at it , and put it in she sack . then she notice that the elder be clutching something in he hand . prying he stiff finger apart , she find a blood-stain medallion just like the one she attacker wear on he chain . look at the dead elder , taarna grip the medallion tightly in she hand . CUT to outside the council build taarna fly back out through the shattered dome and survey the city below . all be quiet and dark , except for a green glow come from a second - floor window . curious , she fly over , pull up beside the window , and climb in . CUT to girl bedroom enter , taarna see the slimy silk - like cocoon on the bed . the basket of fruit still sit on the floor . from within the webbing , the green ball be glow brightly . taarna look at the parchment in she sack , then at the glow come from the cocoon . cautiously , she approach the cocoon , sword draw . suddenly a hand from within the cocoon grab the ball and shoot forward , rip through the webbing and hold the ball up to taarna 's face . the hand belong to a hideously ugly witch , who emerge from the cocoon , cackle through snake- like fang . witch behold ! the sphere of uluhtec ! look upon it , taarna . look upon it with fear . for in its glow lie the end of heaven - the beginning of hell . take it taarna . feel death in you hand . for death be upon you . and as you perish ... so die you race ! the witch 's eye go green . witch ( scream ) take it !! she hurl tha ball at taarna , who dodge it . the ball sail past she , out the window . then taarna , sword raise , leap at the witch , slice through she in rapid stroke . the witch cackle and crumble into dust , but she green eye stay suspend in the air , and she cackle echoe through the room . taarna back away , climb out the window , onto she bird . as she fly off , she see the witch be green ball high above she , rise into the cloud and disappear . CUT to space the witch be green ball zoom through space , as Earth appear in the distance . then another object come into sight . get closer we see that be be a modern winge rocketplane of no determinable nationality , soar high above Earth . the green meteorite pass , briefly bathing the rocketplane in its glow . the rocketplane bank sharply , then stabilize . slowly the hatch - door in its belly open up , revealing the underside of a automobile suspend in the open hatch . hydraulic metal arm emerge , lowering the automobile out from the belly of the cruise rocketplane . we can see now that the car be a white , ' 59 corvette convertible . with a " thunk " , the metal arm release the car , and as the rocketplane blast away , the corvette begin its free-fall to Earth . as the car fall gracefully through space , the driver play with the wheel , cause the corvette to bank smoothly one way , then the other . once he direction be stable , the driver click on the car radio and adjust it through various channel , until he settles on one . with the music play , the car fall closer and closer to Earth , enter and emerge from the cloud cover over the atmosphere . in the heat of entry the vehicle 's paint start burn up . as he head down over a desert area , the driver begin he approach . touch down at breakneck speed , the smoking corvette bounce violently , every part strain at the repeat impact . the driver 's face be expressionless as he jam the car into high gear and floor it , spin the wheel in a attempt to translate downward momentum into forward motion . then he pop he drag chute to help slow down . tthis accomplish , the expressionless driver release the chute , and speed off down the road in a cloud of dust . CUT to ext . the pentagon - aerial shot from high above the building we see a crowd of reporter and t.v. newsmen wait on the front step . the ' 59 corvette pull up at the curb below , and see it , the reporter all start to run over . the camera zoom down and into the car . Inside , the driver reach over , unplug a rubber hose , and loosen the two large hex - nut which connect he to the car . as he get out , the reporter come run up . female reporter ( to driver ) Doctor anrak , six more mutant be sighted in Arizona this morning . do you still say this have nothing to do with the green radiation from space . the driver walk on without speak . t.v. newsman ( walk alongside ) Doctor , be it true that the President himself pull you off the Jupiter six Project so that you could investigate that mutation ? Doctor , answer I that . he ignore the question , and walk past the guard into the Pentagon . CUT to int . pentagon - meeting room around a large table sit the Joint Chiefs of staff , member of the cabinet , and a pretty secretary wear a tight skirt . a argument be in progress as the expressionless doctor anrak enter . the camera follow he as he sit down next to one of the Generals . fat politician ... well what I wanna know be , what 's the Army do about this ? Hell ! my constiuent be turn green ! they be grow arm on they back . there 's something or someone up there in space and the voter have a right to know about it ! general Senator , we have no proof that this mutation be the result of interference from outer space . in fact , Doctor anrak have just come in , so let 's hear what he have to say ... Doctor ? the room go silent as the doctor stand up . doctor first of all , there be no cause for alarm . as for the theory of interference by alien being , it be my firm opinion that we on Earth be the only intelligent , technically advanced civilization present in the universe . CUT to outside the pentagon a enormous round spaceship the size of pittsburg hover overhead . CUT back to the meeting room doctor ... and whatever be cause this mutation be not from outer space . it 's more likely just a isolate biological pheno ... pheno ... ph ... ph ... ph ... suddenly the doctor be head start to jerk from side to side . everyone look on , not know how to react . as the doctor begin to move in short burst , like a break robot , he fix he gaze upon the pretty secretary across the table . CUT to outside the pentagon from the bottom of the huge spacecraft , a metal tube emerge and start to drill through the roof of the Pentagon . CUT back to the meeting room the doctor start to shake violently as he stare at the pretty secretary . doctor pretty ... pretty ... p ... p ... suddenly he lunge at she , slide across the table . as the doctor struggle with the terrify girl , the camera pan up to the ceiling , where the metal tube from the spaceship drill through . descend upon they , it suck they up instantly . doctor aaarrgghh ! secretary eeeeeek ! CUT to inside the spacecraft - control room a metallic robot hold a clipboard , be stand in front of a large glass receive jar , as doctor anrak come through the tube and land in the jar . as soon as the doctor be foot hit the bottom of the jar , the doctor break into a lot of small metallic part . robot ( mechanical voice ) oh , nice job . how be I suppose to fix this guy ? he 's fuck . zeke and edsel , two alien space - pilot , be stand nearby , at the control console . they look like big furry orange head on stilt , with arm come out of the sider . zeke ( to edsel ) I guess we turn it up a little too high . edsel ( to robot ) sorry , man . robot you be sorry ? what about I ? I have gotta put this asshole back together . suddenly the pretty secretary come through the tube and land in the jar . she 's a little muss up , but okay . gloria ( gasp ) where be I ? robot ( stare ) hey , who 's the chick ? gloria well look at my clothes ! who 's gonna pay for the dry clean ? and where be I ? I demand that you return I to my office immediately . robot too late - molecular instability zone around spacecraft . you cannot leave . gloria ( to Zeke ) what ?! be he kid ? zeke uh ... he look at the robot , who wink at he . zeke ... oh yeah . instability zone . you be stick here . zeke and edsel try to keep straight face . gloria ( stunne ) but I have to be at my parent for dinner tonight . and my gynecologist appointment be on Wednesday . robot not anymore . would you , ah , like a drink ? ( lead she away ) you will feel better after a glass of fresh blo-aak . they disappear down a corridor . gloria ( v.o. ) do you have any diet soda ? CUT to control console edsel ( to Zeke ) ah , typical robot . the first Earth - chick we see in ten year , and he 's gotta make a play for she . edsel jam the gearshift into ' D ' for drive , and the ship lift away from Earth . zeke hey , do we have any of that plutonian nyborg leave ? edsel uh , yeah . just one bag . uh , it 's in the transmitter compartment . zeke uh , thanks man . zeke open a hatch and pull out a double -spout plastic bag on wheel the size of a steamer - trunk . it be full of white powder . he pour two fifteen - foot line of powder onto the floor . then , he pause . zeke ( surveying the line ) oh great . think this be enough ? edsel ( think ) uhh ... nah . go for break . zeke good think , man . as he resume pour , zeke begin sing to himself in a alien tongue . when the line be pour , they both stand at the start of the trail of white powder , and part they hair to reveal nostril hide in they forehead . zeke & edsel nose dive ! they both start to criss -cross the room , inhale the white powder like vaccuum cleaner . as they happily snort the nyborg , the camera pan back to the glass receive jar , and move down through the break piece of doctor anrak . reaching he lifeless face , the camera move around to the back of the head . through the shattered metal we can see a green ball , glow inside anrak be skullpiece . dissolve to space - zeke and edsel be p.o.v. as the round spaceship move through space , a group of asteroid approach and whip past . up ahead , a red sun turn white and go super - nova . edsel ( v.o. ) oh , wow ... good nyborg ! CUT to inside the spacecraft - robot' bedroom gloria pearlman and the robot be lie in bed , naked . they have just finish make love . she be smoking a cigarette . gloria ( glaze ) that be incredible . I have never feel anything like it . robot oh great . I have be program to be fully proficient in sexual activity . do you want to go steady ? gloria gee , I do not know . I already have a boyfriend . robot ah , what he do not know will not hurt he . CUT to control console zeke and edsel be sit at the control , stare wide - eye out into space . they be obviously stone . suddenly a bell ring and the communicator screen light up . a serious officer 's face appear on it . officer on screen mothership call starcruiser Alpha ... mothership call starcruiser Alpha ... zeke look over at the screen and then shout into it . zeke whaddyawant , man ? officer on screen mothership call starcruiser Alpha ... edsel ( to Zeke ) you gotta use the microphone . zeke oh yeah . ( shout into microphone ) whaddyawant man ? officer now listen , idiot . do I have to tell you eight hundred time ? you do not call I " man " ! you call I " com - op Officer blix " . now be that perfectly clear ? zeke ( into mike ) yeah , sure . whaddyawant , man ? officer ( disgruntled ) you be to return immediately to the mother ship and pick up a humanoid civilian . you order be to escort he to the interplanetary tribunal courtroom so that he can testify at the trial of lincoln sternn . and make it snappy ! the screen go blank . edsel wow ! they finally get sternn . zeke it 's about time . hang on , man . here we go . zeke jam the gearshift into hyper-drive . CUT to space the round spaceship blast forward at ten time the speed of light . dissolve to space - later zeke and edsel be round spacecraft look like a apple head toward a freight train as it approach the enormous mother -ship . CUT to inside spacecraft - control console a ashtray full of roach sit on the console . zeke be at the control with a joint in he mouth . he be sway back and forth , eye glaze . beside he , edsel watch the mothership get closer . edsel ( to Zeke ) you okay to land this thing ? zeke no problem , man . CUT to mothership landing area huge red arrow point the way through the ten-mile wide landing area as the round spaceship glide in . edsel ( v.o. ) I think you be goin ' a little high , man . zeke ( v.o. ) it 's okay , man . if there 's one thing I know , it 's how to drive when I be stone . it 's like , you know you perspective 's fuck , so you just gotta let you hand work the control as if you be straight . the round ship ram directly into a wall , and crash down , skid to a stop in front of the load bay . edsel ( v.o. ) oh , wow , good landing , man . zeke ( v.o. ) thanks . CUT to inside spacecraft - entrance hatch zeke and edsel press a button to open the hatch door . as the door open we see two metallic regolian guard wait on the other side . between they stand a small , shabbily - dress humanoid with a crooked jaw and cauliflower ear . this be hanover fiste . regolian guard ( to Zeke and edsel ) this man be to be deliver to the , clik , interplanetary tribunal , courtroom # 3 , clik , galaxy versus lincoln sternn . thenk yew . clik . the guard wheel away . fiste ( meekly ) ah , hello . CUT to corridor in spaceship zeke and edsel escort fiste down the corridor . edsel ( to fiste ) umm , you be gonna testify at sternn 's trial ? fiste nod . zeke they gotta give he at least , like , life . fiste lincoln sternn be a kind and honourable man . ( camera pull close to fiste 's face ) he will be freed . CUT to space - later as the round spaceship journey through space it pass through a fantastic space - scape of disembody rock statue , and past a magnificent graffiti-cover robot chain to a asteroid . edsel ( v.o. ) y'know , I wish they would clean this place up , man . zeke ( v.o. ) yeah . it 's like pig city out here . edsel ( v.o. ) yeah . CUT to robot' bedroom gloria be get dress as the robot re-charge he energy - pak . robot ... but I do not understand . we laugh together . we care for each other . we have highly proficient sex . why can not we get marry ? gloria look , we be different , okay ? let 's leave it at that . CUT to control room the hatch open , and gloria and the robot walk through , still talk . gloria ... but mix marriage just do not work . what if you get tired of I and run off with a vibrator or something ? as they move through the room , and out the other side , they pass fiste , who be sit quietly near the receive jar , hand fold . look around , fiste notice a green glow come from the bottom of the jar . he get up , quietly open the jar , and poke through the scrap robot part . find the small green ball in anrak be head , he pull it out and look at it . CUT to control console zeke and edsel be sit at the control , drive carefully . fiste , carry the green ball , come up and sit down beside they . zeke there it be , man . I be gonna hang a louie here . edsel ( to fiste ) yeah , well it will not be long now . be you sure you be gonna testify for sternn . fiste say nothing . he just clutches the green ball and stare into space . zeke and edsel look at each other and shrug . CUT to outside the spaceship a enormous , brightly - light , multi-level space station / courthouse float into view , completely fill the screen . zeke and edsel be round spaceship be just a speck as it enter the frame , approach the mammoth structure . CUT to space -station landing dock the ship lock into the dock , and the exit hatch open . gloria and the robot come through first , ahead of zeke , edsel , and fiste . gloria ... alright , alright . I will marry you - but on one condition ... I want a jewish wedding . robot a jewish wedding !?!!! but this be space . 95 % of the population be robot . gloria well , find I a robot-rabbi ! robot okay , okay ! edsel I give they six month , man . zeke he do not even look jewish ! gloria and the robot disappear around a corner as zeke and edsel escort fiste through the hatch . fiste be carry the small green ball . as they lead fiste away , the camera pull back , out through a space - port , and move along the outside of the slowly rotate space-station . at the top , the camera zoom down through a massive glass - dome ceiling and into a huge inter - galactic courtroom . voice echo below we . prosecutor be you Captain lincoln f. sternn ? sternn I be . as we move down , we see square - jaw captain sternn , he shifty - eye lawyer , and the cold prosecutor all stand before the judge . sternn be smirk confidently as the prosecutor read from a long page of charge . prosecutor lincoln sternn - you stand here accuse of twelve count of murder in the first degree ... fourteen count of armed theft of federation property ... CUT to the gallery the hostile humanoid and alien face all stare at sternn with hateful , accuse eye . prosecutor ( v.o. ) ... twenty - two count of piracy in high space ... eighteen count of fraud ... CUT to sternn' lawyer mopping he brow , he look nervously over to sternn . prosecutor ( v.o. ) ... thirty - seven count of rape , and one move violation . how do you plead ? CUT to captain sternn smiling to himself , he nod , then get serious . sternn not guilty ! lawyer ( whisper to sternn ) not guilty ?!? be you nut ?!? sternn ( whisper to lawyer ) it 's okay , Charlie . I get a angle . judge ( to prosecutor ) call the first witness ! sternn and he lawyer move to they seat . lawyer ( to sternn ) but the prosecutor 's gotcha cold ! yer as guilty as a cat in a goldfish bowl . CUT to the courtroom door zeke and edsel enter with fiste , and push they way to the front . prosecutor the prosecution call hanover fiste . guard # 1 Calling hanover fiste ! guard # 2 Calling hanover fiste ! guard # 3 Calling hanover fiste ! guard # 4 hanover fiste ! zeke and edsel sit down , while hanover fiste , small and shabby , walk up to the witness stand , nervously clutching the small green ball in he hand . as he pass , sternn and he lawyer continue to argue . lawyer ( plead ) lissen sternn ... change the plea to guilty . throw yerself on the mercy of the court . sternn I tell you , Charlie . I get a angle . hanover fiste be swear in , as sternn 's lawyer beg . lawyer but the most we can hope for be to get ya bury in secrecy so yer grave do not get violate ! plead guilty ! sternn shut up , Charlie . I get a angle . lawyer what angle ? sternn ( point to fiste ) him ! CUT to witness stand prosecutor State you name for the record . fiste ( fidget nervously with the green ball ) I be hanover fiste . CUT to sternn sternn ( winking to lawyer ) I promise he thirty - five thousand zulek to testify on my behalf . CUT back to witness stand prosecutor you know the defendant , ( point ) Captain sternn ? fiste yes , I know Captain sternn . and never do there live a kinder , more generous man . he be a overflow cup , fill with the very cream of human goodness ... CUT to sternn and he lawyer sternn ( to lawyer ) see ? CUT back to witness stand fiste ... in all the time I have know he , he 's never do anything immoral ... ( think ) unless maybe the pre-schooler 's prostitute ring ... CUT to sternn and he lawyer they look at each other , shocked . sternn & lawyer huh ?!? CUT back to witness stand fiste ( speak gently ) ... and he 's ah , never do anything illegal ... ( turn sharply ) ... unless you count all the time he sell dope disguise as a nun !! ( reverting to meekness ) he 's always be a good , law - abide citizen ... ( shouting at himself ) awww , gimme a break !! ( gentle again ) ... of the federation , and , and ... ( go schizo ) shut up! shut up! shut up ! ( gentle , but start to sweat ) ... a community - concious individual , ah , ah ... ( rise in craze anger ) sternn !!! ( point as he scream ) he 's nothin ' but a low - down , double - dealin ' , back -stabbin ' , larcenous , pervert worm !! sternn and he lawyer look on , horrify , as fiste' body start to grow . fiste hangin 's too good for he !! New muscle tear through fiste' shabby clothes . fiste burnin 's too good for he !! grow larger , he start foam at the mouth . sternn hanover ... fiste he should be tear into little bitsy piece and bury alive !!! fiste ram he hand down onto the Witness stand , shatter it completely . sternn hanover ... fiste I will kill he ! he hurl the prosecutor aside , and move towards sternn with thunder footstep . fiste kii - illl !!! still grow , he rip apart the judge 's bench as he pass it . finally he stand tower in rage over the terrify sternn . sternn ( to fiste ) h-h-hey , hanover ... n- now take it easy , hanover , I be sure we can talk this ov ... instinctively , sternn leap back as fiste' giant hand come smash down in the spot where sternn stand . the gallery scatter scream as sternn run for the door . slaver , fiste thunder after he . sternn run through the exit , bolt the door behind he . fiste follow , tear the door apart , and bring the entire courtroom wall down in the process . CUT to sternn running down a hallway , sternn pass a group of regolian cop , who raise they weapon in a attempt to block the rampaging fiste . regolian # 1 halt , clik , in the name of the federation , clik . where be you corridor pass ? ( to other regolian ) unco-operative humanoid , clik , blast he . they open fire , but fiste be unstoppable . still grow , he grab the regolian 's weapon , crunch they up and eat they . regolian # 1 you be now in violation of code 103 - N - 17 , clik , paragraph a - 64 ... unauthorize consumption of federation property . please come quietly , clik , ... thenk yew . with a single clap of he enormous hand , fiste crush the regolian 's metal skull together into a accordian the thickness of a dime . CUT to sternn he race through a metallic hallway , and duck into a boiler room , then down a long dark tunnel . at the end of the tunnel , sternn come to a dead - end , and stop to rest . sternn oh , this look good . fiste ( growl ) sternn oh , duck under here ... fiste I will get you !! sternn I think I will turn here ! ( run , gasp ) come on foot , do not fail I now ! fiste sternn !!! sternn uh oh ... ( run ) ah , gasp , ah whew , lose he ! fiste sternn !! sternn okay , hanover , you have have this come ! take a deep breath , sternn reach into he pocket , pull out a wad of bill , and count they out as he hand they to fiste . sternn let 's see , thirty - three , thirty - four , thirty - five thousand zulek . thanks hanover . fiste ( take money ) s'nothin , boss . count he money , fiste start shrink back to he normal size . sternn and hanover ... fiste yes ? sternn Goodbye . sternn pull a lever , which open up the floor below fiste , who scream , fall out into space . as fiste slide out , sternn grab the money from fiste be hand and smile . CUT to the outland all be quiet across this vast expanse of rusted pipe and barren desert . the silence be break by a whistling sound which get louder and louder . then , thud ! a green ball land in the dirt in front of we . flutter down around it be hanover fiste' tatter clothes . then the burnt ash of hanover 's body land in a small pile beside he clothes . pan up we see taarna fly on she bird in the distance . CUT to taarna she swoops down and fly through a maze of rusting pipe and cable which look like the ramnant of a ancient power station . then she steer she bird through a hide open in the rotting floor , and enter a magnificent secret hideaway cut deep into the rock . CUT to inside taarna' hideaway landing she bird on a circular slab of gleam marble , taarna dismount and walk over to a shimmer pool . here she disrobe , and pick up a small gold pitcher , she pour a ancient oil over herself . it shine and sparkles as it touch she skin . then she step into the water , where she body seem to sparkle even brighter . finish she sacred bath , she step out and walk to a stone wall . when she touch it , a rock panel slide away to reveal a gold chest . taarna open it . Inside the chest lie a glisten set of armoure garment , so bright that taarna must shield she eye for a moment . then , as she look down at the armour , the voice of taarak the defender come into she head . taarak ( v.o. ) to defend - this be the pact . but when life lose its value , and it take for nought , then the pact be ... to avenge !! through a series of dissolves we see taarna be hand sensuously fitting the various metallic piece over she firm body . finally we pull back to see she fully . stand before we , glisten in the torch - light , she look magnificent . reaching once more into the chest , taarna pull out a golden sword . as she hold it , it seem to vibrate , almost buzzing in she hand . suddenly she swing it , slice cleanly through one of the stone torch on the rock wall . as the burn torch fall to the ground , taarna leave . CUT to the sky from over we head , taarna come soar past , she armour gleam in the ray of the set sun . below she , she see a metallic holiday - town fill with barbarian soldier . drunken blue man fight in the street , strange animal run around loose , and dead or drunken body lie in the gutter . look down , amidst the melee , she see three winge creature tie up in front of a bar . the camera zoom in on one of the creature 's saddlebags . it have a silver medallion set into the leather , identical to the one which taarna pried from the elder 's finger . CUT to inside the barroom barbarian honky - tonk music fill the crowded room , as various barbarian soldier sit drink and fondle the bar-girl who be dress in cheap , flashy metal outfit . Three of the blue barbarian be particularly drunk and rowdy as they push a non-barbarian down , dump a drink on he head , laugh and kick he . CUT to the barroom door taarna walk in through the swinging silver and plexiglass door , past the three soldier kick they victim . she sit down at the bar . the three brutish blue soldier finish stomping the man and walk over to the bar , crowd close around taarna . barbarian # 1 hey , look . a new one . ( to taarna ) where you from , baby ? taarna ignore he . barbarian # 2 do not talk much , do she ? barbarian # 3 she do not have to talk for what I want to do with she . CUT to taarna' hand it slowly move down to she sword , and unclip the safety strap . CUT back to the barbarian barbarian # 3 ( run he hand across she breastplate ) c'mon baby , let 's see what 's under there . barbarian # 1 ( start to undo she breastplate ) yeah , let 's have a look . taarna slowly stand up , push they hand away , and take a step back . barbarian # 2 heey , she 's tough . barbarian # 3 maybe she want to fight ? they all laugh . barbarian # 1 ... or maybe she want to take we all on ? still laugh , they move towards she . in a blind flash , taarna draw she golden sword , and wield it like a samurai master , slice off all three of they head . in a instant , the sword be back in its sheath . the barbarian 's head stop laugh as they fall to the ground . the music stop , and everyone in the bar stare at taarna . stepping over the body , taarna walk up to the bartender , pull out the parchment picture of the glow mountain , and show it to he . the bartender look at it carefully , then point out the window . bartender Beyond the oasis . taarna nod and leave . CUT back to the bartender his eye start to turn green . the camera get closer and closer to he glow eye , until the green glow turn into the image of a ball , lie in the ground , in austin be holograph . CUT to austin austin be crouch over the machine turn several knob , try to make the ball move . nothing happen . austin ( to himself ) hmmm ... must be jamme . frustrate , austin pick up a flashlight , open up a compartment underneath the control knob , and take a look inside . while austin fiddle inside the machine , we see two hand appear on the holograph screen and pick up the green ball . austin look over to the holograph and notice . austin where would it go ? CUT to the hand as the hand cradle the green ball , the camera pull back to reveal a skinny , unco-ordinated boy wear thick eyeglass , carry the sphere across he backyard . this be dan . dan ( v.o. ) it all start when I find the green meteorite . I read in farraday 's " life of the planet " that smaller one like this be suppose to burn up when they enter the atmosphere , but for some reason this one do not ... dan carry the ball into a typical small - town house . dissolve to t.v. antenna on roof - stormy night as the narration continue , we follow two red wire down from the t.v. antenna , along the roof , and into dan be attic window . the wire run through a bucket of water and be hook up to some electronic part on dan be desk . dan ( v.o. ) ... so I bring it up to my room , stick it in my rock collection and forget about it . I be experiment with natural electricity ... the camera pan around the room to show various display of dan be scientific tinkering - blue-ribbon science project , transparent model of a man and a woman show all internal organ , and many book . in the corner , the green ball sit in dan be rock collection . at he desk , dan impatiently shuffles through the dusty page of a old scientific journal . dan ( v.o. ) ... and with the storm warning up , I figure maybe tonight I would hit the jackpot . all I need be a little juice . he look out the window at the gather storm . CUT to the STORM crackle from the sky , a bolt of lightning strike the television antenna and surge along the wire into the attic . CUT to dan' attic room the lightning flash into dan be apparatus , lighting it up brightly . dan it work ! suddenly , a electric arc jump from the bucket of water and cross the room to join with thw ball on he shelf . caught in the middle , dan begin to glow green . dan ( look at he green arm ) oh Jesus ! the electrical field open up a shimmer gateway into another universe and dan de-materialize . CUT to the transformation we float in darkness for a moment as black shapeless image zoom past . dan ( v.o. ) I feel like I be nothing - just atom float in the darkness ... then , tiny beam of light join to form a glow in the corner of the screen . the glow get brighter and start move slowly around the screen . now , we can make out some of the image whipping past - a half - form hand , page of a book , a crumble pyramid , a green ball . dan ( v.o. ) then , a body start to re-form around I . only it be not my body - this one have muscle . sturdy muscular part begin to materialize around the move light . they join up with each other to form a powerfully build human figure . finally a man 's face take shape , and as it form , eveything get brighter and clearer . dan ( v.o. ) it be a great body , but I be not too crazy about the face . the powerful figure , den , turn slowly as he float and begin to look at he hand and arm . move he mouth , he speak in a new voice - deep and powerful . den ( feel head ) hmmm ... no hair . suddenly , the background explode into field of radiant colour as the body accelerate away from we and pass through a second shimmer gateway . CUT to the neverwhere pyramid den , strong , masculine and hairless , materialize cradle in the hand of a huge stone idol . he be naked and unconscious above he , the glow green ball be hold in the idol 's other hand . the camera pull back to show that the idol be stand on the deck , stop a huge , truncate pyramid . the deck form a walkway around a swirl pool of green water . kneel all around the seethe pool , be lizard - man , wear priest 's robe . two of they stand beside a glass coffin . Inside the coffin , lie a naked girl , bound and gag . priest ( chant softly ) uluhtec , ulutec ... directly in fron of the idol , a regal - look queen , wear a revealing velvet cloak , be praying to the raging water . queen by the power of the glow loc - nar place in you idol 's hand , I demand you come forth , uluhtec ! the water of the sacrifical pool rage more violently and a low rumble be hear far below . CUT to the idol be hand the green ball , ( loc - nar ) , glow brightly as den open he eye , look down and notice he enormous genitals . den hmmm ... big ! see a animal - skin hang from the idol , he rip off a piece and wrap it around himself . dan ( v.o. ) there be no way I be gonna walk around this place with my dork hangin ' out ! suitably cover , he survey the ritual take place below he . dan ( v.o. ) wow ! this look like something right out of the ten commandment . CUT to edge of raging pool the queen be kneel before the seethe water . queen grant I you strength in return for a live mortal sacrifice ! it have be ordain . come forth uluhtec ! I demand it ! two lizard priest remove the terrify girl from the glass case and hold she out over the swirl water . the queen nod and the two priest drop she in . CUT to the idol's water see the girl struggle in the water , den be eye grow wide . dan ( v.o. ) what would they do that for ? he stand and dive into the raging pool , swim powerfully towards the drown girl . CUT to under water reaching she , den grab the girl 's bound ankle , hook they over he head and drag she through a decaye hole in the underwater wall . Inside a stone tunnel , they be sweep along by the current . dan ( v.o. ) normally , I would be dead by now . I keep think I be go to run out of air , but my new body work great . I just hope she body be work as good as mine . CUT to ext . field of lile - day den and the girl be wash out into a pond at the center of a beautiful field of lily . he pull she out of the water , unconscious . as he unty she , she begin to stir . girl thank you . she take den be hand and lie back in the flower , she beautiful breast expose in the sunlight . dan ( v.o. ) she have the most beautiful eye . I want to make some conversation but I find my new self ask the same old stupid question . den be you from around here ? girl well , you may not believe this , but I be from another world - from a place call Earth . den Earth ? I too be from Earth . how do you get here ? girl my name be Katherine Wells , and I be from the british colony of Gibraltar . time make no diff - erence here , but there it be the summer of 1892 . it be evening - I would go for a walk on the cliff when suddenly a sphere fall from the sky . follow its glow , I come to a shine gate make out of light . unable to resist , I step through it and awoke in this world . there I be thin and weakly , fit only to stay indoors . ( she stand up ) but here , somehow I be stronger , more alive , ( she stretch seductively ) ... more fully a woman . dan ( v.o. ) you be not kid . den ( stand ) I , too seem better equip on this world . ( he hold out he arm ) my arm be more powerful . ( strecthes he finger ) even my finger seem to hold great strength . katherine walk up close to den , take he hand and touch the finger to she breast . katherine you save my life . I have no reward to give you , but if any part of I please you sense - I would give it willingly . she circle she nipple with he baby finger . dan ( v.o. ) wow ! this be great ! there be no way I would get a chick like this back on Earth . I mean , look at she !! take katherine in he arm , den lay she down on a bed of flower and begin to tenderly make love to she . dan ( v.o. ) there be only one problem ... a spike boot appear in the frame . the camera pan up to show a large , ugly hairy beast - man stand over den and katherine . the camera then pull back to reveal the entwine couple , completely surround by a horde of grim , bestial warrior . dan ( v.o. I do not know who this jerk be , but they sure pick a bad time to show up ... the ugly beast- man grab den and katherine as we ; dissolve to ard' throne room the beast - Captain keep he machine gun train on den as the soldier lead he into the cavernous room . dan ( v.o. ) they split we up and take I to this weird castle - type place . I want to find out where they would take Katherine , but none of this guy seem to speak English . in the middle of the room there be a round stone pedestal with a throne carve into it . on the throne sit ARD , a child - like ruler with a sadistic glint in he eye . ARD they tell I you be de of Earth , the one who dare to steal the female sacrifice from the Queen . dan ( v.o. ) this guy be a shrimp so I figure I would play it tough . den where be the girl ? ARD I be ard - supreme leader of the revolution and the next ruler of the world . den ( tougher ) the girl !! ARD well , be not we fierce ? if you be truly as tough as you seem , then you will serve I well . but first , a test . Guards ! castrate he ! dan ( v.o. ) uh oh . two bestial guard approach from behind , brandish curve short -sword . den turn instinctively , dodge the first thrust and deliver a bone-shatter elbow to the beast 's head , crush he skull . spin with he own momentum , den throw a rock-hard fist into the second guard 's chest , snap he rib-cage and send he fly across the room . without pause , the bald muscleman grab the nearby beast - Captain and lift he into the air by he machine - gun . the Captain hang on as den twist the gun , butt it into the creature 's groin and then drive the weapon through the Captain 's jaw . the creature crumple , leave den with the gun . dan ( v.o. ) Boy ! I be pretty good at this stuff . ARD excellent . you be worthy to serve I . den ( aim machine - gun at he ) give I the girl or die . ARD ( take it lightly ) well , if I have a choice , I will take death . den so be it . den fire , spraying a row of bullet across ARD be body . the bullet blast big yellow hole in ARD be chest , but there be no blood . ARD look up and laugh . ARD ha ha ha ! you will have to do better than that . as den look on , ARD be wound miraculously close up and heal themselves over . dan ( v.o. ) I could see why they make this guy they leader . ARD ( stand up ) ... but if you be really interested in the girl ; I have have she encase in glass . ARD pull the velvet cover off of a glass box to reveal katherine , unconscious , seal inside . den she 's dead . ARD actually no . she 's sleep , but only I can awaken she . den what do you want of I ? ARD I want you to steal the sacred loc-nar . den what be this loc-nar ? ARD the Queen 's glow sphere , you fool . the sacrifice to uluhtec can only be perform by the possessor of the sacret loc-nar . ( call out ) norl ! norl , a huge gorilla -man , in a purple cloak , step forward . ARD ( to de ) this be norl , my bravest warrior . you will go with he to the Queen 's castle and steal the loc -nar . then I will give you the girl . den and if I refuse ? ARD if you refuse , you die , she die , everybody die . dan ( v.o. ) sounded reasonable to I . den look down at katherine be motionless body . dissolve to river bank near the queen' castle in the moonlight , den and norl lead a squad of beast - warrior , armed with automatic weapon , along the river towards the Queen 's castle . norl ( to de ) ssh. Guard post ahead . we must go underground . norl lift a rock to reveal a underground passageway . dan ( v.o. ) this guy norl seem to know what he be do . and , for a gorilla , he English be not half bad . den and the warrior enter the underground passage . CUT to underground tunnel the group , carry torch , move along the dark tunnel . they pass a bubble - window with shark - face eel swim on the other side . norl ( to de ) we be underneath the castle moat . den nod . a ugly growl echoe through the tunnel up ahead . the warrior freeze and murmur to each other in they own language . den ( to norl ) what be they say ? norl they talk of the savage beast who prowl this catacomb with a fierce hunger and sharp tooth ... ( gesture ) six inch long . a dog-face warrior shake he head and say something to norl . norl sorry ... ( indicate ) ... sixteen inch long . suddenly , a savage beast appear and chomp he long , razor - sharp tooth into one of the warrior at the end of the line . den , norl , and the remain warrior run on through the tunnel as , behind they , the monster pull he victim apart . CUT to doorway in catacomb den , norl , and the remain warrior arrive at a door in the rock wall . norl ( to de ) now we separate . you and korg take this door into the Queen 's quarter . the rest of we will move through the wall and enter she chamber from the other side . whoever get the loc - nar first will return it to ard. good luck , den. den nod , put out he torch and carefully open the door as norl move off . CUT to dark room den and korg silently enter . across the dark room , the glow of the green ball cast a pale light . korg ( whisper and point ) loc-nar . dan ( v.o. ) wow ! it be just like the ball I dig up in my back yard . they tip - toe towards it . dan ( v.o. ) as I see the loc -nar 's glow I have this real funny feel . all by themselves , my hand reach forward to touch it . but the loc - nar move out of the way . instead , my hand feel something else - warm flesh . then the light come on . in the brightly light room , den be stand before the beautiful semi-clad queen , and hold she firm , naked breast in he hand . look around , he see that he and kong be surround by a brigade of the Queen 's ugly guard , sword raise . dan ( v.o. ) talk about embarass ! queen ( smile ) kill they . the Queen 's guard attack with battle - axe , club and sword . as den knee one in the groin and swing he gun into another 's face , four of the guard surround korg and club he brain out . but den , still go strong , throw two guard into the wall and heave a third out the window . as the queen watch with glee , more guard rush into the room and den be finally over - power and hold down . the Captain of the guard place a long knife against de 's throat . captain can I slit he throat , you majesty ? the queen , eyeing de 's magnificent body , sigh . queen yes , slit he throat . captain thank you , you majesty . as the Captain press he knife against de 's flesh , the queen suddenly raise she hand . queen ( smile ) stop ! I have , ah , something better in mind . she take de 's hand and lead he into a adjoin room , as the guard grumble to one another . guard # 1 jeez , not again . guard # 2 this always happen . captain look , she 's the Queen . she can do whatever she want . guard # 2 yeah , sure . guard # 1 sure . CUT to the queen' boudoir the queen stand before den , hand on she hip and a funny look in she eye . queen if you please I , I may let you live . she smile , and approach den . dan ( v.o. ) uh oh . den what must I do ? queen satisfy my appetite . the queen let she cloak drop to the floor as she get closer . she be naked underneath . dan ( v.o. ) wow ! eighteen year of nuthin' and now , twice in one day . what a place ! queen come with I . den mmmm . she step forward and take he hand , lead he towards the bed . dissolve to the queen' bed den and the queen be lie undress on the enormous bed . the queen have a very content look on she face . den look exhaust . as the neverwhere moon rise outside the chamber window , the queen slowly run she hand over den be bulg muscle . queen ( softly ) the rise moon climax we love , de . be be a sign , a new beginning . den yes , a sign . dan ( v.o. ) I have no idea what she be talk about . queen ( stroking he ) neverwhere be a troubled land , but together we could calm it . we could rule side by side . you strength have bring great peace to my restless body . it could bring great peace to all the troubled people of this land . dan ( v.o. ) I know I be good , but I do not know I be that good . suddenly the Captain and he guard burst through the door . captain you majesty ! the loc- nar be miss - steal ! the queen jump to she foot in a rage and point to den . queen ( scream ) fiend ! you make love to I while you accomplice steal the magic sphere ! Guards ! take he ! the guard grab den as the queen snatch one of they big spike club . queen ( to guard ) hold he still ! I will kill he myself ! dan ( v.o. ) Boy , be she piss off ! heaving the guard aside , den break free and jump out the chamber window . CUT to the castle wall den fall down , down into the swirl water of the castle moat . ( CUT to ) the queen she be livid . queen prepare the fly lizard . I want he head ! CUT to outside the castle pull himself out of the moat , den knock a guard off he leopard / horse and ride off . CUT to the neverwhere pyramid ARD be kneel at the edge of the sacrificial pool . beside he sit a long glass case wrap in chain . through the chain we see katherine trap inside - fully conscious and terrify . ard 's bestial warrior stand all around carry torch and spear . above they , the loc - nar sit glow in the stone idol 's hand . ARD by the power of the magic loc -nar place in you idol 's hand , I command you - come forth uluhtec ! the green water in the pool immediately begin to churn violently and leap into the air . a bolt of lightning crackle in the sky . CUT to the neverwhere desert den be racing across the barren desert on he leopard / horse . visible in the distance be the outline of the huge , truncate pyramid where he first save katherine . as he ride , he see the green glow of the loc - nar , sparkling in the glass surface of the coffin in front of it . den ( to himself ) Katherine ! he spur he leopard / horse on into the night . CUT to another part of the neverwhere desert the queen , riding a fly lizard , lead she army in pursuit of den . soldier ( point ) there he be , you majesty ! CUT to queen' p.o.v. up ahead , silhouett in the moonlight , she see den , riding up the step of the pyramid . the camera pan to the green glow atop the torch - light pyramid . queen ( v.o. ) the loc-nar ! CUT to the queen queen ( shouting to she man ) faster ! to the pyramid ! she whip she lizard harder . CUT to the neverwhere pyramid ARD be incant to the raging water while two hood monk stand beside he , hold the struggle katherine out over the pool . ARD here be you sacrifice , uluhtec . now , give I you power ! ( to monk ) throw she in . chant the name " uluhtec " , the two monk start to throw the girl in when suddenly a third monk leap forward and grab she , kick the other two monk into the water . the intruder 's hood fall away and he bald head gleam in the moonlight . den Katherine ! katherine de ! ARD no ! you will ruin everything ! ARD jump up and run toward the loc - nar , perch in the stone idol 's hand . grabbing it , ARD hold the glow ball above he . ARD ( to he guard ) kill they ! kill they both ! suddenly , a hand leap out of the darkness , grip the loc - nar just above ard 's hand - it be the queen . queen the loc - nar be mine ! ARD ( struggle ) stupid bitch ! get away from I ! as ARD and the queen fight over the loc - nar , the Queen 's troops pour in and battle with ard 's soldier . Thunder roar overhead . CUT to den holding katherine in one arm , den smashes a nearby soldier and grab the beast 's spear . with the battle raging all around he , den look up at the sky . CUT to the sky lightn crackle , illuminate the night with electricity . CUT back to den den reach down , pick up the long chain that be wrap around the glass case and attaches one end to he spear . he kick the other end into the raging water , then heave the spear with all he might into the head of the stone idol . in the same instant , a bolt of lightning fire down from the sky , strike the idol full force . the lightning bolt travel through the spear and down the chain , into the water . suddenly , the electrical energy arc across to join with the loc-nar . holding onto the loc-nar , ARD and the queen begin to glow green , then de-materialize into a shimmer dimensional warp . the troops stop fight and look on in amazement , until all that remain be the glow loc - nar , hang in mid-air . katherine ( to de ) where do they go ? den they be go . that be all that matter . dan ( v.o. ) they probably go back to Earth . Boy , will Mom be surprised . suddenly , the loc -nar fall to the ground at de 's foot . katherine ( look down ) the loc- nar ... you could have the power of uluhtec . you could be ruler over all this people . den ( look over the throng ) forget it . in a single powerful leap , den , carry katherine , bound up onto the Queen 's fly lizard and they fly off . the amaze troops watch for a moment , then shrug and resume fight . CUT to den' flying lizard katherine cling to den as they fly . katherine oh , but de , with the loc-nar you could have return to Earth . den I like it better here . the lizard bank sharply away from we and carry they into the distance . dan ( v.o. ) on Earth , I be nobody . but here , I be den . CUT to the neverwhere pyramid the camera pan down the stone statue to the glow sphere , which lie abandon on the ground . the soldier be go . as we watch , time begin to accelerate and the neverwhere pyramid age and crumble all around the green ball . the earth heave and shift , and dense vegetarian grow up through the crack in the ground . a prehistoric man walk up and see the glow ball under a fern . fascinate , he pick it up and look at it , as the foot of a tyrannosaurus rex come down , crush he . time advance again as the dinosaur become a skeleton , and a biblical tent - community grow up around the ball . in the fire-light , the nomadic tribesman be water they animal , when one of the camel paw at the ground , uncover the glow ball . scare , the camel struggle and trys to break its rope . out of nowhere a Roman legion attack , slaughtering the tribesman . time accelerate again , and the conquer Roman build a temple , place the green ball in the head of a golden idol . then the Roman grow fat and debauch , while slave - girl feed they grape . as the ball glow , the temple crash down around the debauch Roman , cover they and the green ball in rubble . over the ruin of the temple , a succession of primitive mud and clay hut evolve into the thatched - roof cottage of a medieval village . a medieval stone- cutter find the ball , and mortar it in with he stone as he build a water well in the centre of the village . satisfied with he work , he lower the bucket to draw himself a drink . behind he , a ox - cart come roaring around a corner . the axle break and a heavy wooden wheel careen along , strike the stone- cutter in the back and knock he into the well . time advance once more as the medieval village grow and transform into a victorian - style town . it be evening , and the stone well now sit under a gazebo at the centre of a gas - light village green . a fancy carriage carry a victorian gentleman pass by and circle the green . move in through a window across the street , we see a seductive - look woman dress herself in black garter and lace . this be intercut with the carriage circle the green , until the woman , who look like a high - class harlot , finish dress and leave she room . cross the street , she walk up to the gazebo and lean provocatively up against the well . the gentleman get out of he carriage , approach the woman and proposition she . she smile , touch , and tease he . we pan down they leg to the green ball glow in the well - wall . suddenly red blood begin to drip over the ball , and the woman 's body fall to the ground . the camera pan up to the well - bucket , where the gentleman be wash the blood from he hand . as time begin to move forward again , the man age and hobble away , as the well crumble and cheap turn - of - the-century row - housing grow up , cover the green ball . the town become dirtier and blacker , and smokestack blow soot into the morning sky . almost on cue , the door of the house open , and grim coal - miner emerge , shuffle through the filthy street on they way to work . the camera pan down to a drain in the gutter . a rat appear . pan back up , the street be now empty . a bell be hear ringing , and a horse - draw Red Cross cart pull around a corner and into view . masked worker follow the cart . one ring the bell , while the other pull corpse from the doorway and load they into the cart . the gutter and windowsills be now full of rat . time advance again and the building become desert derelict . they decaye timber groan under the weight . a support snap , and one of the building start to collapse . falling amidst the crumble plaster and rotting wood be the glow green ball . as the ball hit the ground , it be cover over by rubble . the rubble become bleach by the hot sun and the landscape grow drier . Sand blow all around , cover over everything . as the sandstorm clear , the entire terrain be nothing but desert . in the distance we can see a group of people walk . CUT to people the people appear to be a band of aboriginal workmen , carry futuristic laser - shovel over they shoulder . they be lead by a goateed archaeologist with a elaborate metal detector . as he walk , he detector start bleep . he point to a spot on the ground , and the native start digging with they laser - shovel . one of the worker find something . worker kuma ! kuma ! kuma ! the archaeologist wave the worker away and direct a tread - drive shovel - sifter up to the spot . the shovel - sifter dig in and pull up a large chunk of desert . when the sand have sifted out , we see the tarnish loc - nar in the machine 's grip . it be not glow . the machine swivel , and a native foreman pluck the loc - nar from the shovel - sifter 's tooth . as the foreman touch it , the loc - nar start glow brightly . the foreman 's hand turn green . he look at he green hand , then he look over to the archaeologist . suddenly the foreman 's entire body glow green , and crumble into dust . the archaeologist and the native stare in horror at the glow loc - nar , lie in the pile of green dust . dissolve to new york - aerial shot - day the camera come down from high above the city . the general shape and outline of New York look familiar , but as we get closer we sense that something be different . fire be burn in various location below we , and intermittent gunshot become audible as the narration begin . harry ( v.o. ) yeah , New York , big deal . scum-centre of the world . move down through the skyscraper , the city get dirtier and slummier . we pass a dead man hang from a tenement clothesline . below we , scruffy child dodge traffic as they play gyro- ball in the garbage - fill street . harry ( v.o. ) ... and now they be talk about let in low - life from other planet , too . under the narration , the camera turn a corner and zoom down through the roof of a park taxicab . it stop full frame on the newspaper hold in the cabdriver 's hand . a slow pan across the front page reveal that the paper be the New York Times , July 6 , 2031 one headline read : " 400,000 traffic death over holiday weekend " . another read : " venus declare 73rd State " . the camera stop on a headline read : " Professor discover ancient relic --- to be show in n.y. Museum " . there be a accompany photo of the goateed archaeologist and he beautiful daughter stand beside a glass and metal case contain the loc-nar . a knock be hear on the cab 's window , and the driver throw down the newspaper . young man ( from outside ) you free ? harry yeah . get in . ( v.o. ) my name 's Harry Canyon . I drive a cab . he flip a switch which unlock the rear door . CUT to outside cab the young man climb into the back seat and close the door . Harry 's yellow checker cab pull out into traffic . the vehicle look pretty normal except for some vaguely futuristic chrome panel cut into the side , and thicker , deeper bumper . CUT to inside cab Harry slide open the plexiglass shield separate he from he passenger . harry where to , pal ? young man the U.N. Building . harry the U.N. Building . what a joke . use to be a nice place until they turn it into low rent housing . now it 's a dump . I would not live there if you pay I . he switch on the car radio . the music play as Harry 's cab pass various time - alter New York landmark ; a graffiti - cover Empire State Building - window all board up , a decrepit lincoln Centre , the marquis read " continuous live sex show , also inter - planetary mud-WWrestling " , new ultra-tech building cramme between half - destroy Wall Street office building , garbage everywhere . Inside the cab , the young man pull a gun out of he jacket , stick he arm through the open in the plexi-glass shield , and hold the gun to Harry 's head . young man okay sucker , hand over you cash , now ! harry ( v.o. ) this city be really go to the dog . Harry 's foot stretch forward and push a footswitch . a buzzing be hear , and the young man 's body suddenly dematerialize . the gun which he hold at Harry 's head fall to the seat beside harry , who pick it up and toss it into the glove compartment , beside all sort of other futuristic gun and weapon . harry ( v.o. ) stupid asshole . nobody touch I unless I want them to . CUT to ext . metropolitian museum - night the camera be close - up on the illustrate banner over the main entrance . the banner read ; " treasure of the loc - nar - come July 8th " . we pan down to the museum door , as a man 's body come crash through the plate glass and sprawl forward , cut and bleed . it be the goateed professor from the desert . his daughter run out behind he , rip she clothes on the break glass . girl Father ! professor run ! the girl take off down the museum stair as man with laser gun come out and start fire . a fat , evil-look man ( rudnick ) bend down and grab the professor 's head , jerk it up . rudnick ( to henchmen ) he 's dead . get the girl ! the girl , clothes tear , run out into the street , just as Harry 's cab come cruise by . she run alongside , pound on the window . girl ( to Harry ) help I , please !! a laser shot narrowly miss she and blast Harry 's side - mirror . harry flip the switch , unlock the passenger door , and wave she in . harry ( v.o. ) normally my rule be " do not get involved " , but something about this dame get to I . she dive in the back and harry floor it . the cab scream away as laser -shot land all around . girl ( in shock , breathless ) the loc-nar ... they want it ... but my father would not tell they ... now I be the only one ... CUT to harry harry ( interupt ) relax sister . there 's a cop station up here . you can ... harry look at she in the rear-view mirror . the girl have faint . harry ( v.o. ) just what I need ... guess I be a sucker for a pretty face . CUT to police station the police station be a all - metal building with no window . a plaque on thry front read " n.y. police - 52nd division " . Harry 's cab pull up . he get out , carry the unconscious girl up to the front door , and push a buzzer . voice ( over intercom ) Police . whaddya want ? harry I wanna report a murder . voice ( over intercom ) so what else be new ? harry you gonna let I in or what ? a buzzer sound and the door slide open . harry carry the girl in and head across the room toward the main desk . as he walk he pass cop use a strange metal detector / vaccuum cleaner to suck dangerous weapon from a pair of suspect . pile of weapon can be see in the machine 's transparent belly . cop # 1 okay , this guy 's clean - next . harry come up to the front desk and start to lay the girl down in a chair . desk sergeant ( to Harry ) before you go any further pal , I gotta tell you , it 's cash up front . a thousand buck a day for a full investigation . another thousand if the assailant be catch . get it ? harry yeah thanks ... he pick up the girl and turn to leave . harry ... for nuthin' ! desk sergeant ( shouting after Harry ) you think you can do better ? join one of the vigilante group . there 's a list of them outside . CUT to ext . police station harry , carry the girl , come out of the police station , as a patrol car screech to a halt in front of he . two cop emerge , drag a green alien with four arm . GREEN alien I tell you I be a american citizen . I just lose my papers . cop ( to himself ) goddamn illegal alien . harry head toward he cab . harry ( v.o. ) so here I be , stick with this beautiful girl . I know she be gonna be nuthin ' but trouble ... he look around at the sleazy neighbourhood . every doorway and alley seem to have a rapist or thug lurking . harry ( v.o. ) ... but I do not feel right just leave she for the sickos . I dunno , maybe I be gettin ' sentimental or something ... dissolve to int . harry apartment this futuristic bachelor pad be construct entirely of brightly coloured molden plastic . bowl trophy sit on a shelf underneath a neon " buweiser " clock . the place be a mess . harry carry the girl in , push the light button to " on " , and lay she down on the sofa . as he take off he jacket he look down at the unconscious figure - she clothes tear in all the right place . she moan and start to come to . girl where be I ? harry my place ... walk over to a hi-tech plastic bar , harry push a button and a machine pour and mix a drink . he hand the girl the glass . she sit up and drink . girl ( look at Harry ) they would have kill I if it be not for you . harry what would they want to snuff you for ? - - - [ page 99/120 . ]