March , 1999 gene hackman heist a screenplay by david mamet copyright '' 1998 , 1999 by david mamet rosenstone / wender agency 3 E. 48th St. n.y.c . fade in : ext railroad overpass day . a low flying plane , making its final approach . angle cu . a well -built man in he forties , joe moore , in horn rimmed glass and moustache , look up , at the plane . camera take he to a old stone overpass over a railroad track . he carry a fold map . he look around , as if lost . angle . moore , stand at the side of a two lane semi - suburban road . he look down at he map . SOUND of a train approaching . angle on moore , over he as a train stream by beneath the overpass . angle . on moore , as he nods , and start back toward a parked stationwagon . angle INS . we see the fold map contain a yellow legal pad . moore glance at he watch , and make a notation in the pad . he flip back page on the pad to show it be full of notation . we see a sketch of the railway overpass . angle on moore , as he start to get into the stationwagon . he look around one last time , shrug , as if to say " so be it , " and get into the car . angle int the car . moore , sitting . a police car , siren and light on . roar past outside . moore nods , look at he watch . he start the car . put the pad down next to he , be about to drive off , when he get another thought , and open the pad again . moore look around . sigh , shrug , and put the car in gear . dissolve to : ext . commercial STREET . a metal cane on the sidewalk , a pair of man' legs . the sunlight glint off the cane . pan up , past the cane , to reveal . 2 . ext . limousine . day . a beautiful commercial STREET . full of boutiques , posh car , and folk strolling down the STREET . two men , joe moore , and billy blane , a well - built man of similar age , both in fine business suit , both wear leather glove , stroll down the STREET . moore walk with the aid of a heavy metal cane . moore ( as he look around ) what make the world go around ? blane ... you tell I . moore gold . blane some people say Love . moore ( nods ) it be love . it be Love of gold . blane ... easy to get the gold , hard to get it home . moore ... waal , so it take a little bit of think ... angle cu on moore , as he look across the STREET . angle he Pov . a posh jewelry store . a uniformed guard exit the store , close the metal grate behind he . angle . on blane and moore . at there limousine . blane feed the parking meter . and help moore into the backseat . over they , in the b.g. , we see the guard disappear around a corner . moore look down at he watch as he enter the car . angle on blane , as he get into the driver' seat . blane look out of the window . int fast -food coffeeshop day . angle , insert . a tray with five espresso shotglass on it . 3. a woman' hand filling the last of the five . angle the uniformed guard , at the counter , chatting with another server . cashier ( to guard ) ... what 's yours ? the woman pouring the drink rub her temple , and sigh . woman ... five cappuccino ... cashier ... that ought to keep you up ... the guard and the cashier laugh . cashier ( cont would ) ... eleven ninety -two ... angle on the woman , a SMALL ' visine - like ' bottle from her pocket , tip her head back , and move as if to put the drop in her eye . angle xcu we see that the cap be still on the bottle . angle . she lower the bottle and take off the cap , and put several drop into each of the drink before her . angle on the woman as she pass the tray full of drink over the counter to the guard . woman ... you have a nice day . she look up at the wallclock , and address herself to the cashier . woman ( cont would ) I have get a break ... the cashier nods . camera take the woman back into the employee's area , where she take down a large shoulderbag , and fish a pack of cigarettes and a lighter out of it . she begins to light a cigarette . the cashier turn back to look at the woman . 4. cashier ... Di not they tell you can not smoke in here ... the woman nods , as if to say , 'I forget . i'm sorry . ' she take the bag , put it over her shoulder , and start out of the coffeeshop . angle , ext the coffeeshop . a SMALL parking area , a dumpster , the woman come out , smoking the cigarette . camera hinges her around the corner , into a SMALL alleyway . in the alleyway she take a thin gray raincoat out of the bag , and put it on . it cover her store uniform . she take a pin from her hair and lets her hair fall . she take a large pair of sunglass from the glass and put they on . angle , int the limousine . blane , in the driver' seat , joe moore in back . angle on moore . holding a SMALL yellow sheet . angle INS : it be the drawing of the railroad overpass . angle on blane making a calculation on the sheet . blane sees something out of the windshield , and indicate it to joe moore , who nods and put away the yellow pad . blane showtime , Circus time . angle , there Pov . the guard , holding the tray of coffee , entering the jewelrystore . angle on the guard . as he be buzzed through a double grate . camera pan to reveal the woman coming out of the alleyway . camera take her across the STREET . where she pass the limousine , as she doe she open her hand , showing her OPEN hand to the limousine . angle int the limousine . blane ... I see five . moore five be correct . ( he look down at he watch . ) 5 . angle ext the jewelry store . we see the guard inside , drinking coffee with the salespeople , a guard enter from the rear of the store , and take a coffee . we see in the reflection , the woman in the sunglass and raincoat looking in the window of the jewelry store , she adjust her hair , and turn . angle int the limousine , which be pulling up to the curb . we see the woman turning away from the jewelry store , and nodding at the limousine . on the woman , as she continue down the STREET . she take a large paperbag from her shoulderbag , and dump it in a trash receptacle . in the limousine blane start to OPEN the door . moore ( looking at he watch ) no wait . ( pause ) alright . angle ext the limo . blane get out of the driver' seat , and hurrie around to OPEN the rear door . moore be helped out of the rear seat , and handed a metal cane by blane . they start across the sidewalk toward the double grate of the jewelryshop . blane holding moore' elbow . as they reach the frontdoor . a heavyset man also wearing leather glove , carrying several beautifully wrapped pink package approach the door . there be the SOUND of a explosion . the three men turn there head . angle . at the door to the shop . angle there Pov , down the STREET , there be a FIRE raging and a vast column of smoke pouring from the trash receptacle . angle at the door to the store . the three men , moore and the heavyset man , pincus , put , stockingmasks over there head . moore take a SMALL electronic looking contraption from he pocket , and hold it up to the grating , the grating pop OPEN . blane nods at the two other men who start into the store . 6 . they take off there leather glove revealing surgical glove underneath . angle , on pincus , as he restrain moore . both look inside the store . angle , there Pov . on the counter , one capped , unopened coffee container , and a young woman , salesgirl , stand beside the counter , terrified . angle on the two men . beat . pincus reach for a gun . moore shake he head no . then moore take off he mask , and motion to pincus who hesitate for a second , then hand a smal object to moore . moore proceeds into the store . camera follows he in , to show a guard slumped unconscious on the floor . moore ( cont would ) ... what be it , I be a doctor ... ( he kneel at the head of the fallen man ) come here , hold he head up . now ... the young woman come over , moore take out the object pinky passed he , a SMALL canister , and sprays the woman in the face . she slump to the floor . moore motion pinky into the shop . angle ext the store . several bystander be moving toward the FIRE . one come up to blane , as if to enter the store . blane put he hand to he ear , as if listening to a earpiece , and point at the FIRE , shaking he head . blane move along , please ... this area must be secure while the Secretary 's on the street ... just move alone ... angle int the store . pincus have removed the cover from he package , revealing they to be a large receptacle . camera pan he across a counter , over which counter we see slumped the form of the two salespeople . pincus point at the desk . moore nods . in the b.g. we see moore hit a buzzer underneath a desk . a panel in the wall swing OPEN , and we see a large walk in safe behind , its door OPEN . in the foreground the heavyset man be shovelling the content of the display case into he carryall . 7. angle on moore in the walk in safe , as he consult a SMALL index card taken from he pocket . he walk to the slumped form of a employee , and take a key from around her neck , move to the safeboxe in the rear . the keys do not work . moore nods as if to say , " well , that would have be too easy ... " he unscrew a section of he metal cane , and remove SMALL surgical tool , he open now one and now another of the SMALL safe box and empties they into the carryall . moore wipe he forehead with he arm as he work . heavyset man ( pincus ) ( vo ) ... two minute ... moore nods . pincus motion up , they both look up at a television camera ... angle a black and white image -- the two men -- pincus in a stockingmask , moore see plainly , as if through the surveillance camera ... angle moore nods , finishes scooping the content of the box into the case . he look at he watch , and up , again , at the tv camera . pincus forty second ... moore nods , camera take he along a wall of cabinet , he open now one , and now another , dissatisfied ... angle , he Pov . a electronic cabinet . several tapedeck , behind a metal , locked grating . the tapedeck behind it , its light glowing . pincus ( cont would ) ... thirty second ... angle on moore , who use the tool in he cane , to attempt to OPEN the grating . 8. the grating doe so , but he tool slip , shatter the tapedeck beyond . its light go out . pincus ( cont 'd ) ten second ... angle , on moore , as he tries , furiously , to destroy the tape machine , to get to the tape . angle INS . xcu . the tape machine . moore smashing at it . pincus ( cont 'd ) ... that 's it , that 's gotta be it ... moore continue try to pry loose the tape . angle pincus , pulling moore away . the heavyset man put the pink package camouflage on he case . angle , cu on moore , as he leave the back room . angle he Pov . the tape machine . angle : in black and white , as if through the video surveillance camera --the men leaving the store . dissolve to : ext the deck of a sloop in the ocean , day a magnificent 60 - foot wooden sailboat . a beautiful day , light chop . a florid fellow in he fiftie , smoking a cigar , at the wheel . angle a beautiful young woman , the same woman we saw in the previous sequence , in short and a t-shirt , and sunglass , near the mast of the sailboat . beyond her a marker buoy and beyond a SMALL harbor and marina . she turn toward the camera . woman ( fran . calling back ) y'got you marker , five , six hundred yard . ( pause ) y'might want to start you turn . angle on the florid man , as he nods . and bend to look under the sail . he be blind by a flash of light . he screws up he eye . angle , he Pov . 9 . the light , bouncing off a gleaming rail . the man flinch . angle : on the boat , as be come up into the wind , the sail luff , and the boat begins to rock . angle : fran coming under the sail boom , goe hurriedly , to the wheel , and move toward the man . pushing he out of the way , and correcting the course of the boat . angle : florid man ( smiling ) ... you lookin to make friend ...? fran no. I have get my friend ... the man move to the wheel again , and fran hold he off . fran you put this boat on the rock , you buy it . florid man I get the sun in my eye . angle as fran take the wheel . on the boat , as it heel and turn , passing the red marker buoy inbound for the harbor . int shipyard day . a SMALL marina . through the OPEN door we see the marina beyond . gleaming , molten metal be be poured into a SMALL mould by a workman . joe moore , now without moustache and glass , with light , greying hair , in a cheap sportcoat , come over , and give the workman a few direction . the workman nods . camera take moore past several boat in the shed , in various stage of disassembly . out of the SMALL shed , and to the pier of the marina , where we see fran tying up the sloop , and the florid man descending the gangplank . moore what do you think ? florid man think you be too old for that girl -- how would you ever get a girl like that ...? 10 . moore I win she in a raffle ... florid man no , I be serious . what 's a girl like hh ... moore ( shrug ) she 's get this " father " thing . you like the boat ? florid man waal ... you price be rather high ... moore I will tell you what , then why 'ot you go build one ... florid man no offense , no offense , I tell you I like the boat . ( to fran ) what be he , a touchy fella ...? fran you have to ask he . florid man ( to moore ) what I would like to do : I will take 'er out again , I and some people ... the weekend ...? fran , in the b.g. come down the gangplank . moore ... we will be here ... angle , on fran , as she turn her back on the florid man , and stand close to moore , her face surprised , moore ignore her . moore ( cont would ) ... we will be here . florid man ... I like this boat ... fran ... mister fletcher , tell you what , you put down you deposit , we be gonna fit you one out . you specs . florid man I do not want you , fit I one out , I want to buy this one here . this be a hell of a boat . fran well , this one 's not for sale . 11 . florid man everything 's for sale . I be go tell you what : you want , sell the boat to I , this weekend , you want to name you price , we will ... ( he hand fran a business card and scribble on the back of it . ) fran ( smile ) well , Mr. fletcher , this weekend , we be go on a little trip , but ... florid man how often do you see a live one ...? I be talk cash . you want a premium , I be go to pay you premium , and I ... fran disassociate herself from the florid man ( mr fletcher ) fran Excuse I ... she walk toward moore moore what do you want I to bring you back ? fran you just come back ... stay in the shadow . moore everybody 's lookin ' in the shadow . fran then where 's the place to be ...? moore ( as he squint at the SUN , he put on he sunglass ) place to be 's in the Sun ... fran well , then , you stay there , then ... beat . he take her to he and kiss her . fletcher ( in the b.g. jocularly ) ... pretty little girl like that , would not stay away too long ... moore exchange a look with fran . SOUND of a carhorn . they both turn . angle , there Pov . 12 . a cab , ext , the marina . angle fran and moore , he shrug , start to turn . fran put a hand on he arm . fran stay here . let Bobby do it ... moore ( as he kiss her again ) you take care , baby . I will see you tonight . he turn toward the cab . int boxing gym day . SOUND of speedbags , and ropeskipping . two young men sparring in the SMALL , dark , dirty gym . angle blane , in hooded sweatshirt and jeans , smoking a cigar , look down , from a wooden balcony , on the gym below . behind he we see moore enter the balcony , and walk silently , and stand two feet behind the chair . beat . blane you should not sneak up on a fella like that . moore ... what 's he likely to do ...? blane he 's likely to do all sort of unpredictable shit . blane turn , and the two start down the rickety stair to the MAIN floor . angle moore turn . to see two workmen unbolting a SMALL metal pipe scaffolding , on which hang some old heavybags . blane ( cont would ) yeah , I be go , put in some new equipment . moore what would you , come into some money ? blane smile . on the MAIN floor of the gym , a wizened old man sit at a SMALL coatroom . 13 . blane gesture and the man throw he a old leather jacket , and hand he a large boxing gym bag . moore and blane exit the gym . ext 47th STREET diamond district . NYC day . blane and moore walking down the STREET . they pass into a build which we see advertised as goldensohn diamond mart . blane where you goin to go with the gelt ? moore you know where I be go . I and the girl , go get on the boat . blane you go go South somewhere ... rub yourselves all over , cocoa butter ... moore ... that 's right . blane get one of they cocker spaniel dog , pull down you bathingsuit ... moore ... that 's right ... blane ... stick you white ass out at the world ... moore I work for it . ( pause ) what be you gonna do ...? blane I be gonna open a carwash , n'torch it for the insurance ... hold on a second ... angle there Pov . two uniformed policemen , walking down the STREET , out of a deli . blane and moore turn . beat . the police turn away from blane and moore . blane and moore proceed . angle int goldenshon's diamond mart . blane and moore enter . blane hold the door OPEN for a exiting matron . they proceed down the aisle of stall and jewel . camera take they to a heavyset fellow stand in front of a door . 14 . int office suite day . the gymcase be place down on a heavy desk . moore sit in a chair , blane stand behind he in the SMALL sparsely furnished room , across from bergman , a fellow who look like a gangster . bergman open the case . angle INS : the case be full of old boxing equipment --gloves , a speed bag , etc . a hand come into the shot , take out a knife , and rip OPEN the speedbag -- we see the glint of jewel inside . the knife proceeds to OPEN old boxing glove , etc . all be full of jewel . angle the men at the desk . SOUND of a door open . in the b.g. a dark , handsome young man be see open the door to the outside . bergman motion he to take the case and leave , the man ( bella ) nods and begins to do so . bergman ( introducing he ) my nephew , Jimmy . moore I meet he a long time ago . ( nods ) bergman do you ...? moore yeah , I think I do . beat . blane and moore exchange a look , the dark young man be handed the gymcase . he close the door leaving bergman , blane , and moore alone . moore nods , to indicate , " it's alright , " and blane begins , reluctantly , to leave . bergman you should of shot the girl . moore ( shrug ) you know , you be right ... bergman shrug , as if to say " well , that's water under the bridge . " bergman on the other thing , good News ! we get the go ahead , we get a date . I get a firm date on the swiss thing . 15 . moore I be burnt . they get my picture . bergman ( shrug ) they get you picture in drag . witcher warpaint on . moore ( shake he head ) -- I get to go . bergman you goin down , a body shop ? ( he run he hand over he face . ) moore yeah , I be gonna have them pound the dent out . bergman ...old as you be , it 's a good deal . moore waal , they be honorable scar . bergman that they be and indeed they be . how you do , Bobby ? blane well , you be look at it . bergman anything you guy want , you be here ? y'want to get a present for the Little Lady ... there be a knock at the door . bella , the young handsome man enter with the gym bag and a piece of paper , and walk toward bergman . bergman take the paper , and smile . bergman no , you be the boss hog , Joe . moore kind of you to say so . bergman ( of the slip of paper ) nobody ... get the goods like you ... moore anybody can get the goods , the tough part 's , get away . bergman uh huh . 16 . moore plan a good enough getaway , you could steal ebbett field . bergman ebbet 's field 's go ... moore what would I tell ya ...? ( bergman hand he a slip of paper . of the slip of paper ) Higher than the estimate . ( he pass the paper to blane ) bergman and half of that 's yours . you and you team . moore yeah , why be you tell I that ? bergman ... I tell you we be on for the " other " thing ? the swiss thing ? moore ... why be you tell I that , Bill ? that half of it 's mine . I know half of it 's mine . because , you will remember , I and my crew ? go in there and get it . ( pause ) bergman ... the other thing ? moore ... you remember that ? bergman it 's the shot of the century . moore yeah -- well , it 's a shame ... bergman I be lock into it . it 's such a beautiful deal , Joe ... we wait so long . he put he arm around moore , and walk he into the outer office , where we see blane and bella and several bodyguard type . bergman ( cont 'd ) ... I put myself , n'my friend in hock , set the deal up ... moore I need my money . I owe the crew ... ( pause ) I owe my crew , Bill ... 17 . bergman if it be I ... moore yeah , if it be you n'if it be I . I owe my crew . ( pause ) and I get to go . ( pause ) I get to get outta town . bergman you should of pop the girl ... look : ( he pick up a sheaf of paper from he desk . ) this swiss thing ? after how long we wait ...? moore woulda shoulda coulda . bergman ... I be a publisher man , I would publish the plan ... it 's the mona Lisa . moore you be too kind . blane why do not you publish the plan ? bergman yeah , no , I be say , that 's what I would do , f'i be in the book business . unfortunately , I be a thief , so , I have to do that thing . you understand ... Joe : moore what be it I understand ...? bergman you understand my position . moore here 's mine ? I do the job . I and my crew . we bring you the swag , we be go to take we cut . bergman well , look here , it 's the Golden rule . you know the Golden rule . whoever 's get the fucken gold , he get to make the rule ... huh ? ( pause ) huh ...? look : the normal course of event ... angle on moore , as he exchange a look with blane 18 . they look at the gymbag . blane start to edge toward the gymbag . bergman ( cont would ) ... let 's all remember where we be ... blane ( as he move toward the bag ) ... that 's very literary . bella push he back . bella look here , pal ... look here , pal ... you be the help ... blane I be what ...? bella ... you be ... blane I be the " help , " motherfucker ? you be sit behind a desk , we be on the street , it seem to I . furthermore : angle , he Pov , insert , the gymbag . we see one of the bodyguard move in front of it . angle moore and blane as bella push blane away from the gymbag . blane punch he , he fall to the ground . blane pull a pistol . one of the thug next to blane pull a pistol , and point it at blane who bat it out of the way . the gun discharge . blane step up to the thug and hit he in the head with the gunbut . the thug fall to the floor . blane ( cont would ) ( as he move toward the gymbag ) you wanna play " o.k. corral ? " be this the plan of the Day ? you wanna go dress warmly , n'go play outside ? go for it . go for it , motherfucker : you know where I be , I be right here ... ( pause ) bergman yeah . you be a pitbull . ( to moore ) you friend 's a pitbull . moore what do you want , we be suppose to do , sit back , put we foot up while you fucken rob I ? 19 . bergman I be in hock to my people for the toy , all the toy you tell I you need , do the other thing ... moore I get to go . bergman while I what ? go wee wee all the way home to my ? go wee wee all the way home to my backer ? you tell I this : ( he hold out he hand for a list ) the truck , two truck , the stuff the train , the plan ? ... you tell I , " go out , spend the money , " I do . now : moore what do you want from I ? they get my face on a cereal box ... bergman I want you do do the swiss job . ( pause ) moore gimme we cut , we work for , my crew , we do the swiss job . bergman well , now , that 's bullshit , Joe , you know that , you just tol I you be goin travel -- I give you the money now , and you be go . you go play I for some kind of sucker ? the other job . it 's set up . blane you trine to play we for , you over - the-hill , short - weight motherfucker ... bergman ( to moore ) ... I do not think you friend like I ... blane like you ? I would like you to spend the rest of you life with I ... right now ... ( he draw a pistol and point it at bergman ) right now , motherfucker . here you be : you weight and fate . how ' bout that ... how ' bout that ...? several of the thug draw there weapon . bergman ... alright ... alright ... let 's just ... 20 . blane how about that , and we will let someone else clean up ... blane move toward the gymbag . blane ( cont would ) how about they rosy're apple ...? moore bag 's empty ... ( pause ) the bag 's empty , billy ... ( pause ) put the bag down , it 's empty ... blane open the gymbag and we see that it be empty -- he look to moore for direction . moore ( cont would ) alright . blane what ? moore I say alright . ( pause ) bergman ... you will do the swiss job ? moore no . bergman well , then , it 's not alright . what be you tell I ...? moore I be tell you I will think about it . ( pause ) lemme think about it . the thug start to rise from the floor . blane address he . blane ... do not get up . bergman you think about it , Joe . I get you money sit for you , right here . you do the job , and I swear to you ... blane and moore back out of the room . 21 . int bedroom night . moore and fran , on the bed . wrapped in a sheet . moore be stand at the window , wearing pajama bottom . angle he Pov . he sailboat , in the marina below . angle , on moore , as he turn back to fran . fran ... alright : what if we ... moore hold up he hand for her to be quiet . beat . moore I be sorry ... fran ... what do you tell I ? what be it you tell I ? moore what be it I tell you ? fran " any situation , stand it on its head . " moore izzat right ... fran so : stand it on its head . ( pause ) what if we ... moore interrupt . moore sell the beat . ( pause ) call the guy , sell the boat . angle on fran as she dial the phone . moore ( cont would ) you quote he we figure , sell it to he for cash . fran for cash ? moore that 's the sweetener . fran I do not get it . 22 . moore you say " cash , " he know we be hungry . he will counter ten , twenny percent less , you kick around , and accept it . fran where 's he gonna get the cash at night ? moore let he get it tomorrow . you bring he the title for the boat . fran and you ? ( on the phone ) hello , Mr. fletcher ...? could you , I be look for Mr. Robert fletcher . ( pause ) would you tell he Fran , from Moore Marine . ( she look at moore ) moore ... I will meet you in Mexico . fran how're you go to Mexico ...? moore ( pause , as if at the obvious ) ... I be take the boat . ( beat ) I be not proud ... fran f'you be take the boat , baby , take the boat tonight ... moore I be not go till I make sure we be goin get the money ... fran gesture for he to be quiet , as there be someone one the line . fran well , would you tell he ... moore ... I can not go down there with nothing ... fran what be you gonna do about the other guy ? moore we be gonna play some ringolevio . I be gonna need you help -- look here : 23 . int NYC delicatessen day midtown busy deli . pincus and blane seated at a booth in the rear of the deli , drinking coffee . pincus you know , in many way , it be not they arrogance that hurt , it 's the money . blane yeah ? what be you gonna do with the money ? pincus I be gonna buy a scooter for my niece . you know , this 's the goddamndest thing I ever see : they get he face on tap , he 's get to steal away like the Arabs . blane ... with what ? pincus well , what about Times two . if they stiffe he on Monday , what be they gonna do on Wednesday ... blane Joe ? he 's get something in reserve . pincus shrug , as if to say " may it be so . " blane ( cont would ) he 's get something in the hole . he would not change he mind without a diversion . pincus ... may it be so . blane ... and a back - up plan ... angle , on bella , who be walking back through the deli , toward the booth holding pincus and blane . bella stop , sheild behind some coat . angle he Pov . the other two men in the booth . pincus ( cont would ) ... b' cause , b'cause I have spend my cut , the last thing ... blane ... you hold tight with the Crew ... 24 . pincus ... I hold tight with the Crew , the Crew hold tight with I , be all I be ... blane perceive bella , and pincus stop talking . blane look up , all turn . angle , there Pov . bella , at the booth . bella how're we all today ? blane f'we get somewhere to go , let 's go . angle the group in the booth rise , bella motion they out of the front of the store . angle ext 47th STREET , diamond district , day . the group emerge from the deli . angle int . a gold and jewelry showroom . bergman behind the counter , talking to a man at a OPEN safe , the man be handling several gold coin . angle INS . bergman' hand , holding the coin . angle bergman , look up . angle he Pov . across the STREET , the group , and bella , motioning moore across the STREET . angle , ext , the gold and jewelry showroom . bergman come out , coming across 47th STREET . in the b.g. we see a bunch of scandinavian looking tourist , each with he map , camera slung around the neck , ET cetera , walking down the STREET . we see bergman , crossing the STREET , looking around . angle pincus , bella , and blane , blane be scanning the STREET , he turn back in the direction of bergman , and nods . angle he Pov 25 . behind bergman , one of the tourist detach himself from the group and walk up behind bergman . camera track with they , as moore ( the tourist ) take bergman be arm , and they walk down 47th STREET . beat moore alright . bergman you will do the job ? moore that 's right . bergman I be sorry I put you in a position . moore it 's very sport of you to say so . bergman well ... moore I be go to need some walk - around money . ( bergman nods ) and I be go to need my man 's share , on the last job . bergman that 's not unreasonable . moore ( cont would ) give it to I ( he hold out he hand . ) bergman ...now ? moore ... you get it in you pocket . bergman sigh , take out a envelope , and show it to moore . bergman ... you be ahead of I every turn . how about that . moore ... stun . bergman ... the date hold , you get the shipment on the fourteenth . moore ...how do I insure my cut ? 26 . bergman I swear to you ... moore ... you lose you amateur stand . here 's what the thing be : I go with the gold . ( pause ) I go with the gold , or there 's no deal . I take my half , you take you half on site , we be do . ( pause ) bergman ... so be it . moore now : what 's you little surprise . angle , over they , onto the group outside the deli , as we see that there walk have taken moore and bergman around the block . bergman ( cont would ) ( motioning at bella as they join the other group ) ... my boy go on the job with you . ( pause ) moore ...he 's get terrible manners . bergman nobody 's perfect . ( pause ) the two have walked up to pincus and blane . moore ( to bergman ) gettim over here ... ( bergman motion to bella ) bella ( pause ) ... I be sorry for what I say . blane ... what would he say ...? bella ( pause ) I be sorry for what I say . ( pause moore motion to blane ) blane well , you be probably just overcome by the heat of the moment . be that the thing ? 27 . bella ... that 's right . moore okay , so you call we one , we call you one . the way you get along 's you be gonna go along . ( to bergman ) okay , we be do negotiate , gimme the money ( bergman hand he a envelope ) I will see you on the fourteenth ... moore and blane start to walk away . blane you go to take that lame onna job ? moore I will tell you what , you make the decision , and I will bitch at you . it 's fun to play pretend ! blane you go to roll over for this guy , I get to walkaway ... it 's one thing , put you head in the lion 's mouth . it 's another thing , put you head in the lion 's mouth and shoot yourself . I ... moore you do whatever the fuck you have to do ... moore start to walkaway from the group , followed by blane . moore you want to show I another way ? blane ( of bella , as he stop moore ) ... why do he go with the gold ? bergman y'ever split a piece of cake ? one kid get to cut the cake , the other get to choose . we be gonna get the gold . you guy get to go , my guy get to go . ( pause ) moore then we go together . bergman you go with the gold . that 's the deal . ( pause . blane and moore start to walkaway ) blane you be lose a step , joey . 28 . moore Zat so ? blane time be , you wuu not of ask he . moore yeah , well , the time be I be the Law West of the peco . blane and now ...? moore and now the time be , I get to get out of town . he turn back , hand the envelope to pincus . moore ( cont would ) ( sotto , to pincus ) okay it 's on . pincus ( as he take the envelope ) I will take care of it . pincus turn back to exchange a private word with moore . moore you wanna wash any laundry out inna street ...? ... you say you be go take care of it , take care of it . ( pause , while pincus hesitate ) ... be you in or out ...? pincus exchange a look with blane . shrug , and nods and walk off . moore , to blane . moore ( cont would ) be he go soft on I ...? blane ( pause ) he would never go soft on you , joey ... moore well , then . what 's the thing ? be I miss something ...? blane he 's just countin ' the trick , and the trick do not add up . trick do not add up . this guy . you get the gold , they never let you walk away wi ... why would you want to ... ( pause . ( more ) 29 . blane ( cont would ) recognition light up blane's face ) we be not doin the job . izzat it ? you be just go to take the up front money , walk away . ( pause ) moore I get to Bobby ... blane I know you do . moore tick tock . blane no , I know . moore the cop get I on tape . I get to go ... ( pause ) moore but everybody get he cut from the jewelry store . blane yeah , thanks , but after which , what be you go to live on ? moore I be trine a figure out a way , get somebody , throw I inna briar patch . moore turn back to bella . moore ( cont would ) awright , you want to go to work ...? bella walk up to the group . blane sees something over moore' shoulder . angle he Pov . the two policemen we saw earlier , walking there beat , one look in moore' direction , and doe a double take , and then keep looking at moore . angle on moore and blane , moore start to half - turn , blane put he arm on moore' elbow , and start to walk he away . blane ( sotto ) ... just keep walk ... 30 . blane turn back , and look at pincus , who stand in the middle of the block , he tug on he ear , and incline he head slightly toward the two policemen , one of whom be walking , tentatively , toward moore . angle , on pincus , who be turned away . angle on blane , who be still try to signal pincus . he shake he head minutely , and turn back to moore . blane ( cont would ) ( sotto ) ... walk on ... just walk on ... angle on the two policemen , who be walking toward blane and moore , we see moore detach himself from blane , and continue walking , turning the corner . angle on blane , as he walk up toward a passerby . he take a piece of paper out of he pocket , as if looking for direction . blane ( cont would ) ... excuse I ... excuse I ... the passerby be crossing the STREET , blane step out into the STREET . we hear the blaring of car horn , and the squeal of brake . angle on blane , as a car run into he . blane hit the hood of the car . angle on he hand , as it come down , with a thump , on the hood of the car . he roll off the hood , and onto the ground . angle on the two policemen , turning to the SOUND of the accident . in the b.g. we see moore , turning the corner . angle on blane , on the ground , holding he leg . 31 . blane ( cont would ) ...oh god ... oh god ... angle on the crowd of onlooker , as the policemen kneel to blane . blane start to he feet . in the back of the crowd we see pincus , who look on for a second , and then melt away . angle sidewalk , passerby . moore walking in the STREET . pincus come up behind he . pincus ( sotto ) ...he 's okay . moore yeah , well , you know , that be he road game . pincus he 's too old for that . moore ( shrug ) it 's he job . let 's get to work . int smokey workingman' bar night . fran ( in blue jeans , on a payphone ) ... a if , a if ... well , why do not you , no , wait a sec ... wait a second , f'it 's about you wife , f'it 's about you wife , why di n'tcha ... no , wait a ... will you wait , what I be say , if the whole thing be about you wife , you know what , you know what , the hell with it . she hang up , she goe to the bar , two pace away , and sit next to a middleaged woman . fran ( cont would ) ( to bartender ) could I have another , please ...? bartender hope you be not drive tonight . fran well , I hope I be drive tonight , and I run into some fuck abutment if that's what they 're call , and ( he give her a drink ) thank you ... ( she drink ) 32 . middle aged woman ... take it easy , baby ... stuff will eat you stomach lining ... fran yeah , but I get to drink it first ... ( she shake her head ) can I ask you something ... angle . on bella , sitting in the back of the bar , watching fran . he take out a polaroid camera and take a picture . waitress ( to bella , as she put down a drink next to he empty glass ) ... see anything you like ...? ext railroad overpass . day . a stationwagon , parked by the side of the road . angle int . bella and blane and pincus , in the stationwagon . blane hold a notepad , and be talking to bella , who be taking out a mobile phone . blane ( as he look at a polaroid picture of the woman we saw in the bar ) ( reading off the notepad ) ... what 's the woman 's name ...? bella croft. Betty Croft . blane ... and she 's on what shift ...? angle , on pincus , as he dial he number , and motion blane to be silent . he look at he watch . bella ( reciting ) she 's on the swingshift . she 's get two kid . she 's get a ulcer . Betty Croft ... ( to phone ) I get to report a bomb throat , I get to report , you have get a bomb in ... angle underneath the overpass . we see the highway about , and the stationwagon . 33. moore , wearing a hardhat , and carrying a clipboard , be pacing off the track . he glance at he watch . nods . keep pacing . he make a notation in he clipboard . angle moore , climbing the bank , up to the roadgrade , toward the stationwagon . angle , int the stationwagon . blane and bella . bella what 's the story on you pal ? blane he be bear , he suffer , he die . ( pause ) bella how long 's he be with the girl ? blane what business be it of yours ? bella how long 's he be with she ...? pincus how long be a chinaman 's name . ( pause ) bella can he do the thing ? blane he be do the thing before you be bear . bella well , you see , that 's what , that 's what trouble I . ( pause ) blane maybe you wanna pray about it . bella no , I be not a religious man . blane that 's a shame . who 's get the uniform ...? pincus ... I get they ... blane ... the rental truck ...? 34 . moore walk up to the car , and hold a conference , leaning in the window . he start to speak , and a plane scream over , he look up and pause . blane ( cont would ) whaddaya get ? moore I get to redo some of this figure . bella they work out on the plan , why all a sudden now , you ... moore because , lemme explain it to you : because when it start to go sour , someby 's gonna be pissing they shit , look and around , shoot someb 'y inna head , I would like to have a alternative idea , be the explanation . ( pause ) two police cruiser scream by , light flashing . blane and moore look at each other and nod . moore make a note on he clipboard . moore ( cont 'd ) one minute twenty second ... bella ... why should it go sour ? moore shake he head in disbelief . bella ( cont would ) no , no . no . teach I something : why should it go sour . be that such a stupid ...? ( pause ) moore y'ever cheat on a woman ? ( pause ) you girl , something ... ( pause ) stand she up ? bella ... what ...? moore D ' you ever do that ? bella yeah . moore when you call she up , d' you have a excuse ? 35 . bella yeah . moore what be she do not ask ? what be you alibi , a waste of time ? beat . moore walk away . bella what be that about ? blane well , you see , that 's why he 's run the crew , and you be somebody 's fucken nephew -- ( pause ) you do not do anything without : a diversion and a back - up plan . Wu 'un that you question ...? bella shrug . blane ( cont would ) now : why would you ask about he wife ...? pause . there be the screech of a train whistle . in the b.g. we see moore make a notation , and wave toward blane . in the stationwagon blane make a note on a clipboard , and wave back . in the b.g. we see moore beckone , and blane get out of the car . angle , ext , the overpass . blane and moore walking toward each other . moore look back toward bella , in the car . and look questioningly at blane . blane ( cont would ) yeah , he 's hold up . what be you ...? moore I find a hotwalker for he . blane ... Fran ...? moore well , it could be ... blane I do not mean to ' pry ' moore ... then do not pry . ( nods , gesture to the clipboard ) I have to redo the figure on the train ... then he sees something over blane's shoulder . 36 . angle , he Pov another cruiser , which brake , and slow down , to eye the stationwagon . angle on blane and moore moore ( cont would ) ( to himself . sotto ) do not move the car ... do not move the car ... blane ( who be turned away from the cruiser ) ... be he move the car ...? angle on the stationwagon , with bella putting it in gear , and moving it toward blane and moore . we see the police cruiser turn in , to CUT the two men off from the stationwagon . angle on moore and blane . as blane open he jacket to reveal a pistol in he waistband . we see moore shake he head minutely . angle . the police cruiser , rolling up between they and the stationwagon . a young trooper get out of the car . trooper walk toward they unbuttoning the safety SNAP on the holster . he look warily at bella and blane . angle , tight two on moore and blane . blane ( cont would ) ( to himself ) oh , maaan ... moore ( sotto ) be he get out of the car ...? blane turn . angle , he Pov the driver' door of the stationwagon open . angle bella getting out of the driver' door . he take a pistol from the seat beside he . angle 37 . blane and moore . blane nods to he . moore shake he head in disgust . he reach into he pant pocket and extract a mini - auto pistol the size of a half-a-deck of card . angle : INS : he cycle the action , jacking a shell into the chamber . he push past blane . moore walk up to the trooper , putting the hand with the mini - pistol in he pocket . moore hey : what the hell ...? what the hell ...? scuse I , scuse I , officer , we be spose to have a detail , do security for we ... blane take he by the arm . blane ... Bobby ...? ( moore pull away ) no , it 's no big deal , but we be stand out here ... trooper ... who do you ...? blane ( pulling moore away ) forget about ... moore no , it burn my butt ... we be out there , we be out there , side - of - the-road , workin ' on the highway , for ... ( to the trooper ) I know it 's not you , I be sorry , I know it 's not you , but ... trooper ... who do you ...? blane ... we boss talk to ... moore if this be the first time ... blane hey , forget about it , we will sort it out back at the office ... blane and moore walk away from the trooper . 38 . blane ( cont would ) ( sotto ) ( to moore ) ... he be not sure yet ... ( moore walk back to the trooper . ) he continue walking moore back toward the stationwagon . moore ( to the trooper ) I be sorry , I know it 's not you , but ... trooper hey , nothing to it . if ... moore but it 's not the first time ... we be spose to have police pro ... blane we will call from the office . ( to trooper ) he do not mean any offense ... he do not mean any offense . ( to moore , as he walk away ) ... the man 's only do he job ... moore brush blane's arm off . blane walk ahead of moore , get into the driver' seat . blane look in the rearview mirror . angle he Pov . moore walk away , and then , back to the trooper . angle on pincus and bella in the car we see bella looking in the rearview mirror . he start to reach inside he jacket , and extract a pistol . pincus put he hand on bella' arm . pincus ... keep it together ... keep it together ... bella ... can he cool the guy out ... pincus just pick up you clipboard , and make like you be write in it . bella izzit gonna be cool ...? 39 . pincus ... my motherfucker be so cool , when he go to bed , sheep count he ... angle ext the car . on moore and the trooper as blane get into the car . as moore , obviously apologizing , shake hand with the trooper , and then start to walk away . camera track with moore , as he take out a pack of cigarettes and a match . angle , INS . on he hand , as they shake so badly he can hardly light the cigarette . angle , int . the car . as moore get into the backseat . moore I be trina ... I be trina ... ( to bella ) you fucken lame , you want to leave I dead , th' whole crew , the side of the highway ? bella I ... moore you fucken cowboy , I oughta ( to moore ) tell I why I do not leave he out inna ditch somewh ... ( to pincus ) get we the fuck outtahere . pincus move behind the wheel , and the car begins to drive off . blane ( shrug shoulder ) hey , I vote we do ... moore ... put you down like the fucken dog you be ... you gonna come , shoot you way to stardom ? do not do any ... bella ... I only moore I do not want you to do anything unless and until ... we hit the City , ditch the car . bella ... I will ... moore you do it , you do it . ( pause ) you do it , pinky ... 40 . he wipe he hand over he moustache . take off he hardhat , and wipe the sweat from he brow . int boat repair shop night a spray of SPARKS from a welding unit . angle on moore , as he put up the shield on a welder' mask , wipe he brow , put the shield down again , and continue cutting with a acetylene torch on a large , industrial AIR - conditioning unit . angle in the b.g. a ryder rental truck . angle . on pincus and blane , as a long assembly table . blane hold a legal pad , and be making notation on it . he speak to pincus , as camera pan over the table , holding on blane's hand as he check the various prop . we see : a security guard uniform . a leather badgecase , holding a gold badge , several SMALL metal cannister , a toolkit , a utility belt holding tool . several walkie talkie . pincus and blane converse , v.o. pincus the thing of it be , the thing of it be , it 's a question of redistribution ... blane how 's that ? pincus the question : how do we get the money from there to here ... it 's just a question in logistic . blane " what be the robbing of a bank , compare with the founding of a bank ? " pincus who say that ? blane anybody ever apply for a loan . angle on the two , as blane hand the clipboard to pincus . pincus ( cont would ) ... load it up ? 41 . blane nods . they begin hauling these prop and supplies into the truck , and loading they into the " false " ( hollow ) engine . blane look out of the back of the truck . angle , he Pov . a car pull up outside the shed . bella get out . angle on bella , as he walk into the shed . he take out a envelope . angle , on blane , who open the envelope . to reveal cash inside . bella ... expense for the truck , and ... blane yeah , I get it . I get it . okay . bella walk off , as fran enter from the " live " area of the boatshed , holding two cup of coffee . fran start to OPEN her mouth , smiling , as he start to put down the cup of coffee , moore give her a infinitessimal shake of her head . and motion toward bella . fran nods in agreement , and , not breaking her stride , walk toward bella . bella ( to fran ) well , then ... fran ... that 's right . ( pause ) bella ... long time . ( pause ) fran ... that 's right . angle on moore , looking at they . angle , he Pov : bella and fran , in the b.g. , bella chatting fran up . angle on blane as he walk over to moore , at the welding station . he hand moore the envelope . blane the plan gonna work ? 42 . moore it 's gonna work if we make it work . how 's Fran do ? blane look like he maybe wantsa take she to the prom . moore smile , and nods . moore well , it 's always the pretty girl stay home , innit ? blane izzat what they say in the White Community ...? moore that 's what I hear . blane and I hear , if you get a goose , it keep the fox off the chicken . ( look at fran and bella ) what do that lady see in you , by the way ? moore I be very resilient . blane yeah , so 's gumby . moore I get a more strike profile . pincus walk up . he and blane walk across the shop floor , blane limp slightly . blane they be gonna leave that on the cut room floor , Buenos Aires . moore I never like the way I look anyway ... pincus ( as he look over he shoulder at fran and bella , sotto ) ... seem to be come along nicely . blane ( sotto ) my boy there , like to fertilize the Flowers . pincus ...how 's you leg ? 43. blane you should see the other guy ... pincus ( to moore ) ... when we do the switch , the highway ... moore shake he head , indicating bella . pincus ( cont would ) ...he can not hear ... moore ...he can not hear what you do not say ... pincus I be gonna be as quier as a ant pissing on cotton . moore fire up the torch , and begins cutting again . angle , in the b.g. fran and bella . blane walk pincus away from moore . blane ( sotto ) do not think it , baby . do not think it : do not be as quiet as a ant pissing on cotton , do not be quiet as a ant think about pissing on cotton . you be quiet as a ant not even think about pissing on cotton . there walk take they to bella and fran . fran be laughing . fran ... we friend be tell I " what make him a criminal ... " blane I will get the beer and pretzel . bella ... what make you a criminal ? blane nobody make I a criminal . I be a criminal . moore walk over . moore how we do ? he gather they around a table . blane how you do ? 44 . moore I be do . ( pause ) well , that 's it they . moore get up , camera take he to the ryder truck . he open the back , and we see he OPEN what appear to be the solid motor , which be revealed to be hinged and hollow . blane follows he , and hand he several firearm , which he secret in the hollow space . moore ( cont would ) you get the detonator ? bella hold up several putty colored package of plastique , which he take off of the table , bear the prop . bella ... din we check'em ? moore I know we check them . what I be do , I be . I be ask you a question . bella what happen to check it a forget it ? moore yeah , well , I go to the other camp , which be fuss it to death , and fuck it into a cocked hat , or do you want to run the show ...? pause . they exchange a look . bella walk away shaking he head . blane then we ready to go do it ? pincus I be ready to go do it , you know why ? I never like the swiss in any case . you know why ? they make that little clock , two cocksucker come out of they , little hammer , hit each other on the head . ( pause ) what kind of sick mentality be that ? angle , on blane and bella , as bella look over at moore . angle . on bella , as he walk over to fran . they both look back at moore , who be loading up the truck . bella Z'he gonna hold up ? 45 . fran why would you put a man in a position , he 's get no way out ? bella what be that , you philosophy ? fran that 's right . bella ... what be it to you ? fran ...he 's my husband . bella whose fault be that , you wanna think about it ? listen :... moore ( in the b.g. ) I ... angle , on bella , as he turn . bella ... you gonna make a impassion speech ? moore yeah : let 's go get the money . blane ( to bella and pincus ) you clean the place down , n'y ' thing will burn , burn it ... , nobody 's come back here , nothing that we need , do not leave it f'somebody else . pincus light a FIRE in a 55 gallon drum . angle , on moore , as he walk to the front of the shed , and look out at he boat . fran come up behind he . fran Z'it gonna work ? moore it 's either gonna be a monumental heist , or a real amusing anecdote . ( pause ) fran ... I love you , Joe ... moore why ? 46 . fran you know why ? because you be thorough . moore I hope to tell you ... she turn to walk back into the shed . he turn to look at her . in the b.g. we see pincus feeding paper into the flame . angle . ext the boatshed , on the group , blane moore , pincus and bella , as they walk toward there car . pincus be on the phone in the b.g . ( on a cellphone ) moore stop to look at he boat . bella you gonna miss it ? moore what ? bella you boat ? moore well , it 's a nice boat . bella hey , baby , after this job , you be go have enough money , make this look like a Boat inna bathtub . moore that 's right . pincus goe toward moore excitedly . moore ( cont would ) ... what be it ? pincus ... they find the car . moore ... what car ? pincus ... the car we use at the overpass . the cop find it , I hear it on the police band . moore ... they find it , how would they find it ? I tole you to it ? I tole you to ditch it in ... pincus I , I . I stop off to see my niece , I ... 47 . moore do you wipe it down ...? blane you sonofabitch , what do you mean , you stop off to see you ... moore do you wipe it down ...? bella ... what do this do to the job ...? blane man , you di not wipe it down , they be gonna be on you , they be gonna be on all of we ... bella ... what about the job ...? ( pause ) moore the job stand ... pincus ... I be sorry , Joe . moore shut up . the job stand . ( he look around ) this joint be burnt . blane ( to bella ) come with I ... moore meet at the overpass . bella ... the job stand ...? moore the meet at the overpass . the 14th ... pincus joe. joey , I ... moore get he out of here . pincus ... I do not see how they could of find the car ... blane start moving bella over to a car . 48 . bella ( as he get into a car ) you go on ... we see bella and blane , in two separate car , begin to drive off . we see moore , in foreground , begin to walk back toward the boatshed , and pincus , imploring , hanging on he arm . angle , tight on pincus and moore . pincus Joe . Joe , I swear to God . I swear to God , I ... be they go ...? moore ( look over pincus shoulder ) they be go . pincus well , then , you get go , too . moore ... that 's right . beat . they embrace . moore take out the money envelope . pincus you take care , pally . moore you get he cut to Bobby ...? ( pincus nods ) pincus you gonna be okay ? moore I be okay now . pincus ( of the envelope ) yeah ? what do you do for cash ? moore ... we be take down the Boat guy . pincus you be take down the boat guy ... moore that 's right . pincus that 's you case money ... 49 . moore it 's enough , get we away ... pincus and then aloha . moore that 's right . ( pause ) pincus S 'a shame , you know what , we di not get a chance , actually do the thing . the swiss job . at 's a beautiful plan . moore so be World War one . pincus ...no , it 's a beautiful plan , Joe . you be the maestro . moore yeah , well , it 's all in a lifetime ... pincus izzat so ? moore that 's what they tell I . ( pause ) pincus see you , Joe . moore I will send you a papaya . pincus they be good for digestion . moore say good - bye to you niece . pincus pinch moore on the cheek . they embrace . pincus ( cont would ) Joe , you be the motengator . moore cute , huh ? pincus ... cute as a pail full of kitten ... 50 . pincus get into he car . moore check he watch , and get into he car . camera follows moore onto he boat , where we see he begin casting off line . int the boat cabin we hear a thump . on the deck . moore look up . camera take moore up onto the deck , where fran have place a large suitcase . moore take it down into the cabin . fran follows . moore I would of do that . fran no , I be the Frontier wife . moore ... that 's right ... fran you ready to go ? moore soon as we get the money . call the guy . get we the money ... fran take out a cell phone . moore shake he head . moore ( cont would ) landline . he come up on the deck . angle moore and fran , on the deck , walking toward the marina . fran you will miss the guy . moore buncha Old Men , talkin ' about Old touches ... fran ... that 's right ... moore cuttin up Old touches , th'time so and so oversleep . you know what ...? fran no , but you do . 51 . moore then I will tell you what , be pee ess , if my name 's on the thing , then whose fault be it in the first place , we be have , fight we way back to even . fran well . you have be kick yourself some ... moore ... that 's right . camera take they up into the live quarter . moore goe through the drawer of a desk . as fran pick up a phone and dial . moore ( cont would ) in a contest of cun , a stupid person will get the better of a smart one every time ... who say that ...? fran you do , baby ... moore well . help I remember it , huh ...? fran ... that 's right ... ( pause ) moore you know , we be goin ' down there with nothing ... fran we will get the boat money ... moore ... yeah ? fran that 's enough to start over . moore be it enough for you ...? fran the Lord hate a coward ... ( she react to the telephone ) ( to phone ) Mr. Mr. fletcher -- Mr. Robert fletcher ... well , do you ... he ask I to call he back at ... thank you ... ( to moore ) how you do ? moore I be about ready to go South . 52 . fran South we go , baby . moore ... that 's right . fran ( looking around ) you set to walk away from it ? moore hey , I get you , what do I care ...? fran ( on phone ) hello mr... moore ( sotto ) smile at the man , tell im cash , I be come to get the money . right now ... find out where he ... ( fran nods ) fran hello , Mr. fletcher , I ... this be Fran , from ... yes , I be sorry to ... you give I this number . on you ccc ... yes , I be ... well , no , yes , I will be glad to call back Monday , but we be not go to have a boat ... but we , we just have a situation where , if , no , I realize that , Sir , I do not want to keep you from you pl ... I be call , because you tell I that ... well , it could wait till Monday , but we have another buyer interested in the bbb ... angle , on moore , nodding he encouragement to he . fran ( cont would ) I be call to say that if , if you want to make a cash , a immediate cash deal , at the figure which ... well , thank you , sir , that be exactly my attitude . she smile and nods at moore , he smile back . fran ( cont would ) Superior ... well : she look to moore for direction . moore ( sotto ) tell he what he need to hear . she offer the phone to moore , who shake he head " no . " 53. fran ( to phone ) could , you , could you , hold ... she cover the mouthpiece . moore Flirt with the guy . fran ( covering the mouthpiece , to moore ) no problem . can we meet he at his Bank . moore Superior . you get the address . when ? fran ( to moore ) I catch he go out of town , he ... he want to meet next ... moore right now . right now , tell he we get another buyer , we ... angle . she look over moore' shoulder . angle xcu fran looking frightened . angle her Pov over moore , he sees something over her shoulder . motion her to keep talking . angle moore Pov . over her shoulder , through a plateglass window , into the shed , into the dark machineshop / foundry area of the boatyard . a dark form , a man moving . angle on fran , as she begins to lower the phone , as she look at moore . angle , on moore , as he leave the bedroom area through a backdoor . angle fran , on the phone . fran ( cont would ) ...hello ... hello ...? angle on moore , go out the back door , gesture her to move away from the window . 54 . angle , on fran , as she continue talking , moving out of the shot . angle on the phone cord jack , in the wall , as it pull out of the wall . angle on moore climbing down a improvised stairway - ladder , to the level of the boatyard , in the b.g. , we see fran , still talking on the phone , moving out of the window . angle moore , moving through the machineshop area , past several motor and marine transmission , hung from the ceiling on hoist . angle the form of the man , silhouetted in the light from the OPEN shed door , leading to the marina . angle , on moore coming up behind the man , moore look out of the shed , checking for the presence of other . he turn back , and come up behind the man in the shadow . moore ... would you move into the light ...? no , do not turn around . just move into the light ... angle from the front , the man move forward , and we see it be bella , the young man from bergman' office . angle from the rear , we see bella walk forward to a glassed office area . we see he reflection , and , behind it , moore' reflection . we see moore stick a pistol back into the waistband of he pant . moore ( cont would ) what do you want ? ( pause ) what be you , the Social service Lady ? ( pause ) bella ... I ... moore ... what do you , come to take the baby back ...? he motion he forward , into the office area . moore follows he and turn on the light . 55 . moore ( cont would ) what do you want ? bella walk to a worktable . angle : on moore , as he exchange a look with fran . bella I forget my copy of the plan . ( pause ) moore how about that . ( he look at bella and then at fran ) ( pause ) bella you get to do the job , Joe . ( pause ) lookit I like I be you good angel . you can not walk away from it . angle , as moore look at fran . fran ( on phone ) hello ... hello ...? moore ... try he back ... fran ...hello ...? angle , on fran , as she follows down the cord , to where it have pulled out of the wall . moore ... call he back ... in the b.g. fran redial the phone . bella you get to do the job ... moore hold on , here ... ( he walk over to fran . ) fran ( on phone ) Mr. fletcher . I ... I be just talk with he . I ... well , can you give I that number ...? well , can you be ... can you reconnect mmm ... ( pause ) I ... I see . 56 . she hang up . she and moore exchange a look . she shake her head . moore walk back down toward bella . moore Di not you just make yourself dispensable ? bella you get to do the job . can you shoot I and walk away from it ? you know they will kill you . moore you my self - help program ...? moore turn to look at fran , who shake her head . bella you go shoot I , go on the run , with nothing ? with that pretty little thing ? moore that would be my wife . bella be that so ? moore that 's correct . bella what do she see in you , anyway ? bella turn to look at fran . bella ( cont would ) ... you must be hang like man of War ... moore lunge for he and grab he by the throat . moore you wanna play the dozen . here you go : they call , there be a bookkeeping error at the Hospital , you die at birth . you turn ... fran Joe , leave he ... moore eh ? cat get you tongue ? you wanna make peace . fran ... Joe moore do not you know when a man 's whipped , for chrissake ? 57 . moore walk back toward he wife . he make a " telephone " gesture , and look a question at her . moore ( cont would ) ... the boat guy ? fran ... slip off . moore call he back . ( pause ) get he back . fran ...he 's go . ( pause ) I be sorry , Joe . moore ( to bella ) get up . bella what be you gonna do . moore I be gonna be Don ameche in a taxi , honey . ( pause ) get up . bella ... and what ? moore get out . ( pause ) get out . beat . bella retreat . moore look at fran . moore ( cont would ) you wanna tell I what I be go to do ...? ( pause ) fran I ... moore wave her off , as if to say , " i'm thinking ... " int dark boxing gym night . a young fighter hitting the heavy bag . in the dark gym . he look around . angle , he Pov . 58 . moore , moving through the dark gym . angle int . SMALL equipment room . angle INS . a doorknob . a SMALL pile of quarter resting on the top . the knob turn , and the quarter fall off , clatter onto the floor . angle int the room . blane , in he underwear , coming off of a cot . he throws off a blanket revealing a SMALL shotgun , which he level at the door . angle the door , swinging OPEN , no one beyond . we hear moore' voice . moore it 's I , put it away . angle on moore , as he walk into the room . to confab with blane . blane ... the fuck you do , sneaking in on a man , middle of the moore nods , half -close the door . angle ext the gym . semi -industrial area . fran , stand by the gy door . several SMALL child playing under a streetlight . angle on fran , as she come into the gym , and stand , watching the boxer , who be go back to hitting the heavy bag . he turn to look at her . boxer what you doin here ? fran well , you know , I be with my friend ... boxer I do not see nobody else here ... fran no , that 's right ... angle , on her , Pov . 59 . moore and blane , through the half opened door , as blane finishes dressing . blane baby , you shuunt be on the street , the first place ... moore ... what 's the move ...? blane the move be : ( pause ) the move be we get to get the gold . blane move out of the room . we find he and moore on the second floor rickety balcony overlooking the SMALL gym below . we see fran below moore and blane come down the stair . they meet fran . and blane start drive they in through a SMALL door . angle int garage . blane turn on the light to reveal a SMALL filthy garage . a old rusted pickup truck , one wheel gone , up on a jack . streetlight coming in through dirty windowpane set in the garage door . as they enter there be a noise outside , moore flinch . blane ( cont would ) ... kid on the street . always kid on the street . they move to a bench . where blane start filling a percolator from a utility sink . moore sit on some old , discarde boxing equipment--a disassembled set of pipe , which still hold a old , rotten , leather " heavybag . " moore I can not go for the gold till I can see how to get it home ... blane well , then , we just get to think a little harder . fran ( as she enter the room . ) yes . that 's right . blane the nephew do not come back , the first place , you be down on the tropic Isle . ( pause ) you shoulda leave he on the side of the road . 60 . moore uh huh ... why would you leave he the plan ? blane why would I leave he what ? moore why would you leave he the plan ? blane what ...? moore he forget he " cheat sheet . " s' why he come back . blane yeah , no , he di not forget he cheatsheet , cause I get it right here . ( he rummage in the gymbag , and produce several SMALL folder ) what be 'I , go to go leave papers in the hand of some lame ? be you kid I ...? he say what ? moore he say that 's why he come back . fran he come back for I ( pause . they turn to look at her . ) he come back to make sure I be okay . ( pause ) I know he from before . moore well , hell , for the luvva god , we be go to do something , let 's do it . okay . okay : Fran : fran yes . moore you want to suit up ? fran ... that 's right . blane what 's the shot ? moore ( to fran ) you get to kiss ring . 61 . fran ... you point I . int lower middle CLASS tract house kitchen night . shot from the kitchen into a SMALL hallway . pincus , kissing goodnight to a little girl , the little girl mother come into the shot , and lead her off . the little girl wear a bathrobe . angle on pincus as he come into the kitchen . angle , he Pov moore , sitting at the kitchen table , blane next to he , a cup of coffee ahead of he , staring down at some sheet of paper . pincus sit down , and pick up a legal pad . pause . moore pick up a phone , listen for " dialtone , " replace it . moore ( of the plan in front of he ) what be we forget ...? blane how do we get away with the gold ? moore oh yeah . ( pause ) pincus Robert the Bruce . watched this spider , try , three hour , to spin this web ... moore uh huh ... pincus til finally ... moore yeah ? pincus he succeed . ( pause ) blane that 's the worst story I have ever hear . angle , on moore , as he sit thinking , with pincus and blane in the b.g. 62 . pincus ( shrug ) and it give he the idea . to conquer Scotland . blane I do not get the connection . moore look at he watch . the phone ring . moore pick up the phone . moore ( to phone ) put he on . int mansion night . the sumptuous study of bergman' house . bergman , in robe and pyjamas . a bodyguard in a suit , bella , and fran . the bodyguard pass the phone to bergman . bergman ( to phone ) be you fucken with I ? be you fucken with I , or be you do fucken with I ? because I have just " financialized " the problem , and you have just become more trouble than you be worth . ( pause ) she say you be gonna do the job . you say that before , why now ? what be it , all a sudden ...? ( pause ) everyone need money . that 's why they call it " money ... " ( pause ) well , let I add this sweetener . you do the job . you do the job , r'else I turn you over , I drop a fucken dime on you , you be so hot , I on'y get to dial five digit . how strict be that ? how strict be that , you fucken lame ? ... I be sorry that I have to speak this way , in front of a woman ... be it not for who , I would waste you fucken ass . you say you be goin ' the job ? do the job , you be do with the charade . save you bold move for the brilliant player . ( he hang up ) ( to fran ) I be sorry for my language . fran well , it 's only word . bergman that 's absolutely right . bergman motion bella to he side , they walk into a kitchen area with fran in the b.g . 63. bergman ( cont would ) ( to bella . sotto ) you be in my position , what do you do ? ( pause ) what do she tell you ? bella he 's scared . bergman I have never know he scared . bella she say he 's get old . bergman ... she say that ... bella he 's break . he 's make . the cops're look for he . he do not want to go out there with nothing . ( pause ) she say that he will do the job . bergman ... she do ... bella ...she ... ( he hesitate ) bergman ... please ... bella I think , the thing , she come to plead for he . bergman ... she do . she come to plead for he ? bella I think so . bergman the sonofabitch screw I once , he 's go screw I again . why , why , why would she think that I would believe she ? bella she come to I ... bergman to you . ( pause ) ah. 64 . bella ...yes . bergman he put she up , to come to you . bella I think she come to I on she own . ( pause ) bergman well , no , but as rational Men , do not we have to " doubt " she ? bella she think the guy 's weak , he 's scared , she 's scared , I think she 's sincere . bergman then , let I put a question to you : you have the job ... you have the job ... how would you test she sincerity ...? angle on fran . as bergman and bella reemerge . bergman ( cont would ) okay , we be all on one team , all array against a common enemy ? thank you for come , I be a old man , I be go to bed ... bella ( to fran ) I be go to see you back . ( he take her by the arm . ) angle ext the mansion , various car parked in the circular driveway . bella walk fran to her car . he start to get in . fran I will be alright ... bella ( as he walk over to her side of the car ) hey , you be alright now ... he grab her and goe into a clinch . she resist for a moment , camera pan they as bella take her beyond the driveway toward a poolside cabana . int pincus' kitchen dawn . leaned back against the wall . blane asleep at he chair . pincus playing solitaire . moore sitting . hold . moore kick the chair , so that blane come forward , and awake . 65 . moore ... get I the name of a freight forwarder . blane ... what ? moore ...a freight forwarder . ( he throws he a yellow page ) okay . alright . as blane look through the yellow page moore grill pincus . moore ( cont would ) ... what 's the Lady 's name ? pincus ... Mrs. Croft . moore what do we chat she up about ? pincus she be active in the church choir . she have have she job for sixteen year . last time I see she , she have stomach problem ... what 's the response time on the tow truck ...? blane average , forty five minute . moore ( shake head ) too quick ... ( pause ) on the day . half hour before the thing , call up , three false breakdown call . keep them busy . pincus ... that 's right ... moore you get to givvem breakdown call on actual vehicle , which mean you will have to go to the rental ... angle , on pincus , looking at he as if to say " do you think you're playing with child ...? " blane ( as he look through the yellow page ) what , what kind of " freight do you want to ... " 66 . moore ( as he take out he pad and pencil and begins to draw ) ) ... look here : int poolside cabana day . fran and bella , finishing dressing . bella ... and how 's he get he share away ...? fran ... what difference , you be go to screw it out of he anyway ... bella ... what be you tell I ...? fran shake her head and start out of the cabana . bella follows her . int boatshed day moore be applying " skin , " ( i.e. removable covering ) to the side of a van , advertising it as the van of a security company . blane arrive , carrying several uniform , in plastic , dry cleaners wrap . moore ... take the wrapper off , hang they in the air , get the dryclean smell out . he look up as fran and bella enter . moore ( cont would ) ... where have you be ...? bella ... tucking Betty Croft in ... blane what 's she , out all night party ...? bella she 's a wild , wild woman ... ( he hand moore a polaroid , he take at the bar . ) moore ( as he take the photo , and study it . ) alright , then . no hard feeling ...? bella ... last thing in the World ... angle , c.u. moore , looking at fran . 67 . fran come over toward moore , who be holding a yellow pad . fran ... I ... moore ... I do not give a fuck . the only thing be : get the gold . get the gold , baby . get the gold . they be not gonna pay for yardage ... he look down . angle , INS . he Pov the yellow legal pad , with the sketch of the railroad overpass . dissolve to : ext the railroad underpass . night . angle INS : a man' hand , in workglove , hold the sketch of the underpass , cover in figure . angle : moore , in workclothes , walking down from underneath the underpass , to the level of the track . he turn and look up at the underside of the vault . angle on the track . moore walk into the shot , pacing off step down the track . angle . in the scrub alongside the bank , he walk up and sit next to a black nylon backpack . he check he watch . ext railroad overpass night . a SMALL truck , it's side painted to advertise a security company , goe over the overpass . angle int the truck . bella and , blane , dressed in coverall , advertising a security company . angle , int the truck . blane , looking out of the window . bella , chewing gum , take out the pack , and begins chewing another piece . blane ... you feel ? 68 . bella I be fine ... blane sometimes , th'drenaline , hit you , give you the shake ... bella I be alright . blane I be say , some people , adrenaline , give them the shake ... some people , mistake it for cowardice ... ( pause ) bella I be fine . he take out a scapular , hold it , and say a SMALL prayer he look over at blane . blane ... nothing wrong with prayer . ( pause ) bella ... you think so ...? blane I be in this firefight ? one time ? motherfucker , always carry a bible , next to he heart . and we use to mock he . but that bible stop a bullet . bella no shit . blane my hand to god . that bible , stop a bullet , would have ruin that fucker 's heart . ( pause ) and have he have another bible , in front of he face , that man would be alive today . what time you get ? bella five eighteen . blane ... make the call . bella take out a cellphone and dial . bella ( on phone ) hello ? I have , hello ? ( more ) 69 . bella ( cont would ) I have get one of you truck ...? the , the engine quit on I ... hello ? yeah , the ... , I get a delivery I have to ... from when ? well , it 's twenty after fi ... I be on , where be I ? I be on industrial and two - oh-seventh , well , you truck 's dead ... angle , ext the truck . the truck stop at the overpass . blane hop out . angle . in the scrub . alongside the bank . the black backpack moore left earlier . blane pick it up . camera pan he back toward the overpass . angle INS . inside the span of the stone overpass . a SMALL electronic looking device . blane's hand come into the frame , holding it . he affixe it to the stone , flip a switch . a redlight begins to glow on the device . angle ext the security truck at the side of the road , by the overpass . blane , running back toward the truck . angle int the security truck . bella ( cont would ) ( on phone ) to fix the ... blane get into the truck blane ... let 's go ... bella ( on phone ) ... would you do that ? thank you ... angle ext . the truck . pulling out into the road . int commuter train coach . dawn . a old tire conductor walking down the aisle . past a sleeping businessman . the businessman walk , to reveal it be moore . he stretch , look out the window . and walk back in the car , holding he briefcase . angle int . the lavatory . moore enter , he take a SMALL BOX from he briefcase , turn a dial , and affixe it to the ceiling . 70 . ext suburban station dawn . the train slowing down . moore alight from the last car , a stationwaton pull up from the empty parking lot , moore walk toward it . int a bank of phone day pincus , in a business suit . stand by what appear to be a large sample case , waiting at a bank of phone . he look at he watch . ext airport departure driveway . the stationwagon pull up . fran drive , and moore riding . he get out , wearing coverall . moore look down at the polaroid picture we saw earlier . angle on a coffeetruck parked outside a employee's entrance . a fortyish woman in a security guard uniform be drinking coffee , one of a number of airport employees . woman ( mrs . croft ) ...of my ulcer -- Doctor say it 's ... it be not the caffeine , but the acid in the coffee that ... angle on moore , walking up to the woman . he consult a piece of paper . moore Mrs. Croft ? ( pause ) Betty Croft ...? mrs . croft ( somewhat surprised ) yes ? moore ( as she draw her aside ) my name be ... could I see some identification , please ? my name be Wilson , I be with the f.a.a . could I see you badge , please ? mrs . croft take out a employees badge and slip it to her uniform . mrs . croft ... just come to work ... moore I understand . ... I believe we have meet before , on my last ...? ( more ) 71 . moore ( cont would ) ( he check her name against a list on a clipboard . he take out a badge and show it to her . ) ... you be on Gate twenty - one this morning ? mrs . croft ... that be correct , Sir . moore we will be conduct a Security check . I will be come through the metal detector in ( he check he watch ) approximately ten minute . I will be quote armed , and carry a toolkit in which be hide three potentially lethal or dangerous item . this be a test of the security personnel and of the apparatus under you control . now . I must caution you that , from that time to this you will be under covert surveillance , and should you attempt to communicate mrs . croft I would not ... moore ( shrug ) ... you have be warn . now : the guard under you supervision will be grade on the follow : angle , int the airport concourse . pincus , dressed as a security guard . stand by a bank of phone . a young mother with a child come up to ask direction of he . he direct they , and touch he hat , and they move off . angle ext , airport drivethrough . at the stationwagon . moore leans in , and take a large toolcase out of the back . in the b.g. we see mrs . croft . still stand by the coffeetruck . fran look up . fran here they come . moore look in the rearview mirror . angle he Pov the security truck , pulling into the drivethrough area . angle fran and moore . as fran look out of the window . 72 . fran ( cont would ) where 's the girl ...? moore look around . moore ... yeah ... okay ... okay ... it 's okay . angle on moore , as he walk to the security gate . angle , he Pov . the security walkthrough . a metal detector , a guard seated at a console . moore look around . he look at he watch . he turn back out toward the STREET . angle . he Pov . the security truck . pulling up . angle on moore . as he walk toward the coffeetruck . moore ( cont would ) ( to the coffeeman ) what happen to Betty ? Betty Croft ...? coffeeman hey , I do not know ... she ... moore gimme a cuppacoffee . angle on moore as he take the coffee around the side of the coffeetruck . he put it up on the hood . he scan the area . the security truck be getting closer . moore ( cont would ) ( to coffeeman ) gimme one of that ... ( moore point ) the coffeeman hand moore a SMALL object . moore take a wrapped package out of he pocket . angle INS . 73. we see it be a foil wrapped condom packet . moore take out the condom . moore turn away from the coffeetruck . angle INS . moore dig in he pocket and take out a very SMALL automatic pistol . he put the pistol in the condom , and tie it shut , he drop the condom into the steaming coffee . he start toward the security gate . angle on moore , carrying a case of tool , as he walk to a employee's entrance , several employees in work wear , streaming in . moore take a employee's badge , and affixe it to he collar . angle int security shed . employees streaming through the metal detector . moore put he steaming coffee on top of the machine , and pass through . security guard . ...up early or up late . moore ( of the coffee ) not up at all , till I get that down ... security guard . I hear that . moore where 's the , uh , where 's the girl 's usually here , you supervisor ? they lett and you play all ? they lett and you play all by yourself ? security guard . na , she 's get this stomach thing . least little ... moore uh huh ... security guard . ... least little thing , set she off ... moore stand waiting for he case of tool to come through the X - ray machine . moore pick it up , and goe back to take he coffee , and start out of the door , into the airport . he leave he case behind he . angle ext the airport drive -through . 74 . we see the stationwagon pulling out , as , in the b.g. , we see the security truck pulling into the arrival area . angle in the stationwagon , as fran look down at her watch . angle pincus , at the bank of phone , he doe the same , as he talk on the phone . pincus ( to phone ) I have to inform you we have place three bomb ... Three bomb . Inside you facility . he hand up the phone and camera at a baggage handling area show he go into a men' room . moore retrieve the pistol from he coffeecup . he start back toward the security area . as he walk he take apart the flashlight hanging in the utility belt at he waist , he remove a SMALL cannister from the battery area . angle int passenger concourse . pincus , coming out the men' room , wearing the uniform of a guard . as he come out of the door , we see he have left he utility case behind . angle int the security shed . the guard turn , as moore reenter . angle on moore , to show he hold the pistol down along one thing , that he hold the cannister along the other . moore ...how tired I be , I leave my ... ( he gesture at the toolcase he have left behind ) the guard turn to make a joke . moore walk up to he , and display the SMALL pistol . moore please tell I the code for the main gate . guard ( looking at the pistol ) who the hell d' you think you be kid with that lll ... moore shoot the pistol toward the guard foot . 75 . moore please tell I the code . angle in the concourse . pincus , dressed as a guard , extract a SMALL shim from a leather holder . he start toward a security door . a airline employee in uniform enter before he . as he start toward the door , there be a explosion behind he , and smoke fill the hall . pincus ...hold that door ... hold that door ... the airline employee hold the door OPEN and pincus enter . int security shed , day . moore be glancing at the video display . we see on one of the display , the security truck turning to enter the security gate area . angle on moore , as he disconnect the video , and we see the screen go blank . he turn to show pincus , coming into the shed behind he . we hear on the loudspeaker . loudspeaker attention ... attention , we have a code four , and a Fire . I repeat , a code four , and a Fire , at ... angle on the security truck , as the gate swing OPEN , and it enter the security area . angle on pincus , as he take a seat at the security console . and moore get onto the slow moving security truck . we see the security gate close behind it . ext airport day . the tail of a plane with a huge swiss cross as part of its logo . camera pan to show it be a cargoplane , marked aerohelvetica . angle int the cockpit , aerohelvetica cargo plane . the pilot be conversing with someone on the radio . he speak english with a foreign accent . 76 . pilot ... clearance for ... ( beyond , on the tarmac , we see the security truck coming toward the plane . ) ... yes. aero , 294 . request permission to take the active ... ( pause . he listen . nods ) aero 294 for runway two -six . ( to he CO - pilot , in german ) let 's get out of here ... angle , int the commuter car lavatory . the SMALL device affixed to the ceiling . angle ext the overpass . we see a train approaching in the distance . angle the SMALL electronic device on the underside of the stone arch . we see the light go from steady red to blinking red . angle the overpass . as the train approach . the arch explode . angle the cab of the train . as the engineer sees the arch crumbling before he . angle the train slowing down , brake screeching . angle in the lavatory , as the device explode . angle ext the train , to show the train slowing , and the last car spout flame . camera crane up to show the train stop . just below a bank of landing light , and , beyond , be the airport . angle int the jet cockpit the jet be taxiing , and , in the b.g. , we see the flame from the burning commuter train car . CO - pilot ( in german ) ... what the hell be that ...? 77 . the pilot motion " keep quiet . " he put he hand to he earphone . and listen . pilot affirmative . 294 , to return to Area a ( pause ) 294 . ( to copilot ) back to the barn ... he look down . angle he Pov the security truck , come alongside , and keep station with the moving plane . we see , from the pilot Pov , moore , in the truck , motioning , " back to the gate . " angle on the pilot pilot ( cont would ) ( to himself ) ... yes . we understand ... he sigh . and motion to the CO - pilot , who proceeds back into the cargo area . camera take he past several large crate marked " machine part " to hywest foundry , past several large metal container . to the cargo door . we see the plane jolt to a stop . the CO - pilot enter a code in a panel near the door . and the door slide OPEN to reveal the security truck below , and two men getting out of it . angle on the tarmac . moore , in a security uniform , hoist himself up onto the hood of the car , and into the cargo door . angle on blane and bella , below , bella start to follow moore . blane restrain he . blane ... stick with the program . stick with the program ... angle . int the cargoplane . on moore , as he walk past the crate of machine tool and the unmarked metal crate , toward the cockpit . angle . int the cockpit . as the pilot turn around . as moore enter . 78 . moore ... we have a report of ... pilot yes , we be get it over the radio ... moore take a SMALL baton from he belt and clout the pilot and then the copilot with it . blane move up to he . take a roll of gafftape from he belt , and begins binding the two men to there seat , first gagging they with the tape . moore ... make sure they be breathe ... angle . in the cargo area . on blane . beyond he we see moore stand over the two sprawled form of the pilot and the CO - pilot . angle on moore , as he remove a key from the neck of the CO - pilot , and walk back to moore , they OPEN one of the metal case . angle , int the metal case . it be filled with large ingot cover in burlap . moore hand OPEN one to reveal it be gold . the gold ingot be stamped credit national do geneve . angle on moore . as he detach a SMALL conveyor from the interior of the cargo area , and lower it down to the back of the security truck . angle in the security truck . bella , accept the conveyor . the belt of the conveyor begins to move , and the cover ignot to descend down the slide . angle . on bella as he uncover one of the ingot , to reveal it be gold . blane drop down next to he . blane ... let 's get with it ... he and bella move to the huge engine held in the body of the truck . they pivot it OPEN , and begin to fill the empty interior with the cover bar . angle int the cargoplane . moore loading the cover ingot onto the conveyor . he look at he watch . int security shed day . 79 . on pincus , dressed as a security guard . as he lug the unconscious guard across the floor , and into a lavatory . he close the door , and start back toward he position at the security console . as he start back , two state troopers pull up in there cruiser . at the MAIN gate . they honk the horn . angle , on pincus , as he proceeds out to they . we see one of the policemen be holding he badgeholder out of the window , toward the video camera . pincus walk up to the car . trooper get the gate open ... pincus ( as he make a notation on a clipboard ) I get to take down you badge no ... trooper ( as he gesture at the videocamera ) I be holdin ' it up to the damn ... pincus ... the video 's out . he start back toward the security shed . one of the troopers follows . trooper ( in car ) get the gate open ...? angle int the security shed . pincus coming back in , followed by the other trooper . trooper ( cont would ) can we get the gate open ...? pincus you be look at I do it ... pincus punch number into the board , and we see the gate swing OPEN beyond they . the trooper , in the b.g. start to OPEN the door to the lavatory . trooper ... who 's be through here ...? pincus well I . I can tell you who 's ... trooper ( as he walk toward the lavatory ) gimme a list of any ... 80 . pincus I put it on , it 's all on the computer , and the computer go down ... the trooper start to OPEN the door to the lavatory pincus ( cont would ) ( scream ) do not touch the door . for godsake . do not touch the door -- di not you hear , on the rrr ... one guy , get he arm blow off , the bombsquad say not to ... angle , ext , the tarmac moore in the cargoplane . look around . haul up the conveyor , punch a button on the control panel , the hatch start to close . angle ext the plane . on the tarmac , the truck . we see , interior . bella and blane , swinging close the hollow engine , they pull the rear door of the truck close . as moore join they , in the cab of the truck . angle int the cab of the truck . blane , hold up a walkie talkie , which be spout security update . he nods at moore to say " I think we be alright . " angle , there Pov the security gate ahead of they . the trooper' cruiser parked inside of it . blocking the exit . angle the three men in the truck . beat . moore ( to bella , who be drive ) honk the horn . ( pause ) ... what be I tell you ...? bella honk the horn , tentatively . angle , there Pov the troopers , one in the car , one inside the security area , talking with pincus . angle inside the truck . as moore leans over and leans on the horn . angle 81 . the trooper in the car sigh , and pull he car up , so that the truck can pass . angle ext the security shed . as pincus move past the trooper , to the truck , which be moving through the security area . pincus ( to the trooper ) would you please , would you please ...? ( to the truck ) Excuse I . Excuse I ... no one be to leave this ... blane ( calling out of the truck ) ... would you get out of the way ...? pincus I be try to do my job , I be ( appealing to the police officer ) I be a , like you , just like you , I be try to do my sworn ... angle , on pincus , as he sees something , in the police cruiser . angle he Pov . tape to the visor of the police cruiser . INS . of a shot of moore ( a photo taken from and which we recognize as taken in the video at the jewelry store , i.e. , moore looking up at the videocamera . ) angle , on pincus , looking at the shot . he wipe he forehead . and continue talking to the troopers while he pass a infinitesimal " get out of here ... " signal toward the security truck . angle in the truck . as they drive through the gate . blane do not look back ... do not look back ... bella how 's he ... how be he ...? blane well , that 's just gonna have to be as it be ... ( he take out a cellphone and dial as he speak . ) ( into phone ) I get a break down truck , excuse I , I call , could I speak to you supervisor please ...? I get one of you truck , engine failure , I call first at five , five twenty , this ... this be my forth call ... right outside the Airport . ( more ) 82. blane ( cont would ) ( pause ) industrial and 2 - 0 - seventh , I ... yes , thank you . I be a attorney ... could I have you name please ...? could I have you name , please , because I be go to have to speak to you supervisor ... angle on moore , as he steal a glance back at pincus . angle he Pov on pincus , talking with the two troopers . int the cargoplane day the three metallic crate OPEN , pan past the " machine part " crate , onto the two men in the cockpit . the pilot start to stir , groggily . angle ext on the van as it come onto a SMALL access road . we see there airport in the b.g . angle ext the stationwagon , driven by fran , pulling into the arrival area . she drive slowly by the security gate . angle her Pov in the b.g. we see pincus still talking to the troopers . angle on pincus , as he steal a glance at he watch . he look up . angle he Pov in the b.g. , fran , drive the stationwagon slowly . angle , int , the security station . one of the troopers get a call on the walkie - talkie . trooper ( into the walkie ) four nine , go . ( pause ) where ...? oh shit ... he hurrie out to the car . he turn back , toward pincus . trooper ( cont would ) ( calling ) aerohelvetica . cargo ...? 83. pincus Bay five . go left. Bay five ... we see the troopers in the car hurry off . pincus start stripping off he security uniform , as we walk out of the security shed , toward fran in the car . angle int the stationwagon as pincus get up , and motion fran to drive quickly . we hold on the stationwagon leaving the airport drivethrough . fran how ...? angle . the stationwagon drive past a row of orange - vested roadworkers , who be laying tar on the roadway . the stationwagon slow . angle int the car . pincus wait wait wait wait wait . ( he gesture her to stop ) angle ext the stationwagon . on pincus as he take a trash bag , and throws it into a roadside trash container . angle on the van , as it pull into a parking garage . angle - a mostly empty floor of the parking garage . the van pulling up . moore and blane get out , and start to look down toward the airport . moore look at he watch . blane goe to the side of the van , hesitate , and look at moore . blane ... where 's you explosion ...? moore ( he look around , then , to blane ) do it ... blane nods to moore , and they begin to strip the " skin " off the side of the security truck , to reveal it be a ryder rental truck . angle int the truck 84 . moore open the back panel , he remove a large garbage bag . and accept the removed skin and licenseplate from blane . in the front we see bella , getting out of he security uniform . and , in the rear , blane and moore do the same . moore open the fake engine , and STUFF the uniform , ET cetera , inside . bella ( looking back ) here she come ... angle on blane , as he turn . angle , he Pov . the stationwagon , coming up the ramp . fran and pincus in it . angle on the men in the truck . on moore , as he load the material into the engine . moore be he with she ...? blane yeah he 's there . he pick up one of the bar from the fake engine and pull off the covering , to reveal it be golden . he smile blane ( cont would ) yeah , he 's there . the stationwagon pull up by the truck . pincus get out and walk to the back of the truck . moore ( to pincus ) where 's my diversion ...? pincus I ... I throw it in the garb ... Joe : Joe , listen : moore where 's my explosion , I be up here naked ... pincus Joe : they get you ... he look inside the truck . he take out and look at the half - opened bar of gold . 85 . pincus Joe ... they get you ... blane show he the golden bar . pincus ( cont would ) go sell chocolate , you heidi motherfucker . go see cookoo clock . we got you gold ... angle on blane , as he take the roll of tape from he belt , and tape the covering again over the bar . he replace the bar , and moore shut up the fake engine . fran ( to moore ) how would it go ? blane it get a little tight in there . pincus ( to moore ) they get you photo . moore who ? pincus the staties . I see it in the car . i. moore forget it . let 's ... blane move to a sedan , which they be parked , take out keys , open it , and begins putting on a suitcoat and a hat which be found on the seat . bella ... they get you photo ...? moore yeah , well , that 's a hazard of the jjj ... bella you can not go through the roadblock if ... moore I tell you on the day , they have I , you ... bella yeah , but you ... I can not have you go through the ... moore I stay with the gold . 86 . fran Joe , he 's right if ... moore you be gonna side with the guy , you be gonna side against I ? you gonna talk against I , Fran ? fran I be say ... bella fuck it ... if they get you on film I be not go through that with the gold and you in the truck . moore I stay with the gold . ( pause ) I stay with the gold . bella they get you on film , you get to go . you will never make the road block ... Joe ... moore I get to go with the gold . bella you know , you wife say it ... angle , on blane , as he look out of the parking garage . angle , he Pov . on the accessroad , several state police car , setting up a roadblock . blane Joe , we gotta go . moore you go . see you at the rendezvous ... angle on blane , and pincus , who be taking clothes from the seat of the sedan . he start to get in . reach back , and hand piece of paper to moore . pincus ... parking ticket , you have be here two day ... he get into the sedan , and the sedan pull away . moore start to get into the van . bella ... you be burnt . 87 . moore then we will all go together . bella I do not see the percentage ... moore you do not have to , baby ... fran ... you can not make the roadblock , Joe ... bella you be burnt , for chrissake . you be fucken burnt Old man ... what be you , tell you bead " I go with the gold " ... look here : you tell I : what be they gonna be look harder at ? you tell I , you here with we , or you in a empty car . ( pause ) you tell I . ( pause ) you tell I ? you follow we . through the roadblock , for chrissake . ( pause ) eh ? you follow we thry ... moore turn to blane . blane you be burnt , Joe . you be burnt . it 's the wise thing . what do you lll ...? moore I follow you to the rendezvous ... ( to fran ) gimme the key ... she pass the keys to bella , who hand they toward moore . pincus ... Joe , get in the c ... angle , on moore , as he address fran , as she get into the truck . moore ... stay with the ggg ... ( he look down at the keys . we see they be not the same keys which fran hand to bella ) ( to bella ) you palm the key , you palm the key , you motherf ... he look down at the keys in he hand . he grab bella' wrist , and turn it over to show a second set of keys in bella' hand . 88. moore ( cont would ) ... what 's , what 's the deal , you be gonna leave I , alone , in the ... there be a SOUND of a explosion . moore turn he head , we see beyond and below he , the garbage can , bursting into flame , and spout smoke . angle , on bella , as he take out he pistol and clout the distracted moore . angle xcu . on fran . fran ...no ... bella get in the truck . get in the truck ... get in the truck ... angle he force her into the van . angle the van coming down the ramp . angle int the van . bella drive , coming up on the cashier' booth . bella ( to fran ) gimme the ticket . ( pause ) gimme the ttt ... fran ... you leave them up there with Joe ... angle , at the cashier' booth . cashier ...morn ... bella I , uh ... fran ( sotto ) ... get we out of here ... bella I seem to have lose my ticket ... 89 . cashier oh , man . I be sorry . bella ...just ... cashier look , f' you con show I some ... something , you airline ticket , something ... bella ( cont would ) ... just tell I what the full freight be , for ... cashier sure , but , between you and I ? they give I some leeway , so , f' you con show I some " proof , " ' bout , how long ... fran just , would you just , however long , the ... cashier ... lose ticket charge , hundred fifty dollar . I do not think you ... fran dig in her pocket , and start paying he . cashier ( cont would ) I be tell you , I hate to ... fran we be in a hurry ... the cashier shrug . cashier ... you must be some kind of rich ... he hand they a red receipt , which be printed " stays over 72 hour . lost ticket charge . pay . " angle on bella , as he take the receipt , and throws it on he dashboard , and drive off . angle , on moore , on the pavement , as he stir , and shake he head ... angle on the van , coming out of the parking garage , and onto the access road . angle on the van , go onto the shoulder of the accessroad . 90 . bella jump out of the van , and raise the hood . he take out a screwdriver , and use it to disconnect several wire . he walk back to the van . fran you do not have to hit he ... bella yea ? when would you get so tough . you do not use to be so tough ... fran I ... ( she sees something in the rearview mirror ) angle bella' Pov . a wrecker truck coming down along the road . it veer onto the access road , and put on its flash . angle bella and fran bella yeah , that 's about as close as I ever want it to be ... fran ... why do you have to hurt he ...? bella ...hey , di not we make that decision ...? angle as the man from the wrecker back he truck up to the hood of the rental truck . fran come out to talk to he . fran where the , where the hell , excuse I . good morning . we have be sit here , since ... the mechanic from the wrecker advance toward they . mechanic I be sorry , we have get a full day ... I get four false call this morning , four false call . I ... he start to OPEN the hood . 91 . fran that 's not go to do you a whole raft of good . that 's dead as kelsey 's nut ... angle several cop car establishing the roadblock . we see two of the cop get into a cruiser , and pull up toward the wrecker and the van . angle on bella and fran in the van . bella take out a cigarette . fran ( cont would ) do not smoke the cigarette . bella ... what kind of people try to look calm ...? angle int the police cruiser . as it come up on the towtruck , which be hauling up the " broken " rental truck . one of the officer get out of the stop cruiser and walk toward the truck , the other stays on the radio , and then follows . officer one ( as he approach the group around the two truck ) Morning , angle on officer two as he walk around to the back of the truck . officer two ... would you stand away , please ...? officer two move into the back of the truck , camera follows to show he walking up to the other side . angle ext the truck . officer one ( to fran ) how long have this truck be here ? fran ( to the mechanic ) ask he ... mechanic ... the , uh , we get the first call at ... fran we have be here since ... 92 . officer one one moment , please . mechanic we get the breakdown call at five -twenty , this . fran this be great , this be great , a four hour breakdown n'i be gonna get arrest , all in one swell Day . whatsa charge ...? officer two ( as he come back around from the back , coming up to fran . ) ... what you haul ...? fran Marine ' quipment . officer two Marine what ...? officer one ... would you open the rear , please ...? angle on fran . as she get down , and walk the cop to the back . fran ... it 's a auxiliary engine , some rich guy 's toy ... she open the rear of the van . the policeman start investigate the engine . officer ... some toy . fran ( take out a stick of gum and put it in her mouth . ) ... maybe he 's compensate frosometh ... ( offer a stick of gum to the cop , who decline ) what 's the deal , what be you look for ...? angle on officer two and bella , who be in the cab . officer two how long you be out here ...? bella break down , this morning , five , five fifteen ... 93. officer two what 'dja eat ...? bella nothing , you know , nothing to eat ... nothin ' to eat but lucky ... he reach for cigarettes on the dashboard . angle INS . we see the large red receipt parking over 72 hour , etc . angle on bella as he take the cigarette and light it , he put the match back on the dash , next to some paperwork . officer one ... you be sit out here all morn ...? angle on fran , as she walk up , followed by the other cop . fran you guy wanna wave you magic wand n'make it different , that 's awright with I ... bella ... look at the paperwork ... he start to reach for the clipboard . angle , fran's Pov INS . the red late ticket slip on the dashboard . angle on the officer one , as he reach into the cab for the paperwork . fran yeah . lookit the paperwork . tell you what , keep the paperwork . she reach past he , pick up the red receipt , take out her gum and put it in the paper , crumple it , and toss it onto the floor of the cab . fran ( cont would ) ... lest you need to throw I in jail , f'sit in a truck ... officer one back 's clean ... fran hey , y'gonna leave , just when we be gettin ' to know each other ...? 94 . officer two duty call ... fran ships-in-the-night ... ( she shrug ) angle ext the wrecker . the mechanic close the hood , we see the two cop walking back to there cruiser . the wrecker start to drive off , we see one of the cop wave to the other at the barricade , and we see the wrecker pass through . angle int the parking garage . moore , holding a dirty handkerchief to he bleeding head . look out at the accessroad . angle he Pov . the wrecker and the truck passing through the roadblock . int parking garage . day . moore , rising to he feet . hold a handkerchief to he head . he walk to the edge of the parking garage parapet , and look out . angle he Pov . the truck , down , below , on the access road , passing through the roadblock , towed by the wrecker . angle at the roadblock , the cop waving the wrecker through . angle in the parking garage . moore , turn away from the edge , and walk back , unsteadily . camera take he toward the staircase . angle the drivethrough , ground level , airport . a SMALL firetruck be parked beside the waste can , which be spewing smoke , two firefighter be putting out the FIRE , police be directing traffic around it . several roadcrewmen , the roadcrew we saw earlier . be sitting on the curb , and watching . angle 95 . on moore , as he emerge from the concrete stairwell . he look around . he pick up a orange vest and a hardhat from a pile at the barricade outside the stairwell . he tie the handkerchief around he head , he shuck off he sportcoat , and shirt , and put the vest on over he t-shirt . he put on the hardhat . he pick up a hoe , and start slowly walking down the road , away from the FIRE and police . dissolve to : int rental truck garage day . fran sipping coffee , inside a SMALL " admin " shed . in the b.g. we see the various truck be service . bella , talking with a mechanic , come back into the shed . he come and sit next to her on a bench , they speak in undertone . fran nods her appreciation . a supervisor come in . supervisor I be sorry , I believe it will take we four or five hour to ... you know , f' you want , I will be glad , transfer you load ... bella ... thank you , but we get that thing palletted in there , pretty good , and ... I , uh , I do not want to change it , I would rather wait . supervisor no problem , just think I would make the offer ... he withdraws . pause . bella I figure , we can not be any safer than in here . fran ... you think pretty good on you foot . bella ... I think pretty good off my foot , too . ( pause ) f'you remember ... ( pause ) you remember that ...? hold on fran , looking at he . int diner day . a Pov , across a industrial STREET , the rentatruck garage . 96 . we see the OPEN back of the truck , and the engine in it . it be raining . angle fran and bella , in a booth at the garage . bella look back at fran . bella ... what be it ? fran why would you have to hit he ? bella ...to make he see my point of view . ( pause ) fran be he go to be alright ? bella well , you know , he 's gonna have a headache . ( pause ) or be that what you be ask ? ( pause ) in which case , we be way past that . do not you think ? ( pause ) because lemme run this down to you : and you tell I the error in my logic . one : a old man . on the run . might as well have he face on a postage stamp . n'he 's look for he money . two : you and I . for example : ( he look across at the truck ) and the prize in the crackerjack . ( pause ) and a wet afternoon to kill . talk about it . fran i. uh ... let 's get out of here ... she get up . bella ( as she follows her ) I be get too close to you ? fran yeah , you be gettin ' too close to I . bella uh huh . what ? I take the thrill out of " slumming ... " fran let 's get to the rendezvous . 97 . bella ... we be go to the rendezvous . fran let 's get there . bella we get twelve hour . fran yeah , no , let 's go now . bella the truck 's break . fran tell 'im what 's wrong with it . she start for the entrance , bella follows her . fran ( cont would ) tell im , you have this same problem one time , you truck , and maybe it 's the same th ... bella ... why do not we just ? fran ( turning to he ) because if you sell everybody else out , why would not you sell I out ? bella ( pause ) you remember the reason for that ... ( she start across to the garage . he follows her . ) int . cheap HOTEL room . night . moore , in a t-shirt , looking in the mirror . he have a bad CUT on he forehead . and he have first - aid supplies spread out in front of he on the bureau , underneath the mirror . he wince as he apply iodine , and a bandage . he take a pancake makeup out of a SMALL paper bag , and begins spread it over the bandage on he forehead . angle on the cheap , unslept -in bed be a dufflebag , in it we see the security guard uniform , and the f.a.a . inspector badge . we see a man' hand come into the shot and take a clean shirt out of the dufflebag . 98 . on the bed next to the dufflebag be a wet and bloody shirt and undershirt . angle on moore , as he put on the clean shirt . he reach in the bag and take out hornrim glass , and put they on . he stuff the bloody clothing into the dufflebag . camera take he to the bureau , where he put the bandage ET cetera , into the dufflebag . he look around the room . pick up the dufflebag , and a SMALL attache case which rest at the door . he open the door , and peer out into the hall . angle , in the hall , moore exiting the room , close the door behind he , lock it . we see he be attire in a cheap sportcoat , with a new pen protector full of pens in its pocket . camera take he down the hall to a incinerator shoot . he put the dufflebag and then the key into the incinerator shoot . int cab of the rental truck . deserted country road . night . bella drive , fran riding shotgun . hold bella s'alot of money we have get back there . ( pause ) I say ... fran yes . thank you . I know what you say . bella what be you , fill with remorse , something ...? fran ( looking out of the window ) ... this be we exit . bella be you fill with remorse ...? fran ... not yet . bella well , good , cause ... fran this be the exit for the meet . angle her Pov 99 . the rainy night highway , dividing , a offramp shown a half mile ahead . angle int the truck fran ( cont would ) ... this be the ... bella yes , indeed it be , but I be go to tell you something ... she grab for the wheel . bella ( cont would ) ( as he push her away ) take you hand off the wheel ... angle , ext . the truck as it swerve toward the sideroad , and then back onto the MAIN road . angle int the cab . bella ( cont would ) what be you , nut ? be you nut ? we be go to ... I will tell you what we be gonna do . we be gonna ... fran ... alright . bella ... we be gonna . that lame , that old lame you be with ... he be ... what do you think he be ? he be a non-starter ... what do you think ... what way in hell be he go to go home with the gold ? base on what Fairy tale ...? you know that ... only one who do not know that be ... angle ext the truck . they pass by a roadside service area , a gas station , a lit - up country diner - lounge beside it . angle int the truck bella and fran as fran look out of the window . fran you miss the exit for the meet . bella well , yeah , no , I tell you ... we be not go to the meet. ( pause ) you know we be not go there . ( more ) 100 . bella ( cont would ) ( pause ) why would we want to go there ...? fran what be I , just go to go off with you forever ? bella you want I to tell you why ...? fran take I to the meet . bella there be no meet , for the luvva God . you know that . ( pause ) you know that . ( pause ) you know that ... fran I need a drink . bella yeah . I will get you a drink , and here 's a bracer ... we leave the meet at the Airport . we leave the meet , you guy go out , get he picture on the videott ... and let 's cut out the shuck and the jivin ' : what kind of man , send you to I , send he wife to I ... to " distract " I ... oh ? surprise ! I be all taken in ... how about that ... what a fool I be ... would I do that to you ? ( pause ) would I do that to you ...? except pee ess , who like it ? ( pause ) so , Old Times sake , I be gonna tell you something , why 'ot we cut the nonsense , and say what it be ? ( pause ) fran ... I need a drink . turn around . bella ... nothing simpler . fran I , uh , I need some time , I need a little time , to ... bella adjust the car into a u-turn . bella we be gonna siddown , and I will draw you the scheme of it , the New thing , on a napkin . 101 . he look out of the windshield . angle , he Pov , around a turn ahead , the country diner - lounge we passed earlier , in front of it , a police cruiser . angle , int the truck . bella ( cont would ) uh oh ... he twist the wheel violently . angle , ext the truck . the truck start to skid on the rain - slicked highway , it cross to the far side of the road , and goe into a ditch . the truck tumble in the ditch and end , on its side . angle in the scrub wood on the side of the road . the truck , on its side , the side panel crumpled , the back sprung OPEN . angle int the truck bella and fran . he check her for injuries . she be shocky . he help her out of the truck . angle ext the wrecked truck . in the rain . in the far b.g. the light of the diner , and the police cruiser . bella reach back into the truck , turn off the engine and the light . he walk around to the back of the truck . angle he Pov the back door sprung OPEN , the fake engine OPEN , and the cover bar lying all over the back of the truck . angle on bella and fran , as she come around the back of the truck . bella stand , indecisive , looking at the cover bar . he start to reach in for they . fran leave it . pause bella look at her , amazed . he start to gather they up . 102 . fran ( cont would ) leave it ... walk away from it . for godsake ... bella start scooping up the bar , and carrying they back into the wood . fran move to stop he . fran ( cont would ) walk away from it ... what be you go to ... come on . come on ... ( she gesture back at the copcar ) be you crazy ... bella ... we can get a few , we can bury the bar , if we bury the bar in the ... fran ( pulling on he ) for godsake , walk away from it . leave it ... bella okay . look : we fit them back into the container . we ... come on , come on ... he look back over he shoulder at the copcar . he work he way back into the truck , and start replacing the goldbar in the container . fran ( behind he ) come on ... bella ( he reach for a flashlight from the glove compartment , to help he ) the truck 's clean , for chrissake , the truck 's clean : we put it back together , we calla towtruck -- be I go to walkaway from all this gold ...? he be playing he beam on the goldbar . pause . angle , he Pov . INS . he pick up one of the bar . the wrapping be torn . he shine the light on it , to reveal it be a dull leaden color . he pick up now one and now another of the gold bar . and drip the covering off of they . each one be lead . he pick up the one bar which be opened and resealed with tape , to show it be gold . he strip off the wrapping . half the bar be gold , the rest of it be lead . he start ripping the cover off the bar violently . all the rest be lead . angle 103 . on bella , as he turn to look at fran . angle , he Pov . on fran . stand behind he in the rain . angle on fran , as she back away from bella , back into the wood . angle on bella , at the truck , as he continue ripping off the covering . he turn around . angle he Pov . on fran , as she disappear into the wood . angle int the wood . fran running in the dark wood . she slip , and fall . we see bella , running behind her . she pick herself up , begins to run again . she stop , her jacket and purse caught on a tree . she tries to free herself , she look back at the man gaining on her . she take off her jacket and run on . hold on her jacket and purse strap on the tree . ext roadside diner , night . the parkinglot , the police cruiser parked out front . fran emerge from the wood , and run across the parking lot and into a back door of the diner . int diner night . the policeman and a couple of customer at the counter . fran enter through the back door . she proceeds toward a phoneboooth . she start to dial . beat . she reach for her purse , it be gone . she dig in her pant . find nothing . angle at the counter . fran walk up . all turn to look at her . fran yeah , well , can I , uh , can I make a credit card call on that phone ? counterman no , I do not think so . 104 . fran ( she nods ) then , anybody get a coin ...? ( pause ) angle . she look over at the policeman , who be looking at her . fran ( cont would ) ( to the cop ) Excuse I , what be you look at , all due respect ? cop ( pause ) I be wonder , maam , if you need any assistance . fran well , thank you , Sir . it would be nice , to meet a gentleman ... to meet a gentleman for once in my life ... but I , uh ... I , uh ... angle xcu on fran , as she look back . angle , her Pov . at the back of the diner , bella , coming through the door , and stopping behind some crate , in the back . angle on fran fran ( cont would ) I , uh ... thank you , I just need to uh ... the policeman slip some change across to her . fran ( cont would ) ( as she look back at the phone ) in fact , you know , I be fine ... I have a fight with my husband ... and he say ... I say ... " then let I out of the car ... " ... and he do ... ( she start to cry ) a waitress come over and sit by her . fran ( cont would ) ... that be the stupidest thing ... the stupidest thing that ... the waitress gesture to the policeman that she will take care of it . the cop nods , and put down some money for the check , and get up . angle 105 . on the cop , as he proceeds toward the cruiser . a trucker pay he check and walk after he . angle , on bella , as he watch . camera take he around the outside of the diner . angle on bella , as he watch the policeman depart . angle int the diner . as bella reenter through the back door . angle he Pov . fran , departing the front of the diner , talking with a trucker , as the trucker help her up into he cab . angle bella . hold . he pick up the phone . dig for some change , and put it in the phone . he look down . angle INS . the half gold , half lead bar . SOUND of dialling . dissolve to : ext rainy highway . night . a SMALL truck . angle int the SMALL truck . blane and moore in the truck . blane drive . moore touch he head injury . blane how you do ? moore I be not feel too well . blane look at something up ahead . moore turn . angle he Pov . a security checkpoint , a barrier , a guard coming forward . 106 . angle ext the truck . the security guard come out . blane hand he a slip of paper . the security guard check it , make a call on a walkie , and wave they through a barrier which rise to admit they . angle on the truck . entering what be now shown to be the cargo area of the airport . angle the tail of the aerohelvetica plane , the large swiss cross . tilt down to show several truck surrounding it , a police cruiser , and the truck bear moore and blane , pulling up to the plane . angle on the tarmac . moore get out , as blane reverse the truck . blane walk up to a SMALL ground of coveralled worker , and two cop . there be a conveyor running from the plane down to the ground , and several container on the ground . blane present a sheaf of paperwork to one of the coveralled men . blane ... hywest foundry ? he look around , as if confuse by the police activity . official ( explaining ) we have a robbery of the pll ... moore ( of he invoice . very concerned ) could you check my number , please ...? trooper ( overhearing ) yeah , no , they get what they come for , pal . it be not yours ... moore look confuse . he turn to the coveralled official for help . the official consult the paperwork , and bid moore follow he up the conveyor . angle , in the areohelvetica plane . several worker inside . the official , lead moore to the container marked ' hywest foundry . ' he point they out and motion two of the worker to start they onto the container . 107 . moore ... thank god. trooper ... precious stuff , huh ? moore it would mean my job ... angle the hywest foundry container coming down the conveyor , as blane open the back of he truck for they . he look up . angle , he Pov . moore , stand in the OPEN hatch of the swiss plane . angle cu . moore . with a slight grin . nods at blane . ext CITY residential STREET day . a old style STREET of SMALL bungalows . a SMALL girl be walked down to the curb by her mother , who be handing her a lunchbox . pincus walk out of the house behind they , he shake hand and make he goodby with a young fellow who be holding a cup of coffee . angle tight on pincus , the mother and the young girl ( whom we saw earlier , in the kitchen scene ... ) at the curb . as the mother adjust the collar on the child . mother ... uncle donn to get up so early in the morning , walk you to the Bus today . pincus glad to do it , glad to do it , glad to do it . mother ( as pincus give her a peck on the cheek ) ... come over for dinner , Thursday . pincus waal , we be gonna have to see ... he take the child out of the frame . angle tracking back before pincus and the girl , as they walk . 108 . girl ... come to dinner . pincus we be gonna have to see . girl you always say that , and it mean you will not . pincus well , it 's possible , it 's possible , you see , that my ' business ' ... girl ...uh huh ... pincus ... that I might have to go ' travel ' for a while ... girl why can not you do you business here ? pincus wish I could , baby . fact it . fact be : I get to get out of here , this morning . girl this morning ? pincus that 's when my plane leave . girl ... there 's the bus ... we see the yellow schoolbus pulling up to a sign , and several child getting into it . pincus well , there you go . Times change . my day , all kid , have to walk all the way to school . girl yes . but the street be safer . pincus izzat so ...? ( he bend down and give her a kiss ) you take care of yourself , kid ... girl bye , uncle donny ... she get up into the bus . he wave her goodbye . angle , cu . on pincus , waving goodbye . he turn . 109 . angle as he turn he find a thug and bergman stand behind he . a black sedan be at the curb behind bergman , another thug stand by the back door , and open it . beat . pincus good day for the race . bergman what race be that ? pincus the human Race . ( pause . he look after the bus ) kid grow up , so on ... ( pause ) hope of the future . thug get in the fucken car . pincus sigh , he start toward the car . and then turn to run . the thug put the arm on he . bergman get in the car . dissolve to : int shipyard shed . day . the hywest corp container . opened . on blane , who be sweat , come into the frame . camera take he into the container , where we see what be the last several score wrapped ingot . blane pick up several , and camera hinges he to a worktable , on which we see many gold ingot , blane strip the felt covering off the new ingot to reveal they stamped credit national do geneve . he take the wrapping and toss they into a FIRE , burning in the bottom of a kiln . blane close the door . tilt up to show moore , who be taking a gold ingot , and putting it into a cauldron , in which be molten gold . he wear a welder' mask . he flip up he mask . and wipe he forehead . he check he watch . moore ( to blane ) ... where 's pinky ...? 110 . int garage day . pincus , tied to a chair , be be interrogated by bergman and he thug . bergman where 's the gold ? pincus well , I , uh , I , uh , I , you know , I be reluctant to tell you . angle on bergman , behind he be seated bella . bergman when we put it to you . ( pause ) you know when we put it to you , you be go be tell we the gross national product of Bolivia ... pincus ...hey ... bergman you be gonna be tell we the area code , Belgium and luxembourg ... pincus hey , look : Z'all I know ... angle INS . bergman pick up the half lead , half gold bar . angle on bergman bergman this be all you know . this be all you know ... this be all you know . n'we get you , go to St. croix ( he hold up a ticket ) where 's you share ? how do you pick up you share , and where 's the meet ? where' the meet ...? ( bergman pick up the half gold bar to threaten pincus ) pincus what be you , gonna hurt I ...? bergman yeah , no , actually ( to pincus ) no , I be not go to hurt you . no. ( more ) 111 . bergman ( cont would ) but tell a guy , m fulla admiration . what be the deal ? what be the deal ? pincus the way you be look at the deal the deal be we get away with the gold . cute huh ? bergman yeah , no . it 's charming . and then what ? pincus we , uh , we " slip away . " bergman you " slip away . " I and my guy go to the meet , we find a truck full of pig Iron . Zat the thing ? pincus well , you know , Joe figure , you be not never go to the meet . bergman he do ... and where 's the gold . where 's the gold all this time ? ( pause ) y'know ? you guy di not get it in he head , fly off on a variation , we be out on the Patio right now , and everybody 's get a margarita . where 's the gold ? pincus ... you know : bergman yeah , no , where 's the gold , what 's the back -up plan ...? pincus you can understand my reluctance to tell you . bergman ( to he thug ) take he and show he something ... int shed day . the door to the kiln , OPEN , the FIRE died down to orange ember , in the b.g . the OPEN , empty hwyest container . the door OPEN , showing the marina . and moore stand on the deck of the sailboat . he wipe the bright bronze rail , the SUN glint off of it . he get down onto the dock . 112 . angle . on moore as he walk back into the shed . where we see blane , who be shutting down the FIRE in the furnace under the crucible . blane look at he watch . blane Fran ...? moore no , she will not be call in till she ditch the guy . blane how 's she gonna ditch he ? moore she could talk she way outta a sunburn . blane look at he watch blane ... and then where 's pinky ...? moore let 's finish up ... int service station restroom day . pincus . holding a cellphone to he face , talk into the cellphone . pincus ( to phone ) joe. ( pause ) ... yeah . how you do ? ( pause ) just to check in . ( pause ) Fine . finest kind . ( pause ) yeah , no , I see the truck go through , too . innit . see you at the meet . ( he hand the phone to a thug , who we now see be stand beside he . the thug redial the phone and hand it to pincus . ) yeah . ( pause ) yeah . checked in . ( pause ) the meet be at . angle int bergman' office . bergman ( on the phone ) ... and where 's the gold ... ( more ) 113. bergman ( cont would ) ( pause . bergman , listen , smile . ) ... you be shitting I ... hah. yeah. yeah . well , no , thank you ... angle ext the service station . another bodyguard type . knocking on the door . angle , int the restroom . pincus ... alright ...? thug yeah , alright . he open the door to the outside . angle ext the restroom the thug nods ' alright ' to the bodyguard type , who move to reveal he hold pincus' niece by the arm . the bodyguard begins to walk her off . we see the door to the restroom close . hold . we hear a shot . there be a pause . and the thug come out of the restroom door and lets the door swing close behind he . angle at the foundry day . on moore , as he walk over to blane , still holding the phone . blane pinky call . moore yeah . blane what 's the report ? moore say he 's fine . blane he say so , huh ? moore that 's what he say . blane well ... ( beat . blane clap he on the shoulder ) hold . moore shrug . 114 . moore good of he to keep in touch . moore start to walk toward the boat . int clothes boutique day . fran , in a dressingroom . getting out of her bedraggle clothes , she look out through the door . angle her Pov . a young woman , who have just emerged from a adjacent dressingroom , in a new dress with a tag on it . she talk to a salesgirl , who take her out of the dressing area . angle on fran , in her underwear , as she retreat back into the dressing room and throws herself with all her weight against the partition , crashing into the next dressingroom . angle her Pov the other woman' clothes and purse in the dressingroom . int engineroom the sailboat day . moore tinkering . ext the deck of the sailboat , day . moore goe to the cockpit and tries the starter . the engine doe not start . camera take he down to the engineroom . angle int boutique , day . fran , dressed in the other woman' clothes , exiting the store , camera hinges her around a corner , and to a payphone . angle , int the engine room . moore , tinkering with the engine . the engine sputter . angle INS , the cellphone , in the pocket of he jacket , which be hung on a hook in the engineroom . blinking . angle at the payphone . fran . redial the number . hold . then she look at her watch and hail a passing cab . ext sailboat day . moore , on the deck of the sailboat . as he conns it around a marker , and in toward a pier . the SUN glint off the railing . 115 . ext highway day . a taxicab . turning into a pier area . a SMALL marina . a SMALL powerboat be backed into the water by a suburban . the cab enter the area , and fran get out , and pay the cabbie off . she turn toward the water . angle , her Pov . the sailboat . far out beyond the end of a long pier . angle the pier . fran running down the pier toward the boat . at a SMALL cabana , near the end of the pier . fran . sitting on a bench , looking out at the sailboat . angle on the boat . as moore pull it up to the end of the pier . jump down , and tie up the boat . moore how're you do ? blane 's okay . billy 's okay , pinky call , he ... ( pause ) he look at fran . hold . bergman and he crew emerge from the SMALL cabana . moore turn back toward the boat . a thug yell at he and pull a pistol . he stop . bergman yeah , yeah , what there be a change in plan ...? you could not get to I to tell I ? moore let my wife go . bergman do you mind if I say something personal ? ( pause ) you wife 's a whore . she and 'you , have fuck this perfect little plan , into ... moore step toward bergman . a thug club moore to the ground . bergman ( cont would ) get up . get up , get up , you contrary motherfucker . I be go to make you rich . I be go to make you rich . the swiss score . and look how you treat I . Cause you get to be too smart . you get to be too smart . do not you ? moore rise to he feet . 116 . bergman ( cont would ) you just gotta complicate it that last bit . ( pause ) well . do you want to wrap it up , or you want to stand around out here , guess my Real name ? moore what be you real name ? bergman it 's rumplestiltskin . moore what be it before you change it ? the thug hit moore again . fran do not hurt he ... bergman you have to go out on a limb -- you have to go out on a limb , do not you ...? do not you ... moore let the girl go , I will give up the gold . bergman yeah , we have , basically , we have in mind a different deal ... a different deal . how bout that , I hear , if you be flexible , it keeps you Young . moore I will give up the gold , I and the girl leave on the boat . bergman well , that 's very sentimental . but what if the gold 's on the boat . moore search the boat . bergman take out a SMALL knife , and begins to clean he nail . bergman yeah , no , I do not get to search the boat . angle on bergman , as he beckon several of the thug onto the boat . bergman yeah , no , you wife just make another deal . the deal she make , we get the gold , we let you live . whaddaya think ? 117 . pause . as moore look at fran . moore you let I walk away . bergman that 's right . moore I and she . bella well , not quite . moore what do you do to she ... he look at fran . fran I give you up , baby . I give up the gold . ( pause ) bergman yeah , that 's what we do for she , we let you live . fran I give you up . I have to . bergman ( to the thug ) let 's get this boat out of here . ( to moore ) we be let you live cause it make the broad happy . that 's what she trade we for the gold . moore hold on , hold on , let 's siddown ... bergman oh , yeah , let 's siddown . you fucken dog inna manger , we sit here a little long enough , the boy in Blue come visit , n'there go the neighborhood ... moore one second . hold on ... bergman you be bust , baby . you get break ... go cry a little ( to moore , sotto ) you fortunate motherfucker , she do not step up , you be go stay here , for , like , a little bit of forever ... 118. bergman ( cont would ) ... this way you walk away , you lucky Dog . moore take the gold . take the gold off , leave I the boat . bergman do not make I lose my respect for you . by the way , we already have the gold . pincus give it up . that 's what she trade for you life . ( pause ) she 's get a very commercial mind ... bella start to take fran away , back down the pier . we see a black car , drive down the pier , toward the group . bergman beckon a henchman , and point at the boat . bergman ( cont would ) ... take it back to the boatyard ( he make a dialing motion ) get a number , call 'im up , we need a private slip , what do you call it , a shed . tell 'im we will pay in cash . get the thing square away , we will take the gold out ... ( the henchman start to go off , nodding ) bella ( to moore ) you do not want to stay here , pal . they be come for you ... they be come for you ... he start putting fran into the car . fran ( to bergman ) leave he some money . give he some money ... do not let he go out there with nothing ... ( she get into the car . ) angle cu on fran as bella put her into the car . fran ( cont would ) I be sorry , baby . angle , on moore , as he turn , and we see the car drive off . bergman yeah , we do not want , to send you out there break ... here : go buy yourself something nice ... you do not mind if I pay you in gold ...? he step over to the boat , floating alongside the dock . he take he clasp knife , and apply it to the shining rail . angle INS . 119 . the blade bend on the rail . angle on bergman , as he get onto the boat . he walk to one rail and tries to carve it with he knife . nothing happens . he walk to another rail , and tries the same . angle INS . the knife . the blade bending on the rail . more pressure be exerted . the blade snap . angle on bergman . who gesture for another knife . the henchman doe not understand . bergman ( cont would ) a knife , gimme another knife ... the henchman hand he a knife . bergman tries now one and now another of the railing . the knife cannot raise shaving on any of they . angle on bergman , as he look back at the shore . bergman ( cont would ) ... I do not ... I need you to tell I where the gold be . bergman get off the boat , and advance on moore , who be stand on the pier . bergman ( cont would ) where 's the gold ? moore where would you like it to be ...? bergman gesture to the thug , who take hold of moore' arm . moore look around wildly at the deserted pier . bergman advance on moore , holding the knife . bergman what be it , with you pal ...? as bergman near moore , moore turn , breaking the hold of the two men . he hit one in the throat , kick at the other , and start to run . one of the thug pull a pistol , and shoot at moore , and moore fall to the pier , grasping he shoulder , he get slowly up , and face bergman , and the thug , who stand on the pier alongside the sailboat . moore look around . bergman ( cont would ) and then where be he now . you run buddy ? no , it 's all over , and I need to know : where be the gold . I hate to do anything as dramatic as " count to Three , " but ... one : ( more ) 120 . bergman ( cont would ) ( he hold out he hand . a henchman put a pistol into it . ) as he speak , moore keep turning , so that the SUN be behind moore , and shining into the eye of bergman and he accomplice , who now stand with there back to the boat . bergman ( cont would ) two ... why must you , oh , God , why in the world must you , why in the hell , a guy like you , would you put I in a position ... aahh , the Hell with it , life be too short , you know what ? fuck you ... he raise he arm to FIRE . behind he we see blane emerge from the saillocker on the boat deck , blane hold a shotgun . he shoot bergman and the two thug , one of the thug turn and fire at blane , who be wounded . blane fire again at the thug , and stumble on to the pier , and fall backward into the water between the boat and the pier . angle on moore , who move jerkily , to the side of the pier . he tries to push the boat away , to get to blane in the water . he untie the line which hold the boat to the pier , and push the boat away . he throws the line to blane , who use it to lift himself up onto the pier . the two men sit for a moment , catch there breath . moore how you do ? blane I be leak ? ( pause ) you hurt ? moore nods . he stand , and help blane to he feet . moore pick up the shotgun . they look around , behind they , the sailboat be drifting out to sea . they start down the pier . stepping over one of the body of the thug . the second thug look up . thug ( weakly ) I ... I ... blane kick he body over the side of the pier , into the water . moore step over the dying bergman . bergman cute . very cute . moore walk over he body , and he and blane continue down the pier . 121. bergman ( cont would ) do not you want to hear my die word ...? moore take the shotgun from blane , and step back to bergman . moore I just do . he shoot bergman , hand the shotgun back to blane , and the two head off , helping each other down the pier . dissolve to : int industrial diner . day . moore , he arm in a sling , now wearing a beard , sitting in a booth , drinking coffee . blane ( vo ) I hear ... moore look up , blane , walking with a cane , slide into the booth opposite he . blane ( cont would ) I hear if you put milk into it , it less the chance of stomach distress . moore hey , you can not worry about every little thing ... they both sit , looking out the window . a waitress come by with a coffeepot . waitress heat it up ? moore ( as he rise ) no , I think we gotta be move on . angle ext the diner , as the two walk across a industrial area . blane too bad about pinky . moore ai not that so . blane ... always make I laugh . 122. moore well , what more can you say of anyone ? blane nothing ... beat . they continue walking across the STREET to reveal they be in the industrial area outside the boxing gym . there be many kide playing in the STREET . blane ( cont would ) Robert the Bruce ... moore yeah ? blane why would they call he Robert " the " Bruce ... moore ... what ? blane why would they call he Robert " the " Bruce ? ( pause ) moore because he ask they to . blane nods . blane y'go to that plastic surgeon , do not lettem put you all the way under . I know a guy in statesville , go to get he face fix , wake up , sucker would give he a pair of tit . moore yeah , that 's no bargain . blane well , he land back inside , he never have to want for cigarettes ... blane take out a slip of paper , and hand it to moore . moore look at it . moore send you cut there ...? blane Wire it there , when you get where you be go . moore that I will , pal . 123. blane I hear it 's nice down there in the Sun. moore Zat where I be go ? blane wherever it be , brother , do not come back . ( beat . moore nods . ) blane embrace moore . beat . blane hand he the key to the garage . and walk off . we see blane walk across the STREET , a convertible pull up , driven by a very beautiful young woman . blane get into the passenger seat and motion her to drive . angle c.u. moore looking on . angle : he Pov , on blane's car , as it drive off , blane turn back to look at moore one last time , then shrug and turn forward . angle , on moore , as he walk across the STREET , turn a corner and stand before a garage door . moore use the key and open a SMALL door set into the overhead door of the garage . he enter the dark garage . angle int the garage . a newish truck , with a large engine lashed onto its bed . the engine be painted in fresh black paint . behind it , the old batter pickup truck , up on a jack , its bed full of the rusted pipe of the discarde boxing equipment , and the old rotten leather " heavybag . " moore take out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter , he be about to light a cigarette , when he look over at the new truck . he put the cigarettes down on the old truck , bend down , and pick up a can of black paint . he walk to the new truck and apply touchup paint to the engine lashed in the back . he nods at it , and then , satisfied , he take a tarp and cover the engine . he get into the new pickup truck and start it . while it warm up he goe to the front of the garage , wiping the black paint off of he hand with a rag . he raise the shed door , to reveal fran stand there . he smile and kiss her and take her back toward the new pickup truck . he open the passenger door . moore yeah , I know you would show . fran good , good plan , baby ... moore yeah , I would not clear my throat , without a backup plan ... 124 . fran that 's the right way to do it . moore end of the day , though , end of the day , what 's the important thing ...? fran that 's right . moore what 's the important thing ...? ( pause ) fran shame about pinky ... moore you hear . ( of truck ) come on , get in . fran y'all load up ? he lift the tarp to reveal the engine , coated in black paint , sitting there . he recover it . moore c'mon , get in , we will talk on the road . you hear about pinky ... fran yeah . I hear . I be sorry about that . moore yeah , well , it just go bad there , that little bit . dinnit ...? fran yes , it do . moore touch the bruise on he head . moore ...yes , it do ... it get kind of convincing . fran ... and , so , you get hurt . moore well , you can not do it halfway , can you ...? fran no , anything you do , you get to do full - out . do not you ? 125 . moore indeed you do . fran and , sometimes ... ( pause ) moore ( touch he forehead , and the bruise , wince ) then , that 's just the price . fran that 's right . that 's what you teach I . that 's part of it . moore well , but do not you do great . play it down to the last record syllable ... fran I go to a good school . moore never see it do n'y better . you hotwalk that dude so good . fran ... thank you , Joe . moore cool he out the livelong day . you make it look so real . he move to the front of the shed . and turn out the light . he walk back toward fran , who be stand at the truck . moore ( cont would ) ( to himself ) ... yes , you do . fran well , you know ... ( pause ) moore ... what d' you mean , " that 's part of it ? " fran I do not get you ? moore I be talk about pinky . fran uh huh . 126 . moore I say we pay the price . and you say . we pay part of it . ( pause ) fran yes . that 's right . moore ... what 's the rest of it ...? ( pause ) what 's the rest of it ...? angle xcu moore . as he look at fran . angle fran , as she look beyond moore . angle on moore as he turn . bella be stand behind he . bella hold a pistol . he move to moore , and he frisk he , and find nothing , and take a step away . angle , on moore , as he look from bella to fran . moore ( cont would ) oh. ( pause ) bella well . they do not always leave with the one they come in with . moore ( pause ) oh. bella look at the truck . he look inquiringly , at fran . fran ( to moore ) it be dead , anyway . ( pause ) you know it be . moore be it ...? fran ( pause ) you should not of send I to he . moore well , you can not think of everything . ( pause ) 127 . moore I be sorry . ( pause ) fran well ... moore I be sorry ... fran you know it be over ... fran ( cont would ) ( to bella ) ... it 's in the back . bella walk to the back of the tarp , raise a corner , look in . he look at he hand , and take out a handkerchief , and wipe off the black paint . he lower the tarp down . moore ( of bella ) why dun ' he shoot I ? fran Cause it 's over . it 's all do . that 's the deal . moore he be not gonna shoot I ? fran no. moore then he have not aughta point a gun at I . ( pause ) it 's insincere ... moore sit down on a unopened wooden BOX , in the doorway of the garage . moore ( cont would ) oh , God , I be tired ... fran ( to moore ) I be sorry , baby . moore well , no . you tell I , " you know he before . " fran that 's right . I do . ( to bella ) ( more ) 128. fran ( cont would ) get in and drive ( to moore ) I be sorry . moore you say that . ( pause ) well . ( pause ) you must be under quite a lot of stress . fran hmm . moore it be a pretty plan , though , wunnit ...? fran cute as a chinese baby ... moore thanks for everything . ( fran get up into the truck ) fran you will be alright . moore you think so ? fran you always be . ( pause ) moore well , I miss this trick , though , do not I ...? fran ... the best laid plan of mouse and man ... moore ... what ? fran I say nobody 's perfect . ( pause ) you take care . ( to bella ) alright , let 's go . the truck drive off . angle on moore , as he slowly shake he head . he sigh . he walk back into the shed . 129 . he walk to the old abandoned pickup , where he left he cigarettes and lighter . he take out a cigarette , and hold it to he lip . he hesitate . he crumble it , and throws it to the floor . lower the pickup to the ground , using the hydraulic jack . he sigh , and slam the tailgate on the old metal frame of the boxing equipment . the tailgate doe not close . he slam it again . and it close . he walk over and get in the cab of the old pickup . angle the old metal frame in the bed of the pickup truck . we see that the tailgate have jammed onto the old metal pipe , and the pipe' paint have chipped to reveal that the pipe be gold , and we see , on the base of the pipe , where the paint have chipped , faintly , the letter credit INTERNATIONAL do geneve . angle on moore , in the truck , as it pull out of the garage . fade out . ----------------- heist a screenplay by david mamet copyright '' 1998 , 1999 by david mamet c/o howard rosenstone rosenstone / wender . n.y.c. MARCH , 1999