hellraiser III : hell on earth written by Peter Atkins original Story by Peter Atkins &amp ; tony randel 1st draft May 8 1991 bobbi thomson revise May 29 1991 William Morris Agency revise June 13 1991 151 El camino drive revise July 1 1991 beverly Hills CA 90212 1 ext . derelict STREET twilight night be fall in a forget part of the city . the street - light be a joke - three out of four be dead . only a large moon and some cloud-streaked star illuminate this dark and derelict street . once the hub of a industrial area , now the building be abandon , the sidewalk choke with litter and debris . store be board - up , window be glassless , wall be graffity . at various point , several bum warm they hand at trash - can fire . angle on two bum - as they eye move , follow something move down the street . Heard off be the sound of a smooth and powerful engine . angle on STREET down this boulevard of decay and despair drive a incongruously expensive car - a Range Rover . a rich kid be go shopping . the car cruise the ruin until it pull up outside the only open store on the block . angle on store a dim light bulb shine within - the only indicator that the store be still trading . its window be grimy , its door deface . above the door - barely legible through the accrue dirt of city year - a sign ; carducci be antique and curio . angle on car the side door open - help on its way by the kick of a expensive leather boot - and jp monroe step out . jp be 24 , rich , handsome , and spoiled . his hair be slick with designer - grease , he slim frame be wrap in a $ 600 leather jacket . for a moment he survey the store and cast contemptuous glance up and down the ruin street . he show no anxiety at be in this twilight part of town . cocoon in the confidence of wealth , he 's never feel threaten in he life . satisfied he 's in the right place , he walk confidently through the doorway . 2 int . carducci be antique night the store itself look like a antique - old wood panell and shelving , victorian display case , and fade wallpaper . it be grimy , dusty , and dimly - light - and apparently unattend . it be pack with merchandise - shelf and aisle overflow onto the floor make the place a maze to walk through . the stock be a strange surreal mix . discard item from 50 's America ( norge fridge , toaster , frankie lymon album ) share space with older item ; frame picture , victorian automata , wax doll , and ( a specialty of the store ? ) item of punishment ; stock , iron boot , chastity belt , whip . could that really be a electric chair glimpse in the shadow back of the room ? angle on jp he wander through the merchandise , casting appraise glance at some item . some he even run he hand over - grimace at the dust and grime they leave on he finger . but he manner suggest he be look for something specific . near the room 's center be a old hoard from the dead day of vaudeville and travel show . it be tall and broad and be lean against something behind it . angle on hoarding - which be colorfully and garishly decorate and full of hyperbolic come - on to long - dead punter : you will be amazed ! they shouldn't be alive ! freak of nature ! a educational show for all the family presented under the auspice of professor emmanuel bocklin , tragedian and menagerist . angle on jp - as he move the hoard aside . jp wow ... revealed be a six - foot tall black rectangular pillar , cover in beautifully detailed 3 - D carving all in the same matt- black finish as the pillar itself . the pillar be extremely bizarre , as if a New York avant - garde sculptor have interprete a totem pole for jade modern taste . the carving be of dead rat , copulate skeleton , filigree - pattern box , and face . one of this face - recognizable to the audience but not to jp - be the ossify visage of pinhead , the demon from the first two hellraiser picture . 3 angle on jp - as he lean in to study this face , already fascinate by its calm cruelty and promise of dark wisdom . a voice off startles he . bum you want it ? jp whirl round in shock . a bum be stand close to he . angle on bum he have long matte black hair and a similarly greasy beard . his eye be a pierce , excited blue . otherwise he be indistinguishable from that we see on the street outside '' rag , tatty clothes , feature blacken with grime . angle on jp - as he glance round the store and past the bum to the door beyond ; have this character just wander in from the street ? jp be it yours ? angle on both the bum smile , shaking he head knowingly . bum no. not mine . your . jp nod , still a little uncertain . jp how much do you want for it ? bum whatever you think its worth . jp dig a hand into he back pocket and pull out a wad of cash . without count or check , he proffer it . the bum 's hand fly out and sieze jp 's , press the money between they palm , make the exchange into a handclasp . in the background , out of focus , be pinhead 's face on the pillar . bum ( off ) enjoy ... 4 the focus switch so that the hand in foreground blur and pinhead 's freeze face become sharp , as if he be silently watch this deal take place . the bum 's hand move away with the money as we fade to black int . hospital emergency room night blackness . Voice over . joey it 's a mystery to I ... smash - CUT to full - frame video image image of joanne summerskill , stand and look directly into camera , as if we be watch a tv broadcast . in shot behind she be a quiet hospital emergency room - no patient , no staff , just bed and intensive - care equipment . joanne - or joey , as she prefer to be call - be 23 year old , a attractive and clever brunette , with a quiet sadness in she eye that she usually manage to keep almost hide . dress in the stylish but sedate garb of a tv newsperson , she hold a microphone mark with the logo of she station , W - qqy . her direct address to the unseen tv camera continue . joey most night this inner-city emergency room would be a chaos of blood and panic and grace under pressure . but tonight , as you see , it 's like death take a holiday . it 's a mystery to I ... a mystery how that asshole at assignment know it . this be joey summerskill for w-qqy . emergency room . no story . really , really piss off . despite the nature of she last few word , joey have ironically keep up the manner and delivery of a newscaster . now , she break mood , look away from the camera , and , with a dismissive wave of the hand , begin to walk out of shot . joey ah , break it down , Doc . it 's a bust . CUT to wide - to reveal that we be not watch a broadcast at all but be in the er in real time . as well as joey , the room contain she cameraman ( " doc " fisher ) and a er nurse . 5 Doc - a 45 year old with a weight problem , a nicotine addiction , and a cynical attitude - lower a shoulder - mount video camera and watch joey walk to a water - cooler against a wall . his expression be a mix of exasperation and sympathy . the nurse be a middle - age woman of asian ancestry . she have a puzzle expression as she address Doc . nurse she can talk like this on television ? she can say this thing ? this asshole ? Doc reply but keep he eye on joey as he cross to she . doc no sweat , sweetheart . it 's for the european satellite .... joey ; rein it in , kid . they could not have know . joey suck angrily at water from a paper - cup and then crush and bin the cup like a act of revenge . joey I know . I know . but it 's just so ... neat , be not it ? the first gig that be not cute kid or diet gurus and it 's take away from I . doc yeah , well like you say - it 's a mystery . but that 's all it be . mystery . not malice . what , you think the station pay off every accident victim in the city to ... ? Doc be interrupt by the ringing of a cell - phone he have holster at he waist . he pick it up . doc speak . cellphone doc. 24th and Cedar . fast. hostage situation . doc ok . listen - joey 's here . shall ... cellphone no need . Martin 's already there . hurry . you have get ambulance to beat . the line go dead . Doc look at joey . she hear it all . he shrug apologetically . 6 joey better hurry , Doc . a real story . with a real reporter . doc joey .... look , you wanna ride ? I can go by you place . joey you would lose the money - shot . no. I will catch a bus . or a cab . do not worry about it . go. doc ok . be careful . and lighten up . Story of you life could be right round the corner . joey that be the story of my life . with a rueful smile , joey watch Doc leave . joey and the nurse exchange glance - joey 's impassive but vaguely friendly , the nurse 's a little disapprove ; if the camera 's go , what the hell be you still do here ? int . hospital corridor night joey make she solitary way along a medium - length corridor that have two set of double swing door at either end , one set give on to the er , the other toward a exit . joey be head for the latter , she mood sad and defeat . angle on exit door suddenly - smash ! - the door burst open from the other side . angle on corridor the mood be suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney be wheeled rapidly through the door . two paramedics , both male , both about joey 's age , be push the gurney at a run and talk rapidly to each other . they completely ignore joey and also ignore the teenage girl who be run beside the gurney . the girl - terri - be 18 or 19 . she be a pale - face blonde dress as if for a desperately - seek - Susan party and be keep up a stream of chatter as if rehearse excuse . 7 as joey flatten herself against the corridor wall to let they pass , it be neither the paramedics nor terri that get she attention . it be the boy on the gurney . angle on gurney / boy the teenage boy lie flat on he back semi-conscious , he eyelid flutter , he breathe shallow . horribly , shockingly , dangle from he face and body be long , heavy chain that drag and rattle along the corridor floor . there be at least sixteen of they and they seem firmly bury in he skin . angle on corridor the dialogue as the gurney be rush to the er door be rapid - FIRE and overlapped , the paramedics respond only to each other and ignore the two girl comment and question . terri it be not my fault . it be not my fault . paramedic 1 10 milligram iv valium stat . how the fuck do this happen ... ?! terri it be outside . I be not even with he . paramedic 2 you ever see anything like this before ? terri he must have steal it . joey what 's go on ? paramedic 1 yeah , sure . five time a fuck day . just push ! once the gurney have pass she , joey run along behind it . terri it be off the statue . in the club . joey what happen to he ? paramedic 2 think they will get he back ? 8 terri it 's nothing to do with I . paramedic 1 worst case of status I have see . even money at best . the foot of the gurney slam into the er door and the paramedics slide it rapidly through . joey wait ! I be a reporter ! tell I where he be ... angle on er through door the nurse and a middle - age doctor be see through the door prepare emergency equipment . the Doctor already have fibrillator pad in he hand . the paramedics follow the gurney through and , turn rapidly , push the door close from the inside . angle on corridor joey and terri be alone , exclude from the er activity . joey turn to speak but terri be already halfway to the other door . joey run after she . joey hold on . hold on , please . I need talk to you . terri ( over she shoulder ) it 's nothing to do with I . I be not even with he . joey catch up with she a couple of yard short of the door . she grab at she arm to slow she down . terri turn , snatching she arm away in a sudden moment of fierce anger . she back toward the door , make gesture of dismissal and denial with she hand . terri look , lady ! I tell you ! it 's not my problem ! I be just there ! joey where ? 9 terri under the Underground . can I like go now ?! joey under the Underground ? what 's that ? where be ... suddenly , the conversation be interrupt by a shatteringly loud scream , agonize and terrify , come from the er . both girl freeze but then they reaction be very different : joey turn instantly and run back toward the er . terri watch she for a beat and then head through the other door . the scream continue , a howling horrible sound . joey reach the er door and throw they open . and freeze in terrify shock . int . emergency room night the doctor - be on the floor , as if flung there by some powerful force . the fibrillator pad be still in he hand and he expression be awe -struck and disbely . the nurse - be cower behind a mobile tray of surgical instrument , mutter to herself and make the gesture of the cross . the two paramedics - be flatten against the far wall , terror on they face . angle on table the Boy be on the emergency table . it 's he that 's scream . his body be arched tight in shock , eye and mouth wide open . he 's wire up to a ecg and the monitor show a heartbeat that should be measure on the richter scale . the chain - all still connect to he face and he body '' be rigid and tight , be pull straight up into the air as if tug taut by invisible hand . the boy 's skin be stretch and pull at that point where the chain be connect to he and it seem horribly possible that he flesh will burst if the pressure continue . 10 the scene be hold for a terrible freeze moment . then suddenly the chain drop , the scream stop , and the boy 's body slump . there be a massive electrical surge . the ecg flat - line before it and the other monitor go haywire , sparking and spluttering . CUT to wide the light in the room flicker and strobe . the fibrillator pad arc angrily . the Doctor fling they away . electric ENERGY seem to run along the slump chain and they disappear as if dissolve in some impossible electric meltdown . lighting and machinery return to normal ( ecg still flat - lining ) and the medical staff stare thunder - strike at the dead boy . for the first time , the other people in the er become aware of joey 's presence in the doorway . doctor who 's that ? get she out of here ! the nurse head for the door . joey be already back away . angle through door into corridor - as joey back away , a expression of numbe shock on she face . the door close over , block she out . angle on fibrillator pad - still arcing . cross -fade to int . cross - town bus night close on flicker neon light in the bus cabin . angle on joey - glance at the light from she seat . joey' Pov - various angle the bus be almost desert . Three other passenger - a punk , a bag lady , and a wino - be spread out around the interior . all seem lose in world of they own but they vacant alienate stare highlight joey 's isolation and tension . fear have enter she life . 11 the bus move through the neon-lit loneliness of downtown street . angle on joey - she face , light by reflect store -sign and street - light , be lose and distant , as if she be submerge in some dream - sea of memory and sadness . int . tv station , editing suite day a wall of tv monitor , each monitor show joey sit on a couch with a painfully thin older woman - brittany vertue . Brittany 's probably 50 but she face be as tight and smooth as surgery can make it . she be dress in the standard uniform of the health -avatar ; brightly - color leotard over black tight . joey have a big paperback book - beyond hunger ; the brittany vertue guide to holistic dieting - which she hold to camera . she smile and , turn to face Brittany , cross she leg . the image freeze . and replay . joey cross she leg again . and again . and again . brad ( over ) see ? this be what I mean . you technique be all wrong . CUT to wide joey ( in real time ) be sit in a easy chair in the editing suite look at the wall of monitor . brad , a techie in he late-twenty , and doc fisher be in swivel chair immediately in front of the video console . all three be drink coffee . Doc be smoking a cigarette . joey ( guardedly ) what do you mean ? brad I mean hardly any thigh . I be tell you , joey ; short skirt , more lift on the leg-cross ... and you be make . Doc chuckle in a half - friendly , half - sleazy way . joey fuck you . 12 brad what , you think I be kid ? I guarantee it . a inch more flank . boy upstairs get hot . bingo , you be a anchor-woman . joey ( to herself ) Jesus Christ ... doc ah , give she a break . Doc lean over and stop the tape . brad ( to Doc ) what 's with you ? he swivel he chair round to face joey . brad c'mon , joey . I be just try to help you hit a home run here . joey yeah ? well , you just strike out . it may be a surprise to you , Brad , but I want to do it the right way . not tight skirt . tight storey . brad right . like last night 's doozie . joey I know what I see . brad and I believe what you say . but this be tv . no picture , no story . doc yeah , too bad I have to go and ... brad ... and cover something on Planet Earth . see , you gotta remember , joey ; this be a local station . as in local to this galaxy . joey slam she coffee mug down and stand up . joey there 's a story out there . 13 brad ( jump in warningly ) not on station time . joey no . not on station time . my story . my time . joey exit . Brad watch she leave with a half - smile on he face then turn to Doc . brad lot of attitude there , Doc ... he start up the video tape again and , on the monitor , joey once again cross she leg on the couch . brad ... but great leg . int . under the underground night close on a scream male face , twisted as in pain or fury . pull back rapidly to reveal the face belong to the lead singer of thanatos . he be on a nightclub stage with the rest of the band , all of they dress in that shit- poor-white - trash - on - dope look favore by all such rich young businessman with guitar . a tatty banner across the back of the stage proclaim : under the underground present thanatos . the scream end , replace with the roaring thunder of drum and guitar as thanatos kick into some thrash -metal . the dance - floor of the club be pack with kide dance to the incredibly fast , incredibly loud music . many of the kid favor the same look as the band but it 's not exclusive ; college type be there too , along with some '' male and female - sport the glitz-meet - sleaze look of terri . the club itself be of course dimly - light and the basic decor be black . where it be distinguished from hundred of other be in the bizarre sculpture and piece of artwork that hang from the ceiling and wall , all in tone of black , silver and gray : various angle on sculpture a headless , armless torso wrap in barb wire . a pair of male and female head . bonsai-like tree grow out of every orifice - eye-socket , nostril , ear , and mouth . 14 a human arm with the skin and flesh of its upper half peel open and pin out to reveal inside - instead of bone and sinew - a entire miniature metropolis , beautifully detailed . a black bird cage contain a fetal skeleton . various angle on club kid also crowd the bar and the table on the outskirt of the dance floor . it be a hot , sweaty , faintly aggressive atmosphere - people jostling for position , shouting to be hear , etc etc . the camera find joey - incongruous by dress and demeanor '' push she way among the crowd . the music be too loud and overpower to hear joey 's voice but it be clear as she move through the confines of the club that she be approach various people and enquire after terri . four kide at a table - shake they head and shrug . a punk - stare blankly and blink . two bimbos - giggle , purse they lip , shake they head . joey - catch sight of a blonde figure move across the dance floor and push through the crowd to follow . she tap the figure 's arm but , as it turn , she realize it be a man '' some 70 's revivalist glitter -rocker . he look quizzically at she . joey 's mouth move and this time she seem to get some response . the glitter - rocker mouth a name . joey can not hear he . she hand he a business card and a pen . he scrawl a name on the back of the card and joey nod she thanks as he move on . close angle on card - as joey read the name " terri " on it . she flip the card to reveal she name and number and write " terri - please call ! " . angle on bar 15 - as joey push to the counter and hand the card to a barman who look at it , nod , and put it beneath the counter . angle on exit - as joey make she way out . angle on dance floor camera move into the tightly - pack throng on the dance floor , make its way slowly toward the previously unseen center . the crowd part slightly to reveal , in the direct center of the floor , the tall black pillar from the open sequence . the pillar be mount on a plinth and spin as the clientele dance around it . it seem very in keep with the decor of the club but even so it be a strong unsettle presence . the pillar have be mount upside down , so that it look even odder than we first glimpse of it . near the bottom the invert face of pinhead , black and freeze , can be see . the camera begin to spin around the pillar in contrary motion to the pillar 's own movement and , as it do so , draw closer and closer make for a disorient , vertiginous image . as this happen , the raucous sound of the band thanatos begin to fade into a whirl of echo and to be replace by a whirring , spin , sound which we only recognize fully as we CUT to ext . dense jungle day ( joey' dream ) the screen be fill with dense jungle foliage . the chugge spin sound be now identifiable as the sound of helicopter blade , one element of a SOUND montage convey the sense and feel of a jungle War ; helicopter in flight , machine gun fire , distant explosion , confuse shout and cry . a Pov camera push its way through the lush , humid greenery . the camera seem to be search for something , glance this way and that , shove leave and tall grass aside . voice begin to emerge clearly from the SOUND Mass off-screen as if the unseen seeker be get nearer to he or she goal . soldier 1 ( off ) call for a medi-vac ! 16 soldier 2 ( off ) do not die , man ! do not fuck die ! the dialogue prompt a more furious effort on the part of the Pov camera . push frantically through the obscure foliage , it finally gain a clearer view and stop , look ahead . in a tiny clear , ten foot from the camera , still partially obscure by the jungle , two camouflage - clad soldier lean over the prone body of a third . it be unclear due to distance but there be a lot of blood on the soldier 's body and uniform . a new sound join the SOUND montage - a persistent , rhythmic , ringing sound . the other element die away until only this be leave and we recognize it as the sound of a telephone as we CUT to int . bedroom , joey' apartment night joey jerk upright in bed as the ringing continue . confused and disorient , she eye fly around she darken bedroom as if she 's try to understand where she be and what be happen . finally , she register the phone and lean toward she bedside table to pick it up . angle on bedside table - favor the luminous display of a alarm clock next to the phone . its warm green figure show the time be 2:35 . joey ( off. sleepily ) God . this better be birth , marriage , or death ... angle on joey - as she pick up the handset and put it to she ear . joey uh-huh ? terri ( on phone ) uh ... hi ! be this ... er ... joanne summerskill ? joey joey . yeah , who be this ? 17 terri you like ... leave I a card ? at the club ? joey right . right ! joey swing out of bed to sit on the edge , much more alert now . terri right ... so ... well , what do you want ? joey I want to talk to you . we meet ... now , listen , do not hang up , ok ? ... we meet at the hospital last night . terri oh yeah . yeah . well ... look , I will make a deal with you ... my boyfriend throw I out , right ? I will trade you . you give I couch -space . I will give you talk . ok ? joey can not resist another glance at the clock . joey yeah . sure . you mean ... tonight ? terri ( surprise at joey 's surprise . bit of a culture clash here ) of course tonight . be that a problem ? like , if you have get a guy there or something ... joey no. no . it 's fine . come now . I be have bad dream anyway . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night close on the front door of the apartment as it open to reveal terri lean against the doorframe . clad identically to how we last see she , terri clutches a well - stuff leather bag , contain all she worldly possession . terri hi. how're you do ? not wait for either reply or invitation , she move forward . CUT to wide 18 - as terri walk past the dress - gown joey and head straight for joey 's sofa and sprawl on it , lay she bag on the floor beside she . terri you get anything to drink ? joey close the door , raise eyebrow register she slight disapproval at terri 's cavalier attitude . her voice , however , be polite . joey I put some decaf on . er ... make yourself comfortable . terri right . joey walk past terri and through to she kitchen , from where we hear the sound of coffee be poured . terri look around at joey 's room . various angle on room the large and spacious room suggest that even if joey be dissatisfied with she job she 's at least be pay enough to make it bearable . the room be very order , very neat , but stop short of be prissy . a very large picture window take up all of one wall . at the moment of course the drape be close . another wall be take up by a huge shelf unit pack with book , video , and CD . joey 's obsession with " get the whole story " seem to be true of she personal life as well as she professional . angle on terri - have finish she quick examination , she call out . terri so ... what be you bad dream ? joey re-enter , carry two mug of coffee . joey what ? terri you dream . you say you be have a bad dream . joey oh yeah ... 19 she hand one coffee to terri and sit opposite she . joey ... well , I have be have it for year . it 's not a nightmare or anything . it 's ... well , I know what it be . terri what be it ? joey why be you so interested ? terri sorry . joey no . no , it 's ok . I ... it 's my father . terri ( sympathetic , know ) oh , right . do he use to ... ? joey God , no ! nothing like that . no , he die before I be bear . he die in Vietnam . I never know he . never meet he . we do not even know the detail . I dream of battlefield . of search . of try to find out . terri that 's great . joey what ? terri no ... I mean , it 's not like great about you dad or anything . it 's just I do not dream . never have . ... maybe it would help if I sleep sometime ... just kid ... no , so it 's always neat for I to hear about dream . I be jealous . it 's like everybody have another world except I . you know what I mean ? joey I know what you be say but ... never ? you have never have a dream ? no , you know , you do . you must . what you mean be you do not remember they . 20 terri whatever . all I know be - this be it for I . just I , my bag , and a series of shithead boyfriend . it would be good to see something else . have a nighttime life . be somebody different . terri pause , then smile like she 's just realize something . terri hey ... this be great , be not it ? just girl talk . like have a conversation ? good coffee . you get a cigarette ? joey wait , let herself catch up with terri 's good - nature but marginally strung - out personality . she look around the room as if try to remember where there be cigarettes . joey uh ... yeah . yeah , somewhere . wait a minute . joey cross to the big shelf - unit and pull out a conceal pack of cigarettes , a Zippo lighter , and a ashtray from behind a shelf of video . we notice that the video be the world at war , volume 1 through 26 . she bring the smoke to terri . terri great . thanks . you gonna have one ? joey I be try to quit . terri oh , go on . have one . fuck it . you think you be go to live forever ? she smile and proffer the pack to joey who shrug , smile , and take one . terri pick up the Zippo and spark it . a huge flame leap out of the lighter , produce a instant of terror from terri . joey pull the lighter back from terri and close the lid extinguish the flame . terri draw a book of match from she pocket shakily attempt to light she cigarette . joey sorry . it be my father 's . it 's temperamental . terri it 's okay . it 's just someone burn I once . 21 joey take the book of match from terri 's hand and light both cigarettes . terri take a long , fearful look at the burn flame and then take a deep , calming drag of she cigarette . terri wanna know how I look at it ? Way I see it be ... you give up , right ? Three day later , you get hit by a fuck truck and you know - you just know '' that you last think as you go under that wheel would be " Jesus H. Christ , I coulda smoke another three pack ! " she lay the book of match down . joey 's eye go to they . angle on match Black letter on the dark - grey cover : under the underground . angle on joey and terri terri 's eye flick to the match - book and she mood change , become subdued and a little sullen . terri oh . you wanna talk about that stuff . joey yes I do . terri , something awful happen to that boy . I have to find out what it be . terri but I do not know anything ! really . I just come out of the club and the kid be already in the street . he ... joey do you know he ? terri no. I would see he in there a few time before . he be just a punk . I would never like dance with he or anything . anyway , he be a thief . he must have take it from the statue . joey taken what ? terri the thing ! he be lie there in the street , moan . but he point at it ... 22 joey wait a minute . he be already ... wounded ... when you find he ? terri yeah ! that 's what I be say ! and it be lie next to he . and he point at it before he pass out and ... joey wait . wait . the chain . where do the chain come from ? terri that 's what I be try to tell you ! ... terri rummages in she bag , get hold of something . terri he say they come out of this . she hold she hand out and the camera track in to meet it . angle on terri's hand / BOX resting on she palm be a black cube about 4 inch square . it have the same matt - black carbonize look as the pillar and be recognizable as one of the " carving " we see on it . there be fine filigree pattern - work over each of its surface and , to audience familiar with the hellraiser movie , the box be recognizable despite its black coating ; it be the lament configuration , the puzzle box that open the door to Hell . there be a stubby shard of material protrude from one side of the box - presumably where the boy from er have break it off the pillar . camera favor this jag shard as we cross -fade to int . under the underground night angle on pillar very close on its upper leave section . we be look at a hole in the pillar that match the pattern of the shard on the box . CUT to wide the club be empty . the dim lighting of work hour have be replace with the sickly gleam of one or two fluorescent tube and the club have that eerie not-quite-right look that all night place have when subject to a harsh light . 23 two worker be in the final stage of clear the night 's debris - empty trash into big black plastic bag , wiping down table and bar etc . work complete , they head to the main exit . one of they hit the light switch so that the fluorescent clarity be again replace by the more appropriate dim lighting . the other shout across the apparently desert club . worker all do , Mr. Monroe . they stand a second but no response come . the first turn to the second and shrug . worker ( mouth silently ) ass hole . his co - worker grin and they let themselves out . a beat . another door open into the club and jp Monroe '' the club 's owner and the man we see buy the pillar - walk into the main room of the club from he private room at the back . jp walk out into the shadow darkness of he small kingdom . he describe a circle around the dance floor , throw glance at he odd sculpture , and finally walk into the center of the room to stand before the pride of he collection , the pillar . the pillar of course be stationary at this time , though it be still mount upside down . jp smile possessively at the pillar - and then register the mutilation where the box have be rip away . jp what the ... ? he lean in closer to stare at the hole . suddenly , jarringly , there be a quiet but distinct squeak that seem to come from within the hole . jp start back a little , a small expression of anxiety on he normally supercilious face . he glance to right and leave , get a grip , and lean forward again . angle on pillar / hole - as , again , the noise come . be it a squeak - or be it the creak shifting of hide machinery , hide chain ? 24 jp 's hand move tentatively into shot , approach the hole . slowly , slowly , it reach wrist - deep into the blackness . angle on jp very close on jp 's face - quizzical , enquire ... and suddenly contort in pain ! jp aaaaaahh !! angle on pillar / hole - as jp 's hand whip out of the hole , shaking in shock and pain . a rat be hang on to one of jp 's finger , its sharp tooth bury in the flesh ! jp swing he arm violently through the air , dislodge the rat with the force of he swing . a spray of blood be see to come from jp 's wounded finger . angle on rat - as it land heavily in a shadow corner of the club and scurries away deeper into the darkness , squeaking furiously . angle on jp - as he look down at he finger , face snarling . jp Son of a ... angle on finger very close . blood seep from the tiny tooth mark . jp ( off ) ... bi ... jp 's voice be cut off by a strange sizzling noise hear off . jp 's face move up to look at the pillar . a look of awe and shock cross he face . angle on pillar some small drop of blood stand out bright red on the blackness of the pillar . the sizzling noise be come from they . suddenly the drop draw together magically into one large ruby of blood - already larger than possibility would allow . then it get wierder ; the blood suddenly dissipate into six or seven little rivulet that begin to run down the pillar . 25 the stream of blood do not simply fall straight . they seem to follow some pre-gouge pattern , run down the pillar trace the blacken organic contour of the carving . they all culminate at the point of pinhead 's chin - and then separate again , run over he freeze black face along the carve scar line that make a matrix across he feature . when every canal line on the demon 's face be fill neatly with blood , a blue light seem to glow from within the pillar through pinhead 's face , give it temporarily the blue tone he have enjoy in ( un ) life . angle on jp close on he awe -struck face - bath in reflect blue light . angle on pinhead - as gradually the blueness subside again , the visible blood vanish with it , leave the same freeze implacable blackness as before but charge now with a wait power . fade to black int . kitchen , joey' apt . day ( next morning ) blackness joey ( off ) oh my God ... close on stove top a fry pan sit atop a burner . it contain the ugliest mess of scramble egg you have ever see ... or perhaps it 's a omelette . there be other ingredient in there but they be burnt so black they be unrecognizable . at least half of the mixture lie all over the stove top instead of in the pan . joey ( off ) do I sleep through a earthquake ? various angle - show the chaos all around the kitchen : spill flour on work surface ; egg-shells on the linoleum ; a knock - over glass of orange juice , the juice soaking into a piece of kitchen roll ; coffee as black and thick as a mix of indian ink and molass . CUT to wide 26 joey , in she dress - gown , stand in the doorway with a shocked expression on she face . terri , in a oversize man 's shirt , stand by the stove hold a fish-slice and smile nervously . terri I figure I would make breakfast . joey right ... that 's ... er ... that 's nice of you , terri . can I ask ? be it always this ... exploratory ? terri ha ! I do not know yet . first time . Kitchen virgin , that 's I . joey nod slowly , crossing to a cabinet and take out some instant coffee . joey I will boil some water . terri I will do it ! joey no ! no , that 's ok . I like to . I love boil water . it 's a specialty of mine . why do not you go watch cartoon ? joey watch terri walk out of the kitchen , sigh in relief , and grab the kettle . int . MAIN room , joey' ap 't . joey sit , drink she coffee , as terri walk round the room with hers . terri this be great . and it 's yours ? you like own it ? joey the bank own it . but I be work on it . terri jeez , I have never own anything . I have not even have a room of my own since I be fifteen year old . 27 joey how have you ... ? terri guy . sometimes friend . mostly guy . terri walk past joey 's tv set ( sound down , cartoon play ) . angle on tv the box be on top of the tv . in the warm light of morning it seem innocuous and harmless , like just another ornament . different angle - as terri walk on , pause by the shelf of book . terri wow. lotta book . you read all this ? joey no . I buy they to impress people . of course I have read they . terri cool . I read a book once . it be like all this people discover who they use to be . you know , like reincarnation ? it be really good . you ever read that ? joey I do not think so . but it 's a fascinating subject . do you ... but terri have already move on . she be by the big picture window . the drape be now open . terri great view ! great view ! look at this ! joey stand and walk to join terri . joey actually , I be pretty familiar with the view ... girl ' Pov - through window joey 's apartment be on a high floor and she window overlook many lower building , give a view of the city beyond . 28 joey ( off ) ... but it be good . you know , over to the leave , you can ... terri ( look to right and point ) who 's that ? on the flat roof of a nearby building , a retarded teenage boy sit motionless in a old rusty deck chair next to a small Jerry -built pigeon coop . its door be open and it be empty . the boy be some distance from the girl but he solitude , he stillness , and the empty coop beside he lend the scene a atmosphere of sadness and loss . as joey tell he story , we intercut between the Pov of the roof and the girl at the window . joey I do not know he name ... I see the whole story . a wounded bird be on he roof . I could hear its cry from here . he go straight to it . I could not have . I would be freeze between pity and fear . but he be not . its pain speak directly to he . he pick it up . nurse it . fed it . and it get better . everyday he would watch the pigeon . everyday the pigeon would watch he . I see he learn . learn that there be one more thing he have to do to make the rescue complete . and one day , just as afternoon become evening , he lean over , open the cage , and walk away . do not look back . but he hear the sound of its wing . terri and he still sit there ? joey every day . terri maybe he think it will come back . joey no . he know it will not . it be he final act of love and part of he know that and part of he do not yet . 29 terri bullshit ! he should have keep it . it would live longer ! it 's dangerous out there ! people get hurt ! angle on joey - as she realize she have a wounded pigeon of she own . joey what ? I be not talk about ... I ... do you want to stay ? you want to stay here for a while ? terri shrug , give a nervous smile . joey cross to the tv , pick up the box and weigh it in she hand . joey ok . ok . it 's a do deal . but look '' you have to help I . I have get to solve this thing . I have get to know what 's go on . terri follow across the room and sit on the sofa . terri but I do not know what 's go on . joey maybe not . but you know more than I do . you know something about this box . something about a statue ? terri yeah . I find it . I know hold like it and I figure ... joey woah . wait a minute . who ? the kid ? terri no. jp . my last boyfriend ? he like own the club . you know ? you be there ? he buy the statue . joey that you find . what do you mean you find it ? 30 terri I be downtown look for a ... a friend . a guy I know . anyway , there be this store . like real old ? lotsa weird shit in there . I see this statue . pillar . thing . I know he would love it . you have see the club . joey would you know this store again ? terri sure . why ? joey it 's Saturday morning . let 's go shopping . ext . derelict STREET day joey 's Mazda 323 drive down the street . the daylight street be still creepy but in a different way ; no bum , no trash - can fire , nothing . it have the feel of a ghost town , as if nothing have breathe here for year . angle in car joey , at the wheel , have a disbely look on she face . terri , smoking , flick ash through she wound - down window . joey Jesus . be you sure this be the street ? terri yeah . happen , be not it ? joey what on earth be you do down here ? a evasive silence . joey terri ? terri buying some drug , alright ? joey oh , terri ... 31 terri for somebody else , alright ? not for I . I do not do that shit anymore . joey then you should not even be around it . you know , it 's ... terri here ! here ! pull over ! joey bring the car to a halt outside the antique store . terri scramble out of the passenger door . terri yeah . see . I tell you it be here . close angle on joey - as she look at terri from behind , she face worried for she new and screw - up friend . int . carduccis antique day joey and terri enter the store . the store be different , its selection of merchandise reduce . the 50' and 60' junk hardware be still there , along with some of the more mundane victoriana , but it seem more " normal " '' none of the odd item of punishment memorabilia be there . also , because it be daylight , the store seem merely old , interesting , and musty , not creepy or odd . there seem to be no - one in attendance . angle on girl - as they walk through the store . mama ( off ) can I help ? the voice startles the girl and they jump around to face the counter as mama carducci move into view from beneath it . mama , a ancient and slightly eccentric italian - american woman eye the girl with the suspicion of somebody who have not have a customer in decade . not aggressive , just surprised . 32 joey yes . thank you . we be wonder ... terri , show she the box . terri remove the box from she purse and hold it up . mama no. sorry . not interested . not for my customer . have you try ... joey no . no , you do not understand . we be not sell it . it come from here . we want ... mama everything sell as be . no guarantee . no return . joey no . we want ... mama I take back everything buy on a whim , I would have no business . I ... terri Lady , will you shut the fuck up and give she a break . a sudden silence . both mama and joey stare at terri in surprise . mama look back at joey . mama quite a mouth . so what 's the problem ? you tell I . you I like . joey smile . terri raise she eye to heaven . mama wait . joey thank you . this come off a ... statue ? a pillar . we wonder if you know anything about the piece . about where it come from . mama squint at the box , as if try to recognize it . mama oh ... yeah . yeah . that thing . Ugly . Real ugly . I sell that ? mama 's eye scan the store . 33 mama never mind . I be glad it 's go . make the store feel strange . who would make such a thing ? joey Fine . Fine . but can you tell we anything about it ? mama it be part of a job-lot . some loony - bin they shut down . unclaim stuff . joey what else come with it ? anything still here ? mama sure . just papers , photo . stuff nobody would ever want . joey can we see ? mama you gonna buy ? joey I do not know . maybe . mama right at the back there . Middle shelf . coupla folder . Nice stuff . I would do you a good price . CUT to : angle on rear of store joey and terri approach a old shelf unit along the rear wall . a shaft of sunlight throw a square of light on the wooden floor a few yard in front of the shelf . joey take up a big bulg manilla folder from the shelf and begin to look through it . joey terri , check out the other folder . terri , still hold she purse and the box , look around for somewhere to put they . all the shelf be full . she lay they on the floor in the square of sunlight and join joey at the shelf , grab up the second folder . 34 terri what be I look for ? joey God know . anything . contact . clue . terri open up the folder and begin to pace the floor as she flick through the content . terri Jesus . you be gonna pay she for this shit ? it 's like fuck business papers for God 's sake ! bore , terri wander off to lean against another shelf - unit . angle over joey' shoulder on folder - as she flick through the content . terri 's dismissive summary seem justified . all joey see be obscure and meaningless case - note and paperwork . each item be letter- head the channard institute . joey 's hand reach a large envelope . scrawle in hand across it be the phrase dr . channard - personal paper . joey draw the content out and begin to sift through they . the first item be a dusty , black - and - white photograph of a officer in English Army uniform , circa 1920 . joey blow the dust from the photo . low angle - on BOX - which sit on the floor in the shaft of sunlight , the dust from the photo settling next to it . on joey the next photo be that of a beautiful young woman . joey flip it over . gumm on the back be a type-written slip that say cotton , kirsty case no . 5719 . on BOX the sound of the girl flick through papers be hear off and then fade as something strange begin to happen . suddenly , the dust around the box begin to move as if blow by a invisible wind . it be draw up so that it form a impossible spiral in the air . spin like a miniature hurricane , it hover over the box . the sunlight seem to grow brighter . be it just reflection on the metalwork design or be the box itself glow and shine ? 35 close angle on joey' face - as she eye flick back and forth as she scan ... joey turn another item and she face register surprise at what she be see ... the next item in the folder be a xerox sheet , a reproduction of what appear to be a ancient document . it be a diagram , like a designer 's draw or plan . and it be of the box see from various angle . close angle on joey' face - as she realize what she be look at . joey ( softly ) alright ... joey turn , folder in hand , to look at the box on the floor and compare it to the diagram . joey gasp . the miniature tornado of spiralling dust suddenly disappear inside the apparently seal box as if suck down into it . as if on cue , the shaft of sunlight disappear behind a cloud as the last particle of dust disappear into the box . joey , mouth open in shock , let the folder drop from she hand . the sound of its splay content hit the floor alert terri , who walk back round from the other shelf unit . terri look at the drop content and then up at joey . terri joey ... ? joey ( still stare at box ) help I pick them up , terri . I think the lady just make a sale . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . early evening joey be sit behind a desk . she have a phone in one hand and a pen in the other . spread out over the desk be various document - the photo of kirsty , the diagram of the box , type-written transcript etc - and a scratch - pad on which joey have scrawle several number . 36 joey be in mid-conversation on the phone . joey yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... no , it 's important that I speak to ... what ? no , do not ... ( a beat ) put. me. on. hold . you. stupid . bitch . joey slam the phone down . she stare at the papers , at the scratch pad , take a deep breath , and punch out a number on the phone . this time joey 's voice be different . joey hi. now listen . and listen good . I be the Station manager at W - qqy . for the last half - hour you have be dick around with my assistant . let I tell you something . with or without you co - operation we be make this expose . I assume you be smart enough to guess which version be go to make you look good . now , if you can not put one hand on that cassette and the other on a fedex man 's butt within thirty second then you damn well better put I through to somebody who can . a pause while somebody jump through hoop at the other end . joey 's voice transmogrify again ; now it 's a seductive , persuasive purr . joey Dr. fallon ? how nice of you to take my call . I understand you be in charge of video archive from the channard Institute ... ? int . under the underground night another night in under the Underground kid dance . customer jostle at the bar . couple neck in shadow corner . loud Metal music blast out from speaker next to the various sculpture on the wall and ceiling . 37 the center of the dance - floor be pack . the pillar be miss . angle on bar sitting alone at a bar stool - though surround by tightly - pack customer - be sandy , a very pretty teenage girl . she be the same basic type as terri ; blonde , frail , young . too young , in fact , to be legally in a club like this . Sandy stare at she empty glass - and stare at it wistfully enough to suggest she do not have the money to get it refill . she be try to keep up a cool impassive face but she eye betray she basically vulnerable character . reverse angle sitting at the opposite end of the bar , he eye-line confirm he be look at Sandy , be jp Monroe . the bar-stool beside jp be occupy by a teenage boy who have he back to the bar and be talk to a group of he friend . jp have a speculative , predatory look on he face . without shifting he gaze , he raise he hand and within second the barman be lean over to hear he request . close on Sandy as a full glass be place in front of she . laid alongside the glass be a beautiful long - stem red rise . Sandy look surprised at the drink and then smile in delight at the rise . she raise she eye and look across the bar . jp return the smile . he turn to the Boy beside he and murmur something unheard . the boy glance round , as if ready to argue with whoever be speak to he . on recognize jp , however , he vacate the seat without a argument and stand to join he friend . jp look back across the bar at Sandy and gesture at the empty stool beside he , a attractive welcoming smile on he face . Sandy get up and , carry the drink and the rise , make she way across to sit beside jp . angle on jp and sandy the deafen music play in the club mean that they have to lean in close to hear each other speak . jp welcome . 38 sandy you be jp Monroe , right ? jp uh-huh . sandy and this be you club . great club . I really love it here . great club . jp thank you . sandy thank you for the drink . and the rise . wow . that 's ... really nice . jp it 's yours . you win it . it 's a prize . sandy a prize ? for what ? jp you see , everyday I have my friend John here bring ... sandy the barman ? I think he be call Rick ? jp he 's a barman . whatever . do you mind if I continue ? sandy I be sorry . jp everyday I have my friend Rick here bring a newly - cut red rise in with he and keep it behind the bar . and I award it to a woman of exceptional beauty . sandy oh come on . there be lot of girl here who look better than ... jp do not do that ! do not put yourself down . if you have a quality , be proud of it ... while talk , and without take he eye off Sandy , jp gesture at the barman and they glass . 39 jp ... let it define you . whatever it be . most of the rose die behind the bar . this be the first I have give out for nearly a month . sandy no. really ? two full glass join the still half - full one on the bar . jp yes really . sandy wow . thank you . jp no . thank you . angle on glass time -fade angle on glass now there be six empty glass on the bar and two half - full one . angle up to jp and sandy ... - except they be not there . the two bar-stool be empty . int . jp's private room night the music off from the club be dull and muffle . jp1s private room be the size - and share the general appearance of - a expensive studio apartment . his room look like a annex to he club - black wall , black fitting , artwork of elegant cruelty - show that jp 's taste for the bizarre be not just professional . camera explore the room as the sound of breathing grow off . angle on pillar - now the right way up , it stand in a corner of the room . as usual , it look jarring and impressive but it do not really seem out of place in jp 's room . the breathe off become mix with moan and SMALL cry . 40 angle on bed jp and Sandy , both naked , be on the bed make love . well , maybe Sandy 's make love . jp 's have sex . it be a selfish , phallocentric scene , concentrate on jp 's concern only for he own gratification . it may be a erotic sight , but it 's not a pretty one . jp be on top . he have hold of both Sandy 's wrist in one of he hand and he body be work away rhythmically . he be half - upright , look down at she . no kissing . close on jp 's face - he eye open , stare down at Sandy . close on Sandy 's face - she eye close , half in pleasure , half in shame . smash -cut to pillar close on pinhead 's face . suddenly , horribly , the monster 's eye fly open and he freeze face stare down at the lover . a blue light seem to pulse from within the pillar , lend color to pinhead 's face . pinhead continue to watch the love-make until it come to a climax . as jp groans out he orgasm and collapse forward onto Sandy 's body , pinhead 's eye close . the blue light disappear and the pillar be just the pillar again . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night angle on desk - favoring the telephone / answer machine , its red message light blink in the darkness of the apartment . Heard off be the sound of joey come in to she apartment - door open and close , bag be put down , footstep etc . joey 's hand come into frame and press the message button . wider angle - as joey wait for she machine and glance around the room for terri . joey terri ? angle on sofa - joey' Pov 41 the sofa be empty . joey look puzzle and be about to call again when the machine kick in . fallon ( on ansafone ) Ms. summerskill . joanne . hello . this be Dr. fallon . Martin . you reference material be on its way to you . I very much enjoy talk to you and I hope that if I be ever in town you will do I the honor of ( sqwaaaaalk ) joey have she finger on the fast forward button . joey in you dream , pal . the chipmunk - squeal of fallon 's voice be replace by the warning - beep of a second message . joey let it play . woman ( on ansafone ) ... you number from you resume . which be very impressive , by the way . my name be Sharon leech and you can reach I here at k - yzy in monterey , area code 805 ... ( sqwaaalk ) joey stop the tape . joey ( to herself ) shit . why now ? why not last week ? oh ... she glance round at the empty room again , troubled by terri 's absence . she cross to she bedroom door . int . joey' bedroom night joey enter the darken room - and then stop a few foot from the door . terri - light only by the moonlight through the blind - be lie on one side of joey 's bed fast asleep . apart from she shoe , which she have kick off , she be fully dress . joey approach the bed and watch she sleep friend , she face sympathetic , affectionate , and troubled . joey reach over , take one of the pillow from the other side of the bed , and lay it at the bottom end . 42 she slip off she shoe , shrug off she jacket , and - delicately , carefully - climb on to the other side of the bed , lay she head on the pillow she have move . joey ( whisper ) goodnight , terri ... int . jp's private room night jp , on he bed in he short enjoy a post - coital cigarette , blow smoke-rings at the ceiling and all but ignore Sandy . Sandy have put some of she clothes back on and be wander around the room , admire it and chatter . sandy so cool ... she approach the pillar ... lean in close ... closer ... and ... nothing happen . sandy radical . she walk on to look at a painting on one of the wall . angle on painting it 's a painstakingly render but crudely imagine piece . the kind of crap you would buy in a melrose gallery . perhaps it 's call biker crucifixion . night -time , somewhere rural . a Hell 's angel , arm outstretch and stripped to the waist , be tie to a tree by cruelly - tight barb wire wrap around he body . at the foot of the tree he biker friend party , drink , and fuck , harley park in the distance . the crucify angel 's eye be raise to the Moon . he 's smile . wider angle on sandy and painting sandy wow . you have get great taste . this ... well ... this really say it , you know ? it 's really ... dark . angle on jp still stare at the ceiling , jp pull a pain face - like he 's hear this embarrassing shit a hundred time . sandy do not you think ? 43 jp mmn-hmnn . Sandy turn to look at jp , troubled by he unresponsiveness . sandy do you mind I talk about you stuff ? jp unh-unh . a beat . Sandy stare at jp . jp stare at the ceiling . sandy if it bother you , just say so . jp sigh . jp it do not bother I . I be just not interested . sandy oh. like I be not a interesting person . jp blow a smoke ring at the ceiling . Sandy walk back across the room to stand at the foot of the bed . ( and yes , fright fan , this do put she in front of the pillar - though hopefully the blossoming argument will distract audience attention . ) sandy but you give I a rise ... jp and tomorrow I will give one to somebody else . get dress . get out . sandy you shit . who do you think you be ? jp I be jp Monroe , you stupid little bitch . now get the fuck out of my life . sandy you ... I can not fuck believe you , you bastard ! you get I in here ... jp right . like you be hog-ty or something . 44 sandy look at you ! you think you be some God damn Prince or something . with you shitty little Kingdom out there and all this ugly shi .... Sandy be wave she arm to illustrate she point and , halfway through she last line , have turn to indicate the pillar . suddenly - bam ! big scare moment ! - two blacken arm fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy 's gesture arm . the blue light burn from within , illuminate pinhead 's face as he eye open , fill with demonic glee and hunger . a impossible wind begin to whistle through the room , as if a echoed glimpse of a storm in Hell . Sandy scream in mortal terror . jp jump from the bed , cigarette fall to the floor . he back away to the opposite wall , face shocked , scared shitless . jp Jesus Christ ! pinhead smile sardonically . pinhead not quite . pinhead 's arm pull Sandy tight against the pillar and he face , stifling she scream . jp flatten against the far wall , watch in horror as Sandy , hold tight against the pillar , suffer a horrible death : Sandy 's life - force be suck from she . drawn into the pillar . into pinhead . it be a matter of second only but , in that few second - her body begin to collapse in on itself , turn grey and lifeless . it be make worse by the fact that until the very end Sandy keep struggle , writhe in the grasp of the monster . the wind keep blow through the room . finally , a dry lifeless husk , she be drop to the floor . the Blue Light fade from within the pillar . the wind disappear . 45 the pillar be again black and stationary . but its contour be different , more round . it look more organic , as if shifting its raw material into new alignment , new configuration . the pillar seem to be in a process of become . and the obvious suggestion be that what it be become be pinhead . pinhead 's head , arm , and torso now protrude from the pillar . they be not completely free and - now that the " eat " of Sandy be conclude - seem incapable of independent movement but there be plainly a lot more of he than there be before . even though the blue light have fade , pinhead 's face be noticeably different . it be blue-tinged and more fleshy in appearance . capable of movement . and speech . angle on jp - who have sink to the floor , stare at the pillar . jp what ... what ... ? wider angle pinhead what do you see ? the same as i. appetite sate . desire indulge . you see the work of the world in miniature . jp shake he head in denial . but he 's already a little more together than he be : after all , the pillar can not move and he 's several yard from it . jp that have nothing to do with the world . not this one , anyway . pinhead on the contrary . it have everything to do with the world . and we dream of how it will succumb to we . you enjoy the girl ? jp yes . pinhead good . so do I . and that 's all ... jp no ! no . it 's not the same ... I ... no . what you do ... it be ... evil . pinhead laugh . 46 pinhead how uncomfortable that word must feel on you lip . evil. good . there be no good , Monroe . there be no evil . there be only the flesh and the pattern to which we can submit it . you will help I to ... jp shake he head in furious denial . jp no . no no no . no fuckin ' way . I be go ... grabbing at he jeans , jp head out of he room . rapidly . ext . CITY street , outside club next day the sun be high . it 's about noon . like most club of its type , under the Underground 's exterior be far from prepossess . it 's set in a old brick warehouse in a run-down section of town . jp 's Range Rover pull up and jp get out , carry a long slim black bag . he glance round the all - but-desert street and enter the club . int . jp's private room day close on pinhead 's face ; in repose , back to its statue - like state . the sound of the door off open the monster 's eye . jp enter , close the door behind he . he do not look at the pillar . he stay by the door and keep he eye on the long black bag he have bring in with he . he unzip it . his manner be that of a man who have make a decision and be not about to listen to contrary argument . pinhead ( off ) another offer ? jp do not respond . he draw a double - barrel shotgun from the bag , cock it , and load it . jp turn to face the pillar , draw a bead on pinhead . pinhead 's expression be wearily amused . 47 pinhead I be touch ... that be the gun you use to kill you parent ? jp visibly stagger as pinhead let slip this knowledge . pinhead smile . pinhead I understand . they fortune be so tempting , they affection so conditional . what else could you do ? jp fuck you ! he pull the double trigger . a massive blast resound around the room but that 's about it ; the 30 ott six be absorb magically into the pillar . pinhead thank you . now , shall we talk sensibly ? jp let the useless gun fall from he hand . pinhead do not flee from yourself . if you have a quality , let it define you . cultivate it . it be you . by help I , you will help yourse ... jp what !? what be you talk about ? why should I help you ? pinhead because you want to . you have always want to . look at you picture . look at you sculpture . look at that tawdry representation and then ... imagine . imagine a world of the body as canvas . the body as clay . you will and mine as the brush and the knife . oh , I have such sight to show you . it 's work . jp 's eye be glitter with excited interest . jp what be you ? 48 pinhead a dark star rise . I be bound to another 's system by a soul I once possess . a friend relieved I of that inconvenience . now I be free . bear again of blood and desire . jp hey , that 's what make the world go round . pinhead raise a amused eyebrow at jp 's little joke . pinhead you see , we be not so dissimilar . jp but how in God 's name ... pinhead God ? my God be diamond and black light . and I be he Dark Pope . all that be change . a terrible beauty be bear . with a place at my right hand for a man of you taste . jp cruise the room , contemplate this . jp how do we start ? pinhead it have already begin . int . tv station , editing suite night angle on monitor many screen fill the frame , all of they crackle with snow . CUT to wide joey be alone at the control desk . she have a video tape in she hand and feed it into the master machine . she look up at the still - ghost monitor and then press a few button on the console . the snow be replace by blackness on every monitor with a time code tick away at the bottom of each screen . joey ( softly ) alright ... let 's see what we get here . 49 the blackness on the monitor give way to multiple image of kirsty , the girl in the picture in the antique store . the video image be primitive , shot with a non-professional camcorder , and be a simple medium long - shot of kirsty , dress in a simple white smock , sit in a hospital room . kirsty address the camera directly , though occasionally look up to the side as if speak to a unseen doctor . intercut through kirsty 's monologue between : a single monitor image , the wall of monitor , and the watch and listen joey . kirsty ( on video ) I do not know what the box be . but I know what it do . I ... ( look up to side ) I have say all this before . do you ... ( blink , nod , as if listen . look back to camera ) I see it open . I open it . I see what come out . I do not know what else to call they . demon . demon live in the box . or come through the box from somewhere else . it 's a gateway to Hell . or the South bronx . ( smile ruefully at she own joke . look up to side as if chastise for kid around . nods. continue ) I know you do not believe I . I know what it sound like . but what else ... Jesus , talk to ronson , talk to the other cop . they see the house . they see my ... my father ... kirsty break down into sob . quick - CUT to joey - whose expression show distress sympathy . she too have lose she father . angle on monitor the video image break up into white noise and then come back in , as if the camcorder be turn off for a few moment . when the image return , kirsty be smoking a cigarette to help calm she . 50 kirsty ( on video ) solve the puzzle mean open the box . open the box mean open door . and there be some door you do not want to open . and it may be metaphorical to you , Doctor , but you have not have some blue- face bastard come at you with hook and chain . it be not delusion , it be not psychosis . it 's reality . it 's reality . ( pause . Long drag on the cigarette ? ) maybe not this reality ... but there be other . I have see they . joey 's face show horrify fascination at kirsty 's story . there be a conviction in the tell which be work on joey . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night the room be dimly - light . angle on floor by tv set the floor be litter with video- box and tape . other tape be pile on top of the vcr . it 's like somebody have be view constantly for a week and have not put anything away . angle on sofa and coffee table many book be lie on the sofa , the table , and the floor . some be lie open , most be close . also on the coffee table be three different soft-drink can , a half - empty cup of coffee , and a very full ash - tray . angle on bookshelf terri be stand by the bookshelf , run she eye and she finger along some title . now we understand the chaos in the room . terri 's home alone . she 's bored and try to find something to hold she interest . she look away from the shelf and walk idly over to the tv . the box be back on top of the tv . terri 's hand hover near the on / off switch of the tv . then it hesitates and pick up the box instead . terri hold the box and look at it . her face become puzzle and she cross the room to flick on a light . she wander back to the tv look at the box . 51 it look different . its edge be more sharply define . the shard where it be break from the pillar be smaller , smoother . the detailed metal - work have some color back and be shine . terri jeez , joey musta polished you up some . sometimes I think she 's wierder than I . terri 's voice trail off as she continue to look at the box . she turn it in she hand , run she finger over its filigree surface . track in slowly as she cup it in both hand , she eye move from puzzlement to fascination and concentration . she rub she thumb over the design . tracking in continue . it 's tense . be she go to try and work the puzzle ? suddenly .... brrrrrrrrr ... the phone ring . terri jump in shock , nearly drop the box . she put the box back on top of the tv and cross to the phone . she pick it up . terri joey ? jp ( on phone ) not quite . terri jp ? jp live and in the flesh . how're you do , babe ? terri what do you want ? int . jp's private room night close on jp 's face as he speak into a phone . jp God , always question . what do I want ? I do not want anything . just concerned about you . just check in . intercut between room through conversation 52 terri yeah right . how would you get this number ? jp will you relax ? you little girlfriend leave a card , remember ? terri oh. yeah . yeah . well ... I be fine . thing be great here . joey 's go to get I a job at the tv station . I be meeting lotsa new people . it 's really great . jp really ? terri yeah really . I be ... jp no . I mean , really ? because I be concerned for you , sweetheart . I care about you . I guess I miss you . I be sorry we split up . I be sorry I ... terri you be apologize ? jp hey , it have be know . c'mon terri , I be not that bad a guy . I have regret . I would like to put thing right . do not tell I you have not think about I . huh ? terri well ... of course I have . I have think . I have ... oh , jp , you be so horrible . you really hurt I ... jp I know . I know . it 's bad . I be a bad person . but I try not to be , terri . I really do . and I really miss you . terri I miss you too . jp that 's so good to hear , sweetheart . it really be . you know , I .. be you alone ? terri yes. 53 jp good ... good ... look , why do not you come over ? you know , nothing heavy , little drink maybe , little talk . just see how we both feel ? terri oh , I do not ... jp c'mon . it will be great . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night close on terri 's face - we can almost see she summon the will - power to refuse . terri no ! no. I can not . I just can not . she slam the phone down quickly before he can persuade she . she take a couple of deep breath and walk away from the phone . terri shit. shit. shit. shit. shit. she look around . she look at the book . she look at the video . she look at the table . she look back at the phone . angle on phone - as it ring again . terri - shake she head and turn the ansafone on . after two ring , the machine respond . joey ( ansafone message ) hi. you have reach joanne summerskill . in spirit at least . please leave a message . thanks . 54 woman ( on phone ) hello . Ms. summerskill , this be Sharon leech again from k - yzy in monterey . sorry to call so late but I be wonder if you get my other message ? look , I probably should not say this on tape but what the hell ... there 's a job here if you want it . late - night news reader . we think you would be marvelous .. the machine beeps and cut she off , leave the message light flashing . close on terri 's face - disappointed and sad . int . tv station , editing suite night joey be still at the desk watch the bank of monitor . as kirsty speak , intercut between joey and the monitor . kirsty ( look to side ) again ? ( shrug . look back at camera ) the box . I do not know where it come from . I do not know who make it or why . I only know what it do . it hurt . it hurt . ( look off to side as if listen . ) how ? ( look back ) I do not know . it kind of open itself . you finger move . you learn . it want to open , that 's the thing . and it know when you want to open it . and it help . and it open . and then they come . the cenobite . the demon . angle on wall of monitor multiple image of kirsty speak that last few line . suddenly , one - and only one - of the monitor suffer a white noise wipe -out . joey glance up at the one ghost monitor , puzzle - and then freeze in shock . angle on monitor - as , on the one monitor , a new image suddenly appear : a hazy , black - and - white image ( very grainy , like early experimental tv image ) of a thirtysomething man in early twentieth century military uniform . 55 the man - elliott - stare directly out of the monitor screen and , just as kirsty finish she last line ( " the cenobite . the demon . " ) , he speak ( in a English accent ) . elliott ( on monitor ) she 's tell the truth , joey . another burst of white noise and the image be go . kirsty be back on that monitor , just like all the other . kirsty look , you can have I tell this ... joey remain stare at the haunt monitor , numb with shock . what the hell be go on ? kirsty 's voice play off as joey stare . kirsty ... as often as you want . there 's not go to be any breakthrough . you might think it 's delusion , but it 's not . I see they . I look into they eye and they look back at I . creature from Hell . int . 24 - hour diner night a late-night coffee- shop in the early hour of the morning . classic american diner . various angle empty booth . a quiet counter . a cop perches on a stool drink coffee . a trucker in a booth by himself bite methodically on a donut , he eye stare off into the vacancy of the night . in a corner booth , four kide nurse coke and smoke cigarettes . angle on table a black coffee sit by a ash - tray hold a burn cigarette . reveal terri - sit at the table stare at the coffee . she wait . she take a drag on the smoke . she wait . she sip she coffee . she wait . she look up across the diner . 56 terri's Pov the double door of the diner 's entrance . angle on terri she look back down at she coffee . the sound of door open off . terri look up again . angle from door - terri in distance a walking Pov as somebody approach terri , whose face break into a nervous , ambiguous smile of welcome . reverse angle - terri's Pov - as jp walk confidently to she table , smile . jp hey , babe . thanks for come . jp sit down opposite she . he reach over and pat she hand . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night joey enter the unlit main room . she glance across at the sofa . it 's unoccupy . joey put the light on . she grimace at the chaos of the room - the pile of video and book - and cross the room to the bedroom door . she open the door and look in . joey terri , we can not bunk up every night ! people will ... the bedroom be empty , nobody on the bed . joey ( off ) ... talk . ... terri ? joey leave the door and walk back into the main room . she look around and then walk over to the phone . something have catch she eye . angle by phone a hand -scrawl note by the phone read enjoy monterey , you liar . joey register the note . 57 joey oh shit . joey shake she head sadly . what can she do ? it 's the early hour of the morning . she have no idea where terri be . she walk back to the bedroom and close the door behind she . ext . dense jungle day ( joey' dream ) thick green jungle foliage obscure the view of a Pov camera . the sound of confuse battle be hear off ; helicopter , gun - fire , distant explosion , scream of the die and the wounded leave and branch smack against the frame as the unseen dreamer rush confusedly through the dense forest . the voice of the Soldiers - distant , echoed , repeat - be hear over the roar of battle . soldier 1 ( off ) he 's go . he 's go . he 's go ... soldier 2 ( off ) we be lose he . we be lose he . we be lose he ... the sound of they voice seem to prompt the Pov camera to more furious endeavor . it turn rapidly leave and right , force its way through the greenery until suddenly , with one last push through foliage thick enough to be a single bush , the view change completely . ext . flander field ( ww I ) day ( joey' dream ) the Pov camera ( joey ) walk out into another battlefield , one of a different character . it appear to be early morning . the sky be grey and overcast . in the distance plume of black smoke spiral upward no jungle , no tree or grass . the ground be baked mud disfigure with deep trenches , re-inforce by wooden slat . the atmosphere be post-conflict ; gun be silent , there be no cry or sound of machinery . scatter around be corpse of many khaki-clad soldier . 58 nothing move . no bird sing . it be a horrible , desolate image from the bloody page of history . the field of flander in World War one . a noise begin to be hear off . a low angry buz . angle on dead soldier a cloud of buzzing fly be feed on the flesh of he poor dead face . joey ( off ) noooooooooo ....... the buzzing and joey 's anguish cry both continue over as we CUT to int . joey' bedroom night joey sit up in bed , eye wide , still scream . joey nooooooooooo ! the cry cut off abruptly as joey realize where she be . she catch she breath and then freeze as she realize that the buzzing sound from she dream be present in she bedroom . be the fly still feed ? she glance around she room . angle on bedroom tv - joey' Pov her tv set be on . the buzzing sound come from white noise . joey be puzzle and scared . joey be somebody here ? be somebody here !? terri ... ? she half get out of bed and then stop , transfix , as the tv screen 's white noise be replace by a image . angle on tv as in the editing suite , the image be grainy black - and -white . the buzzing continue , now join by hissing and whistling that fade in and out as if unseen hand be try to tune into a impossibly distant station . 59 somewhere in the sound - montage we can almost hear ghostly voice whisper ; " joey , joey , joey ... " on the screen , a English Officer - Elliott - be sit cross - legge on the floor of a quonset hut . on the floor in front of he be something at which he stare - something that the image be not sharp enough to show . wider angle - joey and tv fear vie with fascination in joey 's expression . joey what ... what 's go on ? what 's happen ? angle on tv the image disappear in a burst of static which in turn be replace by another image , still monochrome and grainy ; a head - and - shoulder of Elliott , stare directly out of the screen . elliott you have to help I , joey . a burst of static and the image disappear completely . the tv be obviously not turn on . the room be silent . joey stare at she dead tv in numbe silence . she fall back into bed , pull the cover protectively around she , stare at the ceiling . int . jp's private room night blackness a click be hear off and the room be light , revealing jp by the door , he finger by the light -switch . he smile into the room and walk in , look behind as terri hesitates by the door . jp come on in . terri move past he . jp lock the door with a key he draw from he pocket . terri register this . jp calm she . 60 jp not a good neighborhood . people disappear . ( a beat ) feel like home ? it 's just like you leave it . terri move into the room , glance around herself cautiously . she register the pillar . angle on pillar it 's plainly different from the last time terri see it but - despite what the audience know about it - it still seem inanimate ; a black freeze carve , disturbing but harmless . terri not quite . this be not here . jp no. but , as you can see , I be have some work do on it . you find a real treasure for I , terri . I hope I can show you how grateful I be . terri yeah ... yeah , it look different . jp yeah , a girl I know help smarten it up . put she heart and soul into it . terri a girl ? anyone I should know ? jp not now , no . I mean - now that you be here , it 's like she do not even exist , you know what I mean ? jp have be cruise the room as they speak . now he 's stand close to the pillar . terri be still some distance from he . terri yeah right . look ... jp terri , listen . ( a beat ) why do not you come here and kiss I ? I mean , it 's probably tick away in both we mind , right ? be it go to happen ? be not it go to happen ? let 's get it out of the way . see how we feel . then we can relax . talk . you know . 61 a pause - a tense one for the audience who know that jp have obviously decide who pinhead 's next meal be . terri look at jp , half suspicious , half attract . terri I do not think so . not yet . I be not ready yet . jp sure . sure . I understand . it 's cool . I mean , we have get all night . jp smile winningly and warmly . a nice guy . a nice smile . a smile a girl can trust . the pillar stand behind he , its dark inhabitant still and silent , wait for the sacrifice . int . under the underground night Series of shot ( maybe all cross - fade ) of kid dance and drink in the club to establish the pass of time - and to highlight the tension of the scene in jp 's room by its proximity to this ( relative ) normality . int . jp's private room night ( minute later ) jp lounge against he wall , smoking , close to the pillar . terri be sit on the bed . she 's upset . she 's be tell jp about joey and the phone message . jp that 's terrible . what a bitch . she be obviously just use you , terri . ready to dump you the second she have what she need , interfere little whore . terri no . it be not ... she would not ... it 's like I must have do something wrong , you know ? freak she out . just fuck up something good again . jp hey , you do not fuck it up with I . you know that . it be my fault , babe , it really be . and you know I be sorry . and I be sorry to see you upset now . I hate to see you in pain like this . terri look up at he , she eye vulnerable , on the verge of tear . she really want to believe that he 's be a nice guy . 62 terri really ? jp yes ! God , yes . I ... I just want to hug you . to hold you . to tell you it 's alright . God , the bastard 's good at this . terri break into small sob and hold she arm out for he . jp no . no , sweetheart , you come to I . it 's not fair . I come over there . you know . we be on the bed . I just ... ' cos you know how much you excite I . God , just look at you . you be so beautiful . I come over there and I would just want to touch you . feel you . kiss you . and that be not what this be about . c'mon , babe , come to daddy . let I make it better . terri wipe she eye , give a small shy smile and stand up . she 's walk toward jp . and the pillar . jp put a hand out . he smile . re-assure . love . terri walk . vulnerable . so in need of reassurance and love . wider angle - jp , terri , pillar she 's get closer ... closer ... closer ... close angle on jp - as he blow it . a sidelong glance at the pillar ? a sudden naked hunger in the smile eye ? a single bead of sweat ? some tiny little thing that take the lid off he game . terri stop dead . she do not know what 's happen but suddenly this do not feel right . terri no ... wait a ... everything erupt ! jp , smile mask wipe off , leap at terri . terri fling herself backward , scream in shock and fear . pinhead : suddenly animate and furious ; eye wide open , face contort in frustrated rage , black arm claw at the air . 63 pinhead bring she to I , boy ! a furious , confuse scene of tension and struggle . jp have hold of terri , try to drag she to the monster . terri fight back , scream she disbelief and struggle and kick against he . they be perilously close to the pillar . pinhead be furious - roaring , tear at the pillar with he hand as if try to physically rip himself . free of it . slowly , jp 's size and strength be tell ; terri be be drag nearer and nearer to the demon . at the last possible second - when it seem it 's all over , when pinhead 's snatching finger be centimeter from terri 's flesh - terri snatch up a heavy ornament from a shelf by the pillar and smashes jp right across the head with it . jp collapse semi-conscious at the foot of the pillar . terri throw herself back from the monster 's grab arm . pinhead snarl in frustration , hand clench in fist of rage . wider angle terri - safely foot away from the pillar - stand , shaking and breathless , eye wide in horror and shock as she stare at this creature from nightmare . and suddenly pinhead change tack ; he slide from the roaring beast of a moment before to he more usual persona - the glib , articulate Black Pope of Hell . pinhead wait ! why run ? where to ? do you know where you be ? terri I be ... I be ... pinhead you be at the door of dream . and you can open it . terri what be you talk about ? 64 pinhead there be two key in this room . on be in the pocket of this fool . you could take it out without I reach you . ( a beat ) probably . and you could use it to let yourself back in to the world you know . the world you have always know ; banal , hopeless , dreamless . pinhead , as ever , be hit the right button . terri , as we know , have dream of dream . terri and ... like ... the other ? pinhead the other be the key to dream . to a world of black miracle and dark wonder . another life of unknown pleasure . it 's yours . complete the pattern . solve the puzzle . turn the key . angle on terri - as she look at the monster . and smile . terri where be it ? pinhead return the smile . pinhead it 's lie bleed at you foot . jp be on the floor , semi-conscious , bleed from the head . jp ( delerious . ad - lib ) unhhh ... terri ... what ... no ... terri edge around the pillar to grasp one of jp 's limp arm . intercut close -up of pinhead and terri - as the bond between tempter and tempt be strengthen . terri hold jp 's arm out ... pinhead stretch he own arm forward ... and jp finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realize what 's happen . 65 jp ( scream ) no! terri ! please ! I do not mean to ..!! too late . pinhead 's hand close around he wrist . terri leap back out of harm 's way . pinhead - with awesome strength - yank jp up to he foot and pull he close . he stare into the terrify face of jp . pinhead I have such sight to show you . jp be suck dry by pinhead . and terri watch , she face perversely excited by this - the first of the dark miracle that the monster have promise . major f/x sequence - as the transformation of pillar into pinhead be complete . wider angle pinhead , fully - flesh and incarnate , stand in the room . at he foot be the dry husk that be jp and the steaming , hiss remnant of the pillar like a pool of black toxic oil . he turn and look at terri . slowly , elegantly , he walk toward she . terri back away across the room . but she back off slowly , sensuously , like a eager but nervous virgin bride ready for she groom . camera move in close on she glow eye and excited face . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night close on the box . a cloud of dust spiral out into the room in a reverse action of the dust in the antique store . int . joey' bedroom night close on joey 's sleep face . rem show beneath she eyelid and she murmur in she sleep . very faintly off be the sound of distant music . joey 's eye snap open and glance from side to side . she sit up in bed and register the music , which seem to have grow in volume on she waking . 66 it be strange , old - fashioned music ; a palm - court string orchestra play a sentimental waltz tune reminiscent of the 1920' or earlier . joey look around the room . there be no - one in the room . the tv set be still dead . but ... the bedroom door be open a crack and a very strange dim orange light be creep in from the main room . and that seem to be from where the music be come . angle on joey - as she get out of bed . she 's cautious and careful , move slowly and quietly as she wrap a robe around herself and move to the door . the music continue to play . she open the door slowly and walk through . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night this room too be empty . the music be louder and the soft warm pulse of the orange light be more distinct , bathing the wall and the furniture . various angle - joey' Pov - as joey try to locate the source of the music and the light ; the sofa . the bookshelf . the tv - with the still and inactive box . the close drape over the big picture window . finally - angle on closet door both the music and the light seem to be center on the closet door across the room . they be both come from behind it . joey approach the closet , still tense , still careful . she open the closet door and look in . 67 the closet be where joey have store she past . but she 's store it neatly . box and pile on shelf be old magazine , old greeting card , old photograph , old soft -toy , college diploma , clipping from small - town newspaper ( " death of a local hero : Tommy summerskill lose in Vietnam " , " joanne summerskill class valedictorian : look to career in media " ) etc etc . also in there , stuff away at the top of the closet , be a old radio - a big old wood - and - wire - grille valve drive beauty from which the lilt music be come . at some stage in its life , part of its case be smashed away and the pulsing orange light be its flicker vacuum tube . it 's a old main - power model and its main cord dangle off the shelf of the closet . this radio be not plugge into anything except the paranormal . close on joey ; stare at this broadcast from the beyond . joey how .... ? joey reach up and bring the radio down from the shelf and out into the main room . she set it down on the coffee table in front of the sofa . different angle formal , classical frame from a low angle - joey and radio in foreground , big picture window and its close drape in the background . joey kneel up in front of the table . she stare at the radio with the same kind of trap fascination with which we have see character in the previous hellraiser movie stare at the box . her finger be draw to the tuning dial as if to a puzzle . she play with the dial , move through various " station " . joey 's face be open with expectation as she move through they , as if she be wait for clue . or instruction . the music give way to various voice ; a indian voice give some kind of commentary . the English word " BBC " and " World service " be hear amidst the punjabi . ( joey turn the dial ) a tired sad English voice ; 68 english voice ... and the King have send a personal message of sympathy to the parent of that brave man who ... ( joey turn the dial ) a resonant french voice ; french voice l'oiseau chante avec ses doigt . deux fois . ( joey turn the dial ) another burst of music , this time more raucous and syncopate . a ragtime tune from the birth of Jazz . ( joey turn the dial ) Dead Air . a ominous pause . and Elliott 's voice . elliott joey . look out you window . joey shrink back in nervous shock at this direct address . the radio go dead . the tube stop glow . the room be now a dimly - light place of shadow and suspense . joey glance back over she shoulder at she close drape and then at the silent radio . she stand up slowly and cross to the drape . the camera rise and track in as she walk , frame that drape like curtain in a theater . with one strong gesture , joey sweep the drape open . and gasp . instead of neighbor roof - top and a view of the city , joey be look directly into the interior of a quonset hut . it be the image from she tv set though full - size , full - color , and apparently real . at the far end , Elliott sit cross -legge on the floor . in front of he on the floor be the puzzle box . elsewhere in the hut ; a camp -bed on which lie a gun -belt and a Officer 's peak cap . and a old - fashioned radio - the same radio that be still in joey 's room . angle on joey 69 - as she stare beyond she window into this impossible scene . joey tell I ... tell I ... hello ? closer on the element in the hut , as we ( and joey ) realize that everything in there be freeze in time . there be no movement , no sound . wonderingly ( but carefully ) joey stretch she arm out before she . when she arm reach the threshold of the quonset hut , it disappear into the space once occupy by window glass . she pull she arm back sharply with a intake of breath . maybe she even take a half - step backward . joey I be seven floor up ... I be seven floor up ! I can not ... but she can . she summon she courage , step over the sill , and walk into the impossible . int . quonset hut we be look at a solid wall . then , through the wall , joey walk into the Hut , still bewilderment by the sight around she . still the image do not move . everything be very real , very present . but freeze . joey approach the immobile Elliott and look from he to the box and back again . ( NB : joey 's speech to the freeze Elliott be bravado ; she face and body language betray she awed nervousness at the bizarre situation in which she find herself . ) joey now what ? I be here . now what ? I just walk into madness for you . talk ! joey look back behind she . angle on hut wall - joey' Pov there be no window back into the apartment , just a fourth wall . angle on joey and elliott 70 joey great . that 's just great ! you bring I here . you freeze up on I . and now there 's no way out . I have have date like you before . I ... a creak be hear off . joey look up . joey' Pov at the far end of the quonset Hut , behind Elliott , a door have creak open a inch or two . joey look from the door back to the freeze Elliott . joey thanks . I think . joey cross to the door and open it . she walk through . ext . flander field day joey walk out onto the World War one battlefield of she most recent dream . she stand there - a incongruous vulnerable figure in she nightdress and robe - amidst the corpse , the trenches , and the distant plume of smoke . joey what 's go on ? be this a dream ? she glance back at the door of the hut she have just leave . joey' Pov - through hut door within the hut , the freeze Elliott still sit . angle on joey - as she turn from look into the hut and gasp , she eye wide in shock . stand on a hillock , frame against the grey battlefield sky , be Elliott . joey walk toward he . Elliott stand calmly and smile at joey . elliott joey . how kind of you to come . a beat . joey ( and the audience ) take in Elliott 's impossible presence , as she and he stand amidst the corpse-strewn field . 71 joey wait ... wait . you ... you have to help I . I do not understand . be I dream this ? elliott you have to help I . you will understand . and no , you be not dream . do you know where we be ? joey it 's ... I do not know . first World War , right ? elliott correct . the field of France . and many dead flower ... oh. forgive I . my name be spenser . Elliott spenser . Captain . he extend he hand . joey - slowly and nervously - put she hand out to shake he . joey joey summerskill . Elliott smile understandingly as he release she hand . elliott well do . brave girl . you have probably never shake hand with a ghost before , be I right ? joey Captain spenser . Elliott . I ... what the Hell be go on ? elliott Hell be precisely what be go on , joey . and we have to stop it . I because of a special obligation , you because you be the only person who can help . and because you know what be right , and just , and true . will you walk with I a while ? he gesture with he hand and they begin to walk . 72 elliott there be day in this war , day right on top of each other , when the newly dead be numbered in the ten of thousand . they call it the war to end all war . though it do not . you know that . there be more war . more dead . you father 's war . you dream search for you father lead you here . to I . joey , we need to talk . Elliott do nothing dramatic - he do not clap he hand or snap he finger - but somehow , magically , he and joey , without move or change position be back in the quonset hut . int . quonset hut the freeze Elliott be still sit on the floor before the box . the mobile Elliott gesture at he freeze self as he speak to the bemuse joey . elliott the war pull poetry out of some of we . other it affect differently . this be I a few year later . we be in India , by the way , and it 's 1921 . I be like many survivor . lose soul with nothing leave to believe in but gratification . we would see God fail , you see . so many dead . for we God , too , fall at flander . we adjust to the loss . and if we mourn , we mourn in silence . thousands drank themselves to death . other go further . I go further . I think I be a lose soul . but , until this freeze moment , I do not even know what the phrase mean . joey and what be ... this freeze moment ? elliott the cusp of my life . what I be , what I be , what I will be ... past , present , future , all bound here at this timeless moment of decision . I be a explorer of forbidden vice and pleasure . open the box be my final act of exploration , of discovery . joey and what do you discover ? 73 elliott something bad . joey and why be you back ? why be we here ? again , no signal from Elliott but the background change magically once more ; ext . flander field day Elliott be once again frame dramatically on the hillock , joey stand close . elliott because something worse be come . ( a beat ) I open the box , joey . I find the monster within it . and it find the monster within I . for decade I serve Hell with no memory of my former life until a friend release I . you see she . joey kirsty cotton . yes . but ... if you soul be freed , why be you back ? elliott because - monster as I be - I be bound by law . the protocol of Hell . the box have to be open to let I out . the truly innocent be safe . that 's no longer true . the shell of the beast have be flesh . what I be be out there , joey . in you world . unbound . unstoppable . joey what will he do ? what do he want ? elliott he will do what he do best . but he will do it unfetter . he want to walk the Earth forever , indulge he taste for all the myriad subtlety of human suffer . joey what can we do ? 74 elliott I like you , joey . you ask all the right question . there be something we can do but it will require great courage . joey I do not know ... Elliott reach out and stroke she cheek . gently . lovingly . we see in joey 's eye that there be a response there . a response beyond the comradely . elliott joey , you walk through you window from one reality to another . you be stronger than you think . joey then tell I what to do . elliott this be he first night on Earth . he want to close the door behind he . like all lieutenant , he covet command . there 's a gateway to Hell through which he can be take back . he have to destroy it . joey so where be it ? elliott you apartment . joey gasp . joey wha .... ? elliott the box , joey . he want the box . int . under the underground night light flash . Music pound . kid dance . it 's a wild night at under the Underground and it 's about to get wilder . the source music ( thrash metal ) build and build , as if head for a climax . and then the climax come . angle on door to jp's room 75 the door blast open explosively from within . the piece of the shattered door fly across the dance - floor , accompany by chunks of plaster and brick from the door-surround . various angle ( quick cut ) Flying wood and masonry hit people . one chunk smashes into the dj console , bring the music to a scratch , screeching end . various scream be hear off through the ensue silence . in the confusion , kid scramble for the main doorway . be it a bomb ? be it a street - gang attack ? the Main doorway slam supernaturally shut , bolt fly into place untouched by human ( or inhuman ) hand . confused and frighten face turn back to look at the source of the explosion . angle on doorway to jp's room lit from behind by blind beam of blue light , pinhead emerge through the doorway . slow. elegant . terrify . pinhead survey the scene before he and the terrify and awe - strike crowd look back at he . for the most part , the crowd be stunne into silence but there be a few murmur from they ; crowd ( ad- lib ) oh my God ... Jesus Christ ! what the fuck ... ?! no no no no no no no .... pinhead scan the club . he look at the terrify human . the cruelly beautiful artwork . the human . the artwork . the human . the artwork . a small smile form on he face . he 's just have a entertaining idea . 76 int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night the view through the big picture window be entirely normal again ; the cityscape by night . suddenly , joey seem to appear behind the glass - translucent , like a reflection - and come through the window into she apartment , " solidify " as she step in . her hand be at she head and she stagger forward a few step . it 's as if the enormity of she trip through reality have just hit she . she fall forward onto the floor of she room , unconscious . fade out fade in - as the ringing of a phone grow in volume . joey raise she head , bleary - eye , and glance round the room try to locate the source of the noise that have wake she . she crawl the few foot to the phone and snatch at it . the hand - set fall and she have to gather it up from the floor . maneuver herself into a sit position , she speak . joey hello ? doc ( on phone ) you want a story . you get it . turn on the tv now . and then get you ass down here ... ( click ) ... joey Doc ? ... Doc ... hello ? she put the phone down and rush across to turn on the tv . tv image / doc' shouldercam : ext . CITY street , outside club night the image be confusing , with the rapid pan and temporary loss of focus or light that characterise raw news footage . Doc 's camera weave amongst a mass of uniform people , try to catch clear picture of - what 's be happen . siren howl , red emergency light flash . 77 it become clear we be look at the aftermath of a disaster . or a massacre . the club building look like a bomb hit it . smoke and debris litter the street . so do corpse . some of the dead body be simply dead body . other - glimpse fleetingly and tantalizingly as Doc be jostle and bustle - seem to be mutilate decoratively . in fact they bear hideous similarity to the artwork that use to grace the club : armless torso wrap in barb wire ; flay limb with machinery inside instead of muscle . doc ( off ) juda Priest ! will you look at ... suddenly , the image be block by a very burly cop push at the camera and talk directly into it . burly cop move it ! now ! no picture ! doc ( off ) w- qqy . I ... burly cop I do not give a shit ! move it or lose it ! int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night close on joey 's face as she react in horror to what she be see . ( intercut with Doc 's footage ) joey oh my God , it 's happen ... back on tv screen Doc 's camera pan around the area , past rubberneck crowd , past shadow alley , past Police car and ambulance vehicle ... and then whip back to a alley in the distance . doc I think ... what 's ... I think there 's something up there ... joey 's eye widen in horror as she speak uselessly to the screen . 78 joey no ! no , Doc , do not ... do not ... ext . alleyway night back on tv screen the hubbub and noise have die away . Doc 's camera be advance up a very dimly - light alley . hardly any detail can be see . the camera creep forward ... forward ... forward ... then suddenly a barely - glimpse movement very close to the side and the camera swing wildly toward it . doc shit ! what be ... the face of pinhead , almost lose to the darkness of the alley , be glimpse on the screen as it loom toward the lens . the image disappear to darkness , over which Doc 's scream of mortal terror and agony can be hear before the blackness be suddenly replace by a station identification card and then a very harry anchorperson at a studio desk . anchorperson well , we have ... er ... yes , we have temporarily lose we picture there and ... and ... joey have she hand at she mouth in horror . joey doc! doc !! joey leap to she foot , grab the box from the tv , and stare at it in she hand . smash -cut to int / ext joey' car / ctty street night joey 's hand grip she steering - wheel tightly . her face be draw and grim . the box be on the seat beside she . she be drive very fast . she have to slam on the brake at a red light . she pound at the dashboard in frustration . joey c'mon . c'mon ! 79 ext . the street of the CITY night close on a terrify face . the face belong to eddie , a 20 year old runner for a drug gang . his head be press tight against a brick wall . his nose be bleed and he eye be red and ready to bruise . eddie I will get it ! I promise ! I will ... a fist slam into Eddie 's face . wider angle reveal - a alley . Eddie be be hold against the wall by two uniform cop , one in he 40' , one in he 20' . the elder cop have just punch Eddie in the face . elder cop do not promise I shit , you little fuck ! you know what you promise be worth to I ? huh ? fifty per cent of fuck - all ! younger cop give he the money , Eddie . eddie I do not ... a big back -hande slap from the elder cop . younger cop give he the money , Eddie . eddie just listen to I , please ! I ... the elder cop gut - punch he and Eddie double up . elder cop I be do listen , shit -brain ! where you be all day ? they shut the school ? kindergarten close ? no customer ? huh ? huh ? younger cop give he the money , Eddie . tell ya , I be gonna puke if he beat on you any more . just give he the ... the younger cop pause , look beyond they down the alley as a long black shadow fall over they . 80 younger cop ... money . what the ... ? the elder cop , at the change in he partner 's tone , look up . stand in the center of the alley at its far end , light come from behind he so that he be unclear , be pinhead . elder cop ( calm . expecting obedience ) you , fuckoff . he turn back to Eddie . elder cop get you head outta you stinkin ' ass and look at I , boy . younger cop ( still look down alley ) hey ... pinhead be move up the alley towards the action . elder cop shove Eddie away . elder cop ( to Eddie ) get lose . Eddie do not waste time with question . he 's go . the cop straighten up and start walk to meet pinhead . pinhead advance - still in the shadow , still just a black shape move forward . elder cop I have the distinct impression I tell you to fuckoff . unless I miss my guess , you have just disobey a officer of the law . pinhead emerge into the ( dim ) light in the alley . pinhead I be the Law . cop halt in shock at this awesome presence , both of they instinctively draw they gun . and both instinctively beginning to back up . elder cop you be one butt-ugly son of a bitch and you be about to dead meat . 81 pinhead I be the son of eternal night and you be about to discover pain have no end . well , that 's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law . both cop fire they gun . once. twice . Three time . pinhead keep walk . he spit out the bullet that he body have absorb . younger cop oh shh ... they empty they gun - useless - and then they turn and run down the alley . and then stop short . there be a sudden wall of impenetrable blackness in front of they as if the world simply come to a stop four yard from they foot . the cop turn , terrify , to look back . instinctively , they spread apart - each walk near to opposite wall . the young cop be stand beneath a fire escape . he glance up as if he might be able to jump up to safety . no. too high . pinhead 's head flick upward as if in a gesture of command . suddenly , the Fire escape ladder zoom downward with impossible speed and force . the younger cop do not even have time to scream . the ladder smashes right through he body , impale he . his corpse stand there twitching and shudder , wrap around the ladder . elder cop stare in terror at he partner 's fate . elder cop no. no. no. no. no. no. pinhead stand very still and speak very calmly . pinhead curb you tongue . the elder cop 's body start to move involuntarily . his movement be jerky and spasmodic as if he mind be try to fight what he body be try to do . pinhead 's head move through various position . his face be calm , show no particular pleasure at what he be do but only a fascinate concentration as if experiment with new - find skill . 82 the elder copt shaking puppet-like hand draw he handcuffs from he belt . his eye show terror . everything else be beyond he control . he raise the cuff to head level and spring one of they open . his mouth suddenly jerk open and he tongue protrude . the fear in he eye increase . he move the open cuff over he tongue . he 's make panicked moan noise as if try to scream . slam ! he drive the cuff close right through he tongue ! and scream ( as best he can ) . pinhead look beyond the cop to the wall of blackness and make another commanding gesture with he head . a chain fly from the darkness and wrap itself around the other cuff . the chain pull taut and then suddenly retract into the darkness , haul the cop off he foot and drag he along the alley into the blackness . the cop scream and moan all the way until he be envelop into the darkness and then the sound suddenly stop dead . ext . CITY street , near club night a paramedic be attempt to hold joey back . in the distance behind they be the wreckage of the club . they be stand near the alley into which Doc 's camera disappear . joey but I have to see he ! I be he friend ! paramedic Lady , trust I ! you really do not want to go ... but joey have slip past he obstruct arm and run on into the alley . and pull to a horrify stop . joey no! no !! reverse angle - joey' Pov 83 the scene be well - light by Police emergency light . it be tape off by yellow do not cross banner . paramedics and cop stand around in various state of shock or disgust . in the middle of it all be doc. quite dead . the body be kneel up , its cold hand rest on its lap and hold its severe head which stare up at its shoulder . the camera have be shove deep between the corpse 's shoulder blade and be angle down as if filming its dead face . close on joey 's devastate face . ext . inner -city church night a establish shot of a church at the top of a small hill . int . inner -city church night the Church be in semi-darkness . some candle at a offertory , some other on a altar , provide the only light . on the very front pew a priest sit , head bent low in prayer . the Priest be a young man . probably a good man . we be not really go to have the time to find out . a shadow seem to pass over the Priest 's bow head . at first , it seem he have not notice . then he look up , a little puzzle . he look to he right , he leave , then shift in the pew to look back along the central aisle . there be row and row of empty pews and , in the distance , the Church door ... which be ajar . the Priest stand , walk to the start of the aisle , and look back along it again . priest ( call down aisle ) be there anyone there ? hello ? silence . a beat . the Priest look puzzle . we see he mind work . he 's look right , look leave , look down ... how about ...? he turn right round to face the altar . priest Pov 84 to the Priest , it 's a image of nightmarish blasphemy . even to we heathen , it 's pretty shocking ; pinhead in all he dark glory be stand behind the altar . priest how dare you ! it get worse . pinhead , stare at the Priest all the while , reach he hand to the back of he head and begin to extract one of the pin from he skull . the pin be horribly long and , sickeningly , the last few inch be not metal at all but some kind of infernal worm - dark , slimy , and befange . pinhead press the worm against he palm and it instantly burrow through he flesh pull its pin-tail behind it . he repeat the operation with the other palm . he turn he palm out to show the Priest in a blasphemous parody of Christ 's stigmata . pinhead I be the Way . the Priest rush up to the altar to pinhead . priest you will burn in Hell for this ! the Priest reach he . pinhead 's hand be on he throat instantly , squeezing silence from he . pinhead burn ? what a limited imagination . the choke Priest kick and struggle as pinhead force he to he knee before he . pinhead tower over the Priest . he smile . with he free hand he gouge out a piece of he own flesh from the decorative wound on he chest . he hold the bloody piece of meat up . pinhead this be my body . this be my blood . happy be they who come to my supper . pinhead shove the disgusting lump of blue and bloody flesh into the Priest 's aghast mouth . pinhead fling the priest away from he . 85 the Priest land heavily on the floor . pinhead walk forward , smash the altar aside . all the candle flicker as if a unheard wind be blow through the Church . pinhead walk up the aisle toward the semi-conscious Priest . and all the candle go out . blackness int / ext joey' car / CITY street night joey be drive again . and this time she 's not even stop at red light . she steam across junction , leave car swerving and horn honk in she wake . something catch she eye and she throw a glance to she side . joey ( appal ) oh God ... joey' ( moving ) Pov up a side street , atop a hill , be the inner-city Church . it 's on fire . joey swing the car up the hill . smash -cut to : joey get out of the car nearer the burn church . off to she side be a smaller building , the Church Hall . joey shake she head at the desecration . she have no doubt who 's responsible . joey have fun en route , you bastard . suddenly , a creaking noise from behind she . joey freeze in terror then slowly - very slowly - turn round . joey' Pov - SHOCK reveal the Priest - now mercifully dead - be crucify against the side wall of the smaller building . pinhead 's nail protrude from he palm and he ankle . 86 ext CITY street night a series of quick cut of joey 's car tear through the darkness head back to she apartment . int . corridor , joey' apt . bldg . night joey rush down the corridor to she apartment door , hurriedly turn the lock and rush in . int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night joey close she door and switch on the light . the mood be suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town . it 's very still , very slow , very quiet . perhaps it 's too quiet : joey move into the room slowly , clutching the box in she hand and glance round . her manner make the mood suddenly creepy . be the monster already in the house ? very slowly , very carefully , joey begin to move round she apartment . hardly breathe , make no sudden movement , she check she door . the kitchen ... empty . the bedroom ... empty . the bathroom ... empty . joey stand back in the center of she main room , face out to she big picture window . slowly , she let out a big breath and then draw a equally slow one in . maybe it 's alright ... maybe the monster be not here ... maybe ... magically , eerily , slowly , the box begin to rise from joey 's hand . her eye stare in horror as it ascend through the air . joey oh shit ... maybe there 's one place she have not check . swallow nervously , joey tilt she head up and back , she eye rise up in they socket . the camera tilt low ... low ... lower ... take in a wider view of the room and its ceiling and the ascend box ... and the audience scream ! like a spider or a lizard , pinhead be flat against the ceiling , arm stretch out for balance , he face stare down at joey . joey throw she hand to she mouth and scream . 87 pinhead , angle down foot first , float elegantly to the floor to stand face joey . the box land in one of he outstretch hand . he hold it out to show joey ... and then suddenly close he powerful hand on it , apparently crush it . he fling the remnant from he and they land on joey 's floor - chunks and splinter of wood , whirring and spin machinery of gold and silver , and score of tiny writhe worm . joey no ! pinhead watch . thanks to the miracle of trick photography , the remnant suddenly come back together and reassemble themselves into the box which sit there intact on the floor . pinhead the box can not be destroy . like pain or the poor , it be always with we . but as long as I have it , no - one can open it . now come here and die . you have friend in Hell wait to greet you . joey begin to back across the room toward she window . joey you will have to come and get I , you ugly bastard . pinhead spirit . good . I will enjoy make you bleed . I will enjoy make you enjoy it . pinhead start across the room . joey look at she window . it 's the normal view ... with the normal seven-story drop . pinhead close . she bite she lip , go for it : in a literal and metaphorical leap of faith she run headlong at the window and jump at it . the window shatter . pinhead 's arm reach out after joey as if to grab she and pull she back . sidelong angle 88 - show he arm enter the shattered window and also show the night - time cityscape beyond the window . what it do not show be the front of the monster 's arm . that 's somewhere else . CUT to int . quonset hut close on pinhead 's arm , still clutching at the air . suddenly , a khaki-uniformed arm move into shot and grasp pinhead 's hand , arm -wrestle style . wider angle ( with optical F /x ) Elliott literally pull pinhead through from one reality to another - we see part of the monster appear and disappear in front of the Hut wall as if glimpse through tear in reality . it 's like a tug-of - war which Elliott win - suddenly pinhead 's there on the floor of the quonset hut . and he other self - Elliott - still have hold of he hand . pinhead throw a glance around the Hut . he recognize it ... and the freeze figure at the top end perch before the box . pinhead ( furious rage ) aahhhh !!! elliott joey ! back to the wall , quickly ! joey run around then to the far wall - just in time because now the pyrotechnics start . Elliott tighten he grip and ( with a nice series of intercut close - ups of this two alternative selve ) the life -force of Elliott and pinhead begin to erupt . electric blue light begin to play over both they body . it 's apparently agonizing , both figure arching with the pain , both face grimace . joey watch , wince in sympathetic agony . joey Elliott ! no ! what about you ?! where will you be ?! Elliott grunt he answer through the agony . 89 elliott back with the damned . no more hope of heaven . but I drag this monster back with I ! pinhead you stupid interfere foo ... aaaaah ! various angle on the three selve - pinhead , elliott , and the seated officer the essence of pinhead and Elliott - draw from they body as sweeping , glow , spitting arc of blue light - crackle in the air of the Hut like a miniature electrical storm ... until they suddenly lock together in one more powerful arc which fly at the body of the seat Officer and disappear inside he in a blinding flash of light . and suddenly , as vision return , there be only the seat officer ( and , at the far end of the room , joey ) . and , almost as suddenly , the freeze scene come to life ; the radio near the camp bed be play . a bead of sweat fall down the Officer 's face as he reach forward to pick up the box . the Officer , apparently completely unaware of joey 's presence , begin to work the box . as the process work through , we intercut constantly between 1 ) the Officer 's hand and the movement of the box here in the Hut in 1921 . 2 ) exactly matching movement of the box back on the floor of joey 's apartment in 1992 . move on its own , link across the year to its earlier self . 3 ) joey watch the movement in the Hut . joey Elliott ? ... Elliott ? ... you can not hear I , can you ? it 's 1921 . I be not really here ... suddenly , small pattern of blue light arc across the box , shocking the Officer who drop the box and then stare in shock and fascination as ... on the floor , the box begin to open . the Officer kneel up and lean over the box ... 90 and the chain fly ! shoot up from within and hook themselves cruelly into the Officer 's face and chest . close on the Officer 's face , howling in agony . close on joey 's face , sobbing in distress . she throw up she hand to hide the unbearable sight from herself and , when she lower they , ... int . MAIN room , joey' apt . night .. she 's back in she room . alone . window intact . normal view . joey stare around , she face a mix of sadness and relief . the mood now be very down , post - cataclysmic , post-adventure . joey take a deep slow breath and cross the room toward the kitchen door . she cross the floor without glance down at it . why should she ? everything 's over . but we notice , even if she do not , that the box be no longer there . but we hardly have time to register this before ... joey open the kitchen door . joey ( scream !!!!) pinhead be frame in the doorway . behind he , instead of she kitchen , be the black space of Hell - like the torture room in hellraiser and hellbound , it be full of shadowy pillar and chain . pinhead oh , no kiss of welcome after 70 year ? joey back away , shaking she head in shocked denial . pinhead move forward , very leisurely . pinhead this will be so good , joey . you love he , do not you ? I can feel he inside , weep for you . he can watch through the century as we discover the thing that make you whimper . joey 's mood break and she turn and rush for she front door . she reach it , throw it open ... and scream . 91 jp Monroe be in the doorway - but he 's only just recognizable . he 's now a cenobite - blue-skinned , scar , mutilate , and decorate with metal and leather . pinhead you never meet , do you ? this be jp Monroe . jp cenobite have you see what they do to I ? have you see what they do ? you interfere little whore ! the jp cenobite move into the room . joey , now near hysteria , rush across the room again to the one remain door - she bedroom . she throw that one open ... and terri , the new female cenobite , walk out at she . she have the open box in she hand and several cigarette protrude from different hole in she cheek and face . joey terri ? oh no ! no !! terri !! terri cenobite oh , go on . have one . fuck it . you think you be go to live forever ? pinhead and jp be advance across the room toward joey and terri . joey only have second to act ... joey wanna light , you bitch ?! joey pull she father 's Zippo from she pocket and spark it up as she swing it through the air close to terri 's face . a huge flame shoot out of the Zippo ( as in the earlier scene ) and scour across terri 's face . terri howl in terror , throw she hand to she face ... and the box fly from she hand . joey catch it , spin it , close it ! a arc of blue light zap across to terri and she 's go ... still in one movement , swinging on she heel , joey twist the box again ... and another Arc of light zap jp away ... 92 joey complete she turn . she 's face pinhead . she hold the box before she like a weapon ... and she 's get the monster in she sight ... pinhead wait ! his hand be raise palm out . he 's stop advance . joey hold the box ready , breathe heavy , wait ... pinhead you can send I back . but why ? I can help you , joey . I can give you what you want . joey you will never know what I want ... ( despite what she 's say , we see joey 's face register every word of pinhead 's reply , every nuance , every promise ... ) pinhead respect . power . you and I can put you name on the World 's lip , you face on it 's screen ... camera track closer to the box in joey 's hand as pinhead speak . closer and closer until it 's side fill the screen . cross -fade int . ms. summerskill's office day close on the face of the box , still fill the screen . slow pull back to reveal that the box be mount on a plinth within a glass bell - jar . pull back continue . the bell - jar stand on a tall thin wooden sculpture stand . pull back continue . the stand be next to a large impressive desk in a even larger even more impressive office . and seat behind the desk be ... well , we can not really call she joey - she 's far too impressive for that ... be Ms. joanne summerskill . her hair be different . her make - up be different . her clothes be different . everything about this woman speak of power and sophistication .