hell or high water written by Taylor sheridan OPEN on : Dead grass . burnt from four month of triple digit heat and no rain . we move past a endless sea of it . past pump jack draw black gold from the dirt ... past a herd of cattle scratch breakfast from the blister earth -- two old bull huddle in the shadow of a mesquite tree , choose shade over hunger . we pass a graveyard of farm equipment and rusted propane tank , signal the city limit of archer CITY , TEXAS . we look over the town -- it do not take long . surround a old , stone courthouse be empty building with break window . a cafe . a title company ... and first TEXAS bank . we stop in front . we hear a car door open and shut . elsie walberger , 60 , and heavy , curler in she hair , waddle past we to the entrance of the bank . she unlock the door . as she heft it open -- camera rush toward her . elsie be push forward and fall to the floor of the bank with a thud . she moan , roll to she side , and see : int . first TEXAS bank -- archer CITY -- cont . two silhouettes . men . hard to say who for two reason : the morning sun through the glass door and the ski mask pull over they face . elsie what in the devil -- robber ( offer she a hand ) stand up and take we to the cash drawer . elsie I will not . the robber kneel below the glare and point a revolver at she face . robber 2 we be not askin’ . she scramble to she foot and be escort behind the counter . elsie there 's no money in the drawer yet . it 's in the safe and I be not get the key . robber prove it . she open the drawer . sure enough , they be empty . robber ( cont 'd ) damn . elsie y'all be new at this I be guess . robber 2 where 's the money ? elsie I tell you , in the safe . robber 2 who 's get the key ? elsie mister clauson . he ’1ll be here soon , and I suggest you feller do not be . all you be guilty of right now be be stupid . just leave and that 's all it will be . one of the robber spin she to face he . grab she by the throat . his cold eye stare deep into hers . robber 2 call I stupid again . elsie think you scare I ? you stupid son of a bitch . uh oh. 3. the thief 's partner step up , put a hand on the angry man 's shoulder , ease he back , and step between they . robber when do mister clauson get here ? elsie eight -thirty every morning . they look to the clock on the wall -- 8:29 . the other robber grab she by the arm and drag she around to the main foyer of the little bank . point he pistol at she head . robber 2 sit. she start to move toward a small sofa . robber 2 ( cont 'd ) where the hell be you go ? sit on the floor . she do . right in the middle of the bank . she look up at they -- scared for the first time . elsie what be you gonna do ? CUT to : ext . first TEXAS bank -- day . a ' 78 buick in mint condition come to a stop in front of the bank . mr. clauson , 50' , bit of a belly and barely any hair , climb out and look up at the bank sign , digitally display the time and temperature . the time be 8:30 be . the temperature be 98 . mr . clauson goodness , it 's gonna be a cooker . he move toward the entrance of the bank . behind he we see virtually no sign of life . it 's a miracle this bank be even open . int . first TEXAS bank -- cont . Mr. clauson step through and see : elsie sit uncomfortably in the center of the lobby , prop all she weight on one arm , like a break chair . mr . clauson elsie , you alright ? she shake she head ' no 's as a pistol be place to Mr. clauson 's temple ... CUT to : int . 1988 chevy camaro -- day . a burnt field , char and smoking , whizze by as the engine whine . we see two man : toby hanson , late 30' , a kind face mark by year of sun and disappointment , ride shotgun . it 's not the face of a thief , it be the face of a farmer . behind the wheel be tanner hanson , 40 , he brother 's opposite in every way : mustache , shaggy hair , a air of danger that attract as many woman as it repel . he light a smoke as Toby wipe sweat from he brow . tanner grin from ear to ear . tanner just like the army . doin 's more before nine a.m. than most folk do all goddam day . Toby look straight ahead . they ride in silence for a moment . then tanner explode -- tanner ( cont'd ) whooooooooohoocooohoohoo ! !!! ! he pound the dash . Toby wait for the storm to pass . it do . silence again . toby you need to go a little easier on the teller . tanner I go as easy on they as they go on I . beat . toby slow down . he do not . in the distance , they see the throbbing light of a sheriff' cruiser head toward they . toby ( cont 'd ) slow down -- tanner I be not speed . the cruiser race toward they . tanner drive without a care in the world . Toby be freeze to he seat , eye tracking the car as it approach . the cruiser whip by . Toby look in the side mirror , certain the vehicle be go to turn around . it do not . tanner ( cont 'd ) see , little brother ? we be not get a worry in the world . tanner take a long pull from he cigarette , and look out over the black top . toby plannin 's this and doin 's it 's two different thing . tanner laugh . his demeanor be so relaxed , you would think they be take a drive with no destination at all . tanner shit , most people that do this do not think to plan at all . ... you know , we be half way to olney . might as well put ourselves a day ahead . Toby look exhaust . but it 's true . tanner look at he and smile . tanner ( cont 'd ) c'mon . early bird get the worm . beat . toby slow down . he do not . ext . two lane highway -- cont . the camaro pull away from we . we try to keep up , but it disappear over a rise . we stare at break yellow line as they race underneath we . camera rise . we see the camaro in the distance . it be the only car on the road . in fact , it be the only sign of life in any direction . smoke rise from scorched field in every direction . from we vantage point , it seem the whole world be on fire ... CUT to : int . first TEXAS bank -- olny branch -- day . this branch be build in the fifty and have not have a remodel since . there be one surveillance camera mount above the teller 's counter . a man in he 8ux be place roll of coin on the counter before a chubby , young teller . there be a dolly load with three cardboard box beside he . they be the only two people in the bank . man I find three box in the barn . Lord know how long they be sittin there . ( the old man chuckle ) I be live on a inmate 's diet and have all this box just sit under feed sack . the teller smile . teller how do you forget such a thing ? old man Old as I be , lucky I could find my way here . the teller examine a roll of penny . teller this one say 1953 . she break open the roll . teller ( cont 'd ) I wonder if any of this be collector 's item . you could be sit on a fortune here . we hear a jingle of bell from the front door . in a flash , a pistol be point at the old man and a blurred image leap over the counter . tanner , in ski mask , be now behind the teller , pistol to she head . Toby appear beside the old man . tanner open the drawer . her eye go wide . she raise she hand to the sky . tanner ( cont 'd ) put yer hand down and open the drawer . she do . toby one , fives , ten , and twenty . no hundred . old man do not this figure . good lord will not even let I have it for a damn day . toby ( look over the box ) we do not want you coin , old man . old man so you boy be robbing the bank ? tanner shut up . toby keep you hand on the counter . the old man simply can not wrap he head around what he 's see . old man that 's crazy ... ya will be not even mexican . she reach for the ink pack . tanner no no no . leave that where it be . and none of they in bundle , just the loose cash . old man you oughta be ashamed of yerself -- tanner oh , I be . make no mistake . but I be do it anyway . put you hand on the counter where I can see they , old man . get a pistol on you ? old man damn right I do . tanner ( look hard at Toby ) keep up with the circumstance , okay ? Toby shake he head at the scolding and frisk he , find a snub nose .38 and set it on the counter , out of the old man 's reach . old man you gonna steal my gun ? tanner ( point he pistol ) I get my own gun -- toby we be not steal from you , we be steal from the bank . old man it 's the same thing , son . tanner jump the counter . tanner like hell it be . they turn and run . the old man grab shatter glass beside they as they ext . first TEXAS bank -- olny , TEXAS the brother run around the building and the wait camaro . they tear off through the alley . he pistol and fire , exit the building . -- cont . to the back of the bank the old man struggle out the front door , pistol in hand , look down the street . nothing . look the other way . nothing there either . just like the last town , it appear in every way to be desert . int . camaro -- residential STREET -- olny , TEXAS -- day . mask remove , the brother be drench in sweat . they pass house after house with dead lawn and no car in the driveway . some of the window be break , some board up . one thing be certain , whoever live in this little town do not live here anymore . tanner put the gun on the counter ?? you like to get we kill ! toby I be not steal from some old man . we steal from one place . that 's it . but tanner be not angry , he 's laugh . tanner you be turn out to be a poor criminal . Toby open the trash bag , judge the take . this be a much bigger haul . tanner ( cont 'd ) see what the early bird get ? through the windshield we see field after field of cotton , drab and stunt from the heat . olney be far behind we now . a tinge of relief on Toby 's face -- this may actually work . he lean he head back . tanner ( cont 'd ) ( the gleam return to tanner 's eye ) wanna head over to the branch in jayton ? relief go . 10 . toby no . ( he look at he brother ) we hit this bank first thing in the morning . when they be empty ... that 's the last time I care to be shot at . Toby run he hand over he sweat - drench face . toby ( cont 'd ) gotta be smart . we be a way from be finish . tanner Hell , we could do this all week . toby we be gonna . tanner laugh . tanner can not nobody stop we ... we like the comanch , little brother . lord of the plain ... raiding where we please , with the whole of Texas huntin’ we shadow . field after empty field fly by Toby 's window . he stare out over they . tanner light a smoke , draw in a deep drag . tanner ( cont 'd ) lord of the plain . that 's we ... Toby look in the direction of he great worry , who exhales smoke and smile . CUT to : int . TEXAS ranger 's office -- abilene , TEXAS -- day . marcus hamilton , two week shy of 70 , thick silver mustache , sit at he desk . a large Texas flag tack to the wall behind he . he look over a letter from the dps headquarters in Austin . the head say it all : mandatory retirement referendum . the letter be wear at the edge -- Marcus have spend a fair amount of time look it over . 11 . Marcus pack a can of Copenhagen with fifty year 's worth of skill , and stick a pinch inside he lip . a young Ranger , and by young I mean 50 , walk in . his name be alberto parker , and aside from he olive skin , he look almost identical to Marcus : thick mustache , beer belly , gold star on a starch white shirt , bone color stetson hat . parker you hear about this bank robbery ? marcus why you always dress like I ? beat . parker this be we uniform . marcus we be not get no uniform . you can wear any color shirt you choose . you just keep choose mine . parker Texas Ranger reg say white , blue , or tan dress shirt . stands to reason every so often we gonna end up dress the same . marcus well , they say imitation be the great form of flattery , alberto . do you know that ? alberto be half comanche and half latino , though he Texas twang be as pronounce as any cowboy . parker wanna hear about this bank robbery or just sit there and let Alzheimer 's run its course ? marcus where at ? parker first Texas in archer City and first Texas in olney . marcus FBI look for a assist ? 12 . parker ai not theirs . first Texas be not get branch outside the state . not interstate commerce . a flicker of fire ignites in Marcus 's eye . parker ( cont 'd ) you may get to have some fun before they send you to the rock chair yet . Marcus 's chair squeak as he lean back . marcus +. I may have one hunt leave in I . CUT to : ext . hanson ranch -- day . the camaro throw dust along the dirt road as it drive past a rotting house , various outbuilding , and a collapse barn . a few skinny cattle try to eek out a meal from the dead grass . the camaro drive past the barn , past a dry pond , and stop . Toby step out of the camaro . climb on a front-end loader ( a bulldozer in layman 's term ) . tanner drive the camaro into a ten -foot deep ditch . beside the ditch be thirty peach tree , they root protect by burlap sack . the bulldozer roar to life and begin push a large pile of red dirt . int . bulldozer -- cont . we look down on the blade hold two ton of dirt . watch as it release the load , pound the roof of the camaro . we see tanner carry two duffel and the trash bag of money toward the sheet metal barn . half-starved cattle watch with curiosity from the relative shade of a mesquite tree . 13. ext . sheet metal barn -- cont . tanner pull open the door to the barn . Inside , we see three vehicle . a chevy blazer , a old Ford Taurus , and a rusted Ford pick up . tanner toss the duffel on the hood of the Taurus . walk out of the barn carry the bag of money . ext . front porch -- hanson ranch house -- a little later . tanner sit , guzzle a beer , a unopen Bud in he lap . Toby walk up , tanner toss the beer to he . toby I need you sober . tanner who the hell get drunk off beer ? toby you count it ? tanner smile . tanner ai not my money . Toby begin stack and count the cash as he sip he beer . tanner ( cont 'd ) we oughta go hit the branch in coleman before we change this money . toby we change the money first . hit the branch in coleman in the morning . tanner it do not make no sense to drive to Oklahoma , then drive all the way back to coleman , then all the way back to Oklahoma when we could change all the money tonight . toby it do not make sense to you . tanner that 's what I say . 14 . but Toby offer no explanation . tanner ( cont 'd ) goddam that be fun ... be not it ? toby no . tanner laugh out loud . tanner you lie bastard . I see you . you like it ... look like you be sproutin 's a little wood fer that teller in olney too . that 's the problem with this baggy jeans -- can not hide a hard hog against yer leg . remind I to wear my wrangler if we start robbin’ high school . Toby look up . toby this be not suppose to be fun . and we be not robbing anybody . we be robbing ‘em back . tanner drain he beer , crack open another . tanner call it what you want . it 's the most fun I have have with clothes on . I would not have miss this fer the world and two hooker . Toby look at the stack of money . toby half way there . tanner hold out a beer . Toby look into he smile eye . shake he head and take it anyway . tanner walk to the edge of the porch . jump off . walk out and turn back toward the house . tanner Boy this place look like shit . tanner look over the emaciate cattle in the field beside he . 15 . tanner ( cont 'd ) ai not a decent steak between the whole lot of that sorry son of bitch . Toby watch he brother , sense the storm brewing . know silence be the best weapon against it . tanner shake he head at the crumble house . for the first time , he be not smile . he jump back on the porch and walk inside . Toby rub he sunburn temple , sigh , then stand and follow . int . hanson ranch house -- cont . Toby come through the front door . the furniture be at least thirty year old . box be stack everywhere . we see a suit lay across a chair at the dining room table . on the table be a pamphlet from a funeral -- black and white photo of a old woman on the front . the color version of that photo hang on the wall . beside the pamphlet be a first tax bank folder with numerous loan papers sprawle around it . tanner step out from the kitchen . look around . tanner you have not do much clean . toby clean mama six time a day . that be enough for I . tanner pick up the funeral pamphlet . tanner she die in the bedroom ? toby yeah . tanner take off down the hall . after a moment , Toby follow . 16 . int . bedroom -- cont . a hospice bed , complete with rail , sit in the center of the room , a iv stand by its side . the sheet and blanket be crumpled and toss back , as if someone just climb out . tanner better get this out of here before you boy move in . toby it 's on the list . tanner sip he beer . look around the room . stack of magazine . countless prescription bottle on the dresser . tanner she be in this bed a while , huh ? toby Three month . tanner nod . shuffle he foot . guilt set in . tanner I could have leat a hand if she would ask . could have feed they skinny cow at least . toby get nothing to feed ‘em . tanner well , could have clean up this house a bit . Toby almost smile . toby never think of you as the go - to guy for house clean . tanner no ... just robbing bank . beat . toby hey bud , you phone dial out , you could have check on we anytime . tanner she could have ask . 17 . tanner finish he beer , crush the can , and toss it on the bed . tanner ( cont 'd ) fuck she . she never want nothing to do with I anyway . tanner walk out of the room , brush past Toby . Toby look at the beer can . he walk over , pick it up , and put it on the night stand . ext . ranch house -- moment later . Toby step onto the porch . find tanner lean against a old corral fence . Toby give he brother some distance . tanner she leave a will ? beat . toby yeah . tanner be I in it ? silence . tanner turn to he brother , who look down at he boot , then dead into tanner 's eye . toby no . tanner have to smile . drink from yet another beer . Toby step off the porch and walk up beside he . toby ( cont 'd ) the will do not matter . she leave everything to I , and by Friday , it all go to my boy ... she do not mean nuthin’ by it . mama 's be go for year . I just tend to the body . tanner she damn sure mean it . mama be like a dog that get kick every time it be feed . ( more ) 18 . tanner ( cont 'd ) after a while she start to think the beatin’ be part of the meal . hate I fer knowin’ the difference . toby that 's not it . tanner no ? toby it 's cuz you never understand that fight back just make the beat last longer . tanner laugh . so do Toby . a little . tanner oh , I understand it . tanner lean into Toby , rest he hand on he brother 's neck . tanner ( cont 'd ) that 's why I stop fight and shot that son of a bitch . they both lean on the fence , look out over the parched field fill with mesquite -- the only plant mean enough to survive in this place . CUT to : ext . first TEXAS bank -—- archer CITY , TX -- day . Marcus and parker pull up to as large a crowd as archer City can muster : a dozen people and another dozen sheriff 's deputy stand under the awning of the bank , hide from the sun like bat . they walk toward the ' crowd 's as a truck pull a horse trailer slow . the window roll down and we see a rancher , 50 , he face as weathered as it be unforgive . rancher what 's go on ? marcus somebody rob the bank this morning . 19 . rancher do what ? marcus ai not see no one unusual in town , have you ? rancher I do not come to town except to buy diesel and put my paycheck in that sombitch right there ( point at the bank ) , and you say someone rob it ? marcus look that way . the rancher shake he head . rancher there be a time you could have leave that bank unlock overnight and no one steal a penny . Marcus smile . marcus I remember it . ( hand he a card ) you see anyone that look a little sideways , you give I a call . rancher sideway do not want to meet I . find itself on the wrong end of a short rope . marcus well , that would simplify thing for everyone but you . rancher maybe . if you can find the tree . the rancher pull away . Marcus smile . marcus God , I love West Texas . they walk to the bank as a deputy approach . deputy be not much of a robbery . get off with just under seven thousand . ( more ) 20 . deputy ( cont 'd ) take the drawer money . twenty 's and under . only loose bill . marcus so no ink pack . deputy nope . Marcus nod . parker smart . marcus that be smart , be not it . can we get a look at the video ? the deputy 's eye narrow . deputy let I introduce you to the bank manager . wave they over to a boil Mr. clauson . mr. clauson why can not we wait inside ? it 's gotta be -- he look above they to the first Texas sign and thermometer . mr. clauson ( cont ’d ) my goodness gracious , it 's a hundred and five and barely noon . deputy it 's a crime scene , Mr. clauson . marcus can we get a look at the surveillance video ? Mr. clauson shrink a little . mr . clauson well , umm ... they all wait for he to continue . he do not . just look at they , sweat . deputy no video . 21 . marcus «+. no video ? Marcus look up and point to the surveillance camera above the front door . marcus ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? mr . clauson oh , we get camera , but ... they wait for he to finish the sentence . he do not . marcus vcr bust , be that it ? mr . clauson they be plan to switch we over to a digital system that feed right into the computer , this new camera , they do not hook to we vcr 's . need some kind of usb port . marcus mmhmm . turn to parker . marcus ( cont 'd ) call over to the Young County sheriff 's , see if they just hit teller drawer and stick to small bill , I be sure they do , but -- and ask they if they think to hook they camera to some sort of recording device . parker dial he cell . Marcus turn to Mr. clauson . marcus ( cont 'd ) they armed ? mr . clauson yes sir . pistol . marcus face be cover ? mr . clauson ski mask , long shirt , sweat shirt and baggy pants , like they thug in Dallas . 22 . deputy tweaker maybe ? parker maybe . marcus Little early in the morning for tweaker -- parker what the hell you talk about ? tweaker do not sleep at all . they just ... tweak . all day and all night . and think of way to tweak some more -- like robbing bank . marcus this boy be not tweaker . tweaker rob drug store and park car , not bank . Marcus spot elsie , sit on the step , sweat bucket . he walk to she . marcus ( cont 'd ) you the teller ? she look up at he . her face wear the violation of the morning . elsie they push I to the ground . gun to my face . make I sit on the floor . her face curl at the think . elsie ( cont 'd ) on the damn floor . marcus I know they face be cover but could you tell they race ? she just look at he . marcus ( cont 'd ) Black ? White ? elsie they skin or they soul ? beat . 23 . marcus let 's leave they soul out of it for now . elsie if it be two black man , they have have never make it in the bank ... marcus so they appear caucasian be what you be say . elsie ( nodding ) from around here somewhere be my guess . from they voice . parker walk up . parker Young County say same deal . marcus they get video ? parker shake he head . parker same deal all the way around . marcus do not Wal - Mart sell all sort of electronics ? my word ... this boy be not do , I 'il tell you that much . parker how come ? marcus they be patient . just hit the drawer and do not take the hundred cuz that 's the bank 's money -- you can trace that . they be try to raise a certain amount be my guess and it 's gonna take a few bank to get there at this rate . besides ... Marcus look at Mr. clauson , elsie , and the little bank . marcus ( cont 'd ) this be just too damn easy . 24 . Marcus look back over the small crowd -- all simple , country folk , milling about in a state of grave disbelief . it 's a miracle people have not be robbing they non-stop for the past century . CUT to : int . diner -- vernon , TEXAS -- late afternoon . Toby and tanner sit at a table scarfing chicken fry steak . through the window we see a west TEXAS state bank branch . they be no longer dress in baggy , urban gangster wear , but like the poor country boy they be . aside from a few old timer sip coffee in a distant booth , the diner be empty . tanner you be boy know how rich they be about to be ? toby they do not know anything . tanner you take ‘em to the funeral ? a beat as they chew they food . toby like I say . they do not know anything . tanner you have not tell ‘em they grandmama die ? ( Toby just eat ) when 's the last time you see ‘em ? beat . toby when we all go to the rodeo in stamford . right after you get out . tanner stop chew . tanner that be last year . and that will do it for Toby 's appetite . he set he fork down . 25 . toby I talk to ‘em on the phone . when Debbie 's not around ... it 's like time hook a chain to ‘em , and it 's just ... pull they away . tanner want a little advice ? toby no. tanner go see ‘em tomorrow . in case this do not work out , at least they 'il have a chance to do something if we get pop -- lord know you spider of a ex-wife will not let this go without a fight . toby get any idea how much I owe in child support ? Debbie see I walk up , she will have the sheriff on the phone before I ring the doorbell . when we be do with this , I 'il see ‘em every day . tanner laugh at he brother . beat . tanner you get enough in you front pocket to fix that problem . toby we would have to add one to the list . tanner so add one . Toby look at he plate . toby you talk like we be not gonna get away with this . tanner lean into he . tanner I be not never meet nobody who get away with anything . ever . have you ? 26 . tanner smile . wipe he mouth with he napkin and toss it on he plate . tanner ( cont 'd ) I gotta shit like a old goat . grab the check and meet I out front . and tanner 's off . Toby swirl he almost empty tea , watch the few remain ice cube travel around the bottom of the cup . jenny ann ( 0.s. ) Boy , if that be not a hint , I do not know what be . we look up at jenny ann , 29 , a real looker when she be a teenager . now , too plump to be call pretty , but still cute and proudly display the one benefit of gain fifty pound . her blouse can barely contain she breast . she take he cup and fill it . jenny ann ( cont ’d ) you like you steak ? toby I do . jenny ann ( look over he plate ) get a way to go yet . toby you will be here all night wait for I to finish this . she stand over he , smile . int . west TEXAS state bank -- cont . a young teller , this must be she summer job because she look sixteen , sit at she ' window 's stare at a small black and white tv . tanner ( 0.s. ) sure be quiet in here . teller everyone 's at lunch , can I -- a ski mask stare back , pistol casually point at she . 27 . tanner open that drawer and take out the fives , ten , and twentys . fan they out in front of I like a deck of card . she do as he say . look at he , almost hyperventilate . tanner ( cont 'd ) you purse down there ? teller I do not have any money . tanner do not want you money , darlin’ . he smile a toothy grin through the mask . tanner ( cont 'd ) I want you driver 's license . Hand it over . she fumble for she purse , retrieve it . hand he the license . teller what be you gonna do ? tanner depend . if you call the police -- tanner look over he shoulder to a glass office , a man sit behind the desk , face away from we . tanner ( cont 'd ) or say anything to he , ( he hold up the license ) I be gonna drive to you house and kill everyone I find . understand ? she frantically nod ' yes 's . tanner ( cont 'd ) good girl . he smile , he eye linger over she young body , watch she breast heave with every panicked breath . tanner ( cont 'd ) you be lucky I be on a schedule . he turn and walk out . the girl lean back on she stool , gasp for air . 28 . int . diner -- cont . jenny ann what do you do ? toby ( he lie ) last job be for a natural gas company . jenny ann that sound high dollar . he smile . toby nothing high dollar about drilling , and ... no one 's drilling for gas now anyway . jenny ann well , they be sure drilling for oil . ai not one drill the same as the next ? he look at she bright eye and eager , almost flirty smile . it make he a little uncomfortable . toby that 's my take on it . now I just gotta convince someone else to believe I . jenny ann I believe you . toby .- somebody hire . she toss she considerable weight to one hip . we she set the it . the look when another through this jenny ann could use a cook . check on the table . her phone number write on on she face be one of coy desperation . who know handsome man even close to she age will wander town again . jenny ann ( cont 'd ) just a think . she stand there . he say nothing . her coyness leave she . only desperation remain . finally , she walk off . he look at the bill : $ 18.49 29 . he look in she direction , pull a wad of steal money from he pocket and count out two hundred in twenty . ext . diner -- vernon , TEXAS -- continuous . Toby walk to the Taurus and look up to see tanner running toward he . tanner start the car . Toby put it together . toby shit . he jump in the car and fire it up . tanner jump int . taurus -- cont . Toby head straight for the side street . toby what did I tell you !!! you 're gonna get US kill !!! that 's not a first TEXAS branch ... I must be out of my goddam mind to ask for you help on this . tanner hold up a wad of cash . tanner Bet you do not owe this much in child support . in . he do not . Toby collapse he head against the seat . toby you just put we a goddam day behind . tanner light a cigarette . smile . tanner you be welcome . int . west TEXAS state bank -- a few moment later . the bank manager walk toward the teller , he head in a file . 30 . bank manager I need this copy in triplicate before we lock up -- he look up to see the terrify girl , mascara run down she cheek , shaking . he lean over the counter and see the open , almost empty drawer . bank manager ( cont ’d ) do you hit the alarm ? she just shiver . the manager lean he body over the counter and reach he hand underneath , hit a white button . the teller scream for all she 's worth and claw at he hand -- teller nooooo !!!! 1 ! int . marcus lincoln -- late afternoon . Marcus 's cell phone ring . he hand it to parker . parker can not answer you own phone ? marcus I be drive , all you doin’ be twiddle you fat finger . parker Ranger Hamilton 's phone ( listen , then look at Marcus ) turn around . ext . country road -- cont . we watch as Marcus 's lincoln whip around , head back north ... ext . hanson ranch -- sunset . we watch Toby plant peach tree in the red dirt that now rest on the Taurus . tanner sip a beer , stand under the shade of a large mesquite . tanner that one look crooked , Toby . could be a dead giveaway . 31 . tanner chuckle at he own joke . Toby march toward the house . toby now we will not make it to lawton till damn near midnight and we have to stay over cuz we gotta get another goddam car first thing tomorrow . tanner I all still be drink first thing tomorrow . how bout third thing ? Toby storm off toward the house . tanner empty he beer . toss it on the ground , still laugh at he own joke as he crack open another . his smile disappear . with no one watch , he bravado leave he too . he no longer look dangerous . just lonely ... CUT to : int . marcus lincoln -- sunset . Marcus and parker head north on a two lane black top . emptiness on either side of they . marcus just over a hour between the first two , then wait all day to hit the bank in Vernon ... Boy that 's bold , drive all over in a car with steal money . parker it 's reckless be what it be . tweaker , I be tell you . marcus I do not think this boy be reckless . damn sure be not tweaker . they know exactly what they be do . parker study he partner . parker how in the world be you gonna survive without someone to out smart ? you need a hobby and quick ... how bout a horse ? 32 . marcus Beth be the rider . a horse would just remind I of she . beat . parker you like to fish ? marcus not enough to do it every goddam day . parker when I retire , I be gonna move esma and I to Galveston , and buy a fishing boat -- there 's this boat get a bedroom , kitchen , bathroom , everything . like a float apartment . live on that sombitch right at the pier . marcus guess you forget about the hurricane that wash away the pier and the rest of Galveston with it . parker they be gonna rebuild it . I be not retire next week , you be . the word stung more than either man expect . parker fumble idly with the seat belt while Marcus stare straight ahead . marcus who know , maybe one of this bank robber will want a gun fight , and I will dodge retirement in a blaze of glory . parker I see you shoot . there will not be much glory in it . Marcus laugh . marcus well , I be lucky I get a half breed by my side to avenge I ... if you can stay sober enough to do it , know how you injun like the bottle . parker laugh at the insult . 33 . parker oh , you would avenge I , would you ? Marcus look over at parker , dead serious . marcus I have chase they all the way to hell and kill ‘em on the devil 's doorstep ... take my damnation with a smile , my friend . we look out the windshield . Black smoke block out the set sun . marcus ( cont 'd ) what in the hell be that ? the road wind up a hill . they crest it and see : cattle , hundred of they , stand in the road . Marcus lock the brake . the lincoln slide and squeal to a stop . they sit in silence , surround by cattle . parker good Lord , Marcus . cowboys on horseback race through the cattle , dismount , and frantically cut the barb wire on the fence along the far side of the road . Marcus lean out he window . marcus hey , ya will burn this field ? cowboy why in the shit would we do that ?? this kick up along the highway . wind keep turn , goddam if it be not be chase we for mile . whichever way we go , this damn fire follow . the cowboy be on he horse and riding up toward Marcus 's window . marcus wish we could do something for you . 34 . cowboy it would be easier if I just stand here and let it turn I to ash . put I out of my misery ... it 's the 21’st century and I be racing a fire to the river with three hundred cattle . no wonder my kid do not wanna do this nonsense for a live . the sun have set . the cowboy whistle and three dog spring from nowhere , nip at the heel of the cattle . one dog jump on the back of a cow , backlit by the die sun . it 's silhouette run from the back of one to another and another , terrifying the exhaust cattle into action . the cattle moo and moan and move through the thirty - foot hole in the fence . parker wanna call it in ? marcus it will burn out when it hit the brazos . no one to call around here anyway . this boy be on they own . the cattle pass , cowboy whooping and holler behind they . Marcus start the car down the road , which be now cover in cow shit . Marcus crest the rise in the road and the fire come into view -- a vast expanse of smolder black earth in its wake ... across the road , coyote , one after the other , trot across the road . up ahead a deer . then another . and another . seek salvation from the fire . parker look like noah 's Arc . marcus if the Arc never show . parker slow down . Marcus look at he cross -ey . marcus you see that fire to the leave of we ? 35 . parker there 's animal all over the damn road and you be -- the car jerk to a stop . stand in the middle of the road in the headlight be a cougar . it look at they like a man catch on the toilet . turn to run back toward the fire , then turn again and bolt over the barb wire fence , run off through the field . parker ( cont 'd ) I never see one of they before . Marcus 's face be one of wonder -- as though all this chaos be one last gift before the tedium of no purpose consume he . marcus I neither . Marcus open he door and step out onto the road . Fire move toward they through the field , crawl low to the ground , like a snake . as the dull orange of the set sun disappear , the neon - orange of the fire bleed toward they like lava . two more deer trot across the road . through the headlight , a exodus of dozen of rabbit . parker this be the craziest thing I ever see . marcus what a day . CUT to : int . chevy blazer -- night . tanner drive as Toby ride shotgun . country music keep they company . the air between they be thick . tanner slow and turn onto a dirt road . toby what be you do ? we be a day behind as it be . 36 . tanner casino be not go nowhere . I need a few thing ( off Toby 's look ) . my trailer 's right up here . Toby stew as the blazer bounce down the dirt road . they turn onto a easement and come to a bump gate -- a spring mount gate one bump with the grill of a car , force the gate to open and very slowly close as a vehicle pass through . they hit it , it pop back and they pull through . toby whose land be this ? tanner Jeremy chalker 's . let 's I keep it here in exchange for kill coyote . and any poacher who should wander this way . tanner wink at he . they bounce past mesquite and juniper and come to a tatter trailer . it be miss a rear wheel -- the axle propped level with stack wood . it be fade and filthy . a portable generator sit beside it as do propane tank and gas can . the blazer stop . tanner hop out . tanner ( cont 'd ) come on in . tanner disappear into the trailer . int . trailer -- cont . Toby step into the ' live area’ . it be absolutely filthy . clothes , fast food bag , empty beer can everywhere . Toby almost hold he nose as he look around . tanner ( 0.s. ) there 's cold beer in the fridge . Toby go to the fridge and grab one . anything to beat the stifling heat , make worse by stand in this tin box . 37 . Toby notice a shelf that run just beneath the ceiling . on it be frame photo of they as boy , as teenager , as young man . they be the only thing that be not break or in disarray . he move closer . look at they . one in particular : tanner and Toby on the front porch of the ranch house with they mother -— - she cold , unforgive gaze , tempere by Toby 's expressionless face , and tanner -- all smile . Toby look at it , he face now wash with regret . tanner ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) she look meaner 'o hell in that one , do not she ? toby do not look happy . tanner grin he devil grin . tanner that 's cuz I be stand next to she . grab this for I , will you ? he hand a duffel bag to Toby . the weight of it jerk Toby 's arm down . tanner ( cont 'd ) toss it in the truck , I will be right out . Toby exit and tanner open a small closet door , grab a ar 15 assault rifle , and a scope 30 - 06 ... ext . tanner 's trailer -- cont . Toby toss the bag in the back . unzip it : ammo can . tanner walk out of the trailer carry two rifle case . toby we do not need that . tanner they be my livelihood . can not just leave ‘em in the trailer for day on end . toby who 's gonna find ‘em out here ? 38 . tanner no one now . tanner place they in the back then climb in the driver 's seat . Toby turn and look at the trailer -- this be how he brother life . all he have to show for forty - two year of life . Toby shake he head , all anger go . pity in its place . he climb in the blazer , look at he brother . tanner ( cont 'd ) what ? toby nothing . it 's the kindest we have hear Toby speak . ext . gas station -- highway -- later . tanner rest he foot on the dash while Toby pump gas . tank fill , Toby hang up the pump . toby you want anything ? tanner Winston light and a Dr. pepper . Toby walk off . a new dodge challenger , paint to look vaguely like the duke of hazard vehicle , pull up in all its soulless pretension . behind the wheel be the post- modern version of white trash , in he 2us : head shave , MMA tank top , and a mountain of attitude . how this dickhead afforded this car in the first place be a mystery . tanner look over at he . the young punk stare back . punk what ? tanner smirk . look away . punk ( cont 'd ) what old man ? 39 . tanner look back at the steroid assist build of this asshole , and he skinny buddy riding shotgun . punk ( cont 'd ) you look for trouble , you come to the right place , mother fucker . tanner turn lazily toward he , lock eye . tanner Boy , you would think there be ten of I . punk oh yeah ? the punk flash a pistol . punk ( cont 'd ) not so fuck tough now , be you ? the punk be step out when the car door be slammed back into he . the gun fall to the ground . Toby grab the punk by he ear and pull he halfway out the window , then proceed to pound he face with elbow after elbow . he do it with a speed and violence we do not expect of he . tanner watch with a combination of amusement and affection . Toby step over to the passenger door while the punk hang unconscious from the driver 's window . when Toby throw open the passenger door , he be meet with raise hand and a look of terror . skinny punk he have it come ! he have it come ! Toby slam the door and walk toward the blazer . tanner lean back , foot still on the dash . tanner look at you , get a little spunk leave in you yet . Toby bend over and pick up the pistol . tanner ( cont 'd ) and even remember the gun . you be become a old hand at this . 40 . toby this asshole could have kill you . tanner smile and casually raise he own pistol . tanner not the way it would have go , little brother . Toby climb in the passenger seat . tanner start the engine as the punk slowly come to and look up at tanner , he break nose bleed profusely . tanner ( cont 'd ) ten of I . I tell you . tanner slam the blazer in gear and they pull back on the road . int . west TEXAS state bank -- night . the teller be be comfort by two of she friend . a few vernon PD officer mill about . one receive a radio call . he listen then approach the teller . vernon PD there 's a officer with you mama right now , she 's fine . you be daddy 's on he way here . Marcus and parker push through the bank door . the officer spot they and move in they direction . vernon PD ( cont 'd ) she 's a little shook up . perp take she driver 's license . threatened she family if she talk to we . have a hell of a time find they . mama work in wichita Falls and she daddy work on the waggoner ranch . marcus that a fact . they reach the girl . marcus ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , young lady ? teller Natalie . martinez . marcus there 's gonna be officer watch you house extra careful till we catch this bugger , I give you my word . natalie there 's more than one ?? marcus «+. only one man rob the bank ? she nod yes . natalie dress like a cowpoke , ' cept for the ski mask . marcus glove ? natalie like a surgeon wear . parker other wait in the car , maybe ? marcus that 's not the way they be do it . why change what work ? natalie he run to a car park out front of the cafe . they both turn . parker you see the car ? she nod again . natalie Green , four door . parker how old ? late model -- natalie I do not know car , mister . marcus be it a nice car , a okay car , or a real piece of shit ? 42 . she look he dead in the eye . natalie a real piece of shit . marcus now we be get somewhere . ( turn and see the bank manager ) that look like a man who could foreclose on a house . walk up to he . marcus ( cont 'd ) you the bank manager ? bank manager yessir , I be . marcus do not happen to have you surveillance camera on this morning , do you ? bank manager of course . beat . marcus so you get the robbery on video . bank manager of course we do . what kind of bank would we be if we do not have video surveillance ? marcus first Texas Bank . ( turn to parker and wink ) we have video . Care to give it a watch while I wander over to the cafe ? parker would you order I something while you be there ? I be starve . marcus I doubt they serve pemmican . parker have have enough . parker you know , I be half mexican too . 43 . marcus i’1ll get to that when I be out of indian insult . but it 's gonna be a while . Marcus turn and walk out . bank manager you ranger be a odd bunch . parker no. just he . int . diner -- vernon , TEXAS -- night . Marcus step through the door . the group of old man still sit in the corner , waitress peer through the window blind at the activity across the street . marcus even . waitress howdy . marcus I guess you be aware of the doing at the bank . waitress I do notice . marcus any out - of- towner come through today ? the waitress nod . waitress Jenny Ann wait on a couple of old boy that be not from here . marcus and where could I find Jenny Ann ? waitress she 's in the back . i’1l go get she . she disappear into the kitchen . Marcus turn to the old man . he know the answer to he question before he ask -- marcus ya will be here for a while ? 44 , old timer Long enough to watch someone rob the bank that 's be robbing I for thirty year . marcus you say you see they ? old timer saw the guy run from the bank . marcus what have he look like ? old timer have a mask on . but he run pretty good , so I would gather he 's youngish . marcus that so ... what 's youngish in you book ? old timer younger 'o you and I , but older than all this little girl run around here pour tea . pretty sure they be sit right over there , have lunch . marcus that a fact . can you describe they any better than youngish ? old timer tall , both of ‘em . lean , like cowboy . look like brother if you ask I . one have a mustache and scruff , other one be clean shave . scruffy one look like trouble . other one just look like a old country boy . Jenny Ann walk up to he . look at he badge . jenny ann Texas Ranger ? marcus yes mar ’am . tell I bout this handsome young stranger you wait on . jenny ann who say handsome ? beat . 45 . marcus I do . base on the fact you do not meet I in the parking lot holler about the two out of towner eat here right before a bank robbery . jenny ann they never mention they be robbing the bank . marcus pay cash for they dinner ? jenny ann that a crime now ? marcus how much they leave ? marcus ( cont 'd ) how much . jenny ann two hundred dollar . marcus can I see the bill they pay with ? jenny ann not a chance in hell . marcus that 's evidence . jenny ann it 's evidence if they be the bank robber . till then it 's my tip . her eye grow fierce . jenny ann ( cont ’d ) and half my mortgage . so you go get a warrant and come after the money I will be use to keep a roof over my daughter 's head . she turn and shake she big ass back to the kitchen . the old man laugh . old timer she 's a tiger , that one . parker come through the door . parker just one man hit the bank , like she say . checker button down shirt . jeans . ski mask . that 's about all the video tell we . Marcus look over at the old timer . old timer yep . checker shirt . that 's he . marcus ( point to the table by the window ) they be eatin’ right over there . tipped she two hundred dollar . Marcus smile as he look toward the kitchen . marcus ( cont 'd ) go wrestle a description from the sassy fat girl in the kitchen . and get that tip from she . we be gonna check they bill . old timer ( to parker ) good luck . marcus yeah , I have expect some resistance .-. and call that best western on 287 and grab we a room . parker we be stayin 's the night ? Marcus smile . marcus this be where all the action be . parker shake he head and move toward the kitchen . old timer sure seem foolish ... the day of robbing bank and live to spend the money 's long go , be not they ? ... Long go for sure . 46 . 47 . his friend nod in agreement , almost sadly . Marcus look they over , know they will be dead in a few year -- know tea and dominos and death be he future too . CUT to : int . chevy blazer -- night . Toby drive , tanner be sprawle out in the front seat . yellow line race underneath the hood in the dim glow of the headlight . tanner what do Justin want to do when he 's grow ? toby right now he 's just focus on slinging a football for a&m . tanner that 's what do I in . toby he 's a lot like you . tanner Bet that pucker yer red eye . Toby smile . toby more than you know . tanner forty two year of life , ten of they in prison ... if he will just turn leave where I turn right , he 'il be okay . George Strait come through the speaker . tanner ( cont 'd ) '' cold fort worth Beer , just ain 't no good for jealous -- tanner lean into he , close to he ear . tanner ( cont 'd ) '' I tried it night after night . '' 48 . Toby try to suppress a grin . beat . toby if you do not think we can get away with this , why have you agree to do it ? tanner light a cigarette . crack the window . tanner cuz you ask , little brother . Toby look at tanner -- a live testament to self destruction -- and absorb both the simplicity and weight of the statement . the neon light of the comanche red river casino invade the night sky and flood the road with yellow , red , and green . tanner come to life at the sight . tanner ( cont 'd ) my God that 's pretty . how we entertained ourselves before they let Indians open casinos , I will never know . toby just ... we be here to change the money , not lose everything at the blackjack table . tanner blackjack 's for old woman . i’11l leave that to you -- hold ‘em , baby . TEXAS hold ' em you son of bitch ! Toby can not help but smile as the virus of tanner 's excitement invade he ... CUT to : int . comanche red river casino -- night . the chime of slot machine fill the air as do the energy of people desperate to win what they can not earn . Toby and tanner stand in line to check in . tanner be almost childlike with anticipation . 49 , tanner get drunk with I . toby I be not gettin’ drunk -- tanner oh , man robbing bank be hard work , I ’m plum wore out from -- toby you think that 's funny ? tanner we be gonna remember this forever , Toby . tanner smile like a child . toby this be not suppose to be fun . tanner well , it 's gonna be . it 's they turn . a attractive front desk clerk greet they . clerk welcome to the comanche Red River casino , do you have a reservation ? tanner we do not -- dear lord , look at you --( pretend to adjust a neck tie ) we would be oblige if you would provide we accommodation , though we fail to call ahead . the clerk smile . clerk he 's gonna be feisty , be not he ? toby that 's one way of put it . there be a stack of book display at the check in . a black and white photo of the great comanche Chief quanah parker on the cover . tanner notice and point to the title -- tanner lord of the Plains . tanner grab a copy . 50 . tanner ( cont 'd ) we will take this too . you comanche ? clerk I be . tanner be that right . his eye penetrate she , she blushes . clerk we just need a , umm ... credit card for incidentals and if you could fill out this ... she hand they room form . toby we will be pay cash . clerk we still need a credit card for authorization . tanner put a thousand dollar on the counter . tanner how bout we leave mastercard out of it . he wink at she . clerk you be trouble . tanner the worst kind , darlin’ . in you last day at the nursing home , you will think of I and giggle . she do not wait for the nursing home -- she 's giggle now . CUT to : int . bar -- comanche red river casino -- night . we stare into a shot glass . it 's raise and throw toward we , past we . we turn around and watch Toby and tanner slam shot glass on the counter . Toby wince , tanner could drain a bottle . 51 . tanner now we 're talking . toby ( to the bartender ) can I grab a beer ? tanner man , look at the woman in this son of a bitch . we take a look around and have no idea who tanner be refer to . the woman we see be either obese or beat by the sun and alcohol to the point they look leather . toby you be kid I , right ? tanner let 's get another shot ... they 'il be pretty soon enough . bartender ! whisky if you please !!! Shots be pour . tanner grab he and raise it . tanner ( cont 'd ) to you boy . and the future we be give ‘em . Toby reluctantly raise he glass . tanner touch he to Toby 's . then slam it back . tanner ( cont 'd ) let 's change this money and have some fun . CUT to : int . best western -- vernon , TEXAS -- night . larry king be interview paris hilton . larry king and how old be tinkerbell ? beat . paris I do not umm ... I do not know . Old , like eight or something . 52 . parker ( 0.s. ) why could not we drive back to abilene ? marcus ( 0.s. ) cuz they be not robbing bank in abilene . larry king and she 's the focus of you new book call ... paris tinkerbell . parker ( 0.s. ) you mind if I change the channel before my head explode ? Marcus and parker lay in separate queen bed , wear they undershirt and stare at the boob box . marcus sure . parker surf . find PAT robertson scream about Obama and Satan . one in the same , base on Pat 's diatribe . marcus ( cont ’d ) we be not gonna watch this , be we ? parker ai not you Christian ? marcus I be , but I be not stupid . God do not talk through this man any more than he do through my dog . parker then maybe you should give you dog a listen . marcus ai not you indian ? you be suppose to be burn sage and dance around the bed whooping like a bee stung you . parker I be Catholic . 53 . marcus I would rather dance around a fire with a spear -- hell , I have rather you stab I with a spear than watch this . Change the channel . parker I would like a little God in my ear before I go to sleep -- marcus then open the window and listen to the wind . parker change the channel to espn . parker happy ? they be replaying highlight from the University of Texas 's first game of the year . marcus this be what God watch . parker cloud . parker do not worry , they will have soccer highlight soon enough . that 's for you mexican half . parker turn from the tv . bury he head in he pillow . Marcus be glue to the tube . marcus look at that boy run . longhorn gonna have a good team this year . I will never understand that soccer . anything a five year old can do be not a sport . parker shift in the bed . marcus ( cont 'd ) who invent soccer , the aztecs ? kick around skull or something ? that sound like a comanche sport . parker toss the remote in Marcus 's general direction . Marcus grab it and cradle it like a egg . victorious . 54 . parker in three week you can watch tv all day . marcus you know what 's funny , alberto ? beat . parker ... what. marcus in a year 's time , it 's my teasing you will miss . it 's what you will laugh about when you stand over my grave and wish I well . parker God , I hope that 's tomorrow . Marcus give a hearty laugh . marcus that 's a good one . you will get the hang of this yet . parker pull the cover up higher , try like hell not to like this old bastard . CUT to : int . comanche red river casino -- chip window -- night . Toby count out one , two , three , four , five thousand dollar in twenty and ten . he look at the window teller and lie . toby sorry . I sell my car and this be how the fella pay I . window teller we take it any way you bring it , mister . she take the money , put it in a money counter , and slide he ten thousand dollar in chip . window teller ( cont ’d ) ( know it will not help ) good luck . 55 . they walk from the window . Toby hand he brother a chip tray . toby just like that . no trace . do not lose it all . tanner take you own advice . toby I do not gamble . tanner have a laugh at that . tanner you wanna come to the poker table ? can not no one lose money at poker , not even you . toby I be gonna watch the aggie game and have a beer . tanner suit yerself . and tanner 's off . Toby look around . he head to the bar . order a beer and look out over the casino . int . comanche red river casino -- poker table -- night . tanner be at the no limit hold ‘em table , a enormous stack of chip before he -- he 's almost double he money . card be deal . tanner peak at he . pocket Cowboys . the betting start . everyone call the initial bet of $ 200.00 . everyone but tanner , who raise to a thousand . all eye be on he . he meet they with a ' try I 's look . none do . the chip be push toward he . he smile . a winner ... int . comanche red river casino -- bar -- night . Toby sit at the bar , watch a football game . beside he sit a woman , clearly a hooker , though a decent look one . 56 . she stare at he chip trays . she slide a few bar stool toward he . hooker quite a stack . Toby look over at she . it 's clear what she be , but she manage to make that part of she appeal . toby yeah , be pretty lucky . she slide closer . hooker no . when lucky man win , they hurry home like a scald dog . Men that can gamble and keep they money ... that 's a smart man . he look she in the eye . toby not much of a character study , be you ? hooker sweetheart , study character 's my profession . toby that 's not the profession I be figure for you . she smile and lean into he . hooker no ? what do you figure ? int . comanche red river casino -- poker table -- night . tanner 's chip stack have grow even more . and right now , he 's a get a fair pile in the middle . he have a five and six of club . on the flop we see a seven of heart , a eight of diamond , and a nine of spade . tanner flop the straight . he toss more chip in the pot , run everyone else off , but -- a gigantic , comanche man in he 5us . sunglass . the big man stare at the flop . look at tanner . tanner smile . the big man call he . 57 . fourth street : jack of diamond . tanner throw five hundred in the pot . tanner do not chase I , chief . I be already there . mirrore shade stare back . ' Chief 's do not sit well . he raise he 500 . tanner laugh and call . the dealer toss the river card : a five of diamond . tanner know he just get beat . so do the big man . big man I check to the chief . tanner 's eye run cold . he stare at the big man . the big man remove he glass : five century of hate stare back . tanner look like he might kill this man right here . in front of everyone . and the big man look ready for it . the dealer say possibly the worst thing he could at the absolute worst time : dealer Bet 's to you , sir . tanner ignore he . tanner you comanche ? the big man nod . tanner ( cont 'd ) lord of the Plains . big man lord of nothing now . beat . tanner I bet a thousand . beat . big man you can not beat I . tanner I know . 58 . big man what if I raise ? tanner smile a evil smile . tanner be careful . the big man know the raise be a apology . he also know if he raise , he will have to fight this lunatic for he life . big man I call . the dealer let a audible sigh of relief . dealer show you card , gentleman . the big man turn over he flush . tanner what 's the comanche word for warrior ? the big man smile . big man comanche . we be all warrior . tanner nod . stands . tanner I be a warrior too . big man hope you fare better than we do . tanner do okay so far . tanner grab he chip trays and rise . the big man put he sunglass back on . big man know what comanche mean ? it mean ' enemy forever 's . tanner enemy with who ? big man everyone . 59 . tanner take that in . tanner know what that make I ? big man a enemy . tanner no . tanner lean across the table , inch from the big man 's face . whisper like he 's tell he a secret . tanner ( cont 'd ) it make I a comanche . tanner look into the mirrore shade , he own reflection stare back . he rise and walk away . int . comanche red river casino -- bar -- night . the hooker sit next to Toby now , press she bare leg against he . he be not use to woman this attractive who be this aggressive . he teeter between wariness and fascination . hooker how old be he ? toby fourteen . hooker do he look like you ? toby I see he mama in he , everyone else see I ... I do not know . hooker he 's lucky if he do , I will say that . she lean into he , she lip against he ear . hooker ( cont 'd ) you stay in the hotel ? toby «+. yeah . she purr . 60 . hooker take I to you room . he look at she , know he 's be work . but it feel so good to have a woman next to he . it 's be so long . toby look , I be , thank you , but ... I be not here for I . as foolish as it sound , he say it anyway : toby ( cont 'd ) I be try to do something noble for once , and -- she put a finger to he lip , then let that finger run down he lip to he chest . hooker there 's no shame in need the touch of a woman . she put a hand to he cheek . hooker ( cont 'd ) you need it , I know you do . how long have it be ? ( she be inch from he mouth ) let I touch you -- something jerk she away . Toby look up to find : tanner have she by the arm . tanner tryin 's to work my little brother , be you ? as a astute judge of character , she know instantly what kind of man she be now deal with , and act accordingly : which be to say submissive and scared to death . hooker I be not do anything but -- tanner but but but . you spy that stack of chip and see a easy mark -- do not get I wrong , no one like a whore more than I do ( he pull she close ) , but that be my chip , you wanna try and steal from I ? she shake she head ' no '. 61 . toby she be not doin’ nothing . tanner stare into the eye of the terrify young woman . tanner gonna get he in a room and what , call you pimp and roll he ? drug he , what ? toby hey , come on -- hooker no , I -- tanner look around the empty bar , still grip the hooker 's arm . tanner where be he ? where 's the man that hold you leash ? no one in the bar fit the bill . the bartender watch they while pretend he be not . tanner ( cont 'd ) maybe we will just sample the goods real quick . tanner peal off a couple of hundred from he wad , work he hand up she dress , look she in the eye , while he run the money inside she underwear . Toby stand up . grab tanner 's arm and pull it back . toby let she go . tanner ( into she ear ) merry Christmas . she step back from both of they , turn , and haul ass . hooker you be fuck crazy . tanner call I ! ( whip around to Toby ) what be you do ? toby how the fuck have you stay out of prison for a year ?? 62. Big grin from tanner . tanner it 's be a challenge ( size up he brother ) let 's go change it back then ... fun 's all over now . toby not suppose to be fun . tanner well you be goddam makin 's sure of that . tanner walk off . Toby scan the bar , exhales , then reluctantly follow . int . comanche red river casino -- chip window -- night . they cash in they chip , now total twenty nine thousand dollar . window teller 2 you 'il need to fill out this tax form . over twenty thousand , you have the option of receive you money in a cashier 's check . toby I will take ten in cash . the rest in a check . window teller 2 you want that make out to you ? toby no. first Texas Bank . she place a check in the check printer , hit a button , and voila -- money launder . she hand the check and cash to Toby . toby ( cont 'd ) let 's go to the room . tanner ( 0.s. ) I think that 's one hell of a idea . Toby turn back and follow tanner 's gaze to the pretty hotel clerk -- now in street clothes -- smile at tanner , and walk toward he . CUT to : 63 . int . best western -- vernon , TEXAS -- night . Marcus wake to a terrible pain in he upper chest . he sit up . reaches for a bottle of tum on the night stand . grab a hand full . parker you okay ? marcus heart burn . I will be fine . Marcus rise , go to the sink . get a drink . the pain hit he . tries to shake it off . stare at himself , suffer in the mirror . ext . best western -- vernon , TEXAS -- night . Marcus , dress in he undershirt , jeans , and boot , step outside and walk toward the field behind the motel . he look out over the mesquite and cactus . the warm air help . or maybe its just the walk . he look up at the sky -- cloud and ten thousand star carpet the night . a owl hoot . fly over he . he watch the dark image move silently over he . Marcus walk toward a barb wire fence , rest against it . the warm air blow against he , push he like a tatter sail . Marcus look to the star as he lean into the wind and try to laugh off he suffer . marcus this be the thanks I get ? rotting from the inside out . after all I do for you ... he look out over the mesquite , who answer back in a angry whistle as the wind whip through they leave . CUT to : int . comanche red river casino -- HOTEL room -- night . Toby brushes he tooth as tanner lay in bed , the hotel clerk beside he , read lord of the plain . tanner Boy , you comanch be the real deal . ( more ) 64 . tanner ( cont 'd ) ( to Toby ) you wanna hear what they do to the people they take captive ? toby no . tanner damn right you do not . not a inch of mercy in they . ( to the girl ) you gonna show I any mercy , darlin’ ? clerk not a inch . toby you be right ... I be gonna go see my boy tomorrow . Toby climb into he bed and roll away from tanner and the clerk . tanner click off the lamp . the clerk climb on top of he . though she still wear she shirt , she be completely naked from the waist down . she press she pelvis into he as she kiss he deeply . clerk I be expect a lot from you . tanner press into she and she moan . tanner what do you call that ? Toby know there will be no sleep with this a bed over . he sit up , pull he jeans back on ... ext . comanche red river casino -- night . Toby walk through the parking lot , past semi 's and motor home , toward the edge of the prairie . from here , it extend out forever . he walk through the grass , look up at the same star Marcus ponder . look back at the casino , its harsh neon light violate the horizon . he turn back to the solace of the dark plain , and keep walk ... 65 . ext . best western -- vernon , TEXAS -- dawn . Marcus sit in a cheap lawn chair in front of the motel , watch the sun come up over the highway . a few truck blast by as he watch . the motel room door open . parker stand in boxer and a t shirt . parker what be you do ? Marcus talk without look back at he . marcus watch the sun rise . sitting on a porch . practice for my future . parker it 's a dangerous thing we do for a live . you be lucky to have see it through to the end . hope I be that lucky . marcus without I by you side , I doubt you will get close enough to a criminal to ever be in danger again . parker 's face cloud . parker just when I be stare to feel sorry for you . Marcus stand , and look at parker for the first time . marcus Indians be not suppose to feel sorry for cowboy . it 's the other way around . parker look into Marcus 's eye , red and swollen from cry . Marcus brushes past he and walk into the motel room . ext . used car lot -- lawton , oklahoma -- dawn . we stare at the engine of a red pontiac Grand be as it revs . Toby be beneath it with a flashlight , study . it be far too early for anything legal to be happen on a use car lot . 66 . toby put it in gear . we hear it kick into drive . Toby stand up . toby ( cont 'd ) sound good . let I give it a spin . tanner get out of the driver 's seat . Toby get in and drive the pontiac off . stand across from tanner be buster meade , 45 , use car salesman in every sense . buster we do this one the same ? tanner you get plate for it ? buster ai not get no more Texas plate . I get Arkansas , Kansas , New Mexico -- tanner New Mexico work . do not report this steal till Friday . buster Friday , okay . Toby pull back in . tanner how be it ? toby run good . do not like that it 's red . tanner he 's get New Mexico plate for it , though . Toby take that in . toby okay . tanner we be in business . 67 . buster walk off to start the paperwork . tanner go to the blazer , grab the duffel and the rifle case , and toss they in the Grand be . toby you okay meeting the guy from Chevron by yourself ? tanner you okay see Debbie by yourself ? toby I will manage . remember , this guy be not the enemy . tanner oh , the oil man 's the enemy , make no mistake , he just be not ours . toby I will be back to the ranch by dark . tanner I will be there . toby ( point at the Grand be ) arrest I red . you better drive like a school teacher . Toby climb in the blazer and drive off . CUT to : int . the t-bone cafe -- coleman , TEXAS -- day . Marcus and parker sit at a table . the ceiling be easily twenty foot high , old cedar beam criss crossing it , ceiling fan hang down , circulate hot air . through the large bay window , we see a first TEXAS bank . on the wall hang a plaque dedicated to the soldier from coleman who have fight and die for this country . so many name , one would think the whole town die for we freedom . parker what 's the plan ? marcus we be gonna watch that bank like a deer feeder ... 68. Marcus scan the restaurant , look out the front window and over the little square with almost no life in it . marcus ( cont 'd ) this little town fit they bill , base on the one they hit so far . get a bank and not much else . so we will just sit here and wait . in time we will be right . a waitress , she must be ninety year old , walk up . waitress ya will be a might early for lunch , be not you ? it 's not even eleven . marcus howdy mar ’am . how be you today ? she cast a mean glare at Marcus . waitress hot . and not the good kind . what do not you want ? marcus pardon ? waitress what do not you want ? marcus well , I be think I have just get the -- waitress I be work here forty - four year . only thing anyone 's ever order be the t- bone steak and a baked potato . ' cept some asshole from New York who try to order trout in 1987 . we do not sell no goddam trout . do not have nuthin but t-bone . so , you either do not want the corn on the cob , or you do not want the green bean , so what do not you want ? marcus I do not want green bean . she look at parker . 69 . parker I do not want green bean either . waitress steak cook medium rare . parker could I have mine -- waitress that be not a question . beat . waitress ( cont ’d ) tea for you boy to drink . parker tea 's great . marcus yes mar ’am . she storm off . marcus ( cont 'd ) tell you one thing . ai not no one robbing this son of a bitch ... my word . ext . debbie' house -- childress , TX -- day . debbie hanson , late 30' , quite the looker four kid ago , attempt to fold laundry while she 6 month old baby cry . she surrender to the scream and pick up the baby . debbie what ? what ? be you wet ? she check . debbie ( cont ’d ) nope ... you little gum hurt , that it ? the doorbell chime . she shake she head in amazement at the chaos of she life . she head to the door . open it . Toby stand there . anger wash over she face . debbie ( cont ’d ) if you do not have thirty five hundred dollar I be call the -- he hold up the cash . debbie ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? Toby look at the baby . toby who 's this ? debbie one of the few mistake in my life you be not responsible for . what do you want . Toby take a minute to digest this . toby it 's be that long since I have see you ? debbie what do you want . toby nothing . I have like to say hi to the boy if I could . she motion to the money . debbie do I want to know where that come from ? toby not if you want to keep it . she almost smile . debbie come on in . 70 . the place be modest on its very best day . but it be tidy . he do . debbie ( cont 'd ) put the money on the table and I 'il offer you a beer . toby mama die . 71 . she turn . debbie when. toby last week . debbie well , good riddance . no offense . guess you will be sell the ranch . toby it go to the boy . Debbie 's eye light a bit . debbie really ? toby it 's be put in a trust . debbie what 's that mean ? toby means you can not sell it . that eye turn dark . debbie great . something else I gotta take care of . around the corner come justin hanson , 14 , kind face of he father , wild eye of he uncle . built to play football . he round the corner . freezes when he see Toby . toby ( to Debbie ) give I two beer . ext . debbie' house -- back porch -- day . Toby and Justin sit on shitty lawn chair overlook a yard of weed . toby where 's you brother ? justin do not know . a friend 's house I guess . 72 . toby how come you be not at school ? justin do not start for a week . just two - a - day for football right now . beat . toby you should mow this lawn for you mama . justin ai not get a lawn mower . it be awkward . tense . might as well get to it . toby you grandmother die . beat . justin okay . toby I be give the ranch to you and you brother . you remember go out there when you be little ? justin yeah . what be I suppose to do with a ranch ? toby anything but sell it . Toby lean close to Justin . whisper in he ear . toby ( cont 'd ) we find oil on it . he let 's that sit . toby ( cont 'd ) you and Randy be not gonna have to worry about money no more . he look at he boy . toby ( cont 'd ) you be gonna hear a lot of thing about I ... and you uncle . ( more ) 73 . toby ( cont 'd ) do not be like we . be smart . look out for you brother . Justin nod . justin whatever I hear I will not believe . toby believe it . cuz I do all of it . now you do it different . do not let you mother have any say in the money you boy get . she get a decent heart , but she can not be trust where money 's concerned ... if I be not sit here with you on Friday , tell she everything I just say , okay ? justin okay . Toby look at Justin 's full beer . toby ai not gonna drink it ? it 's okay . justin you tell I not to be like you then you offer I a beer . which be it ? Toby smile . toby good boy . he put he hand on Justin 's shoulder . Justin let he . ext . hanson ranch house -- day . tanner sit on the front porch , twelve pack of Bud by he side . empty litter the ground around he , though he be not drunk . he 's be immune to beer for decade . across he lap be the ar 15 assault rifle . he have it mostly disassembled and be in the process of place three penny behind the fire pin , make a semiautomatic rifle a machine gun . he reassemble the rifle and set it by the scope 30- 06 . tanner pick up a rifle magazine and begin click round into it from a army box of easily a thousand round . 74 . on the table , we see another twenty rifle magazine , wait to be feed . as he load , he sing a old waylon jenning song : tanner long ago and far away . in my old common laborer 's shoe ... I turned the world all which a way , just because you asked I too ... he set the load magazine down , and pick up another , begin load , and sing the chorus : tanner ( cont 'd ) let the world call I a fool , but if thing ain't right ' tween I and you ... it 's all that matter and i'll do ... anything you ask I to . tanner spot the blazer drive up the dirt road . he walk out to meet it . Toby stop and get out . see the rifle propped beside he . tanner ( cont 'd ) how be you boy ? Toby point to the rifle . toby what be you do ? tanner insurance . if we can not get enough from the branch in jayton , we be gonna have to hit the one in Post . Post be a long way from home . the branch in childress , well , can not hit the branch there . for obvious reason . and if you do not want to hit the branch in coleman ... toby we can not go back to the casino in Oklahoma now . gotta head west , gotta be the one in New Mexico . Toby point to the rifle . toby ( cont 'd ) I do not want all that shit in the car and we damn sure do not need it . what if we get pull over ? 75 . tanner we be run two car on the next one , brother . they 's 1l ride with I . you head to the casino in riudoso and I will head north . they be look for two . no one rob a bank in separate car ... it 's smart , Toby . beat . toby it be . but I still do not like it . tanner it 's not to like , just to do . Toby point to the rifle . toby we be not bring they in the bank ... oil man come by ? tanner they be ready to go . when you pay that loan officer he 's gotta give you a form that show a release of lien or something . toby okay . tanner you fax it over , and you be do . toby we gotta go meet the lawyer . tanner downs he beer . tanner waitin 's on you . ext . rayburn law office -- seymour , TEXAS -- day . tanner and Toby sit across from billy rayburn , 40' , lawyer handsome , and wear the West Texas version of a suit : jeans , blazer , and boot . billy hand Toby a stack of papers . 76 . billy initial in the box , and sign at the bottom . there 's three copy , gotta do the same to each . toby and this make you the executor . billy it do . toby so no matter what they charge we with , they can not take it away . billy there 's no way to trace fund from a casino . once you get the check to the bank , the trust be untouchable . tanner and you can not tell nobody nuthin’ , right ? billy what 's to tell ? you boy win the money gambling , right ? tanner smile . billy ( cont 'd ) thirty two thousand pay off the reverse mortgage and that bastard pay the property tax from 2007 to now , that 's another eleven thousand . forty three thousand and you be free and clear . have the loan officer fax I the lien release and I 'il get it over to the lease manager at Chevron . he hand Toby a business card . billy ( cont 'd ) fax number 's on the card . toby okay . tanner how much you gonna make off this deal ? 77 . billy not near as much as I be risk . tanner then why do it ? he look at tanner . billy how long we know each other ? tanner since ... I do not know . always . billy --. it 's the insult of it . that ranch be worth a half million without the oil , but they loan the least they could get away with , just enough to keep you mama poor , on a guarantee return . think they could swipe that land from you boy and suck on that oil for twenty five thousand dollar . it 's just so arrogant it make my tooth hurt ... to watch you pay that bastard with they own money ... ( he laugh at the think ) if that be not Texan I do not know what be . Toby stand and offer he hand . toby thank you . billy they can foreclose on Friday . come hell or high water you be at the bank in childress before they close Thursday . and know they fucker , they 's 1l close early . toby we will be there . they rise to leave . billy Toby . the trust need to be manage by a bank ... you really wanna cover you track ? billy smile . 78 . ext . T bone cafe -- coleman , TEXAS -- day . the sun be set as Marcus and parker sit on a bench under a Texas Porch that run the length of the block . marcus all this little town . dying . what do you think 'il happen to ‘em ? parker this be you plan ? just sit here and see if this be the branch they rob next ... Marcus look over at he . marcus not much of a thinker , be you ? parker do you want to live here ? Old hardware store that charge twice what Home Depot do ? one restaurant with a rattlesnake for a waitress ? how be you suppose to make a live here ? marcus people make a live here for a hundred and fifty year . parker people live in cave for a hundred thousand year , but do not do it no more , and they be the better for it . beat . marcus maybe you people do . Marcus smile . parker you be people do too . Long time ago , you ancestor be the Indians and someone else come along and kill ‘em or break ‘em down and make you into one of they . a hundred and fifty year ago , all this be my ancestor 's land . everything you can see . ( more ) 79 . parker ( cont 'd ) everything you see yesterday . this be all comancheria . till the grandparent of all this folk take it . now it 's be take from they . except it be not no army do it . ( parker point at the bank ) it 's that son of a bitch , right there . Marcus study he partner . marcus and here I be think you be slow as a two - legge turtle . parker I may be . but that do not make it any less true . silence . marcus this boy should have hit this branch by now . parker then why be we still sit here ? marcus just cuz ... I like this little town . parker I know what you be do . you be tryin' to make this last as long as you can . cuz the longer it last the farther you be from you front porch ... that be not fair -- marcus to who ? the bank ? only thing we can do be wait for this boy to make a mistake , and so far they be not . so relax . enjoy this little town . from everything I see , it will die long before I do . they look out over the empty square , watch squirrel feast underneath the pecan tree in the empty town square as the sun dip below the horizon . CUT to : 80 . ext . hanson ranch house -- night . Toby and tanner sit on the porch , stare at the star as a pack of coyote whimper and yip somewhere in the distance . tanner think about tomorrow ? toby ai not you ? tanner shake he head . tanner that little hotel clerk . why 's it always the sweet one that 's such devil when you get ‘em revve up ? toby I do not know . never be with a sweet one . tanner laugh . tanner that 's right . you like ‘em piss off and look for someone they can blame it on . Toby smile . toby sure seem that way , do not it ? tanner this be a good thing you be do . you know that ? toby we be do it . tanner grin and wink . toby ( cont 'd ) go easy on the teller tomorrow , okay ? tanner I will be as gentle as young nurse . tanner stand up , stretch , and yawn . 81. tanner ( cont 'd ) wake I up at five . toby yep . tanner disappear inside . leave Toby alone . he sit back , he mind run all the possibility . how it can go right . how it can go wrong . CUT to : ext . T bone cafe -- coleman , TEXAS -- night . the cricket be chirp so loud , it echoe off the old , stone building . it do not appear Marcus have move in hour , still stare out over the square . across the way , parker be carry he suitcase into a motel . Marcus take out he can of Copenhagen , pack it , and place a pinch in he cheek . ready for a long night of reflection . int . hanson ranch house -- kitchen -- night . the wall clock say ten after five in the morning . Toby sit , dress like a gang banger , pistol and three magazine for it on the table . he sip coffee as tanner walk in dress the same . tanner I will never understand how that gang banger can walk around with they pants like this , dangle off they ass . no wonder they always get catch when they run from the police . Toby slide he a cup of coffee . tanner sit . they drink they coffee in silence . toby want some breakfast ? tanner think that one over . tanner yeah . Breakfast sound good . Toby stand and head to the fridge . pull out bacon and a carton of egg . cross over to the stove . tanner watch he brother as he cook . 82 . tanner ( cont 'd ) do you do this for mama ? toby every morning . she do not eat much the last month . tanner do you use to cook breakfast for you boy ? Toby stop . toby yeah ... be a long time , though . tanner sit back in he chair , like a child , patiently wait for he meal . tanner you do the bacon first , then the egg in the grease , right ? toby yep . that 's the way . tanner watch he brother and sip he coffee as the bacon begin to sizzle . CUT to : ext . TEXAS highway -- dawn . two car move toward we . the blazer and the Grand be . headlights on , though morning be break . they come closer . closer ... ext . T bone cafe -- coleman , TEXAS -- day . parker stand over we , look down at something , shaking he head in disbelief at -- Marcus , asleep on the bench , chin to he chest . parker for someone who do not want to spend he day sittin’ on he porch , you sure do not mind loung on everybody else 's . 83 . Marcus stir . look up at parker who hand he coffee ina styrofoam cup .. marcus just ... do not see the point in walk all the way to the motel just to walk back here in the morning . parker who 's not much of a thinker now ? parker sit beside he . parker ( cont 'd ) Restaurant do not open for another hour . and the two man begin they day where the last one end , stare at the empty square . ext . first TEXAS bank -- jayton , TEXAS -- day . Toby and tanner stand in front of the bank , ski mask on . they do not move . just stare straight ahead . we look over they shoulder and see why : the jayton branch be close . Doors wrap in chain and lock . window cover with large plywood board . toby shit . tanner we gotta hit the branch in Post . toby we will not get there till after ten . tanner we do not get a choice . gotta have that money to the branch in childress before they close tomorrow . Toby shake he head as he pull off he mask . toby we do not know Post . do not know the pattern of the folk out there . 84 . tanner pattern 's the same as it be everywhere . all this town be dead . Post be not no different . let 's go . they turn and walk out of frame , leave we to stare at the close bank in a close town . int . T bone 's cafe -- day . Marcus and parker sit sip coffee , look over a map of Texas . marcus first two bank be first Texas branch . there 's seven total : main branch in Fort Worth , and they be not mess with that . the branch in olney they hit , the one in archer City they hit , the one here , the one in childress , jayton -- parker that one 's close . marcus okay . that leave the branch in Post . childress be a decent size town , I do not think they 's 11 mess with that . parker the branch in Vernon be not first Texas and they hit that . marcus one of ‘em do . alone . and then run all the way across the square to get back to the car . I think he partner have no idea that be gonna happen . parker what do that mean to we ? marcus it mean the only other first Texas branch that fit the bill be in post. 85 . parker there 's plenty of little bank in other town -- marcus and they have have rob ‘em by now if they be interested in other bank , but they be not . they be after first Texas 's money and that 's the only place they can get it that make any sense . parker it 's three hour away . if you wanna head that way we should get on the road . they both stand , Marcus toss a twenty on the table . marcus let 's get some trooper move in that direction ... I be feelin 's lucky . they move off toward the door , push it open , and flooding the restaurant with the blind Texas sun . ext . state highway 308 -- day . the blazer and Grand be drive through the rag land below the cap rock : a geological marvel where the great plain plummet four hundred foot along a fault line , create a cliff that dissect West Texas . on one side of the road be a endless wall of red dirt . on the other : land so break it look as though God stab it repeatedly with two giant shovel , punish it for some unknown offense . the car breeze by we , the cap rock wall tower beside they . ext . highway 308 -- outside post , TEXAS -- day . both vehicle pull off the road . Toby get out of the blazer and jog to the Grand be . he get in . the pontiac pull back on the road , past a sign that read : post - 3 mile . 86 . ext . MAIN STREET -- post , TEXAS -- day . there be actual sign of life here . a few car in front of the grocery store . pick up truck in front of the diner . Cars and truck at the gas station . the first TEXAS bank sign loom in the distance . int . grand am -- cont . toby this town look busy . tanner Little bit . look at the bank though . not a car in front of it . toby we do this quick . tanner gotta take the hundred this time . toby make sure they fan ‘em out in front of you . if a ink pack get in the bag , that money 's useless . tanner yep . they park in front of the bank . no other car around . we watch from a distance as they get out and hurry inside , pull on they mask . we dolly down a side street , now look at the bank 's red wall . we continue until we be look at first Texas Bank 's parking lot . which be full . int . first TEXAS bank -- post , TEXAS -- cont . we stare at Toby and tanner who stand freeze . we see what they see -- two dozen people stare at they . frozen as well . no one move . no one know what to do . then it all happen in a blur . tanner get on the fucking ground !!! everybody . 87. tanner raise he pistol , point it frantically at everyone . all the people hit the deck . Toby be cement to the place where he stand . tanner jump the counter , press he gun hard to the face of the teller . tanner ( cont 'd ) open the drawer ! every teller open they drawer and take three step back . tanner spot he brother not move . tanner ( cont 'd ) hey !!!! Toby snap to , and cover the customer who be sit and lay on the bank floor . tanner begin grab the money himself from the teller drawer . tanner ( cont 'd ) all of ya ’1ll on you fuck knee . now . all the teller drop to they knee . angle on : a girl , in she twenty , lay on the floor , discreetly send a text on she phone . it read : they R robbing the bank tanner be frantically scraping money from the drawer , one after the other , when a old security guard come around the corner , he pistol raise . he cock the hammer -- tanner spin and fire round after round into he . he fall back as everyone scream . another man stand and pull a pistol from he boot , fire at Toby and miss . Toby turn and fire while he duck . they be not thirty foot from each other , but the twist and ducking be send bullet into the wall , the ceiling , everywhere but they intend target . 88 . tanner take aim and place a round in the side of the man 's head , drop he to a heap on the floor , like a jacket fall from a coat rack . tanner leap over counter . tanner ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! ext . first TEXAS bank -- post , TEXAS -- cont . Toby and tanner push through the door and be meet by a hail of gunfire . the window behind they shatter as they fire back and duck behind the Grand be , which be take a beat . toby I didn't see any police ! tanner it ain 't . it 's the whole fucking town shootin 's at US ! sure enough , across the road , hide behind pickup , be local with deer rifle , shotgun , whatever be in the gun rack when they hear shoot inside the bank . tanner unlock the passenger door , lay against the seat , and stick the key in the ignition . cranks it to life . fold the seat forward . tanner ( cont 'd ) get in . Toby dive in as the window of the pontiac shatter . tanner lay on the passenger seat , slam the car in reverse and use he hand to press the gas pedal to the floor , he foot still hang out the open door . the car race backwards as gunfire pulverize the vehicle . when the pontiac be at a somewhat safer distance , we see foot disappear , the passenger door close , and the Grand be be spun angrily around and slam into drive , haul ass down the street . local climb in they truck to give chase . int . grand am -- cont . Toby be panic . can not catch he breath . he 's hyperventilate . tanner be as calm as he be at the poker table . 89 . tanner man , that conceal carry permit sure complicate a bank robbery , do not they ? toby what be we gonna do ?? tanner hey . we be not out of this , and I need you focus . believe I when I say : this be where the rubber meet the road , little brother . toby how be we gonna get away from this ? you kill two people . at least . tanner and let I tell you something , we be not through with that yet . you want to be anything but a black mark on you son then I need you mountain lion mean , you understand I ? tanner look in the rearview mirror and see a half dozen pick up and sedan come up behind he . tanner ( cont 'd ) hold on . tanner slam on the brake . the Grand be 's tire smoke and scream as the car come to a stop in the middle of the road . ext . grand am -- hwy 308 -- cont . tanner walk to the trunk , unlock it , take out the ar 15 , and walk down the center of the highway toward the oncoming vehicle . he raise the rifle to he shoulder and spray the vehicle with thirty bullet in less than a second . all the vehicle slam to a stop as bullet pound into they windshield , they hood , they grill . the vehicle be instantly in reverse and beat a hasty retreat as tanner drop the empty magazine , slam home another , and pepper the flee vehicle again . he turn and get back in the pontiac . the door close and the pontiac speed away . ext . hwy 308 -- day . the pontiac pull along side the blazer . Toby open and get out . tanner needless to say , do not take the highway back through Post . head south . South , then west , get it ? toby we be do . tanner look over at he . tanner no we be not . get to the casino and change the money . head north through New Mexico to the interstate . you take 287 back to childress . like we plan . like you plan . this be you plan , and it 's work every step of the way . trust it . toby where be you head ? tanner just smile . toby ( cont 'd ) do not be stupid . you get the fuck out of here too . 90 . the door Toby head to the blazer , unlock the door , cram the money under the seat , take off he baggy jeans and baggy jacket , revealing wrangler and a sweat drench t shirt . tanner Hand that to I . he hand the baggy clothes to he brother . tanner toss they in the back seat . Toby climb in the blazer . toby call I when you make it back to the ranch . tanner hey ... I love you ... I mean that , toby. 91 . Toby stare at he brother , shocked by the word . toby I love you too . tanner wink and drive away . int . grand am -- day . tanner smoke a cigarette , a soulless country - rock song blaring . he shut the radio off . tanner can not nobody write a country song worth a shit no more . he begin sing one himself -- a very old tex ritter song . tanner ( cont 'd ) as I walked out one bright sunny mornin 's I spie a young cowboy a lopin ' along , he happy shell back , he spur a be a jinglin 's , and as he come near I he be singin 's this song ... in the distance , three TEXAS department of public safety vehicle , light flash , be move toward he . Far to the leave , a dirt road that wind up a shrub oak cover hill to a large , lone , oak tree that lord over the canyon and arroyos . tanner ( cont 'd ) yippee hiyiyo , get a long you little doggies , it 's you misfortune and none of my own , yippee hiyiyo get along , get along , for you know wyoming will be you new home ... as the cruiser approach , so do the dirt road . tanner yank the wheel , cut in front of the cruiser , busting through a barb wire fence and spew a rooster tail of dust as he drive up the hill . the police cruiser give chase . in the distance , two more be come , head by Marcus 's unmark Crown Victoria . tanner reach the top of the hill , turn the car to face the cruiser who be beginning to wind up the dirt road to he . 92 . he pop the trunk , pull out a satchel of rifle magazine , he deer rifle , and a five gallon gas tank . he unscrew the top , cram the ski mask in the open , and light it on fire . he place it in the passenger seat of the pontiac and put the car in gear . the pontiac begin move toward the cruiser head up the road , it pick up speed , on a certain collision course with they . the cruiser stop , and begin back down the hill . the pontiac be catch up , and it be now that tanner open fire . he pound the cruiser with gunfire . the pontiac be ten foot from they when the gas can explode . the red fireball of metal slam into the retreate vehicle , knock two of they into the arroyo that run alongside the road . tanner nod at he achievement , grab he rifle , and crouch down , disappear into the brush . Marcus 's vehicle pull up with the two cruiser . they get out and take in the chaos play out above they . marcus my word . we need a s.w.a.t. unit up here and a chopper to pen this boy down . parker dial he cell . Marcus look up the hill . his eye be alive . at last : a real fight . trooper be run , zigzagge down the hill , motion with they hand for everyone to get down . over the burn vehicle one trooper yell . trooper he 's get a rifle ! get down ! we hear the crack of tanner 's deer rifle in the distance . Marcus duck behind a cruiser . marcus this old boy 's out of he mind . why do not you slip up this canyon and tomahawk that son of a bitch . 93 . Marcus turn back to parker , who be laid out on the pavement , a bullet hole under he leave eye . Marcus move quickly to he , pull he behind they vehicle . when he do he see that the entire back of parker 's head be go . he let go of he arm and sit there , look over he friend , all the excitement of the chase now go . Marcus hear truck approach , he turn and see : townspeople approach . Marcus run toward the oncoming vehicle , when they slow to a stop he hide behind the passenger side of the truck in front . marcus ( cont 'd ) back this truck up behind that hill , he 's get a rifle up there . local we know it , that bastard shot up half the town . Marcus take in the irate cowboy and the deer rifle beside he . the man put he truck in reverse , Marcus walk beside the truck as he back up . marcus how well do you know the land around here ? local like the back of my hand . marcus he 's hide up under a old oak in the brush on that hill . can I get around behind he ? local give I half a hour , and I '1l have that bastard field dress on the hood of my truck . marcus can not let you do it . get I there . local it 's gonna be a five hundred yard shot if he 's where you say . Marcus open the passenger door , with determination in he old face . 94 . marcus get I there . i’1l do the rest . Marcus climb in and the truck drive off as trooper run up , motion the other vehicle to go back to town . angle on : tanner light a cigarette and watch the madness through the scope of he rifle . tanner the whole town come out for the show . what do you think of that ... CUT to : int . chevy blazer -- day . Toby drive as police cruiser after cruiser whip by in the opposite direction . Toby come around a bend in the road and see : four sheriff' deputy vehicle block the road . toby shit . he slow and stop at the road block . a deputy approach Toby 's window . deputy where you head ? toby riudoso . deputy ... where you from ? toby hamlin . deputy take the scenic route , huh . toby take the only way I can . they get the road close through Post . Hell , everywhere you turn the road 's close . the deputy look through the back window . 95 . deputy 2 get yer license on you ? toby I do . deputy 2 let I see it . Toby hand it over and the deputy call it in . Toby sit for what seem like a eternity , try to act bored or innocent or anything but what he be . the deputy walk back to the blazer and hand he the license . deputy 2 ( cont ’d ) have a good day . toby yep . you too . Toby put it in drive and pull past they . ext . oak tree -- day . tanner look through he scope , with just the odd cowboy hat peer out from behind vehicle . tanner look bored . tanner this be not much of a gun fight . tanner consider pull the trigger when one trooper race through the open from one vehicle to another . tanner ( cont 'd ) gonna have to come after I at some point . in the distance he see more police vehicle approach and what look to be a s.w.a.t. van . tanner ( cont 'd ) now we be talk . tanner reach for a cigarette . tanner ( cont 'd ) I think I get time for one more . he place a cigarette in he mouth . flick he lighter . ext . ridge line -- cont . 96 . we watch the lone tree through a rifle scope and hear the labor breathe of a man far too old to crest hill like the one he just climb . local ( 0.s. ) you be pretty wind , you oughta let I take the shot . Hell , it 's my gun . marcus ( 0.s. ) no. we see they now , on the edge of a ridge almost half a mile from the tree . Marcus lay on he belly look through the rifle scope , the local beside he , look through binocular . marcus ( cont ’d ) he 's mine . local I do not see he yet . marcus I neither . he will show himself soon enough . they sit , watch . a small plume of cigarette smoke rise near a bush . they both hone in on it . marcus ( cont 'd ) I get he . local I too . we look through the scope . we see the back of tanner 's head . marcus ( 0.s. ) I get you ... ( to the local ) how low be this rifle gonna shoot at this distance ? local ( 0.s. ) she 's dead on at three hundred . hold ten inch above he and you will split he skull . the scope 's cross hair move above tanner 's head ... marcus ( 0.s . ) look at you . sitting right on the devil 's doorstep . 97 . angle on : tanner draw on he smoke , relishing it . look down on the scamper police below he . tanner wo not be long now . tanner nod with satisfaction . tanner ( cont 'd ) Lord of the plain . he take a drag . tanner ( cont 'd ) that 's I . he exhales . a strange feel come over he . he sense something ... we look through the scope . we see tanner turn he face toward we -- cross hair just above he head -- look right into the lens . the trigger be pull . we hear the rifle roar . see the muzzle flash through the scope . tanner 's face drop to the dirt . lifeless . int . indian casino -- riudosa , new mexico -- night . Toby stand at the check in counter , exhaust . the clerk peck in a computer . clerk just one of you ? toby yeah . clerk how many night ... Sir ? toby I be sorry , what ? clerk how many night ? toby one. 98 . int . toby 's room -- indian casino -- riudosa -- night . Toby stare at the ceiling , chip trays stack full on the night stand . he look at he cell phone . nothing . he 's be resisting this . once he know , there 's no more hope . but he must know . can not put it off any longer . he turn on the tv . a tv reporter stand in the city square of Post , a flurry of activity behind she . reporter ... when the townspeople of Post confront the robber , a shoot out reminiscent of the old west break out right here , in the city square . the local chase the robber out of town , but not before three of they own be kill inside the bank and on this city street . and like a story from a dime store novel , both member of the Texas highway patrol and local chase the robber to a hillside twenty mile east of town where the gunfight continue . Three highway patrolmen be injure , two critically , and one Texas Ranger be kill before Ranger Marcus Hamilton kill one of the gunman with a rifle he borrow from a resident of this rugge little town . news anchor what information do we have on the bank robber that be kill ? reporter his name be tanner Joseph hanson , from hamlin , Texas . he be convict of a armed robbery back in 1997 , and serve twelve year of a eighteen year sentence . news anchor any word on he accomplice ? reporter no word yet . official speculate he be hide somewhere in the canyon that surround this area . ( more ) 99 . reporter ( cont 'd ) they will continue the search through the night and be warning resident that he be armed and extremely dangerous . but as of yet , nothing be know about the accomplice and official be hope that someone will come forward and give they information that will lead to identify who the other part of this duo that have cause so much havoc over the past few day . news anchor thank you , kate . wow . what a shocking story come out of West Texas . in other news -- Toby shut it off . returns to stare at the ceiling , expect it to fall on top of he . tear build in he eye and run back to the mattress below he . CUT to : int . first TEXAS bank -- childress , TEXAS -- day . Toby , shower and decently dress , sit across from the loan officer who look at the two check from the casinos . beat . loan officer ( dry as a bone ) lucky guy . toby mmhmm . loan officer just in the nick of time too ... what be the odd . toby not great . he punch some number on he computer . loan officer this satisfy both the reverse mortgage loan and the back tax that we pay on you mother 's behalf . we do that as a courtesy . toby I be sure . 100 . Toby hand billy 's business card to the loan officer . toby ( cont 'd ) you can fax the release of lien to this number . loan officer ( look over the card ) a attorney . toby yeah . the loan officer nod . loan officer you be aware that you can sell mineral rights separate from the surface rights of a property . toby that a fact . loan officer yeah . the odd there be actually mineral to extract be , well , it 's highly unlikely , but I can check and see what value the rights have and -- toby Long odd be work pretty good so far . the release of lien , that 's all I want . loan officer I will get that fax over to you attorney by the end of the week . the loan officer smile . Toby do not . beat . beat . toby it be the end of the week . I want to watch you do it . loan officer it take a little time to prepare . toby I get all day . 101 . loan officer very well . let I get it print up . the loan officer hit a button and the printer spit out the document . loan officer ( cont ’d ) if I can just get you to sign here . Toby look over the paper , read every word . loan officer ( cont ’d ) it 's all pretty standard -- Toby 's eye burn into he . he sit back . Toby read it line for line . toby do not take that long , now , do it ? say here you will mail the deed within seven day . loan officer that 's right , that go to you attorney as well , correct ? toby yeah . Toby sign the paper and hand it back . toby ( cont 'd ) fax it . the loan officer place it in the fax , enter the number from the card . the fax chirp and whine and pull the paper through . loan officer that 's it . the loan officer stand . offer he hand . loan officer ( cont ’d ) pleasure do business with you . toby yes . be not it ? Toby turn to leave , then stop . turn back . a evil gleam in he eye . 102 . toby ( cont 'd ) let I ask you a question . do y’all manage trust ? ext . marcus hamilton 's house -- abilene , TEXAS -— day . it 's a month or so later . Marcus sit on he porch . look out over he yard to the street . there 's traffic , there 's people walk along the sidewalk . if anyone 's wonder where all the people from the little town go ... they all come here . a neighbor walk by push a stroller . she wave at Marcus . neighbor think the summer would never end . marcus be a hot one . neighbor do not know what we do to deserve it , but I would say we have pay we penance . neighbor ( cont 'd ) we will see . not sure if the good Lord 's do with we yet . she wander on down the street . a car horn honk . a dog bark . a siren in the distance . there be no peace in this place . Marcus find solace in the newspaper . flip to the sport page . barney ( 0.s. ) you be break in that rock chair , I see . Marcus look up , though he do not want to . find barney cumberland , near 80 , and happily settle into a life of no purpose . marcus yep . barney go over to the legion tonight , there 's supper and a decent card game . wanna come along ? 103 . that sound like hell . marcus I be not a veteran . barney you will come as my guest . marcus I appreciate it barney , but I be not much of a card player . barney laugh . barney you will be . barney head back toward he house . barney ( cont 'd ) ( look back ) what else you gonna do ? Marcus try to focus on the paper , but the truth of barney 's statement linger . it 's too much . he toss the paper down and head in the house . int . marcus 's house -- live room -- cont . he look around -- thirty year old furniture in like new condition . can not decide where to go . decide on he recliner , go to it and sit . he recline it back . click on the tv. espn . the dull hum of football rise from it . he close he eye and lean back . it 's not work . he can not do this one more minute ... int . TEXAS ranger office -- abilene , TX -- day . Marcus walk in , past a secretary . secretary afternoon , Marcus . marcus hello , Margaret . a ranger walk up to he . ranger that do not take long . 104 . marcus oh , just ... you know . ranger not yet , but I will . want some coffee ? marcus sure . think I could take a peak at tanner hanson 's file ? ranger how come ? Marcus smile . marcus nothing better to do . ranger it 's in my office . they walk toward a office just off the main foyer . the Ranger hand Marcus the file as they both sit down . Marcus flip through it . ranger ( cont 'd ) get tanner 's juvenile record unseal . what a piece of work that boy be . Marcus read it over . marcus kill he father in a hunt accident ? ranger I have love to know what he be hunt in the barn . in April . Marcus continue read . marcus his brother check out ? ranger I do not know about that , but there 's nothing that tie he to the robbery . marcus what about that little waitress in Vernon ? 105 . ranger we show she a picture , say she never see he ... pretty upset you take she tip as evidence . marcus that fat girl sure be sassy . Marcus hold up tanner 's file photo and a blow up picture of Toby 's dmv photo -- marcus ( cont 'd ) you show this to that old timer ? ranger yep . we show he Toby 's dmv photo and he say it do not look like the fella from the diner . marcus Old timer say they look like brother . ranger well , he 's ninety year old , he do not recognize tanner 's photo either . Marcus sip he coffee as he continue through the file . hold up a request for warrant form . ranger ( cont 'd ) yeah , I ask for a warrant on he bank account and the ranch , da would not do it . Toby 's get no record , never be arrest . only court appearance he ever make be at he divorce . Marcus continue read . marcus he own this ranch ? ranger be he mama . now it 's in a trust for he kid , she die a month ago . Marcus raise a eyebrow . marcus just before all this start ... and the ranch be in a trust . 106 . ranger mmhmm . marcus ya will go out there ? ranger oh yeah . you wanna know the first thing I notice ? two drilling crew from Chevron capping well and put in pump jack ... the engineer out there say they could pull 2000 barrel a month off that place . know how rich that 'il make that kid ? marcus then why be tanner run around robbing bank , if they be so flush ? ranger I do not know , whole thing stink to I . but you try convincing a judge to issue warrant on somebody set to clear fifty thousand a month for steal forty thousand from the bank that manage the trust on the property . Marcus raise the other eyebrow . marcus first Texas manage the trust ? ranger they be not the executor , but they hold the money . oh , it 's one rotten fish , but damned if I can figure it . and you can bet you ass first Texas be not press it over forty thousand dollar . Lord know what they stand to make . the Ranger see the wheel turn in Marcus 's head . ranger ( cont 'd ) Marcus , if you want to come up here and dig through file , ask question , that 's fine . there 's always coffee in the pot for you , but you can not go out there , okay ? Marcus stare at the dmv photo of toby. 107 . ranger ( cont 'd ) Marcus ... you be retire . marcus I hear you . ranger okay . off the Ranger , not quite believe he . CUT to : ext . hanson ranch house -- day . Toby look at a depression dig under a barb wire fence that lead to a small garden that have be destroy . Toby walk to a old pickup and grab a lever action rifle from the gun rack . he rack a round . climb over the fence and follow pig track that lead from he garden to the mesquite thicket just beyond . he follow . he walk a deer trail through the thicket , follow the pig track . he slow , creep along the trail . it bend to the right . he creep along the trail , then notice something move off to he right , along the dirt road that lead to the house . he duck . look , and start creep back toward the house . marcus walk the road up to the house . he look up at it . it 's halfway through a new paint job , paint can and roller rest beside the porch . Toby step quietly from the mesquite , come up behind Marcus . Marcus turn to he . marcus Painting the house I see ... know who I be ? Toby step closer , the rifle cradle in he arm . Marcus smile . marcus ( cont 'd ) I be the man who kill you brother . beat . toby I know it . I also know you be retire . and you be trespasp . marcus you could shoot I now and be within you rights . and you totin’ a gun . how convenient . toby I imagine you have get one too . Marcus smile . Toby stand there , wait patiently whatever Marcus come here to do . or say . Marcus have the edge of the porch . marcus you mind if I sit ? Toby almost smile . toby feel free . Toby walk to the porch sit in he chair . toby ( cont 'd ) you want a beer ? Marcus think about that . marcus sure . I be not on duty no more . 108 . for a seat on Toby grab two from a small cooler and toss he one . marcus ( cont 'd ) Nice out here with the breeze , now that it 's cool down . Texas be hell till September come , be not it ? toby it can be . silence . marcus how have you do it -- never mind , I 'o 1l figure that in time ... why have you do it ? toby do what ? marcus I know why tanner do it . he rob that bank cuz he like it . he shot my partner three hundred yard away cuz he like it . make he feel good . and if I have not blow he shit-for-brains out , there have be a brand new truck park out front and four wheeler and anything else he could think to buy . he have spend it all just to have a excuse to steal some more . but not you ... Painting this old house yourself . driving that beat up truck . nothing new I can see , ' cept that pump jack and each of ‘em pay you a week what you and you brother steal from all four bank combine . 109 . Marcus sip from he beer . Toby shift the muzzle of he rifle discreetly in Marcus 's direction . marcus ( cont 'd ) help I understand that ... help I understand why four people die so you could steal money it do not seem you have spend . that it do not seem you need . Toby look at Marcus , and he grin that beg for a fight . beat . toby you get a family ? marcus my partner have a family . a big one . they do not have no pump jack in they back yard . they be gonna have to stretch a pension among the six of they . toby I do not kill you friend . marcus yes you do . by set this thing in motion . you expect I to believe you dim - witted brother plan all this ? we have see how he operate on he own . no , this be smart . this be you . 110 . beat . Toby look over at a pump jack , undulate up and down , draw money from the earth with every revolution . toby I be poor my whole life . so be my parent , and they parent before ‘em ... like a disease , pass from generation to generation . and that 's what it become , a sickness ... infecting every person you know ... but not my boy . not anymore . this be theirs now . ai not no advice you can give a child this day . no lesson . no love . nothing that can guarantee they have a chance at life , but money . I hate that the world 's come to this , but it have . and I dare you to look I in the eye and tell I different ... I never kill anyone in my life , but if you want I to start with you , let 's get on with it , old man . see if you can get that pistol from you boot before I blast you off this porch . they hold each other 's gaze , no surrender in either man 's eye , but no anger either , just the grim acceptance that it have to be this way . a older Ford expedition bounce up the dirt road and stop in front of the house . Justin , Debbie , and randy , 11 , step out , book bag over the boy 's shoulder . Debbie spot the gun in Toby 's lap . debbie what 's go on ? toby that pig be back in the garden . ( to Marcus ) feral hog be tear up this place somethin’ fierce . debbie who 's this ? marcus I be a old friend of you husband . Debbie recognize Marcus instantly , but this be not she first rodeo with play dumb . 111 . debbie ex husband . toby I be just here work on the house . marcus you do not live here ? toby it 's not mine . it 's theirs . Marcus look at the boy . then at Debbie . stoic expression , give away nothing ... they all know . he can tell . have to laugh . marcus thing you do for you kid , huh ? Marcus rise . marcus ( cont 'd ) well , I would best be go . Toby stand as well . toby I too . ( to Debbie ) I x11 be back over around nine tomorrow , try and finish the front . she nod . Toby look at Marcus . toby ( cont 'd ) you know , I be rent a little house in town . if you wanna come by and finish we conversation ... you be welcome anytime . a dare ... a threat ... Marcus look back at he . marcus I ' 1l do that . I have not figure this whole thing out yet ... but I will . Marcus look over at the boy . Studies they . marcus ( cont 'd ) you as smart as you daddy ? 112 . randy I never think of daddy as all that sharp . Marcus laugh . leans down to the boy . marcus Don ou underestimate he . 'ty d timate hi he look back at Toby . marcus ( cont 'd ) I will be see you . toby soon , I hope . I be ready to be do with this . marcus you 'il never be do with it . no matter what . that 's the price . it 's gonna haunt you , son . for the rest of you day . Marcus look up to the sky , let the autumn sun bathe he face . marcus ( cont ’d ) but you will not be alone . it 's gonna haunt I too . toby when you come by , maybe I will give you peace . Marcus smile . marcus maybe . maybe I 'il give it to you . toby I would like that ... till that day . Marcus look at this sad , simple man , and smile . tip he hat , turn and walk up the dirt road . the camera rise and look down on they . the house 's gray , fade shingles and Marcus 's silver hat stand out from the red dirt that surround they . the end . 113.