hellraiser ii : hellbound screenplay by Peter Atkins original Story by clive barker 2nd . draft November 1 , 1987 fade in : 1 title the screen be compose of large , straight - edge area of black and white that rest against each other in a manner that suggest some kind of pattern , without make a final sense ; it be as if we be too close to something that , could we see it froma distance , would be clear to we . this area shift and change - both they own shape and they relationship to they neighbor . New pattern be be make , new solution find - but they be just beyond we comprehension . the effect should be aesthetically pleasing but simultaneously frustrating and , perhaps , a little unsettle . shortly into this sequence , and subsequently inter - cut throughout , we begin to see , in flashback , the story of hellraiser . arrive first as very short shock -image , this brief section eventually convey to the audience all the necessary emotional and narrative information they will need to understand the background to hellbound . meanwhile , the black and white shape be still move , the unseen pattern still shifting . over this constantly mobile background , the title begin to appear . as the title unroll , another change come over the puzzle piece behind they . where before they move and related only in two dimension , gradually we see that they be now claim depth as well . the puzzle we be look at be now a three - dimensional one . the piece be now solid block of various geometric shape , lock together , move apart , find they final position . finally , as the title come to they conclusion , the camera pull back until we can see clearly what we have be look at . as the final piece click into position we see it be the lament configuration from hellraiser . the close box rest before we eye a moment and then the circle in the centre of the side that face we give way to a image of a dusty street with a market . simultaneous to this , the camera track into this image until it fill the screen 2 ext a STREET bazaar day the track continue up through the market and then turn through the stall to find a store behind they . as we track through the store 's doorway , we pass through a bead curtain that momentarily remind we of the torture room in hellraiser . 3 int . store day once we be in the store itself , though , this impression disappear . it be a ordinary , slightly seedy , junk shop . the stall seem to sell a odd mixture of item ; native trinket share space with second -hand item from european colonist . this second -hand goods give we some sense of period . they suggest the late ' twenty / early ' thirty . this be reinforce by the sound come from one of they , a old - fashioned mahogany - case wireless . a foreign voice speak from it in a language we do not understand , though perhaps the word " BBC world service " be discern in the middle , and then a dance -hall tune of the period begin to play . ( depend on availability , it would be nice to have something relevant - ' I will follow my secret heart ' , perhaps , or " Dancing in the Dark ' . ) into shot come a english officer . his uniform , too , suggest the 'twenty , the last day of Empire . he be tall , thin , and dark - haire , but at no stage do we see he face clearly . he stand in front of the stall . the trader suddenly stand behind the counter . he have be crouch beneath it , as if check or prepare something . he be a big , impressive - look black man . his face be totally impassive as he stare at he customer . neither of the man speak . obviously , a deal have already be strike and today be the pay-off . the officer , a little arrogantly - suggest racist contempt , slap down a bag of gold on the stall 's counter . keeping he eye firmly on the officer , he reach beneath he and bring something up from under the counter and place it in the officer be outstretch hand . he be hold a lament configuration . the officer turn and leave . the camera track out of the store , look at the trader as he watch the depart officer . 4 int the officer's quansett hut day it be typical of temporary military quarter , complete with a curve ceiling of corrugate material . it be stripped of furniture . the blind be down . the officer , still in uniform , sit cross -legge , the BOX hold before he . he be already well into the solving process and very soon after the shot begin the BOX begin to speed its own solution . finally , two section of the BOX shoot upwards and begin to peel apart from each other , ready to reveal its secret . the officer , suddenly nervous , drop the BOX and scuttle back across the floor to stare at it . the BOX land upright , its extend part still open above it . for a beat of two , nothing happen . we become aware of the officer be pulse , throbbing excitedly on the soundtrack . 5 int the officer's quansett hut day officer be p.o.v . slowly we , the camera , and the officer , move towards the still , silent , but menace BOX . we approach it until finally we be above it , look down into the open it have make in itself . there be undefine movement inside . suddenly , something fly up directly at we . we glimpse it only briefly , but enough to see its nature . unlike the hook that flaw at frank in hellraiser , this be more organic than metallic . pink and flesh - like but on a long gray - blue stalk , it fly upward , its lip peel apart gapingly to reveal score of yellow , discoloure , and viciously sharp tooth - like hook . the officer scream and the screen begin to take on a red tint so that , just as the thing be about to fill the screen with its hungry mouth , the entire screen turn red . the red screen be hold for a second and then suddenly become complete blackness . 6 int black space the black screen continue and , rise slowly from it and fall back slowly into it , in a dream -like , surrealistic manner , come various image of the officer be torment / pleasure in Hell . by various camera trick , such as step - printing or optical blur , he face be still not clearly see , but be see enough for we to see he sensual , almost orgasmic response to what be be do to he . cut appear spontaneously across he face , leave a grid like crisscross pattern of wound . finally , a disembody hand grip a hammer drive nail into each corner form by this wound and , as the face come into full view for the first time , we realize who this be . it be pinhead from hellraiser . pinhead be complete face float on the blackness and stare out at we . pinhead ( echoed & slow ) kirsty , come to daddy the tiny silence follow pinhead 's word be shattered by a pierce and terrify scream . 7 int hospital room night the scream continue , but the blackness be replace by kirsty 's anguish face ; it be she who be scream . the scream subside , replace by breathless panting accompany by rapid eye movement . ronson ( off camera ) ah , you be awake . good . we pull out to see that kirsty be sit up , fully dress , on a hospital bed . ronson , a police detective , sit on a plain wooden chair , which be the only other piece of furniture in the room . the wall be bare save for a piece of primitive art on one wall , and , on another , a circular bar window look out . ronson stand up and walk to the foot of the bed . he rest he hand on the bed 's metal frame and smile a perfunctory smile . ronson tell you what - we will make a deal . I will tell you what I know , then you tell I what you know . 0.k.? kirsty be still re-orienting herself . she blink a few time and then focus on ronson 's hand grip the bed . ronson o.k .? kirsty look up at ronson 's face and then around at the room . kirsty where be I ? ronson you be in the malahide Institute . it 's a psychiatric hospital . but , hey , do not feel judge - it be just the nearest place to bring you . remember ? you and you boyfriend ... ? kirsty Steve ... ronson do not worry . he 's o.k . we send he home hour ago . jeez , what a story . he put a cigarette in he mouth and light it . ronson what be it , kid ? smack ? angel dust ? do not tell I acid 's back in fashion ? kirsty what be you talk about ? who be you ? ronson oh , excuse I ... ronson reach in he jacket and flash a i.d. ronson ronson . homicide . I be this district 's slash and dash expert . make a career of the nasty one . that 's why I be at you dad 's house . Jesus , what a mess . kirsty be eye prick with tear . she look away from ronson . kirsty ( to herself ) daddy ... 8 int junk room lodovico STREET night cortez , a police officer , shift some unpack crate to allow a closer look at the shrivel and deform corpse of one of frank and julia be victim . cortez Jesus ... cortez prod at the corpse with he night -stick , attempt to turn it over . a stream of maggot pour from the mouth and the cavity that use to be its throat . cortez jump back in disgust and knock against one of the several wardrobe in the cluttere room . another corpse fly out at he , as decaye and flvblown as the first . cortez draw he gun and empty it blow the corpse head off , scatter flesh , mucus , and bone - but no blood - everywhere before realize it be already dead . he realise what he have do and lower he weapon sheepishly . cortez oh. shit ... 9 int . hospital room day ronson be sit back in the chair , look at the now slightly calmer kirsty . ronson we get two miss people and a house full of corpse . he hold out he hand towards kirsty in a theatrical manner . ronson talk to I . kirsty swing she leg off the bad , but remain sit on it , she foot on the floor . she do not look directly at ronson but begin to take in the ( few ) detail of the room for the first time . kirsty I think Steve have talk to you ? ronson oh , pardon I . I obviously do not convey my hesitation to take he story at face - value . no , you talk to I . but - do I a favor ? - none of this demon crap . kirsty close she eye , almost wince , as memory come . kirsty open she eye . consciously , she slow the rhythm of the dialogue down . kirsty he talk about demon , huh ? ronson yeah . kirsty turn she head to look directly at ronson . kirsty it 's true . all of it . it 's all true . ronson stare at she , impressed by she conviction and intensity . there be a second of share silence . suddenly , a shocking electronic crackle shatter the mood . ronson start , then realise it be the radio at he belt . he snatch it up and speak into it . ronson ronson . 10 int bedroom lodovico STREET night another officer , kucich , be stand , radio in hand , by the blood-stain mattress . cortez stand beside he , gun now safely re-holster . kucich kucich here , sir . we just find another one , though it suffer a little ... kucich look at cortez , who look embarrassed . kucich ..er , accidental damage in discovery . anyway , just about the only portable evidence we have get here - apart from human remain - be the mattress . look like someone be mess up real bad on it . 11 int hospital room night kucich ( off-camera ) can we send it downtown ? ronson throw kirsty a look of exasperation with he colleague . the camera stay on kirsty 's face as ronson speak . ronson what the hell be you ask I for ? tag it . move it . kirsty ( to herself ) the mattress ... the mattress ... julia . without wait for a reply , ronson switch the radio off and clip it back to he belt . 12 int bedroom 55 STREET night we be look at the mattress . kucich have leave the room . cortez draw a pad from he packet . the pad be staple , and the staple have be badly insert and be not close property . in the act of tear a label from the pad , cortez catch he thumb on the staple . officer shit ! the label be adhesive - back . cortez lick it and press it on the mattress . he write on it - 55l / El . as he stand up from do this , a single drop of blood from he thumb land on the mattress . ( it be important that we see it be only a single drop - and nothing like the amount larry spill on the floorboard . ) cortez leave the room to fetch a colleague to help he move the mattress . we move in to see the drop of blood disappear very quickly into the mattress , as if it be be suck in . as this happen , we hear on the soundtrack the faintest rumble . 13 int operating room night a somewhat antiquated and frightening operate room , fill with machine , monitor , and surgical instrument . the corner of the room fall away to shadow . sitting upright in the centre of the room be a female patient . she be awake and stare out at the camera . twin probe / clamp be in each of she ear to hold she in place . her head be shave and the skin on the back of she head have be cut open and peel apart . the flap of the skin be hold away from the area be work on by four clamp . ( we never actually see round to the expose brain itself ) immediately behind she , and probing with professional skill and coolness into she expose brain , be doctor malahide . he be in he late forty and look like all the great doctor look - rational , civilized , competent , and powerful . there be a intensity in he eye and the line of he face though that suggest something more than normal . the room have several attentive listener and observer , but the one nearest to malahide be he personal student / assistant kyle macrae , young , conventionally good - look , with a open , friendly , face . malahide be hold forth on the secret of he trade , several time look away from he patient while still work on she , to make sure he audience understand he point . malahide we can bring they back properly more often than scientific orthodoxy dictate , lady and gentleman . and the knife , far from the enemy of of analysis , be often its great ally in solving the puzzle of psychosis . Analysis isolate and massage . surgery pinpoint and correct . ... though you have get to know what you be do , of course ... polite laughter from several student . malahide some thing be obvious . here , for example , he prod in at a specific area . malahide ..are the optical motor nerve control center . the patient begin to blink in time with malahide be prodding . the affect be half - comical , half -distress . perhaps malahide carry it on just that half - second too long for innocent demonstration . but the student give impressed murmur anyway . malahide now . this case . a deeply - bury psychosis severe enough to produce frighteningly frequent hysteria and aggression . incurable . say other . not so . Analysis isolate . the knife expose . medication control . as he speak , malahide inject a syringe directly into the patient 's brain . her face spasm momentarily . malahide stand back slightly . his face be serene , calm , and confident . he take a small , motorise drill and set to work on the brain . malahide and then , lady and gentleman , we rebuild . with all the care and knowledge that we year of training have give we he look around at they all , smile slightly . malahide we bring they back . the student murmur they approval . perhaps they even applaud . malahide acknowledge they reaction with a modest nod . suddenly , a intercom on the wall cut in . intercom Dr. malahide , the new arrival be awake , and appear very distress . malahide step back briskly and begin to peel he clove off . he nod at a nearby student . malahide my part in this be over . you may tidy up for I . Kyle , you come with I . malahide and kyle leave the room . 14 int hospital room night kirsty have she hand over she face and be shaking . ronson stand and cross to she . he take she hand from she face and calm she . ronson easy , easy . whatever happen , whatever you see , it 's not here now . kirsty I see it ...him . but I get away . and I take the box . and I solve it . and they come . ronson who ? kirsty the cenobite . she stare directly at ronson , dare he to disbelieve . kirsty the demon . ronson stare back , perhaps a glimmer of belief in he eye . on the soundtrack , the sudden and shocking sound of a door be slam open and hit the wall . kirsty scream . even ronson be startle . in the doorway be doctor malahide and kyle . malahide advance into the room , smile apologetically as he do so . malahide sorry . must get that door fix . detective ronson ? malahide hold he hand out , as ronson nod in response . malahide I be Doctor malahide . the man shake hand . malahide gesture behind he . malahide my assistant , Kyle macrae . and this must be kirsty ? malahide speak quickly , as if to get the formality out of the way . as he say she name , he smile benignly at kirsty who , still distraught from she memory and shocked at the slamm of the door , simply stare at he . malahide turn he attention back to speak to he in a lower voice . ronson , draw he away and meanwhile , kyle walk over to kirsty enough to embarrass she into smile and smile at she - long back . malahide I have read the boy 's statement . quite the adventure they believe they have . I would like to talk to she alone . do you think ... ? ronson look over he shoulder at kirsty . carefully at malahide and then nod slowly . he then look ronson mmmm . o.k . frankly , I think she 's more you territory than mine . shame . ronson look back at kirsty . ronson kirsty . Doctor malahide 's go to look after you now . maybe we could talk some more tomorrow . kirsty nod vaguely and then , call out to he . just as ronson reach the door , kirsty wait ! the mattress . you have get to destroy it . she died on it , you see . the mattress . it 's haunt now . she can come back ... like Frank . she can come back . ronson smile helplessly at she , then glance at malahide with a " you see what I mean " expression , and leave the room . kirsty ( to herself ) the mattress malahide stare at she briefly , with a strange expression on he face and then abruptly follow ronson through the door . kirsty be too absorb to notice stare incredulously as malahide kyle uh... excuse I this odd behavior , leave the room . but kyle a moment . he follow to the door and stand in the doorway , look down the corridor . 15 int hospital corridor night ronson stand before a set of double - door , talk to a uniformed officer . malahide come into view , walk swiftly , and instantly talk over they conversation . malahide detective . I will be able to help this girl . but I need you assistance 16 int hospital corridor night look back at the corridor , we see the door to kirsty be room ajar , and kyle stand by it look down . 17 int hospital corridor night ( kyle ' p.o.v ) a long shot of malahide and ronson . kyle , and we , be too far away to hear what be say , but malahide in nodd and gesture emphatically , as if persuade ronson of something . 18 int hospital room night kyle return into the room and close the door . his expression be puzzle , troubled . then he remember there be a patient here and he smile . kyle so ... you be kirsty , huh ? kirsty you a doctor , too ? kyle smile again . kyle nearly a doctor . I be Kyle macrae . call I Kyle . kirsty draw a deep breath , temporarily calm . she even manage a smile . kirsty hi , Kyle . malahide re-enter the room . malahide now , kirsty ... kirsty look at he warily . kirsty the cop . he do not believe I . malahide I suspect not . but that do not necessarily mean you be wrong , do it ? kirsty do you believe I ? malahide offer a re-assure laugh . malahide well , I do not know yet . however , you be not lie . you believe this be the truth . kirsty it be the truth . suddenly , the door open again . a intern be stand there . for the briefest of moment , malahide look furious and then , catch himself , assume he calm demeanor . malahide well ? intern sorry , Dr. malahide . but it 's Tiffany . she 's escape ... again . malahide sigh . malahide very well . he look down at kirsty . kirsty I be sorry , kirsty . Kyle will come back with something to help you sleep . we shall speak tomorrow . malahide and kyle follow the intern from the room , kyle give a last friendly smile as the door close behind they . 19 ext . carnival night we be stare down the midway of a desert carnival . on either side , stall and ride beckon to pleasure that they lock door and tarpaulin-draped entrance deny . a light rain be fall . a huge wooden cut - out of a grin clown dominate one stall while the sign beneath he seem to state the ethos of the whole place ; lot ' o' fun . another have a banner proclaim freak show , with the subheading you'll gasp at the geek ! on the horizon in the distance , almost deny the reality of what we be see , tower vast crane of unimaginable height while beyond they impossibly huge oil - drum squat against the moon - bright but cloudy sky . into shot , and run down the midway , come a girl , tiffany . tiffany be a girl in she early teens but look young then she year due to she boyish figure and she slightly over - delicate feature . for the last month , tiffany have be find way out of the institute and make she way here , where she have one special obsession , which we will soon see . follow she into shot , but many yard behind , come two intern from the Institute . they contrast each other almost comically , one be tall and plump while the other be smaller and thin . they be not quite the Stan and Ollie of the medical world but with some serious rehearsal they could get there . 1st intern oh , Jesus - she 's gonna make it . even as the first intern say this , we see tiffany make a sharp leave turn into a stall entrance . 20 ext . hall of mirror entrance night a front view of the stall into which tiffany have run . the large sign above it proclaim ' hall of mirror ' and a smaller sign perch above a distorting mirror to one side of the entrance say ' you'll be amazed ' . the two intern enter at a run . 21 int . hall of mirror night there follow a hopelessly one -side pursuit through the mirror maze as tiffany effortlessly elude the two intern . there be three major facet to this sequence ; 1 ) comic relief - as the two intern make fool of themselves . there could even be a room of distorting mirror where the thin intern become fat and the fat one thin . 2 ) tiffany be ease and expertise with pattern and puzzle . 3 ) confusion of the audience 's sense of the real and the unreal . this go on long enough for we to realise the 1st intern be right to worry , how long tiffany could elude they . then , jarringly , as the screen be full of reflect tiffanys there suddenly appear amongst they a single image of malahide . everything stop . the image of malahide ( and we should not he sure yet if we be look at a reflection or the real man ) put its hand out , palm up . malahide Tiffany . come . all the tiffanys move quietly toward he until they all disappear from view . then the real tiffany come into shot , she back to we , and walk toward what we now see to be the real malahide , who be stand in a doorway deliberately frame like a mirror to confuse the customer . tiffany place she hand docilely on to malahide 's outstretch one . 22 int . hospital room night kirsty have be doze fitfully , but be awaken by strange noise . at first terrify , she slowly realise it be simply someone be put in the room next door . she wait until activity have cease and then move to she door . it be unlock . she move out into the corridor . 23 int . hospital corridor night look warily from side to side , kirsty edge out into the corridor , along it , and then stop by the door of the adjoin room . 24 int . tiffany's room night c.u . a hand fit a piece of jig-saw puzzle into the space it belong . we know it be a jig -saw by the shape of the piece , but it be clearly not the conventional type - a picturesque photo - because all we can see at this close - up angle be large area of black and white . 25 int . tiffany's room night we now see that the puzzle be on the floor of a room of a similar size to kirsty be . it be slightly more decorate ; it have curtain and wallpaper . and a tile floor . sitting cross-legged on the floor next to the puzzle be tiffany . the puzzle , which we can now see more clearly , be a intricate abstract design in black and white . there be several piece still un - fitte but tiffany be work steadily , efficiently , and with complete concentration . on a wall behind she there be a visual record of she progress over the last few month . seal in plastic by staff member be . puzzle she have solve , with date mark she advancement . they begin with the simple wood block animal usually give to very small child . pass through photo-puzzle of increase difficulty , and culminate in one or two other example of the kind of complicated pattern - work she be involved in now . 26 int . hospital corridor night we pull out to see that this be kirsty' p.o.v. from the glass panel in the door of tiffany be room . tiffany look up at one point and eye-contact be make . kirsty give a tentative smile and a small wave . tiffany stare at she . the stare be long but unresponsive and finally tiffany return to the puzzle . kirsty have she back to we and the camera be quite close in when a hand suddenly move into shot and touch she shoulder . kirsty jump back in alarm , fear on she face . but it be only kyle . kyle raise he hand in apology . kyle oh , Jesus , I be sorry . God , if anyone should know not to do that , it 's I . I be sorry . 0.k .? kirsty nod and give a nervous smile . kyle , still embarrassed by he foolishness and eager to change the subject , nod towards the glass panel . kyle sad , huh ? she 's be here six month . her name 's tiffany . kirsty what 's the matter with she ? kyle almost complete withdrawal . she have not say a word for nearly two year . kirsty God , that 's terrible . kyle yeah . Doctor malahide 's get she do this jig-saws and thing , though . say it 's help to bring she out . kyle usher kirsty back into she own room . 27 int . hospital room day as he close the door to kirsty 's room , kyle reach into the pocket of he lab-coat and produce a small box of pill . kyle anyway , let 's concentrate on you for a moment . wanna suck on this for I ? kirsty look up at he sharply . he be proffering a pill and grin facetiously . kirsty hey , good joke , Kyle . do you always come on to the mentally ill ? kyle 's face fall . he blushes . press the pill into kirsty 's hand , he back off to the door , apologise . kyle shit. sorry . here 's the pill . Red face . door. bye . he exit hurriedly , close the door behind he . kirsty grin despite herself . she look at the pill for a second or two and then put it firmly back in the box . realising there be no bedside table , she put the box on the wooden chair . kirsty Jesus , I be glad I be not pay for this place . she be about to lie down on the bed , when she sense something be wrong in the room . kirsty be instantly tense again . she swing she head to the side and tense in horror , stifling a scream . in the corner of the room , against the wall lie in a pool of blood , be she skinned father larry . kirsty emit a pain moan of pure anguish as she realise what she be look at . kirsty ( under she breath ) daddy ... the thing in the corner raise its arm weakly from its side and begin to write on the wall in its own blood . it write : I am in hell ; help me. kirsty cover she eye with she hand and begin to sob . kirsty take she hand from she eye . the figure have go . the pool of blood have disappear . but , on the wall the word remain . kirsty make herself rise from the bed and walk slowly across the room . her eye full of tear , she stretch out she arm and touch the word ' I ' . as she finger make contact , the word instantly disappear . she press she bloody finger quickly to she lip before that last trace of she father can vanish , too . 28 int . tiffany's room night tiffany be still sit up cross -legge , weep . her puzzle be complete . 29 ext . the institute day basically a establish shot to show it be the next morning but it also serve to show malahide walk briskly to work . his suit be tasteful and simple , but discreetly expensive - look . he walk with purpose and look straight ahead , acknowledge only with polite nod the respectful greeting of various junior doctor and nurse he pass on he way . he enter the institute . we should also see several patient be walk , or wheeled , around by staff during this shot . malahide ( off-camera ) and how be we feel today ...? 30 int . large ward day this be a large , traditional hospital ward with a line of bed down each long wall and a wide central aisle . nearly all of the bed be occupy and , at the far end of the ward , there be a male patient in a wheelchair . all the patient ' eye turn immediately and happily to malahide as he cross the room , continue he speech . malahide better ? good . he-do not stop he progress but walk straight through the room and into the corridor . as the door close behind he the wheelchair patient scowl . w/ chair patient 105 year and he still do not know my name . 31 int . hospital corridor day malahide walk swiftly down the corridor in which we see he talk to ronson earlier , but this time the camera follow he through the double door and further down the corridor . he enter a elevator and the door close in front of he . 32 int . basement corridor day malahide exit the elevator into a lower corridor , one not so carefully decorate . we be in the area in which the more deeply disturb of the Institute 's patient live . the room be smaller , closer together , and there be a observation panel set in each door . malahide look into the first four room . in the first , a middle - age , overweight woman sit completely motionless in the middle of the floor . she be dress in a shapeless white robe and be sit crosslegge . her head be shaven , she eye be roll completely up into the socket so that only white show . in the second , a very thin man of about thirty be press as tight as he can be into one corner of the room . his hair be long and he have a full beard . he be naked but not unadorn - he body and much of he cell wall be smear in excrement . in the third , a man of about malahide be age -stand in the centre of the room . he be of normal build but he head be shave . his face , scalp , and hand be cover in self - inflicted and amaterurish tattoo - all of cross . he be dress in T-shirt and jeans . with both hand he hold aloft a silver crucifix , point it in all direction , as if under constant siege by devil . he mutter prayer and invocation constantly . in the fourth , a man in he early twenty restrain in a strait - jacket . he shuffles around on the call - floor , he eye twitching and flitting from one part of he body to another . browning ( mutter ) get they off I . get they off I . off-camera , we hear the sound of kirsty 's sobbing - which bridge the CUT to : 33 int . hospital room day kyle enter , have hear kirsty cry . she be sit with she leg over the side of the bed with she face in she hand . kyle immediately sit next to she and put a arm around she shoulder . he do not force she to speak . he let she let the tear out . finally , she look up . kirsty I ... I have a visitor . kyle what ? kirsty oh , Jesus . I can not explain . it 's ..it 's . I do not know how to help ! I have to save he and I do not know how to help ! kyle ( carefully ) kirsty , I be sorry ... do not understand . I ... kirsty I know . no - one can . but I have to save he . where 's the other doctor ? he say he would listen . he promise . kyle respond quickly to this . his faith in malahide be strong , despite that curious incident of the previous night when malahide follow ronson out of the room . kyle Dr. malahide . yes . look , I will fetch he . you take it easy . I be sure he can help . kyle stand up , make soothing motion with he hand , and head for the door . kirsty help . no , no - one can help . I just want someone to listen or I will go crazy . kyle if anyone can help , he can . kirsty turn and give kyle a strange look as he open the door . kirsty yeah ? he get a ticket to Hell ? 34 int . hospital corridor day we track with kyle down the corridor , eventually reach a impressive door , which be slightly ajar . even before we reach it , we hear malahide 's voice . he be clearly on the phone . because of the nature of what he be hearing , kyle pause when he reach the door , listen with a confuse expression on he face . malahide ( off-camera & gradually fade up ) Officer kucich ? yes , Doctor malahide . you have speak to ronson ? yes ... that 's right . the mattress no , I will meet you by the side entrance . no , no , my house . yes , let I make that clear . the house , not the hospital . yes ... Fine , and thank you . we hear the phone click . kyle wait a moment and then walk swiftly through the door , speak as he do so . kyle Doctor malahide ... ? 35 int . hospital room day kirsty be face fill the screen . her voice be slightly dreamy , as if she be still try to understand herself the story she be about to tell . kirsty it must have be go on forever ... her voice trail off . we pull out to see kirsty sit up on she bed . malahide on the wooden chair , and kyle stand by the door . malahide 's voice pull she back . malahide kirsty ...? kirsty snap back and continue to speak in a more normal voice . kirsty but the part I know about , that must have start with my uncle Frank ... malahide then let we speak of it dissolve to 36 ext . malahide 's house twilight we track in slowly towards a modern house that we will learn be malahide be , up the drive , towards the front door . dissolve to 37 int . malahide's hallway twilight the track continue along the hallway and into the obsession room . 38 int . obsession room night the track continue . the room be dim , light only by stray shaft of moonlight . on the floor in the centre of the room be the mattress . the track stop . a main light be click on and malahide move into shot . malahide pour himself a scotch from the decanter that sit on the write table and approach the mattress . he be clearly very , excited . he walk around the mattress two or three time , never take he eye off it . he walk back to the write table , throw he drink back , put the glass down and leave the room . 39 ext . malahide's house night malahide leave through he front door and walk toward the hospital . 40 int . obsession room night after a few second silence we hear a repeat click sound , as if something be be force , follow by a louder snap and the sound of a sash window be open . the curtain balloon inwards , part , and kyle step into the room . he stand still for a moment , as if make sure he be alone , and then begin to take in he surroundings . the room be entirely devote to malahide be secret obsession - with the paranormal in general and the lament configuration in particular . it be a fair-size , square shape room . print , painting , and photograph cover the wall . all of this picture relate in some way to he obsession ; photograph of ghost - sighting ; portrait of magician from cagliostro to crowley ; print of arcane symbol and pentagram , etc . specifically , we recognize a print that resemble very closely the jigsaw he have have tiffany recently solve . also , there be frame diagram ( which look very old ) of the lament configuration - both open and close . on a long , low table there be three glass case . in each of this case be a lament configuration . on each case be a small label give a location , a date of acquisition , and a number - which we may assume to be the number of death attributable to that specific box . this label read : cairo 3/4/'59 7 lyon 6/2/'72 4 new york 12/3/'81 5 there be also , on a small desk - top bookshelf on a write table , edition of malahide be own book . he seem to have spend he career publicly deny what he be privately obsessed with - because the book title include ' possession : not demon but Disease 's , ' the myth of the diabolic’ , and ' the Internal inferno 's . kyle Jesus Christ . jee-sus-kerr-ist ! we assume he have visit malahide be house before , but he have clearly never see this room . he stare at the mattress with incredulity , as if he still can not believe he superior have have it bring here . then he begin to look around the room in more detail . he approach the glass case and bend slightly to look at they content . kyle shake he head . kyle oh , shit . Al int . basement corridor night malahide walk past a bank of meter and huge circuit breaker on he way to the lower and of the corridor , by the cell of the very disturb . he stop by the cell of the man in the strait-jacket . we hear from the outside the familiar mutter of browning . malahide enter the call . 42 int . browning's cell night as malahide enter , browning look at he . his eye demand , not plead , and he speak through clench tooth . browning get they off I . get. they . off. me. 43 int . obsession room night kyle be root through the drawer in the write table . generally the content be unremarkable - handwritten note , a few patient case - file etc . - but in one of the drawer he find a black ring - binder which he take out and lay on the table . it be a book of face . there be about fifteen sheet in the binder . some of they be genuine photographic print , some photocopy of original photo . they range widely in age , race , and sex . they be all full - face portrait . chronologically , the range be extensive too . some picture ( generally photocopy ) appear to date from the earliest day of photography , the late 1880' , other have a edwardian appearance , or suggest the 1920' . only one or two seem to be less than thirty year old . kyle flick back and forward in the book , wonder on the significance of this people . he be lose in the musing when the click of the front door tell he malahide have return . kyle close the book and quickly slip it back into the drawer . he head rapidly for the window he come in through but realise malahide be too close for he to open it and make good he escape . instead he stand between the window and the curtain , pull the latter close over he . malahide enter the room , lead browning who be still strait - jackete . 44 int . behind the curtain night we see kyle stand very still in the limited space behind the curtain . it be clearly see that , give the thoroughness with which he close the curtain and he immobile position , he be unable to see what be happen in the room . he can hear , but not see . 45 int . obsession room night malahide lead browning across to the mattress . stand beside it , he unbuckle and remove the strait - jacket from he patient . browning , beneath the strait - jacket , be naked to the waist . his arm and cheat be a mass of scar of various age and size . malahide gesture to the mattress . now that he arm be free , browning be scratch furiously . malahide Mr. brown . please , lie down . browning lie down , still scratch , trust and hope in he eye . 46 int . obsession room browning's delusion ( browning be p.o. as if look through browning 's eye , we see he body stretch out before we on the mattress . the naked chest and arm be cover with raise lump , red and painful - look . as he scratch arm attack this lump , they break open , revealing vile black insect that have hatched beneath he skin . browning brushes this away while he scratch at the remain lump . at int . obsession room night browning have already re-opene some of the more recent scar , and blood slowly rise to the surface of he skin . malahide walk over to he write tableland go into one of the drawer . he produce a old - fashioned cut - throat razor and walk back to browning malahide here . this will help . he proffer the razor . browning sieze it . malahide step back quickly , a mixture of anticipation and apprehension on he face . browning slashes at he body and leave arm with a short , sharp , slice motion . in he mind , he be lancing the cyst that contain the torment insect . in reality , he be inflict horrifying damage on himself . blood pour from the multitude of wound , run over he body and down onto the mattress . suddenly , without any preliminary , two painfully thin , flay , mucus-cover arm shoot out of the mattress , one on either side of the still - busy browning . they wrap themselves tightly across he chest and crush he tightly to the mattress , as a head , similarly waste , ooze out of the mattress to the side of browning 's head . beneath he delusion , browning suddenly have a inkling of what be happen to he . his eye widen and he mouth open ready to emit a scream but the monster beneath he force a hand over he mouth as it bury its face into the soft flesh of he neck . two leg now rise from the ooze slime that the bloodstain on the mattress have become . they too wrap themselves around browning so that he be hold tight . finally , with titanic effort , he gather enough momentum to roll completely free of the mattress and fall to the floor beside it . the thing on he back now be pull free from the bed of bubbling , froth slime that the mattress now be with a slide , slurping sound . the monster 's face be now deep in the flesh of he throat , and even as browning force himself up first onto one knee and then , very unsteadily , onto he foot , we can see he waste away - he face lose its fullness and colour , he chest sink in on itself . the creature , which be still wrap around he and cling tight be , unlike he , grow in stature by the second . muscle be inflate , artery pump more vigorously , and flesh itself fill out . its horrific thin -ness when it first appear effectively unsex it but now , as its regeneration continue , the fullness of its hip , the roundness of its thigh , and the sacs of fat and muscle that bloom above its rib confirm its female nature . if there be any doubt that this be julia , it be now disappear . browning be now nearly a walk corpse and it be the strength of he will alone that allow he to take a few falter step with julia still envelop he . with the desperate strength with which she cling to he and the way she leg be wrap around he hip , it be like a obscenely perverse parody of sexual passion . malahide have be watch all this with a incredible mix of emotion play across he face . still human enough to feel both fear and disgust at what be happen he be nevertheless awe strike and exhilated . he have wait all he life for such a irrefutable demonstration of the power and the truth of the supernatural . similarly , the scientist in he be fascinate by the live anatomy lesson that julia 's regeneration and browning rapid decay offer . with one last die effort , the now - almost - husk - like browning break julia be grip and make a futile step forward as she fall from he . he totter towards the curtain . just as the audience think he will pull they down with he , revealing kyle , julia grab he ankle and pull . he fall back to the floor . 48 int . behind the curtain night the loud noise of browning 's fall renew kyle 's resolve to see what be go on . carefully , he shift he position so that he can see through a small gap in the curtain . 49 int . kyle's p.o.v. night kyle may have hear one or two strange and unpleasant noise but browning have not scream nor julia speak ; nothing have prepare he for what he see - a skinned woman suck out what life remain from the dry husk of a psychotic man . 50 int . behind the curtain night kyle 's head jerk back , shaking as if he 's just have a electric shock . his mouth move but no sound emerge . kyle ( mime ) Jesus Christ ! his terror simultaneously urging speed and silence , kyle gingerly maneuver himself out of the window . 51 int . obsession room night julia lie back satisfied on the floor . she look up weakly at malahide . julia help I . her voice be perfect . malahide stare at she , he fascination intense . he cross the few yard that separate they . he look at she , lie beside the hollow shell that be cheyney . her eye stare back , brilliant , sparkling , alive . julia help me. malahide realise she temporary vulnerability ; all the life force she have absorb from browning have make up she body , but it will take some moment for the strength to return to she . fascinate and sympathetic as he be however he cannot yet quite brine himself to touch this creature . instead he move the mattress nearer to she , allow she to crawl back onto it and lie down again . malahide stare down at she . he attempt a smile , but be too nervous to make it convincing . he be tremble slightly . this contact with the beyond be something he have dreamt of for year , but nevertheless the physical reality be overwhelming . julia treat he to the approximation of a smile . she be far from nervous . she study herself . her figure be fully form , she womanliness undeniable . all she be miss be a skin . she stretch she arm . she lift she leg . she writhes on the bed in pleasure , like a X - ray photograph of a calendar girl . malahide stare at she , follow the sensual movement of she body . he swallow , a little embarrassed by he response to the naked display he be privileged to watch . julia be eye twinkle at he . julia do not be embarrassed . you be my friend . she look away and continue she stretch and wiggling , more conscious of it now as a erotic display . the strength have flood through she body as she rise to she foot , and stop off the mattress , smile at malahide . malahide back away from she as she move towards he , do he best to return she smile . after a few step , julia stop and simply stare into malahide be eye . he too stop and return the gaze . the camera circle they slowly several time , study they - the dress , nervous man and skinned , confident woman . julia well ? malahide say nothing . perhaps he swallow nervously . the camera continue its circle movement . the scene fade to black and julia begin to laugh , small , sensual giggle at first building finally as the blackness come into a almost hysterical crescendo of raucous joy . 52 int . hospital room night kirsty be again lie on she back on top of the bed . she be a stark contrast to julia . no display . no laughter . her eye be open and red-rimme from weep now . there be also complete silence . all the more jarring , then , the sudden sound of someone fumble at the handle of kirsty be door . her eye widen in alarm and she fling herself off the bed , scan the room for anything that can be use as a weapon . there be nothing but the chair and she she have all but lift it aloft when she see that it be kyle , who come into the room . kirsty shit , Kyle . this be get to be a habit . what be it , some kind of shock - therapy ? she be angry , relieved , and amused when she realize it be kyle and all this show in she voice and face . now they drop away completely , replace by a nervous apprehension as she become aware of the blank horror on he face . kirsty oh , Jesus . what be it ? kyle open he mouth a few time , as if unsure what to say . kyle it 's all true . 53 int . tiffany's room night tiffany walk around she room , stare at she complete puzzle - that on the wall and the one on the floor - and wait for the next one . fade out fade in 54 ext . malahide's house day a simple shot tell we it be the next morning . 55 int . obsession room malahide's house day malahide , dress in a black suit , be in the room , stare at the empty mattress . we track with he through to he live room . 56 int . live room malahide's house day in contrast to the secret and private obsession room , this room be the tasteful and upmarket room of the successful professional . it be a long spacious room with modern furniture and white wall . the wall be mostly free of decoration save for two or three large canvase of abstract art . the longest wall be break up only by a low circular table , which rest against it about half way down . on this table be a very simple black vase contain a spray of beautiful white lily . above this vase on the wall be a large frameless mirror . as malahide enter , the first thing he see be a bloody palm - print on one of he white wall . he blink at it and look down into the room . we CUT to ; julia . at first it seem she be stare at the lily , but as we track around she , we realise she be stare at the reflection of she skinned self . her face snarl at herself , she roar with rage , form she hand into a fist and shatter the mirror . malahide rush towards she . she swing round and freeze he with a glance . they hold they position for a moment , malahide nervous and julia furious , and then julia make herself relax . she sigh , take a few deep breath , and then speak . julia I be cold . time CUT 57 int . live room malahide's house day close up on a strangely Art Deco electric fan heater , with bright red coil emit wave of heat . we pull out to see malahide stand by the table with the flower . there be now a half - full glass of wine on the table , along with a ashtray where a cigarette burn away ignore . a pack of cigarettes be now visible in the breast pocket of malahide 's jacket . julia enter the room and close the door behind she . she be dress in one of malahide be suit . it be a light weight suit of white linen , a suit for expensive holiday in hot country . she cross the room to the table ; pause slightly in the centre of the room , to allow malahide to look at she . julia well ? malahide be nervousness have retreat a little , he manage to smile . he nod he head slowly a few time . malahide yes ... yes . you look ... julia surreal ? strange ? nightmarish ? malahide no. you look ... he pause , lose for word . julia do not wait for a answer . she cross to the table and take up he glass of wine . she downs it in one . malahide stare at she , a little surprised . julia yes , I still like wine she smile strangely at he and then move closer . slowly , keep she eye on he , she reach into he breast pocket for he packet of cigarettes and place one in she mouth . julia and more . for a moment , malahide 's face be stone . then , slowly , he return she smile and , draw he lighter , light she cigarette . 58 int . shopping mall day a large multi-level shopping complex obviously up - market and expensive . we see malahide , riding up one on the central escalator , look around he as he do so , as if search for a specific shop . he reach the next level and begin to walk along one of the several avenue that lead away from the central square contain the escalator . he walk past several shop , look in they window ; a chic specialty shop , a window full of clock , a cutler 's . finally , he stop in front of one . he stare at its display window . the window be classily minimal . there be in fact only one dress in it . it be a exquisite white cocktail gown . the gown be full length but quite tight - fitting , merely flaring a little from below the knee , and have a halter - neck . malahide walk into the shop . 59 int . malahide's bedroom day we be look at a reflection of malahide in the large mirror that cover the inside of he wardrobe door . his real hand and he reflect hand come together at the edge of the door and tip it slightly , change the image that the mirror show we . now we see julia . she be in the dress from the shop in the mall . it be a perfect fit and show she figure off very well . be a halter - neck , however , she skinned arm and shoulder be completely bare . also , it be quite low cut at the front , expose a fair degree of visceral cleavage , and at the back . julia turn fully around in front of the mirror examine herself from every angle . her mood be unreadable until she speak . julia Close it . malahide do so . he understand and try to console she .. malahide it 's a beautiful dress ... julia I know . time CUT 59 int . live room malahide's house day close up malahide be hand apply wide , white , surgical bandage to julia . we pull out as malahide step away from julia . they be both stand in the middle of the live room floor . julia be arm , torso , and head be now completely enclose in neatly and professionally apply bandage . there be three slit for she eye and mouth but apart from this she be completely cover . over this she be still wear the white dress . malahide there ... julia lift she arm slightly to look at they and then touch she bandage face . she turn towards malahide . the camera begin the same circle movement it make around they the previous night . malahide be nervousness have practically disappear . he have help this woman . he have bandage she and dress she . he be slightly in awe of she , but it be now tinged with excitement , not fear . the camera 's circle grow faster . malahide well ? julia walk towards he , slowly raise she hand . when she be close enough she hand cup he cheek . she pull he towards she , and , tipping she head to one side , kiss he . her body mould itself to he . she lean she head back . be they have kiss blood have press up onto the bandage from she skinned flesh . it look like smear lipstick . julia well ? malahide put he arm around she waist . they kiss tenderly . slowly , almost nervously , he lower he hand until they rest on she buttock and press she in towards he . they begin to spin themselves now , echoing the camera movement . they cross the room , kissing blindly , until they come to rest against the wall that bear julia 's bloody palm print . julia twist they body so that malahide be press against the wall , and begin to move she hip forcefully and sensually against malahide . the camera be stationary now , watch without movement as malahide begin to raise julia 's dress up she leg , she hand on he wrist , help and encourage . about halfway up the thigh , the bandage disappear and the raw flesh be expose . the kissing and the fumble continue until they be make fast and violent love against the wall . his hand clutch tightly at she hip and he pull he face away from the kissing to loan it on she shoulder so that we see he face as it grimace in ecstasy . he cry out and shudder and slowly both they movement stop . he stroke at she back gently and they body relax . julia ( almost coyly ) now all we need be a skin . 60 int . bathroom kyle's apartment day close up on shower jet hit kirsty 's face and naked shoulder . her eye be close , but she smile in pleasure as the water refresh she . a knock be hear . kirsty move she head out of the water 's path and shout . kirsty yeah ? 61 int . kyle's apartment day it be basically a studio apartment - everything except the bathroom facility be in the one room . there be a sofa - with sheet and blanket on it - a bed , a dining / all - purpose table with two chair , shelf full of record and book , and a small work desk against one of the wall . the desk be weigh down by text book and note and , tack to the wall above it , be medical print , some of the brain and central nervous system , but also two fullcoloure anatomical print - one of a man and one of a woman . they could almost be portrait of julia and frank . kyle , fully dress , be stand by the bathroom door , he hand still in a knock position . kyle you o.k .? silence . kyle kirsty ? you 0 . k.? the bathroom door open and kirsty come into the main room , dress in a toweling robe that be clearly a ' hers ' not a ' he ' . she cross the room to a mirror , rub at she wet hair with a towel . kirsty no bad dream . kyle so you sleep 0.k.? kirsty gesture at the sofa . kirsty as much as that bed of nail allow . kyle glance meaningfully at the bed as he reply . kyle well , the sofa be not often use for sleep on ... kirsty oh yeah ? on you own a lot , huh ? kyle grin . kyle like the robe ? kirsty return the smile via the mirror . kyle cross the room to sit at he dining table . empty coffee cup , the remnant of a loaf and some cheese suggest they breakfast be simple and finish some time ago . kirsty gather she clothes from by the sofa and move back into the bathroom to dress . kyle wait a few moment and then speak . kyle I think I need to talk . about what I see . kirsty emerge , fully dress , she hair still damp . kirsty you think I be crazy , do not you ? kyle spread he hand wide . kyle Jesus , yes ! what do you expect . I mean , God , I still do ! it 's just that now I be crazy too . he grin wryly . kirsty move to the sofa and sit down . kirsty and you be sure it be a woman ? kyle God , I wish I could say no . this be go to do terrible thing to my attitude , you know . kirsty grin at he . kirsty do not worry about it . you attitude suck anyway . kyle hey , so for it . do not let pity stop you . I be down . nail I . for a moment , they laugh together but then stop . kirsty stare downward and then suddenly burst into tear . kirsty what can I do ? how can I save he ? kyle join she on the sofa . he offer a arm but she shake it off . kirsty the box . I need the box . kyle the box ? like in you story ? like in he house ? kirsty 's tear suddenly stop . she look at kyle . kirsty ( sharply ) what ? kyle the box . in the House . I tell you . kirsty what do you mean ? kyle the box ! I told you . kirsty you didn ' T tell I . do you mean malahide 's get ... kyle yeah . the thing you be talk about . kirsty head instantly for kyle be door . kirsty I be go . kyle run across the room and put a restrain hand on he door . kyle wait a minute . what do you mean , " I be go ? 's to the house ? kirsty nod and pull at the door handle . kirsty get out of the way . kyle be you crazy ? kirsty I do not know , Kyle . you be the fuck expert . now get out of the way ! kyle why ? kirsty ( shouting ) because I be go to get my father ! tear start to she eye and she stare at kyle defiantly . then she repeat , more softly ; kirsty I be go to get my father . there be a two -second silence between they as they stare at each other . finally , Kyle back away from the door , raise a finger . kyle two second . just two second . do not move . he rush across the room , grab a jacket , and move back to the door . kyle o.k. let 's go . kirsty Kyle , you do not have ... kyle I know I do not have to . it 's just my time of the month to be a complete fuck idiot . 0.k .? kirsty stare at he , she face at first blank then suffuse with emotion . she lean across and plant a chaste kiss on he lip then pull back . there be a beat while they simply stare at each other and suddenly they be tight in each other 's arm , kissing fervently . but the kiss be fuelle , not by passion , but by fear and they mutual need for human solace in the face of the unknown . as the kiss continue , the camera pull back from they . 62 int . the blood - boudoir day close up as julia ( still bandage ) and malahide come together for a kiss . they part and , as julia move across the room , the camera begin a long track around the room . first , it reach a naked girl . as catatonic as tiffany , she say nothing but she eye betray she terror . her hand be tie above she . julia move in towards the girl , she eye glitter with a alien hunger beneath they gauze mask . as she near the girl , the track pass they and move through the room . malahide have do he mistress proud . it have be a empty upstairs room ( no furniture , bare floorboard ) but now it resemble a nightmarish cross between a butcher 's shop and a bordello . the camera slowly reveal , as it track , that there be seven more people in the room . Seven dead people . dried - out husk . the tracking be now complete its circle around the room . after the corpse , we return to julia and the girl - but the girl too be now a hollow , dry - out shell . julia move back into the centre of the room and stand still . malahide cross the room to she quickly , draw a wick - look kitchen knife from he pocket as he do so . he reach julia and raise the knife to she face . with one swift , precise movement , he slice the bandage across the side of she face . julia raise she hand and pull the mask away . the camera sweep in toward she as she do this until she face be in close up as the bandage - mask be pull aside . her face be perfect . 63 ext . malahide's house day malahide emerge from he front door . he be still in he black suit and look every inch the respectable professional . he look neither leave nor right but move straight off , a busy man with thing to do . a few second after he have go off - camera , kyle and kirsty emerge from around the corner of the house . kyle gesture to kirsty to follow he and lead she around to the window he break in through on the previous night . 64 int . obsession room day the room be much as we see it last . the window slide up and kyle pull himself into the room . he look around it carefully . sure that the monster he see the previous night be no longer in the room , he help kirsty in through the window . kirsty 's eye go at once to the three lament configuration in the glass case . she cross the room eagerly . kyle rush after she and stop she open one of the case . kyle wait ! the .. thing I want to be sure it 's not here . kirsty nod and kyle leave the room . 65 int . stair / landing malahide's house day kyle advance carefully , and slowly , from the stair onto the landing . he look about he at every step he take . ahead of he on the landing be a door , which be very slightly ajar . he advance gingerly down the landing to the door . when he reach it , he pause . we see he face work as he ponder he choice - should he push it open inch by slow inch , or slam it inwards quickly ? very slowly he move he hand towards the door . the camera match he movement , move in on he hand , the door , and the space between . his fingertip be less than a inch from touch the door when another hand shoot into view and grab he wrist . julia have creep up beside he on the landing while all he attention be on the door . kyle swing round in horror , he mouth open to scream when he see that julia have she other hand to she mouth , she finger at she lip in a silencing gesture . there be of course , nothing for he to recognize from the monstrous vision of the previous night . julia 's arm , chest , and face be completely re-skin now . all kyle see be a beautiful stranger in a white dress . julia sssh . I think it 's still here . kyle what ? the ... the thing ? julia nod . julia yes . I have to stop you go in there because I know you would cry out . any normal person would . it ... it 's just terrible . kyle be it in there ? julia no . not now . kyle swallow , nod , and gently , push the door open . he walk into the room . 66 int . the blood - boudoir day the camera follow kyle into the room . he reach the middle before horror and disgust stop he . he hear a click behind he and turn to see julia have come into the room and close the door behind she . she look at kyle . julia be I right ? be it terrible ? kyle stare all around he . all eight victim have be suck dry . he be surround by dead husk . his face be ghastly . he look like he be about to faint . he nod . his voice be a crack whisper . kyle yes . yes , it 's terrible . julia cross the room rapidly towards he . her face be a picture of concern . julia oh . you look awful . you poor boy . come here as she speak , julia 's arm be open out to he . kyle see the comfort offer and advance towards she , too . as they come together , the camera move around they and we see , for the first time , that julia be still incomplete ; her entire back be still glisten raw flesh , the naked bone of the spine still clearly visible . they arm go around each other just as julia complete she speech ; julia +.. come to mother as kyle 's hand touch the sticky , mucoid meat of she shoulder , it be instantly clear to he what have happen . for a moment he freeze in terror . his arm fly from she and he throw he head back . but julia be very strong now and she grip do not relax . Kyle 's expression be a mixture of terror and confusion as he stare into the beautiful face of the monster . julia smile at he , a hungry , arouse smile . julia what 's you name ? kyle can hardly speak for fear . kyle Kyle ... julia I be julia . she raise one hand from he back to the back of he head and press he face to hers . julia play it exactly as a sensual , passionate kiss , she mouth wide open , she head move rhythmically and sinuously . kyle 's reaction be somewhat different ; he arm flail in panic ( though only from the elbow - julia be grip prevent anything more ) and he head make jerk , backward movement against she press hand . the camera move around the embrace couple until it be behind julia . the back of she gown , as we know , be extremely low . as the kiss continue , we see skin creep above the line of the gown at the base of she spine and gradually flow up she back until finally it meet and blend perfectly with rag and raw edge of the skin at she neck and shoulder . julia be complete again . while this process have be go on , kyle have be die slowly and horribly in she arm , he lifeforce be suck into she through they open mouth . his body , by the time she back be completely form , be shrunken , hollow , and dry up . julia take she arm from around the corpse of kyle and step back , allow the husk to fall to the floor . julia lick she lip and look down , not without affection , at the dead kyle . she smile . julia thank you , Kyle . 67 int . obsession room day kirsty have find the black ring - binder and laid it on the write table . she have separate one of the photograph from the other and laid it out on the table beside the binder . it be the english officer from the open sequence . kirsty have obviously recognize something familiar in it but she can not quite grasp it completely . she be still puzzle over it when she suddenly realise that several minute have elapse since kyle leave she there . her head straighten up and she puzzle look be replace by a slightly worried one . kirsty ( to herself ) Kyle ...? she fold up the photograph and put it in she pocket . she cross to the door and open it . she do not go through it immediately but stand in the doorway for a moment , she hand still on the door , cock she head slightly as if listen . kirsty ( slightly louder ) Kyle ? she can not hear anything , but she regards that as a bad sign , not a good one . she leave the room . 68 int . stair / landing day kirsty make she way up the stair . unlike kyle a little earlier she move up they quite quickly and advance onto the landing . when she be on the landing and look at the close door to julia 's boudoir she stop , stand still and stare at the door . kirsty suppress a shudder . she bite she lip , take two or three deep breath , cross to the door firmly , and fling it open , move into the room even as she do so . 69 int . the blood - boudoir day kirsty move three or four step into the room and then stop dead . the door swing shut behind she . kirsty 's eye flick leave and right , take in the sicken detail of the room 's content , and then stare straight ahead , focus on the figure in white which be turn around to face she . julia complete she turn and look at kirsty completely impassively for a moment . then she mouth open up into a smile of welcome - but there be nothing but hate in she eye . julia kirsty ! how nice of you to drop in . julia glance meaningfully at the dead thing that lie beside she foot and then back at kirsty . julia you have surprisingly good taste in man . kirsty 's fear and disgust be momentarily displace by a furious rage as she realise what julia have do . her face erupt into anger and she scream out . kirsty Kyle ! no ! I will kill you , you ... she fling herself across the room at julia even as she speak . julia be completely unphase by this attack and simply raise one arm . she sieze the wrist of the arm that kirsty have raise into a clench fist and effortlessly throw kirsty bodily back across the room . we realise for the first time the immense physical strength that julia now possess . kirsty smashes into the door and fall to a sit position against it . she be shake and slightly hurt enough not to get to she foot immediately but she stare at julia with undimm hatred . julia throw a look halfway between a smile and a sneer . julia oh , you can try it , you little bitch . I would love you to try it . but I be not just the woman I be . kirsty what , you mean you be something more than a whore with a vicious streak ? julia I mean I be something more than human , you little shit ! julia snap this first line but then hold she anger in check . she shake she head and a amused smile play across she lip . julia oh , kirsty . they do not tell you , do they ? I be afraid they have change the rule of the fairy tale ; I be no longer just the wick step-mother . the smile disappear and she deliver the next line with a utterly straight face . it be , after all , the truth . julia now I be the evil Queen . the hatred and the heat return to she voice . julia so come on ; take you best shot , snow White . kirsty scramble to she foot and again charge at julia . julia step forward to meet she advance and deliver a single back - hand swipe across kirsty 's face with such force that not only be the girl knock off she foot but be actually knock unconscious . kirsty roll onto she back and lie at julia 's foot . julia stare down at the unconscious body . when it be awake , it be kirsty and she attitude to it be base on personal enmity . now , it be simply another body and she judge it differently ; it be firm , full , healthy , and young . we see the expression on she face change from hatred and triumph to pure appetite . she lick she lip and she eye glisten . she begin to bend slightly towards it . malahide ( off-camera ) Julia ! the door to the room open . julia straighten up and look as malahide stand in the doorway . her eyebrow question this interruption . a second later , and it be explain . he lead tiffany into the room . time CUT 70 int . obsession room day tiffany sit cross -legge in the middle of the floor . she appear to be alone in the room . cradle in she lap be a lament configuration , take from one of the glass case on the low table . on a wall behind tiffany , one of the large print that previously hang there have be take down . revealed in the space behind it be a large mirror . the camera move in towards this mirror . 71 int . obsession room alcove day malahide and julia stand in a tiny and completely bare room . on the wall in front of they be a large window through which we see a back -view of tiffany in the obsession room . 72 int . obsession room day tiffany look around the room generally and then turn she attention completely to the lament configuration . she pick it up and turn it around in she hand , study each of its face intently . she begin try to move the interlinked piece within it . at first she have no success ; the box appear to be one solid construction with no internal movement possible . she stop she attempt and study it again for a moment , she face still impassive . then she give a tiny smile and begin again . her movement be faster now , less tentative . suddenly , there be a click and one of the panel on - the box slide out slightly . the little music - box tune begin to play . to tiffany this be a marvelous reward - something the jigsaw never offer - and she let out a little sound in response , somewhere between a sigh and a delighted giggle . it tempt she to even great skill and she delighted finger fly over the box . another panel move . then two more . the tune be prettier and fuller . 73 int . obsession room alcove day malahide stare fixedly through the window , nervous but terribly excited . he be breathe rapidly and shallowly . through the glass , tiffany 's success continue . small flash of intense blue light begin to buzz around the box . the room grow darker and crack begin to appear in its wall . julia seem quietly amused - both by what be go on in the room and by malahide 's heat response to it . she glance from one to the other , she eye twinkle . julia you be sure this be what you want ? malahide do not take he eye from the window . malahide it 's what I have always want . a view of beyond . he pause . perhaps he be be ungallant . he turn slightly towards julia and take she hand . malahide you be almost enough , Julia but ... I have to see . I have to know . julia smile indulgently . she nod . julia oh , I quite understand . 74 int . obsession room day tiffany be completely engross in the box . she seem blissfully unaware of the change take place in the room . the crack have widen in the wall and , in some place , piece of plaster have fall away , revealing the slat beneath . Blue light begin to stream into the room , ignore the geography of what should lie beyond its wall . where the light come through the slat , it be as broad beam of light , give contrast by the shadow of the slat . but it also come through the smaller crack and enter the room in intensely bright and very thin beam that criss -cross through the room almost like a laser display . suddenly , tiffany 's solution be complete . the central core of the box rise up and twist itself around into its final position . 75 int . obsession room alcove day malahide take a almost involuntary step backward . his excitement have now reach the pitch where it be beyond obvious physical manifestation . he be perfectly still , he face perfectly impassive . malahide she 's do it . julia she certainly have . malahide it 's come . julia it certainly be . malahide turn away to meet she eye . there be a beat or two where absolutely nothing happen . the mirror explode inwards into the alcove . 76 int . obsession room day the room be fill with smoke and suffuse with blue light . two of the wall simply part physically , revealing entrance into the corridor of Hell . this corridor be line with gray wall and seem to run for a great distance . tiffany still sit cross -legge in the middle of the floor , stare about she in astonishment . surround she , in various part of the room , be the four cenobite from hellraiser . the female cenobite smile and advance towards tiffany . the leader of the cenobite , pinhead raise a hand . pinhead wait . the female stop and look questioningly at pinhead . pinhead , at a more leisurely pace , cross towards tiffany and look down at she . she stare back at he , the remnant of she insanity a temporary defense against fear , she face register nothing . pinhead look up . pinhead no. the female look across at he . cenobite no ? pinhead shake he head . pinhead no. he glance down at tiffany again . pinhead it be not hand that call we ... he look up and stare directly at the shattered two - way mirror . pinhead it be desire . 77 int . obsession room alcove day the wall opposite the shattered mirror have also open up to reveal a way into Hell . malahide and julia be no longer in the alcove . we hear the ringing of they footstep . they be make they way down the corridor . 78 int . obsession room day the four cenobite have go . tiffany look around the room again . she stare from one entrance to the other . her manner be reminiscent of when she be make decision during she solving of puzzle . 79 int . blood - boudoir day kirsty be still on the floor in the boudoir of blood . this room too be now suffuse with blue light and smoke . there be no gateway to Hell in the wall but there be several crack in the plaster and this appear to be spread . kirsty moan and open she eye gingerly . she put a hand to she face , rub at the place where julia hit she . still a little groggy , she lift herself slowly to a sit position , she leg stretch out . only when she have blink a few time , shake she head , and rubbed she jaw again , do full consciousness return - at which point she look quickly about the room ( possibly expect another attack from julia ) and notice the light and the smoke . she have be in this atmosphere before . she know precisely what it mean . her mouth open and she eye grow nervous again . kirsty oh , shit . kirsty scramble quickly to she foot and rush through the door to the stair . 80 int . obsession room day kirsty enter the room just as tiffany be about to go down one of the corridor . kirsty scream at she . kirsty no ! tiffany stop , startle , and look at the doorway and kirsty . kirsty raise she hand in a placatory gesture and speak more softly . kirsty wait . wait . kirsty begin to move into the room slowly and shake she head gently . kirsty hey , remember I ? from the hospital ? I be in the next room ? kirsty be reward with a small recognize smile from tiffany , kirsty return the smile . kirsty you do not want to go down there . you really do not want to go down there . tiffany turn she head once more to look down the corridor and then turn back to kirsty . for a second it look as if kirsty 's persuasion have succeed , but malahide 's training have be too thorough ; tiffany know a puzzle when she see one . she smile once more at kirsty and then suddenly turn and disappear into the corridor . kirsty stand still for a moment , as if she can not quite believe that tiffany have do it . she shake she head - half in disbelief and half in despair . kirsty Jesus Christ . pause only to pick up the lament configuration from where tiffany have leave it on the floor , she head straight for the corridor and follow tiffany in . 81 int . corridor / labyrinth we be look straight down one of the very long corridor of Hell . it have the same architecture as the corridor that appear in the hospital room in hellraiser ; wall of stain gray stone break up by vaguely medieval - look arch . kirsty come into view , walk away from the camera . ahead of she , at a illogically far distance give that she enter the corridor only second before kirsty , be tiffany . kirsty break into a slight run , and call out to the girl . kirsty Tiffany . wait ! her voice have a unpleasant ring in the acoustic of this corridor and echos horribly . kirsty pull a face and do not shout again . she increase she pace slightly . suddenly tiffany make a sharp turn and enter a intersect corridor . kirsty be force to increase she speed even more . kirsty too make the turn into another corridor . even as she do so , she see tiffany disappear again into yet another intersection . kirsty follow and , again , the same thing happen . this happen several time and , always , kirsty never quite lose sight of tiffany but never quite catch up with she either . in short , tiffany 's instinct be absolutely right ; this too be another puzzle . the girl be lose in a concrete maze , full of twist and turn and labyrinthine winding . after enough turn have be make to completely confuse kirsty 's sense of direction , she make a final turn into one corridor and see something different . at the end of this corridor be a blind white light . as soon as kirsty see the light , the air be fill with beautiful birdsong . tiffany disappear into the light as soon as kirsty see it . despite the light , despite the birdsong , kirsty be still suspicious and shout out . kirsty Tiffany ! do not trust it ! do not trust it ! but it be too late . the girl be go . kirsty follow - and vanish into the light . 82 int . corridor / labyrinth julia and malahide be see in the corridor of the labyrinth . malahide 's face be full of delight . he be absolutely the enchant visitor . julia , on the other hand , walk with the brisk assurance of one on familiar territory . the corridor that malahide see be different to kirsty be ; they be grotto-like , dot with stalactite and stalagmite and not immediately unattractive . the wall contain portal of a glass - like substance at random interval that emit bloom light of different color and malahide peer eagerly into several of this . in one , the view be like a aquarium . a alien fish swim past he eye . its body resemble a human brain but it have pincer- like claw . malahide press he hand against the glass as the thing come nearer . suddenly , from within its body , the thing produce a perfect human forearm and hand and meet malahide 's hand on the other side of the glass . malahide start slightly but then keep he hand there . he be turn he head to call julia 's attention to this marvel when the thing suddenly form a fist and begin to beat against the glass with tremendous force . malahide jump back sharply , but the thing shatter the glass and leap out at he . he gasp and run up the corridor , the thing hopping after he on its one hand . as they pass julia , she tut with the slightly exasperate but indulgent tone of a parent or a teacher . she step on the thing , squashing it flat . it emit a horrible death-cry . julia do be careful . 83 int . hell sitting room day White light fill the screen and kirsty step through it into view . instantly the White light contract and disappear . kirsty find herself stand in a beautiful family sit room . the room be bath in the warm light of a perfect summer 's day . the birdsong kirsty hear earlier continue but be , if anything , even more melodic , even more sweet . the room be vaguely edwardian in its decor ; real wood furnishings and decorative porcelain ornament . there be a large wooden dresser , on top of which be many photograph in old - fashioned brass frame . despite herself , kirsty cannot resist a smile of pure pleasure at the appearance of the room . she touch some of the furniture , as if to assure herself it be real . she approach the dresser and pick up one of the large frame photograph . she gasp in pleasure . we see the photograph . it be a family group and look to be have be take ten to twenty year ago . it be of a man , a woman , and a young girl of four or five . the man be clearly larry , albeit a young version , and the little girl have dark , thick , slightly curly hair - just like kirsty be . the woman be beautiful and have similar hair to she daughter . kirsty 's eye prick with tear - but they be clearly tear of happy memory . she smile . kirsty mommy ... kirsty put down the photograph of she family and look around the room again . a troubled look cross she face . despite the aparent summer light in the room , kirsty suddenly realise what it be that be odd . she look from wall to wall with mount distress on she face . there be no window in the room . and no door . at this point , the odd discordant note in the birdsong become apparent . it be nothing too obvious at the moment - the total effect be simply less sweet than it be . kirsty look back at the photograph and snatch it up , with a look of concern . the photograph have change . it be now a wedding photo . the wedding of larry and julia . suddenly the photograph begin to bleed . blood pour from the paper itself , press up and smear against the glass - so that it be momentarily frame blood , without a single trace of the picture show . the blood begin to escape out of the frame , trickle over the lip that hold the glass in place and drip onto kirsty 's finger . with a cry of horror , kirsty drop the frame . it land on the floor and the glass shatter . the blood continue to flow . in fact , now that the glass do not restrain it , it fairly fountain out , spread across the floor . kirsty step back and glance at the dresser . blood be flow from every frame , pool on the dresser and overflow onto the floor . by now , the discordant element in the birdsong be very much predominant and , as kirsty sweep all the frame off the dresser and onto the floor with a scream of anguish , the birdsong give way completely to a hideous , dissonant shriek . kirsty throw she hand to she ear . kirsty nooooo ! she rush at one of the wall and begin beat it with she fist . the wall be soft and pulpy and give slightly as she fist strike , like flabby flesh . kirsty stand back in disgust . the wall visibly bruise before she eye , swell and purpling . the light in the room , like the birdsong , have change utterly . it be not dark , but simply dull , featureless , and depress . kirsty turn away in disgust and find that the whole room have give in to decay . the sofa and chair be mildew and rotten , the wooden furniture be ride with woodworm and rot . a skinned rat run across the room beside the buckle and chip skirt board . a rotten leg give way under a small chest and the bottom drawer spill out , freeing a whole family of quite large spider which run wildly across the floor . suddenly the room begin to fill with smoke , churn up by a ever-increasing intensity of wind . the smoke obscure the screen . 84 int . bare chamber hell the smoke and wind subside but not entirely . kirsty be stand in exactly the same position in a room of exactly the same proportion , but which be completely empty and which have wall of the same gray stone that the corridor do . suddenly , rise up from behind kirsty , come pinhead . pinhead ah , kirsty . and we think we would lose you . kirsty swing round in terror . as the mist continue to clear , she see , advance to join pinhead , the female cenobite and the chatterer . Beyond they , it be now reveal , that this chamber have no fourth wall ; it give directly onto the corridor female cenobite so sweet of you to come back . kirsty begin to work furiously at the BOX she have bring from malahide 's house . it send they away at the end of hellraiser . she obviously hope it will work again . pinhead raise a hand and the box simply fly out of kirsty 's hand and hover in the air between they . kirsty stare , open - mouth . pinhead how can it send we back , child ? we be already here . and so be you . suddenly pinhead work at the box himself - by remote control and with dazzle skill . he turn the box rapidly through position kirsty and we have never see before - even open it out at one stage into a large , two -dimensional square . finally , it close itself down - but in a wholly new shape ; a white , multi-facet , diamond shape - and drop back into kirsty 's hand . he stare at kirsty and make a small gesture with he brow . it be almost cute . if anything , it resemble the cocky , be not - I - clever look steve give kirsty after swallow the cigarette in hellraiser . then he face assume its normal deadly blankness . kirsty shake she head dumbly and begin to back into a corner , hope that if they converge on she , she might just be able to slip around they and get back to the labyrinth . kirsty no! you ... you can not ! it be not I ... I do not do it ! I do not open the box ! female cenobite do not open the box . and what be it last time ? do not know what the box be . and yet we do keep find each other , do not we ? pinhead oh , kirsty ; so eager to play , so reluctant to admit it . female cenobite perhaps you be teasing we . be you teasing we ? to some extent , kirsty 's ploy be work . the cenobite be move closer together as they advance to the corner in which she stand . kirsty but I do not open it ! I do not ! pinhead then why be you here ? kirsty I have come for my father ! kirsty shout this with brave defiance . pinhead laugh in response , a very unattractive sound . pinhead but he 's in he own Hell , child and quite unreachable . suddenly kirsty make she break shouting out as she do so . kirsty I do not believe you ! it seem for a moment she have succeed . she swing around the side of the cenobite and begin to run across the chamber . the cenobite do not move but suddenly , from nowhere a hook fly across the room , attach to a metal chain . the hook bury itself in the wall only inch in front of kirsty 's face , the chain pull tight and barring she path . the wall begin to bleed . kirsty scream . the cenobite turn to face she , but make no attempt to cross the room to she new position . pinhead but it 's true , he be he own Hell . just as you be in yours . kirsty and what about you ? pinhead almost smile at the naivete of the question . pinhead it 's different for we . female cenobite we have always be here . pinhead we have no more surprise . suddenly , as quickly as it come , the hook withdraw from the wall and fly back into nothingness . pinhead put out he hand in a expansive gesture . pinhead but , please ; feel free . explore . we will always be here ... 85 int . corridor kirsty can not quite believe this but she have no intention of question it . she run into the corridor and away , with pinhead 's last word echoing after she . pinhead we have eternity to know you flesh ! delighted cenobite laughter follow she back into the labyrinth . kirsty drop the transformed BOX into she pocket as she begin run through the corridor again . the labyrinth seem tighter now - the corridor short , the turn sharper . corner after corner we see kirsty turn . accompany this tightening , the light in the corridor become gradually murkier - not quite dark , more like the oppressive colourlessness that descend before a thunderstorm break . occasionally there be little hiss noise from the wall themselves , which be accompany by small jet of dull and heavy smoke escape between the brick . over all this , there grow in volume on the soundtrack a rhythmic , labor , resonant sound - a sound somewhere between breathe and machinery . suddenly , as kirsty turn one more corner , a hand reach out to touch she . kirsty throw herself back against the far wall of the corridor , unsure whether to fight or flee . then she face relax . it be tiffany . 86 int . corridor / labyrinth in another corridor within the labyrinth , malahide and julia be walk . they too have find they way into the inner section . they too be in tighter , sharper corridor where the light be distress . they too hear the machine - like breathe noise . and what be reveal behind the portal in the corridor wall be less ambiguous in its unpleasantness ; in one we see chatterer in some Hell 's equivalent of a beauty salon . he be be re-made . this involve the scar tissue be manually peel from the upper part of he face to reveal beneath small , vicious , human eye . malahide 's attitude have begin to change , as well . his nervousness now clearly outweigh he delight . he 's rush on to the next portal . if the last room be a beauty salon , this be the orgy room . but the orgy be very strange . it be a very dark room , fill with a faint layer of smoke . in the background , a bound man be have he chest lick by a kneel woman . she pull she face back for a moment . her tongue be horrifically long and studd with short , sharp blade . the man 's chest be stripped of skin where she have be attend he . his face be a picture of ecstasy . in the foreground , three people be bury up to they waist in the floor . they be naked . the one in the middle be a woman , the other two , man . the one in front of she face she , the one behind have he back to she back . they be all very , close . the man have various hook in they chest , connect by chain to the unseen wall and they face be impassive . the woman be unwounded and she head flick back and forth , as if in the grip of a sexual climax of stun ferocity . the movement of she head keep the detail of she feature blurred until , finally , it turn to give malahide a three - quarter profile and hold its position , its mouth open , its eye half - close in pleasure . it be julia 's face . malahide gasp and pull back from the portal . the camera track back to reveal that julia be still in the corridor , just a few yard in front of he julia come . I have such sight to show you . malahide shake he head crazily from side to side and begin to back away . julia look at he and walk toward he slowly . she smile . she stroke he cheek . she move closer , gently slip she arm around he and molding she body to he . she extend she tongue and lick lightly at he lower lip . he open he mouth and return the kiss , press she body more firmly to he . the kiss become quite passionate . 87 int . corridor / labyrinth kirsty and tiffany be now walk together . kirsty be talk to she as calmly as she sense of urgency will allow . kirsty do you see ? you be right . this be a puzzle , too . but we're caught in the puzzle . kirsty stop walk and catch hold of tiffany 's arm . tiffany stop , look at the hand hold she arm , and then look into kirsty 's eye . kirsty yeah ? tiffany smile directly at kirsty and then return she nod . kirsty yeah ? tiffany nod again , more emphatically . kirsty yeah ! kirsty throw she arm around tiffany and hug she . 88 int . corridor / labyrinth julia be lead malahide down a corridor which have intersection every few yard on both of its side . julia walk past this shadow entrance without pause , without a single sidelong glance . she be clearly confident , clearly back on she own turf . malahide , on the other hand , glance nervously into every one before move on . there be also one last portal he look into . he be gaze into a room where the floor be a vast , seethe pool of maggot . suddenly , something break the surface . it would doubtless scream be its mouth not full of maggot . it be browning . his nightmare have come true ; he skin be produce the maggot in a constant , spew flow from numerous sore that pack he face . malahide turn away and call to julia . malahide enough . God , that 's enough . we have to go back . julia smile at he . julia go back ? what a earth make you think we can go back ? malahide 's jaw drop . malahide I want to go back ! julia sorry , friend . no day trip to Hell . here you be . here you stay . and forward the only way to go . julia turn back and walk a down the corridor . malahide , with a glance back at the maggot pool , turn after the now depart julia . 89 int . corridor / labyrinth kirsty and tiffany be walk warily along a corridor when , suddenly , the corridor wall part with a roar . both girl jump , and tiffany cry out . a new , and very narrow corridor have be reveal . the girl stare down it . it culminate in a door . despite be set in a blank gray stone wall , the door be normal . but frightening - because it be a exact replica of the front door of 55 lodovico STREET , larry 's house . before kirsty can react to this , a voice issue from beyond the door . voice kirsty ! kirsty stop dead in she track . she look at the door and move toward it , walk slowly down the corridor . tiffany follow . kirsty ( very tentatively ) daddy ...? only a low moan come from behind the door . kirsty Tiffany . wait here . if I be not back real soon - get out . get home . leave tiffany in the corridor , kirsty open the door and step in . 90 int . the brother ' room the door that kirsty open give directly on to a room . like the sitting room earlier this appear to be a ordinary room and not a stone wall chamber . it 's wall - paper wall be once white but be now yellow and old . overhead there be a equally ancient four blade wooden fan that turn sluggishly . in the middle of the floor be a small low table of vaguely Eastern design . on this table lie a hand of card , face down , a empty and cloudy tumbler , and a soile ashtray . over by the far wall ( the wall opposite to that contain the door ) there be a mattress on the floor . a body like shape on this mattress be obscure by a heavy blanket that cover it . to the side of the mattress a lattice wooden screen stand , hide whatever be behind it from that enter the room . if the atmosphere of the room remind we of anything it be of the seedy bazaar where frank first buy the lament configuration . we be look at the door as it open inwards and kirsty slowly and nervously walk into the room . kirsty advance into the room . she stare at the mattress ahead of she . above it write in blood on the wall , be the message she see in she vision . I am in hell : help I . kirsty daddy ... a low moan come from the far end of the room . kirsty assume it issue from the figure hide beneath the blanket and walk nearer , lift she arm in readiness to remove the blanket . kirsty daddy . it 's kirsty ... there be no response . kirsty arrive at the mattress and pull the blanket back . she leap backwards , she hand at she mouth stifling a scream . lying on the bed be a husk like figure , vaguely female in shape . despite its appearance of long decay , it be dress in vaguely sexual garment of leather . suddenly , the eye pop open , revealing a vague remnant of life . kirsty oh God . kirsty hurriedly , throw the blanket back over it . a voice issue into the room . it sound like larry but , as we shall see , it be not . voice no. over here . behind the screen . kirsty walk carefully around the screen , give it a wide berth in case of a trick . there be a figure stand against the wall behind the screen . it be deeply shadow by the screen itself but be clearly male . kirsty gulp back a sob and she eye fill with tear . kirsty daddy ... ? the figure lean slowly into the light , speak as he do so . frank that 's it , baby . come to daddy . kirsty stand still . there be a second where she face register nothing . then she scream . kirsty no ! it be she uncle frank , back in he skin and dress in white shirt and jeans . frank chuckle . kirsty back away from he into the room . frank put out he right hand in a placatory gesture . kirsty realise he be not move after she . she also see that he body be curiously angle , the leave side still in the deep shadow cast by the screen . be there something else there ? something she can not quite see ? frank 's voice stop she wonder . frank what 's the matter , kirsty ? it 's only Frank . it 's only uncle Frank . kirsty 's anger at be trick win over she fear and distress and she shout at frank in fury . kirsty I should have know ! I should have know he would not be here ! this place be only for filth like you ! frank sneer . frank oh , right . daddy 's die and go to heaven , eh ? kirsty yes ! frank shit. bull . shit frank pause and smile . then he begin to move more fully into the room , shifting he weight as he do so and drag what be hide into the light . kirsty scream again . frank 's white shirt be cut off at the leave shoulder . his arm be bare and , from the elbow down to the wrist , join to another forearm . the flesh be completely fuse , like that of siamese twin . as frank move into the room , the owner of the other arm be reveal . it be he brother , larry . kirsty 's father . larry , like he brother , be dress in a white shirt ( cut off at one shoulder ) and jeans and , like he brother , have he skin back . his face be freeze into a permanent expression of terror and he seem incapable of any independent movement , simply be pull along by frank . kirsty step back in horror . frank see ? he 's here . you should le to believe you uncle Frank . kirsty no! he shouldn 't be here ! it should 've be a trick ! frank ' rraid not , baby . he belong with I . we be the same . brot. equal and opposite . pure appe pure banality . too much feeli none at all . kirsty 's fear of frank be now outweigh by she argument . kirsty you be full of shit , Frank co my dad be not like that at al he could feel . he could love . love I . kirsty 's voice break . kirsty he ...he love I . frank do not waste you tear . look at he ! her hatred for frank give kirsty she strength kirsty he love I , you bastard ! he love I , he love my mother . he even love that bitch you betrayed he with ! frank begin to move towards kirsty again , larr he . frank ah , Julia . she have not be to see I recently . that 's why it 's so nice to have you here , baby . daddy 's little gi so pretty when she 's upset . C to daddy , frank be very close to she , now . kirsty attempt arn here . hers . tite . no . contempt for he tton . 1 . he back . y drag behind rl. ome 's to run across the room . frank sieze she arm and throw she back against the wall . he move in close and press against she . his voice be midway between arousal and anger . frank now do not be naughty , kirsty . or I will have to punish you first . perhaps you would like that . would you like that ? kirsty scream and stare pleadingly , at the still freeze larry . kirsty daddy ! daddy ! I love you ! help I ! frank I be you daddy now , kirsty . frank lean in to kiss the terrify kirsty . suddenly , a hand appear at frank 's throat and hurl he off kirsty . it be larry , rouse by he daughter 's cry . larry get you fuck hand off my daughter , you bastard ! suddenly , the room , previously full of slow movement and tension , be full of furious , violent action as the fuse brother kick , tear , and punch at each other in a paroxysm of kill hatred . 91 int . the centre of hell malahide and julia be at the end of a corridor . they turn into a open space . a vast open space . it be desert - like in its expanse , almost vanish into infinity at its furthest reach . it be criss -cross by catwalk , on one of which malahide and julia now stand . beside this catwalk , the ground fall away into mile - deep , dark , abyss . above the catwalk , dominate the huge space , be the master of the labyrinth . the master , leviathan , be a monumentally huge , white , multi - facete diamond , spin on its own axis , entirely unsupported by any physical mean , above its territory . apart from its very immensity , the most unsettle thing about leviathan be the beam of black light that shine out from the corner of all its many facet . due to the fast spin , this beam shoot and swoop around the chamber , like a negative laser display of dazzle complexity . the sound that have be in the corridor be now magnify . it be the sound of leviathan 's breath . malahide have walk the last few yard like a man in shock . now a black beam strike he face and image of horror flash before he eye at almost subliminal speed . his face suddenly crumble into a expression of incredulous terror , he make a noise halfway between scream and retching , and drop to he knee by the edge of the catwalk . unfortunately , this allow he to look down into leviathan 's pit . look down with he , we be give a sudden and vertiginously sicken realization of Hell 's immensity . there be a drop of mile visible down the pit and , all the way down , as far as the eye can see , there be other catwalk cut across the pit at various angle . malahide look back up , he scream renew by he sight of the pit . two or three of the beam of black light flit across he face , fill he eye with more subliminal image of horror as they pass ; a child , a knife , and a dead animal ; a naked woman whose private part be make of sharp , oily , metal ; perfect hand end in crumble , leprous finger . suddenly , leviathan stop spin . effortlessly . instantly . two more beam be project at malahide but , as they come within a few yard of he , they become writhe pink limb that fly out , sieze malahide and lift he into the air . he scream out . malahide no! no! Julia ! help I ! malahide be hold in the air as julia reply . julia but you wanted this . you want to see . you want to know . and here it be . the heart of Hell . leviathan . as she say this two of the thing 's facet part to reveal a raw and gape cavity line with angry , sore - look purple flesh directly behind the dangle malahide . the purple and pink wall of this flesh gash peel apart and open in various place to reveal blade , hook and needle at the end of various vestigial limb . the limb hold malahide draw he back inexorably into this cavity . he have one last moment to meet julia 's eye . julia why do you think I be allow to go back ? for you ? no , it want soul . and I bring you . and you want to know . now you be both happy . malahide be now hold within the wall of the gash . he open he mouth for one final scream but one of the tiny needle - top limb fly at he mouth and sew he lip together with heavy blue wire before he can utter it . his eye widen in both agony and horror . julia smile . julia Goodbye , Doctor . it 's be real . the gash heal itself , close malahide within . despite the gash have close over malahide , the leathery flesh that cover that area be a mass of movement , ripple and bump . small rip and gashes appear and disappear on its surface , allow we occasional and partial glimpsis of malahide and what be happen to he . at one stage malahide 's hand and forearm appear . a long deep , run cut have be make down the arm and the flesh peel and fold back , revealing the meat and the muscle beneath . as we watch , two of the tiny operate limb sew the flap of flesh , still fold back , to the rest of the arm , leave the wound open and un-healable . another gash open and malahide 's face be visible . here too the needle be at work , diving into and out of he flesh in a complicated sewing pattern that be finally pull together beneath one ear , leave malahide 's feature permanently pull out of shape and decorate with run stitches of metal wire . again , malahide 's torso appear , naked . two large triangular blade make deep parallel slashes down he chest . two different limb appear but this have sucker - like tip rather than metallic one . they fasten onto the new cut , as if batten . instead they be inject - as become apparent when malahide 's skin turn blue . the blueness , the conscious disfigurement , and the almost decorative open wound should serve to convey that what be happen to malahide be not simply torture ; he be be transformed into a cenobite . julia watch with avid interest . 92 int . brother ' room larry and frank be fight furiously , tumble around the room . larry be fuelle by righteous anger and revenge but frank have have more experience of dirty fight . at one stage they free hand each have hold of the other man by the throat and be roll along one of the wall , each try to establish the dominant grip . they smash violently against one of the wall in the room . it give and they fall through into the next room . 93 int . knife room this be a small square room . with the exception of the doorway to the brother room , every inch of the wall be cover with sharp and deadly - look double - blade knife - ie one blade be bury in the wall up to a central hilt / handle and the other blade jut out menacingly into the room . the two brother tumble into the room . they grip loosen by they fall through the wall , they land on the floor and rise to they foot , stare at each other but take in the vicious nature of the room as well . frank how convenient . kirsty come through and gasp as she see the wall . larry stay there , baby . do not come in . frank yes . stay there . I will be with you in a minute . larry and frank trade blow . frank land a powerful blow to larry 's jaw . it straighten larry up and frank slam the flat of he hand against he brother 's chest . larry fly backwards . he fling out he arm to balance himself but he be nearer to the wall than he think and the impetus of he fall drive he arm onto the knife . larry cry out . frank grin and prepare to force he wounded brother completely onto the knife . suddenly kirsty fly across the room at frank and beat at he back with she fist . frank snarl and , without turn around completely , fling she away from he . kirsty go fly but land just safely short of the deadly wall . larry , in the pause kirsty give he and galvanize by she example , have find more strength . he pull he arm painfully forward , clear of the knife , and throw himself to the side , force frank onto the knife . with a vicious push , larry impale he brother completely . frank howl , loud and long . without pause , larry pull a knife free from the wall and , with one vicious slice , separate himself from he brother . larry rush to kirsty and help she to she foot . they embrace . there be a cry of horror off -camera . we pull out . tiffany have follow she friend . she stare in shock at larry 's wounded arm and at the impale frank . 94 int . the centre of hell julia be be give more glimpsis of the transform malahide . the major surgery seem to be complete . there be no spin blade of needle in sight as the gashes open . malahide 's head be completely bald and he face , like the rest of he skin be blue . the only new sophistication be that he upper and lower eyelid have be stretch wide and staple to he face and forehead , and that a new mouth have be slice into what be he cheek before he feature be pull permanently to one side . over the sound of leviathan 's breath and the cenobite machinery still at work on malahide , frank 's howl be hear . julia 's head turn to the direction of this new sound . julia Frank ... she turn away without a backward glance and move back into the corridor . 95 int . the knife room frank be still impale on the knife , but he anguish howl have become small whimper of complaint ( with , give he history with the cenobite , perhaps the tiniest note of pleasure in there , too ) kirsty , larry and tiffany be now gather together to one side of the room near the door that lead to the corridor . they should leave , but a kind of sick fascination keep they watch frank . frank realise only leverage will pull he free of the knife and lift he forearm up as much as they be free to . he turn he palm to face the knife and , with a growl of self - encouragement , drive they deeply onto the knife so that he can begin to push the rest of he impale body backwards . it take several second and much pain for he to succeed , but succeed he do . he flop backwards into the room . several of the knife have stay in he , rather than the wall - he chest be decorate , or armed , with many blade . just as frank begin to stand , and just as larry and the girl snap out of it and be about to leave , the door from the conveyor belt room open and julia walk into the room . kirsty and larry gasp . frank give a slow smile . julia well , well . all my family together again . how very sweet . frank ( delighted / flatter ) Julia . julia ( flatly ) Frank . frank I know you would come . julia you know ? frank yes . you be a girl who remember she promise . julia oh , I do . I do . frank grin , he grin take in larry , kirsty and tiffany as well as julia . he extend a arm to julia . frank and I know how much I mean to you . come here . julia do not move . frank come here . kiss I . and then ... he glance meaningfully at the other , perhaps stroking a blade of one of the knife in he chest . frank we will have a real family re-union . suddenly , surprisingly , larry laugh . he be genuinely amused . larry Jesus Christ , frank . I do not believe you . you do not know she at all do you ? you still think you be in charge . julia still have not move . frank of course I be . she belong to I . julia begin to cross the room to he . kirsty for God 's sake ! he kill you ! julia do not pause . frank grin . frank she 's forgiven I that . have not you ? julia be now next to he . julia do you really need to ask ? frank laugh . frank show they . julia glance at the knife . frank shrug . frank just a small inconvenience , babe . julia shift position so she be stand behind he . she wrap she arm around he , one stroking he belly , the other across he shoulder . frank lean he head back and twist it slightly . they kiss . julia remove she arm from he stomach and slip it behind he . nothing happen for a second and then , suddenly , frank 's whole body spasm . we almost think it may be with pleasure until he break from the kiss and we see the confuse expression on he face - and the blood bubbling at he mouth . there be a rip , burst sound and julia 's hand emerge from he chest , cover in he blood . clutch in she hand be he rupture , still pump heart . larry Jesus ! out. out ! he shepherd the girl quickly through the door to the corridor . frank 's body begin to twitch . julia hold it tightly . 96 int corridor / labyrinth they reach the end of the corridor . it terminate in a T - junction . tiffany automatically head in one direction . kirsty make to follow , but larry hesitates . larry wait a minute . why be we follow she ? who be this ? kirsty this be Tiffany kirsty shrug . kirsty she 's good at puzzle . larry Fine . they take the turn tiffany have indicate . 97 int the knife room julia still hold frank tight . slowly , she raise the hand which hold he heart until it be in front of he face . frank 's eye be glass over but he can still see . julia nothing personal , babe . without ceremony , she burst the heart with one quick squeeze . 100 int the centre of hell larry , kirsty and tiffany come run toward the camera . initially oblivious to the fact that the corridor they be run along have widen and the wall retreat . suddenly , they come to a stunne halt together , stare ahead of they with awestruck face . kirsty oh. my. god. the camera move around they to take in what they see . they be of course in the central chamber of leviathan . leviathan be spin again , the black beam fly around the chamber . tiffany scream . kirsty grab she . kirsty Tiffany , listen . you have solve it . but we have get to solve it the other way . see ? see ? we have get to get out . tiffany be freeze . larry come on ! leviathan spin , the beam fly . kirsty please ! Tiffany , please ! get we out ! take we home , please ! tiffany nod . they be just about to leave when leviathan stop spin . a large beam fly down , carry a object which land on the catwalk before the human , who all take a step or two backwards . the beam withdraw . the object at first resemble a large and bloody plastic bag , but then internal movement begin to rip at this cover . hand appear out of the rip and complete the removal . we realise that the bag-like thing be a kind of caul , a membranous after-birth that some creature produce they young in . the thing inside complete its escape and stand clear of the shred caul . like a new-born child , it be stain and soile with amiotic fluid and blood . but it be not a new bear child . it be a new cenobite . and it use to be malahide . the transformation we catch glimpsis of be now complete . its skin be entirely blue , its head entirely bald . the decorative wound and torture we see be apply be all present ; its flesh be peel back in various place , its feature be thread and distort by , wire , its eyelid be staple open . for a second it stand and regards the human before it . tiffany gasp in recognition . kirsty too know what it be . kirsty malahide for some reason , kirsty draw from she pocket the photo she take from the obsession room . she stare at it . kirsty Jesus Christ ! of course the malahide cenobite stretch its arm and flexe its finger . malahide and to think I hesitate it look at the human again , its gaze finally settling on the still shocked tiffany . malahide Tiffany . come . I have a whole new world of puzzle for you to enjoy it reach out its hand to she . malahide a whole new world of pleasure for you to endure . tiffany , confuse and use to obey she doctor 's voice , tentatively stretch out she arm to meet the malahide cenobite 's . larry suddenly walk between tiffany and malahide . the expression on he face be strange ; it be not fear , nor defiance . it be simpler than that . he be really , really piss off . larry no. I have have enough of this shit . who the hell be you ? kirsty it 's larry wave a hand at she , but keep he eye on malahide . larry never mind . never mind . he point a finger at malahide 's face , which be attempt a version of pinhead 's impose glacial star , but frankly , be not quite make it . larry fuck you and the horse you ride in on . suddenly , he form a fist with he unwounded arm and smashes it straight into malahide 's face . malahide be completely deck . larry grab tiffany by the shoulder and speak urgently to she . larry o.k . you have do it before . you can do it again . get US out of here ! the three of they run back up the catwalk . leviathan spin wildly and a myriad of black beam flow from it . as they shine into the catwalk they become limb like that that capture malahide , but all with different tip ; some be organic , vicious mouth , some be hook or blade , some be face , some be ( as if leviathan be too angry to be think straight ) beautiful flower . the limb fly up the catwalk , but the human have gain too great a start . the limb retract rapidly into the black light . malahide stagger to he foot , just as leviathan re-direct its energy into form and project one much fatter limb . it be dirty pink and segment , like a vast earthworm . the end peel back as it fly toward malahide , revealing a cruel , metallic , and rapidly - spin surgical see . just as malahide stand up straight , the limb smashes into the back of he skull . there be a distress whirring noise as the limb seal itself fleshily to malahide 's skull and the former surgeon twitches and dance in horrible involuntary movement as leviathan take over what little mind remain . 101 int corridor / labyrinth kirsty , tiffany and larry be run , tiffany make the decision as to direction . down one corridor , blade and knife jut out from the opposite wall at random interval and they have to weave at high speed between they . they negotiate the corridor successfully but , just as kirsty , bring up the rear , emerge from it , she stumble and half - fall . the re-structure BOX fall from she pocket and roll back a few foot up the corridor . tiffany , who be nearest to she , help she to she foot and , as she do so , catch sight of the BOX ( or white diamond , as it be now ) . she make as it to go and get it . kirsty hold she arm . kirsty no. come on . we have to get out of here . tiffany move away with kirsty , but not without a backward glance and a puzzle expression . they all make another turn . suddenly , when they be about halfway down this next corridor , a new gap open up behind they in the wall and a terrible suck noise be hear . corridor debris disappear into the vacuum . luckily , larry have reach the end of the corridor and grasp the corner with one hand , seize kirsty 's hand with the other . kirsty grab tiffany and the three of they flatten themselves against the wall , fight against the suction . the force be tremendous and larry 's finger be slowly lose hold . 102 int . corridor / labyrinth close up on a hand pick up the re-structure BOX from the corridor floor they have just leave . 103 int . corridor / labyrinth the suck force be grow stronger by the second . not only be larry 's right hand lose its grip on the edge of the wall , but he leave arm - stretch tight as it cling to kirsty and , via she , tiffany - be bleed profusely again . suddenly , julia appear at the top of the corridor next to larry . in she hand be the white diamond BOX that kirsty have let drop . she stay just out of range of the suck wind . she stare at larry 's weaken finger and smile . julia oh , poor Larry . you never could hold on to anything for very long , could you ? suddenly , audaciously , he face set in a scowl of anger , larry let go of the wall . before she realise what be happen , he have grab julia 's wrist and pull she off she foot into the corridor . he let go almost immediately and with a superhuman effort grab at the corner again before the wind can claim he and the girl . julia be not so lucky ; without support or foothold , she be seize by the wind and hurtle to the gap in the wall . she manage to brake herself by fling she arm out to either side of she . for a moment she be hold there and then the pressure begin to draw she in . in she leave hand she still hold the BOX , but she right hand be only a few inch from tiffany 's leave . tiffany reach she hand to she , not know julia as the other do . they finger just manage to interlock when julia 's face register a disbely shock . there be a terrible rip sound . julia 's new skin , so recently gain , be give up its hold and have rip right up the spine . julia be draw from it . julia noo00000000 ! with a final , slurping sound , the skinned woman slip from the skin and disappear down the new corridor . the momentary break in tension allow larry to make one last effort . he round the corner and pull the girl after he . tiffany , finally , realise what have happen , scream in terror and disgust , especially when she look at what she have bring round the corner in she hand . she drop julia 's skin to the floor as the three of they scramble to they foot and begin to run again . still clutch in the skin 's hollow finger be the white diamond BOX . as they turn another corner , they see , very far in the distance , a glimmer of light . tiffany point excitedly . kirsty my God , it 's she room ! larry let 's go ! he start urging the girl down the corridor - a long and very narrow one - but kirsty show some resistance . kirsty no . no , there 's something wrong ... before they can discuss it , a new rush sound be hear . they look back . hurtling towards they be the engineer from hellraiser . tiffany scream . larry jesus. 0.k. no more argument . just run ! they begin one last panic-fuelled run down the narrow corridor , the engineer at they heel . the sequence be equivalent to kirsty 's pursuit by the engineer in hellraiser , the twist here be that as they approach the entrance into tiffany 's room the wall of the corridor , already thin , begin to close together . larry be bring up the rear ( the corridor be now so narrow only single file be possible ) and he can almost feel the engineer be breath on he neck . larry go. go. go. go. go !! finally , almost impossibly , they reach the gap in the wall . tiffany tumble through , then kirsty , and finally larry . less than a micro-second after larry have make it , the wall seal themselves . 104 int . tiffany's room ( 2nd version ) day as we see clearly the room they have come into , we perhaps share the feel that kirsty express in the corridor ; something be wrong . the tile that make up the floor be pattern as before but the individual tile be larger . the room itself seem more spacious , the ceiling higher . there be a bowl of flower by the window . the flower be in full bloom before they trip to Hell but now they seem long dead . the audience have to notice most of this for themselves because larry , kirsty , and tiffany be too relieved by , and tired from , they escape to take this in immediately . larry seat himself in the chair , kirsty perches on the end of tiffany 's bed . tiffany however walk straight across to she window . she be the first to notice anything . she stare at the flower . kirsty Tiffany ... ? kirsty rise from the bed and join tiffany by the window . kirsty but this be ... daddy ? larry rise to he foot . just as he stand , a fleeting expression of bewilderment cross he face . he stroke at he right arm with a unconscious gesture as he cross the room . kirsty do not look at she father right away . kirsty this flower . I see they just ... she look at she father . a sea of sweat have break out on he brow and face as he stare intensely at the flower . kirsty 's voice slow , begin to trail off . kirsty ... the day ... before ... yesterday daddy ? daddy ! larry 's eye close . his entire face screw up as if a excruciate pain just hit he . he clamp he arm across he chest , the hand clutching he shoulder . he open he eye and look at kirsty for a second , he expression one of surprise . then he eye roll up into the socket and he collapse to the floor . tiffany have hardly have time to turn from the bowl of flower before kirsty be kneel by she father . kirsty daddy ! larry be unconscious . tiffany gasp . kirsty look up at she . kirsty get help . tiffany 's eye widen . she rush to the door and disappear into the corridor . within two second we hear a emergency alarm go off and tiffany re-enter the room . kirsty pass I a pillow . tiffany do so and kirsty place it under the head of larry , whose lip be now blue and who be breathe very shallowly . kirsty look up at tiffany , despair in she eye . kirsty what do you do ? I just do not know what to do . tiffany shake she head helplessly . suddenly , the door to the room fly open and two intern - maybe Stan and Ollie from the carnival sequence - come in , complete with stretcher and gurney . they assess the situation with a glance and it be serious enough to make one of they break they professional silence . intern coronary arrest . let 's be quick . they be good at they job - within second larry be secure on the gurney and they head for the door , kirsty and tiffany behind they . the follow exchange be speak on the move . kirsty be he go to be 0.k.? intern we just can not say . o.r. 's on standby . they will do what they can . kirsty but it 's bad ? the intern exchange a glance and decide honesty be best . intern ( gently but flatly ) yeah . it 's bad . 105 int . elevator day the elevator be uncomfortably full , kirsty and tiffany squash up against the back while the intern hold the gurney in the centre . the elevator be descend . the ride seem to take longer than it should , even though they be go to basement level ; like the look of tiffany 's room , it 's almost normal but just different enough to make we slightly uneasy in a un-focuse way . eventually , though , it do come to a stop . tiffany squeeze kirsty 's shoulder sympathetically ( note . re : tiffany 's character - it should be clear to the audience by this stage that , though she be still mute , tiffany be now a responsive , more round character ) the intern wheel the gurney out of the elevator and the girl follow . 106 int . basement corridor day the basement corridor be long , cavernous , and not very pleasant . it have a grimier , more uncare - for look than the upper floor and the high ceiling be cover with a intricate system of naked pipe and conduit . the intern wheel larry down this corridor , go so fast that kirsty and tiffany be continually break into a trot to keep up with they . at the far and of the corridor be a set of double door . the nearer they all get to this door , the tackier the corridor seem to become . the wall now have pipe run over they , as well as the ceiling , and several of this pipe be drip water into small pool on the corridor floor . the sound of this drip be artificially loud on the soundtrack . finally , the door be reach and the intern , larry , kirsty and tiffany disappear through they . 107 int . pre - op room day this be a small ante-room to the operate room which be beyond a further set of double door . without ceremony the two intern pass straight across this room to that door and wheel the gurney through , one of they throw back a parting remark to kirsty . intern wait out here . a doctor will talk to you when we know more . the double door part and close , give just a glimpse of the operate room beyond , all light , monitor and whirring machinery , and the several gown and mask expert attend to larry . as the door close , kirsty turn to tiffany , expect a long wait before anyone come to speak to they . surprisingly , though , the door open again almost immediately and two figure step through . they , too , be mask and gown in surgical green and very little of they be visible . kirsty be he go to be all right ? 1st gowned figure ( matter of factly ) no . he 's not go to be all right . kirsty stagger visibly , shocked by this bluntness . kirsty wh ... 1st gowned figure no . he 's go to die . he 's get a rupture aorta . he 's go to die in agony . as he make this speech , the mask of he colleague stain rapidly with blood , as if it be literally pour from its mouth . simultaneously , he own mask be slowly pierce by a score of nail burst through from beneath . tiffany scream . the 1st gowned figure pull the mask and cap away from its face - it be pinhead . his colleague do the same . it be the female cenobite . kirsty oh , fuck . she 's have too much experience with this two to hesitate . she grab tiffany 's arm and burst through the double door to the corridor . 108 int . basement corridor day we be now look along the corridor in the other direction - back towards the elevator . kirsty and tiffany come into shot , run rapidly along the corridor . as they make they way , a rumbling , flatulent sound be hear from the overhead pipe and they all begin to drip blood not water . we hear the sound of the door fly open behind they . kirsty and tiffany reach the elevator . kirsty press frantically on the call button , while tiffany look behind they with frighten eye . kirsty c'mon . c'mon ! the sound of steadily - pace , purposeful foot be hear come up the corridor , get louder , come closer . kirsty begin hammer on the close elevator door . tiffany stifles a cry with she hand . kirsty come on !! suddenly , the door fly open . kirsty and tiffany tumble into the elevator . 109 int . basement corridor day ( girl ' p.o.v . ) we see the door-frame of the elevator and the floor button beside it and , look down the corridor through the open elevator door , pinhead and the female cenobite march towards we . we also see kirsty be finger jabbing frantically at the floor button . the door be not close . the cenobite be get very close . finally , just as pinhead break from he determine but medium - pace stride and speed up eagerly for the last two or three yard , extend he arm as he do so , the door slam shut across we vision and we hear the elevator machinery start up . 110 int . elevator day kirsty lean against the back wall of the elevator , breathe heavily . tiffany stand very still in the middle , a freeze expression of fear on she face . kirsty faster , you bastard , faster ! she slam she fist against the elevator wall . the elevator stop . its light flicker . kirsty oh , Jesus . I be sorry . I be sorry . I do not mean it . the elevator start again . kirsty it 's 0.k . they can not beat a elevator . not upstairs . it will be o.k . the lift stop , but this time it 's where they want it . kirsty 's finger hesitates over the door OPEN button . kirsty it will be o.k. she press the button . 111 int . hospital corridor day ( girl p.o.v . ) we be look at the close elevator door . when it open we will be look down the corridor on the main hospital floor - the floor with the girl ' room on . the door fly open . chatterer ii lunge in at they . kirsty scream , but because of the eagerness of he lunge they be able to get around he as he impetus carry he to the back of the elevator . 112 int . hospital corridor day the door begin to close as the girl straighten up in the corridor and as chatterer ii turn around to come back out at they . he try to put he hand out to stop the door close , but succeed only in trapping he finger in the door . kirsty , as soon as the door begin to close , have hit the down button . now , she squeal with horror as she realise what be about to happen . the elevator begin to descend - we can tell this because chatterer ii 's finger move down to the floor and be then slice off . the girl run off down the corridor . kirsty this way . short cut . they turn into a set of double door lead to a large ward . 113 int . large ward day kirsty and tiffany enter the ward at a run and then slow down to a confuse and horrify walk . every bed in the ward be occupy , some by man , some by woman , and every patient have in they hand , and be busily work on , a lament configuration . despite this collective work - in , the box obviously still have the vicious characteristic they have previously demonstrate when use individually - as be witness by the ten or so patient who be struggle on with they work despite have one or two hook and chain connect they flesh to they BOX . kirsty and tiffany move slowly down the room , a look of incredulity on both they face . kirsty oh , Christ . this be not just personal anymore . tiffany nod slowly , she eye flick back and forth across the ward . suddenly , the wheelchair patient from the earlier scene in this ward , who have be between two of the bed on one side of the ward , cut across the girl ' path . he too have a BOX on he lap . as he pass in front of they , he look at they , giggle in a unmistakably insane fashion , and give they a conspiratorial wink . then he simply proceed to the other side of the ward . a second or so after this , as the girl edge down the middle of the room , they hear a rush sound behind the double door they be head towards . suddenly , the door slam open and reveal in the doorway be malahide . but he be not stand there . he be hover about two foot off the floor . the umbilical limb that connect he to leviathan be still at the back of he skull . his face be contort in a grin of manic glee as he float three or four foot into the ward . malahide the Doctor be in ! he laugh , and the sound be far from human . kirsty and tiffany stare at he . tiffany oh , shit . kirsty look sharply at tiffany for a second , as if she be about to comment on she re-found voice , but instead simply nod . she take she friend 's hand and the girl begin to walk very slowly backwards to the far end of the ward . malahide be too enrapture of he new power to pay attention to specific victim and so make no move to stop the girl ' slow retreat . suddenly he palm erupt into a writhe mass of tentacle - like limb as he head tip back to emit a wide band of leviathan 's black light at the ceiling , accompany by , renew inhuman laughter . take this as they cue , the girl turn and bolt for the door at the far and of the ward and exit through they . the limb extrude from malahide 's palm only twelve inch or so and be all quite thin , but they all have independent movement and they all have various surgical - like , gleam tip . malahide float over to the nearest bed . he look at the patient and then look at the blade tip of he new limb and , as if address they , speak . malahide I recommend amputation . there be another burst of laughter as the limb fly at the patient , writhe , twitching , slashing , and slice . 114 int . hospital corridor day the girl run wildly along the corridor , not know malahide be work he way through he former patient . they come to another door and pause . they look back down the corridor to ensure they be not visible as they hide and kirsty push the door open with the flat of she hand behind she . carefully , still look down the corridor , they back into the room and let the door close . 115 int . hospital / torture room day close up on the girl ' face as the door close in front of they . kirsty let out a breath . then they hear the rattling sound behind they . they swing round and the camera pull out to take in the room . it be like the torture room in hellraiser . the wall be black , the floor slimy , and the room fill with chain , hook , and torture - pillar . and , in the room and stare at the girl , be the four cenobite . pinhead glance theatrically around the room , as if check something . pinhead oh. no box . such a shame . female cenobite no more delay , kirsty . no more teasing . time to play . pinhead time to play . kirsty look at he unforgive face and then she eye suddenly widen as she think of something . kirsty wait ! pinhead no more deal , kirsty . it 's you flesh we want to experience , not you skill at bargain . kirsty no deal ! just information . information . free of charge . no string . just information . pinhead go on . but trick we again , child , and you suffer will be legendary even in Hell . carefully , make no fast movement , kirsty reach into she pocket where she place the photograph from malahide 's obsession room . she bring out the picture that she realize earlier be of pinhead and hand it to he . he take hold of it and look , he face register nothing . pinhead what be this ? someone else you think escape we , like Frank ? kirsty no , no , this one do not escape . you tell I you would always be in Hell . you be wrong . look at it . look . it be you . pinhead nonsense , I ... kirsty it 's you ! you haven 't always be as you be . you be human . remember . remember all you confusion . think ! the female cenobite stride across the room . female cenobite enough ! she raise she hand towards kirsty . pinhead 's arm fly out and stop she . pinhead wait ! he be stare at the photograph , that great immobile brow finally pucker , as if something be stir . pinhead remember . kirsty you be all human ! the other three cenobite stop move and stare at kirsty . any advance they be make on kirsty or tiffany stop as the same dim , distant , recollection begin to stir within they . suddenly , the door burst open . malahide be there , still float , he voice still a mixture of hideous threat and insane joy . malahide Tiffany . come . he turn he palm downward , mirrore he gesture in the hall of mirror . tiffany let out a moan of terror and shake she head . one of the snake- like limb from malahide 's palm fly towards tiffany 's face . before anybody can react , its scalpel tip have slice a inch or so off several strand of she hair . malahide Tiffany . come . kirsty throw she arm around the cower tiffany and snarl at she tormentor . kirsty leave she alone , you asshole ! malahide make no reply , but suddenly several more limb fly towards the girl and begin to weave in front of kirsty 's face like snake await they moment . at this stage , the camera cut to the watch pinhead . he let the photograph of he past life flutter to the floor . malahide look up at the tiny noise this make and he eye meet pinhead be . he turn more fully to face pinhead and the other cenobite who be now stand with they leader , and a strange smile cross he face malahide oh , good . a fight . suddenly , the air be full of fly chain . malahide be hook everywhere . it be like a high -speed version of frank 's final be - capture in hellraiser . the chain start tug almost instantly . be malahide about to be rip apart ? with contemptuous , dismissive speed , the limb that ooze from malahide 's palm have slice the chain to piece and , almost before we have time to realise that , three of they have lengthen , thicken , and harden and have skewer the female cenobite , chatterer ii , and butterball to the wall . the three limb detatch themselves from malahide . the three cenobite be all well above the floor , pin and twitching like the rat in frank 's attic . as they die , they suddenly revert ; there be three human corpse on the wall of the room . a woman , a fat man , and a little boy . malahide smile . be look at pinhead again and advance . suddenly a heavy torture pillar smashes into he , knock he slightly off - balance . pinhead be back across the room , weaving pillar in front of he as he move . malahide move forward , knock they out of the way . as each pillar be knock aside , pinhead 's face be more and more human . finally , when the face we see be nearly that of the english officer from the open , he turn he head slightly away from the advance malahide and find kirsty 's eye . a look pass between they . understand ? gratitude ? friendship ? whatever emotion lie beneath it , it be clearly a cue and kirsty and tiffany make a break for it , burst through the door . simultaneously to this , malahide and pinhead find each other 's eye a final time . for a second , everything be still then a single blade limb fly across the space between they and neatly and calmly slice pinhead 's throat open . the thin red line become a torrent of blood and the former lord of Hell fall dead at the foot of he successor . 116 int . hospital corridor day kirsty and tiffany burst out into the corridor and almost fall over the patient in the wheelchair . patient so what , girl ? it 's o.k. for a ego - trip but it do not get the job do . shake they head at the insanity , they run up the corridor . tiffany look slightly distract and when she speak it be half to herself . tiffany I have to go back . or it will never stop . kirsty ( confused ) what be you talk ... tiffany ( to herself ) I have get to finish it . kirsty finish what ? even as kirsty say this , tiffany have move past she and be resume she run down the corridor . kirsty Tiffany ! wait ! kirsty start after she friend . they turn back into the main section of the corridor that contain they own room , tiffany still four or five yard in front of kirsty . tiffany reach she room . the door be open . she go in . a second later , kirsty follow . 117 int . tiffany's room day kirsty enter the room . it be as we last see it except that the wall have re-part to give onto the corridor of Hell . carefully and slowly , kirsty move across to the entrance and look down it . she be reward with the sight of tiffany just disappear at the far end of the first corridor . with a grimace , kirsty follow she in . 118 int . corridor / labyrinth tiffany 's skill at find she way through puzzle mean the girl be soon in the murkier corridor close to the Centre . Hell seem angrier now , steam be issue in jet from the corridor wall , the cry of child be hear faintly on the soundtrack , leviathan 's breathe be more dominant , perhaps the light be even pulsing in time with it . kirsty be still several yard behind tiffany . tiffany take a corner and be out of sight for a second or so . kirsty dash around the corner to find tiffany stare with distress at something on the floor . it be the skin rip off julia by the vacuum tunnel earlier . kirsty oh , gross . tiffany bend down and retrieve the white diamond BOX from the empty finger . kirsty what be you do ? what be we do ? tiffany look at the BOX in she hand . when she speak , it be not to kirsty but to herself . tiffany I can not do it here . I have to go to it . 119 int . the centre of hell leviathan spin and fire light in the centre , he machine - like breathe drown all other sound . we be look down the catwalk as kirsty and tiffany approach its edge . the beam of black light wash across they face , as they pass over malahide 's in the earlier scene . image of horror freeze momentarily before they and then pass on , only to be replace by other . tiffany I be scared . kirsty no . do not let it . you have come this far . the girl press on . whether leviathan be oblivious to they presence or simply do not consider they a threat , the beam stop strike the girl ' face . nevertheless , the mood remain ominous . the audience should feel something be about to happen . they be six foot from the lip of the catwalk . tiffany kneel and , hold the white diamond BOX in front of she , begin to move she finger over it . the music box tune begin to play as the BOX begin to move . that ' something ' that the audience be wait to happen , suddenly do ; malahide fly up from the abyss beside the catwalk . the vastness of the limb that seal he to leviathan be now directly apparent ; instead of merge into black light , the limb itself trail through the air over the huge distance to leviathan itself . one of the limb from malahide 's palm fly out and knock the BOX from tiffany 's hand . it roll perilously close to the edge of the catwalk . kirsty grab tiffany and , drag she to she foot , pull she further back down the catwalk as malahide float to a landing between they and the BOX . malahide ah , girl . and how be we feel today ? the blade on the end of he limb twitch eagerly . malahide you have you whole life behind you now . the limb fly forward . kirsty scream and both girl run up the catwalk . about halfway back up , however , tiffany stop , turn around , and begin to walk back . kirsty call out . kirsty Tiffany ! no ! the camera stay with tiffany as she make she way back . kirsty 's voice stay on the soundtrack for a time , implore she friend to turn back and then simply stop . this should be abrupt enough to make the audience notice but smooth enough to avoid they attention leave tiffany . malahide wait , happy to see a patient so keen on the knife . very slowly , tiffany move forward , inch by slow inch . this be something she have to do ; the expression on she face be not determination but terror . and malahide be very happy to encourage this . malahide surgery be open , Tiffany . what be today 's agenda ? his scalpel flick in the air , make small slice motion . malahide ah , yes . evisceration . still tiffany come forward , closer and closer until she be surely close enough to be grab . suddenly , she be grab . but from behind , and by a human hand . tiffany gasp , and turn to see who have seize she . she scream . it be julia . the limb retract into malahide 's palm . he smile . julia Doctor . I have miss you . julia , have presumably just replace she skin , be not quite as perfect as before ; there be bloody line like scar beneath she ear and chin as if the skin require some adjustment before be put on . julia move forward , she leave arm still hold tiffany , she smile return malahide be . malahide I know you would come back . julia I be a girl who keep she promise . julia be right next to malahide now . smoothly , she release she grip on tiffany and embrace malahide sensuously . he return the embrace . they kiss . unseen , tiffany move to the edge of the catwalk and pick up the BOX . her finger move over it , find its solution . suddenly , leviathan 's breath become a roar of anger and fear . malahide break away from he kiss , he face a mixture of confusion and rage . julia plant both hand in the middle of he chest and push . he fall over the lip of the catwalk but , almost before he drop from sight , he be suddenly pull backwards through the air , scream , as leviathan 's limb retract . julia jump back . shouting . julia do it , Tiffany ! do it ! tiffany 's finger fly over the BOX and suddenly we see what be happen . the mountain - like leviathan be follow the movement of the small replica in tiffany 's hand . as tiffany invert the new configuration back towards a close BOX , leviathan too be be twisted and turn . be close . the whole centre of Hell shake as if suffer a mild earthquake . julia and tiffany almost lose they foot , but tiffany continue work . she be nearly , there . leviathan be halfway between its white diamond , majesty and a huge close BOX . tiffany take she hand from the BOX . it be do . the larger BOX operate a few second behind it 's control , so that we can inter - cut the final slide and creak into position with the follow human drama ; as leviathan make its final close , the mild tremor of before become larger . Hell shake violently and this time tiffany do lose she foot . she look set to tumble into the vast abyss to the side of the catwalk but just manage to catch hold of the edge with one hand . the small BOX fly from she hand and hurtle down into the mile of blackness below . tiffany dangle over the edge , she foot kick wildly for a foothold that do not exist . suddenly , a hand extend to she . she look up . it be julia . for a second , nothing happen . julia trust I . tiffany lift one hand off the edge and grab at julia 's proffer wrist . julia begin to pull up and for a moment it seem the crisis be over . then a terrible and familiar rip noise be hear : the skin of the arm that tiffany cling to begin to rip free at the shoulder . gradually , like a shirt 's thread unravel , it come off . tiffany 's weight pull it clear like a very long and very tasteless evening glove and it seem she will finally make the long drop . at the final second , as the arm-skin come off , the entire skin fly from the body and fall with its arm into the abyss . tiffany scream . she be go to die . but suddenly the two arm that have just lose they skin fly out again and catch she finger . tiffany be haul over the edge and stagger to she foot , stare into the-bloodied face of kirsty , who have don julia 's skin to help she friend . the two girl share a quick and joyous embrace and then run rapidly up the catwalk . the camera stay with leviathan . the rumbling stop . and the mountainous BOX creak into its final , seal position . fade out fade in 120 int . recovery room day close up on a bowl of beautiful flower , sit on a shelf in the recovery room . the camera track out to let we see larry , pale , draw , but basically okay , in the room 's single bad . he be wire up to various drip and monitor . sunlight be flooding into the room from a window and the camera continue its track up to and through this window to ; 121 ext . hospital MAIN entrance day kirsty be kissing tiffany on the cheek . tiffany be dress in smart clothes and have a small travel bag in she hand . kirsty so . what be you go to do ? open up a game - shop somewhere ? sell jigsaw puzzle ? tiffany give a smile . tiffany oh , yeah . there be a slightly awkward pause . kirsty well ... g'bye . tiffany it 's be Hell . they share a rueful know smile , like the smile of soldier back from a war who say goodbye on a dockside and know they will never meet again . tiffany turn and walk down the long path to the hospital gate . kirsty watch she for a few moment and then turn and re-enter the institute . the camera track back to the window of the recovery room and we watch through the window as kirsty enter the room . she bend to kiss she father 's cheek . larry slip a arm around she shoulder and they embrace . the camera move away again . 122 int . hallway malahide 's house day the camera track slowly up malahide 's hallway . the hallway be line with pack case fill with item from the house . a workman be shove something into one of the case . as the camera move past he , he speak . workman so whose be all this shit ? the camera reach the doorway of the obsession room as a answer voice be hear . 2nd . workman not we problem ... the track continue into - 123 int . obsession room day and we see the 2nd . workman . he be crouching over the mattress which be still in the middle of the floor of the otherwise empty room . 2nd . workman gimme a hand with this . almost faster than the eye can register it , a hand shoot out from the mattress and grab he wrist . he have about half a second to issue a strangle shout and then , hideously quickly , a matter of two second or so , he body be drain of all life and the dry husk collapse to the floor . the first workman appear hurriedly in the doorway and then freeze , a awestruck expression on he face . julia be rise , headfirst and upright , from the centre of the mattress . the movement be smooth , magical , unsettle . it be graceful but not slow . julia be fully flesh , fully skinned , and fully dress . she be in a replica of the dress malahide buy for she , but this one be jet black . she look fabulous . as the workman stand open -mouthed , she foot clear the mattress . but they do not stop there . she slow to a graceful halt about six inch above the mattress . she stretch and flexe she arm sensually . than she head swivel and she excited , arouse eye meet that of the workman . julia I be Julia . Love I . suddenly , she head tip back and , accompany by julia 's delighted laughter , a wide beam of Hell 's black light fly at the ceiling from she open mouth . instantaneously , it spill across the ceiling and fall , like a fountain of blood , across the screen . complete blackness . the credit roll