hellraiser a screenplay by clive barker paragan Film production Ltd ( C ) clive barker 28.7.86 115 flood Street , London . sw3 01-352-4195 1 title sequence in darkness , a blood -curdle cacophony : the squeal of unoile winch , the rasp of hook and razor be sharpen ; and worse , the howl of torment soul . above this din one particular victim yell for mercy - a mixture of tear and roar of rage . by degree he incoherent plea be drown out by the surround tumult , until without warning he voice pierce the confusion afresh - this time reduce to naked scream . and with the sound , a image . a house : number 55 , lodovico STREET , a old , three storey , late victorian house , with gaunt tree lining its overgrown garden . its curtain be draw , there be newspaper over its top window . the title begin to run , as we approach the house down the driveway . we move inside , to the hallway . the cry be louder now . room by room , we explore the empty house , while the title continue to run . it have be leave empty for many year , though much of its furniture remain , cover in dust - sheet . on the mantelpiece of one room , a plaster saint . in the kitchen , evidence of life here . open tin ; bread ; bottle of spirit ; a glass . we move upstairs , glide along the corridor of the lower landing . the din be furious now . on the floor of one room , a makeshift bed : blanket strewn ; a open suitcase ; more liquor . we move up a flight and approach a room off the upper landing , the door of which be ajar . the light within swing backwards and forward , spilling into the passageway . as we reach the door , the scream from within halt abruptly . we can hear a bell now , which have be peal steadily throughout this open sequence . as we move through the door , the title end . 2 int . torture room night the bare bulb in the room we have enter swing violently , disorient we . there be chain - dozen of they - disappear with the darkness of the ceiling : all be swinging back and forth . some end in hook , with piece of skin and sinew adhere ; some be serrate , other simply drip blood . the bell toll on . on the blood -spatter floor , a box , some six inch square , which resemble a elaborate chinese puzzle box . later , we will learn its name and function . it 's call the lament configuration , and it 's a way to raise Hell . literally . for now , it remain a enigma . a hand , its flesh systematically pierce with needle , reach down and pick the box up . in close up we see just what a elaborate construction it be , make up of slide panel and mysterious chamber . it be open at present , its polished innard expose . out of it , a banal melody , play on a hide mechanism . the hand , which belong to one of the demon - a cenobite - move over the box . cenobite ( unseen ) it 's over ... delicately , the hand begin to reconstruct the box , slide the well - oile part back into place , the tune simplify with each manoeuvre . the room be get darker . the chain be disappear into the gloom . we see tantalize glimpsis of other figure , turn from the light and fade into the darkness . we catch sight of monstrous face , but only for the briefest of moment . then they be go . the box be almost return to its unopen condition . the last sound to fade be the tune from the box , and the bell . it toll on as the final panel of the box be sly into place . the light stop swinging . the panel click . the tune stop . at last , a long shot of the room . at the far end the window be cover with yellow newspaper . there be dust settling through the air . otherwise it be empty . the bell fade . it 's as if nothing ever happen here . except ... somewhere , very quietly , a creak that could be the sound of floorboard , or the low , agonize gasp of a thing barely alive . 3 int . hallway day the wind be blaring as we watch the door of number 55 . from the doorstep , voice . one be that of larry cotton , the other he wife julia . clearly larry be attempt to get inside . we hear the sound of key try in the lock . larry it 's one of this . julia we be go to freeze to death . larry 0.k. 0.k. the sound of another key try in the lock . julia maybe somebody change the lock . larry ( slightly irritate ) like who ? julia just a think - larry ah ! the key be turn . larry success . the door swing open . voila ! we see the pair on the doorstep . larry be a american in he early forty , a attractive man who have lose he edge in recent year . he look harass ; he smirk too much . a little , but significant , corner of he be utterly defeat . julia , he wife , be English : and look perhaps ten year he junior . she be beautiful , but she face betray a barely bury unhappiness . life have disappointed she too , of late : and larry have be a major part of they disappointment . larry well . this be it . they step over the threshold . 4 int . upper landing day the door of the torture room creak , as the wind blow it open a inch . from downstairs , we hear julia 's voice . julia it smell damp . larry it 's just be empty a while . 5 int . hallway day larry slam the front door . 6 int . upper landing day the torture room door creak close again . larry ( from below ) besides , it 's a old house . 7 int . hallway day he stand in the hallway , not certain which way to go from here . julia how long since you be here ? larry the best part of ten year . larry pick up some mail - circular mostly - from behind the door , then lead julia through from the hallway to explore the ground floor . larry I want to sell it off at one point , after the old Lady die , but I could not get Frank to agree . he open one of the door , and look inside . larry ( with pleasure ) Christ . it 's not be touch . he continue along the passageway . he open another door , and step into a large room . he open one of the curtain . Light pour in , dust -laden shaft fall on the sheeted furniture . larry look at this . julia linger in the doorway . julia why do not he want to sell it ? larry ( dismissively ) I do not know . probably want a hideaway . he pull a sheet off a chair . look at this stuff . the chair be ugly ; old fashioned . julia be unimpress . julia not exactly modern . larry ( shrug ) we will sell it . sell everything . julia I think half of it be you brother 's ? larry he will not complain . he can pay off some of he creditor . larry be get more enthusiastic about the place by the moment . he leave the room , move past julia to explore further . larry you know we have to let kirsty see this place , before we do anything to it . she will love it . julia you mean we be move in ? larry pause . look at she . larry you do not like it ? julia shrug . julia it 's better than Brooklyn . she turn back down the hallway . he watch she , then follow . larry you be still blame I . julia no. I be not . larry you want to come back to London . we come back . we be hearing the tip of a debate they have have dozen of time , which immediately annoys they both . julia all right . larry so what 's the argument ? julia ( cold ) no argument . larry oh Christ . Julia ... julia wander back to the bottom of the stair . then start to climb . larry ( exasperate , to himself ) shit . 8 int . landing day julia climb the stair , she face charge with suppress feel . she 's sick of larry ; he enthusiasm depress she , he compromise anger she . what 's between they be stale , like this house . 9 int . torture room day the door open a fraction . 10 int . kitchen day larry have step into the kitchen , to find the remain of the food we briefly glimpse in the title sequence , now rotted and fungal . it smell , to judge the expression on he face . it also puzzle he . then , from above : julia Larry ! he leave the kitchen and retrace he step to the bottom of the stair . Larry ! larry I hear you . he start up the stair . 11 int . lower landing day larry reach the top of the stair . larry where be you ? julia ( out of sight ) in here . larry follow julia 's voice to the end of the corridor . julia be stand in a doorway . Beyond , the ' bedroom ' we see in the title sequence , untouched since then . julia squatter ? larry step past she , and throw back the blanket . Wood -lice scurry away . he go to the suitcase , and start look through it . besides clothes there 's a lot else that speak of its owner : bric-a- brac pick up in a lifetime of adventure ; handful of bullet ; fragment of a erotic statue ; coin and note from a dozen country . amongst the stuff , some photograph . larry peer at they . one picture a good-look intense man in he mid to late thirty , in bed with a naked chinese girl . larry Frank . at the door , we see julia almost flinch at the name . julia he 's here ? larry he 's be here . there 's stuff in the kitchen . he must have make a hasty exit . the ' phone ring downstairs . julia jump . that will be kirsty . larry stand up and leave the room , move past julia in the doorway , who be leave to stare down at the bed frank have sleep in , and the suitcase of belonging . as we hear larry clatter downstairs it seem julia 's face be close to tear . 12 int . downstair room day the ' phone continue to ring . larry step through and pick up the receiver . larry hello ...? there 's no answer . hello ...? 13 int . franks ' bedroom ' day julia go to the open suitcase , and look at the photograph . 14 int . downstair room day larry ( on'phone ) be there anybody there ? he put down the ' phone . he go back out into the hall . 15 int . franks ' bedroom ' day nervous that larry will return and see what she 's do , julia be go through the photograph . larry ( from below ) there 's nobody there - the sound of he foot on the stair . hurriedly , she select a photograph of Frank without the girl , and pocket it . 16 int . stair day larry be climb the stair . larry I be surprised it 's even connect ... the ' phone ring again . shit . 17 int . franks bedroom day Mission accomplish , julia leave the bedroom , take one last glance at the sweat- stain sheet and the indent pillar where Frank lay . a lone wood - louse crawl over the sheet , navigate the fold . she close the door on the sight . downstair , the ' phone stop ringing . 18 int . downstair room day larry have pick up the ' phone . larry who 's there ? kirsty ( barely audible ) daddy ? CUT to 19 int . kirsty' room day kirsty , the daughter of Larry 's first marriage , and he only child , on the ' phone . she be barely twenty , beautiful in a unpretensious way : a dream of a girl - next -door . we can not see much of the room she 's in at the moment , the shot be too tight . larry ( v.0 . ) kirsty ? kirsty I get through . larry ( v.o. ) where be you ? kirsty I find a room . 20 int . downstair room day larry ( on ' phone ) what do you say ? 21 int . kirsty' room day kirsty I say : I find a room . we begin to draw back from kirsty now , as she continue to speak to she father . she 's sit on a batter chair by the door . the room she 's in be cramped and dirty . from outside , the sound of train go by . larry ( v.0 . ) I think you be go to stay with we for awhile ? kirsty ( pain ) no dad . larry ( v.0 . ) you would like the house . kirsty you 'd like my room . larry ( v.0 . ) do you want I to come over ? kirsty ( hastily ) no , no . not just yet . it need ... er ... some work . that it do . the place , now we have get a good view of it , be a total dump . larry ( v.0 . ) well I want you to see the house . kirsty I be not go to change my mind , dad . as she speak she reach forward to pull a picture , tack to the wall , of a ourangoutang , with breast collaged onto it , down . she succeed . beneath there 's a large hole in the wall , which the picture be there to conceal . plaster fall from it . kirsty ( mouth the word ) great . larry ( v.0 . ) well come over , will you ? see the place ? kirsty maybe tomorrow . I get to go look for a job . larry ( v.0 . ) o.k. honey . well you take care . I love you . kirsty I love you too . she put the receiver down . as she do so the small table on which the ' phone be sit collapse . she cover she face with she hand . 22 int . hallway of lodovico STREET day julia be three step from the bottom of the stair . larry well ? julia ( resign ) why not ? larry ( smile ; he 's pleased ) we will move in Sunday . 23 int . downstair room day a church bell ring . off-screen , we hear voice : two man be attempt to move a bed into the house with larry mastermind the manoeuvre . we hear they effort , but we do not yet see they . we interest be in julia , who be unpack a tea-chest in a room which be still full of drape furniture . 1st man ( o.s. ) we be not go to get it in . 2 nd man ( o.s. ) tip it ! tip it ! larry ( o.s. ) wait ! wait ! watch the fuck paint work . 1st man ( o.s. ) look , do you want the bed in or not ? larry ( 0.s. ) just take it slowly . 1st man ( o.s. ) oh , sod you . 2 nd man ( o.s. ) eh , chas , slow it down like the man say . larry ( o.s. ) it will go in . 1st man famous last fuck word . julia 's face through this have be almost devoid of expression . she 's hold so many feeling inside ; deep inside . now she move from one box to another , and open it to find it full of bathroom bric-a-brac . she pick it up and go through into the hallway . the bell continue to ring . 24 int . hallway day the three sweat man have the bed wedge in the door . larry ( not see Julia ) alright , let 's give it another try . 2 nd man ( see Julia ) do you really need this bed , lady ? larry turn . see julia . larry how be you do through there ? julia it look like a bomb 's drop . 2 nd man get any beer ? julia there 's some in the ' fridge . nobody move to get it . certainly julia have no intention of be waitress . she go to the bottom of the stair . larry I will get it . larry disappear through into the kitchen . julia start up the stair , watch appreciatively by the two man in the doorway . one lean over and whisper to the other , who laugh . julia glance back at they . the whisperer lick he lip ; the meaning of the gesture perfectly apparent . julia head upstairs . 25 ext . number 55 day kirsty arrive at the head of the drive . the two man be drink beer . the bed have not be move . she wander down the drive towards the house . 26 ext . doorstep day 2 nd man ( see kirsty ) it 's my lucky day . kirsty hi. 2 nd man want to buy a bed ? kirsty not much . she move past they , attempt to insinuate herself between the bed and the door-jamb . they watch , enjoy she effort . 27 int . hallway day kirsty dad ? larry emerge from one of the room , look harass . his face lighten as he see he daughter . larry honey ! they hug each other . kirsty Big house . larry you like ? kirsty I like . another hug . larry I will show you around when we have get this damn bed move . kirsty be Julia here ? larry upstair . ( he voice lower ) treat she gently , huh ? she hate move . kirsty ( dryly ) suprise . larry ( a gently chide voice ) kirsty . kirsty o.k. I will be nice . you get on with the muscle work . I will make myself some coffee . larry Kitchen 's through on you leave kirsty kiss larry , and go through to the kitchen . larry turn back to the door . the man have be watch kirsty . larry clearly dislike the scrutiny . 1st man , out -stare by larry , look away . the 2nd man be unperturb . 2 nd man that you daughter ? larry uh-huh . 2 nd man ( grin oafishly ) get she mother 's look . larry her mother 's dead . 2 nd man 's grin fade . 2 nd man oh. larry Julia 's my second wife . 2 nd man ( weakly ) lucky man . larry damn right . now be we go to move the bed or not ? 28 int . kitchen day the kitchen be chaotic . cutlery , crockery , utensil , pan and foodstuff have be heape on every available surface . kirsty have find the kettle , but be have difficulty turn on the tap . she struggle with it . no joy . just a rattling sound in the pipe as the system lurch into action . 29 int . lower landing day the pipe rattle and chug behind the plaster . the camera move along the corridor , hugging the wall . at the end of the corridor stand julia , in a patch of sunlight . she have the photograph of frank in she hand . she look intently at it . a close - up of the photograph . then frank 's voice . frank can I come in ? julia look up from the photograph . 30 int . julia' flashback day a front door open . on the step of another house stand frank , with two suitcase . it 's raining outside ; hard . the rain have plaster he hair to he scalp , which only emphasize he raw good look . he 's unshaven ; he eye be dark , and intense . again , the line she remember : frank can I come in ? the splash of rain on the step become a spurt of water , as we CUT back to the present day . 31 int . kitchen day the tap have come on suddenly , spraying kirsty with water . she jump back , soak . kirsty shit ! shit ! she reach to turn the pressure down . 32 int . hallway day the man be struggle with the bed again . larry ( call through ) be you o.k .? kirsty ( from kitchen ) sure . 33 int . lower landing day again , julia return she gaze to the photograph . 34 int . julia' flashback day the same scene : frank in the doorstep . now we CUT to the person who open the door . it 's julia ; a young julia , she hair arrange differently , she clothes brighter . it be two week before she marriage to larry . she look at the man on the doorstep without a trace of recognition on she face . frank you be Julia , right ? julia that 's right . who be you ? frank ( a dazzle smile ) I be brother Frank . julia ( smile ) oh. frank I come for the wedding . he look at she , eye glitter . his hold on she be almost mesmeric . there be go to be a wedding ? julia oh . oh yes . frank well can I come in or not ? julia I be sorry . of course . you be very welcome . he step inside . now he be close to she , rain run down he face . we can hear he breath ; sense the almost intimidating intimacy of he presence . frank that 's nice to know . ( pause ) have you get a towel ? 35 int . lower landing day julia stare down at the photograph . off scrren , kirsty 's voice : kirsty ( o.s. ) have you get a towel ? julia look up . at the top of the stair , kirsty soak from the tap . julia look up , and hurriedly pocket the photograph . julia kirsty . kirsty hi . I get soak . julia there 's a towel in the bath - room . kirsty which be where ? julia just to you leave . kirsty duck into the bathroom . we CUT back to julia . it 's clear the memory of she first meeting with frank have affect she deeply . the tear that threaten earlier be close . 36 int . bathroom day kirsty have unbuttone she blouse and be drying herself . kirsty do dad tell you I get a room , by the way ? waterloo . Centre of the know universe . silence from outside . Julia ? ( she put she head out of the bathroom ) 37 int . lower landing day julia have go . 38 int . upper landing day the door of the torture room be push open . julia step inside . 39 int . lower landing day kirsty hear the creak of footstep on the board above . julia 's behaviour puzzle she , but she 's not about to waste time think too hard about it . she start downstairs again . 40 int . torture room day we have a odd , hover point of view of julia , as she step inside the room . something about the atmosphere distress she . there be a scratch sound . she look down . a wood -louse , recalling Frank 's foresake bed , crawl along the edge of the skirt board . she cross to the window , and tear away a little spy-hole in the age newspaper . from downstairs , the voice of the bed-mover . 1st man have you get it ? 2 nd man I have get it . I tell you - larry wait ! wait ! the light through the window fall on she eye . the screen become a white - out , from which emerge : 41 int . julia' flashback day a bedroom , with afternoon sunlight pour between the slat of bamboo blind . outside we can hear child play summer game . Inside , a fly buzze . julia , the young self , be hold she wedding dress in front of she , display it . julia well ? frank ( 0.s. ) I do not want to see the dress . julia but you say - frank I do not want to see the dress . julia let the dress drop a few inch in front of she . she stare at frank . frank you know what I want . still she do not let the ' defence ' that the dress offer - a reminder of she imminent marriage - fall . she stare though , and there 's a invitation in she eye . frank I want you . now we CUT to frank . he be not so beraggle as in the first scene , but the heat of the day have bring a sheen of sweat to he face . stand half in shadow he look almost dangerous . now julia let the dress drop , put it on the bed behind she . frank that 's better frank step towards she . julia what about Larry - frank forget he . frank take hold of she . she do not resist he , though there be barely disguise fear on she face . he put he hand inside she blouse . 42 int . torture room day in extreme close up , julia blink into the light through the window , as larry 's voice from downstairs call she from she reverie . larry slowly , will you ? slowly ! again , a white - CUT , from which emerge : 43 int . julia' flashback day the two be naked on the bed , both sweat now . beneath they , the wedding dress , crush under they weight . they love-make be not straight - forward : there be a element of erotic perversity in the way frank lick at she face , almost like a animal , he hold on she too tight to be loving . the sequence escalate into a series of strange detail from they lock body . Nails digging into palm ; sweat rivulet run down they torso . and once in a while we see they face . julia watch frank , mesmerize and amused by he intensity ; frank almost pain by he desire to push the experience to the limit . they passion be render stranger still by the way the light through the window fall on they body , make stripe creature of they . at last , as they urgency increase , we move up until we be look directly down on the bed . from here it be julia 's face we can see , and the ecstasy of the moment have seize she . her arm be flung up over she head ; she eye be close as she murmur : julia oh my God . oh my God . oh my god. the scene white out . 44 int . torture room day julia be still stare into the light . she sob , very quietly . julia ( a whisper ) oh Frank ... 45 int . hallway day downstair , larry and the man have move the bed across the hall to the bottom of the stair . all three be weary now , and get careless . as they start up the stair we see trouble ahead for larry , whose hand be move closer and closer to a nail proturbe from the woodwork of the bannister . larry ( to mover ) will you take the weight while I take a step up ? he back towards the stair - and the nail . damn it , will you take the - the side of he hand be impale bythe nail . he cry out . the weight of the bed , which he cannot relinquish , drive the nail deeper , and gouge a long cut from the ball of he thumb to he wrist . blood pour out . larry Christ ! 1st man what 's the problem ? larry my fuck hand ! he drop he edge of the bed , and disengage he hand from the nail upon which he 's injure himself . he lift he hand , from which blood be pour . larry you fuck ass-hole . 1st man who be you call a fuck ass-hole ? it 's this bastard bed that 's you fuck problem ! larry be not listen . he 's look at the wound in he hand . he hate the sight of he own blood . any moment , he may faint . larry ... oh Christ ... but not in front of this bastard . he turn and start up the stair , groggier by the moment . larry ... oh ... Christ ... 46 int . torture room day julia be stand in the middle of the room . a single dart of light , through the hole she tore in the newspaper , strike she face . softly on the soundtrack , the scrabbling noise of the woodlice . 47 int . hallway day the bed have be put down . 1st man and 2 nd man be put on they coat . kirsty come through from the kitchen . kirsty what 's happen ? 2 nd man we be leave . kirsty where 's my father ? 1st man he 's fuck off . 2 nd man ( mock chide ) eh ... language . 1st man sorry . he 's go upstairs . so we be fuck off too . 2 nd man take a sheet of paper from he jacket . 2 nd man will you sign for the bed ? kirsty sure . 48 int . stair day larry , he hand run with blood , climb the last flight of stair . larry ( weakly ) ... Julia ... 49 int . torture room day julia hear he , and turn from she silent commune with the room . she cross towards the door . too late . it open . larry step inside , blood pour from he right hand , which he attempt to staunch with he leave hand . julia what have you do ? larry I cut myself . blood have start to drip , unnotice by either of they , onto the bare board . heavy splashes . larry look sick ; he face clammy with sweat . she stare at he without a trace of feel for he on she face . julia be it deep ? larry I do not know , I have not look . you know I and blood . julia you be not go to faint . larry ( he lean againt the wall ) shit . julia let I see . she go to he . he look away as she unglue one hand from the other , and look at the wound . blood come faster , hit the floor between they . julia it 's probably go to need stitches . larry I be go to throw up . julia no , you be not . the blood keep hit the floor . slap ; slap ; slap . we will get you out into the fresh air . he be again clamping he hand over the wound , as julia help he to the door . they leave the torture room . we hear they voice recede down the passageway , as we again assume that hover view point . the floor , be heavily spatter with blood . julia take it slowly . larry so damn stupid . julia you be do worse . larry I will be scar for life . julia no you will not . 50 int . hallway day kirsty be half way up the stair , as julia and larry head down . kirsty what happen ? julia just a accident . he 's all right . will you drive ? he need stitches . kirsty sure . julia the key be in the kitchen . kirsty head back to the kitchen . julia help larry towards the front door . the camera swing away from they , upstairs , and begin to track ... lap -dissolve to : int . upper landing day ... we continue to track , towards the torture room . downstair , the front door slam . lap -dissolve to : int . torture room day from outside , the sound of a car door slamm . a engine start . the car drive away . we move towards the blood on the floor . as we watch , it begin to disappear , as if be absorb by the room . we pan up to the wall . the plaster be not quite smooth ; indeed , it now begin to grow restless , and crack . something begin to move in the wall ... 51 int . dine room night a explosion of laughter . we CUT to the remain of a rack of lamb , its gravy now congeal , scrap of meat adhere to the bone here and there . this be the centre-piece of a table reduce to a battlefield by the guest who be laugh off-screen . we pass along the table , take in dirty plate and cutlery , napkin , glass and emptied wine bottle . finally , we reach julia , who be still sit at the table , while the other have retire to more comfortable seat . she look utterly miserable , and a little drunk . the room have be spruce up for the party . candle be burn on table and mantelpiece , there be picture on the wall . but this be essentially cosmetic . the place have not be refurnish or be - decorate . we move to the party guest . two , we recognize : kirsty , and larry - who be presently entertaining the gather with a account of he accident . the other be new face . a american couple : bill underwood and he wife evelyn , who be of a age with larry , and a young , bespectacle man - a work colleague of larry 's - steve o'donnell . all be drunk . a brandy bottle sit on the table between they , and half a dozen other liquer bottle besides . steve , it soon become apparent , have he eye on kirsty . larry be half - way through he hospital story , gesticulate wildly as he go through the tale , much to the pleasure of the rest . his hand and lower arm be heavily bandage . larry - always hate the sight of my own blood . I go out like a light . anybody else 's ? no problem . but mine ... you know ... go straight to my head . anyhow , this damn doctor 's poke around and I be say : I be go to pass out , and he 's say , no you be not , no you be not . next thing I know - we CUT back to julia , who watch she husband , unamuse . larry - I wake up on the floor . gale of laughter at this . and it be he who be look sick . bill probably think you would sue . larry I should do it ! evelyn doctor - larry I know . and he 's say : I be sorry . I be sorry . bill he's sorry . larry right ... ( he have pick up the brandy bottle ) anyone for more ? evelyn ( protest ) no ... no ... I ... larry come on , you be only young once - larry fill up she glass . larry ( to kirsty ) what be you drink , love ? kirsty ( giggle ) I have forget . larry Steve ? steve we be on the cointreau . kirsty that 's right . cointreau . steve pick up the bottle . steve I will do it . he fill up kirsty 's glass . kirsty I will not be able to stand . steve so lie down . she cast he a sly glance . he smile . she smile . julia now stand up . julia would you excuse I ? I think I be go to go to bed . larry be you o.k .? julia nod . bill ( look at he watch ) Christ . I think it 's time we be away - he stand . larry Bill ? absolutely not . sit down . we have get celebrate to do . julia look frosty , but larry do not catch the look . kirsty do however . bill sit down . steve ( to Julia ) it be a wonderful meal . evelyn ( gush ) oh it be . it be wonderful . there 's a chorus of approval . julia put a smile on . julia I be glad you enjoy it . evelyn see you again soon . bill you must come round . evelyn yes . you must . we be so happy you be back . julia ( at the door ) that 's nice . well ... goodnight . she exit , to a chorus of goodnight . kirsty in particular watch she as she make she exit . julia 's behaviour confound she . meanwhile , the conversation have return to larry 's ' wound ' . evelyn do it still hurt ? larry only when I laugh . this win another round of laughter . 52 int . lower landing night julia walk along the landing , while the laughter - mute by distance - waft up from below . from the floor above , she hear something more . she stop , puzzle , then start up the second flight of stair towards the torture room . 53 int . upper landing night she approach the torture room , and step inside . 54 int . torture room night the sound of laughter be considerably dimme in here ; it 's barely audible . but there be another sound , a shifting sound in the corner of the room . she reach for the light switch , and turn it on . the bulb 's be break however . she stare around the room , try to make sense of the shadow . nervously , she approach the wall , on which four streak of light from the window fall . now she look towards the window and realize that the newspaper have be tear , as if by four finger . her breath catch . suddenly , she 's afraid . she stand absolutely still , eye wide in the gloom . julia who 's there ? on the far side of the room , a movement in the shadow . julia almost retreat , but something keep she stare into the murk , as something - the remnant of a human form make of twisted , blister strand of flesh , raise its head . it 's squatting against the wall , unable to lift itself into a stand position . its eye , however , have life in they : and hunger . this , though he 's unrecognizable , be frank . frank ( a pain whisper ) Julia . julia oh my God . frank do not look at I . julia who be you ? frank I say : do not look . she look away . help I . julia tell I who you be . frank Frank . julia 's face register horror and disbelief . julia no. God no . frank believe I . it 's I . it 's really I . julia what happen to you ? frank his blood ... on the floor ... it bring I back . julia back from where ? frank just help , will you ? please God , help I - from downstairs , dimly , laughter . 55 int . dine room night larry have just tell another story . General drunken laughter . kirsty stand up . steve you be not go ? kirsty just upstairs . she stagger a little bit . steve need any help ? kirsty I am house - train . further hysteria . steve ( cover in embarrass - ment ) no ... I mean ... larry it 's round on the leave - kirsty I know . she step out into the hallway . 56 int . hallway night she start up the stair . she smile to herself , think of steve . 57 int . torture room night frank , in the corner of the room , watch julia , who be still at the door . frank ... somebody ... julia ssh ! the sound of kirsty downstairs , close the bathroom door . frank you can not let I stay like this . please . you can not . julia what do you want I to do . frank the blood bring I this far . I need more of the same . or I will slip back ... CUT back to julia 's lace as she stare at frank once more . she be appal at the choice before she . frank ( a plea ) you have to heal I . 58 int . bathroom night kirsty smile at herself in the bathroom mirror , turn off the tap , open the door and step out onto the landing . 59 int . lower landing night she take a step along the landing , then realize that there 's somebody ahead of she , in the darkness . she stop . from the floor above , a soft sigh . kirsty hello ? julia move out of shadow into a patch of pattern light splash up the stair well . the effect recall she memory of she lovemake with frank . the light make she look strange ; ominous . kirsty oh , it 's you . julia do not smile be you all right ? do we read murder in julia 's eye ? kirsty be uneasy . suddenly , a voice from the floor below . steve kirsty ? kirsty be relieved at the interruption . kirsty ( call down ) I be here . steve I think we would lose you . kirsty ( call down ) I be come ! ( to Julia ) sleep well . julia be leave on the landing , as kirsty head downstairs . 60 ext . tube station night the station be desert , but for kirsty and steve , who be sit , wait for the last train . kirsty you know I do know the way home . steve it 's late . kirsty not that late . steve please . I want to see you home . all right ? kirsty ( lightly ) all right . ( smile ) no . that 's nice . steve if there 's a train . kirsty what do we do if there be not ? steve we walk . 61 ext . a pedestrian tunnel , near waterloo night kirsty and steve be walk . steve why do not you stay at Larry 's house ? there 's plenty of room . kirsty yeah , there 's room . and there 's Julia . steve I see . kirsty she 's so damn ... English . steve meaning what ? kirsty oh , I do not know . up-tight . frigid . steve stop walk . steve I beg you pardon ? kirsty ( lightly ) there ya go. ( imitate he tone ) I beg you pardon ? steve we be not all frigid . kirsty have turn to look at he . both of they be aware where the banter be lead ; smile play on they face as they speak . kirsty oh no ? steve oh no . kirsty it 's not what I hear . steve ( move closer to she ) well you have just be talk to the wrong people . he kiss she , with considerable feel . 62 int . bedroom night larry snore loudly . julia lie beside he , wide awake , stare at the ceiling . larry turn over , mutter to himself . 63 int . torture room night the door open . julia be stand there , in she night - gown . frank raise he wretch head . frank well ? julia stare at the thing move in the shadow . julia yes . 64 ext . number 55 day the door open . julia step out of the house , and start towards the street . as she do so , she glance round . 65 ext . window of torture room day we approach the window , know that frank watch behind it . 66 ext . number 55 day julia head off down the street . 67 int . pizza restaurant day the din of a lunchtime restaurant , with all the table full , and everyone hungry . in the middle of the melee , kirsty be valiantly try to do six thing at once . somebody want they order take ; somebody else want more lager ; somebody else be complain . she 's do she best , but lose the battle . she serve a table with they food , and then start back to pick up another order . as she do so she 's harangue from every side . 1st customer Excuse I , miss - 2 nd customer I would like some more lager . 1st customer miss ! kirsty in a moment . 2 nd customer do you hear I ? kirsty start back to the counter . as she do so somebody else 's voice cut through the din . steve hey , sex - bomb - she wheel round . kirsty you keep you - ( see Steve ) oh. ( smile ) hi. steve I just call in . how about tonight ? kirsty I do not finish till twelve . steve I be a late riser . he grin . she grin . 2 nd customer what do you have to do to get some service around here ? steve catch you later . 68 int . bar day by contrast , a quiet bar . discreet music ; a well - dress clientele . several couple occupy booth . other solitary drinker be at the bar . amongst they : julia . now we see she more closely , we realize she 's go to some considerable effort to make herself ravish . there 's nothing crude about the change ; it 's a subtle transformation which show off she considerable beauty . she drink soda water . she have a admirer . sitting alone at one of the table be a middle - age man by the name of prudhoe , a nervous , slightly paunchy individual . she glance over at he . his eye do not leave she for a moment . he 's try he best to get the courage to approach she . she look away , and concentrate on she drink . now she take out a cigarette , fumble for it . her hand be tremble slightly . she light the cigarette , draw on it , and as she do so she seem to make up she mind that she 's not the equal of it . she stub the cigarette out , put cash on the bar for she drink , and get up to leave . suddenly , prudhoe 's at she side . prudhoe not much fun , be it ? julia what ? prudhoe drink alone . julia not much . prudhoe I wonder , maybe ... he 's so nervous he can barely speak . ... as we be both on we own ... we could have one drink together ? julia look at he . he seem to almost be offer himself to she . there 's a long pause , while she try to make up she mind . then : julia why not ? she smile . the smile work wonder . prudhoe 's nerve diminish somewhat . julia 's simply increase , now that she 's commit herself . again , she open the pack of cigarettes , as prudhoe call the barman over . prudhoe ( to Julia ) what be you drink ? julia just soda . prudhoe plain soda ? julia please . prudhoe I try not to drink at lunch - time . make I sleepy in the afternoon . you like to keep a clear head , eh ? ( to barman ) one soda , one whisky . ( to Julia ) I do it anyway . no will - power . get a busy afternoon ? julia ( look straight at he ) that depend . prudhoe oh ? he stare at she , not certain he interpret she correctly . she stare back . then : the tiniest of smile , which he - scarcely believe he luck - return . 69 int . torture room day the camera move across the room . we can hear frank 's rag breathe , and as we move in we see , on the floor beside he , the box - the lament configuration - its side gleam . frank , still squatting on the floor , tap a tattoo on the bare board with he skeletal finger . then , voice outside : julia laugh . he raise he head . 70 ext . doorstep day julia open the front door . she be still very nervous , fumble with the key . prudhoe stand a pace behind she . 71 int . hallway day they step inside . julia close the door prudhoe you know it 's not often I ... you know ... julia there 's a first time for every - thing . prudhoe I suppose that 's right . julia you want something to drink ? prudhoe I be already way over my usual limit . you know , it 's funny . I feel like I have know you for year . he approach she : he gesture make slightly clumsy by the alcohol he 's drunk . he kiss she . she press he off she . prudhoe oh , come on . ( he take hold of she breast ) it 's what you bring I here for , be not it ? julia yes . I just think we would be better off upstairs . prudhoe oh . oh fine . 72 int . tortupe room day frank 's view , from the corner of the room . we hear the sound of julia and prudhoe 's approach up the stair . prudhoe this you place ? julia let 's not talk about it . prudhoe no personal detail , right ? julia right . prudhoe you know , you be incredible - julia open the door . julia come on in . make yourself at home . she step inside . prudhoe do as he 's instruct . he stare at the bare floor , as julia close the door behind he . prudhoe there 's no bed . julia that 's right . prudhoe huh ? julia I prefer the floor . prudhoe first time for everything , right ? julia right . julia move towards he julia why do not you take off you jacket ? you be warm . prudhoe yeah , why do not I ? she slip the knot of he tie . we can hear she pulse on the soundtrack . she glance over prudhoe 's shoulder . he follow she gaze , but she divert he with a peck on the cheek . prudhoe ( take over he undress ) why do not you do the same ? julia maybe I will . prudhoe , now start to shed he jacket and trousers , try not to take he eye off julia for a instant . we watch from franks p.o.v. as he drop he underwear . he still wear he shirt , which he start to unbutton . we move back into a tighter shot . prudhoe ( voice slightly slur ) you know , you be very beautiful . julia be I ? prudhoe you know you be . loveliest woman I ever set eye on . julia smile . prudhoe stop unbuttone he shirt . prudhoe oh Christ . julia what 's wrong ? prudhoe too much drink . better empty my bladder . she step out of the way so that he can cross to the door . prudhoe I will be a moment . as he move to the door , she throw a piece of cloth off a hammer , which lie beside the wall . prudhoe take hold of the door handle . turn it : it 's stick . prudhoe the door 's stick . before he can turn she hit he on the back of the head . he do not fall , but the blow send blood down the back of he shirt . to avoid the follow blow he stumble blindly towards the wall but julia 's not go to be stop now . he hold the back of he head - daze , apologetic , pitiful - while she move towards he . prudhoe do not ... I ... please ... I be sorry ... she eclipse he . ... I be so sorry ... she raise the hammer . ... I do not understand ... she strike he . he slide down the wall , he jaw break , blood pour from he face . he twitches . then the twitches stop . she drop the hammer , and stare down at the corpse . julia enough ? the room sigh . in the corner , frank 's shadowy form lean forward . frank do not look at I . julia back towards the door , as the break , skeletal form crawl out of darkness to claim its sustenance . 73 int . upper landing day julia step out onto the landing and lean against the wall , wave of sheer relief break over she . in the room behind she , terrible sound of feed . 74 int . bathroom day julia step into the bathroom , and look at herself in the mirror . blood be spatter on she face ; she hand be similarly stain . she be tremble from head to foot . strip off she blouse , and fling it over the side of the bath , she douse she face , neck and breast with cold water . then she stare up at she face again , examine it . she can scarcely believe what she 's do . 75 int . lower landing day she cross the landing and climb the stair to the torture room . 76 int . torture room day she open the door . as she do so frank retreat into the shadow . we be grant a fleeting glimpse of he , he body fuller than before , but still horribly vulnerable . julia look at prudhoe 's corpse . a trail of blood lead away from it into the darkness . the body itself be a grotesquely misshapen husk now , the muscle and fat withere , the eye sink into the skull , the lip draw back to expose the gum . a ghostly sight . julia Jesus Christ . julia look across at frank , who be no longer sit , but stand in the shadow . frank ( he voice stronger ) do I disgust you ? she do not reply . he stretch he arm into a passage of light . his flesh glisten and pulse . frank see ? it 's make I whole again . he turn he arm over for she appreciation . every drop of blood you spill put more flesh on my bone . and we both want that do not we ? she nod . good . come here . she stare , unable to move . come here , damn you . I want to touch you ... still she do not move . frank ( more softly ) come to daddy . I only want to touch ... she take a step towards he outstretch arm . his finger touch she face . she steel herself against they . now , he start to trace the line of she jaw , stroking she . now she lip , caressingly . suddenly , a sound from downstairs . the front door be open . larry ( from below ) sweetheart ? julia withdraw from he touch larry ( from below ) where be you ? 77 int . hallway day shot from the stair of larry . he look up the flight . he take a step towards the stair . 78 int . torture room day julia take a step backwards , she foot hit prudhoe 's corpse . 79 int . hallway day larry be still at the bottom of the stair . larry be you there ? for a moment it look as though he 's go to climb the stair , then he think better of it , and go through to the back of the house . 80 int . torture room day julia have wrap the corpse of prudhoe up in its clothes and be now lift it . the body be lighter now , have be drain of nourishment . its head loll back and its denture drop out , hit the floor loudly . she freeze . no sound from below . she back out of the room with she burden . frank 's arm reach for the fall denture and peer at they . frank who 's a pretty boy then ? Soft laughter from the darkness . 81 int . junk room day julia push the door of the junk room , which be on the upper landing , open . Inside , a chaos of tea-chest and bric-a-brac . she lay the body down . 82 int . kitchen day larry have come through to look for julia . he hear a noise above . he look up . larry ( quietly ) Julia ? he leave the kitchen . 83 int . hallway day again , larry step into the hallway , and gaze up the stair . larry be you there ? he start up . 84 int . lower landing day julia step into the bathroom , and then lock the door behind she . larry ascend to the top of the stair . larry Julia ? julia ( from bathroom ) I be here . larry ( at the door ) sweetheart ... I have be call you . he try the door . it 's lock . be you all right ? julia just feel a bit sick . larry oh , babe ... 85 int . bathroom day julia , still tremble , sit on the edge of the bath . julia I will be o.k . just leave I be a while . larry can I get you anything ? julia maybe a brandy . larry sure . julia I will be down in a minute larry o.k . she listen as he footstep recede down the landing and stair . then she cross to the mirror and try to erase the sign of panic . she put a comb through she hair , and adjust she blouse . that do , she unbolt the door and step out into the landing . she do not go down however , but up , back to the torture room . 86 int . torture room day she open the door . julia ( very softly ) Frank ? a crunching sound in the shadow . frank 's hand open , drop the piece of prudhoe 's denture , which he have crush , onto the floor , in a rain of plastic tooth . frank I be hurt julia hurting . frank my nerve ... be beginning to work again . julia good . frank one more . maybe two - julia 's face register no horrer at this . - to heal I completely . then we can be away from here , before they come look . julia who ? frank the cenobite . it 's only a matter of time before they find I have slip they . I have to get away from here . from downstairs , larry . larry Julia ? be you all right ? julia cross to the door and call down . julia just a moment . put on some music will you babe ? larry o.k. she return to she conversation with frank . frank poor Larry . obedient as ever . julia keep you voice down . she cross to close the door . when she turn round , he 's in front of she , silhouett against the window , he half - form face terrifying in the gloom . suddenly he reach out and catch hold of she arm . she gasp in pain . frank ssh . do not want babe to hear . julia you be hurt . frank you will not cheat I will you ? you will stay with I . help I . then we can be together , the way we be before . we belong to each other now , for better or worse ... he let go of she . ... like love . only real . she go to the door , and leave he , lock it behind she . we move close to frank 's face . he lick he skinned lip with a bloody tongue . Thunder roll . 87 kirsty' dream the thunder carry over to a dream . we be in the dining room of number 55 , except that everything be once more shround in sheet . we CUT to kirsty , move through the room , she face pale , she hair glue to she forehead with sweat . somewhere , a bell be ringing . fly buzz . on the dinner table , a form be cover in a sheet . it 's clear that the shape be human . she reach the table , and look at the body . suddenly , blood begin to seep through the shroud , beginning at the head - eye and mouth - then spread across the body . there be sob beneath the shroud . she reach for it , to snatch it off the body . the blood have almost turn the sheet scarlet . she pull . we glimpse only a moment of what would beneath : a naked body , scarlet and shine with blood from head to foot . she scream . her scream become louder , as we CUT to 88 int . kirsty' room night steve sit bolt upright in bed , while kirsty yell . the sheet be snatch off he . he look across the room to see kirsty at the end of the bed , with the sheet in she hand . steve what be you do ? kirsty 's eye be still close . kirsty ! her eye open . she look down at the sheet she 's snatch from the bed , and drop it in horror . steve Christ . what be that about ? kirsty , weak with fear , just shake she head . 89 int . hallway , number 55 night a phone be ringing . larry cross the hallway , bleary - eye , and disappear from sight . the phone be pick up . larry voice hello ? 90 int . bedroom night julia lie in bed , the pillow empty beside she . she 's wide awake , stare at the ceiling . downstair , the murmur of larry 's voice . 91 int . torture room night frank stand in the corner of the room , breathe softly in the shadow . 92 int . telephone room night larry be on the phone . larry I be o.k. , honey . it 's all right ... 93 int . kirsty' room night kirsty be on the phone . steve sit up in bed , have reclaim the sheet . kirsty I just want to be sure you be o.k. 94 int . telephone room night larry never better . you sleep well . kirsty ( on phone ) yeah . larry I love you , honey . kirsty ( on phone ) I love you too . larry put down the phone . 95 int . lower landing day larry return to the bedroom . julia ( o.s. ) who be it ? larry kirsty . he go into the bedroom . we pan up the second flight of stair . frank be sit at the top , in the shadow . frank ( soft as a breath ) kirsty . 96 int . hallway day the front door be close by julia . a man stand in the hallway : another victim . he be as nervous as prudhoe . victim you be sure we be not go to be interrupt - julia quite sure . victim only I like to be careful . 97 int . torture room day a shock CUT to the naked victim , throw back against the wall from julia 's hammer blow . before he can even slide down the wall , frank be upon he . we do not linger , but CUT away to : 98 int . landing day as julia close the door , she face devoid of emotion , we see the victim 's body on the floor , with frank 's hand oh its head , drain out its energy . 99 int . dine room day julia sit , sip a drink , she face still unreadable . 100 int . torture room day frank be stand in the shadow . the victim 's body be in the middle of the room . julia enter . julia well ? frank better . much better . I would like some clothes . and maybe a cigarette . julia then you tell I ... you explain what happen to you ? frank of course . 101 int . torture room day we pan across the wall as frank speak . frank ( o.s. ) I want access to experience ... pleasure ... that only they could offer ... julia ( o.s. ) the cenobite . frank that 's what they call themselves . they be not human . maybe they be once , but they be not now . they rearrange they own flesh for pleasure . we have move across to frank now . he be dress , in loose fitting jacket and trousers , through which he blood be seeping . he smoke , take great pleasure in the experience . julia and the box ? frank pick up the box . vague , tantalize form move over the surface , like ghost . frank it cost I a fortune . all I have . it 's a puzzle you see . you solve it , and the cenobite come through ... julia where from ? frank God know . sometimes I think they be just behind the wall ... he turn the box over . the lacquer catch the light . julia so they cheat you in the lacquer we see oile body move . it 's difficult to be sure what the form signify . be this torture , or some elaborate pleasure ? frank oh no . they keep to they bargain . they give I experience I would never forget ... the image in the lacquer be become clearer , and they be appalling . flesh tear open ; blood run across sweat flesh ; hook , and terrible machine . frank but they pleasure be my pain . his voice have begin to tremble . the image in the box be more horrific by the moment . and flow between they , highly distort , the cenobite 's face , and that of frank , scream and scream . frank terrible pain . appall ... he can not speak for a moment . after a pause , he go on , he voice heavy . my body be forfeit . but my spirit ... they leave that here . in the board . in the wall . watch the world , but never able to touch it ... julia and the blood let you out ? frank there be way to resurrection . blood 's one of they . I will not let they take I back , Julia . julia look at the horror in the box , and understand he desire . frank I want to be whole , and then get out - he lift the box up . I will not let they take I . julia you will not have to . we will be go . somewhere they will never find we . there 's a rumble of thunder . not in the whole wide world . 102 int . dine room night more thunder , and the sound of heavy rain against the window . the television be on . larry and julia be sit on the couch . larry be watch a box match . he have consume several beer : the can be beside he foot ; and there 's another in he hand . julia read a magazine , glance up at the screen to see the match get more heat . blood be start to flow . larry be this upsetting you ? julia I have see worse . larry look at she . larry be you all right ? julia Fine . larry only I will turn it off - there 's a sudden raise of shout from the screen , as one of the boxer hit the canvas . larry turn he attention back to the match . commentator and he 's down ! he 's down ! the thunder roll on . 103 int . torture room night the lightning find its way through the hole in the newspaper . frank be watch through the window , he face occasionally wash with light . his hand , on the window frame , tap out the same tattoo he 's tapped out before . he turn away from the window , and he foot catch the box . it roll across the floor . 104 int . dine room night the box match be heating up again . commentator - and now he 's in trouble , he 's really in trouble - larry what be that ? julia look up from she magazine . julia Thunder . the violence on the screen be horrific , as swollen face burst beneath punch . larry no. something else . larry stand up . julia maybe I leave a window open - she get up and cross to the door . - I will go see . larry no. I will do it . he open the door , and step out into the hallway . 105 int . upper landing night in such tight close up we can not sec that frank have in fact leave the torture room , we see he feature register that somebody be come . 106 int . stairway night larry be climb the stair . julia follow . julia it be nothing . larry have reach the top of the stair . he look up the next flight . Larry ... larry what 's wrong with you ? she 's desperate to stop he climb to the torture room . julia I just hate the thunder . he cross to she . larry I be here . he put he arm around she . she respond . you be shaking . he hug she tight , kissing she lightly . the thunder shake the house . there 's nothing to be afraid of . he kiss she neck , he hand restless on she . I will just go check upstairs ... he kiss she again . she , in order to distract he , kiss he back . her passion be artificial , but he do not register that . larry oh baby . julia do not go upstairs . larry come with I then . he start up the stair . julia please ... 107 int . upper landing night he reach the top of the stair . first he throw open the junk room . lightn flash on box inside . then he move towards the torture room . the thunder roll more loudly . she follow he along the landing , desperate to stop he . too late . he throw open the door . julia do not . lightn flood the room . it 's empty . she stand beside he at the door . larry we must have rat . she look back down the stair . where 's frank go ? larry turn to she , hold she again , on the threshold of the torture room . larry see ? quite safe . he kiss she , much harder this time ; a sexual kiss . let 's go down . I will make it better . he kiss she again . 108 int . bedroom night a shadow move across the screen as the door open , and larry put on the light . he have hold of julia 's hand . he lead she inside . she sit on the bed , illuminate by the light from the landing , and the occasional flicker from the window . larry kneel between she leg , and kiss she breast , he eye close . julia glance into the shadow of the room . she sense frank 's presence . larry ... oh babe ... he start to unbutton she dress . she 's distract by she suspicion ; he have he hand against she almost before she realize what 's happen . we have she p.o.v. as she look around the room . the dress table ; the wardrobe ; the curtain at the window . do something move in the shadow ? a flash of lightning . no . there 's nothing . larry get onto the bed and draw she against he , kissing she . this be not the intense , slightly dangerous love - make she experience with frank , but a fumble , slightly foolish exchange . larry be so wrap in attempt to make the right move he do not register the fact that julia 's attention be elsewhere . now we have a p.o.v. from the far side of the room , of the two figure on the bed , the only sound the thunder and larry 's murmured word of seduction , which we can barely make out . larry ... I love you , honey ... let I ... oh God ... I love you ... neither of they have undress fully ; there 's just a tangle of clothes around they which remove any trace of eroticism from the scene . a close up of julia 's head , laid on the pillow , show just how uninvolved she be - while larry work , eye close . julia look down the length of she husband 's body . the door of the wardrobe swing open . frank be watch . she register horror . larry be oblivious to all of this , of course . we have a close up of frank watch the love-make . now he step out of the wardrobe . julia make a moan of horror , which larry take as enthusiasm . larry oh baby ... I love you ... from julia' p.o.v. , we see the form of frank shamble towards the lover . from franks p.o.v. we see the lover on the bed , larry 's back vunerable . julia seem to realize what he intend . julia ... no ... larry barely hear she . frank be at the very end of the bed now , and julia become highly agitate . julia no . no , you must not . please . no. larry stop he love-make . larry ( look at she ) huh ? julia please ... larry what 's wrong with you ? julia ( almost sobbing ) please . I can not bear it ... larry be angere and utterly perplex at this . he disengage he arm from around she . julia' p.o.v. , as frank retreat . larry roll off julia . the wardrobe door close . click . larry I do not understand you . one moment you be all over I , the next it 's : do not touch I . he sit on the edge of the bed . I just do not understand . he get up and leave the bedroom . julia remain where she be . we have a shot of the bed , and she upon it , from frank 's end of the room . she stare at the wardrobe . through the crack of the open door , frank stare back . a flicker of lightning illuminate he face ; he skeletal grin . softly , beneath the assault of the rain on the roof , we hear laughter . 109 int . a SMALL restaurant evening kirsty and larry be sit eat a meal together , in a intimate restaurant . larry have little appetite , to judge by he plate . he look as if he have not sleep for several night . kirsty , by contrast , be sparkling larry ... maybe we should never have come back . kirsty maybe you should give it some time . larry I guess . kirsty ( skirt she real feeling ) she 's not like Mom . she 's ... I do not know ... moody . I think that be what you like about she . larry you do not like she at all do you ? the straight - forward question silence kirsty for a moment . she want to be delicate with she father 's feeling , but honest at the same time . kirsty I do not know she . she 's so ... seal up . larry 's face be full of the desire for reassurance . kirsty try to offer it . if you love she she must be worth loving . just give I some time . larry nod , a weak smile on he face larry she do not even want to leave the house . kirsty really ? larry it 's like she 's wait for something . kirsty what ? larry I do not know . I do not know . it 's beyond I . a silence . larry ( hesitant ) would you ... maybe call round sometime ? try to make friend . kirsty sure . larry maybe all she need be some company . 110 int . staircase day frank be stand at the top of the stair , dress in he stain suit . julia be a few step down , stare up at he . frank you can not love he . julia I do not . frank so where 's the harm ? julia I say no . frank then find I somebody else , before they come look . julia nod . tomorrow ? she look at he . 111 ext . lodovico STREET - day a wind blow , carry autumn leave before it . and on the wind , the distant peal of bell . 112 ext . doorstep of number 55 day julia be at the door , turn the key in the lock . beside she , a third sacrificial lamb , bald and excitable . his name be syke . julia open the door . 113 ext . lodovico STREET day at the corner of the street now : kirsty . she watch , puzzle . 114 ext . doorstep of number 55 day a long shot of the house , from kirsty' p.o.v . the man on the step seem to have second thought . julia speak with he . we can hear none of this exchange , but julia manage to coax he inside . she close the door behind they . 115 ext . lodovico STREET day kirsty stand , bewilder by what she 's see . 116 int . lower landing day from the top of the stair we watch julia lead syke upstairs . syke I get lonely sometimes . julia everybody do . 117 ext . STREET day kirsty start towards the house . 118 int . torture room day in the corner of the room frank stand , tapping out the rhythm with he finger . it 's ' Colonel bogey ' , and now he hum it too . outside the door , a footfall . julia come in . the hum stop . julia open the door . 119 ext . front of house day kirsty start down the path . 120 int . torture room day syke be look at julia . syke what be this ? a game ? frank move in the corner . syke catch the motion from the corner of he eye . he turn . what ? frank step from the shadow . Jesus Christ . julia hit he with the hammer . 121 ext . doorstep day kirsty hear syke scream . she freeze . then step back from the doorstep and look up at the house . 122 int . torture room day in the room , pandemonium . syke , blood pour down he face , flail out at julia . the hammer fly from she hand . he lunge for the door , but she manage to kick it close . syke Christ help I ! 123 ext . house day kirsty make she way around the back of the house . 124 int . torture room day syke have take hold of julia , and be use she as a shield against frank , whos be bear down upon he . for the first time we see frank 's true colour where julia 's concerned - syke ( to Frank ) do not ! casually , frank throw julia aside . she fall , sobbing . frank descend on syke . syke no ! 125 int . kitchen day syke ' scream cover the sound of kirsty force the back door open . she step inside . 126 int . torture room day frank have syke face to the wall . syke be sobbing now . the room be cover in blood . frank ( to Julia ) get out of here . she pick herself up . syke ( to Julia ) please ... do not let he kill I ... please ... julia leave , close the door . frank seize hold of syke 's neck , he finger enter the flesh either side of he neck vertebrae . syke scream . 127 int . kitchen / dinging room / hallway day kirsty move through the house , and start to climb the stair . 128 int . lower landing day half way up the stair , the scream stop . she climb the rest of the way surround by a graveyard hush . 129 int . torture room day a soundless , slowed shot , as syke , he face waste by frank 's feed , break from frank 's hold and lunge for the door . 130 int . lower landing day kirsty start up the second flight of stair . 131 int . torture room day the same slowed , soundless horror , as syke reach the door . frank be a pace behind he . 132 int . upper landing day kirsty reach the top as - 133 int . torture room day the door from inside the room . syke pull it open - 134 int . torture room from landing day in real time , and accompany by the most horrific shriek , syke fling himself from the torture room . the flesh be hang off he face ; he eye bulge in terror . see kirsty he start towards she . behind he , frank , he body glisten . he catch hold of syke by the neck . syke ' shriek stop . the eye glaze over . the body judder as death claim it . then frank drop the corpse , and look up at kirsty . kirsty oh my God . she start to back away down the stair . kirsty ( shout ) Julia ! frank kirsty ? he take a step towards she . kirsty keep you fuck distance . Julia ! where 's Julia ? Christ , what have you do with she . she 's still back away . he 's still advance . frank kirsty . it 's Frank . it 's uncle Frank . kirsty no . frank you remember . kirsty no . frank come to daddy . her puzzlement , however , have slowed she retreat , and now frank reach for she . at the last moment she back away again , but he 's after she in a beat , and seize hold of she . kirsty no . get the fuck off I . he drag she back up the stair . 135 int . torture room day he push she ahead of he , into the torture room . he close the door . frank you have grow . you be beautiful . she have retreat as far from he as she can get . he advance on she . kirsty do not touch I . or so help I - frank what ? what will you do ? what can you do ? ( pause ) there 's nothing to be frighten of . frank have close in on she by now . he Lakes hold of she face . frank I bet you make you daddy proud , do not you ? beautiful . kirsty this be not happen . frank I use to tell myself that . use to try and pretend I be dream all the pain . but why kid yourself ? some thing have to be endure . take it from I . and that make the pleasure so much sweeter ... as he lean in to kiss she she snatch hold of the pus and bloodstain shirt that 's glue to he abdomen , and pull . there 's a flow of fluid . frank 's head be throw back , and he scream . she slip from beneath he grasp . but he 's after she in a moment , he hand catch she blouse . it tear . his finger rake she bare skin . she stumble , reach out for the wall , which be slick with syke ' blood . her hand slide over it . she fall , heavily . Roaring , frank come in pursuit of she . on the floor in front of kirsty : the box . it 's a poor weapon , but it 's all she 's get . as he come after she again , she stand up and deliver a blow to he head with the box . he howl . she race for the door . but he 's after she . he strike she . she 's throw against the wall . he 's furious now . strike she again . she can not survive much more . she raise the box to retaliate . frank see what she 's hold . his attack stop . frank give that to I . she dimly realize that she have a bargain tool . kirsty ( breathless ) no. frank one last time . give I the box . kirsty you want it ? the monster 's eye glitter . Fucking have it ! she throw the box . it sail past frank and smashes through the window . frank no ! he go to the window . she take she chance . she 's out of the door in a moment . no ! 136 int . upper landing day kirsty propel herself out of the room , and down the stair , while frank vent he anger above she . 137 int . hallway day she fling open the front door , and pitch herself - bleed and bruise - into the daylight beyond . 138 ext . number 55 day as she stumble away down the path , she see the box at she foot , in a litter of break glass . she pick it up , and continue to run . 139 ext . lodovico STREET day a series of shot from kirsty' p.o.v. , as she stagger along the street . the sound - track whine ; the image threaten to be eclipse by darkness . people stare at she as she run . a child point . finally , the camera slow . she stand still . a voice , off camera : voice ( o.s. ) be you all right ? the camera swing giddily around in the direction of the speaker . a woman come into view . woman do you need any help ? as she speak , the picture fade to white . 140 kirsty' dream ( part two ) the whiteness continue to fill the screen . distant , incoherent voice be hear , and the thump of blood in the inner ear . then darkness seep into the whiteness , pattern like Rorschach inkblot : ambiguous , yet interpretable as sexual or horrific imagery . with the darkness , soaking over the scene like blood through the sheet in she first dream , fragment of frank 's previous dialogue . frank come to daddy . kirsty this be not happen . frank some thing have to be endure ... the darkness be fill the screen ... take it from I ... now , total darkness . ... come to daddy ... and suddenly , she wake . 141 int . hospital room night kirsty be lie in a bed in a private room . a nurse be at she bedside , monitoring she condition . nurse you be awake . she go to the door . I will get the doctor . she exit . kirsty try to sit up . her head hurt , badly . as she achieve a sit position , the door open . the nurse return , with a doctor . doctor ( approach the bed ) so ... you be back with we . kirsty I think so . doctor how be you feel ? kirsty tender . doctor you take quite a beat . do you remember what happen ? she look at he , uncertain of where to start . kirsty I want to speak to my father ... doctor ( nod ) of course . we will bring you a telephone . the nurse exit . the doctor bring the box from he pocket . maybe this will jog you memory . he lay it on the bed . she stare at it , she expression betray nothing . I have the Devil 's own job get it out of you hand . do it ring any bell ? she shake she head . do you want it leave ? kirsty why not ? he offer she a reassure smile . doctor Chin up . there 's no serious damage . and you be safe here . kirsty um. he leave the room . kirsty pick up the box , tentatively . she turn it over in she hand , examine it . 142 int . upper landing night frank be stand in the shadow . he be wear a fresh shirt . he smirk . julia watch he . downstair , the telephone ring . julia be very nervous now ; desperate even . julia she will tell they everything ... frank I do not think so . she will want Larry first . julia that 's probably she now . or the police . frank maybe . julia do not you care ? frank there 's very little I can do about it . julia maybe we should just leave - frank like this ? look at I ! like this ? julia well we can not just stay here - frank I need a skin . then we leave - 143 int . hospital room night kirsty be sit up in bed . on the bedside table , a telephone . she be now thoroughly engross in the problem of the box . her finger speed over the surface , look for some way in , testing its strength . suddenly , a click . her face light up with pleasure , as she slide a part of the box open , revealing new intricacy . and to accompany the revelation , a tinkling tune . she smile . it 's a musical box . the light beside the bed flicker , but she do not notice . the door open . it 's the nurse . nurse comfortable ? kirsty ( smile ) sure . nurse any luck with you father ? kirsty ( shake she head ) he 's probably get a meeting . I call a friend of mine . he 's come ; be that o.k .? nurse of course . the nurse exit . as she do go the light flicker again . the box click . a new facet be reveal ... kirsty smile . 144 ext . number 55 night the front door close . larry ( inside ) Julia ? 145 int . hallway night larry stand in the hall . julia come down the stair . she look pale ; even ill . larry what 's wrong ? julia I do not know where to begin ... larry what be you talk about ? julia it 's better you see for you - self - she turn and start up the stair . he follow . 146 int . hospital room night kirsty have open more of the box . the tune be more complex now . somewhere a bell have start to ring . now , she work the final mechanism of the box . the bedside light flicker and go out . the bell ring . Light pour out of the box . she drop it , shocked . the bedside light come on again . she look up . in the wall opposite the end of she bed , a very narrow doorway have simply open in the wall . leave the box on the bed , she get up and go to the gap . as she approach she hear the distant , rhythmical sob of a baby . she stand at the doorway . 147 int . corridor to hell night we look back at she , a diminutive figure frame against a shot of light , from way , way down the corridor . 148 int . hospital room night the sobbing go on . kirsty stare down the corridor - which be light brightly in some place , and be absolutely dark in other - not certain of whether to venture down it or not . she glance towards the door of she room , from the other side of which come the reassure sound of the hospital go about its business . what 's to fear ? 149 int . corridor to hell night she step into the corridor . the wall rise into darkness on either side of she , they surface like the interior of a pyramid , pitte with age , and rotting away . she start towards the sobbing child , bare foot on the impact earth of the passageway . the sobbing get louder as she advance , she form disappear entirely as she pass through the intermittent darkness . once , she glance back towards the Hospital room , to reassure herself that it 's still there . it be , though it 's no more than a sliver of light at the far end of the passageway . she advance a few more pace . the atmosphere be grow denser ; smoke thicken the air . then , a light glow at the other end of the corridor . the sound of the sobbing child cease . she stop walk . ahead , the smoke clear and the light brighten , and we see a creature - the engineer - hang in the space between the wall . it be in silhouette against the light , but we can see enough to know that it resemble no earthly animal . its vast black limb hold it suspend above the corridor , cling to the stone . its front limb , vestigial by comparison , hang down from beneath its vast head . its tail be curl over its back . kirsty 's expression register this horror . the engineer move into the light . its irise narrow to slit . from the tail a vast sting , ooze pus - like venom , glide into view . and then - - it come at she , advance along the corridor by brace its leg against the wall . its breath be a growl in its belly , until it move into darkness , when all sound from it cease , only to erupt again as it find the light . kirsty turn , and start to run . it come after she at speed . darkness , light , darkness , light ; roar and silence - its jaw spill its thick saliva ; its eye gleam . kirsty run blindly down the corridor , back towards the safety of the Hospital room . but it 's very close on she heel , linger - as she come within a few yard of the room it close on she . 150 int . hospital room night she fling herself through the door with the engineer 's breath on she back , and turn - the doorway have go . the wall be seal . she approach the wall . the engineer scratch on the other side ... then , she realise that the bell be still ringing . and there 's a foul smell in the air . she look around . she 's not alone . stand across the room from she , light by a strange phosphorescence that have no visible source , be four extraordinary figure . they be cenobite . each of they be horribly mutilate by system of hook and pin . the garment they wear be elaborately construct to marry with they flesh , lace through skin in place , hook into bone . the leader of this quartet have pin drive into he head at inch interval . at he side , a woman whose neck be pin open like a vivisection specimen . accompany they be a creature whose mouth be wire into a gape rectangle - the expose tooth sharpen to point , and a fat sweat monster whose eye be cover by dark glass . when the lead cenobite speak , we recognise the voice as that of the creature from the beginning of the film . kirsty stare in amazement . kirsty where the hell do you come from ? the cenobite gesture . the box be lie on the bed . cenobite the box ... you open it . we come . kirsty it 's just a puzzle box . cenobite it 's a mean to summon we - it 's call the lament con - figuration . kirsty who be you ? cenobite cenobite . explorer in the further region of experience . demon to some . angel to other . kirsty well , I do not mean to open that thing . you can go back wherever you come from . female cenobite we can not . not alone . at this , the creature with the wire open jaw chatter like a mad monkey . kirsty this be not for real . cenobite you solve the box . we come . now you must come with we . taste we pleasure . the chatter cenobite step towards she . kirsty do not touch I ! the door open . it 's steve . kirsty 's face flood with relief . steve do not register the cenobite ' presence however . kirsty Steve . thank God you come . steve what happen to you ? he step between the cenobite . kirsty this thing ... they want to take I - steve what thing ? cenobite ( to kirsty ) he do not see we , or hear we . we belong to you , kirsty . and you to we . kirsty no ! steve what 's wrong ? kirsty do not let they take I , Steve - steve I will not let anybody take you . he start to walk towards she , but the creature in the dark glass take a hook rod from its back and put the hook to steve 's neck . steve 's hand move to the place ; he make a small sound of pain . the cenobite take off its glass , to see its trick better . the eye beneath be sewn shut . it pull a little more on the hook . steve wince . female cenobite if he take another step , we open he throat . kirsty ( to Steve ) please go , Steve . steve what ? kirsty just go . please . I will be o.k. I be go to go see dad . he will look after I - steve ( protest ) what do I say ? kirsty will you go , damn you ? mystify , steve retreat a step . steve I will come back later , huh ? kirsty sure . why not ? still puzzle , steve cross to the door . steve ' bye . kirsty ' bye . female cenobite good . cenobite it 's time we be away . kirsty ( almost cry ) let I alone , will you ? cenobite no tear please . it 's a waste of good suffer . the chatterer come for she . as it do so desperation bring a plan to kirsty 's head . kirsty wait ! he stop . cenobite no time for argument . kirsty you do this before , right ? cenobite many time . kirsty to a man call Frank cotton ? female cenobite oh yes . kirsty but he escape you . cenobite nobody escape we . kirsty he do . I have see he . he 's alive . cenobite be that so ? and what be you propose ? kirsty I will take you to he . then you take he instead of I . back wherever you come from . the cenobite stare at she unblink . cenobite perhaps ... female cenobite but if you cheat we ... the sound of the engineer , scratch on the other side of the wall . the plaster crack , violently . cenobite we will tear you soul apart ! we cut back to the crack plaster , which crack further . we hear steve 's voice , and pan back into the room . the door open . kirsty and the cenobite have go . steve be there , with the nurse . steve she be tremble all over . nurse I would better go look for she . the nurse head for the door . steve maybe she 's go back to she - he look round . the nurse have go . steve - father . his eye have alighted on the box , which be lie on the bed . he pick it up . 151 ext . number 55 night light burn in the house , upstairs and down . 152 int . bedroom night julia sit in front of the dress table mirror . she have a glass of whisky in front of she . she sip from it , study she face in the mirror . we have see she in many mood through the story : now we see a mingling of fear and exhilaration on she face . she get up . laid out on the bed be , of all thing , she wedding gown . 153 int . steve's car night steve drive towards lodovico Street , scan the street for sign of kirsty . 154 ext . STREET night as he car drive past , kirsty turn a corner . he do not see she . kirsty hurry along the street . the wind be chilly . sometimes she hear a bell in it . 155 ext . lodovico STREET night steve drive up to the house . the light be still burn . he get out of the car , and hurry down the path . 156 ext . doorstep night he knock on the door . there 's no reply . 157 int . bedroom night two shadowy , naked figure stand face to face in the bedroom . we can see no detail of they feature . we move down they body . they be stand in a shine pool of blood . 158 ext . doorstep night steve start round the back of the house . 159 int . bedroom night the male of the couple pad towards the bedroom door , leave a trail of blood behind he . we can still see very little of the man . 160 ext . lodovico STREET night kirsty turn the corner of the street , and start down it . the wind be strong now . it be full of sibilant whisper , hurry she along . 161 int . bedroom night julia dress . 162 ext . doorstep night kirsty reach the doorstep . as she do so the whisper die away completely . she beat on the door . no reply . she beat again , more urgently . kirsty please ! dad ! it 's I ! it 's kirsty ! 163 int . landing night julia step onto the landing . we can hear kirsty shouting on the step . julia damn she . we hear a voice , off-screen . be it frank or larry ? impossible to be sure . voice answer it . 164 ext . doorstep night kirsty still beat on the door . kirsty please , answer I ! please - the door be suddenly open . julia be stand there . julia kirsty ? it 's very late . kirsty where 's daddy ? julia what 's the problem ? kirsty ( step inside ) I have to see my father . julia of course . there 's no need to shout . 165 int . dine room night we pan across the table . at the end of the table sit larry . the light be behind he . his feature be shadowy . but we can see that he be badly bruise . we hear the women ' voice , off -screen . julia you look terrible . have you have a accident ? kirsty I be here this afternoon . julia this afternoon . kirsty I see everything . julia I be sorry , I do not follow . what be there to see ? kirsty do not answer , but walk through into the dining room . kirsty see larry at the table . kirsty oh god. thank god. ( she start to sob ) I think something might have ... she glance round at julia , who have also enter . ( to Larry ) I have to talk to you . larry of course . larry lean forward , and into the pool of light over the table . he look much the worse for wear . his flesh be raw and bruise . there be blood at he neck and hairline . larry it 's all right , sweetheart . Julia 's tell I everything ; and it 's all right ... kirsty no . you do not understand . you brother - Frank - he 's here in the house . and he 's - larry whatever Frank do be he error . and it 's finish with now . kirsty finish ? larry ( smile ) he 's go . kirsty go ? julia Dead . larry he be insane , baby : a mad dog . I put he out of he misery - kirsty stare at larry , while in she head she hear the cenobite 's voice . cenobite ... we will tear you soul apart ... larry I will go to the police , when I be feel stronger . try and find some way to make they understand , though God know I do not really understand myself . do he hurt you ? kirsty be dumb with horror at she situation . larry ( lean back ) poor Frank . he 's better off dead . kirsty I do not believe it . larry I be afraid it 's true . kirsty ( tear in she eye ) I want to see . larry no you do not . kirsty yes ! larry ( to Julia ) show she . kirsty turn away from larry . julia lead she out into the hallway . CUT to larry , still sit at the table . his finger drum a familiar tattoo . beneath he breath , he hum ' Colonel bogey ' . 166 int . upper landing night julia push open the door of the torture room . it creak wide . lying on the floor inthe middle of the room be a skinned corpse , in a tangle of tear clothing . it steam . there be blood everywhere . that too , steam . kirsty be revolt . she step away from the door , back down the landing . the bell have begin to ring again , distantly , and there be the sound of wing in the air - thousand of bird - beat on the other side of the wall . kirsty start down the stair again . julia where be you go ? kirsty do not reply . she merely hurry away . julia ( call after she ) you leave this to we , you hear I ? we will deal with the police - 167 int . hallway night kirsty descend the stair . larry have step out of the dining room and be move to intercept she as she make she way to the front door . the sound of wing , and bell - and a terrible slow thunder which underpin it all - mount in volume . larry snatch at she arm . larry where be you go ? kirsty I have to get out . she shrug off he arm . the thunder be increase . larry stay with I - julia be on the stair , watch this exchange . larry - it 's all right . really it be ... he touch she face , fondly . kirsty I can not stay . she go to the door . larry come to daddy . she hesitates at the door , and turn . 168 int . hallway night ( kirsty' p.o.v . ) the thunder fill kirsty 's head , as she stare at larry , who have open he arm to she . larry come to daddy . her gaze move up to julia , who be on the stair . julia no , damn you - 169 int . hallway night kirsty ( mouth ) oh my God . everything be slow down . the bell and the thunder fill the soundtrack . larry smile , as kirsty move towards he . tear have begin to fill she eye . she search for he . his smile decay as he realize she objective . her nail rake he cheek . the flesh pucker , and tear along the brow . blood flow . the mask of steal flesh he wear slip a little , and frank 's twisted feature come into view . julia Frank ! kirsty scream , as frank lunge for she . the light in the hallway flicker , and threaten to go out . kirsty avoid frank 's blow , but in do so allow he to get between she and the front door . she 's trap . his tear face flap , he open he jacket ( the interior of which be blood -stain ) and pull a knife from the lining . suddenly , julia be behind she , grip hold of she hair . frank advance on kirsty , but in the last moment before the fatal stab kirsty twist , avoid the blow . julia shriek and stumble forward , the knife gleam as it 's bury to the hilt in she side . kirsty slip from between they . julia collapse into frank 's arm . he hold she up . kirsty make a dive for the front door , but frank let julia slip and intercept kirsty . julia fall back against the wall , die . kirsty retreat to the bottom of the stair . frank follow . frank you be not leave now - as he follow , julia reach out and take hold of he sleeve . kirsty flee the only route she can , upstairs . the house be creak in every board and rafter now . frank turn on julia , trapping she against the wall . , julia help I , Frank . for God 's sake . he put he hand around she neck , and lean towards she . at the last moment she seem to understand that he intend not to kiss she but to steal what little life she have leave . julia no , Frank - from the stair kirsty glimpsis he batter upon she . then she look away , and run up the stair . when we look back julia be wither in frank 's arm . 170 int . lower landing night the landing be smoky . the light have take on a yellowish tinge . the air be full of moan . kirsty be desperate for a hide place . she try one of the door , but it 's lock . she open another , and the din of bird ' wing get louder . 171 int . bird room night a p.o.v. shot , lung towards kirsty in the doorway . she slam the door in the face of whatever 's come for she . 172 int . hallway night frank hear the door slam . he drop julia to the ground . she 's dead , she flesh rotting on she face . frank start to climb the stair , he eye burn with hunger . 173 int . lower landing night kirsty be cornere . from below , frank 's voice . frank where be you , beautiful ? kirsty start up the second flight of stair , as frank 's shadow be throw up on the wall below . 174 int . upper landing night kirsty be face with a choice . the torture room door be open , but the skinned body be in there , so instead she head for the junk room , and open the door . 175 int . junk room night moonlight fall through the window , illuminate a chaos of furniture and box . she cross to the window , and try to get it open . it will not budge . frank ( somewhere below ) where be you , honey ? she look around for a lever to open the window with - 176 int . lower landing night frank reach the landing and open the bedroom door , call for she . then he start up the last flight of stair . frank come to daddy . 177 int . junk room night kirsty lift a cloth off one of the box . stare up from the box be the corpse of prudhoe , he eye and mouth open in a silent shriek . she reel back from the box , terrify , back into the shadow . a arm reach for she , take hold of she and drag she back into darkness as the door open . frank stand on the theshold . his breath be thick . he shamble forward , but he do not see she . we CUT back to the shadow . kirsty 's eye be wild with terror . back to the door , which click close . kirsty break cover , and so do she saviour . it 's steve . he be sweat with terror . kirsty ( a whisper ) what be you do here ? steve get in downstairs . look for you . what 's go on ? she shake she head . steve bring the box from he jacket . steve you forget something - she do not see what he 's produce . she 's already move to the door . she listen . 178 int . upper landing night the landing be empty . the door of the junk room open . kirsty step out . the house be strangely still . the light swing a little ; but otherwise ... nothing . she advance along the passageway . steve follow . they reach the top of the stair in safety . steve ( signall more than speak ) I will go first - as he speak , frank step out of the torture room , knife in hand . Roaring , he come at they both . kirsty fling herself out of the path of the knife . frank swipe at steve , who fall backwards down the stair . he cry out , head hit the stair as he descend . the box fall from he unconscious hand . frank turn on kirsty , who avoid one slice of the knife , and another , but be drive back into the torture room . 179 int . torture room night he 's after she in a flash . she fall beside she father 's body , she eye meeting its skinned face . kirsty God - frank do not cry for he . he 's dead . he always be . kirsty have be push to the limit of she endurance . she can be terrorize and pursue no longer . death look a easy option by comparison with more of frank 's horror . kirsty go on . kill I . I do not care . frank poor baby . kirsty you bastard frank hush now . it 's all right . Frank 's here . kirsty Frank . frank that 's right . be you lose you mind , baby ? this be Frank you be talk to . frank . as he speak the bell begin toll again . frank look puzzle . frank what 's go on ? Light begin to pour through the wall of the room . no . he start towards the door . but he 's too late . the cenobite be stand in he way . he back off from they . cenobite Frank - kirsty ( to cenobite ) what take you so long ? female cenobite we have to hear it from he own lip - frank turn on kirsty . frank you set I up ! you bitch . you set I up ! the pattern of light in the room have become more elaborate , and the cenobite move through it towards frank . cenobite ( to kirsty ) this be not for you eye . kirsty cross towards the door . as she reach for the handle she hear frank roar behind she . she turn . he break between the cenobite , knife in hand , but as he come within strike distance the air be full of whining sound and he stop dead . they have they hook in he , we see . in he arm and leg ; in he back and side ; in he scalp and neck and temple . hook attach to countless chain , which arrest he progress . they plough through he flesh as he strive to reach she . but at a gesture from the leader of the cenobite , the chain be haul in . he fling back he head , yell . the knife drop from he hand . cenobite ( to kirsty ) out ! she turn back to the door and open it . frank be haul back towards the centre of the room . frank bitch ! the house be growl from basement to eave now , as kirsty step onto the landing . 180 int . upper landing night behind she , frank howl . she look back . they have he in extremis , he body spread -eagle ; hook in a hundred place , pull at he flesh . he fight like a wild animal , snarling and cursing . they pull the chain tighter . 181 int . torture room night a close up of frank 's face . he suddenly stop fight . he raise he head , he eye stare up at kirsty from beneath a bleed , sweat brow . he flick he tongue over he bloody lip . then - - he come apart . 182 int . upper landing night the door slam as frank 's body be tear apart in a welter of blood and flesh fragment . something heavy thud against the door . kirsty turn and start down the stair . 183 int . stair night as she reach the place where steve be half -sitting , half - lie , the house start to growl as though its foundation be about to give way . steve 's nose be bleed , and he face be bruise , but he 's conscious . kirsty we have to get out of here . they will kill we for the fun of it . steve stagger to he foot . kirsty pick up the box , which be on the lower landing . as she pick it up , the female cenobite step from the shadow . female cenobite do not leave we yet - kirsty start to try and manipulate the box in she hand . female cenobite we have get such sight to show you - kirsty manage to slot one of the piece of the box back into place . female cenobite ... do not ... her voice become a howl , and she 's suck away into darkness . steve ( behind kirsty ) Jesus Christ . they start down to the half - landing . there stand the cenobite in the dark - glass , carry the hook rod he threaten steve with in the hospital . again , kirsty manipulate the box . again , the cenobite howl and be claim by the darkness . 184 int . hallway night they hurry down to the hallway , half expect another creature to step into they path . Dust be fall from the ceiling , and there be crack open up in the wall . any moment , surely , the whole place will be destroy . julia 's body have go from the hallway ; a trail of blood lead into the dining room . as kirsty and steve stumble across the hallway , they hear julia 's voice , off -screen , a eerie , ghostly voice . julia kirsty ... kirsty hesitates , and look towards the door of the dining room . there stand the bride , she white dress soak in blood , she veil cover she face . kirsty Julia ? kirsty take a step towards she , but as she do so the veil rise of its own accord , and the chatter cenobite be beneath . kirsty slam the box close . the cenobite howl , and disappear . steve head for the door . turn the handle . as he do so , kirsty realize there 's one piece of the box unfinish . kirsty do not ! too late . he turn the handle . the door be flung open , and the engineer , cling to the side of the door , swing down into the hallway . steve be flung backwards against kirsty . the box fall from kirsty 's hand . the beast move to bite at steve , who scramble out of the way , leave kirsty in the front line . the box lie between kirsty and the engineer , which now use its foreleg to crawl over the hallway towards she , its leg still brace it in the door . she snatch for the box . the engineer , its mouth ooze fluid , almost catch she arm . again , she try . this time one of its arm seize hold of kirsty and drag she towards its jaw . behind kirsty , steve snatch up a piece of plaster and fling it in the engineer 's face . it momentarily relax its grip on kirsty , who slide she hand from its hold and claim the box . she now have slime on she finger . the box defy she manipulation . steve come on ! come on ! the engineer crawl towards they . up above , the din of the roof collapse . timber and dust hurtle down the stair . kirsty shit. shit. shit. the engineer be almost upon she . it rear up , its saliva drop on she . and then , miraculously , the last piece of the box slot into place . the same vortex that seize the other cenobite seize the engineer . howling its complaint , it be draw out into the darkness beyond the door , and disappear . its voice grow thin , and fade . finally , silence . the house be still . kirsty get to she foot . steve do the same . together , they move to the door , and out onto the step . 185 ext . doorstep night the door slam behind they , of its own accord . kirsty turn the seal box over in she hand . there be a slit in it which have not quite close . Light suddenly pour from it , up into kirsty 's face . her feature be momentarily distort , as if suck towards the box . from within : shriek , bell , music . between the scream , frank 's voice . frank come to daddy ! she slam the panel shut . the distortion cease . so do the din . kirsty ( quietly ) not tonight . a smile cross she face , and she leave the doorstep , make she way towards the street . steve gaze at she , then follow . they figure be erase by the darkness . somewhere , a bell ring as ... the credit roll