hellraiser : hellseeker written by Carl dupre 10/27/2000 int . car drive down country road - day kirsty gooding look out the passenger window as the tree go whizzing past . she 's attractive , late twenty , warmly sophisticated . something make she smile . she turn to the driver and think real hard as she say this . kirsty okay . cubic root of nine thousand two hundred and sixty one . trevor be she husband , late twenty as well . God give he brain and beauty . he have use they both prodigiously . trevor twenty one . why do we have to do this now kirsty ? kirsty shut up and play darling . you turn . trevor five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four . kirsty uh ... eighty two ? trevor eighty four . kirsty take a calculator out of she purse and double check the math . kirsty you win ! okay pull over . trevor ( look at he watch ) but ... I think ... kirsty ( laugh ) if what I have hear be true this could be the last time for a long long time . besides we have get a whole seven minute before the next one . clock 's tick . tick-tock ... trevor wait a moment to see if she 's kid . kirsty ( through clench tooth ) pull over now . ( continued ) 2 . continued : then pull over to the side of the road . kirsty reach over , quickly unzip he pants immediately go down on trevor out of frame . he react accordingly . a little pleasure , utter shock . kirsty' voice ( from below frame ) honey what 's wrong ? kirsty rise into frame once again . trevor what be not wrong ? why be you do this anyway ? kirsty ( self-conscious ) I be ... I be do a very special thing here . and you can not even ... respond ? trevor sorry honey the present situation be not exactly fodder for a erection . should not we be get to the hospital ? full on kirsty . for the first time we see she big pregnant belly stick out . she look at trevor innocently . kirsty I be go to keep breathe you know . you think I be a amateur or something ? trevor stuff himself back in he pants , put the car in gear and press the accelerator . trevor just concentrate on the task at hand please . listen to I . you should be give I this lecture . kirsty you have be cheating on I have not you ? trevor yes I have a quickie with the neighbor during you last contraction . kirsty roughly two third of marry man who cheat start during the eighth month of they wife ' first pregnancy . ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor I would never cheat on you . not while you be pregnant now you know that . kirsty ( feature tightening ) okay ... uh oh here come another one . trevor share the pain kirsty . she take trevor 's hand and squeeze as hard as she can . in close up we see : a solved rubic' cube sit between they . do we need this vision of the solve rubic cube ? ext . road - day the car be approach a bridge . int . car - day trevor take he hand off the wheel to look at he watch . trevor ( cont 'd ) one fifteen . kirsty ( in dire pain ) oh God ...... trevor , I think my water just break . trevor grab the wheel again . kirsty gasp . kirsty ( cont 'd ) oh my God . it 's come out . trevor what ? kirsty the baby be coming out ! I can feel it ! sonofabitch it hurt !! aaagggghhh !!! trevor look at she , try to stay calm . trevor okay kirsty do not panic . just keep breathe ! don't panic ! put the seat back and hold on to something . be almost there ! ( continued ) 4 . continued : kristy 's hand move down the along side the seat between the door and she plunge back with the seat . she look at trevor wide eye . shes about to give birth in a chevrolet . kirsty oh my GOD trevor ! it hurt !! ( breathe heavily ) oh my God , oh my God . trevor , it 's come out . trevor this be not happen . kristy start to convulse with pain . she begin to tremble and she arm flail about in a attempt to ease she discomfort . she grab trevor arm for support . trevor honey , take it easy . you gonna be alright . kristy become more violent , kick she leg up onto the dashboard . she start grab trevor arm a little more violently , cause trevor to weave a bit on the road as he recoil . ext . car drive down country road - day the car lunge to the side of the road and weave a bit in the gravel . up ahead a bridge approach . int . car - day trevor regains control of the car . trevor ( cont would ) kristy ! take it easy . everything gonna be alright . com 'on , start the breathe , with I ... come on . one , two - three , and blow .. trevor start the lamann method alone , as kristy appear to have pass out from the pain . she have she head lean away from he and be limp in the passenger seat . trevor ( cont would ) krist . honey . kristy ! kristy do not answer . trevor put he arm on she and shake she . she do not react . ( continued ) 5 . continued : trevor ( cont would ) kristy ! honey wake up ! trevor attention be now on he unconscious wife rather than the two lane road which stretch across the bridge . trevor ( cont would ) honey , wake up . please wake up . and with that kristy 's do exactly that . she lunge toward he in a violent spasm and scare the shit out of he ( and we ) which cause trevor to now completely lose control of the car . int . / ext . car - day the rest be a blur ... ... trevor lose control of the steering wheel ... kirsty scream ... they car skid from one side of the bridge to the other - careen toward the guardrail - smash ! the car be plummete toward the river below . trevor and kirsty brace themselves . the car hit the surface ... int . river , underwater - day trevor flounder through a disorient flurry of bubbles . he break the surface and gasp for air . get he bearing he see the car bob on the surface , the current be separate he from he wife . tread water , he look out at the car and there she be trap inside ... kirsty still belt to she seat . her eye be wide with desperation , breath quicken , sink fast ... kristy pound the window with she hand , try to get out . she 's trap . apparently give in , she press a hand against the windshield just before the car disappear under the surface ... ext . shore - day trevor paddle hard to the shore . exhausted , he crawl onto the shore underneath the bridge they just jump . trevor stand try to process what just happen in the last fifteen second . he scream out for he wife , and to what have just happen . ( continued ) 6 . continued : trevor kristy ! kristy ! trevor drop to he knee 's in distress . trevor ( cont would ) oh my God , kristy ! please kristy . ( frantically ) I be so sorry , kristy . he hear something from above and look up . a chunk of the bashed - up guardrail from the bridge have just snap off and be sailing right down toward he - trevor black out just as the thing hit he white light flood he vision ... int . hospital room - day trevor 's eye blink open , darting leave and right . he be on a bed , he head bandage . a angular nurse enter the room , walk up to trevor 's bed . trevor where be she ...? where 's kirsty ? the nurse grab trevor 's right arm and strap it to the side of the bed . she be not exactly one of God 's gentler creature . trevor hey , what be you - she move to trevor 's leg , strapping they down as well , then he other arm . by now several surgeon enter the room , feature obscure by surgical mask . the nurse fasten a clamp around trevor 's head , attaches it to the bed . trevor be completely discombobulate . the surgeon gather behind trevor 's bed . close on trevor' face as he struggle to see what 's happen back there but it 's useless . ( continued ) 7 . continued : he can not move a muscle . he hear a sicken sawing noise and he eye bulge in horror . wide as the doctor calmly lift trevor 's freshly saw cranium from he head expose he brain . the chief surgeon - a large unshaven man with magnify lens alreaday in place make he eye enormous and he face grotesquely distort . he walk up , present with a tray full of evenly arrange pin . he crank up the magnification of he lene which make he eye appear even larger . though no one speak he name he name tag read Dr. barker . trevor what be you people do ?! the Chief surgeon take one of the pin and gently push into a trevor 's frontal lobe . trevor ( cont 'd ) what 's happen to -! trevor 's eye glaze over and he jaw relax . the chief surgeon speak in a english accent . chief surgeon as you can see I just access the speech center , temporarily shutting down all verbal ability . as the Chief surgeon continue he take several more pin off the tray . chief surgeon ( cont 'd ) the goal be find the exact point in the brain where moral decision be make , the place where right and wrong be distinguished . in explore this morality Center I will most likely be trigger memory , disrupt the unconscious . we patient may experience some distress during the proceedings but they be not due to pain . it be merely we patient - recalling he past ... Chief surgeon slip another pin into trevor expose brain . chief surgeon ( cont would ) as he be throw into the lake , where the beast and the false prophet have be throw . the Chief surgeon voice lower and he eye turn black . the eye magification no at a hideous level , show jet black eye . ( continued ) 8 . continued : ( 2 ) chief surgeon ( cont would ) where you will be torment day and night for ever and ever . ( rev.20:10 ) trevor look at the frown nurse who be watch over he . Chief surgeon stick a needle into another spot on trevor 's brain . trevor' Pov : the nurse be suddenly a pale gargoyle with blacken eye . trevor open he mouth to scream and - - in a burst of white light , a angelic woman be now stand before he . she be bath in a haze of white light . angelic woman well ? what do say trevor ? que pasa ? trevor relax . his binding be go . the gargoyle nurse be go . the surgeon be go . and he brain be sit safely within he inviolated skull , upon which now sit a few electrode . the bandage be no longer there . but from he pain wrack expression we know the pain in he head be still very real . he reach for he head , make sure its all intact . trevor where do I start ? angelic woman how 's the old noggin ? any change in the intensity ? she touch he gently . angelic woman ( cont would ) can you describe the pain ? trevor look up . the angelic woman smile back at he . she 's in scrub , a stethoscope dangle from she neck . trevor wince . trevor I be not sure . how about a jackhammer in the occipital lobe ? she pick up a pad and scribbles something on it . trevor notice she 's wear a nameplate . Dr. allison dormere . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 3 ) trevor be you a dream too ? allison still hallucinate as well . hmm ... trevor what just happen to I anyway ? it look like a dream but it feel like reality . allison it 's the morphine trevor . you be on so much of it , you could be asleep and dream even with you eye wide open . terevor quickly recall the accident . fearing the worst . trevor where 's kirsty ? where 's my wife ? allison ( confuse ) you wife ...? a older doctor walk in . ambrose . he give trevor a icy look , then look at trevor 's chart . allison ( to ambrose ) still a little hazy . he 's still in pain too , even after the morphine . I recommend we admit he . at least for another day ... ( lean in , sotto ) he just ask for he wife ... ambrose well I can not find any abnormality . I think we be ready for discharge . allison but , Dr. ambrose - ambrose ( look up at trevor ) I think it 's time to ween you off this painkiller too . would not want you to develop a dependency to they . you might do thing like come to the hospital for no reason other than to get a fix , would not you ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 4 ) ambrose give trevor a fatherly smile then exit , not even look at allison . allison watch he go , then turn back to trevor ... then smile perkily . allison well look like you be go home ! hope you bring you bus pass . int . bus - night trevor start nodd out . the bus be practically empty . two black child a boy and a girl sit across from trevor . a creepy old woman sit further back , knitting something . a church bell ringing cause trevor to wake again up , wince at the sound . as the church pass the bell become louder and louder . trevor hear laughter and look up at the child . the girl and she brother seem to be play - fight over a toy they hold between they . trevor look at the toy get stretch this way and that . trevor do you kid mind keep it down ? the creepy old woman speak up . old woman aww let they be . they be only kid . trevor notice what the Old woman be knitting be a baby 's bootie . as the child continue to laugh at he trevor stare at the bootie tear welling up . int . trevor be apt . - night trevor life in a dingy place , one step up from poverty - level . funny thing be this use to be a nicer place . we see remnant of a feminine touch long since past . dirty dish sit in the sink . a cockroach skitter across the kitchenette . trevor sit at he tv play a extremely violent videogame . we be talk head get blow off , body explode , limb be severe . as the end end a demonic voice chuckle from the tv . demonic voice from tv you lose ... the screen flash try again ? trevor take a swig of beer and sit back in the easy chair look at something atop the tv . a picture of kirsty . 11 . int . trevor' kitchen - night trevor look through a old photo album . picture of he and kirsty . some picture of he . a lot of picture of kirsty . smile , smile , smile ... he stop at one close up of they mugging at a camera they have point on themselves . all we see be they face , the rest be dark and blurry , except for one thing . a small shadowy object kirsty be hold . ext . cubic route actuarial research - day dress in a button down shirt and tie , trevor walk up to the pale utilitarian box - like structure . int . cubic route , bullpen - day it be a maze of cubicle iced by harsh fluorescence . it be a mill of data research , where the tapping of finger on computer keypad never end ... int . trevor' cubicle - day ... no thanks to trevor , who have already resume he head - in - hand position at he desk . he rub he eye , seemingly blind by the screen stare back at he . a man trevor 's age roll up on he office chair beside trevor , bang into the desk . bret . trevor 's co-worker and cubicle mate . bret trevor what be the metric probability of you get any work do at all today ? trevor hey bret . Christ , my head feel like a split coconut . bret dude there be a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom . it be make by you ass . you have be drag it all fuck week . what happen to you yesterday ? bret eye trevor suspiciously . then smile ... bret ( cont would ) you never come back after lunch . do you get a piece o'ass , you bastard ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : trevor give I a break . I check back into the hospital - amongst other thing . bret Hospital ? you have not be to the hospital since uh ... trevor since what ? bret ( get uncomfortable ) look never mind . just get some number go - any number at all will due . the hill have eye remember ? bret casually gesture to a surveillance camera overhead that sweep across the room like a prison spotlight . bret ( cont 'd ) I be just look out for ya . bret slide back over to he work station . trevor put he hand on the computer key and start to type . a jolt of pain rip through he cranium force he to stop . bret stop type and breathes a exasperate sigh . bret sixty five point three percent of all headache be due to low sugar level in the bloodstream trevor . a light bulb seem to go off over trevor 's head . int . break room - day Inside the narrow room blast in fluorescent light , trevor eye a vend machine , examine its ware . he peruse the sundry sugary snack , look for just the right fix . it 's so quiet in here we can almost hear he head pound in pain . he shut he eye . a couple of the fluorescent bulb over he head wink out and the rest flicker weakly . when trevor open he eye again he notice the room have get considerably darker . he look up at the weaken light and grunt in disgust . ( continued ) 13 . continued : the light be just dim enough now so that he can not see what 's in the vend machine . he go right up to the glass and peer into the machine , use he hand as a visor . this strain on he eye intensify he headache . it 's still pretty murky inside the glass case . trevor squint and just when he think he can read a wrapper on ... what be it ? a candy bar ? - a pale hand suddenly press against the glass from inside the machine . trevor jolt backwards . the hand be go . but in the reflection of the glass trevor notice someone have be stand behind he . he whirl around - - and be face to face with we worst nightmare : pinhead . pinhead it 's too late . pinhead lash out at trevor strike he face with a claw hand the rip he face clean off . the light be back up as trevor slam against the machine and grab he face . it 's still there ! where pinhead be stand be the woman who just slap he . woman SNAP out of it ! she be attractive and studious . her sensible business attire can not hide a very curvaceous body . this be trevor 's supervisor gwen . gwen Jesus what the hell be that ? it 's like you see a ghost or something . trevor slowly peer into the vend machine . nope . nobody here but you average every - day candy bar . trevor be dumbfounded . gwen ( cont 'd ) ( angrily ) come on speak up , good , I be try to run a business here . I can not have people flipping out in the break room when they should be slave away at they desk . trevor sorry I just kind of ... space for a second there . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) gwen well do not let it happen again . or I may have to spank you . gwen grin sinfully at trevor and push he shoulder back against the vend machine . before he realize it , she 's kissing he real hard . he gently duck out from under she , freeing himself . gwen ( cont 'd ) get back here , junior bean counter . this be you supervisor speak . trevor please , gwen . you be - you be all over I . gwen how do you think you get this job , cock ? ( cozy up to he ) mmm . I be still tingling all over from we little midnight swim . trevor look constipate . he have no recollection of this . gwen stroke he face . gwen ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , trev ? trevor nothing , look . gwen I really like you - gwen and it show . least it do last night at the quarry . in a big way . trevor gently push she off he again . trevor please you be go way too fast for I here . gwen you 're give I a speed ticket ? Mr. mario andretti himself ? trevor gwen , my wife 's dead . gwen oh I see . that again . trevor ? I realize it must be hard . but Christ how long do it take someone to move on ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 3 ) trevor that be cold ... gwen no , make another woman compete with someone who 's be dead eight month . that 's cold . this go through trevor like a shot . EIGHT month ! here we go - dolly in zoom out ! in Close up of trevor we ... flashback quick flash of kirsty 's hand pound on the windshield , the car sink into the lake , a quick cut of a dark figure with a bright ring , and shot of two naked body slamm against each other in climax course through trevor 's mind . finally , over the image of erotica we hear gwens voice as one of the character . gwen ( cont would ) yeah , trevor thats it . thats it . and back in the real world , trevor be now lock lip with a very ready gwen . his hand be up she skirt . he stop abruptly and pull back . trevor I be sorry gwen . I do not know what 's happen to I . ( zipping up ) I think it 's the painkiller , really . gwen roll she eye . she re-adjust she self and now get a little pissy . she 's hear this one before . trevor ( cont 'd ) they mess with my head . yesterday get black out and a memory from month ago be play out in vivid technicolor . like the accident just happen you know ? gwen soften up . trevor be so earnest , so vulnerable . gwen why do not you let I take you out tonight ? I promise to make it the most memorable night of you life . she kiss he . he brace himself . she grab he butt , then go for the door . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 4 ) gwen ( cont 'd ) pick you up round seven . and good ? get some fuck work do . int . trevor' cubicle - day trevor relentlessly crunch number at he computer . he pause a moment to stretch and rub he eye . a ping from he computer announce he have a interoffice memo - file attached . trevor go to the mailbox on he screen , click . up come a jpeg slideshow . each picture be of gwen dress in a piece of sexy lingerie . the caption underneath read work harder . look around he cubicle , he then take another look at the jpeg . trevor stand up in the cubicle and we see he peer the outer office look for gwen . he sit back down . embarrass trevor close the memo at least for now . trevor' phone ring . startle he ( and we ) . he pick it up . trevor ( into phone ) you get trevor . man' voice ( from phone ) trevor hi this be detective Lange from homicide . it 's about you wife . push in on to a bewilder trevor . int . lange's office , homicide - day it be a dank crumble room . a place where sunlight be not welcome . detective lange , a handsome gray gentleman who 's plague with a chronic case of post nasal drip , sit at he desk . trevor sit across from he . behind trevor be another empty desk . as Lange speak he sniff wetly every so often . lange ( to trevor ) thanks for come down Mr. good . have you head heal okay by now ? trevor where 's my wife ? lange okay then . here 's the scoop . ( continued ) 17 . continued : Lange take out nasal drop and squeeze some in each nostril as he speak . lange ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) we still have not be able to locate you the body in that river . and miss person turn up some evidence that qualified the disappearance as foul play . trevor what evidence ? lange for one thing there be no skid mark on that bridge , the tire be all intact , from what we could tell , nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either . like the car have be drive off the bridge intentionally . trevor it should all in the report . I tell you guy everything . she be give birth in the fuck car . she grab the wheel and I lose control . lange I do read that , yes . ( flipping through the report ) what hospital be you go to ? I mean the lodovico Street Bridge be not exactly on the way to mercy General . trevor look numb , unable to answer . Lange poker face , keep look through the reoport . lange ( con 't ) ( cont would ) listen we really be at a stalemate here until we find the body itself . be there any way you do not tell miss person everything that happen just before that accident ? trevor why would not I tell you everything ? ( impatiently ) look , I have be fully cooperative ... ( quick to add ) ... to my recollection . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) lange I be sorry Mr. good , I mean no disrespect . I be just do my job here , ok ? I mean between you head injury and the fact that you be on very strong pain medication , you might not be remember a few detail about the crash which might help we here . Lange take a deep hit of the nasal spray . lange ( cont would ) what you be recalling could be a fabrication you have make up about it . do you follow ? close on trevor' face as he wrestle with this notion . flash back : int . trevor be car - day kirsty 's eye be close . she be motionless . trevor try to look at she while watch the road at the same time . trevor kirsty . Jesus , wake up ! this time she do not wake up . ext . road - day the car fishtail . trevor lose control and the car skid from one side of the bridge to the other - careen toward the guardrail - smash ! the car be plummete toward the river below ... the car hit the surface ... int . underwater - day trevor flounder through a disorient flurry of bubbles . he swim up to the passenger door and try the handle . it will not give . unable to breathe trevor finally swim up ... ext . shore - day he break the surface and crawl onto the shore ... he look out at the car to where she should be trap inside ... ( continued ) 19 . continued : trevor eye be wide with desperation , breath quicken , the car be sink fast ... he look at the car and call out , but there be no kristy insight . the car disappear under the surface ... trevor hear something from above and look up . a chunk of the bashed - up guardrail be sailing right down toward he - trevor black out just as the thing hit he int . lange's office - day lange Mr. good ? you still in there ? trevor blink and look around he . Lange be sit just where they be when he see he last . only now there 's a very wary look on he face . whoa . trevor uhh . yes detective , sorry . just try to recollect , you know ? Lange nod . trevor ( cont 'd ) okay . from what I remember now , maybe my wife be throw from the car when it hit the water . maybe she be not trap inside . Lange check the report again . he believe trevor ... or do he ? lange's voice that 's a start . I will tell the people trawling the river maybe it make a difference maybe not . thanks for you help trevor . if we have any more question you will get a call from myself or my partner detective given . Lange stand up and back up awkwardly to a file behind he desk . trevor stare at he suspiciously . trevor you guy know something I do not ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : lange all thing consider we probably know a lot less than you do . have a good afternoon , Mr. good . trevor exit , both man maintain eye contact as the door close between he . ext . bus stop - night the bus pull up to the curb . trevor climb out and start walk down the empty street . as soon as the bus pull away , the only sound hear be trevor 's footstep . Pov behind trevor : we see trevor 's back from a slight distance . someone be follow he . sense this , trevor look behind he . nothing but a empty sidewalk . trevor hurry he pace , almost there at he apartment building . he glance behind he again . nope , nobody there ... then suddenly - -a dark figure pass under a streetlight on the opposite side of the street . trevor turn a corner no pick up the pace a little . the dark figure follow , it pick up it 's pace as well . trevor walk a d approach a small alley way . should he take this home ? a enraged pitbull nearly rip he nose off as it bark and lunge to the end of a heavy chain leash . trevor ( and we ) about piss we pant 's . the dog continue bark , trevor regains he composure . suddenly the dog attention move toward the direction of the dark figure . amazingly , it stop bark and actually cower back into the shadow . spook , trevor rush up to : ext . trevor be apt . - night he hurry up to he apartment building and let himself in . int . trevor be apt . - night he look out on the street . the figure be walk up the building opposite he . it 's feature be shroud in shadow , but it be definitely stare at trevor , who slam the apartment door behind he . he peer out at the street from inside the front hall . the figure be go . ( continued ) 21 . continued : trevor look around the apartment . he open the fridge , it light up the darken room . he grab one of the three item sit on the wire rack . about to twist off the cap off a cold beer , when a light out he window urge he to investigate . he draw the curtain open and gasp . Pov out window : stare back at he , from a dimly light window in the apartment building across the street , be the shadowy man that follow trevor home . the man 's face be shroud in shadow but trevor can see he 's hold something bundle up in a blanket . the light in the window wink out , rendering it dark again . trevor can almost still see the figure somewhere in the darkness still gaze at he . trevor look a little sick all of a sudden , like he can not breathe . the bell from a distant cathedral begin to peel . bong ... bong ... bong ... trevor open he mouth to draw in a breath but instead spit out a massive amount of water ! bong ... bong ... bong ... trevor fall to the ground , arm and leg thrashing , heaving up mouthful of water . trevor be drown ... bong ... bong ... bong ... in the puddle of water , we see bit of debris : leave , pebble , etc . finally , a hideous eel - like creature 's head poke out of trevor 's gape mouth - it escape and slither across the floor , up the window sill and out into the night . - the ringing bell stop abruptly and he take in a humongous lungful of sweet oxygen . he then notice he be completely dry . stun , he look about he . trevor be now lay on the easychair , nursing a beer . his videogame be flash play again ? whoa . the bing - bong ! of he doorbell startles he . trevor get the door to find a strike young gothic woman on the other side . Black hair , lipstick , fingernails . she smile ( too brightly for someone with such somber appointment ) then summarily lift she shirt to just below she breast for trevor . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) gothic woman here it be , what do you think ? trevor look down at she stomach , the lower half of which contain tattoo which just break the surface of she jeans . at its center be a navel pierce with a studd black pearl , which gothic woman then play with . trevor look a little confuse . gothic woman ( cont 'd ) I see it on the counter , look at the name and the rest be history . it 's like , name after I . well ...? trevor ( get uncomfortable ) oh. uh ... it 's beautiful . I be sorry , I have just be have a weird day ... tawny I totally understand . listen I do not know if you be into incense but , I buy some , it 's call witching hour . to inhale it be to love it . I mean the stuff will clear you head big time . come on over , I will burn some for you . if you can not sleep tonight ... she jab a thumb down the hall behind she . tawny ( cont 'd ) ... knock on my door , I be a total insomniac . trevor no , thanks I have get a ... a date tonight - his eye roam she , he finally find a tattoo on she shoulder read : trevor ( cont 'd ) - tawny . tawny ( eyebrow raise ) whew . you bounce right back do not you ? trevor what do you mean ? tawny do not you like ... whole life get totalled last week ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 3 ) trevor last week ... tawny the car accident ? any of this ringing a bell ? trevor eye she nervously then : trevor it 's not that kind of date . tawny hey even if it be more power to ya. ( awkwardly ) alrighty then . have a good time . tawny amble off to she apartment . trevor close the door and lean against it . he slide down the door and cover he face with he hand . another headache come on . int . trevor be apt . - seven thirty trevor pace in he live room . look at watch . then the door . still no sign of gwen . int . trevor be apt . - day trevor rummages through a closet . reaching up to a shelf above he , he tug at a big cardboard box and pull . the entire box come crash down and out spill about fifty vhs tape , all hand - label : kirsty &amp ; trevor , then the date . he put one in the vcr , hit play ... it 's he wedding video . trevor watch the festivity of the wedding on the screen , he smile for the first time . the wedding portion of the tape end and a not -so-clean edit take we into the honeymoon . close on the tv screen : int . trevor be apt . - night trevor hold the camera on kristy who be under the cover in a generic hotel room . she look into camera as trevor adjust focus and square up the frame . kirsty well trevor . it 's be one year . Three hundred sixty five day . ( continued ) 24 . continued : trevor ( off camera ) eight thousand seven hundred sixty hour . five hundred twenty five thousand ... kirsty watch trevor roam the room . she very comfortable on camera . kirsty how do feel to be Mr. kirsty Hughes for a whole year . trevor ( off camera ) in a word ? lucrative . kirsty the best business decision if you ever make I will bet . trevor ( off camera ) enjoyable too . the merger never even feel work for one second . kirsty you know what the family lawyer tell I one we wedding day ? trevor ( off camera ) what ? kirsty never to put you in my will . trevor ( off camera ) really ? why ? kirsty because you would be stay with I for I and not because you would get rich if I die for some reason . trevor but you have more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet kirsty there be no wisdom , no insight , no plan ( prvb 21:30 ) they share a moment . kristy stare at he quietly through the camera . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) kirsty ( cont 'd ) and besides , I think , to hell with it ... it 's okay if you only marry I for my money . trevor ( off camera ) really , why 's that ? kirsty I only marry you for you body . they laugh . the camera now look away from kristy and into trevor suitcase . trevor pull out a wrap present . a small tightly wrappp , perfectly square gift . kirsty ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? the camera now back on kristy . and the present come up into frame . trevor ( off camera ) happy anniversary , Mrs. good . kirsty for I ? trevor ! how romantic ! come here , you . the camera begin to wobble as trevor climb onto the bed . its land sideways , and we see sheet and cover rustling , accompany by the sound of giggle and kissing . the tape end . snow . int . trevor be apt . - night from the couch trevor watch this ... any of this ringing a bell ? bing bong ! trevor get up and pop the tape out . bing bong ! he slowly walk toward the door . he open it to find a pitch dark hallway . trevor hello ? who 's out there ? gwen suddenly come out of the darkness clamping she mouth onto he and examine he tonsils with she tongue . ( continued ) 26 . continued : gwen sorry I be late dear . trevor look like he would be more turn on sit bare - ass on a autopsy table . trevor gwen you scared the live shit out of I . she push he toward the chair and sit he in it . gwen you be turn into a old fuddy duddy . shoe . gwen put one foot on he chest . gwen ( cont 'd ) come on do not make I beat you . trevor pull the shoe off . gwen ( cont 'd ) other shoe . trevor do the same for the other leg . gwen ( cont 'd ) good boy . ( look around ) where 's be it ? trevor what ? gwen we little toy . you usually have it up and run by now . trevor do I really want to know what you be talk about ? smash CUT to : a videocamera on a tripod taping gwen kissing trevor on the easy chair . the cable from the camera run all the way to the tv where we see what 's happen as well . ( continued ) 27 . continued : it 's intense . gwen be on top . gwen aggressively pull trevor 's shirt off then go for he belt . trevor suddenly grab she hand . gwen you be kid I . trevor I be sorry gwen . I just can not . gwen climb off the chair and throw she jacket back on . gwen you have definitely get a screw loose , trevor . Goodbye . stuff she foot in she shoe , gwen 's out the door . trevor sigh , relieved the attack be finally over . about to turn the tv off and stow away he camera . he look at the tv and freeze . the image on the tv show that gwen be still there , undress trevor . only video trevor be give in , kissing she back , pull she clothes off . trevor look at the camera . the red " record " light be flash . trevor turn back to the tv walk closer and closer to the screen . trevor what the hell ? he wave a hand in front of the camera and he hand actually appear on the tv in front of the sex image . trevor watch trevor and gwen make love in video . video trevor turn to the the camera ( to trevor ) and give a menace smile . video trevor look back up at gwen , who smile down at he carnivorously . she lick she lip . video gwen there 's one thing I should have tell you right from the beginning trevor . video trevor do not see a knife she manage to slip out of she purse . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) video gwen ( cont 'd ) I like it pretty rough . to trevor 's shock gwen suddenly drag the knife right across he throat . blood shoot up at gwen 's grin face . blood pour out of trevor 's mouth and down he chest . from the color screen trevor , have just see himself get murder , shout : int . hospital room - day trevor no ! allison stand above he bic razor in she glove hand . the bottom half of trevor 's face be cover with shave cream . allison sorry I think you be go to stay under longer . his face be clean shaven , a little shave cream remain around he chin . he now have several electrode attach to he cranium . they be connect to a eeg which beeps loudly . the noise bother trevor . his eye dart this way and that . he focus on the bic razor . trevor what 's happen to I ? what be you do ? allison you come in for you eeg . you fall asleep and well , I take the liberty of ... I be sorry . you look like a wreck trevor . trevor seem to like the attention . trevor I just have the most vivid dream . I be sure I be die . allison well you can relax now you be quite alive . and as long as you be awake , chin up . trevor put he chin up and allison continue shave he neck . trevor study she face . ( continued ) 29 . continued : allison ( cont 'd ) well ? what do you say trevor ? que pasa ? trevor ( groggily ) let I see . oh yeah . my head feel like it 's go through a meat grinder . I be not sure if I be dream or ... allison ( interupt ) that `poor I ' attitude do not suit you trevor . listen , I do not mean to sound like pollyanna but thing could be worse . there 's one good thing about come so near to the end of one life . everything be new and exciting , like you see it for the first time . you might see thing a litlle differently from now on . trevor you insight be enlighten . allison no wisdom , no insight , no plan . allison give he a wink , disarming trevor . trevor my wife say that exact same sentence to I the day we get marry . she even wink too . allison smile and put she hand on he . allison do you use this wife thing to hit on all the intern ? trevor ( smile ) no ... just you . allison wipe he face clean with a towel . allison there . just like a baby 's butt . allison get up , grab a clipboard start fill out a report . trevor stare at she . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor allison ? why can not remember what happen to my wife ? be it something I be on that 's ... that 's make I forget ? allison easy there trevor . you need to relax . trevor no I need to remember . look whatever it be take I off it . I can handle pain . I can not handle not know ... allison you need to get better first trevor . Way better . ( scribbling in the chart ) it 's okay to miss somebody . it 's okay to still love someone after they be go . but you have get to quit blame yourself okay ...? okay ? allison look up and notice trevor 's body have slacken , he eye empty . she drop the clipboard and start snap she finger over he eye . allison trevor ? he be unconscious . a loud steady buzz sound from one of the machine behind she as blood begin to leak out of trevor 's ear . allison jump up and hit call button above trevor 's bed . allison ( cont 'd ) code blue ! she yank trevor 's johnnie down , wheel a defribulator over to he die body and grab the paddle . allison ( cont 'd ) it 's okay trevor I be come for you . allison rub the paddle together , press the paddle against trevor 's chest and - int . trevor be apt . - day - trevor sit bolt upright in he bed . his alarm clock be make that same buz noise . ( continued ) 31 . continued : trevor be completely disorient . he see a note lay next to he on the bed . it say '' you be a animal baby ... you - know - who ...î he finally look at the clock . Seven forty five . trevor shit , I be gonna be late ! int . trevor' cubicle - day trevor be on he computer type madly . on the screen we see he have access the local newspaper . he call up a article read : accident leave one hospitalized another missing . he look at a newspaper picture of the bridge , which be hum with rescue activity . trevor 's head be pound . he go into he desk drawer and pull out a bottle of aspirin . trevor empty the last of the bottle 's six tablet into he hand , downs they , chase they with what 's leave of a economy size bottle of mylanta . trevor can not seem to even look at he computer screen . he hear a ding - ding and look up . he have a instant office message wait . trevor click ok . the instant message read : '' it's too late .î trevor rapidly type up . '' who be this .î the same message be repeat . '' it's too late . it's too late . it's too late .î trevor stand up and look around mazelike structure of cubicle as far as he can see . all of he co- worker be slave away on they keypad . trevor sit back down and cancel the instant message . he ruminate for a moment . from behind bret 's finger tapping on the keyboard seem to get louder , more frustrated . they finally stop and bret stretch momentarily . bret must be nice . trevor what ? bret get pay for do shit . bret go back to work again , finger hammering away . trevor come on , bret . ( continued ) 32 . continued : bret seriously man , you oughta work for the government . you have get the sense of urgency for it . trevor himself begin to type , slowly , reluctantly . trevor look , I be do my best consider okay ? bret hey if the boss do not notice who care right ? just slack all the live long day if you want . trevor the boss will not notice I do a bad job because I be not . even if the boss think I be slack I would know right away . bret yeah , how 's that ? trevor ( smug ) I have my connection bret really ? do tell . trevor ( smile ) gwen . bret freeze . he then look at trevor , eye bulg . bret gwen ? trevor I crap you not . she be all over I yesterday in the break room . and she be a total machine last night too . bret you be suppose to have a date with gwen last night ? gwen deardon ? the supervisor ? trevor serious as a heart attack my friend . I think she literally fuck I brain out . ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) bret ( super sarcastic ) wow that 's quite a feat trevor congratulation . must be really tough to get you brain fuck out by a corpse . trevor stop and look at bret . trevor what be you talk about ? bret I ? this be you sick joke man . gwen be murder here six month ago . the security guard find she all over she office . her head be in the waste paper basket . her stomach be in the filing cabinet . her ass be on the copy machine ... trevor be speechless . bret ( cont 'd ) they never find the sicko who do it ... remember ? trevor still can not speak . he go into he computer mailbox and re-open the file he would receive from '' you know who . '' he stifles a scream when he see the jpeg have change . sure they be still of gwen . piece of she swim in puddle of she own blood . where it once say '' work harderî it now say '' Police file . '' trevor ( to himself ) Jesus Christ ... trevor look behind he to make sure bret have not see any of this . he 's face he own computer type away . bret man be you ever out of the loop . either that or you have get the worst sense of humor this side of Jeffrey dahmer . what be you problem anyway ? trevor quickly delete the entire file . finally ... ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 3 ) trevor honestly bret ? I think I lose my mind . and now I be find piece of it , like piece of a wreck car , scattered on the side of the road . a beat . bret Bud you need to decompress . I tell you you come back to work too soon after the accident . trevor say nothing . bret ( cont 'd ) hey you know what trev ? I be go to hook you up man . here ... bret wheel across the cubicle on he chair and hand something to trevor . it 's a oddly design postcard bear some sort of voodoo mask . the font be faux - Oriental , the kind they use for chinese take - out menus . he look closer . it 's a appointment card for a acupuncturist . Sage . bret ( cont 'd ) this woman will take one look at you and know exactly what you need . int . sage's office - day a chart of all the puncture point on the human body be tack to the wall . trevor lie on the table . sage , a gorgeous ethereal indian woman be at the far end , hover over the sole of he foot , stick pin into the appropriate place . she look up at he slyly . sage this headache you have be get . do they happen in conjunction with the hallucination ? Sage walk over to one of the cabinet , gather more acupuncture needle . trevor can not help but notice she shapely body , she feline gait . Sage throw a sultry glance over she shoulder at he , prompt he to finally answer she question . trevor ( unsure of himself ) yes , sort of . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 . continued : trevor ( cont would ) my head 's be in constant pain since the ... accident . and the pain increase whenever I , uh ... slip into another , I do not know what to call they ... Sage come back to he , several needle in one hand . she look into he eye . sage dream ? trevor I be go to say dimension . but I guess technically they be dream . sage you should always listen to you subconscious . it 's try to tell you something about you waking life . Sage begin apply the needle fluidly to he upper body now . trevor ( cont 'd ) but I never feel like I be sleep . it 's sort of , waking narcolepsy . I will be somewhere and then - ( snap he finger ) - it 's like I be never wherever I be to begin with I be really somewhere else entirely . Sage put the last needle in . for the first time trevor actually feel a releief of pressure in he head . trevor ( cont would ) ok , whatever that be ... do it again . that just set I free of the world longest head ache . be this make any sense ? sage ( cont 'd ) none whatsoever . now just relax . let the needle do the drive . a phone outside the office ring . Sage look up at the door . sage ( cont 'd ) ( patting he cheek ) do not go anywhere . I will be right back . trevor watch Sage exit the office . he lie there a moment , bathing in warm sunshine . he be relaxed , pain free . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) behind he , a acupuncture anatomy chart on the wall . which begin to change its shape . it morph ( or economically change ) into pinhead . trevor be oblivious as pinhead approach , doll eye betray no feel whatsoever . then , pinhead reach up to he head and begin pull out one of that infamous pin . it take a while to come out . because it be a foot long . once out , the needle drip with black ooze . trevor hear a noise and believe its Sage who 's reentere the room . trevor I be think this might just be what I need . pinhead speak but in sage voice . as he push on of the pin into the tip trevor skin in he back . pinhead no matter what happen just remember ... before trevor can react , pinhead suddenly jab the pin down into trevor 's back , pin he to the table ! it sear he skin . in pinhead recognizable voice ... pinhead ( cont 'd ) we be all here for you trevor . as trevor reel in terror , pinhead pull another foot long needle from he head and thrust this one into he neck ! we see the needle come right out the other side , nail itself into the table . trevor can not believe he 's still alive ! pinhead pull one more out , aim this one at trevor 's arm , and swing down . quick cut : int . hospital room - day allison poke trevor 's arm with a hypodermic . she place a reassure hand on he chest . machine behind she be pinging and buz like crazy . allison look a little worried . allison shh . it 's okay . go back to sleep . allison blur out of focus ... ( continued ) 37 . continued : ... then briefly come back into focus ... ... only now it 's a man inside a darkened room . int . darkened room - day trevor' Pov : buried in the murky shadow , all that can be see be he hand , light by a shaft of sunlight beam through a blind window . a ring on the man 's leave pinky finger glimmer eerily , almost too much . we see this man in a earlier flashback he 's hold something . the cube . he speak in a echoed and distorted voice . darkened man I know . divorce be not good enough . abandonment be not good enough . there 's only one way to do it and do it cleanly , without leave a trace of evidence . the darken man push the cube across the desk towards we . darkened man ( cont 'd ) open this and you problem will disappear forever . and no one will ever suspect you . a word of caution though . a certain side effect of the box . pleasure . pleasure that would redefine the parameter of sensation . trevor pick up the cube . darkened man ( cont 'd ) once the cube be open there be no turn back . ever . a loud buz noise begins drown out the darken man 's word as we : dissolve to : int . trevor' bedroom - day trevor quietly wake up to the sound of he alarm buz again . he stare at the ceiling . int . office build - day trevor push through the front door and a receptionist greet he with a big smile and a business card . ( continued ) 38 . continued : receptionist afternoon doll - face . hey , a police detective be just here to see you . ( look at the card ) some guy name given . she hand the card to he bat she eyelash . trevor look at the card as she check out he package . trevor read the word homicide . trevor uh thanks this look a little important . could you let the folk upstairs know I will be late ? receptionist for you bubbalicious ? ( winking ) I would lay across a bed of nail . trevor walk back out and the receptionist watch he go . another female employee walk by stare at trevor . she look at the receptionist and they both nod in agreement . receptionist ( cont 'd ) you know it girl . that ass be a three - hummer baby . mmm-mmm -mmm . int . lange's office - day same office only trevor be sit at the other desk across from a hawklike man who be play with a yoyo . this be given . if good cop bad cop be the scheme here , he 's the latter . trevor I be sorry . I still ... I do not understand how this be a homicide case . I mean nobody be murder here ... her body 's be miss for I do not know how long now and ... given what do you just say ? trevor I say she 's be miss for - given no . no you say her body 's be miss . trevor what 's the difference ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : given last time anybody see this woman she be alive . you seem to certain she 's dead . trevor ( tear up ) I see she drown inside the car , detective . given I read up on you , man . you be a smart guy be not you ? I mean with number . right ? trevor you could say that . given Zero 's a number right ? trevor as in one minus one equal zero yes . where be you go with this ? given how many zero be you wife worth ? brow furrowing , trevor stand up . trevor I need to talk to my attorney . now . given push he phone toward trevor , who take it and dial furiously . given remain poker-face . trevor dial a number . trevor ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yes I need larry ellis ' office please . he say the lawyer 's name like it 's suppose to intimidate given . he could not care less . trevor ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) yeah this be trevor good I need to speak with Larry ... trevor ...? kirsty good 's husband ...? ( another beat ) I see do you know when he will be out that meeting ? Fine I will uh ... call back then ... okay you give he the message and he will call I that 's great . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) with that trevor hang up the phone and exit the office . given bust out laughing . int . trevor' cubicle - day trevor type bitterly on the computer crunching number like a madman . bret I do not know what piss you off but it 's nice to see you get the job do for a change . int . trevor be apt . - night trevor play he videogame with venom . the cry of he kill emanate from the tv , building to a crescendo . finally we hear a woman' voice come from the tv . woman' voice i'm save ! my hero ! trevor flick the replay button . int . trevor be apt . - night trevor stare at the self - take picture of he and he wife mugging at the camera . what be it that kirsty be hold ? int . trevor be apt . - night the tv be on . trevor flip through the channel . he stop on the nature Channel . a goat be casually munch on some nut and berry . annnouncer's voice ( from tv ) - at the dawn of the agrarian age goat 's milk would be consider a suitable substitute for a mother 's breast milk . and the sacrifice of a goat would appease a angry god and ensure a bountiful harvest . but in time the ritual would become associate with less hallow purpose . headline : church desecrate with blood of goat , lamb annnouncer's voice ( cont 'd ) goat 's blood be say to hold supernatural property link to black magic . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 . continued : annnouncer's voice ( cont 'd ) in conjunction with the pentangle - the five point star - the spilling of goat 's blood be consider to be either a aphrodisiac that can be use in demonic orgy , or a mean by which a high priest may summon Satan himself . a illustration of a goat with many eye appear on the screen . annnouncer's voice ( cont 'd ) ( from tv ) the Book of revelation speak of the anti-christ as the beast with many eye . for century illustrator have choose a goat to represent this beast . his eye hurt too much to watch any more , trevor turn the tv off . out of sheer instinct he suddenly turn to look - -out he window : the apartment across the street be light . a strange figure be stand in the window . trevor jump up and rush over to he window . he look out at that same shadowy man he see earlier . the man 's face be still obscure and be still hold something in a blanket . squint trevor be able to make out what it be : a sleeping baby . the stranger pull the baby 's blanket over the baby 's angelic face . then the light in that apartment go out abruptly . trevor stare at the darken window breathe heavily . be the stranger still in there , watch trevor in the dark ? trevor can not tell . a sudden knocking at the door make he flinch . trevor go to the door , open it to find : tawny . only now she 's dress in a skintight black rubber dress . she smile accentuate a fresh coat of black lipstick . tawny hey . can I borrow something ? trevor uh ... sure , tawny ... what ? tawny you . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) tawny grab the back of he neck , pull he to she as she kiss he deeply . she grab he collar and pull he out to the hallway . int . hallway - night she turn around , lead trevor through the hall like a horse . a very confuse horse . trevor tawny ? what 's - what be you do ? tawny you ! trevor eye she gorgeous body and decide not to resist quite so much . int . tawny's kitchen - night trevor lean against the counter , sip at a glass of wine nervously . right next to he , tawny 's at the stove , stir a pot of something dark and bubbly . she look up at he , smile seductively . but trevor 's still a few length behind . tawny you okay ? trevor I be , uh , not sure ... feeling kind of weird actually . tawny really ? tawny grab trevor 's ball and he jump away as if jolted by a cattle - prod . tawny ( cont 'd ) I be kinda feel nut myself ! trevor I have never say this to a woman before but can not we talk a little bit before grab at each other ? tawny ( grin ) god. sometimes you can be such a animal . other time you be the ultimate tease ... she hold up a spoonful of what she 's be stir . it look like stew . ( continued ) 43 . continued : tawny ( cont 'd ) taste this . keeping a hand below he waist trevor lean toward the spoon , taste , lick he lip . then squint . trevor wow . that 's good . lot of caper , huh ? tawny for starter . it 's also get fennel , asparagus , olive , some more of mother nature 's aphrodisiacs ... back in college , I and my roommate use to call it hard - on stew . trevor not a very appetizing name . tawny have some more . trevor take another sip of it . tawny ( cont 'd ) if you ever smell this come from we dorm room , you know one of we be in there get laid . trevor you must have be very proud of yourselves ... tawny it 's get hot in here . tawny summarily unzip she rubber dress and whip it off . trevor be speechless . tawny 's body be cover with bite and bruise . trevor Jesus ... who do that to you ? tawny bust out laughing . tawny you be kid right ? trevor shake he head no . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) tawny ( cont 'd ) you do ! God , you be funny tonight . tawny approach trevor who tense up . tawny ( cont 'd ) almost like I be with somebody else . trevor start look very ill . trevor tawny I think I be go to be sick . tawny well now there 's a compliment . trevor grab he stomach , lurching over . he can not breath . trevor look up at tawny . but it be no longer she . tawny have change into something else entirely . a cenobite . the cenobite rip trevor 's shirt open , and we can see movement within he abdomen . like a baby kick . whatever 's in they shoot up expand trevor 's chest cavity . the cenobite pin trevor to the wall and hover in he face as if about to kiss he . before trevor can scream he be choke . the cenobite watch with glee as something begin to move up into trevor 's throat , expand he neck , force he jaw open and finally ... ... a black eel poke its head out of trevor 's mouth . the cenobite open its own mouth and the eel start to crawl inside it . meanwhile trevor 's about to pass out from asphyxiation when - int . hospital room - day - he take a deep grateful breath through a oxygen mask . the various piece of monitoring equipment around he be beeping and pinging like slot machine . allison walk around the room press button that silent each machine one by one , then walk up to the bed , look surprisingly calm . allison sorry about that . there be a blockage in you oxygen hose . wo not happen again , promise . ( continued ) 45 . continued : trevor look relieved . Shell - shocked but relieved . trevor I be certainly keep you busy huh ? allison ( smile ) too bad I hate my job ... she stroke he forehead . allison ( cont 'd ) feeling better now ? trevor shake he head . trevor this hallucination I be have . I think they be more like memory come back to I in a strange way . allison well that 's not necessarily a bad thing be it ? trevor if they be block memory ... I be start to realize the reason why I block they out . allison I think I really ... screw everything up . allison shh . do not blame yourself trevor . please . trevor I miss she . I miss my wife . trevor take she hand . allison look briefly around she then ... climb onto the bed with he . allison if you need to cry , go ahead . I will not tell . holding she hand to he face , trevor close he eye , squeezing out a tear . close on trevor' face . we start to notice subtle difference about allison 's hand . it be very pale , the fingernails black . trevor open he eye . 46 . int . tawny's apartment , bedroom - morning he be now lie on tawny 's bed , which be surround by unlit candle . sunlight stream through she open window . it be she hand he be hold to he face . the rest of she be sit under the sheet , cover head propped against the headboard . trevor drop she hand and it fall lifelessly to the bed beside he . breathe quicken he reach up to the black silk sheet cover she head . he yank it back and cover he mouth in horror . she 's be bound to the bed and gag with a white cloth that be soak with blood . a deep vertical incision have be make in she neck , collarbone to chin and she tongue be pull through the wound so it stick out the bottom of she jaw . and that 's just for starter . when trevor look down he gag when he see she ribcage have be open like a set of french door and she inside sit in she lap . the coup de grace ? trevor now see he be cover with blood . hers . int . trevor' apt . , bathroom - day trevor splashes he face with cold water , try to get he composure back . he stare at the water rush down the drain for a moment . his breathe stabilize he finally look up at he reflection in the mirror ... ... to see pinhead stare back at he . trevor jolt backward in shock and do a double take . it 's he now , look completely unhinge . outside the phone ring . the answer machine pick up with a beep . lange's voice ( from answer machine ) this be Lange . we need to talk as soon as possible . it 's about you little ... dilemma . give I a call . int . hallway - day clean up now trevor carefully make he way back to tawny 's apartment . he try the door . it 's lock . this can not be right . he jiggle the door knob violently , then finally kick the door . ( continued ) 47 . continued : suddenly - -tawny answer the door , look utterly piss off . though still in goth mode , she 's dress much more conservatively now . tawny can I help you ? trevor tawny ... i- you be - trevor go to embrace she . she shrink back , startle . tawny whoa , I have serious space issue , dude . what do you want ? trevor I ... think we need to talk , there 's something really strange go on ... tawny ( a look of recognition ) hey you be the guy from down the hall . trevor come on , quit fuck around . listen it 's about ... what we do together last night . tawny ( utterly shocked ) what ?! a very deep voice come from somewhere behind she . voice who the fuck be that ? tawny it 's that guy from down the hall . he think we do something with he last night . trevor who 's - who 's in there with you ...? tawny look aghast . tawny be you crack up or something ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) suddenly a enormous brute of a man , wide as he be tall enter the doorway . he 's wear a black tee , black jeans and , trevor can not help notice , black nail polish ... on finger and toe . obviously tawny 's significant other . brute what can we do for you , chief ? trevor I ... who be you ? brute take a sideward step through the doorway , force trevor back two step . brute you know tawny , you better know I , pal . trevor okay . I do not want any trouble . I be mistaken ... I will see you later . brute much . trevor turn and hurry off . brute turn to tawny who shrug and make a twirly motion at she temple . the two go back into she apartment . int . trevor be apt . - day trevor pace in he apartment telephone to he ear . he let out a heavy breath and look at he watch . finally : operator ( v.o. ) City police main switchboard how may I direct you call ? trevor you already ask I that ten minute ago just before you put I on hold . I be look for defective - I mean detective Lange . operator oh he and he partner just step out to lunch , can I - ? trevor hang up . 49 . int . bus - day trevor sit at the front of the bus agitate . he fold and unfold detective Lange 's business card in he hand like some frustrated origami artist . the siren from a pass ambulance drill he ear . the irritate sound eventually fade away but the pain in he head be still there . the bonging of a distant cathedral 's bell make he pause . he look around . toward the rear and see a familiar old lady knitting a baby 's bootie . he look again . the bootie be bright red and drip ... blood ? trevor follow the strand of bright red wool down to they source : a dying goat lay under the seat . it 's inside have be rip out . its vein and tendon be serve as the old lady 's yarn . trevor 's eye bolt back up to the old woman . she continue humming sweetly , she lap speckle with goat 's blood . trevor pull the wire and a obnoxious buz go off . trevor hurry up to the bus driver as the bus pull over . trevor just open the door I will jump off . bus driver not while the bus be move , sir . trevor clutches he head in pain and wait for the bus to stop . the door open . he jump off , knee nearly buckle from the pain . he look up as the bus speed off . in the rear window the little black girl see earlier pop up . she 's hold she little doll . she push a clothespin into its head . blood drip from the puncture . at the same time trevor feel a incredible pain sear through he head . he squint at the bus again . the little girl be go . int . lange's office - day Lange be at he desk eat a sandwich . trevor come in angrier than a hornet in a beehive . trevor where 's my wife detective Lange ? what the hell do you do with she ?! ( continued ) 50 . continued : lange Mr. good I assure you we be do everything within we - trevor why do you leave I that message ? lange I do not know what you be talk about . trevor slam he hand down on Lange 's desk and get right in he face . trevor liar ! trevor immediately turn around and walk out . int . larry ellis ' office - day larry ellis be a somber but handsome young attorney . at present he at he desk poring through several book on child custody law . he make note on a pad beside he as he talk . larry ( not look up ) basically they know where you wife 's body be and they be not tell you as a tactic to get you to confess ? yet neither of they have come out and tell you that you be a suspect . be that what you be try to say ? trevor sit on the other side of the humongous office in a chair so big it practically swallow he whole . trevor look Larry I know you never think too much of I . and I know this all sound a little fuck up . larry a little ? try unbelievably . trevor I swear this guy be like play mindgame with I . I think they get a hold of my e-mail address at work too . Larry be not buy this for a nanosecond . he trim some brown leave off a small plant as he speak . ( continued ) 51 . continued : larry trevor barring the more outrageous aspect of you claim you be not the only widower the police have question when foul play be suspect . trevor hey ninety five point three percent of all murder be commit by either a spouse , a direct relative or a close friend that 's common knowledge . but this be not murder it be a accident - larry ( concentrate on he note ) and as far as hide a body go ? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cop would keep a victim 's remain hide simply to get someone to confess . it 's absolutely preposterous . now I be not say I do not believe you , I be .... ambiguous . there 's quite alot of money behind all this . trevor how much do I stand to inherit if kirsty be presume dead ? Larry sigh and walk over to he desk . he press a button on he intercom . larry rosie can you bring in the good papers ? assistant's voice ( from intercom ) right away Mr. Ellis . trevor uh. ballpark would be fine Larry . larry in the vicinity of eight million four hundred fifty thousand . or be it sixty - trevor what happen if I be convict of kirsty 's murder ? larry well they would have to prove it in a court of law for one thing - ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor please Larry . pretend you like I and humor I . larry see you be she sole benefactor , and I be the executive of the will , kirsty 's entire estate would have to be donate to the city . trevor hello ? City ? cop ? it 's a fuck conspiracy ! larry pardon my glibness trevor but you sound like a rave lunatic . the next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type . you be obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse . trevor thanks for you concern Larry . and fuck you too . trevor get up and head for the door . larry ( to trevor 's back ) I never think you late wife be the sharpest knife in the drawer . but marrying you be the dumbest thing she ever do ! on he way out trevor nearly run down Larry 's assistant who be just come in with a large file . trevor 's go . int . cab - day trevor look despondently out the window . the cab stop and trevor hand some money to the cabbie up front . trevor you can go . I be go to be here a while . ext . bridge - day trevor get out of the cab , which drive off leave he on the bridge look down at the water below . 53 . ext . below bridge - day Police tape flap between the tree . other than that there be no sign of a investigation . trevor walk out of the wood on the shore , through the police tape and to the water 's edge . he begin to walk the shore look out at the still water . he scan the area where the water meet the land , try to remember . something on the surface few foot away catch he eye . it 's a rock stick up . no it 's something else . trevor walk right up to the water and put he foot on a couple of large rock break the surface . he bend down and look at ... the corner of a black cube . he quickly reach down , try to pick it up . it seem to be stick just below the surface . trevor pull harder and finally it give . trevor slowly lift the black cube out of the water and gasp when he see - -a white waterlogged hand clutching it from below ! trevor gasp and let go . and just as the cube ( along with its owner ) splash under the surface - -another white hand break the surface grab trevor 's wrist ! as trevor struggle he look up to see the dark figure stand above he hold a rock over he head . just as he swing down towards trevor head - smash cut to : int . allison be office - day trevor jump scare the hell out of allison who have just get do take he pulse . allison Jesus I wish you would stop do that . trevor look down at himself . he 's on a examination table in he normal clothes not a hospital johnnie . that 's a good sign . trevor allison ... trevor try to put he thought together . ( continued ) 54 . continued : allison well trevor ? what have you get to say for yourself ? que pasa ? trevor ( voice quivering ) allison we have got to talk about this medication you have get I on . allison I be all over it . allison shine a penlight in he eye . allison ( cont 'd ) blink . trevor blink . satisfied , allison sit on the bed next to trevor and take he hand . allison ( cont 'd ) okay . what we be go to do be up the topomax to two per day instead of one , see if that take care of this hallucinatory seizure you have be have . the extra topomax will not interfere with the painkiller either but ... you be go to be thrilled to hear this part but we have be tell by some patient it affect the memory somewhat ... trevor ( weary ) really ? do it affect the memory ? allison look concerned . then she feature soften . allison you be one tough cookie , trevor good . you keep come back to you corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round . trevor some call it resilience . other , stupidity . allison let a lapse in the conversation last too long . that look of concern return as she linger on he face . she 's try to say something . trevor ( cont 'd ) everything okay allison ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) allison ( surprised at she own emotional outflow ) of course , yes . trevor the way you just look at I ... allison I know , my bedside manner 's horrendous . allison finish write a few note , and trevor roll down he sleve . he 's intrigue . trevor so , I be do . thats it for today ? allison all finish . neither of they want this visit to be over . trevor ( cont would ) how bout some lunch ? int . cafeteria - day the two share the end of a empty cafeteria table , eat off pastel color trays . trevor think about it . in the entire world where 's the most life - threaten place you could possibly be at any give moment . allison I do not know ... Beirut ? New Orleans ? trevor hint . it 's not a geographical location . allison I be stump . trevor it 's inside a move car . allison bull ... ( continued ) 56 . continued : trevor I have get number to back I up . over the course of one year more Americans die in car accident than do during the entire span of World War ii . allison okay so ... what 's the safest place ? trevor statistically speak ? Inside a move bus . allison laugh . trevor ( cont 'd ) million of people around the world get on buss every day . when be the last time you hear of anybody anywhere die on a public transit bus ? allison okay Mr. statistic I have get one for you . what 's the most common cause of death for adult over the age of eighteen ? trevor please . heart attack . that be easy street . allison second most common ? trevor skin cancer . allison eighty third most common . trevor pitbull attack . allison you just make that up . trevor like you be gonna check . they both chuckle , trevor 's expression get serious . after a moment of silence . allison where you two happy together ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor we startre off to be . she be , I guess I be . I just sort of .... butcher up the relationship somehow . ( to himself ) bad choice of word . allison I understand , I think . other woman ? trevor yeah . it 's like I be a different guy then I be today . I can not remember that guy . I see this woman , they think I be someone else , and I be not that guy anymore . I be not sure who kristy know . allison you be unfaithful , it sound like you confess . trevor I do more then that . allison reach accross the table for trevor hand . a quiet moment . allison com'on . how bout some fresh air ? ext . hospital roof - day trevor and allison sit in a couple of chair look out at the other rooftop around they . trevor lucky for we this chair happen to be here . allison oh I know about the chair already . this be where the emphysema patient come to sneak cigarettes . she point to the ground at myriad butt scattered at they foot . trevor smile and look at he hand . allison ( cont 'd ) do not tell I . kirsty use to smoke ? trevor no . she just would have love it up here ... allison when I be under ... do I ever talk ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : allison sure plenty of time . trevor be there anything I say that make you stop and wonder , you know , " where do that come from ? " allison sure plenty of time . trevor well ? allison trevor if someone be talk from a sleep state they be obviously dream . so practically everything say be go to sound strange . trevor do I ever talk about the accident ? allison no. trevor do I ever talk about kirsty ? allison no . but at one point you do repeat something though . a phrase . you must have be have this recur dream , you just keep say this one thing over and over trevor what be it ? allison you say , " jealousy arouse a husband fury , and he will show no mercy when he take revenge . " ( proverbs 6:34 ) do that mean anything to you trevor ? trevor it mean I have alot more question . trevor stare off into the distance . allison Times up for today . I have get to get back . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) allison smile and pat trevor 's knee . he melt and put he hand on hers . she slowly take it away and fix she hair . trevor ( cont 'd ) sorry . allison if it make you feel better that take every ounce of self control I have . trevor , I never date patient . trevor I understand ... I will not - allison no you do not understand . that 's why I have be fight to get you better . so you would not be a patient anymore . trevor why do not you tell I sooner ? I would have switch doctor ! allison just get better okay ? she caress he face then look at she watch . allison ( cont 'd ) I have to get back to work . and so do you . int . office build - day trevor walk through the maze of cubicle a big smile on he face . he 's actually have a good day . int . trevor' cubicle - day bret 's already look up at trevor as he enter . trevor do not say a word , bret . trevor 's smile disappear when he see someone 's already sit in he chair . lange . he 's on trevor 's computer surfing the internet . bret ( to Lange ) guess I will leave you two alone . ( continued ) 60 . continued : lange ( concentrate on the computer ) Nice chat with ya . bret get up and leave as trevor approach Lange . lange ( cont 'd ) sorry I be in you seat be not I ? trevor no please make yourself at home . trevor sit in bret 's chair as Lange log off and swivel to face trevor . lange how 's everything , Mr. good ? trevor can not we dispense with the game for once ? lange I think you love game . trevor I will just stay out of this conversation until you come out and tell I why you have disrupt I at work . lange you and you wife be play a game shortly before you get into that car accident be not you ? trevor where be she ? where be my wife ? Lange shake he head and pull something else out of he pocket . it 's the cube seal in a ziploc . trevor can not conceal a feel of dread . lange we find this curious little object not too far from the site of the accident . no print but forensics scrape a little dark residue that be cake on one of the corner . it be blood trevor . matched some blood we take off you car seat too . can you tell I anything about it ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor ( to Lange ) it look familiar . I think it be in the car ... lange gee you think so ? Lange put the cube back in he pocket and stand up . lange ( cont 'd ) sorry to take up you time like that trevor . do not work too hard . oh , before I forget . I talk you neighbor out of press charge . trevor what ? lange the whackjob in the black lipstick who life down the hall ? she want you arrest for harassment . I tell she to chill out and smoke a joint . I would look the other way as long as she do you know ? trevor thanks . lange we be all here for you trevor . Lange get up and exit . trevor saty seat , after a beat he stand up look over he cubicle and see det . given stare back at he from the door . trevor sit back down . trevor suddenly clutches he head as if it 's be kill he this whole time . he go to he chair pick up the phone and dial . recording ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) we be sorry the number you have have either be disconnect or no longer in service . if you feel you have reach this recording in error - trevor hang up . we can almost hear he head throbbing in pain . he turn around and there 's bret leaning against he desk eat a freeze yogurt . stare at trevor . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 3 ) bret frogurt guy 's here . they be all out chocolate vanilla swirl or I would have get you one . trevor I be sure you would have . bret nod , toss the freeze yogurt container out and sit down . bret hey if you be not do anything I would like to buy you a beer after work . be just like old time . trevor what 's the occasion ? bret I quit . today 's my last day . this hit trevor like a ton of brick . int . pub - day the place be practically empty . bret and trevor play dart and work on a pitcher of beer . country western play on the jukebox . bret I have get a better offer . more time off . a sort of career shift , more in the engineering line of work . trevor how much time off ? bret as much as he feel like . its a much more pleasurable line of work . trevor as much as he like ? bret yahtzee . be all in this together trev. trevor there be people who be do exactly what we be do but they do not need to wear a tie , punch a clock or have some tight ass supervisor breathe down they neck . its all about the pleasure trevor ! ( continued ) 63 . continued : trevor so you be just pack it up just like that ? bret almost that fast . I get a few loose end to tie up first . come into a shitload of money recently . I have always want to go to take a trip . we be just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there . trevor yeah ? you and who else ? bret someone special . bret throw a dart with extra mph . it miss the board entirely and hit the wall . trevor wince in pain suddenly . he touch he head and look at he finger . Fresh blood . flashback trevor in the car in the water . thrash about , he bleed from he head in the flashback as well . where 's kristy ? he look in the passenger seat . she 's go . trevor take the cube from the man with the ring . he fumble with the puzzle box in the darkness . cu box . it start to move . trevor drive with kristy , she 's go down on he while he 's drive . kirsty okay pull over . trevor ( look at he watch ) but ... I think ... trevor wait a moment to see if she 's kid . kirsty ( through clench tooth ) pull over now . the car come to a stop . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) trevor get the goods while he watch himself in the rear view mirror . someone approach . trevor zip up , pull kristy up out of he lap . its a cenobite . trevor scream and open the door of the car to make a frantic exit . he dive out onto the pavement and look back . all be quiet . he 's alone a quiet road . he stand up and into a eerie world of slow motion . trevor look up the road and back to find - a beautiful vision of allison walk toward he . walk gracefully , she approach trevor . raise she hand to he face . trevor smile , then slowly look back towards the car . Inside the car he see 's kristy play with the puzzle box . trevor call out to she . trevor kristy noooo ! and he make a move toward the car , as the box come to life . this stop trevor in he track , and he look toward allison . who be now pinhead . pinhead there be no reprieve for you . not even in she . she 's only a vision I be afraid . tervor look dumbfounded . pinhead ( cont would ) the truth hurt do not it ? end flashback int . pub - day trevor raise he head from the bar . the beer be there but bret be go . trevor stare at himself in the mirror opposite the bar . he look like shit . he think hard about the flashback . out the door he go . 65 . ext . pay phone - night - trevor 's hold the phone up to he ear agitate beyond belief . he would pace if he could . instead he just fume . trevor ( into phone ) yes I be try to reach one of you intern ... allison dormere ...? she work in the emergency room there ... what do you mean ...? I just see she today ... yes I be sure she work there I have be in and out of that place five time in the last month ...! well good day to you too asshole ! -close up on trevor 's hand search through the D 's in the white page . he slam the book shut in frustration . - he 's on the phone again . trevor ( cont 'd ) no such list ...? could you at least tell I if she have a unlist number ...? what do you mean there be no dormere at all there have to be ...! well look again ! ( a beat , more timidly ) h-hello ? trevor slam the phone down and touch he head again . he look at he hand . the blood be go . but the headache be back . its crippling at this point . he 's at he wit end . he reach into he pocket and find page card . maybe as a last resort ? the phone ring . it ring again . trevor press he palm against he eye . trevor pick up the phone . trevor ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hello ? wimpering voice ( from phone ) Goodbye ... trevor kirsty ? wimpering voice you miserable sonofabitch ! dial tone . 66 . ext . sage's build - night trevor be out of breath as he walk up to the last resort . the entrance to Sage 's building . the front door be lock . he press a three digit code on the alarm box . ring . ring . the phone pick up . he 's deperate . sage's voice hello ? trevor Sage it 's I trevor . you have get to help I . int . sage's office - night trevor 's head hit the pillow on the acupuncture table . trevor the feel be very distinct . it 's like somebody stick a shard of glass through my eye and it 's embed halfway into my brain . Sage nod , patient look on she face . sage trevor you body have be completely heal . all the nerve ending have repair themselves . if there be any pain in you head it 's ... in you head . trevor jeez it 's get awful crowded in there . sage you be physically better . it 's you soul that still hurt . Sage grab a bunch of needle from the table . sage ( cont 'd ) my teacher tell I once there 's a puncture point on you body that can lock you soul within it , even after you be dead . so that when you die you be trap inside you body , watch it corrode for all eternity . trevor look , whatever you marharagi , tell you , forget . you have get to get this fuckin pain to stop . ( continued ) 67 . continued : sage it be a analogy . you soul be lock up inside you . you need to free it trevor . you have block it from the heal process . that 's what we need to do now . heal you soul . and to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt . do you know what I mean by give in ? it 's about trust . do you trust I implicitly ? trevor I do not even know what 's real and what be not how can I trust anyone ? sage you can trust I . you wife be dead and you need to move past that . and the only way to move past something completely be to go straight through it , not around it . surrender yourself to you wife 's death . let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side . it 's the only way you can become whole again . Sage look trevor dead in the eye . sage ( cont 'd ) be you ready ? trevor I surrender ... trevor close he eye a montage of Sage dimming the light so that the room be nice and dark ... place needle into trevor 's body ... he shoulder ... he chest ... he neck ... he leg ... he face ... trevor finally open he eye to find ... ... he 's completely naked on Sage 's table ! and she 's make love to he body , which be now fill with needle ! trevor ( cont 'd ) wait ... what the hell be this ... sage ( whisper ) surrender yourself ... surrender yourself ... ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) she hold up a small chunk of ice and begin rub it on trevor 's chest . he catch he breath at the cold and begin to shiver . int . car - day trevor wake up shiver . he be in the passenger seat , head rest against a baby blanket . a hand touch he ... ... kirsty 's . trevor kirsty ... kirsty ? kirsty it 's okay it be just a nightmare that 's all . trevor look at kirsty . she be breathtakingly beautiful . trevor you be alive ... kirsty yes . now go back to sleep . you be drive the rest of the way to gramma 's remember ? trevor look in the back and for the first time see a infant girl sleep in a car seat behind he . kirsty ( cont 'd ) trevor I have decide we have get to agree on a name before we reach my mother 's . this poor kid 's go to be start preschool as student x if we do not make up we mind . so , I have be think , what about Daisy ? trevor ( look at the baby ) it 's perfect . kirsty well that be easy all of a sudden . trevor look back at kirsty . trevor kirsty ... I be glad you be alive . the siren from a approaching ambulance get louder and louder , pierce trevor 's ear . ( continued ) 69 . continued : trevor wince in pain and block he ear from the noise . kirsty look at he , puzzle . he can only read she lip : " honey what 's wrong ? honey ? " int . ambulance - night trevor 's eye rivet open again . a paramedic be snap he finger in front of they . another paramedic be readying a hypodermic . paramedic can you hear I ? just nod . trevor nod . paramedic ( cont 'd ) do you know where you be ? trevor ambulance . paramedic we be just gonna take some blood here . the other paramedic stick a needle in trevor 's arm . paramedic ( cont 'd ) you know what day it be ? trevor shake he head . the paramedic hold up two finger . paramedic ( cont 'd ) okay how many finger be I hold up ? trevor two . paramedic can you follow they ? paramedic move he hand leave to right . trevor keep he eye on it . paramedic ( cont 'd ) perfect . hey you remember what happen back there ? trevor you mean ... when the car go off the bridge ? paramedic ( laugh ) wow you be out of it . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : paramedic ( cont would ) no it be nothing that extreme . you be riding on the bus and just collapse onto the floor . out cold . remember be on a bus now ? trevor no ... maybe ... I do not know . paramedic it 's cool . here we be . the ambulance come to a stop . int . emergency room - night a couple of orderly wheel trevor into the exact room he 's be come to this whole time . the orderly exit and who should enter but Dr. ambrose ... and the angular nurse who readied he for the brain surgery at the beginning . dr . ambrose hello I be dr... trevor ambrose . I know . dr . ambrose have we meet ? trevor I have be in here before . dr . ambrose take no offense trevor . I see many patient a day and have a awful memory . trevor join the club . ambrose hold a penlight up to each of trevor 's eye and nod . dr . ambrose ( cont 'd ) right . trevor you just have a seizure bring on by a severe migraine . thing could be much worse . in the next few day you need to take plenty of aspirin , stay out of the sun and make sure you have have at least eight glass of water by the time you go to bed at night . trevor just stare at Dr. ambrose . ( continued ) 71 . continued : dr . ambrose ( cont 'd ) why do not you relax for the next couple of hour ? barring any relapse you should be able to go home after that . trevor where 's allison ? Dr. ambrose look a little confuse . dr . ambrose who 's allison ? trevor allison dormere . you intern . ambrose look at the nurse , who shrug , then back at trevor . dr . ambrose uh we have no intern by that name here Mr. good . listen I will be back in a few hour to check up on you meantime relax try not to move around too much . ambrose pat trevor 's shoulder congenially and walk out . nurse there there trevor . get some sleep . trevor tense when the nurse smile . nurse ( cont 'd ) if you need anything give myself or any of the nurse a call okay ? we be - trevor do not tell I . '' we be all here for you trevor ' right ? go ahead say it ! you know you want to ! the nurse look take aback . nurse what the hell be you talk about ...? trevor suddenly jump up yanking electrode and iv tube from he body . the nurse be back to normal and very disconcert . nurse ( cont 'd ) trevor ! Mr. good lay back down - trevor run out of the woman mow the woman down in he track . 72 . int . hospital hallway - night trevor rush down the hall of the hospital nearly knock down Dr. ambrose . dr . ambrose hey ! trevor race as fast as he foot can carry he easily lose Dr. ambrose . int . other wing - night trevor run down a corridor through another doorway and into another wing of the hospital entirely . he arrive at the door to allison 's office and throw it open . it 's actually a janitor 's closet . ext . hospital roof - night dress in janitorial garb , trevor burst open the stairwell door and come out on the roof . a old man in a johnnie be sit in one of the chair not too far away . a oxygen tube trail from he nose to a oxygen tank at he foot . old man ( wheeze ) okay ya catch I . he bring a cigarette to he lip and take a long drag . old man ( cont 'd ) least let I finish will ya ? get one puff leave . trevor I do not work here . old man Music to my ear . the old man light a fresh cigarette with the one he 's just finish . trevor turn to go back and there's allison stand in the doorway . allison trevor . I hear you be look for I . be everything all right ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : trevor allison ! be I glad to see you ! ( change he tone ) no ... everything 's not right . not at all . allison come here . allison hold he . the old smoker turn and watch with curiosity . trevor allison I think I do some very , very bad thing . I mean very bad . allison trevor thing like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss . everybody do thing they regret . you just could not remember do this thing and now you be so it 's a shock to the system . I be tell you . you will never get better if you keep blame yourself for you wife 's death . trevor maybe I be not responsible for the car accident ... the old man call out to trevor wheezily . old man hey buddy ! trevor ( ignore he ) ... but I be start to think I be ... I be go to ... old man hey buddy ! trevor turn to the old man . trevor what do you want ?! old man ( wheeze ) who the hell be you talk to ? trevor turn and allison be go . vanish into thin air . 74 . int . bus - night trevor sit at the front of a empty bus rub he head . he stare at the spot where the creepy old lady knitting the baby 's bootie use to sit . he look under the seat . there be nothing there . the hydraulics hiss as the bus come to a stop . bus driver this be it mister . trevor get up and hurry off give the driver a cursory glance . the driver do not look at trevor as he speak . bus driver ( cont 'd ) have a good night now . trevor exit the bus . ext . bus stop - night trevor step out of the bus and face the roman catholic cathedral . he ascend the step . int . confessional - night trevor sit in the booth across from the tiny screen , behind which be a very tire priest who be still in he pajamas . trevor I do not know what I be do here . I be not even Catholic . I just have to tell somebody . it 's like , ever since my wife die I do not know what I have actually do or what I have imagine . but I do know if one tenth of what 's happen to I be reality ... I have do some really awful thing in my life . thing that I have ... I guess I have block out ... priest what thing do you think you have do ? trevor wow . let 's see . so many sin so little time . for starter I be responsible for the death my wife who by the way be carry my unborn child . that be so I could collect she eight million dollar estate . I think I kill several woman I be have mindless sex with behind she back . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : trevor ( cont would ) but I do that murder just for the hell of it . finally ... I think I make some kind of deal with the devil and now he 's come to collect my soul . only he 's decide to mess with my head first . how many hail mary do you recommend for that one father ? priest trevor I be sure you kill no one . you be very distraught over you wife 's death and rightfully so . you do the right thing by confess to I here tonight . and you should keep praying for the wisdom that will set you soul at ease . that be say , you be still in a highly emotional state right now . it might do you some good to get some professional help . confess to they the way you confess to I . in time you will probably find that the real killer have already be catch . or better yet ... that this murder never happen at all . trevor but I see this woman . I see they mutilate body . I see they ghost . I just know it happen I can feel it ... priest all you have get be the here and the now trevor . that 's all anyone really have . maybe this will make thing easier to understand . a man go to sleep every night and have recur dream that he 's a butterfly . in time he begin to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dream he 's a man . and at the end of the day do it even matter ? all this event you be describe . how can you be sure any of they really happen ? trevor but that 's what I need . to be sure ... to be absolutely sure ... priest shh . it 's okay son . there be but one truth . one thing you can be absolutely sure of . and that thing be this : the priest move closer to the screen . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) priest ( cont 'd ) we're all here for you trevor . the Priest begin to chuckle ominously . resisting the urge to scream trevor bolt out of the confessional ... int . cathedral - night trevor rush out of the confessional . the cathedral bell begin to clang . eardrums get batter by the ringing trevor block he ear and rush toward the exit - - come face to face with a gargoyle block he path . pinhead . though he speak softly he voice be hear easily over the bell . pinhead still in the dark I see ? trevor who be you ? pinhead poor trevor . trevor this game be over do you hear I ? pinhead I hear everything . and soon you will know everything . more than you ever want I can guarantee that . but I want you to think for a minute first . think about all you have see . all the clue you have be give . pinhead open he cloak revealing the darkness within . to trevor 's shock he suck right into this void inside pinhead . int . cubic route actuarial research , bullpen - night trevor be thrust into the interior of he office building . everyone 's go for the day . the only light be come in from streetlight outside . trevor race past the cubicle run out into a hallway . he look down one end then the other ... where he see a office light be on . he cautiously approach the office . he look inside . 77 . int . gwen' office - day gwen 's hack up body be strewn about the office . her arm be atop the filing cabinet . leg under she desk . ass on the copier . trevor hear someone come . he look down the hall to see a flashlight beam turn the corner , blind he . it 's bearer begin run toward trevor . trevor bolt the other direction head for the exit . he push the door open and slam it behind he only he 's not still outside yet ... int . tawny's apartment , bedroom - night tawny lie on the bed , dead , tongue stick out of she neck , ribcage violate . trevor hear someone come toward the bedroom can see the flashlight beam jittering as its bearer approach . trevor rush toward the window , open it and leap out onto the fire escape . ext . apt . build - night trevor 's about to climb down the fire escape when he be bath in the flashlight 's beam from inside . trevor look down and see a garbage dumpster full of trash bag below . he jump . trevor sail down three storey and land in the dumpster . he climb out and run to the street as fast as he can . he race down the sidewalk try to get he bearing at the same time . hear footstep from behind trevor turn to see : the Stranger in the window not half a block behind trevor , keep trevor 's pace . then ... trevor stop . and turn . the Stranger stop as well . this have never happen before . trevor shout down the empty street . trevor ( cont 'd ) who be you ! his voice echoe off the darken building . the Stranger stand there . trevor begin walk toward he , blood in he eye . the Stranger back away . ( continued ) 78 . continued : trevor bolt into a run and the Stranger take off run the other way . the stranger dart into a alley . int . alley - night trevor run into the alley , see no sign of the stranger . the end of the alley be pitch black . trevor where' my wife ?! trevor hear something at the end of the alley . he grab a break bottle out of a garbage can and head toward the darkness . trevor 's tooth be bare now . trevor ( cont 'd ) where' my wife !? something glisten in the dark just before the razor sharp edge of a switchblade touch he leave jugular . trevor freeze . out of the shadow come ... bret . trevor ( cont 'd ) bret ... what the fuck ...? bret tonight be suppose to be the night , trevor . remember ? I could not believe you go through five dart game and do not even joke about it . trevor bret . what the hell be go on ? bret we be gonna be millionaire you say . nobody would suspect a thing . I have never even meet she . no connection . then you go and have that fuck car accident . trevor bret you be make no sense whatsoever . bret I follow she trevor . I get to know she life . and what a boring one it be . six a.m. gym , nine a.m. trendy coffee shop , noon bookstore , one soap opera , four o'clock news , five wait for trevor to come home . and wait and wait and wait . nine o'clock get ready for bed . ( more ) ( continued ) 79 . continued : bret ( cont would ) ten o'clock fall asleep in front of the tv . she do that every day I follow she . every single day . while you be out fuck you concubine . every day I feel more and more bad for she , man . and hate you more and more . trevor be absolutely speechless . bret ( cont 'd ) then I find out you be have nooner with my gwen . that be all I could take . I do not want to kill you wife anymore . I want to kill you . even before that little accident I decide to do it on the day we would set aside for she . bret press the blade against trevor 's neck a little harder , draw a rivulet of blood . bret ( cont 'd ) but now that be not gonna happen either . I fall in love with kirsty trevor . the day she die it be like my soul have be rip from my body . not just because I lose someone I love . it 's because the child inside she ... be mine . bret then put the knife to he neck . trevor no ! bret drag the knife across he own jugular slice they open . blood pour out of he smile mouth . then something really weird happen . cut begin to open up all over bret 's face and he hand . blood pour to the ground in bucket . bret lifelessly fall into the pool of blood ... before he can process what 's just happen , trevor hear a noise behind he and turn to see ... several of that slithering sewer monster come toward he , surround he . and behind they , several silhouetted figure walk slowly toward he . we do not need three guess to figure out who they be ... cenobite . panick trevor reach down and grab the knife out of bret 's hand and ready himself for the inevitable attack when - - the blinding light from a police car illuminate the alley . first trevor notice the sewer monster be go . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) then the figure we think be cenobite be actually lange and several police officer . Lange look disappointed . lange okay trevor . put the knife down . trevor do so . two cop rush up to trevor and one swing he baton down just over trevor 's eye - crack ! light out . int . police cruiser - night trevor 's nose have be bleed . his eye be black and blue he lip cut . trevor look out the window . the street be desert , foreign . trevor look at the rear view mirror . the cop stare back at he avert he gaze . trevor think he see something crawl into the cop 's eye . Lange sit next to the cop , stare back at trevor . he take out he antihistamine and spray some up he nose . int . police station lobby - night the door burst open and the two cop , Lange escort trevor in . the lobby be entirely desert . trevor look around . there be cup of coffee sit on desk , jacket throw over back of chair . Signs of a recently bustling workplace that have vacate . int . check - in - night the cop hustle trevor up to a counter , finger print he , sit he in a chair . one of they sit at a computer terminal . despite be indoors both cop keep they sunglass on . cop #1 full name ? trevor trevor Alan good . cop #1 Age ? trevor thirty one . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : trevor ( cont would ) do not you guy ever take you sunglass off ? smash CUT to : int . hallway - night the cop hurry trevor down a dank corridor toward a line up room . trevor sneak a peek inside one of the room . inside the doorway : two detective have some hapless soul strapped to some odd look electrical contraption . hapless soul I tell you I do not know ! detective#1 wrong answer ! detective # 1 hit a button and a shock race through the hapless soul 's body . just then the other detective notice trevor look in and slam the door shut . the trio come to the line up room . int . line up anteroom - night trevor be shove into the cramped booth - like room with four other strange look men who all stare at he . silence for a moment then : a loud buzz be hear and the door on the other side of room open . cop #1 single file . trevor follow the other man . the man just ahead of trevor turn to he . man we be all here for you trevor . cop#1 no talking ! int . line up room - night trevor walk in with the rest of the gentleman . hugging the nearest wall they go up a small set of stair onto a stage . trevor hear Lange 's voice overhead . lange's voice stop and face the mirror ! ( continued ) 82 . continued : the five man do as they be tell , face a large two - way mirror on the opposite wall . a awkward moment . lange's voice ( cont 'd ) thank you ! the door to the room open again and trevor turn , lead the other man back through the anteroom . int . hallway - night the cop hustle trevor out into the hallway . the next door down open and out come two more detective and ... tawny's boyfriend , the brute , look fit to be tie . he see trevor and fill with rage . brute I hope they fry you ass mutherfucker ! he lunge at trevor . it take the detective he 's with and two more cop to keep he from pummel trevor . as trevor 's lead away the brute begin to sob uncontrollably . brute ( cont 'd ) ( to trevor ) you 're gonna burn in hell !! cop # 1 get quite a fan club do not you , hotshot ? int . interrogation room - night trevor sit at a tape recorder . Lange sit across from he . trevor for the last time . I honestly do not know how any of they die ... Lange stand , squirting antihistamine in he nose . he nod at trevor and walk out . no sooner have the door close when it open again and given walk in . given get right in trevor 's face . given now I want you to tell I what you remember happen - in you own word - exactly the way you tell detective Lange . but this time I want you to make one small adjustment . trevor what 's that ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : given whirl around revealing Lange 's face on the back of he head ! lange don't fucking lie to I ! trevor think a moment . he be absolutely numb . he smile a little insanely . trevor I do it . I kill they all . I confess . int . police station hallway - night still handcuff trevor be escort toward the detention area by the cop in the sunglass . he 's silently praying he will wake up from this one somehow . no such luck . trevor and the cop round a corner and there 's Lange run up to they . lange ( to the cop ) Quick detour through the morgue boy . Lange lead they to a set of elevator . trevor morgue ...? lange that 's right trevor . the timing be impeccable be not it ? it 's be eight month two week and three day but we finally find the body . just need you to id it for we . trevor where be it ? lange ( cont 'd ) that 's the weird part . it just magically turn up in the river less than thirty yard from where the car have land . like somebody put it there while we be not look . the elevator door open and they get in . int . elevator - night it 's a long ride down . nobody speak . trevor look at the cop in the sunglass . one of they take he pair off . his eye socket be empty . we can see brain . ( continued ) 84 . continued : the cop clean he shade then he mouth smile at trevor before he put the sunglass back on . finally the door open . Lange unlock trevor 's handcuffs and the cop push he out the door into a dark corridor . int . dark corridor - night trevor look back to see Lange and the cop stare back at he . lange just keep walk trevor . you can not miss it . one of the cop wave bye- bye to he . and with that the elevator door shut . trevor turn around and face the long corridor . he begin he hike towards its end where a ominous set of double door await . he arrive at they and push they open . int . morgue - night as soon as the door open fluorescent light flicker overhead illuminate two wall of metal drawer and between they : a large slab of marble upon which rest a human form cover with a sheet . trevor enter . he make he way toward the body and stare at it . a low wheeze noise come from a dark corner just beyond the slab distract he . trevor look and freeze when he see : the goat lay on the floor in a pool of blood . it 's still breathe . one of the goat 's slatted eye be stare at trevor as if begging for mercy . a strange ripping noise be hear . the goat mewl in pain then its eye roll up . Dead . the animal 's body begin to quiver as a tiny wound on its back widen spitting out stream of blood . trevor begin to back away as the wound stretch open , give birth to a rise form ... pinhead . he rise completely from the goat , step out of the wound . he be red with blood for a second . then he skin and robe absorb the blood like a sponge . pinhead approach trevor block he from the body on the slab . ( continued ) 85 . continued : pinhead how be we little student do ? have he learn he lesson yet ? trevor I do not know who you be or what you want . I just want to know what 's under that sheet ... pinhead use you mind for something other than number dear trevor . think about people for a change . people other than yourself . like the woman you sleep with behind you wife 's back . you be always so confident you have cover you track . always confident you wife actually believe you fervent denial ? part of you must have know she would find out . flash back : int . gwen' office - night gwen have trevor on she desk riding he like a hobby horse . rain pound against she window . ext . cubic route actuarial research - night kirsty sit inside the car look up at the window , eye narrowing . pinhead ( o.s. ) jealousy arouse a spouse 's fury . and no mercy will be show when that revenge be give . int . trevor be apt . - night rubbing the baby that 's grow inside she , kirsty sit in front of the tv watch trevor have yet another romantic rendezvous with tawny . the tv screen dissolves to trevor in bed with yet another woman ... and another ... and another ... back to : int . morgue - night that fatal bell begin to toll . with each peel the wall of the morgue shake . it 's wall begin to rumble and crack . ( continued ) 86 . continued : pinhead even a mind as narcissistic as yours must have wonder : what unspeakable act be you wife commit behind you back ? ext . wood - night low angle up at : kirsty , trevor 's lovely wife , raise a rock above she . kirsty ( to camera ) Goodbye you miserable sonofabitch ! and slamming a rock down on we . bacK to : int . morgue - night trevor what 's under that sheet ...? pinhead you probably do not remember the night we play . you first year as husband and wife . flash back : int . trevor' apt . , bedroom - night trevor and a very pregnant kirsty sit on they bed , pass the cube back and forth . trevor 's the one with the magic touch . the cube begin to open in he hand . kirsty 's eye light up as she watch ... pinhead ( v.o. ) it must have seem like we be uninvite guest crash you little celebration . on the wall as shadow begin to flail in pain and panic . off screen scream be hear as blood begin to shower the wall of the bedroom . pinhead ( v.o. ) but someone be expect we trevor . and everything go accord to plan . back to : 87 . int . morgue - night pinhead we be about to come for kirsty . when we be offer a deal . we do not usually consider bargain but this one be too good to pass up . a tribute to the resourcefulness of a parent hellbent on protect its spawn . the deal we be offer be this : three more soul in exchange for the life of the unborn child inside kirsty . the three soul have already be pick out . needless to say we be very impressed . the light dim . drawer behind pinhead begin to open . we see gwen 's body , tawny 's , Sage 's , bonnie 's . pinhead ( cont 'd ) two of you favorite companion , most supple and delicious as you already know . and the man you have at one time conspire to kill kirsty with . until you find out she be with child . smash CUT to : quick image of gwen , tawny , and bret be rent to piece by the cenobite , scream in vain . int . morgue - night pinhead ( cont 'd ) they be all real screamer too . we have a blast . and there be one more . you have see many thing you wish you have not . many nightmare from which you never awoke . they be all clue in we little puzzle . can you guess now trevor ? can you guess the fifth soul choose for we to torment in this little agreement ? the light flicker overhead , redden with each strobe . hundred of that little sewer monster come slithering out of the crack in the wall , racing toward trevor . he do not care . trevor what' under the sheet ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : pinhead ( smile ) welcome to the worst nightmare of they all , trevor . reality . pinhead grab the sheet and whip it back . trevor 's jaw drop in disbelief . it's trevor' body . it be blue , bloat and mutilate . the corpse 's skull have a massive crack in it . trevor ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... flash back : int . lange's office - day kirsty sit across from Lange , who slide the cube across the desk towards she . lange open this and you problem will disappear forever . and no one will ever suspect you . int . car - day kirsty drive . trevor sit in the passenger seat , in the same position we see he in during he last flashback . only now it be clear the reason he head be rest on the baby blanket be to keep he brain from spilling out he split open skull . on kirsty' hand hold he . it be now cover with blood . kirsty shhh it 's okay . ext . bridge - day the car go off the bridge landing in the water . kirsty 's head break the surface . she watch the car sink into the river . back to : int . morgue trevor stare at he own dead body in utter disbelief . the sewer monster begin crawl up he leg . pinhead smile . trevor ( cont 'd ) nooo !! ( continued ) 89 . continued : the scream echoes over trevor 's dead self , which seem so tranquil in contrast . hold on the corpse . after a beat the bell stop , as do the rumbling and the crack . the light brighten . serenity . then : kirsty' voice yes . yes that 's he . reverse angle on kirsty look down at the corpse wiping she eye . she look over to the other side of the body where trevor and pinhead have be stand . where now detective lange and the coroner dr . ambrose have be stand . the two gentleman look at each other . lange well I guess that 's it then . thank you Mrs. good I realize that must have be tough . Lange escort kirsty to the door . they exit but not before kirsty give she late husband a parting glance . ambrose cover trevor 's body and look off camera . dr . ambrose alrighty . let 's get start folk . reverse on two other doctor who be busy themselves collect instrument . allison and sage . they walk over to trevor 's body and get to work . Sage stick a needle in trevor 's arm . sage collect 4ucc of serum ... ambrose examine cranial fracture ... allison at he side , ambrose check the wound on trevor 's head , pause to look inside trevor 's eye . trevor' Pov : ambrose close the eyelid again . ambrose ( cont 'd ) check oral cavity for blockage ... ambrose open trevor 's mouth . ambrose ( cont 'd ) and we have a winner ... ambrose pull a long black dead lamprey out of trevor 's mouth . look at the slippery creature for a moment . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) allison look like a eel of some kind . ambrose guess it be murder after all . sage yeah all we need be the eel 's motive . allison hold out a large freezer bag , into which ambrose dump the dead lamprey . allison I still do not get it . he 's be miss for almost eight month . but this body have not be dead more than twenty four hour . dr . ambrose make you wonder what he be up to between the time he disappear and when he die . allison walk right up to the corpse 's face . allison well ? what do you say trevor ? que pasa ? dr . ambrose ( shiver ) allison what on earth possess you to converse with cadaver ? sage ( look at trevor 's corpse ) it 's simple , Dr. ambrose . what if there be no afterlife ? what happen when we die ? do we just stay stick inside you body for eternity watch ourselves decompose ? ambrose I be not follow this ... allison well if that 's the case ... would not you want someone to talk to you like a normal human be one last time ? ambrose you two be creep I out . and I be a coroner . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) allison fix a stray lock of hair on trevor 's forehead . quick cut : allison slip a tag on trevor 's toe ; slide trevor 's body into the morgue drawer ; she hand turn the lock on the drawer . allison ( o.s. ) adios amigo . int . lange's office - day Lange sit across from kirsty , who sign some paperwork on Lange 's desk . kirsty I would have come in sooner but I have a important errand to run last night . out of town . figure you would find he body the minute I decide to go off somewhere . lange well you make it down here that 's the important part . thank you for you patience Mrs. good . she nod teary eye . she slide the paperwork across he desk and get up to leave . lange ( cont 'd ) one last thing ... when they find he he be hold something . not to get too graphic but they have to wrench it from he hand . Lange reach under he desk then stand revealing : the cube inside a ziploc bag . Lange and kirsty exchange a know glance . lange ( cont 'd ) figure you might want it . kirsty of course . that be my ... last anniversary present to he . lange a token to remember he by now . Goodbye Mrs. good . she take the cube . ( continued ) 92 . continued : kirsty thank you detective . Lange take out he nasal sprayer as she walk out . she close the door behind she and Lange look up at the close door . he stick the sprayer up he nose . int . police station hallway - day kirsty walk toward the exit . on she way she pass a trash can . she discretely toss the cube into it and rub she hand together . ext . police station - day the bird be chirp . the sun be shine . kirsty good walk out the door and take a breath of fresh air . she skip down the step of the police station toward the street . she stop in the middle of the sidewalk look both way . a shadow come up behind she . it 's the stranger trevor have see out he window . he grab she shoulder startling kirsty . she turn to see larry ellis , shit -eate grin on he face . he 's hold a eight month old baby . the one he be draw . larry look for someone , kirsty ? kirsty ( take the baby ) you bet I be . kirsty plant a multitude of smother kiss on the laugh child as a nanny come up behind Larry push a stroller . kirsty gently place the baby in it . kirsty ( cont 'd ) ( to nanny ) okay we be on we way . remember she - nanny lactose intolerance . I have stock the fridge with lactaid . kirsty see you in a couple of week . you have get my cell number right ? the nanny push the stroller away , nodd , wave good - bye . Larry smile as he watch the baby go . ( continued ) 93 . continued : larry Daisy be get so big . ( beat ) I still can not believe he be she father . kirsty smile to herself . kirsty counselor can we not mention he anymore . can we just start spend he money instead . they walk slowly toward the curb . larry I have always want to go to madagascar . kirsty you mean the place with bat ? larry they be call fly lemur . kirsty yeah that sound like a real blast ... they put they arm around each other . kirsty ( cont would ) I have be think about it . this have to have be the best eight month of my life . Larry see a cab and rush out to hail it . larry ( cont 'd ) taxi ! something out the corner of she eye scare kirsty . she turn to see Lange stand there . lange you forget something . Lange hold up the cube she toss out . kirsty 's expression fall . but ... how ...? kirsty oh . thank you . kirsty take the cube . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) lange ( cont 'd ) no Mrs. good . Lange turn and kirsty 's shock there 's given ' face ... on the back of Lange 's head ! given thank you . given smile at she then walk away . she slowly walk toward the cab where Larry have open the door for she . larry after you my dear . int . cab - day kirsty slide into the cab look at the cube in despair . Larry slide in after she . larry ( to the cabbie ) Airport please . he grab kirsty 's knee . she just stare at the cube . larry ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) what 's up ? Larry look down at the cube . it have magically rise from she palm and begin to rearrange itself in that way we have come to know and love so well . the cabbie , look back at the sight , slowly slide the window between the driver and passenger compartment shut . kirsty time , Larry . time 's up . ext . cab - day as the cab drive off into traffic we see light flicker from within it . the cab pass a cathedral . its bell begins to toll . bong bong bong bong