" hellboy " by guillermo del toro production draft 6/14/03 omit int . darkroom - interview 1 in a photographic darkroom : old optical enlarger , porcelain trays , timer , and still hang out to dry . GEORGE matlin , a slightly obese , nearsight man in he seventies . old matlin be he real ? oh yeah -- absolutely . Super : cpl . GEORGE matlin , combat photographer . old matlin I have not talk about it for year , you know ? ( look at the camera ) everyone call I crazy ... matlin smile as he paw through a box of old negative . old matlin but I have the negative . someone turn on the darkroom 's red safety light for a eerie , dramatic effect . technician voice get ready , 3 - 2 -1 ... Roll tape . old matlin it all start back in '' 44 . I be a Corps photographer aboard a ally submarine ... CUT to : int . submarine hallway - night young matlin 's hand again paw through a bunch of negative , again under a red light . now , at 21 , he 's wedge in a submarine corridor , a crowded maze of pipe and gauge . 35 mm still camera dangle from he neck . he shrink back as a squad of marine hustle past he , load weapon . old matline voice ...off the coast of Scotland . classify mission . I be 21 ... sgt . whitman , 44 , tough as nail , push through , he uniform soak in sweat . old matline voice we have a English civilian on board . not much older than I but already a advisor to President Roosevelt . " paranormal " advisor , I kid you not -- Whitman continue down the passageway until he reach a small ... int . submarine stateroom - night within , a incongruously proper young englishman " read " a ancient set of tarot card . old matline voice his name be trevor . profesor trevor -- whitman -- broom ! topside , now . trevor " broom " bruttenholm be a gaunt , olive -skin man in he late twenty . in he hand , a tarot deck . he turn the card face up : the fool , the moon ... whitman the sooner we be do , the better . broom grab a wear - down wooden box full of book and amulet . it have a leather strap that allow he to carry it , much like a carpenter 's tool box . broom this be a important mission , sgt. Whitman . I hope you realize that . whitman oh -- you do not wanna know what I think . topside , now . he move away . broom take a small box and a few amulet . before exite , he pause and tensely turn the last tarot card : the devil . CUT to : omit int / ext . scotland - tunnel - night Super : october 9 , 1944 , scotland . it 's raining like hell now . Soldiers move through a short tunnel carve into the mountain . Whitman signal he man to spread out , then come alongside broom . broom sgt. Whitman !! sgt. Whitman !! May I have a word ?? whitman ( impatient ) what be it ? broom in private , if you do not mind ... ext . scotland chapel remains they enter the remain of a small chapel . broom produce the small box . it 's full of rosary . broom you man -- they will need this -- Whitman scowl and huff . a life-size wooden Christ contemplate the scene from above . whitman you be a Catholic ?? broom amongst other thing , yes -- but that 's hardly the point . Whitman lock and load a automatic . whitman here . you will need one of this . broom I abhor violence . ( Whitman move away ) sergeant Whitman , I hope you do not think I mad -- whitman Three day too late for that one , " professor . " he move away . broom look up to the wooden Christ : it have no eye . ext . ditch matlin haul he tripod and gear and join the troops on the move . broom catch up with Whitman . whitman you be waste we time : there 's nothing on this island but sheep and rock . broom ruin . not rock . the remain of trondham Abbey . built on a intersection of ley line , the boundary between we world and the other -- whitman ( interrupt he ) what a load of crap . Hell , a week ago I have not even hear the word parabnormal -- broom " paranormal " ( Whitman move on ) but -- you read the transmission . whitman half transmission . nonsense -- german ghost storey ! broom I have see ghost , Whitman . whitman oh , I will bet you have . reaching a slope , matlin set down he camera . turn , he see light . matlin sweet Jesus . drenched , broom and Whitman look down upon a impressive romanesque ruin . under worklight , dozen of nazi soldier swarm among thick stone wall and archway . broom they must be here for the sheep . omit ext . among the ruins - night a dozen german soldier swiftly assemble a large steel machine . the work be monitor by a spindly Nazi in black leather , he face cover by a odd gas mask : kroenen . whitman the freak in the gas mask -- broom Karl ruprecht kroenen , one of the Reich 's top scientist . head of the thule occult Society . ext . nearby - broom - night he lower a pair of binocular and pass they to Whitman . broom if he 's here , this be worse than I think . whitman ( to the radio man ) Air and sea backup . what 's close ? the radioman crank a transmitter to life . radio man londonderry , sir . forty minute away . broom we do not have forty minute . ext . abbey ruins - altar area - night kroenen throw a switch : on the machine , dozen of gear respond ! steam piston thrust copper rail upright , lift two mighty metal ring , not unlike a gyroscope . kroenen grunt and signal for more floodlight to be turn on . ext . behind the altar - night the light flood a ancient sacristy line with erode stone saint . grigory , tall and gaunt , stand naked , arm fully extend . grigory no matter what happen to I , you must carry on with the work . ilsa , a severe , ageless Aryan beauty , reverentially drape a embroider robe over he bony shoulder . ilsa I will not leave you . grigory yes , you will ... leave I . deny I . ilsa never -- he hand she a small leather - bound book . it contain hand - draw note and illustration . grigory this will guide you back to I . he pull she close , the cloud of they breath mingling . grigory I grant you everlast life , youth and the power to serve I . he dip he finger in a wooden bowl full of blood , then wipe she tear away with a crimson thumb , both a consolation and a ritual . von krupt , a acrid german General , wear dark scarlet glass and leather glove , appear . look at he pocket watch . on the gold lid : a swastika . von krupt it 's time . omit ext . abbey ruins - altar area - ceremony - night grigory walk towards the machine , its colossal steel and copper clockwork gleam in the floodlight . von krupt five year of research and construction , grigory . five year !! he stride alongside grigory and ilsa , who hold a umbrella to shield she master from the pour rain . von krupt the furhrer do not look kindly on failure . grigory there will be no failure , General . I promise herr Hitler a miracle . I will deliver one . kroenen mutter excitedly as he open a polished oak box contain a massive gold and copper mecha-glove . grigory extend he hand so that kroenen may fit he with the contraption , which be attach to cable and hose . ext . the hilltop - allied soldier - night the Americans fan out , unseen . broom and Whitman dive into a ditch barely in time to avoid a german foot patrol . other GI 's take up position below a machine gun nest . ext . abbey ruins - altar area - night grigory walk to the top of the altar , cable trail behind he . grigori tonight , we will open a portal and awaken the ogdru jahad : the seven god of chaos . ( beat ) we enemy will be destroy . in a instant , all impurity in this world will be raze and from the ash a new eden will arise . he look down at the machine and whisper -- grigory ragnarok , anung ia anung . he flexe he finger and in response -- -- the two metal ring swing around the machine 's central axis . tchink !!! whirrr !!! steam escape from the duct and pipe . a invisible blast of energy force the fall rain to swerve momentarily away from grigory 's body . ilsa signal two nazi scientist stand at a control panel . ilsa more power !! do not let the level drop !! one of they insert a 20 inch solid gold cylinder into the machine . two opening remain vacant next to it . a blade of light open in the air ! Burning symbol slash the air , like live serpent of fire . ext . cosmic slit - night the edge of the cosmic slit sizzle with color ; a alien galaxy sparkles on the other side . suddenly , a work light tear loose and fly in . ext . cosmic slit - from the other side - night the six - foot work light tumble by the massive ogdru jahad : seven egg-like monolith of unholy origin . within they translucent wall , horrible creature lie slumbering . as the light sweep by , one of the giant open a filmy eye , and then another , and another , and another ... fleshy tentacles move lazily within they crystalline prison . ext . abbey ruins - altar area - night grigory scream as he body rise . vein swell in he neck , he face distort by ecstasy and pain . click . someone shoot a photograph . ext . ruins - in the underbrush - night it 's matlin , snap for all he 's worth . Whitman pull he down and pull out a large bayonet blade . whitman listen to I , you moron : you do that again , I will carve you a new -- too late . one of the nazi scientist have hear they . ext . ruins , in the underbrush - night the Nazi scientist approach . pause next to the box with the gold cylinder . broom ( fierce whisper , to whitman ) listen to I !!! the portal be open !!! we have to stop they !!! ext . abbey ruins - altar area - night grigory dangle like a marionette in a new surge of energy . even the skeptical von krupt be in thrall . the nazi scientist reach for a second gold cylinder . but something else land next to he : a grenade !!! the explosion blow he to piece . in a few second , the squad of ally storm the area . a hail of bullet cut down a dozen Nazis . the ally overrun the machine gun nest as grenade explode everywhere . von krupt shoot wildly , hit broom in the leg . but Whitman 's bullet rip into the old Nazi 's chest . leave a trail of blood , broom crawl to a dead g.i. and grab a grenade from he belt . tchkkk !!! kroenen extend two gleam blade from twin steel band on he wrist and take on a entire group of soldier , mow through they with sword spin like deadly rotor . the steel chop clean through they weapon . broom pull the pin and throw the grenade at the generator . click -clack !! it wedge itself between two move tie rod . kroenen squeal and -- retract he blade -- lunge after it . the gyrate rail slice through he leather jacket . as he finger reach the grenade , it explode !!! kroenen fly through the air , hit a stone wall , where two long piece of shrapnel pin he like a insect . another rail plunge -- fffft !! , like a javelin -- into the earth right next to matlin . ilsa grigory ! ext . abbey ruins - altar area - night grigory 's face be distort , pull like ectoplasmic taffy , he body contort and break . the cosmic portal suddenly implode ! nothing be leave but a few burnt rail and the metal glove , empty and smoking . as the ally approach , the fight rage on . grigory and ilsa be go . and for now , so be kroenen . embed in the wall where he be pin , two bloody rail , nothing more . omit ext . inside the church - night ally soldier penetrate the ruin . matlin help broom up . matlin it 's almost over !! broom no . it 's not . he pick up a sample of white , viscous goo from the outer ring of the smoking machine . Whitman approach . broom cordon off the area . something come through . whitman from where ??!! broom glance at a 13th century fresco depict heaven and hell . ext . inside church ruins - night still raining . a group of soldier spread out , use flashlight to scour through the rubble . every one of they have a rosary hang from the bayonet . omit ext . inside chapel ruins - night broom hastily bandage he bleed leg . matlin and Whitman roam over the debris . rain pour through the break roof . matlin do you believe in hell ? broom there be a place -- a dark place where evil slumber and await to return . from there it infect we dream . we thought . grigory give we a glance tonight -- matlin grigory -- that 's Russian , right ? ( broom nod ) think they be on we side ... broom grigory yefimovich rasputin -- matlin c'mon -- rasputin ?? broom spiritual advisor to the romanovs . ( beat ) in 1916 , at a dinner in he honor , he be poison , shot , stab , clubbed , drown and castrate . matlin that make he more than a hundred -- a rustling sound reach they ear . matlin ready a handgun as broom scan the wall with he flashlight . something move , accompany by a loud scrape . matlin cock he pistol and nervously approach a crumble statue . screeeech !!!! a red thing jump into the air !! instinctively , matlin shoot at it . the red thing leap from arch to arch , follow by a trail of bullet hit . Whitman and other soldier join they -- matlin ( to broom ) what the hell be that ? a ape ? broom no . it be red . Bright red . whitman what be you two talk about ?? matlin a red ape . broom it 's-not - a - ape -- they hear the labor breathe of a live creature . matlin it 's get a big stone -- in its hand -- broom I think that be its hand . hiss , the thing cower between a gargoyle and a stone saint . whitman point he gun at the scarlet shape above . broom stop he from fire . broom wait -- in deep shadow , the red thing observe with bright , golden eye vein with streak of burnt sienna . broom slowly fish a baby RUTH candy bar from he pocket . peel back the wrapper , he slowly wave the candy . the red thing shrink back . broom bite into the candy and chew , noisily smack he lip . offer the candy again . this time , out of the dark come a small face , not very different from the stone demon around it . the creature extend its right arm : it 's solid stone with tiny rune engrave around the thick , cylindrical wrist . four articulate stone finger wiggle , reach for the chocolate . young soldier Jesus ! would 'ya look at the size of that whammer ! Whitman move closer . on the wall behind he , a shadow show the red thing climb into broom 's arm . broom tenderly cover it with a blanket . the stubby finger snatch the candy . broom smile . broom it 's a boy . just a baby boy . ext . chapel ruins - night the soldier cluster around , curious to see it . matlin prepare he camera and direct they into a group shot . broom smile like a proud new father and embrace the creature , patting he gently . click !!! old matline voice best photo of my career -- CUT to : int . darkroom - back to interview 1 old matlin and no one have ever see it . they keep say he 's not real , but I want to set the record straight before I go . matlin finally pull a old 8x10 from a batter portfolio . he smile , full of memory . old matlin here . the real picture , not the retouch one in life magazine . ( hand over the photograph ) this be he . the very same night we find he . the night broom give he that name . ( beat ) can I say it on tv ? he call he -- ext . inside the church - back to ' 44 - night broom ( smile at the creature ) hellboy . Inside the blanket , hellboy blink he bright golden eye and chew candy , he devilish red tail twitching happily . CUT to : hellboy - MAIN title montage : tabloid cover and news clipping scream hellboy sighting in reno !! government denial !!! etc. tv newscaster read lurid copy . springer excerpt ( fist fight include ) feature the show 's theme : I be hellboy' bride !! some blurry , grainy footage depict hellboy crossing a alley . much like bigfoot in the wood . tom manning ( v.o. ) look at that . that 's a costume . this people amaze I . int . studio t.v. host show - interview # 2 - day manning be a bald , official - look guy in a suit . manning with they conveniently blurry footage of they beloved " hellboy . " and they claim that he work for the FBI - ? super on tv : tom manning , f.b.i . head of special operation . man on a tv show a la regis philbin . tv host as the head of you division , you -- you have see dozen of picture like this !!! manning exactly -- so , why be it that they be all out of focus ? c'mon !! God know , people manage to get good picture at a wedding !! he show a blurry picture . manning that 's the alleged best man -- ? the audience applaud . ext . high mountain , eastern europe - day in the thick of a snowstorm , three figure climb the icy step of a massive rock formation . Super : birgau pass , moldavia , present day . ext . high mountain ( set ) , eastern europe - day the three figure move through a narrow passage until they reach a dead end . figure 1 stop at a symbol carve in the rocky ground and consult grigory 's leather - bound book . the symbol match a illustration in the book . before they , a thick wall of ice . use a heavy steel hammer , figure 1 break through . peasant guide I will guide you no further . figure 2 produce two small gold ingot . hand one to the guide . keeps the other one . the guide examine he pay greedily : engrave in it : a swastika . int . ice cave - SMALL corridor - day the ice curtain collapse , revealing a rough - wall corridor . figure 1 spot a glow firefly . they follow it into -- int . ice cave - MAIN nave - day a cathedral - like vault that could easily hold a stadium . from a open somewhere above , eerie blue light stream down on a magnificent labyrinth . a few more firefly speckle the air , winking on and off . int . ice cave - labyrinth - day the three figure move past cyclopean statue guard the inhuman architecture . the human be dwarf by the monumental scale of the walkway and rampart . int . ice cave - central labyrinth area - day at the center of the labyrinth the stone floor be cover in groove radiating from a shallow stone basin . figure 3 uncover he face : he 's a peasant guide . peasant guide ( in romanian ) we should not be here -- figure 1 exchange a meaningful look with figure 2 . figure 1 throw two solid gold piece at the foot of the sherpa . on they , a emboss swastika . after a greedy moment of think , the peasant kneel to pick up the gold . tchkk !!! a long , shiny blade pierce the peasant 's chest from behind . he blink twice and slump forward . figure 2 step out from behind he , a long , bloody blade in he hand . the figure uncover they face . ilsa have not age and kroenen , still wear the same tight gas mask . he clean he blade in the snow and take back the gold . ilsa watch the sherpa 's blood as it run in a steaming rivulet , trace a glyph in the groove and fill the basin . a figure rise from the blood . a naked human shape , haloed by firefly . ilsa you eye . what do they do to you eye ? CUT to : int . doctor' office - day mechanize roller transport X - Ray film over a backlit screen . a group of 4 doctor study the picture and exchange somber look . rain spatter the window . Doctor 1 glance at the other . doctor 1 have you tell he yet ? Doctor 2 look through a glass partition at a age but dignify broom , 72 , who slowly button he shirt . hanging from he wrist , he rosary . int . doctor office - examination room - day doctor 2 malignant sarcoma . in the lung ... the spine , liver ... broom approximately ... how long ?? doctor 2 maybe -- six week . broom impassively take in the information . doctor 2 I can arrange for hospitalization , pain management . make the time more bearable -- broom pensively shuffles he tarot card . broom ( shake he head ) I would rather ... stay home , you know . I will be make arrangement -- ( beat ) for my son . doctor 2 you can always get a second opinion . broom look down : first card off the deck : death . broom that will not be necessary . ext . n.y. - manhattan STREET - day leave stir on the pavement . all the store be decorate for Halloween . two kid dress as skeleton run in front of broom , carry a jack-o-lantern . lean on a cane , broom exit the building and walk toward a wait black mercede . the driver ( agent lime ) open the door . broom pause to buy a dozen baby RUTH candy bar from a street vendor . in a electronics store , a wall of tv 's . the image of a red , blurry shape ( hellboy ) fill the screen . broom ( see this ) Son ... tv host mister man , what about the " Bureau for paranormal Research and Defense ? " the FBI have be know to conceal -- tom manning that word -- conceal -- tv host from the american public -- tom manning phil -- phil -- hold you little green horse . let I tell you and the american public one thing -- this " Bureau for -- what be it ? tv host paranormal Research and -- tom manning -- Defense , right , well -- I be here to clear up this once and for all . ( he look at the camera ) there - is-no-such -thing . broom smile . omit ext . b.p.r.d. build complex - day on a wood , new jersey hill , a low -slung , high - tech complex rest at the edge of a bluff , its foundation fuse with the rock below . super : bureau for paranormal research and defense , newark , n.j. ext . b.p.r.d. complex - gate entrance - day a dolled - up mod-style mope stop at the massive gate . strapped to the luggage rack be two cheap suitcase . the driver , a very wet young man name myer , touch a old fashioned buzzer under a sign read " waste management " a crackle intercom voice answer . intercom voice yes ? myer ( shiver ) John myer , f.b.i. transfer from quantico . a beat , then -- whirrr !!! a eyepiece and a lcd screen scanner pop out . intercom voice look at the birdie , son . myer look into the eyepiece . on the screen , myer ' cornea be scan . two violet flash . his id and badge number appear . clack ! the gate open . ext . uphill road - the moped - day the mope putt-putt towards the building in the distance . int . b.p.r.d. lobby - day seat at a dramatic circular desk be a solitary guard . myer approach . myer hello , I be -- lobby guard -- late . five minute late . myer yes , I -- lobby guard -- section fifty - one . step back . myer pardon ? lobby guard two step back , please . confused , myer pick up he suitcase and comply . he realize he 's dead CENTER on a giant b.p.r.d. logo : a hand holding a sword . lobby guard watch you hand and elbow . immediately , the floor under myer ' foot start down . he 's on a small elevator . int . / ext . OPEN elevator - on the way down - day the panel overhead slide shut . a row of safety light come on . int . OPEN elevator - day he 's in a vast underground area with other elevator move up and down in the distance . int . b.p.r.d. - concrete chamber 51 - dusk the elevator stop in a narrow , dark space . neon light flicker on , illuminate a circular chamber . painted on the floor be a huge number : 51 . right in front of myer : a magnificent oak door . myer knock on it . no answer . myer enter . int . broomus office ( full aquarium ) - dusk myer look around , fascinate : book . a office make of they . the soft glow of green -shade read lamp bathes everything in a intimate , warm light . one entire wall be a thick pane of glass , the wall of a huge tank of water . a voice crackle through a intercom next to the tank . voice turn the page , please . myer jump , then move closer to the glass . voice over here ... if you do not mind ? in the tank , abe sapien , a fish - man glide in and out view . myer Jesus Christ ! myer look at four book stand face the glass . each support a open volume . he lean close to the glass , peer intently . abe reappear . he be slender , dolphin gray , with dark pattern streaking he soft skin . Bright blue eye shine with intelligence . behind a thin wound - like mouth , gill be bubbling . myer ( point at the book ) this -- ? you be read this -- ? abe nod . through a side door , broom enter . broom four book at once . every day -- as long as I be here to turn the page . ( smile ) my name 's broom . Professor trevor broom . myer extend he hand in greeting -- myer Sir , I be -- bam ! abe press he webbed hand against the glass , close he eye -- all three lid . abe 's voice surge from the speaker . abe agent John T. myer , Kansas City , 76 . " T " stand for thaddeus , mother 's older brother . scar on you chin happen when you be ten , you still wonder if it 's ever go to fade away . myer how do it -- broom -- he. not " it . " broom abraham sapien . discover alive in a secret chamber at St. trinian 's foundle Hospital , Washington . point at a small piece of antique paper , frame on the wall . broom they take he name from this little inscription that be stick on he tank . myer ( read ) icthyo sapien , April 14 , 1865 . broom the day abraham lincoln die . hence " abe " sapien . broom uncover a tray by the tank : four greenish egg . myer gag and reel back . broom rotten egg , a delicacy . abe love they . abe smile and take a subaquatic bow , gracefully nabbing the egg as they float through the hatch . myer how do he know so much about I ? broom abe possess a unique frontal lobe . ( beat ) " unique . " that 's a word you will hear quite a bit around here . myer where be I -- exactly , Sir ? broom as you enter the lobby there be a inscription -- myer on the desk , yes . in Latin . broom impressive . do you remember what it say ? myer ( sigh ) " in absentia luci , tenebrae vinciunt ... " broom " in the absence of light , darkness prevail . " for there be thing that go bump in the night , agent myer . ( smile ) we be the one who bump back . omit CUT to : int . b.p.r.d . - freak corridor " a " - night myer and broom walk down a corridor . the wall be line with glass case contain occult artifact . myer eye a mummified hand , a clay golem , a sumptuous pagan altar ... broom 1937 : Hitler join " the thule Society " -- a group of german aristocrat obsessed with the occult . he point to a ancient , broken lance . broom 1938 : he acquire the spear of longinus , which pierce the body of Christ . he who hold it become invincible . he gesture at a ancient lance . next to it : a silver and gold reliquary . broom Hitler 's power increase tenfold . they go through a series of pneumatic door . broom in 1943 , President Roosevelt decide to fight back . the bureau for paranormal research and defense be bear . Workmen be replace two of the door . Big dent from a oversize fist have deform the 2 - inch thick metal plate . myer stare . broom 1958 , the occult war finally end when Adolf Hitler die . myer 1945 , you mean . Hitler die in ' 45 . broom ( enigmatic smile ) do he , now ? they reach a final door . Stainless steel , like a bank vault . wait there be agent clay , a burly guy in a suit , with a cartful of beef and mashed potatoe . a dinner pile at least 4 foot high . broom agent myer , this be agent clay . follow he lead . broom hand myer two baby RUTH bar and walk away . myer you be not come ? broom signal " no . " broom I hand - pick you from a roster of over seventy academy graduate . make I proud . the door close behind he . clay they be not speak . Professor broom have he ground . myer ground ? who 's ground ? clay okay . you see the fish man , right ? myer nod . clay well , come on in and meet the rest of the family . clay use a odd - shape electronic key to unlock the door . Three solenoid lock turn . two steel vertical piston open up . int . hellboy' den - night clay push the cart into a solid concrete bunker , windowless , austere except for a few samurai suit of armor and weapon . dozen of cat wander around ; other be curl up on the furniture . there be Zippo 's everywhere , from every era . on a sofa ( make from the bed of a pickup truck ) be a heap of blanket and comic book . all in all , a mega bachelor pad . clay ( sotto voce ) he get feed six time a day . he 's get a thing for cat . you will be he nanny , he keeper , he best friend . he never go out unsupervise -- myer who ?! clay point at a tear comic book : hellboy , the uncanny . myer pick it up , look at the cover : it show hellboy -- in a U.S. uniform , fight a monstrous ape . myer watch , amaze , as a bright red tail wave in and out of a pool of light about ten foot away . one of the cat playfully paw at it . myer ( sotto voce ) you be kid -- hellboy that comic -- they never get the eye right . the voice be a deep baritone , chesty and powerful . myer ( to clay , sotto voce ) oh , Jesus !! hellboy -- ?? be real -- clay ( sotto voce ) yup . sixty year old by we count . but he do not age like we do -- think dog year : he 's barely out of he teens . myer gasp , see a monumental figure in the shadow , exercise with a 300 lb . Stainless steel dumbbell . crimson biceps like cook ham . chomping a unlit cigar stub . hellboy what 's with the hair , clay ?? finally get that implant ?? agent clay blushes as he hide he scalp . clay it will fill in . where do you want you dinner , Red ? by the couch ? on a nearby pile of junked tv set , a loop of fleischer cartoon and home movie cycle endlessly . one subject appear over and over : a attractive young woman with a pale face and raven-black hair . hellboy who 's the squirt ? clay agent myer be you new liaison . hellboy get tired of I ? clay Nah . I will be around , Red , just back in the field . bang !!! hellboy let the dumbbell drop . instinctively , myer jump . hellboy I do not want he . clay man say I be too soft on you -- ( sotto voce , nudging myer ) the candy . give he the candy . myer remember he 's hold the baby ruth . myer oh. uh. hello . I -- I have this . for you . hellboy ( realize ) Father 's back ? ( clay nod ) still angry ? clay well , you do break out -- hellboy I want to see she . ( grunt ) it 's nobody 's business . clay it be . you get yourself on tv again . hellboy " myer " , huh ? you have a first name ?? clay ( sotto to myer ) try not to stare . he hate when people stare . myer uh-oh -- john. ( sotto ) stare at what ? clay his horn . he file them . to " fit in . " myer his what ??!! hellboy finally enter the light . he 's awe - inspiring , with chisele feature , pattern red skin and deep - set golden eye . involuntarily , myer recoil . in spite of himself , myer be stare at the horn stump . hellboy whatcha look at , John ?? myer oh - n- no -- I -- a alarm sound , and a red light blink on the wall . myer look around , bewilder . hellboy ( to clay ) hey , hey , hey . they be play we song . clay we be on the move . hellboy ( to myer ) c'mon , champ ! happy Halloween !!! you be take I for a walk ! CUT to : ext . machen library - night a impose four-story structure , all pillar and pediment . a halloween banner advertise : magick : the ancient power . Super : the machen library , manhattan Chaos near the entrance : policeman , tv reporter , mounted police . loud protest from the reporter as a line of black sedan car be wave through . blonde reporter the nypd have yet to issue a statement . we have get swat van , paramedics , you name it ... and now here 's -- a garbage truck -- ( double take ) -- a garbage truck ? trail behind the car , a garbage truck . on its side a mirrore sign read : squeaky clean inc . waste management service . int . / ext . garbage truck - library STREET entrance - night a agent be drive the truck , with myer at he side . ext . machen library - STREET entrance - night the crowd part like the Red Sea for the garbage truck . dozen of face be reflect in the truck 's mirrore logo . a mounted policeman ride past the mirrore side of the truck . int . / ext . garbage truck lab - library crowd - night the mounted policeman be visible as he ride by . the mirror be see-through . the back of the truck be a fully - equip crime lab , cramme with hi-tech gear and low- tech talisman . abe fit a respirator over he face . it look like a mechanize elizabethan collar . valve bubble and hiss as he inhale liquid through he mouth and out he gill . hellboy look out onto the crowd . hellboy look at they ugly sucker , Blue . one sheet of glass between they and we . abe Story of my life . hellboy I break it , they see we , happy Halloween . no more hide . ( nostalgic ) outside . I could be outside -- abe you mean , outside ... with she . hellboy strap on a huge utility belt heavy with amulet , rosary , horseshoe . from a ashtray he grab a handful of stogie stub . light one , put the rest in a pouch . hellboy do not get psychic with I . abe nothing psychic about it . you be easy . hellboy unlock a steel BOX ( stenciled on its lid : " the good samaritan " ) and extract the meanest - look , custom - build , double - barrel , blue-finished , handgun ever make . a veritable cannon . hellboy how be I ever gonna get a girl ?? I drive around in a garbage truck abe Liz leave we , Red . take the hint . hellboy ( hefting the gun ) we do not take hint . ext . courtyard / loading dock machen library - night the garbage truck pull into a interior courtyard and stop . FBI / bprd team spread through the area , expel uniform cop and secure the door . three agent -- quarry , stone and moss -- close a gate , sealing off the area . stone all area secure . from a nearby roof , agent lime signal all clear . clay ( into a handheld radio ) seal the door . Red and Blue be come in . the truck stop , clay pull a lever . myer watch as the dumpster loader hinge down like a drawbridge , revealing hellboy and abe . clay okay , boy , let 's synch up we locator . abe , clay and hellboy activate light on they belt . they beep and blink . hellboy start walk . omit int . machen library , MAIN lobby - night as bprd agent clear the area , clay , myer , abe and hellboy march through the main lobby . on view , various display case . two banner flank the marble staircase . clay ( read a report ) at nineteen hundred hour a alarm trip . b&amp ; E. robbery . six guard dead -- hellboy hold on -- hold on -- I think we check this place . fake , and reproduction . broom apparently not everything be fake . broom stand at the base of the marble staircase . hellboy ( surprised to see he ) Father ...? myer observe as the red goliath sheepishly avert he gaze from that of the fragile old man . int . MAIN corridor / machen library ( set ) - night they approach a oversize set of brass door . abe remove a leather glove from he hand . fwap !! he spread he webbed finger on the door . he close he three eyelid and concentrate . two agent arrive with a roll munition case . myer observe as hellboy open it and look over a potpourri of bullet of all color and shape . broom a 16th century statue be destroy . Saint dionysius the aeropagite . hellboy who ward off demon . broom smuggle into this country by a overzealous curator . the statue , however , be hollow -- hellboy reliquary -- broom a prison . the vatican deem its content dangerous enough to include it on the list of Avignon . of which we hold a copy . hellboy select a clip full of bullet and a speed loader . hellboy would 'ya look at this baby ? make them myself . Holy water , silver shaving , white oak : the work . abe ( pull he hand away ) behind this door . a dark entity -- evil , ancient and hungry . abe quickly start scan a few leather - bound volume of ancient magic . hellboy oh , well . lemme go in and say " hi " . as hellboy open the big door , a flicker amber glow illuminate he . he step inside . int . " magik exhibition " hall - night blue emergency lamp be on . the exhibit be destroy ; pile of debris be burn . hellboy walk past a fall display case . he move around cautiously . a couple of large carving and statue startle he . on the floor : boot , half chew . bitten belt and shred of uniform and hat . hellboy ( whisper into radio ) Blue : it stink in here -- finely age roadkill . the sicken sound of snap bone and mastication reach he ear . hellboy react to a smell , raise he eye to discover -- a huge pale creature hang from the ceiling , chew slowly . sammael : equip with powerful arm , a head full of tentacles and two well - muscle hind leg . most of its face be hide , but the jaw be shiny with blood . hellboy hey . stinky . Kitchen 's close . ( beat ) whatcha havin ' ? six library guard , raw ? plus belt and boot ? man , you be gonna need some heavy fiber to move that out -- abe ( in earphone ) Red , I find something -- int . MAIN corridor / machen library ( set ) - night abe have find a small , medieval engrave of sammael in one of the book . abe there 's not much here : the entity 's name be sammael , the desolate one , son of nergal -- int . " magik exhibition " hall - night sammael release himself , land on the floor . part of the neck be expose : white , slimy skin , crack like old marble and criss - cross with blue vein . hellboy hold it -- ( beat ) hey , sammy , whaddayasay we work this out ?? peacefully . I be not a great shot , but -- ( raise he gun ) " the samaritan " here , use really big bullet , so whadyasay we work this out ? sammael stand and turn around -- crack -kkk !!! his waist twist he 360 degree !! screech , sammael leap away !!! hellboy shoot . the high - caliber ammo rip a few column apart and finally catch sammael . the bullet go through it and destroy a statue and a large window behind he . the monster squeal and go down . with a rattling cough , it grow still . omit int . machen library - magik exhibit hall - night hellboy that 's all for you , sammy . abe' voice ( in earpiece ) Red -- you need to hear the rest of the information -- hellboy turn away for a moment . put he gun away , like a gunslinger . hellboy Nah -- he 's take care of . int . machen library - exhibit corridor door - night abe no , listen this : sammael , the desolate one , lord of the shadow , son of nergal -- int . machen library - magik exhibit hall - night abe' voice hound of resurrection -- hellboy see ? I do not like that -- abe' voice -- hound of resurrection ? hellboy look back at the corpse : it 's go ! abe' voice harbinger of pestilence , seed of destruction -- hellboy skip to the end , willya ? how do I kill it -- ? abe' voice it do not say -- bammm !! from out of nowhere , sammael appear and swing a arm !! hellboy crash into the brass door ! int . machen library - exhibit corridor - night the door bulge and crack under hellboy 's impact . abe and broom backpedal fast . myer pull out he gun , and start look for another way in . broom observe this , pleased . int . machen library - magik exhibit hall - night sammael lash out with a massive punch . hellboy go k-kkrash !!! k-kkrash !!! through six glass cabinet , then hit a window , fall -- ext . a alley - behind machen library - night -- two storey down , landing sideways in a industrial garbage bin . hellboy fight to stay conscious . blood drip from he mouth grigory's voice child ... hellboy look up : stand in the alley , like a apparition , be grigory , in a black suit and overcoat , he eye shield by pitch - black sunglass grigory all grow up , I see . hellboy 's in shock , confuse . hellboy that voice -- grigory I sing the first lullaby you ever hear , my child . I ushere you into this world . ( beat ) I alone know you true call , you true name . hellboy do not tell I , it 's Zeppo . hellboy catch sight of he big gun , lie on the ground . he go for it but , bammm !!!! sammael land before he . grigory I can see that you be still young and do not know you place . ( turn to sammael ) teach he . before hellboy can reach the weapon -- wshhhp !!! a 7 - foot tongue lash out from sammael 's mouth like a whip . it 's arm -thick , with yellow sacs billow from its side . it wrap around hellboy 's right arm . hellboy fall to the ground , writhe , grind he tooth . the tongue squeeze and pull . smoke pour from hellboy 's skin . ext . a alley - behind machen library - night then -- bang ! bang ! bang ! myer appear at the end of the alley , fire round after round into sammael 's tongue . amber blood explode in the air . the tongue recoil with a infernal squeal !! hellboy manage to roll away . myer go for hellboy 's gun ... and grab it ! he take cover behind the trash container . hellboy be there . hellboy what do you think you be do ?? myer proudly show he the gun . myer helping you -- I just -- hellboy no one ever help I . it 's my job . he grab he gun and try to reload , but he arm hurt too much . hellboy damn -- okay . here -- he hand he the gun and a fresh clip . reaching into he belt , hellboy extract a vacuum - seal packet . hellboy ( throw it at myer ) -- then load this . in the packet : a single bullet . hellboy it 's a tracking bullet . crack the pin . load it . klang !!! the tongue punch through the steel like a ramrod . again and again ... hellboy and myer can barely dodge it . myer crack a safety pin . the glass head on the bullet glow like a chemical flare . myer jeez ... what the hell be that ? he 's look at hellboy 's smoking arm . Inside a bloody gash , a big , black stinger be gleam . hellboy pull it out , then step on it . it pop like a ripe grape . hellboy lemme go ask -- hellboy step from behind the container . sammael 's tongue instantly wrap around the gun 's muzzle . bam ! bam ! hellboy shoot repeatedly . his face light weirdly green as the tracking bullet lodge within the gun . then -- bam !!!! inside gun shot the glow bullet fly through the barrel and out towards -- ext . alley -- sammael , still in mid-air . it hit he square in the chest : a explosion of green goo !! with a shriek , the thing leap over a wall . hellboy scramble after it . ext . loading alley - night on the empty sidewalk , hellboy see a trail of glowing goop . he hit full stride , follow it around a corner . myer land a second later , cradling he arm , chase after he . myer wait ! no , what be you do ? loading dock / alley sammael dash by , follow closely by hellboy , run full tilt . a ten -wheeler back up , effectively block they way . a few worker load pumpkin box in it . worker 1 what the hell be that ?? without slow down , sammael jump onto the trailer , dent the roof then jump off and into a crowded carnival area . a small carrousel and refreshment stand flank a pumpkin patch . full of curiosity , sammael pause a second to inspect a trick - or-treater dress as a golden dragon . hellboy catapult himself onto the trailer 's roof . 3 worker ( chorus ) whoa - whoa-whoa - hellboy jump and land heavily on top of the driver 's cab : crash !!! the driver be almost crush under the steel . he scream , shower by thousand of glass shard . myer be a few step behind . myer ( into headset ) we will hit the street in a minute . we be head towards civilian ... he squeeze between the vehicle and the alley wall . the vendor be yell at he . myer yeah , yeah , crazy costume , uh ? trick or treat !! ext . west side STREET - night sammael run past a group of trick - or-treater , and jump straight into the street . Cars swerve , avoid a collision as sammael land on the opposite sidewalk . the trick or treaters scream . hellboy appear . he too dive straight into the traffic as myer follow -- he run into the road ... and a 4x4 speed straight at he ! see this , hellboy run back , and land next to myer , hold out he stone hand and stop the 4 x4 dead in its track . the impact somersault the car over they both . it land with a thud on the street , air bag explode . myer almost faint . other car stop , tire squealing and horn blaring . a major traffic jam . hellboy be you okay ? myer open he eye , nod . hellboy good . stay here . he move after sammael . omit ext . alley - night hellboy follow the glowing goop into a adjacent alley . at the far end he see a metal grate have be move . sammael 's go . he come up to the open , then jump in . ext . / int . stunt track tunnel - night he land on a subway track . sammael be a few yard away . seat . hellboy wait for I , sammy ? a train horn blare . a headlight approach !! hellboy smile and put away he gun . hellboy uh-oh -- between a rock and a hard place -- but sammael sprint towards it ! hellboy aw , crap -- sammael unhinge a long , scythe-like bone from he forearm , then jump at the front car -- omit int . stunt track / front 1 / 4 car - night smash through glass and steel and raining spark . landing inside with a roar !!! -- ext . / int . the subway - 2 train car set - night sammael 's tongue punch through the door as he race through one -- two -- passenger car and out the -- stunt track rear 1 /4 car -- rear of the train , back onto the track . int . stunt track - night landing there safely . int . the subway track ( stunt track ) - night now the train hurtle at hellboy , who grimace and do he best -- int . stunt track front 1/4 car he leap , but humpf !! he 's hit ! his leg rattle over the track . int . undercarriage - stunt track - front 1 / 4 car - night inch from the wheel , he punch he stone hand through the steel floor and grab a handhold . steam and spark explode everywhere . the train driver grab a fire extinguisher and start slamm it against hellboy 's head . hellboy hey ! hey ! I be on you side !! bammm !!! he go under !!! int . stunt track front 1/4 car the train whizze overhead , graze he horn stump , make spark fly !! after the train pass , hellboy sit up , forehead smoking . sammael be go . a trail of goop be glow . he follow it , until it end abruptly . he look ahead : no trace of sammael ... then a fat drop of glow goop hit he hand . hellboy aw , I forget -- he look up . sammael hang from the ceiling , then drop . then the creature lift hellboy in a ferocious bear hug . hellboy twist around and crack open the jaw of the creature , like King Kong and the t-rex . sammael stagger back and -- in a impossible maneuver , be - knit he jaw together ! then he use he bone scythe to tackle hellboy and -- tchakkkk !! -- pin he shoulder down . a deep wound . sammael 's mouth start to open ! hellboy look at the sparking third rail a few foot away . sammael 's tongue rear back , a snake ready to strike . hellboy screw you . hellboy grab the rail . a electrical discharge consume both creature and burn the frame like flashpaper . hellboy let go , he hand and body smoking . sammael -- very crispy -- be convulse in a cloud of smoke . he grow still . wreathed in smoke , hellboy shake off the shock and use a flame on he arm to light a cigar . hellboy I be fireproof . ( puff smoke , kick the body ) you be not . omit ext . westside highway - night a huge traffic jam clog the highway . the totalled 4x4 be be towed away . several tv crews interview witness . myer -- he arm freshly bandage -- sign a police form . his radio beep . hellboy ( v.o. ) myer ??? how 's you arm ? myer my arm be fine . where be you ?? myer move away from the police officer . myer ( sotto voce ) where be you ??? int . subway track ( stunt track ) hellboy walk away from the smoking sammael carcass . hellboy I just fry stinky . tell Father I will be home . he should not wait up . ext . westside highway - same myer wait -- wait -- you can not go anywhere -- I gotta go with you -- int . subway track ( stunt track ) hellboy no , no , no , it 's fine : I do my job , I take a break . myer ( v.o. ) no. stop . do not do this -- listen to I -- tell I where you be -- hellboy myer ? myer ( v.o. ) yes ? hellboy Goodbye . he turn off he belt locator and move away into the darkness of the tunnel . in the foreground : black light escape from sammael 's char body . int . MAIN abandoned bath alcove - night a abandon shower room . a series of sink and stall , line with dirty white tile . a phonograph nearby play wagner . kroenen stand next to it . ilsa be nearby , a straight razor glint in she hand . she stand over grigory -- he back to we -- lovingly shave she master 's scalp . she grab two glass eye from a table . place they in grigory 's socket -- he back to we -- as he turn , a glass eye shift lazily into position . he open he hand : in it the pale black light that escape from sammael 's body . he cradle it like a precious stone . grigory ( smile ) sammael have fulfil he destiny ... die in peace and be reborn again and again ... he close he fist . ilsa only seven more day to the eclipse , grishka ... rasputin stand , he neck and shoulder rise , engorge by move flesh beneath he human skin . ilsa stare in fascination . grigory the child will be there . and so will we all -- wo not we ? behind he , in the darkness of a tunnel : two sammael silhouettes appear . CUT to : omit ext . machen library entrance - night a sleek black limo drive past the crowd and stop outside . FBI agent tom manning emerge . int . " magik exhibit " hall - night man and broom walk through the mess . a crew be clean up . the dead guard be carry out . manning every time the media get a look at he , they come to I . I be run out of lie , trevor . broom I think you like be on tv . manning I do . ( beat ) how many escape ? this year alone : five ! broom Tom -- he 's we guest , not a prisoner . manning you " guest " happen to be six foot five , bright red , and be government fund . broom he 's just go through a phase -- man moisten and light a fine cigar , use a kitchen match . manning a " phase " ? what do you think this be , " the brady bunch ? " this ... freak -- abe sapien listen while pace the exhibition hall , palm open . manning ( lower he voice , tense ) this freak , trevor , they give I the creep . and I be not the only one . you be up for review . you and you petting zoo . broom I know where to find he . I will get he back . man watch as abe find a sharp dagger embed in the floor . manning hey , fishstick -- do not touch anything -- abe silence he . abe I need to touch it to " see " ... manning see what ?? abe the past , the future , whatever this object hold . manning ( eye broom ) be he serious ?? abe do not worry about fingerprint . I never have any . abe hold the dagger in he hand , turn to broom . abe they be over here , Professor . manning oooh !! who be here ? Nixon ? houdini ? you mind share you mystic insight ? broom examine the dagger : a ragnarok symbol crown the hilt . the dragon and swastika . broom show I , abe ... show I . he solemnly extend he hand . as soon as abe take it , the room ... morph to : int . " magik exhibit " hall - flashback hour earlier : the place be intact . both abe and broom witness spectrally as -- a guard check a alarm monitoring unit . hearing a tick sound , he shine he light into a dark corner : no one 's there . but after the guard move on , a spidery form emerge from the pool of shadow on the floor . it 's kroenen , encase in shiny black latex from head to toe . on he chest , a close - fitting harness comprise of softly tick gear . he approach a glass case which hold a ancient wooden statue of a Eastern Orthodox saint . then , on the glass , a reflection : ilsa . ilsa move . she use she hammer to destroy the glass case . the alarm shriek . warning light come on . kroenen pull out a double - end blade . it spin , like a giant bone see , slice across the statue . no apparent damage until : crackkkkk !!! a diagonal line appear and the top half fall . kroenen reach for a small crank embed in he chest and wind himself up . ilsa reach into a hollow portion in the wooden statue and remove a large reliquary jar contain Golden sand . six guard hurry in . they point they flashlight and gun at kroenen . guard 1 you ! do not move ! hand up ! kroenen start shaking , as if in a seizure and ready two twin blade . bullet tear into kroenen 's arm , spew forth a explosion of dust . he turn . the guard shoot again . kroenen maneuver the steel , deflect the bullet which -- -- ricochet wildly -- and finally hit three of the guard . they fall silently to the floor . kroenen dispatch two more in a flurry of knife . the last guard raise he gun . guard 6 do not -- something be clearly stop he . his hand break , twisted by a unseen force !! the flesh on he neck push upwards , hold by a invisible force . he start float in mid-air . the blink light of arrive police car tint the window red and amber . they outline a figure formerly submerge in shadow . grigory . he gesture with both hand , as if hold a imaginary doll . his arm muscle twitch under he skin , shifting , change , gain strength . with a quick gesture grigory twist the lower and upper part of the guard 's body in opposite direction . with a wet crunch , the guard 's shadow on the wall go limp . grigory look at ilsa . grigory ready the welcome , my love -- ilsa open the reliquary jar and pour a circle of sand onto the floor . grigory Salt . gather from the tear of a thousand martyr . restraining the essence of sammael , the hell hound , the seed of destruction . grigory slice the air with he open hand , create fleeting glyph ... and a small black flame dance on he open palm . he deposit it in mid-air , at the center of the circle . then , the sand begin to move , like liquid mercury . line fuse into a pile . it melt and bubbles , grow and foam . Bones be form , tendon and ligament join together , growing , growing , into sammael . it roar !!! CUT to : omit int . machen library - night abe snap out of it . broom be pale . he step away , wince , endure a bolt of pain in he side . abe hold he . motion for the other to stay back . he extend he open palm and " feel " the air near the old man 's back . abe Professor ..? you -- be very sick -- broom I do not want hellboy to know -- broom turn around , gently push abe 's hand away . broom sixty year ago abe , they try to destroy the world . and they be back -- in my lifetime , they be back . to finish the job . CUT to : ext . central park - night a small nighttime Halloween celebration . lantern hang from the tree , couple drink and listen to pop music on picnic table . on a bench , a young guy pull out a cold six pack of beer and passionately kiss he girlfriend . as he shut he eye , a bright , red tail neatly snatch the six - pack . behind the bench , hellboy smile . ext . bellamie mental hospital - night dry leave fly up in a gust of wind . a small army of emergency vehicle roar down the desert street , right past a ... ... brick 1940 's hospital , behind a high wall top with barb wire . the mesh - cover window be decorate with paper skeleton and jack - o' - lantern . a topiary garden surround the building . watch from atop the wall be hellboy . one sleeve of he overcoat be soak in blood . he keep a eye on the second floor window . hanging from he tail : the six pack of Beer . int . bellamie mental corridor - night doctor marsh , a female psychiatrist , move down a line patient , distribute pill . behind she , a lithe young woman in a patient 's gown carry the medicine tray . this be liz sherman , age 26 , she pale skin contrast with she raven-black hair and pierce dark eye . a scar mar she forehead . Three thick rubber band circle she wrist . near a window , a down 's syndrome patient sense something . down' patient ( point ) there 's a big red guy down there ! doctor marsh ( readying more pill ) that 's fine , darling , Santa 's not here for another month . down' patient not Santa . Big and red . with gold eye . and he have beer ! hear this , Liz stop . she close she eye , tug at one of the rubber band on she wrist and let it snap against she skin . she wince and peer out the window . the garden below seem empty . ext . bellamie mental hospital - garden area - night Liz step out a side door into the hospital garden . hanging from she neck : a old polaroid camera . she follow a trail of blood to a large , thorny bush . as she circle it ... liz back so soon ? visible in the branch , a leg and part of hellboy 's overcoat . his tail emerge , dangle the six -pack . hellboy uh , I bring beer . Liz shoot a Polaroid . liz to wash down my lithium pill ? ( beat ) I may get a few perk , h.b. but I be still a patient . shyly , he climb out from the bush . she see the bloody arm . liz you better have that look at . hellboy just a scratch . ( shrug ) I want to see you . Liz sigh . ext . bellamie mental hospital - garden area - night hellboy 's sit on a bench , next to Liz . hellboy we miss you at the Bureau . abe 's crazier every day . and Father 's still mad at I -- ( Liz smile ) come back , Liz . come back . I -- liz no . not this time , h.b . it 's be month since I have have a episode . and you know what ? I be learn to control it . around she right hand a faint blue aura of fire bloom , crawl over she finger like a velvet haze . she stare at the pale flame . liz I be learn where it come from . ( beat ) and for once in my life I be not afraid . she clenches she fist and put the flame out . liz look like you ride be here . the garbage truck and the two black sedan car have pull into the hospital grounds . a dozen agent climb out of the vehicle . hellboy the nanny squad . angle - the car - continuous clay start towards hellboy , but myer stop he and turn to broom : myer Sir , may I go first ?? clay ( to broom ) not so fast . he barely know he -- broom ( cut he off ) then he should make it he business to change that . angle - the bench - continuous Liz stand up , put she hand on he shoulder . liz listen , h.b. I have get a chance out here . if you truly care about I , do not come back anymore . hellboy smile sadly . she walk away . hellboy goodnight , then . liz goodnight . she do not turn back . hellboy yeah , I gotta go , too . lot to do -- feeling light -headed , he stand up . on the bench and at he foot , a pool of he own blood . he see myer tentatively approach . hellboy what take you so long ? myer c'mon , time to go home . tape you up . hellboy what be you , a Boy scout ? myer no . I never be . hellboy ( weak ) could have fool I . go away . hellboy drop to he knee . clay , quarry and moss reach he . help he up . clay c'mon , champ . you look a little woozy , there . hellboy this -- ? this be nothing . you know what will kill I ? ( point at the doorway ) her . Liz stand at the hospital door and see hellboy keel over . a few of the agent help he to the vehicle . myer look back at Liz . they hold each other ' gaze , they unfamiliar face fill with curiosity . eventually , she go inside . omit int . b.p.r.d. medical BAY " a " - night in the depth of the b.p.r.d infirmary , hellboy lie flat on a stainless steel table . broom sit alongside he . abe peer through a magnifier at hellboy 's wounded arm . abe you be burn by some organic acid . hellboy I be lucky that way . use a scalpel , abe probe the gash . hellboy let out a grunt . broom son. about rasputin -- hellboy do not worry . I will get he soon enough -- broom listen to I . this time be different . there 's more at stake than ever before . hellboy how hard can it be ? I punch the crap out of that thing that he send -- ouch !! broom I worry about you . hellboy I ?? c'mon -- broom well , I will not be around forever , you know ? hellboy oh , stop that -- ( grimace in pain ) damn ! be careful , there -- abe Red . how long be it latch onto you ? hellboy I dunno , maybe five second -- ow ! myer you want I to hold he down ? hellboy ( snicker ) that 's right , stud , hold I down . abe Professor ... broom move to abe 's side of the table . abe be poke at the depth of the wound . broom ( sharp , to hellboy ) do not look ! turn around . hellboy be it bad ? broom come closer , eye wide : inside the wound on hellboy 's forearm , nestle like tick , be 3 translucent egg . hellboy jump as abe pluck the first one out . abe deposit it in a glass container . abe touched you five second . laid three egg . hellboy do not even buy I a drink . int . medical BAY . examination table - later the computer beep have finish a analysis . on a monitor , a enlarge color image of one of the throbbing egg . abe the egg be very sensitive to heat and light . they need a humid , dark environment to breed . abe pick up a egg with a pair of tweezers , pass it on to hellboy , who sport a bandage on he arm . myer down there . do you ever loose track of he ? hellboy well , let 's see -- there be that moment , when I have a train on top of my head -- broom frown , worried . broom ( to hellboy ) we can not risk it : you will go back to the track tomorrow with a group of agent , search the area , top to bottom . myer observe , repell , as inside the egg a small foetal thing wiggle . int . broomus office - night myer stand by broom 's desk as the old man place a new set of book on the read stand in front of the fish tank . myer I be in way over my head , I know that much . broom you be do fine . at the last book stand , broom glance at abe , who be sit in the shadow near the door . myer no , I be not . he respects clay . not I . I do not know why you choose I , Sir . but I be not qualified . discourage , myer head for the door . broom ( very quiet ) I be die agent myer . shock , myer look over at broom . broom and as a father , I worry about he . ( directly to myer ) in medieval storey , agent myer , there 's often a young knight , inexperienced but pure of heart ... myer oh , please . I be not " pure of heart . " abe yes , you be . broom what I ask from you be -- have the courage to stand by he side after I be go . help he find himself . who he must be . ( beat ) he be bear a demon ... you will help he become a man . omit int . b.r.p.d. archive / conference room - night dozen of hellboy clipping flash by : tabloid headline along with intimate image of hellboy as a kid . h.b. at 7 , at 12 , dress as a human for Halloween , broom by he side . myer work at a computer workstation . he bring up a small photograph in a old issue of the Enquirer . the headline : " arson suspect now working for secret government agency " there 's a photo of a woman , take with a telephoto lens . another clipping : young liz , 11 , and a photo of a tenement building burn to the ground : tragic explosion . a quicktime interview pop up . liz , in she early twenty . a caption read : elizabeth sherman , first interview , bprd , pyrokinetic . she have a polaroid camera in she hand . shoot one at the lens . liz I do not like the term " firestarter . " I just do not . and " pyrokinesis " sound like psychosis or something . I dunno -- maybe that 's right . not be able to let go -- ( shrug ) scary . sometimes you hear so- and - so lose control and just explode . ( beat ) they be lucky it be not true . ( look at the camera ) with I -- it be . omit int . bellamie mental hospital - corridor - night two strolling orderlies shine they flashlight inside the room on both side of a long corridor . int . hospital - liz' room , min . security ward - night a flashlight beam sweep Liz 's room . it illuminate a corkboard cover with hundred of Polaroid depict scene of everyday life . when the beam of light cross she face , she turn slowly , still asleep . as the light fade , the shadow in the room grow deeper . grigory emerge from a dark corner . he gaze down on the bed , extend he right hand . grigory the master be call you name now , my girl . we be all part of he plan . you must return to the child ... so , once again ... he gently caress the scar on she forehead . under he skin , a hideous movement , a writhe rearrangement of muscle . his finger start to glow . grigory ... dream of fire . Liz convulse . a small ripple of heat rise from she forehead . flash back to : ext . tenement build courtyard - day somewhere in a smokestack city , grow - up and kid hang banner and prepare a rag birthday party in a cement courtyard . angle - liz - continuous sitting on some tenement step , liz , age 11 . sullen , alone , a gold crucifix hang on she chest . a woman -- Liz 's mother -- come down the courtyard step , carry a basket of apple . mother ( to Liz ) Liz !! Liz !! come on , darling , give mummy a hand . nearby , under a balloon archway , munch candy - coat apple ... three kide giggle and point at she . blonde kid freak ! Liz turn to see they . blonde kid ( to he friend ) see ? she know she name . Liz shy away from they . blonde kid go home , you freak . we do not want you here . they start throw stone . one hit the step . another miss she by inch . a third hit she in the shoulder . scare , Liz turn but a rock catch she full on the face . she fall down , blood trickle from she forehead , splattering the pavement . she start sobbing . another rock sail across , but this time , in mid-air , it catch fire and turn to ash . a ripple of heat start crawl up Liz 's hand . soon a pale blue flame ring she entire arm . liz ( sobbing ) not again , please , not again ... firelight glint off the crucifix . ext . tenement courtyard - day mother be dunking the apple in a pot of caramel . a heartbreaking cry reach she ear . liz mommy ! mommy ! mother see ... ext . tenement courtyard - step - day Liz : outline by lick flame ! liz ( panicked ) mommy ! help I ! I be burn ! mother scream , horrify . liz help meee !!! she then explode . a white - hot supernova engulf the courtyard . her mother 's body burn like flash paper . then the rest of the people be -- the entire tenement courtyard -- devoure by a explosion of atomic proportion . bench , people , tree . everything . the four surround apartment block collapse as a shock wave hit like a wreck ball . the frame white out . and at ground zero there be but one figure leave stand : Liz ... a little girl , still cry . flash forward to : int . bellamie hosp . - liz' room , min . SEC . ward - night Liz scream , she back arching , she body now in flame . her chest glow , silhouett organ and rib . the rubber band on she wrist vaporize . int . bellamie mental hospital - min . SEC . ward - night the glow from Liz 's room stream into the corridor . int . bellamie mental hospital - security room - night in they glass kiosk , two orderlies be listen to the radio and share a pizza . a red light flash repeatedly on a panel . they silence the radio , grab they baton and get up . a low rumble shake the room . through the vibrate glass window they see ... corridor miniature / composite ...a ball of flame push inexorably through the corridor . the inside of the glass booth be absolutely silent , make the vision both terrifying and strangely serene . orderly oh my -- int . bellamie mental hospital - security room ( set ) - night as the glass explode , the fire roar , drown everything . the orderly hit the floor , take cover under a shelf . ext . bellamie mental hospital ( miniature ) - night the top floor blow up . flame pour out of every window , shower glass into the street below . omit int . b.p.r.d . - freak corridor " a " - day myer push the breakfast cart . on it , three dozen pancake and a mound of bacon and toast . he open the door to hellboy de . int . hellboy' den - day Inside , hellboy be lean over broom , glaring at the old man . hellboy how many building do she have to burn ? she belong here ! broom that 's not how she feel . she may never feel it . myer enter , deliberately clear he throat . they ignore he . broom it 's she choice -- ( beat ) she 's human -- hellboy oh , as oppose to -- ? broom grow silent . hellboy stomp over to a mirror and -- use a hand -held belt sander -- savagely shave he horn . spark fly every time he go at the round stump . hellboy mmmh -- " pamcake . " we be go out -- myer Professor , that girl you be talk about -- hellboy ( whirl around ) hey . you : think twice -- myer I think I can help -- talk to she -- I can bring she back . hellboy ( chuckle ) what land you this job , push " pamcake " ? punctuality ? what be you area of expertise ? myer murmur -- hellboy what be that ?? myer hostage negotiation . hellboy 's face light up . omit ext . bellamie mental hospital - day part of the building be demolish . repair crew and firemen be still hose down smolder pile of debris . myer arrive in a taxi cab . int . bellamie mental hospital - max . security wing - day myer look at liz through a see-through mirror . she sit on a bench inside a padded cell . a security camera and monitor record she constantly . a worried - look Dr. marsh stand alongside he . doctor marsh she 's be like this since it happen . there be no casualty . but it 's put a big dent in we thorazine supply ... ( dubious look at myer ) be you sure you want to go in ? myer nod , loosen he tie and enter . int . bellamie mental hospital - padd cell - day Liz do not acknowledge myer ' presence . he kneel and look up at she . myer miss sherman ? I be agent myer , FBI . Liz turn away . myer miss sherman ? I be agent myer , FBI . ( no response ) the hospital call we . they do not feel they be capable of caring for you any longer , and -- silence . myer Liz -- can I call you Liz ? it 's a beautiful name -- liz ( sigh ) 60 % of the women in this world be name " liz " . myer it 's still impressive by my standard : my name 's John . she look at he . he offer he hand . she look away . myer Dr. broom ask I to invite you back to the Bureau . no special precaution , no security escort . you and I in a taxi . like regular folk . liz do not sound like he . myer miss sherman , he 's ask you back , but it 's entirely you choice . Liz turn to the 2 - way mirror . both they reflection be there . liz Choice , huh ? that 's cute . I have quit the Bureau thirteen time . I always go back . ( snap two rubber band ) where else would I go ? CUT to : omit int . beam tunnel area - benjamin institute - day a explosion of sound and light as a subway train pass through a dank tunnel . then , light beam sweep the encrust wall and steel column . clay and some b.p.r.d. agent hold flashlight . two of they -- moss and quarry -- carry flamethrower . hellboy and abe bring up the rear . int . storage room - day they enter a store room pile high with filing cabinet , typewriter and school desk . a turn -of- the-century mural depict happy boy do charitable act . a Latin phrase ( " viriliter age " ) encourage they to behave like man . quarry ( read a map ) we be in the cellar of the Benjamin Institute . turn-of - the-century orphanage . close since they move the sewer in ' 51 . abe remove he glove , hyperextend he palm and sense the air . then the surface of the water . abe there 's a pulse . and it 's come from -- debris and dust seem to float from the water 's surface and towards abe 's hand . abe there -- they point they flashlight at a bulkhead . abe cistern on the other side . most of the egg be there -- they move some filing cabinet and stare at a blank concrete wall . agent quarry no way in . clay we should go back and request permission to -- bammm !!! hellboy 's stone hand crack the concrete . he start pound , again and again , like a jack hammer . CUT to : int . ( set / location built sugar factory ) furnace room - day makeshift live quarter tuck below a maze of furnace duct . score of old clock fill the room with ticking . at a desk , kroenen calmly repair a mechanical hand : he own . his face be partly expose . under he leather mask , horrible lidless eye glitter over a skull - like grin , make of raw gum and taut skin . as hellboy 's pound reach he ear , he rise , like a spider whose web have twitch . the mechanical hand rattles blindly on the table . he open a ancient leather folder and extract a engrave depict sammael . carefully place it on the table . then he open a drawer and , from a envelope , take two tear piece of paper . he put they in a pouch in he belt . int . storage room - day the wall collapse under hellboy 's attack . hellboy be you come or not ? clay smile uncertainly back . hellboy move in . clay ( to quarry and moss ) you two , check this dump , then join we -- int . abandoned shower room ( set ) - day a large oval room of rusting metal , with pipe spilling water through a large grate on the floor . abe study it , sense something , and nod . with superhuman effort , hellboy lift it . hundred of roach pour out . abe I be glad I be not human . this place would be a embarrassment . below , a vast cistern . abe drop in two chemical flare . int . underwater - chamber ( set tank ) - day the flare sink , illuminate float office furniture and tear paper ... int . underwater chamber 2 ( location : R. warehouse cellar ) in the lower depth , they pass shadowy industrial ruin . settle on the bottom they reveal the hulk of a wait sammael . omit int . abandoned shower room ( set ) - day abe pull off he breathe apparatus . activate the locator on he utility belt . hellboy do likewise . beeep ! the device synchronize . hellboy extend a metal reliquary contain a small bone . hellboy there you go , Doctor . this should cover you tailfin -- on loan from the vatican , a bone from Saint dionysius . ugh . look like a pinky . abe tie the reliquary around he hand . abe remind I why I keep do this . hellboy rotten egg and the safety of mankind . abe oh , right -- as transparent nictomembrane lid cover he eye , abe dive . int . underwater chamber 2 - ( location r.warehouse ) - day underwater , abe find a entire control room . 1940 's magazine float by , like paper jellyfish . the amber light of the chemical flare give the room a eerie other - worldly feel . int . abandoned shower room ( set ) - day wait above , hellboy chew a baby Ruth and poke around . find a pile of child 's shoe cover some yellowing album . in the album , a myriad of sad face , the orphan from the past . some of the face have be cut out . there 's a unfinish letter to Father Christmas , date 1866 . clay stand below a grate , admire he hair implant with a hand mirror . clay see ? it 's thicker . be not it ? it 's not that doll - hair thing -- suddenly , something move . hellboy shine he light into a adjoin tunnel . kroenen be stand there , like a deer catch in headlight . hellboy Son of a -- ! the figure dart away . hellboy tear after it , gun in hand . clay Red , wait ! clay try he radio . static . clay Red 's on the move !! I will cover he !! he pull out he gun and run after hellboy . int . tunnel labyrinth ( set ) - day clay arrive at a intersection of sewer tunnel . the glow of hellboy 's flashlight be visible somewhere ahead , he booming footstep rapidly recede . a veritable labyrinth . clay damn it , Red . int . underwater chamber 2 ( location R. warehouse ) - day abe near the bottom of the cistern . as he foot touch bottom , a cloud of silt fog the water . he pick out a translucent egg ! suddenly , something big glide by . abe turn : see nothing . he place the egg in a glass canister . now egg be float everywhere , undulate in the water like amber firefly . abe swim slowly , collect they one by one . some of they be snugly wedge between two rusty machine . abe 's reliquary get catch in a lever and snap loose !! it land -- on a grate on the floor . abe swim down and try to grab it , but it fall through . abe curse and stand up -- -- only to find himself face to face with sammael !! the monster rake abe across the chest ; dark blue blood begin to flow . abe shove himself into a long , concrete fissure . sammael can not fit through , but the tongue dart out , miss abe by inch . sammael scratch at the wall , try to reach deeper , scream in rage . abe scream too , emit a trail of bubbles . int . abandoned shower room - day the bubbles burst on the surface . watch they be a second sammael . int . intersection ( location / built sugar factory ) - day hellboy stop , disorient . no trace of kroenen . he sniff the air , then step through a non-descript portal . int . ( location / built sugar factory ) furnace room - day hellboy stand in kroenen 's quarter . a array of gas mask dangle from duct overhead . glue next to the wall be dozen of old photo of child . he discover the sammael engrave . hellboy " sammael : seed of destruction . death become the fertile ground . " suddenly : drool drop from above : sammael hang from a beam . hellboy ( turn ) do not I kill you already ? sammael lunge , hurl hellboy through a open service shaft ... ... and it 's a long way down . when sammael leap , hellboy throw he over the edge . sammael , however , grab hellboy 's tail and pull he over the side . omit int . service shaft ( new location set ) - day they crash through pipe , wiring and duct and slide off down a duct and into -- int . service shaft 2 ( set ) - same another passage . there they bounce off of drip water pipe and jutting steel I beam , until they finally break through a mesh / insulation ceiling and directly onto -- int . subway platform station - day a subway platform . full of people . the two fight creature land on the ticket booth -- in a explosion of coin , glass and steel !!! some bold New Yorker in the crowd start pick up handfuls of change . the dust clear , revealing a large crater in the platform floor . sammael hit hellboy . the Red giant land on a line of turnstile , uproot they all . sammael fly through the air , unfold its bone scythe . hellboy roll away . sammael miss : the tip imbed itself in the floor and then -- tchakkk !!! -- in a concrete column . sammael pull , bring down part of the ceiling . more scream from the flee public . a mezzanine above hellboy collapse , bring the ceiling , steel cable and office furniture down onto the Red giant . sammael take a step towards the crowd and roar -- then , bammmmmm !!! a desk fly up into the air . hellboy 's stone hand emerge , triumphant . hellboy hey , chunk -face ! he climb out of the crater . sammael growl . hellboy you can do better than that . Big monster like you . hellboy rip off one of the turnstile bar and hit sammael again and again . hellboy see ? it hurt ! you should not hit people ! sammael block the last hit and throw the bar away . it embed itself in the tile wall . sammael punch hellboy , a hard uppercut . hellboy fly up , crash through the plate glass of a second mezzanine above the platform . he skid on the tile floor , scraping a jag line with he stone hand . he slide past a group of bystander and into a row of backlit subway ad . he land in a shower of glass and debris on a wooden bench , break it in two . sammael climb up into the mezzanine . hellboy get up -- he back bristle with glass shard -- and hear a wail : a young girl be point at a BOX of kitten abandon on a bench . yound girl my kitten !! my kitten !!! hellboy aw , crap . sammael charge !!! hellboy scoops up the box , hold it high !! use he bone blade , sammael pulverize the bench . next , sammael slashes at hellboy , scatter a dozen shriek citizen . illuminate by spark and short lamp , hellboy advance , blood drip from he forehead and nose . hellboy start to reload , but -- sammael 's tongue shoot out . hellboy throw the kitten box in the air and -- trap the tongue with he stone hand -- hellboy second date . no tongue !! -- while catch the box with he tail . the kitten be fine . use the tongue , he throw sammael out a glass window . sammael dangle above the track , but he re-joint himself and grab a handhold on the train wall above the tunnel . from here , he pull on hellboy , slide he toward the jag glass . sammael pull harder , enter the tunnel . hellboy fight to free himself , but he sweaty face be millimeter away from be slice by the glass . all seem lose , when ... whaaaaa !!!!!! a train appear out of nowhere head straight for sammael . it splatter the thing against the tunnel wall and plow on . sammael 's body sprawl motionless at the side of the track . omit int . subway platform - same hellboy I hope that hurt . he give the cat to the young girl -- young girl thank you -- hellboy my job . omit int . subway track ( next to station ) - same hellboy approach sammael , whose remain be wreathe in black flame . a huge crowd look on from the end of the platform . hellboy ( a whisper ) this time . stay dead , willya ?? he move away . the black flame flicker out . int . underwater chamber 2 ( location r.warehouse ) - day under the water , black light bloom within two of sammael egg as a fantastic methamorphosis start . the embryos burst out , gyrate in the water , swell and distend . int . underwater chamber 2 ( location r.warehouse ) - day badly wounded , abe peer from he hide spot . sammael 's not there . he quickly swim to the surface , he weird blue blood trail behind he . the water boil with energy and black light . int . abandoned shower room ( set ) - day abe stagger out of the pool and hide behind a crumble shower stall . behind he , two shape come to the surface . shake , abe push he belt locator and collapse . CUT to : int . subway track ( near the station ) - day hellboy 's locator belt crackle to life . blue . hellboy abe -- ? int . beam-supported underground tunnel / storage room - day back in the tunnel , quarry and moss move filing cabinet and rotten boze full of file . one of they give out and papers spill all over . moss Jesus -- they locator light up . quarry abe -- suddenly -- a noise ! the agent leap up and sweep they flashlight over the column ... nothing there . quarry moss , what the hell be that ? then , two silhouettes cast long shadow . powerful footfalls boom like thunderclaps . agent quarry raise he gun and fire at the dark shape . useless : the thing plow on . moss hurriedly strap on he flame thrower . after a few second , a green light beep , ready . the muzzle of the flamethrower vomit a 30 foot long gout of fire into the blackness . the man pause : silence ! quarry turn on he flashlight , hand tremble . quarry whatever it be -- bam !!! sammael tongue uncurl from the shadow and land on quarry 's face , pull he into the dark . his flashlight bobble and strobe , lighting up a nightmare : two sammael stand in the tunnel . one of they gleefully squeeze quarry . the man 's scream be muffle by the creature 's fleshy lip wrapping around he head . moss run as fast as he can , jump and tumble through a obstacle course of beam . turn , he ready the flamethrower . the second sammael land on moss 's back , break he spine . CUT to : int . abandoned shower room ( set ) - day hellboy enter to find abe , bleed but alive , lean against the tile , blue blood all around he . hellboy try he walkie-talkie . turn on he locator . it spark . it 's damage and break . hellboy ( into he walkie- talkie ) we need a ambulance . now !! over !! int . CENTER of the tunnel labyrinth ( set ) - day clay stumble around , lose . he stop under a grate . hellboy' voice ( on the walkie- talkie ) who 's there ? clay ? come in , someone . clay clay , code 30 , this be clay , over ... behind clay , kroenen drop down from a overhead pipe , through shaft of gray light . he bring forth he customary long blade . clay turn in time to see kroenen come at he . he fire . kroenen stab . twin rivulet of blood run from clay 's nostril . int . tunnel labyrinth - connecting shower room ( set ) - day hellboy hear the gunfire , start run . int . CENTER of the tunnel labyrinth ( set ) clay fall to the floor . kroenen stand there , unfaze by clay 's bullet in he chest . Dust pour from he wound and pile up neatly at he foot . he hear hellboy come . he place the knife on the floor , then lie down and play dead . hellboy appear at the end of the tunnel . he glance at kroenen 's body , then quickly check for a pulse on clay . hellboy look demolish . smash CUT to : int . taxi cab ( moving ) / ext . bprd adjacent avenue - day a ethnic pop song blast from the taxi radio . Liz poke she head out of the window and shoot a Polaroid snapshot . she pass it to myer : liz it feel good to be outside !! it 's be so long ... he can not hear she over the music . myer knock on the bulletproof acrylic divider . myer hey !! the music !! turn down the music !! driver yeah , yeah , music !! he merely change the radio station ; the music stay at the same volume . myer look back at Liz . she be halfway out the window , sit on the door . myer Jesus ! that 's not -- that 's not safe , miss sherman -- miss sherman ? she take another Polaroid and pass it down to he . myer look at the Polaroid , then smile . he climb out of the other window , hand she the photograph . myer Nice view -- he wave at she . for the first time , she smile . myer a smile , huh ? that 's good . she take he picture . with the cold morning wind blow Liz 's hair and the sun on she face , she look beautiful . liz do not get use to it . myer tap he finger on the roof , to the beat of the music . he can not take he eye off she . they drive towards the bprd . int . b.p.r.d. medical BAY - day unconscious , abe float in a special tank . LED strip read water temperature , pH level , etc . he 's encase in a bio-cast : a cybernetic heal unit wrap around he thorax and right arm . a web of tube and hose keep he in place . shirtless and bandage , hellboy sit and study he , as if in a trance . manning voice he will make it -- hellboy turn , man be there : manning but not everyone be so lucky . ( beat ) two agent die today . clay probably will not survive the night . you be reckless . hellboy I know that man better than you do -- manning ah , I see . that make it all alright then . he turn to leave . hellboy get up . hellboy no , it do not make it right , but I stop that creature , do not I ? manning that 's what you do . that 's why we need you . you have a insight . ( beat ) you know monster . hellboy what be you try to say ? manning in the end , after you have kill and capture every freak out there -- there 's still one leave : you . hellboy ( a deep sigh ) I wish I could be more gracious but -- bammmmm !!!! he smashes a metal locker with he stone hand and raise it above he head . man cower , realize that hellboy 's rage be a dangerous thing . int . b.p.r.d . - MAIN hall area - day a new space . Office corridor radiate out from a brass b.p.r.d. logo on the floor . a few agent monitor computer station and tactical glass board . Liz and myer walk in , carry she suitcase . she look around and see broom come down the hall . broom welcome back . liz it 's only for the weekend , Professor broom . then I will be on my way -- broom ( impeccable courtesy ) come and go as you please . ( beat ) find you way back . we have make quite a few change -- crash !!! Liz scream and myer draw he gun . smash through a glass partition , the mangle steel locker land in the middle of the hall in a rain of glass and aluminum stud . next , man appear , retreate but unharme . manning ( gasp ) I want that thing lock up , start now -- now !!! you hear I ??!! he flee . liz ( to broom ) nothing 's change . Home , sweet home . mortify , broom hurry after man . hellboy calmly step through the hole in the wall . hellboy ( see she ) Liz ? Liz !! she spin on she heel and walk off . hellboy turn to myer . hellboy you !!! you do it , buddy -- myer holster he gun and follow Liz . hellboy be all alone now . hellboy ( oblivious ) woo hoo !! int . b.p.r.d. - liz' room - day a familiar cell . fireproof insulation cover the wall . Liz throw she bag on the bed . myer linger in the doorway . she reflexively pull on one of the rubber band on she wrist , then let it snap . liz a little something I learn in therapy . I be depressed -- ( snap a rubber band ) one rubber band . I be impatient : two rubber band ... he sit by she side on the bed . myer I will get you a fresh pack . int . hellboy' den - dusk a cat bat at a ball of paper . on it , two word be visible : dear liz . hellboy 's tail scoops up the paper and throw it in a brim wastebasket . he 's sit at a stainless steel desk , deep in concentration , write with evident difficulty . the floor around he be cover with more crumpled page . in the background , the projector be show duck soup . myer push in a cartload of chili . myer where do you -- hellboy shh ! just a second . myer set the tray on the table . hellboy myer , you be a talker . what 's a good word -- a solid word for " need " -- myer " need " be a good , solid word . hellboy Nah , sound too " needy . " myer start in , you get nacho come . as he go out , Liz appear in the doorway . hellboy quickly stop write . liz ( notice the small feline army ) oh , my God ... look at they all ! who have baby ? c'mere , Tiger ...! Liz play with a cat . hellboy lift the piece of paper , which look like a postage stamp in he stone hand . hellboy um ... Liz -- I -- there 's something I would like you to -- something I need you to hear . liz well . be it long ?? I be go out , but -- hellboy out ? out out ? liz for a cup of coffee , but go ahead , read . hellboy you be go alone ? liz no. myer be take I . hellboy stand up , walk towards she . hellboy him !! why he ? why not I ? myer walk back in push a tray of nacho . myer ( to hellboy ) hey , you chili 's get cold -- hellboy ( sit back down ) not hungry . liz what do you want I to hear -- ? hellboy fold the paper . hellboy it 's nothing . just a list -- it 's not finish -- liz oh , okay then . maybe later then . she leave . myer smile . myer anything else you -- hellboy ( snappy ) not from you . myer well good n- hellboy ( furious ) good night . CUT to : int . b.d.r.p. medical BAY - night under a sheet , kroenen 's cold , naked body lie on a slab . broom talk into a tape recorder . broom the subject : Karl ruprecht kroenen -- the visible area of the body make we grateful for the sheet cover the rest . broom suffered a masochistic compulsion know as surgical addiction . the silver hand and harness lie on a table . broom both eyelid be surgically remove along with he upper and lower lip , make speech impossible . the blood in he vein dry up decade ago . only dust remain . ( look at a x-ray film ) four pulverize vertebrae . a steel rod insert into he pelvis hold he up . ( beat ) what horrible will power could keep a thing like this alive ? he find the small piece of paper kroenen plant in he pouch . int . b.p.r.d. hallway - night under the gaze of high - security camera , agent lime roll hellboy 's food cart down the corridor and into the dome intersection . he whistle a happy tune . open the high security door . int . hellboy' den - night lime 's jaw drop . across the room , one of the wall have be completely demolish , revealing a service shaft . no sign of hellboy . lime Jesus . lime peek into the service shaft . omit ext . newark , n.j. - street - night myer and Liz leave a coffee shop , strolling down the street . myer hand Liz she coffee . they chat and laugh . he push he moped . she have she Polaroid with she . ext . build rooftop - night hellboy what be you two talk about . what 's so fascinating ?? so important ?? ext . newark n.j. street - night Liz and myer pause at a corner , wait for the light . the shop be close . myer I admire he . he 's a force of nature . liz he 's just pushy . myer no ... he 's determine . unstoppable -- liz cocky . myer strong . liz a brute . myer my uncle use to say ... we like people for they quality but love they for they defect . Liz half - smile , sip she coffee . myer he -- love you . liz I know . myer what about you ? liz do not know . really . I grow up with he . ( beat ) I have miss he too , but now , every time I see he , I get confuse . hardly a day go by he 's not in my mind . even now , I feel he 's here -- as they walk down the street . a red streak jump over roof top . ext . rooftop - night hellboy land neatly on the adjacent roof . he look down at myer and Liz -- myer offer she cream and sugar . hellboy no cream and sugar , moron . she take it black . she take the coffee , wave off the half and half . hellboy toldya . try to feel superior , hellboy chuckle . as they walk , Liz gesture vigorously . his smile fade . ext . newark n.j. street - night myer it 's freezing , be not it ? liz coffee 's warming I up . by now , all the shop be close . they approach a small park near a train track . myer what do we do now ? Newark , New Jersey , entertainment capital of the world . she clean off a wet , dirty bench , sit down . liz you offer I a cup of coffee . I have get one , so just sit down . myer be fall for she . ext . build rooftop - FIRE escape - night hellboy leap off a building . ext . build rooftop - night two red hand appear over the rooftop parapet . cursing , hellboy haul himself up . he find himself next to a pigeon coop where a young kid be feed the bird . hellboy hi ... the kid stare at he . kid you be hellboy . hellboy shh. I be ... on a mission . he watch as Liz and myer sit on the bench . hellboy do not tell anyone , huh ? CUT to : int . hellboy' den - night broom examine the damage to the wall . he turn to see hellboy 's locator belt hang on the wall . broom shake he head . lime should we send out some scout ? broom motion for he to stop . it 's useless , broom no. enough . he will never change -- always a child . always . int . b.p.r.d. medical BAY - night kroenen 's body lie on the table . slowly , he chest start to rise and fall . he sit up . his arm stump dock into the prosthetic hand -- click ! he flexe the shiny finger . kroenen 's hideous cranium be visible for a instant before he zip up he mask . he take the sharp ragnarok knife and turn one over . it reflect a figure stand behind he : grigory . ext . build rooftop - night the pigeon kid walk towards hellboy , carry two glass of milk and a plate of cookie . kid my Mom baked them . he sit by hellboy 's side as he watch Liz and myer chat and laugh . hellboy that 's it : she 's laugh . I be do . hellboy grab three cookie off the plate and scarf they down . kid they do not look like spy . hellboy come on ! look at he , that shifty eye , that -- phony grin ...!! ( see the last cookie ) you gonna eat that ? below , myer yawn . hellboy slap he forehead . hellboy oh , the yawn trick . that 's so 1950' ! watch he arm -- he look around , pick up a pebble , heft it . ext . newark n.j. STREET - liz and myer - night myer we all have a side that we try to hide ... myer stretch and place he hand and arm behind she back . something hit he in the head . myer hey ! what the hell ? he get up , annoyed . no one in sight . ext . build rooftop - night hellboy snicker , hide and chew a cookie . the kid " give he five " . int . broomus office - night kroenen 's two piece of paper be join together under a micro -scanner . broom watch as computer enhancement fill out a couple of miss area . cyrillic letter be now legible . broom ( pensive ) sebastian plackba # 16 ... Moscow . broom pull out a few old photo . find one of grigory in german uniform , and in a book , another of grigory in a Orthodox priest 's black cassock . he pull out he old wooden box , pull out a dusty book from it . his finger scan the text , find rasputin 's date of birth , date of death . they pause at a particular line : " his mausoleum be at sebastian plackba # 16 " . broom it 's rasputin 's mausoleum . tchk !! a noise -- broom turn in time to see kroenen delicately descend a spiral staircase , blade in hand . in spite of all he experience , broom be shake . broom I see the puppet . but -- where be ... the puppet master ? in the dark , a voice hiss -- grigory very good , Professor broom . broom turn . grigory step from the shadow . broom it be you : the scrap of paper , Liz 's sudden relapse and return ... grigori ( nod ) bread crumb on the trail . like in a fable . they both distract he and guide he exactly where I need he . broom Moscow . grigory his destiny . he touch broom 's forehead , lightly -- grigory you raise the child . nurtured he . so , in return ... would you permit I ? a brief , brief glimpse ? of the future -- flash !! a nightmarish tableau ... ext . ruins of n.y. - dusk the ruin of New York , char , smolder . human remain litter the landscape . monstrous shape lumber in the distance ... a army of apocalyptic beast outline against the blood - red sky . dominate the horror be a mountain of fester skeleton and skull . at the top , a figure : hellboy , transformed . his horn be in full bloom , he eye and mouth stream unearthly fire . int . broomus office - night startle , broom snap out of it -- grigory if only you have he destroy sixty year ago , none of this would come to pass . but , then , how could you have know ? broom be speechless . grigory you God choose to remain silent . mine life within I . rasputin stand , the flesh of he neck and shoulder heaving and twitching beneath he human skin . grigory in the freeze water of the malaya nevka , in the darkness of the void : every time I die and cross over , a little more of the master come back with I . he disclose to I the child 's true name ... would you like to know it ?? broom I know what to call he . nothing you can say or do will change that . I call he son . discreetly , broom remove he rosary and place it on the book . kroenen settles in behind he . broom I be ready . grigory good . now , I will add two crumb more : ( kroenen display he knife ) grief and revenge ... kroenen 's knife go in . CUT to : ext . build rooftop - night the pigeon flutter on the rooftop . the pigeon kid sit by hellboy 's side . kid just go down there and tell she how you feel ! ( hellboy shake he head : no ) my mom say -- hellboy it 's not that easy , okay ? ( beat ) plus , you be nine . you be not old enough to give I advice . kid ( shrug ) who be that guy ?? hellboy turn and see -- two of the black b.p.r.d. sedan car round the corner . agent lime bound out of one of the vehicle , grab myer , talk rapidly . Liz scream , cover she ear . hellboy something 's wrong -- omit int . b.p.r.d. hallway - night Agents and Bureau employee be cramme into broom 's office doorway . hellboy , face contort by grief , push through . int . broom' office - night the room be full of forensics people take picture , pick up evidence , etc . Tom man be there . see hellboy , he respectfully step back . broom 's fragile body lie slump in he chair . at he foot , a pool of blood . Liz enter , then stifles a whimper . with tear in he eye , a disbely hellboy look at Liz , then at he dead father . he hold broom 's body close to he chest . hellboy Father -- I be back . I be back . I be back . man herd everybody out . from the door , Liz blink back tear as the red giant kneel by the body : a dog with a lose master . hellboy I be not here . you die alone -- dissolve to : omit ext . bprd build - day it 's raining like hell . the pallbearer , man and myer among they , load broom 's casket into a hearse . flanking it be two row of bprd agent . the hearse door close and the vehicle pull away . watch like a gargoyle from a distant roof : hellboy . rain bounce off he wet overcoat . Liz observe he , worried . liz' voice he have not speak to anyone in three day . not a word . he do not eat , he do not sleep ... int . medical BAY - day abe , conscious now , but still in the cast , float upside down , solving a rubik' cube . Liz stand by the tank . liz I have never see he like this . never. ( beat ) should I stay ? with he , I mean ? she smile faintly . abe listen -- I be not much of a problem solver ... ( display the cube ) Three decade and I have only get two side . ( beat ) but I know this much : if there 's trouble -- all we have be each other . and I be stick here . ( beat ) so -- take care of the big monkey for I , will you ? they hand almost touch , separate only by the glass . omitted int . b.p.r.d. conference room - dusk a projection screen show the enhance image of the piece of paper with cyrillic character . manning we have collect and destroy thousand of egg . no trace of this " sammael " or this " rasputin " character . but we have this address -- in a meeting room , man stand at a polished obsidian desk . a group of agent -- myer among they -- listen attentively . manning sebastian plackba # 16 . volokolamsk field , fifty mile from Moscow . we leave as soon as we get clearance and equipment -- manning hellboy 's come -- ( beat ) but I will be in charge this time . either we wrap this up or I be close this freak show for good . myer spot Liz walk past the conference room . int . broom' office - dusk hellboy stand before broom 's desk , pensive , he naked chest bandage . Liz watch he from across the room . he find broom 's rosary on top of the book . read the underline phrase on the page . liz hi -- he turn to she . she slowly come towards he . hellboy hi. liz I have change my mind . I will come to Moscow . if you -- be still go -- hellboy nod , then clear he throat . hellboy I am. ( beat ) but -- I have something to say , too . ( beat ) I never have the gut before - he look she in the eye . hellboy but I understand what you do not like about I . I do . what I be make you feel out of place -- out there -- liz Red , I -- hellboy listen . I be not like myer . he make you feel like you belong . and -- that 's good . it really be . I -- wish I could do something about this -- ( point at he own face ) but I can not . ( beat ) I can promise you only two thing ... one : I will always look this good . two : I will not give up on you . ever . liz I like that ... hellboy good . CUT to : ext . moscow warehouse - day Super : topockba steel mill , moscow a wasteland of rust and decay . rotting warehouse line the street like dead steel watchdog . no one 's around but a few lonely sentries . a limo and motorcycle caravan be wave through the security gate . int . moscow warehouse - dusk a metal door trundle back and the limo and escort motorcycle enter . fleshy Russian General -- lapikov -- get out of the limo . then ilsa and grigory . general lapikov I have accumulate many object of great interest . preserve we heritage . the warehouse contain a world of bric-a-brac : a tower marble lenin head , Old master painting , tank , warhead , missile , etc . general lapikov many -- like I -- believe mother Russia to be very close to a historic rebirth . they stop before a cargo container . with a butane torch , a soldier melt away the lead kremlin seal , then open the door . grigory rebirth ? I like that . int . moscow warehouse - the container - same a massive stone monolith of polished marble . lapikov twenty ton of stone . this thing fall from the sky into tungaska forest . grigory June 30th , 1908 . it burn hundred of square mile of forest . the romanovs take possession of it immediately . the czar guard it jealously -- I have want it for age . grigory 's finger brush over its smooth , perfect surface . at the center -- -- two circular imprint that match hellboy 's four- finger stone hand . grigory now , finally , it 's mine . general lapikov you be aware , of course , there 's no way you will get it out of Russian territory . ilsa ( curtly ) he be aware . ilsa bring out a chrome box , full of gold . general lapikov it 's a pleasure do business with you . perhaps you have other interest . grigory 's voice drip with serene brutality . grigory enjoy the bright metal you have earn . there will be no further transaction . ( beat ) only closure . CUT to : ext . the night sky ( matte shot ) - night a massive cargo plane slice the white eye of a full moon . a map detail the plane 's journey over the Black Sea . Super : russian airspace - black sea . int . cargo plane - night as the plane engine drone , myer supervise bprd agent lime and Stone , who stencil a large crate : fragile ! live cargo . hellboy and Liz stand around a brightly - light work table . hellboy show they the medieval illustration of sammael . hellboy " one fall , two shall arise . " so : you pop one , two come out . you kill two , you get four . you kill four , you be in trouble . we have to nail them all at once . and the egg . manning when we do : no mumbo-jumbo . double - core vulcan - 65 grenade . manning show they a set of grenade belt . manning we have install a very handy timer . set it , walk away . cable pull the safety pin , k -boom ! easy to clean , easy to use ... hellboy ( interrupt ) that thing never work . never . manning each of we get a belt . hellboy ( shrug it off ) I will not take them . they never work . man look at hellboy , irate . myer I will carry he -- hellboy wrap broom 's rosary on he wrist . hellboy Boy scout . CUT to : omit ext . countryside - day two gleam black van and a truck move through snow - cover Soviet road . Super : volokolamsk field , moscow . ext . / int . countryside - in the truck cab - day myer and liz struggle with a Moscow map . liz ( into a radio ) sparky to Big Red ... pop she head out of the window , Liz look back at the truck bed . ext . countryside - the truck bed - day fasten to it , the crate label : live cargo . small breathe hole have be drill in the side . hellboy' voice sparky ?? who come up with that ? myer ? ext . / int . countryside - the truck cab - day Liz snicker . myer we be almost there . int . inside the cargo BOX - day hellboy , sit on the floor , in the dark . liz' voice ( on radio ) we be leave the main road , so hang on -- they hit a series of bump . the box rattles and shake . hellboy bang he head . the vehicle lurch to a halt . hellboy ( on the radio ) this better be the place or I will puke . Motors be turn off . the crate be open . Liz peek in . liz come out and see . ext . 19 th century cemetery - day hellboy step out . take a moment to adjust he eye to the light . hellboy sebastian plackba # 16 ... 19 th century cemetery ( matte shot / composite ) Broken spike fence succumb to rust and dead vine . Endless row of crypt and tombstone poke through wild foliage . we group plus two agent ( lime and Stone ) venture into the labyrinthine lane of the dead . each carry a backpack , a flashlight and a gun . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - mausoleum section ( location ) - day later . the group gather in frustration in a area of baroque funerary monument . myer -- carry the explosive belt -- look around . manning forget it . this be practically a city . and it stink , and it 's muddy . we will go back , check into a hotel , regroup after breakfast . we will have to make a grid , go by quadrant . maybe satellite photography . he gesture and all the agent head for the van . hellboy let I ask for direction . ext . OPEN grave - day the group surround a grave . hellboy raise the break stone cover and then jump in . ext . OPEN grave ( set ) - day -- and land on a rotten coffin . in it , a mummify corpse lie in a miserable black suit . hellboy ( whisper ) animam edere , animus corpus ... he press the amulet on the cadaver 's forehead . for a moment , nothing , and then ... ...a brutal spasm !! the corpse gasp , breathes ... and mutter something in tongueless Russian . subtitle : what do you want ? ext . moscow cemetery ( location ) - day the group gawk as hellboy climb out , carry the corpse on he back . with a ear- to - ear grin , he approach the team . hellboy sixty foot further , comrade , and three row in ... the corpse fidget on hellboy 's back . its bony hand weakly point , as if in confirmation . hellboy this here be Ivan klimentovich : say " hi " Ivan . the corpse mutter again . subtitled : go that way , red monkey . ext . cemetery - yefimovich mausoleum ( location ) - day a miniature black marble castle . use a crowbar , myer pries open the ancient steel door . hellboy , still carry the desiccate abomination on he back , walk in . omit int . yefimovich mausoleum stair - later - day two agent stand guard in the mausoleum , while the group descend carefully . the wall be dot with yellow skull . int . yefimovich mausoleum - underground - staircase myer ' flashlight flicker . he shake it back to life . int . underground - underground intersection they reach the bottom of the staircase : three corridor branch off in different direction . hellboy deposit the corpse attop a pile of coffin . hellboy we will be alright ... as long as we do not separate -- int . underground corridor and intersection - day tchkanggg !!!!! large spike metal plate shoot up from below , block both they way out , demolosh the staircase and ramming Stone : he 's go . wick spike cover the metal surface . hellboy still bang on it , but to no avail : it 's at least six inch thick . Liz and myer be on the other side . hellboy ( into he walkie- talkie ) okay , someone 's expect we . turn on you locator -- anyone see anything ... liz Marco ... hellboy ... polo . on the other side of the panel , myer take the radio from Liz . myer ( into radio ) be you sure about this ? hellboy on a scale of one to ten : two . but -- ( beat ) -- she will take care of you , myer . she 's a tough one . Liz and myer move off . hellboy shine he light down the tunnel on the leave . agent lime pick up the corpse and follow . int . tunnel " a " / chamber - day hellboy and man come into a vast chamber : slavic motif crown the rugge stone pillar and archway . Water run down the wall . across a small stone bridge , light pour from a hexagonal structure . they step onto the bridge . klanggg !!! two gear release a steel door from above , force they to forge ahead . somewhere , a massive clockwork be ticking . manning what 's that -- hellboy motion for silence . the corpse mutter : " it's something big " they stare into the darkness . manning we should go back -- you -- you could tear that door apart -- hellboy do not move . we -- manning -- should go back . now ! hellboy no. do not -- manning I be in charge . we go back ! hellboy yank man just in time . bammm !!!! a gigantic metal pendulum swing past and demolish one third of the bridge a few foot from they foot . it take lime and the corpse with it . another door on the far end of the bridge shudder downward . hellboy Son of a -- whoosh ! the pendulum swing back . it destroy more of the bridge . man sprint for all he 's worth and crawl under the door . hellboy run , but chunks of stone disintegrate under he foot . the pendulum swing back take out the final piece of the bridge just as hellboy roll under the door -- -- and make it into the hexagonal building . int . stone corridor - day hellboy and man find themselves in a very narrow , arched stone corridor . its wall be line with endless row of rusty steel blade . faint trace of wagner can be hear . they cautiously proceed ... int . hexagonal stone lab - day there . in yellow gaslight , kroenen nod attentively as a phonograph play the love duet from tristan und isolde . above he , rope , hook and pulley . int . stone corridor - day man rest he hand too close to a blade . manning ouch !! int . hexagonal stone lab - day kroenen come alert . he scan the room , quietly wind himself up . int . stone corridor - day hellboy shoot a dirty look at man and then look back into the chamber -- -- kroenen be go . hellboy ( to man ) crap . this guy move like a cockroach -- hellboy ready he gun and then creep toward the lab . int . hexagonal stone lab - day hellboy 's footstep elicit soft creak from the wooden floor . man move along behind he . the record finish play . silence -- swish !!! kroenen 's whirling blade slice the air , rip into man 's arm . as kroenen go in for the kill -- -- hellboy thrust out he stone fist as a shield . kroenen bear down but hellboy fend he off with powerful , deliberate block . kroenen haul out one of he long sword . hellboy screw that . hellboy yank it away and bend it like a twig . bammmm !!!! he punch kroenen in the face , crumpling the steel mask , smash its lense . hellboy you kill my father -- bammm !!!! another hit . kroenen stagger back with each blow . finally , the mask fall off . hellboy give you soul to God , you ass be mine . a asthmatic wheeze erupt from he scar face . kroenen be laugh . int . hexagonal trap door pit - day bam !!! under he foot , a huge trapdoor fall open . he and man drop through , along with the phonograph . hellboy grab a rope . it spin through a copper pulley , but a large knot jerk he to a stop . hellboy snatch man 's hand , but lose he backpack . he look down . the phonograph hit the ground with a crash . manning ( panting , whisper ) well , it 's not that big a fall ... klangggg !!!!! the entire bottom bristle with six - foot , sparkling steel blade . int . above the hexagonal trap door pit - day kroenen cautiously lean over the pit . he can not hear a sound . as he peek -- swish !! a loop of the rope wrap around he neck and yank he forward ! before he go over , he frantically dig he blade into the floor , anchore himself . int . hexagonal trap door pit - day hellboy have use the rope hang below he as a lasso . manning cling to he powerful back as he climb up , hand over hand . int . above the hexagonal trap door pit - day kroenen go to cut the rope ... int . hexagonal trap door pit - day hellboy ( reach the top ) oh , no you do not -- hellboy wrap the rope around he stone fist and , with a brutal stone - fist yank , pull kroenen into the pit ! with a horrible scream , kroenen drop headfirst past they and onto the spike . he wriggle like a fish catch on a hook , only make it worse , as he slide further down the blade . int . above the hexagonal trap door pit - day hellboy climb out and sit . see kroenen 's blade embed in the floor . holding it : the prosthetic hand , still tick . int . above the hexagonal trap door pit - day hellboy peer down . still alive , kroenen frees one arm , slice through he own ropy bicep . hellboy you like play possum , you Nazi pinhead ? ( beat ) then try play dead . int . bottom of hexagonal trap door pit - day hellboy tip a massive cogwheel over the edge . kroenen emit a horrid scream as it crush he . int . above the hexagonal trap door pit - day man sit down , bandage he injury . hellboy kneel down . hellboy be you okay ? man nod weakly . hellboy bring out a cigar and fire up he Zippo . hellboy you would better stay here . I will find a way out . we will come back for you . manning you call that thing a cigar ?? hellboy yup . manning you never , ever light a cigar that way . he dig out one of he fine cigar , cut it and hand it to hellboy . manning use a wooden match . it preserve the flavor . he light it for he . hellboy grin . manning thank you . hellboy ( smile ) my job . omit int . tunnel " B " - underground narrow tunnel - day a narrow tunnel . Liz and myer advance carefully . just ahead , a cave - in . piece of ceiling , timber , coffin and corpse form a chaotic barrier . as they squeeze past ... myer so , he think that you and I ... that 's why he 's mad at I -- a few bone roll by . wet earth drop onto they shoulder . they draw they arm close to they body , point they flashlight beam straight down . a moment of strange intimacy . myer but it 's not true , be it ? liz what -- ? myer that you feel that way about I . liz you want to know -- now -- ? here ? Red , white , whatever -- guy be all the same . int . tunnel " C " - underground tunnel - steep slope - day hellboy labor up a steep slope , use rock and root for handhold . he reach a dead end and collapse , out of breath . Light filter through a crack in the ground ; he can faintly hear Liz and myer . int . tunnel " B " - underground tunnel - cavern area - day Liz and myer reach a wider section of tunnel " B " . they find themselves calf - deep in brown water . myer light Liz 's path as she step onto a large stone . myer watch out . it 's slippery ... his light short out . she shine she light past he . liz oh , my God ... myer turn . his flashlight come back on , revealing a complex natural cavern . a entire wall be cover with translucent egg . sammael be there , gnaw on a dry arm bone , with the hand still attach . when the light hit he face , he milky pupil constrict . a snarl ... a second sammael emerge from the water . it shake itself off . a third one raise its head . myer and Liz try to back away , but a metal wall rise right behind they klankkkkk !!! they be trap !! myer go to grab a set of explosive belt . tries to set up the timer . Zipp ! -- one sammael snatch they away . myer fall to the ground , clothes tear , injure . liz ( into the radio ) Marco , Marco , Marco ... get you Big Red butt over here ! something stomp on the ceiling directly above they . again and again . int . tunnel " C " - underground tunnel floor - day hellboy pound the floor with he rock hand . furiously . hellboy hang on kid , I be come for you !! the rock below he start to crumble . ext . anthill view of underground tunnel and pit - day in a " ant farm " view of the complex , we see hellboy above , pummel and -- in the cavern below -- Liz and myer . int . tunnel " B " - underground tunnel cavern area - day Dust and rock fall from above . the four identical creature move in on Liz and myer . myer shoot one in the head three time . the creature shake off the hit as if pelt with pebble . one of they spring . as it fly through the air , hellboy crash through the ceiling . he land on top of it along with a ton or two of stone . the creature be crush . two egg glow , metamorphose . Presto -- two new sammael be bear . the first two sammael growl , join by the two new one . Liz sprint to safety . hellboy sorry . just could not leave you two alone . hellboy scoops up myer and deposit he next to Liz . lit by myer ' flashlight , two of the creature jump . one clamp onto hellboy 's back , the other onto he leg . hellboy howl . the third one join in , like lion drag down a zebra . this time , though , the zebra fight back . hellboy pull out he gun and fire a round into the chest of a sammael . two egg glow -- two new sammael be bear . they be five . hellboy 's torso be cover in blood . he fall to the ground . a fourth and a fifth creature spring onto he , bite . hellboy be in trouble . Liz watch and shiver . a ripple of heat shimmer over she body . liz ( at myer ) hit I . myer what ? Liz be desperate , cry . liz hit I -- ( beat ) all of my life I have run away from it ... now I want it to happen ! do it . hellboy scream . Water explode under the fight body . two of the sammael turn they attention to Liz and myer . myer I can not , I -- Liz slap he . liz I know now : I love he . I have always love he . a beat of silence , then myer slap she across the face , once . hard . the heat ripple build . the air vibrate around she . her pupil kick back light , like a animal 's . liz go now . myer duck behind a rock as Liz 's arm blaze with fire . the two approach sammael be ready to pounce . on top of hellboy , one of they turn its head , like a lion hearing the hunter 's gunshot . a staggering hellboy see Liz 's body shake in a surge of white - hot energy . hellboy ( weak ) Liz ... the water at she foot blow away as a concave shockwave of fire expands . the fire engulf the creature . devour they all . int . tunnel " B " - underground tunnel cavern area - day the screen fade to white and then ... silence , then a pulse . a high ringing tone . a heartbeat . hellboy push away the half - cook remain of two sammael . the other creature be little more than blacken bone . he stumble forward . no water leave . everything be half - bury in a crack , bone - dry bed of mud . Liz lie on the ground , on she side , unconscious . myer be alive , but too groggy to even acknowledge it . weakly , hellboy turn around : in the eerie silence of he deafness , he see grigory -- laughing noiselessly , witness to a absurd comedy . ilsa approach . and -- in a simple , brutal move -- hit he with a hammer -- fade out / fade in omit int . the catacomb - night hellboy slowly come to . he be chain to a massive wooden yoke . he take notice of he surroundings : a large church - like space , surround by funeral nich and statue hold sword . High column flank huge mechanical gear . a solar system model take the place of a altar . off to one side , ilsa use a hammer to destroy the timer on the explosive belt . next to the main nave , myer be tie to a stone pillar . under he foot , a blood channel , lead to the immense stone slab buy from lapikov . Liz lie at grigory 's foot . he 's dress in a ceremonial robe and hold he leather book open . his back to hellboy , he face a mural of the angel abbadon hold a key . grigory " and I look and beheld a angel , and in he hand the key to the bottomless pit ... " hellboy tense , rage building . the yoke creak , but do not bend . grigory ( gesture at the stone piece ) this be the word I hear as a peasant boy in tobolsk . and now , the door -- send by the ogdruh jahad so that they might at long last enter we world . ilsa ( to hellboy ) you be the key ! the right hand of doom ! hellboy study the stone sculpture , its three hand imprint -- ilsa ( triumphant ) what do you think it be make for ? open the lock . hellboy stare at he huge right arm , as if for the first time . myer do not do it !! do not do it !! ilsa kick myer in the face . ilsa silence !! the open dome above reveal the moon . a eclipse be beginning . the altar 's clockwork monitor its progress . ilsa imagine it : a eden for you and she -- hellboy no. grigory turn to hellboy . grigory no? ( reasonable ) in exchange for she life then , open the door . in torment , hellboy , shake he head : no . grigory as you wish . he lean over Liz , whisper in she ear : her body arch , she mouth emit a plume of energy . grigory greedily inhale it . then she go limp . grigory she 's dead . hellboy noooo ! noooo !!! he struggle again . one of the cuff snap . he swat ilsa with he free hand . she stumble backwards . now hellboy fight to free he other hand . indifferent , grigory watch the eclipse . grigory her soul await on the other side . if you want she back ... ( beat ) open the door and claim she . his head and heart racing , hellboy struggle for a answer . can not find one ... the moon be almost totally eclipse . he drop he gaze . his voice a hoarse whisper . hellboy for she . grigory move close to hellboy . rip the rosary off he wrist . it land near myer . grigory name hold the power and nature of thing . mine for example . rasputin : " the crossroad . " ( beat ) and crossroad I have become . ( beat ) you true name : anung-un-rama . repeat it . become the key . hellboy ( close he eye ) anung-un-rama ... int . catacomb - night hellboy 's stone arm glow . ancient symbol of fire burn the stone . flame momentarily engulf he body . int . catacomb - night hellboy roar as he horn majestically burst forth ! out of he mouth , energy and light boil like condense breath on a winter 's night . inebriate with power , the new prince of hell smile with supreme arrogance . his shadow fall on the white marble of the slab and mysteriously spread over it until the stone turn black as obsidian . myer no !! do not do it !! listen to I !! hellboy insert he enormous paw into the first imprint on the stone slab -- clack !! he turn it , like a lock . a beam of crimson light shoot upwards into the sky . ext . view from the CITY - night visible from all over Moscow , the beam blaze to the moon ! the same phenomenon as in the prologue , but this time it 's more intense , with ripple and halo . int . the other side - night again , the infinite , starry space . again , the ogdru jahad . the ruby beam pierce the darkness . int . catacomb - night hellboy watch as the first imprint disappear . in its place : a burn glyph . myer struggle with he binding . the rough hemp cut he skin , but he manage to free one hand . ext . on the other side - night ogdru jahad shift , suddenly break free . gelatinous limb uncurl , expand . its enormity puzzle the eye , obscure the frame . int . catacomb - night hellboy thrust he hand into the second imprint . clack ! he turn it . myer spot the break rosary and reach for it -- int . the sky - night in the STORM cloud , lightning illuminate gargantuan tentacles reaching into the earthly plane . int . catacomb - night grigory drink in the first sign of the arrival and laugh . grigory the final seal . open it ! hellboy put he hand inside , clack !!! before he can turn it , myer reach the rosary . ilsa lunge at he . he clobber she full in the face . she stagger back and down . myer ( to hellboy ) remember who you be !!! he throw the rosary at hellboy . instinctively , hellboy catch it . it smoke in he hand . he toss it away . it land next to the explosive belt . hellboy open he palm , see the smoking , char imprint of the cross and bead . he look over at grigory . with a blood - curdle scream , hellboy grab he horn with both hand , brutally snap they off . Energy spew from the stump . he stab grigory with one of they . grigory drop to he knee , hold he stomach . hellboy drop the blood-stain horn . the final lock disappear into the stone . the light flicker and the connection with the moon be break . ilsa , lick she bloody lip , look up . the sky be silent . the thundercloud be parting . the eclipse have end . grigory crumple in agony . the burn glyph in hellboy 's stone hand dim down , he feature and body resume they usual shape . all be quiet . grigory you will never fulfill you destiny . you will never understand the power inside you . hellboy I can live with that . he break myer ' chain , help he up . int . catacomb - night hellboy painfully take Liz 's limp body in he arm . myer stand by he side . he kiss she forehead , caress she hair , then walk down the step . myer step on something . he look under he foot : a smashed glass eye . then ... out of the silence , a whisper . grigory child ... hellboy turn . grigory , on he knee , smile . grigory ( die ) look what you have do -- he look up . in he empty eye socket , fleshy tendril shift lazily . grigory you have kill I -- a insignificant man ... but you have bring forth a God . he uncover he abdomen . Long , fleshy pseudopod spill out of the wound , like intestine . a large entity erupt from grigory 's torso and claw the air . grigory behold , my master , behemoth . Guardian of threshold , destroyer of world . cover in steamy slime , a seven foot , multi-tentacled shape -- baby behemoth -- land on the stone slab . the squirming flesh surge up like greasy pink foam . grow exponentially by the second . ilsa kneel and embrace grigory 's corpse . kiss he on the mouth . a gargantuan tentacled shadow loom above they . ilsa Hell will hold no surprise for we . a tower of flesh disdainfully crush they both . int . catacomb - adjacent tunnel - night in a passageway , hellboy carefully hand Liz 's body over to myer . hellboy keep she safe . no matter what . I will deal with whatever 's back there . myer alone ? hellboy how big can it be ? as if in response , a massive tentacle fill the tunnel , reach for he . oil lamp hang from the ceiling smash onto hellboy '' S head as he be pull back at breakneck speed , finally confront -- int . the catacomb - night behemoth !!! the size of a house -- hellboy -- head smoking -- writhes in the grip of the tentacle . it suddenly throw he toward the ceiling . as he arc back down , abm !! -- he crack the floor wide open . next to he : the rosary and the explosive belt . he try to grab they . the tentacle slam down , block he way . the vibration send the belt down into the crack . they bounce off a small ledge and land further down . Far below , grind cogwheel and gear . hellboy manage to pull a steel sword from the close marble statue . hellboy stand up and swing the sword for all he 's worth . fwap ! he cut clean through the tentacle . the tip hit the floor , roll into the crack . from out of behemoth 's stump ... a mass of wriggle tentacles replace the cut - off section ! they squirm around hellboy 's face as he slashes , again and again , fight he way forward . he lean into the crack , stretch he arm , struggle to grab the belt . a few inch short . he jump into the crevice , onto the first ledge . it crumble !! the gear below grind a few fall brick . the belt slide away . a tentacle capture hellboy , pull he up . at the last second , he grab the belt with he tail . the beast raise hellboy high . a multi-layered mouth open in the body of behemoth . the most horrible proboscis ever see . hellboy 's tail pass he the belt . the timer on they be crush . a spark spurt : useless . hellboy they never work -- he wrap they around he stone arm . hellboy ugh -- now , this be gonna hurt -- he pull the pin on all the explosive . behemoth drop he into a squid-like beak and gulp he down . after a moment , a weird gurgle emanate from the creature 's innard . then -- int . catacomb - night a surge of light roil within the thing , outline the pulpy organ . the creature start to burn . omit int . catacomb - night a chain reaction yield a cacophony of explosion as behemoth be envelop in a cloud of fire , goo and soft flesh . hellboy land with a sicken , bone-crunch thud !!! with a bellow , behemoth go down , the limp tentacles miss hellboy as they vanish in a blaze of energy and light . finally , just a few cinder of flesh float in the air . int . catacomb - night hellboy stand , cover in goo . two final shockwave of light ripple over the ground . hellboy ouch -- it do hurt . int . adjacent tunnel hellboy lurch into the passageway and spot myer . painfully drag himself over . Liz 's body be on the floor . man limp in from a adjacent room . hellboy cradle Liz 's head in he huge hand . hold she against he powerful chest and whisper in she ear . a beat or two , then a moan . liz in the dark -- I hear you voice -- what -- do you say -- ? he look at she , lovingly caress she hair . hellboy " you , on the other side : let she go . because for she , for she -- I will die . I will cross over . " ( beat ) " and you will be sorry I do . " myer smile . Liz look at hellboy for the first time as what he be : the man she love . a warm , gentle fire rim she body . man watch . agent myer smile a sad smile , illuminate by the flame . hellboy and Liz kiss . the fire halo they and build as Tom wait ' cinny'' waltz fill the air . fade out : the end