int . _ lemarchand 's workshop nearly midnight run title over a series of extreme close - ups : a pair of human hand work delicately on tiny cog and machinery . a human eye grotesquely expand though a magnify glass . a tiny screwdriver tightening a tiny screw . intricate internal mechanism of silver , gold and jewel . intercut with shot of beautiful and intricate automata ; a monkey -musician in blue and gold livery hold a violin . a harlequin hold the hand of a coy Columbine . a silver - face clown perch on a trapeze . the title end . widen to reveal the workshop of phillip lemarchand light by candlelight . the automata stand on wooden shelf which line the room along with plan and drawing . at the workbench , Phillip - handsome , 30 , obsessed by he craft - be hunch over he work , keep we from see it . super-imposed : the outskirt of paris 1784 there 's a strange atmosphere . perhaps it 's the crazy shadow throw by the flicker candle . perhaps it 's the sound of the wind in the midnight darkness outside . perhaps it 's the amplify heartbeat of Phillip . something give a edge to the scene . we be wait for something to happen . with a cry of triumph as something click into place , Phillip sit back on he chair , he latest creation in he palm . we recognise the object of black wood and filigreed gold - the lament configuration , a hell - summoning box from hellraiser . the workroom door open and Phillip 's wife genevieve enter . mid - 20 's and beautiful , she be in she nightdress . genevieve be it do ? lemarchand : done ! geneviev : ( yawn ) be it wonderful ? lemarchand : wonderful ! genevieve : ( smile ) be you brilliant ? lemarchand ( return the smile ) the finest toymaker in France ! they both laugh affectionately . beneath they word and they smile , though , be a undercurrent of .. what ? anxiety ? uncertainty ? perhaps they both sense Phillip be involved in something that he do not quite understand . genevieve what do it do ? proudly , lemarchand manipulate the box through various position until , at a certain point , the mechanism within seem to take over and it move itself into the final swastika - like configuration familiar from the previous film ... and remain sit on lemarchand 's hand . no chain , no hook , no blue light , no scream of pain or pleasure . the interested smile on Genevieve 's face falter . genevieve : oh. ( beat ) it do not actually do anything , then ? lemarchand ( stung into cold defensiveness ) it all but defy the law of physical geometry ! it 's my masterpiece ! you simply could not understand ... genevieve : I mean no offense , Phillip . I be sure it 's terribly intricate . it 's just ... dull . I prefer you acrobat and lover . laugh disarmingly , she cross to the shelf and activate some of the older automata . the monkey musician begin to see at he fiddle . harlequin kiss Columbine , who hide she blush behind a fan . the clown swing over and around he trapeze . lemarchand , far from placate , be stand and fasten a cloak around himself . lemarchand I be work to a commission . to very specific request . the Duke have what he want . Genevieve register the cloak as lemarchand head for the door . genevieve it 's midnight ! where be you go ? lemarchand the chateau du reve to deliver the box . genevieve now !? why ? lemarchand because my work might be appreciate there . and it be the appoint hour . open the door , box in hand , he sweep from the room . Genevieve watch the door close behind he . genevieve the appoint hour - Midnight ! aristocrat ... ( cont . ) ext . the chateau du reve midnight a magnificent mansion stand in its own grounds . below its lawn be a front gate . a shadowy figure hover at the gate - a beggar or derelict of some kind . the camera move to show ... lemarchand at the impressive front door of the chateau . genevieve ( off ) ( cont . ) ... such strange people . the door be open by jacque , a 19 year - old servant - cum - apprentice to the chateau 's owner - who stand behind he , the powder and periwigged duc do l’isle . De l’isle 's age be hard to determine beneath the layer of white powder that cover he face but the red and rheumy eye and spidery limb suggest he be at least in he late 50 '' . from somewhere in the house , a clock toll midnight . do 'or isle lemarchand . as precise as you piece , as timely as you toy . enter , enter . lemarchand step over the threshold ... int . chateau du reve , hallway night ( cont . ) into the hall - candle - light , its outer reach lose in shadow . there 's a impression of decay beneath the finery ; a bright light would probably show peel paint and cobweb . De l’isle 's eye glitter as he look at the box in lemarchand 's hand . beckone , he lead he across the hall toward a room . do l’isle come . someone be eager to meet you . lemarchand follow , he manner nervous . he be a middle - class artisan in the house of a aristocrat . Jacques close the door and look at lemarchand and De l’isle as they walk away . there be a look in he eye - covetous , ambitious , and secretive . int . chateau du reve , game room night ( cont . ) a room light by many candle , provide a rich atmosphere of contrast orange light and flicker black shadow . EIGHT cardplayer - male , four finely - attire , the other four in military uniform - sit at a large table . a game in progress halt as the player look up as De l’isle and lemarchand enter . do l’isle a moment , gentleman , forgive I . Madame ? a stunningly beautiful woman , emerge from the shadow at the room 's end , move to De l’isle and lemarchand . this be the princess angelique . Dark , mysterious , exquisite . do l’isle Phillip lemarchand - the princess angelique . angelique extend she hand . lemarchand - visibly strike by she beauty - bend to kiss it . as he straighten , he find himself the subject of a penetrate stare and a ravish smile . angelique you fame precede you , toymaker do l’isle the princess be you true patron , lemarchand . the box be she conception , you employment she idea . lemarchand place the box in the hand of angelique . lemarchand though the box be unworthy of you beauty , princess , I pray its amusement be worthy of you attention . angelique I thank you , sir . and I pray you workmanship be as elegant as you tongue . Phillip glow in the warmth of she smile and she word . his face fall , however , as she instantly turn to De l’isle . angelique ( flatly , unsmile ) pay he . she turn without another word and move back into the room , leave De l’isle amused at Phillip 's obvious disappointment do l’isle never mistake you superior 's politeness for affection , toymaker . and never forget you place . the sound of a firmly close door bridge the CUT to ext . the chateau du reve night lemarchand walk away from the close front door , he brush with the rich and powerful abruptly over . the path take he past the light window of the game room . he look in . int . chateau do reve , game room night ( cont . ) Jacques fill glass at a drink - table . his secretive eye constantly scour the room - observe , recording , learn . at the card - table with angelique , De l’isle clap he hand for attention and the player look up at they . we get a clearer look at the player now and some sense of they personality ; corbusier - the natural leader . rakishly good-look . sardonic smile . cruel eye . d’artagnan with a bad attitude . delvaux - De l’isle 's age but fat , ruddy and libidinous . l’escargot - thin , pinch , and cold . efficient and amoral . in he next incarnation , a accountant at auschwitz . do conduite - a dandy . a effeminate heterosexual . know a lot about lady 's fashion . probably collect snuff -box . l’hiver , printemps , l’automme and l’ete - young army officer earning the way of the world from this decadent companion . do l’isle gentlemen : a new game . angelique hold the box up to they collective gaze and hand it to D l’isle , who pass it on to corbusier . a secret look pass between angelique and De l’isle - he full of expectation , hers full of promise . ext . the chateau du reve night ( cont . through the window , lemarchand see corbusier take the box . the card - player 's mouth move as if make some comment and we see laughter from he fellow . it be clear that , though lemarchand can see the action in the room , he can not hear anything . int . chateau du reve , game room night ( cont . ) De l’isle smile at whatever witticism corbusier make . do l’isle come , sir . we be all player here . do we laugh at challenge or except they ? corbusier weigh the box in he hand . corbusier and what would be the challenge here , De l’isle ? to name this frippery ? how about '' the Arabian dice '' ? - for it be as filligreed as a moorish temple and as simple as a child 's toy . amidst the laughter of he fellow player , he roll it on to the table in contemptuous parody of throw a dice . angelique snatch it up . her icy voice still the laughter . angelique it already have a name , sir . the lament configuration . and as to be simple - it 's complexity , I wager , be beyond you skill . corbusier ( look she up and down ) a pretty name , Madame . be the stake you would offer as attractive ? the other giggle at the lascivious implication in he word . angelique silence they with a freezing glance and then - play they perfectly - allow a coy smile to blossom on she face . she hold the box up again . angelique the box look solid , gentlemen , but in skilful hand may be unlock and maneuver . pass it among yourselves . for every successful stripping of its secret ... I shall respond in kind . to appreciative murmur from the player , angelique raise the box to she lip and kiss it . angelique now it be complete . will you play , Sir ? she proffer it to corbusier , who take it eagerly and begin to manipulate it , search for its secret . the eye of the player be fix on he effort - so they miss the secret smile that pass between angelique and De l’isle . and all of they be blind to the rapt attention of Jacques . corbusier ah ! there you be ! the box click to a different position . look up , he pass the box carelessly to delvaux , he expectant eye on angelique . nodding in acknowledgement , angelique undoe some catch and remove she dress . it 's 1784 , so there be still several layer of undergarment to go . nevertheless she action draw smile from the player and send delvaux eagerly to work ext . the chateau du reve night ( cont . ) lemarchand 's jaw drop as he see angelique disrobe . ( intercut to lemarchand at various point through the '' game '' ) int . chateau du reve , game room night ( cont . ) delvaux work as he fellow watch , quoffing drink or take snuff . l’escargot be next but it 's De conduite who call out do conduite time , sir , time ! pass it on ! l’escargot reach for the box but delvaux snatch it away . delvaux no ! I have nearly ... there !! the box move to another set . all eye turn lustfully to angelique to obligingly remove the first of she petticoat . do l’isle play on . play on . l’escargot take up the box and begin . montage - - the box move from hand to hand , from position to position . - angelique remove succesive layer of clothing . - increasingly - flushed and excited face . - a secret excitement grow in De l’isle 's eye . - Jacques watch , as excited as he master - lemarchand 's face beyond the glass , fascinate and shocked . finally , the box come back to the hand of corbusier . he look at angelique - now clad only in a corset and bloomer . corbusier it occur to I , Madame , that should there be more secret on the table than on the floor , we will need fresh inducement for we endeavour . angelique oh , there be always more secret , sir . always more surprise . now - will you talk or will you play ? viciously , corbusier twist at the box , seek one more configuration ... and find it . the box fly from he hand to the centre of the table - and begin to move itself . corbusier what ? the player all stare in fascination at the move box . angelique as I say . always more secret . but a wager be a wager ... she begin to loose the catch of she corset . De l’isle move to stand with jacque . intercut the box 's movement with the loosen of the corset . the box click into a penultimate position and blue light glow bright from within it and through the seam at its side . lemarchand be shocked . the box have secret its maker do not suspect . before he can see more , the drape suddenly fall shut against the window - as if something know he 's watch . the player do not notice ; breath hold , they eye be on angelique as she open she corset to reveal herself ... her torso transform - suddenly it be cover in a score of scream mouth and demonic eye that stare balefully out into the room . her flesh ripples in constant motion as if full of impossible life ! instantly , the room be full of the amplified SOUND of demonic whisper and bath in blue light . angelique 's skin take a blue tone and she eye turn completely black ! the movement on she chest culminate in a gaping wound that open there ! amid cry of horror and fear from the cardplayer , the box click into its final position , stream blue light ... ... and the room explode into hellish and unnatural life ! - the entire room trembles as if catch in a quake - unearthly wind explode up from the floor send the candle flame shoot upwards in powerful red FIRE , casting nightmare shadow on the wall . - hellish restraint shoot from the chair , twist around the player 's limb , trapping they in place . - overhead , a large wrought -iron candleabra hang from the ceiling move into a new shape , its eight rococo arm straighten out into viciously sharp and powerful lance . the player look up in horror at what have become a kill machine overhead ... ... and the candleabra fall from the ceiling , each of its eight arm head unerringly for the body of a card - player ! close on the back and base of a chair as a spike smashes through it , follow by a gush of blood , as we smash - CUT to ext the chateau du reve night ( cont . ) lemarchand be some foot back from the curtain window , he face a mask of horror at the terrible sound from within the room and the nightmare shadow play on the heavy drape . now , suddenly and explosively , the large window shatter outward in a massive explosion of light and sound !! terrify , lemarchand turn and flee down the garden with the panic-fuelled speed of a man who fear hell be at he heel . from the gate , he turn into the street and pass the shadowy figure we glimpse earlier . we now see it 's a derelict with a handcart load with junk and curio . the derelict grab he . derelict delicacy , sir ? spice of the orient ? wonder from beyond the sea ? lemarchand shake himself free and run , shouting back lemarchand no more wonder ! a end to wonder ! the derelict look back at the chateau , blue light pulsing from the window ... and then the light go out . int . chateau du reve , game room night ( cont . ) close on the box as it click back into its normal position . widen to reveal the room . the player 's chair be vacant , one or two fall over as the only testimony to what take place . Jacques be look at De l’isle , he face vilely excited . do l’isle be you not apprentice to a great magician , jacque ? jacque there be indeed great magic , sir but Jacques 's look at angelique as he say it De l’isle pick up a chair and rights it . he smile at angelique , also back to normal and hold the box . do l’isle a fine game , princess . angelique the first of many , Sir . I find a rare talent in lemarchand . De l’isle 's face become cold and imperious . do l’isle go to my room , madam , and wait for I . oddly , angelique nod , turn and leave . do l’isle ( to Jacques ) he who summon the magic , command the magic . a lesson , Jacques . Jacques nod in understanding . int . the sorbonne anatomy CLASS , paris morning close on a human arm , as a scalpel slice it and a pair of hand peel the flesh back , revealing the musculature beneath . widen to reveal a big room , its floor sawdust - cover and blood -soak , and full of table on each of which be sheet - cover corpse . at one table , sleeve roll up and work hard at he dissection , be auguste do marais , a 30 year old professor of science and philosophy . he have no student with he but only he friend lemarchand . Auguste be smile broadly , have jus hear lemarchand 's story . ( Auguste continue he efficient preparation of the corpse throughout they conversation ) auguste a pity mme . De beaumont be dead this four year . you could have sell she you story and give she another success to match she '' beauty and the beast '' . lemarchand it be no story , Auguste ! I see what I see , hear what I hear . the box open the door of Hell ! auguste this be the eighteenth century , not the dark age . the world be rule by reason . we have even get rid of God . and if there be no Heaven then it follow , reasonably , that there be no Hell . lemarchand I be at its very window last night ! Auguste look at he friend , hear the conviction in he voice . auguste very well . suppose for the sake of argument that what you fear happen , happen . a box that open the door of Hell must be able to close they . lemarchand scant comfort , Auguste . the box belong to people with little interest in close such door . auguste then the solution lie - literally - in you hand . you design a machine that you fear can bring forth demon . lemarchand yes . auguste then design a machine that can destroy they . as Auguste bend down to the difficult ( and two -hande ) task of pull the corpse 's rib-cage open , lemarchand stare at he friend , he eye suddenly excited . CUT to int . lemarchand 's workroom afternoon the workbench be litter with papers fill with design and drawing . they reveal a progression from the design of the lament configuration towards something else . lemarchand work feverishly on a design which complete the process . the six face of the box be draw at the edge of the paper . line from point on the face meet in the centre of the paper to form a shape . from the box itself have come its own opposite . the new shape , while arise from the box be anti-thetical to it ; a cat ’s-cradle of interconnect and curving line , rather than a solid and angular mass . lemarchand run he finger over the shape in the centre of the paper , he eye burn with the beginning of understanding . genevieve ( off ) Phillip ? a visitor . lemarchand look up from he desk to the door . Genevieve be there and , beside she , angelique - at the sight of whom lemarchand barely manage to conceal he gasp . lemarchand princess . angelique toymaker . a beat . angelique look meaningfully to she side , indicate Genevieve 's presence . lemarchand thank you , Genevieve . more eye-language as Genevieve leave - hers show anger at be ask to leave , he try to imply apology . angelique watch the door close - and , as lemarchand gather up and turn over he drawing to keep they from she eye , she quietly and secretly turn the key in the door to lock it . angelique forgive this unannounced visit lemarchand a honour . a pleasure . a ... a ... lemarchand be fumble . he 's afraid . what do this visit mean ? though it 's daytime and angelique be both polite and beautiful , he memory of last night be strong . angelique move further in , a amused smile on she lip . angelique do I make you nervous ? how delightful . lemarchand you take I by surprise . I be work . angelique and what work you do , Phillip . May I call you Phillip ? ( he nod ) and you must call I angelique . ( a beat ) say it ... ( cont . ) she 's move very close to he now . she 's almost whisper . angelique ( cont . ) I want to watch you mouth make the shape of my name . the light in the room seem to have dimmed , to have coalesc around they , leave the rest of the room lost in shadow . this be not flirtation . this be not seduction . this be hypnosis . lemarchand be almost dizzy , he fear forget . lemarchand angelique ... her eye fix on he lip as he say it . she 's manage to make just the say of a name a intimate , almost erotic , act . angelique good , now we be friend . I much prefer to do business with friend . lemarchand Business ? be you dissatisfied with the piece I make ? angelique I be delighted . transform . I want more , Phillip . and so do my master . ( off he look ) Men and woman of power . ready to reward genius . gold. Fame . the smile of fair woman ... lemarchand I have a wife . angelique oh . be that who that be ? well . whatever . my point be this ; I can offer you a world which will appreciate a man of you skill . lemarchand the Duke be rich , I know , but he influence be not so great . angelique De l’isle ? ( laugh ) forget he . a initial contact , that 's all . when I say '' power '' , I mean real power . and when I say '' reward '' , I mean real reward . lemarchand great reward be usually accompany by great risk . angelique you caution be justified . you will hear strange storey and see strange sight . but you be not in danger . you be my friend . she raise she hand to stroke delicately at he face ... angelique Friends can share thing , Phillip . secret thing . thing even wife need not know . they eye lock . he lean forward , as if to claim a kiss ... genevieve ( of for ) Phillip ? Phillip ? close on the other side of the lock door - and Genevieve play with the handle , concerned . Inside , the mood change instantly . angelique move back briskly into the room - which be suddenly brightly - light again , everything back to normal - and head for the door lemarchand , head still spin , call after she lemarchand angelique ... she turn at the door , smile , she hand on the key . angelique yes ? lemarchand yes . angelique we shall make great thing and see great wonder , you and i. ( a beat ) tonight . the chateau . a mask ball . come . meet you patron . Claim you future . she unlock the door and open it , revealing Genevieve . for a beat , the two woman star at each other . there 's a whole conversation in they eye . and one of it 's polite . angelique exit , leave Genevieve stare at she husband . ext . lemarchand 's cottage afternoon ( moment later ) as angelique walk from the front door , she pass another figure head to it . it be Auguste who , as the ettiquette of the time demand , bow . angelique acknowledge the bow but both stare at each other curiously as if recognise in the other some kind of enmity and , as Auguste walk on to lemarchand 's front door , we close in on angelique 's eye drilling into he back full of a dark and threaten promise . int . lemarchand 's workroom afternoon lemarchand be gather up he new sketches , rip they up and trash they . Auguste 's voice stop he before he reach the finish design . auguste what be you do ? lemarchand come to my sense . you be right . Fairy tale . trick of the light . auguste never enter politics , Phillip . you skill at lie be particularly poor . Auguste seat himself . he notice a black feather on the floor , look briefly puzzle , and then look at he friend . auguste you have a visitor . lemarchand the princess angelique . auguste yes . I rather think it must have be . ( beat ) since we speak , I have hear many whisper in town of the disappearance of eight gambler . lemarchand and this be evidence of what ? the Hell you do not believe in ? auguste I be a atheist , not a idiot . evil be real , whether it wear horn and shake a trident or flutter its eyelash and turn the head of poor craftsman . lemarchand not poor for long . tonight I go to the chateau . to meet patron and win fame . auguste good. ( off Phillip 's surprised look ) the good man must know he enemy . must look it in the face and understand it . Auguste stand up and head for the door auguste I shall meet you there tonight . and tomorrow we shall both meet the day with new evidence and new understanding . he leave . lemarchand watch he and then look to he work - bench , stare at the cat ’s-cradle design . ext . wood near paris late afternoon . Auguste walk through a desert wood . the sunlight have a strange quality - pregnant with darkness , ready for twilight a large black bird fly and land on a high branch . it seem to be stare at August ... Auguste turn into a clear and suddenly there be a whoosh of sound and a flurry of movement ! Auguste start back with a gasp . the movement resolve into a acrobat tumble through the air in a cartwheel dive and landing upright , grin madly , a foot in front of Auguste . laughter and applause draw Auguste 's eye forward : stretched between two tree be a paint - sheet backdrop . before it , a troupe of clowns , the traditional figure of 18 " century commedia dell 's arte : harelquin , columbine , pierrot , pulcinella , and the surgeon , with four acrobat . they costume be even more exaggerated and bizarre than normal and they all have strange half - smile , as if they posess a secret knowledge . or be close to the border of sanity . the surgeon - a comically grotesque short man with tiny glitter eye and a absurdly full beard - walk forward . surgeon as the day be long , sir , a excellent surprise . and most welcome . ( he bow to Auguste ) you have stumble , sir , upon Europe 's finest comedian . auguste comedian ? here ? on the branch , the Black Bird observe the action . surgeon so it appear , sir , yes . and should we be elsewhere ? auguste I have no idea . I , however , should be . I have a class to teach . surgeon we too have a appointment , sir . but regrettably have eat we map . ( belch ) perhaps you could help . be you a local man , sir ? the day be grow darker . and there 's something increasingly unsettle about the silent unwaver smile of the clown . auguste ( nod ) I be Auguste de marais , philosopher surgeon philosophy ! a fine trade , and never to be confuse with the training of frog , which be - I speak from experience - a much overrate profession . auguste with respect , I have no time to discuss the relative virtue of man 's career . to where do you wish to be direct ? surgeon to the chateau du reve , sir . we be to perform at a great mask ball . auguste you be but a mile away . clear the wood and you shall see it . surgeon ( speak with gratitude ) you kindness must be reward , sir . player ! prepare ! the clown draw two trumpet and a bass drum from a sack auguste I thank you . but you must excuse I . surgeon and leave you unsatisfy , sir ? a unsatisfy audience be the saddest thing in the world , save a one - legge fish in a barrel of pork . auguste I assure you . there be no need . surgeon but I insist . suddenly , from he coat , the surgeon produce two gleam butcher 's knive which he hold upright , one in each hand . the acrobat near Auguste do a back - flip and end up behind the startle philosopher , block he path . surgeon a brief diversion in you busy day , sir . a entertainment entitle you last sight on earth , and guarantee to please . ( to troupe ) Music ! pierrot and pulcinella blow trumpet . a acrobat pound the drum . the music be pierce and discordant . another acrobat somersault swiftly to Auguste and , hold tight by a acrobat on each side , he be carry to the backdrop ... where harlequin and Columbine be in a pantomime argument . harlequin , with angry look and point finger , be accuse . Columbine , with fervent eye and implore hand , be deny . the acrobat bring Auguste on '' stage '' . Columbine gasp . harlequin gesture at he accusingly . Columbine , blush prettily , can deny no longer . stare at Auguste , she hand flutter over she heart and a exaggeratedly dreamy look fill she face . yes , this be she secret lover auguste enough ! let I go !! shock , Columbine and harlequin put they finger to they lip . one of the acrobat stuff a small red ball in August 's mouth to keep he quiet . the Black Bird keep watch as the show continue . harlequin confer silently with the surgeon , now on stage . the surgeon , sympathetic , offer one of he knife . harlequin look at the knife , at Auguste , shake he head . the surgeon produce a duelling pistol from he pocket . harlequin shake he head . the surgeon try again and produce a lobster and some cheese . harlequin give he a look . the surgeon have a bright idea . he point to the sheet backdrop . harlequin nod excitedly and gesture to the two acrobat hold Auguste . the acrobat lift Auguste up into the air , he stifle cry of denial come from behind the ball - gag . a drum-roll and a flourish of a-tonal trumpet ... harlequin and the surgeon each grasp a side of the sheet ... the acrobat swing Auguste through the air ... once ... twice ... the backdrop sheet be whipped away ... revealing a huge maw of hell ! deny physical reality , it tretches back into a dark infinity like a impossible tunnel ened between dimension . circular , ribbed , and pulsing , it esemble a giant oesophagous . the mouth / entrance be a blur of errify activity - hundred of long sharp object rotate ildly like the blade of some vast organic threshing machine ! fatnow - : the Black Bird beat its wing and fly from the branch . uguste be hurl directly at the maw , muffle scream of orror come from he mouth , limb twitching in protest xr > the troupe laugh and applaud as we smash - CUT to black ext . lemarchand 's cottage night the blackness resolve into a night sky above the cottage . int . lemarchand 's bedroom night lemarchand , eye open , be lie with he arm around Genevieve who be asleep . a beat , and he take he arm away , slip quietly from the bed , and begin dress in the semi - darkness . he have not get far before Genevieve sit up in bed . lemarchand I do not want to wake you . I ... genevieve ( interrupt ) you be as automatic as one of you toy ! she turn you key and you perform ! lemarchand you be be ridiculous . you refuse to see what this could mean for we . genevieve I know what she mean for we ! lemarchand you have have I turn my back on fortune because of some petty female jealousy ! genevieve it be not that ! it be not just that . it 's that place . that people . lemarchand '' that people '' be go to give I ... genevieve a son ?! because that 's what I be go to give you , Phillip ! a son . a beat . he stare at she , anger replace by incredulous happiness . he clamber on the bed to fling he arm round he wife , who be somewhere between laughter and tear at the strength of he reaction . lemarchand this be wonderful . be you sure ? ( off she happy nod ) all the more reason I must go . he kiss she forehead and leave the bed again . genevieve no ! you belong here ! with I . with we . lemarchand we belong together . but not here . my son will be bear ina palace ! built by the fortune I go to claim tonight . he fling the bedroom door open and be go . Genevieve stare at the close door , distraught . genevieve no. no ! ext . the chateau do reve night the chateau sit atop its hill garden , frame by a night sky where heavy grey cloud gather oppressively , presage thunder . in the distance , still peddle he ware , the derelict . int . chateau du reve , ballroom night lemarchand enter the ballroom , a space of smoke and laughter and the chink of wine - glass . musician play . Jacques serve drink . there be sixteen guest , eight man , eight woman . all be elaborately masked but the eight man seem familiar - they be the gambler . lemarchand , startle by the grotesque mask and drunken laughter , move through the ballroom , look for angelique . he see movement through a connect door and walk through ... int . chateau du reve , ante - room night ( cont . ) .. into a very dimly - light room with very little furniture . on a small table be the box , a few candle burn around it . a circular rug sit in the centre of the floor angelique 's there , hold a thin wand connect to a bird - mask in front of she face . her mask and costume be black and feature , remind we of the bird that watch Auguste die . lemarchand bow courteously . she place she hand on he arm and move in very close to he . angelique I know you have come . you be a brave man , Phillip . lemarchand not so brave . it would be a foolish man who ignore the promise of success . angelique then the world be full of fool . lemarchand or empty of promise . angelique no . the promise be everywhere . success be limited only by desire . the wise man see that . the brave man act on it . lemarchand then so far I may have be wise . but not yet brave . angelique tilt she beautiful head and pull aside the mask . angelique be brave ... she 's irresistible . they mouth meet in a deep slow kiss ... suddenly , three guest in a drunken gavotte spill in from the ballroom , nearly collide into they . one of they spy angelique 's face . we recognise the voice behind the mask corbusier ah ! we Lady of the labyrinth ! swept into formation , she 's spun out of the room . lemarchand , dizzy from the kiss , be startle by a voice from the shadow . do l’isle ( off ) what do she taste of , toymaker ? De l’isle walk forward , turn up the wick on a oil - lamp he carry to show himself more clearly . unlike he guest , he be unmask - though he face be twisted in suppress rage . lemarchand my apology , you excellency . I think we be alone . do l’isle tasted sweet , do not she ? vanilla . to hide the stench of death . come here . waving the oil -lamp , he beckon lemarchand to the middle of the room . he angle the light down toward the floor ... and yank away the circular rug , revealing a large paint pattern on the wooden slate - a five - point star within a circle . a pentagram . do l’isle that 's what you box be design to replace . that and a few word of Old Latin . such outmode medieval method . lemarchand method of what ? do l’isle ( sneer ) you really do not know what you have get yourself into , do you ? ( a beat ) method of summoning creature from Hell . he lift the light to they face - he amused , lemarchand 's appal . int . lemarchand 's workroom night the camera roam , move to the workbench - where we see again the cat ’s-cradle design - and round to reveal Genevieve . as she scan 's the room , look at Phillip 's design and sketches , she be put on a cloak . her face be set ina determine mask . she 's go to fetch she husband back int . chateau du reve , ante - room night the lamp be on the floor . De l’isle have pick up the box and be bounce it in he hand as he walk towards lemarchand , who back away , both describe a circle around the pentagram . do l’isle I introduce she to you skill . Little do I know that you science be to replace my magic . lemarchand you misunderstand . the princess have offer I more work , that 's all . do l’isle there have be no end of work , toymaker , no end of work . they be full of idea . always have be . but they need a human genius to make they idea manifest . how they must have long for History to deliver they one such as you . face crease with anger , he hurl the box at lemarchand 's face . lemarchand block it , catch it , and look up to see that De l’isle have draw a long and lethal dagger from he belt . do l’isle but I be not ready to retire . ( gesture to the pentagram ) that 's where I summon she . that 's where I x11 send she back ... once I have kill you ! he lunge viciously . lemarchand throw himself back , avoid the knife but lose he foot and fall to the floor De l’isle move sin , tower menacingly above lemarchand ... and be suddenly seize from behind by angelique , whose face be contort in cold fury . she grasp the knife hand and snap he wrist easily ! De l’isle cry out in pain and cringe visibly , back away as angelique advance on he . angelique a true magician never forget the rule . a summon demon be yours to command forever - unless you stand in hell 's way . Hell need this man . and I no longer need you ... she grasp De l’isle by the throat and hoist he impossibly high with one hand ... and effortlessly fling he more than thirty foot to smash through a glass window at the far end of the room ! almost as a afterthought , she click she finger ... and magically , the huge curtain gather up to each side of the window unfurl and close over the shattered glass . lemarchand rise to he foot as she move toward he . angelique Dancing with another . do you toy with my jealousy , Phillip ? ( laugh ) lemarchand be not laugh . he back away from she ... and into the paint pattern of the pentagram . angelique freeze on the edge of the pattern . it 's clear she can not - or will not - enter . she smile beguilingly and hold she arm out to lemarchand . angelique I confess , sir , you kiss have confirm the promise of you eye . I burn for you , my love . come to I . lemarchand ( flat and final ) I think not , Madame . instantly , the siren-side of angelique disappear . she drop she arm and she smile and be all business . angelique well . to commerce . you have a talent . I have a fortune . State you term . lemarchand I think not , Madame . angelique 's face cloud with cold fury . angelique think again , Sir . lemarchand 's silence be eloquent angelique neither pleasure nor fortune persuade you ? then we must try something else . she click she finger as she do before . instantly , the close curtain fly open with a flourish like the curtain of a theatre ... and they do not give on to a shattered window but to a impossibly long corridor disappear into a dark distance . and from it into the room come the troupe of clown . two acrobat blow discordant trumpet and two more beat bass drum . lemarchand stare in shock and fear as the clown produce they knife and smile they maniac smile . suddenly , one of the acrobat frees he bass drum and roll it swiftly at lemarchand . it hit he foot , fall to its side ... ... and reveal that it 's make of human skin - and , in the middle , still hideously recognisable , be the stretched and torture feature of auguste ! lemarchand stagger back - and out of the pentagram ! angelique step in front of he , she face crease in a sadistic grin , as the clown spread out into the room behind she . lemarchand 's eye dart everywhere - judge distance . angelique and what do you think now , sir ? lemarchand I thank God my poor dead friend guide my hand to better work this morning ! angelique what do you mean ? as he answer , angelique 's face cloud in fury and suspicion . lemarchand I mean that everything make may be unmade . that everything open may be close . and suddenly he make he break , run madly for the door to the ballroom before any of the clown can reach he . but , to the sound of angelique 's demonic laughter , the door open from the far side and the eight mask gambler rush in ! lemarchand stop and stare at the gambler ... as they rip the mask from they face , revealing the grotesque pallor and hideous scar of they dead face . angelique as promise , gentleman . a new game ! the face of the zombie gambler break into cruel and hungry grin as they advance toward lemarchand . ext . the chateau du reve , night Genevieve , move through the garden in the moonlit darkness , be press she way through a thicket . we be close on she face ... on she hand ... on she foot ... as a hand suddenly shoot from the undergrowth and grab she ankle ! Genevieve scream and jerk herself free , run furiously up the path towards the front door . behind she , drag himself from the undergrowth , we see De l’isle , badly cut and bruise . at the front door , Genevieve pound on it and get no response . try the handle , she find it 's unlock and let herself in . int . chateau du reve , hallway night ( cont . ) Genevieve pause in the unlit hallway , unsure of where to go . she see a faint light come from a room in the distance . int . chateau du reve , ante - room night Genevieve creep into the room , still light by the oil - lamp and apparently empty except for a bundle of rag on the floor ... which suddenly murmur she name . torture voice Genevieve ... with a cry , Genevieve move nearer to the shape on the floor it be lemarchand , horribly wounded and very close to death . genevieve no ! no! Phillip ! Genevieve fall to she knee , cradling she poor husband 's head in she arm . panic cross what 's leave of lemarchand 's face . he press the box into she hand . lemarchand Genevieve ! get out ! save yourself ! save the child ... angelique ( off ) child ? suddenly , angelique and the gambler be in the room ! delvaux and corbusier grab Genevieve and drag she to she foot . despair cross lemarchand 's face and he finally die . genevieve Phillip !! ( sob ) angelique move to Genevieve , sadistic triumph on she face . genevieve what kind of monster be you ?! angelique the careful kind . Phillip lemarchand can have no child . his bloodline must die with he lest he genius be reborn and turn against we . genevieve no ! you can not ! angelique believe I , I can . finger bent into claw , she move toward Genevieve ... suddenly De l’isle hurtle into frame , seize angelique ! with the advantage of surprise and momentum , he propel both himself and the princess into the pentagram where , before any of the gambler can react , he shout out a Latin revocation . do l’isle exeunt omnia malefica ! all the gambler devolve instantly into human - shape tower of worm , each a mass of pink and brown writhe shape which drop to the floor , where they wrigglings be overtaken by a collective transformation into lump of primal ooze ... which , in turn , become pile of dry dust which , seize by supernatural wind , be sweep away into nothingness . simultaneously , angelique scream ... and expand , she body morphing impossibly into a huge mass of demonic eye and scream demonic mouth - a even more nightmarish version of the revelation she give the gambler the previous night ! there be a blinding flash of light ... and suddenly , Genevieve be completely alone in the room . still hold she husband 's box and completely freak out by all she have see , she turn and flee . ext . chateau do reve night as Genevieve turn into the street , she be startle by the derelict . he go into he usual rap . derelict wonder , madam ? spice of the orient ? perfume from far cathay ? Genevieve look at he . she look at the box in she hand . she look at the chateau and its memory of evil . she hand the box to the startle and delighted derelict and leave . int . chateau du reve , ante - room night series of close - ups : a hand light many candle . the pentagram be sprinkle with salt . a ancient-look book be open to a page of Latin manuscript . Latin word be intone monosyllabically . and there be a burst of light ... and angelique be back within the pentagram . she look startle , glance round the room , confuse . Jacques , the apprentice , be stand outside the pentagram . it be he who have stage the ritual . jacque welcome , princess . angelique you ? you summon I ? jacque and he who summon the magic , command the magic . you belong to I . forever . angelique 's face fall . have she great ambition come to this ? jacque and I will never make De l’isle 's mistake , princess . Count on that . he begin to laugh as he draw she from the pentagram and stroke she face in proprietory lust . ext . the atlantic ocean day a large wood - build sailing ship head west . super-imposed : the clipper '' liberte '' , en route to new york . int . '' liberte '' , SMALL cabin day the very pregnant Genevieve sit sin she tiny cabin . she be read intently in a small leather - bound volume . on the cover be the word Le Journal de Phillip lemarchand . we see the concentration on she face and the scrawle and detailed handwrite that fill the volume 's page . the room contain suitcase , trunk , one of lemarchand 's creation ( perhaps the monkey - musician ) ... and a large document stretch out on the cabin 's tiny table . it 's the cat ’s-cradle design . we track in to a extreme close up , closer and closer until the blackness of a single ink line fill the screen ... int . blackness / dream-space ... and suddenly the blackness be replace by a rapid montage of image . at first , the image be familiar - it 's like a fast - forward through the story we have just see : the box , nightmare clown , Zombie gambler , angelique 's face , etc . then other be add to the mix - - a half - glimpse cenobite beast , terrifying but shadow . - a grandmother ( vaguely familiar - like Genevieve at 75 ) look down as if speak to a child 's pov . grandmother you be the one , johnny . you be the one they have be wait for ... - Elevator door clanging together and a void behind they . the image flick back and forth , faster and faster , achieve a nightmare crescendo , until suddenly the blackness be back and we hear a male voice scream ... int . merchant 's apartment , bedroom night and we track out of the scream mouth of JOHN merchant . it 's 4 a.m. and John blink he nightmare away as he wife , bobbi , click on a bedside light to reveal a modern - day apartment bedroom . bobbi honey ? you okay ? another dream ? JOHN yeah . another dream . or the same one . bobbi be a attractive mid - 20 's woman . John be ... very familiar look . in fact , apart from the 20° century haircut he 's a dead ringer for Phillip lemarchand . suddenly , the sound of more scream . not John this time . JOHN oh shit . I wake Jack . again . bobbi 's already out of bed . John get up and follow she through to ... int . merchant 's apartment , jack 's room ( cont . ) the bedroom of jack , they seven - year - old , who , wake and disturb by he father 's scream , be sit on he bed . bobbi and John rush over to he , bobbi comforting he with a embrace while John look apologetically distress . bobbi there , there , sweetie . it 's okay . JOHN I be sorry , partner . do not be scared . just daddy have bad dream again . bobbi and dream can not hurt you , darling . JOHN they can not hurt anybody . bobbi have get Jack back beneath the cover . he 's already sleepy again but he look up at he father jack not even you , daddy ? JOHN no . no , not even I . Jack 's eye close as bobbi stroke he brow . he seem comfort by he father 's assurance but , as bobbi and John find each other 's worried eye , we see that they be less sure than they word imply . ext . chateau du reve day the chateau look identical to when we last see it - except that it now stand in 20th century surroundings . dissolve to : int . chateau du reve , ante -room day the ante-room be now decorate as a modern - day live room . Jacques and angelique be there . angelique , unchange by the century , be as beautiful as ever Jacques , too , look the same but there be a terrible corrupt decadence in he eye . he be sit at a table messily finish a greasy meal . angelique watch in disgust . angelique do you know what I loathe about you most ? jacque ( between mouthful ) '' do you know what I loathe about you most , master ? '' angelique master . it 's you lack of ambition . have you seek power ? influence ? Fame ? no. you ... Jacques have a last swallow , belch , and interrupt . jacque shut up . angelique fall silent . jacque do the dish . angelique wave a hand . the grease-stain plate and cup be suddenly sparkling - clean and neatly stack on the table . jacque ( put a cigarette in he mouth ) Light I . another wave . the cigarette tip glow magically into life . Jacques take a deep satisfy drag and look at she jacque goo . now get down on you hand and knee and ask I to hurt you . and ask nicely . angelique 's enraged eye do not stop she body from do as it 's tell . Jacques smile cruelly as he cross toward she ... int . merchant apartment day bobbi and John sit at the breakfast table . bobbi throw a glance to check Jack be sufficiently engross in he toy over at the far end of the room and then turn to John . bobbi you look terrible . JOHN ( smile ) Love you , too . bobbi I be worried . you should see someone . JOHN you know I have have they all my life . bobbi as often ? as bad ? ( John shake he head ) it 's you goddam grandmother . JOHN she be a wonderful woman . bobbi she be a weird woman . all that storey . how important you family be . how important you be . she put stuff in you mind , John . JOHN not all of it . there 's stuff there that feel like ... memory . impossible memory . and they do not just haunt my dream . they haunt my work . everything I have do ... he trail off , as if it 's impossible to explain . bobbi I do not want you haunt . I do not want you hurt . JOHN it 's not that . it 's stress . this Award banquet tonight . I hate shit like that . bobbi ( smile proudly ) then you should not be so good . JOHN I be not . I be not even sure I deserve the award . bobbi right . that 's why of all the building in the country , yours be vote the best . bobbi pick up a magazine from the table and throw it to he . JOHN hey , I do not say I be not better than everyone else . I just say I could be better . I could have make it perfect . close on John as he pick up the magazine and we CUT to ... int . chataeu du reve , ante -room day .. close on a magazine cover with a photo of John in the lobby of a building . we see the lobby at the end of hellraiser III . the massive mural that cover the wall be all base on the lament configuration . cover - copy over the photo read La nouvelle décor americain : John merchant et su chef de 1 's oeuvre . pull back to reveal angelique hold the magazine . she be stare , stunne , at John and the lobby . her finger trace over the cover . angelique ( to herself ) at last . a purpose . a reason ... her reverie be interrupt by the sound of Jacques 's entrance . she lay the magazine down and look across at he . angelique I be restless . and you be bored . why do not we take a trip ? jacque we take a trip . India . angelique that be in 1949 ! I think we should see America . jacque screw America . all they want to talk about be how they win the war for we . angelique then I would like you permission to go by myself . jacque no . angelique short and to the point . be that you final word ? jacque yes . angelique good . there 's something in how she say that that get Jacques 's attention . he look at she searchingly . angelique you remember De laslesle 's mistake ? the one you say you have never make ? a smile be bloom on angelique 's face . Jacques 's jaw drop . his eye flick nervously from side to side . angelique you seem tense . in need of relaxation . why not ask I to do something vile and degrade ? that usually work . Jacques 's fear grow . jacque angelique ... I ... please ... angelique you be blubber like a little boy , master . ( pause ) Act you age . and he do . with a snap of she finger , Jacques suddenly begins to age - a second for every year he have live . within moment , he be a wrinkle , toothless , rheumy - eye old man . jacque no ! no , please ! it hurt !! angelique a summon demon be yours to command forever . unless you stand in Hell 's way . Hell 's game be afoot in America . I have send you a post - card , but ... the process continue . Jacques be impossibly ancient - 150 year old , 180 , 200 ... jacque aaargh !!!! angelique you will not be around to read it . for a second , the 230 - year old Jacques stand stare in horror at angelique , and then finally collapse , crumble to the floor like a long - dead corpse ! ext . the build night a office- building frame against the sky . a line of limo deposit smartly - dress people beside the forecourt from off , the sound of applause ... time - dissolve int . the build , lobby night the lobby - dominate by its magnificent box -like mural - be set up for the award banquet . many dining table fill the centre of the space before a raiser platform on which stand a lectern with a microphone and a computer console . the invite guest be finish coffee and be applaud as John approach the lectern . John look around at the sea of face . he 's nervous . not a public man . he clear he throat and lean to the mike . JOHN erm ... well ... thanks . nervous laugh from John . supportive laugh from the audience . JOHN I have always think the applause of you peer be the best kind of applause so I be particularly touch by you response and by the award . I think that ... well , when I ... what I be try to say ... ah , if I have be any good with word I would have write book . I make thing . and you be sit in the middle of something I make . so i’1l let it do my talk , if that 's okay . John turn to the console on the lectern and key something in . member of the audience look puzzle . they glance at each other . they glance at John . they glance at the wall of the lobby . a sense of embarassment be grow ... replace by a sense of awe : cue by a very quiet engine - like noise , the audience turn to look at the back wall . frame high in the centre of a otherwise blank wall be a large square - shape box -like design - which begin to move ! by some clever trick of engineering , the design within change constantly . it 's almost like they be look at a animated film image , except the design be physically move . gasp and cry of delight burst from the audience and a huge wave of appreciative applause fill the lobby . JOHN see , the building be ready for occupancy before this be finish . John 's voice fill the hall but people be not listen to he . they be lose in the splendour of he creation . JOHN I feel kind of fraudulent take this award because ... because ... John be blink , lose he train of think . something 's the matter . we see the lobby from he Pov - - it 's too dazzle , too impressive . light , bounce off the move panel , glitter and reflect off the metallic surface of the other mural . they refract and reflect in a almost blind coruscation of light . the sound in the room take on a artificial echo , laughter and applause reverberate like in a bad acid-trip . John stumble for he word , bemuse and bedazzle . JOHN see , it 's still not finish ... not perfect ... there be ... I ... John , blink and twitching , glance round the room through he distort perspective . he 's try to find something to anchor on , something to stop the confusion of sight and sound . angle on bobbi and Jack in the audience . bobbi 's look concerned at the podium . it 's clear John can not see she bobbi ( to Jack ) C ’mon , honey . she help Jack to he foot and begin to lead he away . jack be not wee wait for daddy ? bobbi we be get the car , sweetheart . daddy want to leave . angle on John , still confuse and disorient . he put a hand to he forehead to shield he eye . what 's happen to he ? suddenly , he eye lock on a face in the crowd - a face that , unlike every other in the room , be stare directly at he . it 's angelique . John stare at this beguile , smile woman in confusion . who be she ? where do he know she from ? angelique 's mysterious know stare do not falter . finally , John look away to mumble into the mike . JOHN er... so , thanks . thanks ... he step off the platform , head spin , and walk rapidly away toward the exit door ext . the build night John stagger out onto the desert forecourt and move to the edge of the sidewalk , turn he head up to the night to gulp in some air and get himself steady . angelique exit through the revolve door . she 's many yard behind John and unseen by he . she spot John and , face set in threaten determination , head rapidly towards he ... suddenly , a uniform valet - parker step right in she path . valet ma ’am - do you have you ... ? angelique 's concentration be break for a second . she stare angrily at the valet and push he aside . valet hey ... angelique look back to where John be ... only to see he disappear into the back of a limo . snarl in frustration , angelique watch the limo pull away . time - dissolve int . the build , lobby night it 's later . the lobby be all but desert . uniformed help stack table and chair . Three or four straggling guest hover near the door ready to leave . one guest , sharpe , a 40 year old man , glance round the lobby . a figure in the shadow at the far end catch he eye . it 's angelique . she fix sharpe 's gaze with a look at once challenging and invite . sharpe look to right and leave . nobody be pay any attention to either he or this beautiful stranger . with a small maybe- I -just -got -lucky smile , he make he way across the lobby . cross -fade to int . service statrwell night angelique lead sharpe down a dimly - light stairwell towards the basement of the building . sharpe at least tell I you name . angelique do we really need to know each other 's name ? sharpe a mystery woman , eh ? angelique be not you excited by mystery ? sharpe oh yeah . you bet . they have reach a door at the bottom of the stairwell . sharpe reach for angelique . she pull away , gesture at the door angelique in here . sharpe ( open the door ) you seem pretty familiar with this place . they walk through the door ... int . the build , basement - cont . into the basement of the building . angelique no . I be just follow my instinct . sharpe I too . angelique do not mean quite what he think ; she 's glance round like a hound on the scent . unerringly , she head for a large bare concrete pillar at the corner of the basement . she lay she hand on it , barely - conceal excitement on she face . angelique do you like game ? sharpe ( can not believe he luck ) you be a dream . angelique almost . Close you eye . trust I . sharpe close he eye . angelique press she hand against the pillar and push through the solid concrete , the stone crumble into grey dust around she probing hand ! angle on sharpe , eye still close . sharpe can I look now ? angelique you can look now . sharpe open he eye . angelique be hold she hand out to he . resting in she palm be the box . angelique time to play another game . int . merchant 's apartment , bedroom night John lie asleep with bobbi , who be propped up look at he with a concerned expression . John 's face twitches slightly and he eye move in rem . camera track into he face and dissolves to ... int . live room , mid - 1960 be ( JOHN 's dream-memory ) a seven - year old boy ( JOHN ) sit on the floor , sketching and cartoon on myriad piece of paper leave a group of other adult , the grandmother from the earlier dream walk over to he . she look at he drawing and gasp . they be all childish and untutor rendition of box design and cat 's - cradle design . close on grandma 's face , as from a child 's Pov . grandmother you be the one , johnny . the one they have be wait for suddenly , interrupt the dream like a startling and subconscious editing device , there be a dazzling burth of light like the dizzying light of the lobby . when we return , it be clearly another time . the room be sombre . the child 's Pov camera move through many black - clad adult to reach ... a coffin , laid out in the live room as in the european tradition of family wake . John 's grandmother , dead , be in it . the Pov peer into the coffin at she 7 year old JOHN ( of for ) grandma ... you say you have tell I . you say you have explain ... again , the dazzling light jolt we - and we smash - CUT to : int . merchant 's apartment , bedroom night John 's eye jerk open in panic . before he can scream or cry out , bobbi be there - stroking he brow , kissing he face hold he . bobbi honey , I be here . I be here . it 's okay . JOHN ( half - whisper ) be it ? he move into bobbi 's safe and comforting embrace , but he word seem to echo in the room . int . the build , basement night sharpe be sit cross -legge on the floor , work the box with intense concentration . angelique be behind he , rub he shoulder in encouragement . angelique I have such sight to show you . Mystery . wonder ... the box suddenly fly from sharpe 's hand and he watch in surprise as it complete its movement . sharpe now ? angelique now . angelique straighten up and stand back ... whooosh ! the chain fly from the box and rip into sharpe 's flesh as he scream in agony . the basement be suddenly flood in supernatural blue light and a space open ahead of they , a shadow space seem to give onto vast region beyond ... emerging from the shadow come pinhead , the Black Pope of hellraiser I , ii & III , back - light , stately , but terrifying . and he 's not alone . something prowl in the shadow behind pinhead , pace back and forth like a cage predator something big , vicious , and hungry . we can not see it clearly yet ( and will not for another few scene ) but its barely glimpse presence be horrifying enough . sharpe no! no !!! what 's happen ?! ! sharpe , wounded and bleed , stagger to he foot , the chain from the box rip clear of he flesh . do this mean he 's go to get away ? no . another chain fly from the shadow beyond , anchor itself viciously into sharpe 's neck , yank he off he foot , and pull he rapidly into the shadow . his scream mingle with the roar of the thing in the shadow ... and then both be cut off abruptly as the space be be - seal , leave pinhead alone with angelique . for a beat , they regard each other . angelique look both surprised and disappointed at the sight of pinhead . angelique thing seem to have change . I be expect my clown . pinhead Hell be more order since you time , princess . and much less amusing . his tone carry a hint of disapproval at this figure from Hell 's past . it 's already clear that this two be not go to like each other . angelique I be in favour of efficiency , demon . but I can not abide dullness . pinhead look around the pretty dull basement space . pinhead then why be we here ? angelique come with I . CUT to : int . the build , lobby night angelique and pinhead be in the desert lobby . pinhead look at the box-like mural and then focuss on the back wall with its move panel . pinhead the box do this ? angelique a man do this - but the box call he . call to he blood . pinhead be hardly listen , lose in the movement of the panel as if wait for something ... angelique his ancestor make the box . and would have unmade all of we . I kill he ... the panel move into a new pattern . pinhead stare , excited ... angelique but fail to kill he offspring . now I fear he genius be reborn . as , for a brief moment , blue light crackle over the panel - and then disappear as the pattern move on . pinhead look at angelique contemptuously . pinhead you have be away too long , princess . fear be for human . angelique merchant must die before he prove you wrong . pinhead he 'il die . but not yet . imagine that panel freeze in the position of a moment ago . this be not a room - it 's a holocaust wait to wake itself . angelique look round the lobby . angelique a lament configuration ? on this scale ? pinhead a vast and permanent gateway to the field of human flesh . angelique use merchant be play with fire . pinhead raise a eyebrow . pinhead how entirely appropriate . ext . merchant 's design studio day a old warehouse district yuppify into a design area . one of the building house John 's design studio . dissolve to : int . merchant 's studio day ( cont . ) a big open-plan loft - space with partition office , the biggest of which be John 's own . frame drawing , design , and photograph cover the wall show building and space John have work on in the past as well as project in development . a thematic motif run through every piece of work . in one way or another and to a great or lesser extent , each design show a influence from either the lament configuration or from lemarchand 's cat '' - cradle design for the box '' opposite . it 's as if John 's gene - pool be speak through he unconscious . frame on a wall in John 's office be lemarchand 's design itself , the original document bring to America by Genevieve . John be stand with he back to he door as a assistant show in a visitor and leave . JOHN ( turn ) take a seat , I 'il be ... he stop , stunne , as he find himself look at angelique . she hold he gaze . for a beat , it 's almost as if he 's ina trance - like state . his voice be small and confuse . JOHN I ... I know you ... angelique cross to he and hold out she hand . he shake it , blink himself back into something approach normality . angelique you have no idea what a pleasure it be to meet you . again . JOHN you be there . last night . angelique walk around the office , look at the design . angelique oh yes . this be all very good . you be the one we have be wait for . John react to this echo of the phrase we have hear he grandmother say in dream . JOHN who be you ? angelique a friend , I hope . a client , I be sure . John stare at she as she reach the frame cat ’s-cradle design . for a all - but-subliminal flash , she look different - she hair and makeup more like she 18 ' century self . angelique take a quick breath at the sight of the design as if there 's something disturbing or dangerous about it . angelique this be yours ? JOHN no . it 's be in the family for century . I be ... work on something base on it . I ... angelique May I see it ? JOHN nobody 's see it . angelique then let I be the first . it ’1ll be we secret . John - under the same kind of hypnotic sway he ancestor once be with this woman - click on the computer on he desk and a 3-d simulation come onto the monitor it look like a art-installation in a gallery space . the six face of the box be set at various angle . JOHN something I want to do with mirror and laser ... angelique stare fascinate at the screen . John stare fascinate at angelique . again , a flash or a blurring of this reality and the past . very brief . on the screen , beam of light suddenly burst from the six face , echoing the line draw from the face in the original design . the beam meet , merge and reflect in the centre of the simulate space , coalesc into a beautiful light - sculpture - which be a luminous 3 - D echo of the cat 's cradle . the beam from the six face blink off , leave the luminescent cat 's cradle hover in the middle of the simulate room . angelique stare at it , fascinate and horrify . JOHN see , in theory it 's possible . perpetual light . trapped light feed off its own reflection . he click the monitor off . JOHN but I could never make it work . I have get a few second , then it have blink out . angelique , visibly relieved at the disappearance of the image walk away from the desk into the room . angelique sometimes a few second be more than enough , toymaker JOHN what do you call I ? who be you ? angelique you think you do not remember . but you blood know . let it remind you . and suddenly the image in front of John transform . angelique remain precisely where she be but she be dress in the style of the 18 ' century and the room around she be not John 's office but the ante-chamber of the chateau du reve . John blink and the image dissolves back to the present . JOHN ( almost unconsciously ) angelique ... angelique give a delighted laugh . she smile beguilingly . angelique you know I from dream , John merchant . John lemarchand . we have a history together . we have a destiny together angelique 's manner be as hypnotically seductive as it be with Phillip century before , the room 's light fade around she John have to fight a spin head to answer . JOHN I do not believe in destiny . angelique you think you work on the building be a accident ? it call to you , John . she cross the room to he , she beautiful eye never leave he face . she stroke he cheek . angelique we have great work to do . I shall be in touch . she turn and leave , John stare after she incredulous and fascinate . ext . the build evening the building frame against a twilight sky . int . the build , top -floor corridor evening a elevator door at the far end open and valerie dyson , a uniform Security Officer , exit and walk up the corridor . she 's about 40 and be speak into a cell - phone . valerie I know , honey . homework 's always suck . and I be help . see , you do the work and get the grade . and I walk round empty building and get the money . and , between we , we send you to college . you get it ? it 's teamwork to the crackle of a replying child on the cell - phone , Valerie reach a door to a office suite . valerie yeah . yeah . yeah . listen , honey , I have gotta check on something . i’1l see you later , okay ? I love you . she holster the cell - phone and go in . int . the build , office - suite evening ( cont . ) Valerie look around the large room , puzzle . it 's strangely - light - a single pool of light near the front dissolve into shadow beyond . she exhales - and she breath be visible in the unnaturally chilly air . a single table be in the room . on it be the box . valerie hello ? from the shadow angelique emerge into the little light Valerie be instantly alert and on-guard . valerie ma ’am - the building be close . and this office be vacant . angelique not any more . valerie you have rent it ? angelique arrangement have be make . valerie well , I have hear nothing about it . i’1l have to ... angelique ( interrupt ) you 'il have to leave . my colleague and I be in conference . colleague ? Valerie look deeper into the room ... in the far shadow , we suddenly sense another brood presence . and sound come faintly - disturbing sound , like the rattling of chain . Valerie look back at angelique , at the secret amusement on she face . the atmosphere be increasingly uncomfortable . angelique perhaps we can deal with this tomorrow ? Valerie pause , then nod she head nervously . screw this . she 's get a kid to get through school . she do not need any trouble . she back out of the room .. int . HOTEL corridor evening ( cont . ) close the door in front of she . she turn and head down to the elevator . halfway , something make she look back . she gasp . the area by the office-suite door be suddenly dark as if blackness be bleed from the room into the corridor . and then she hear the sound of the door open ... and she 's rush to the elevator and hit the button . the elevator door open and she run in , only then turn to look back ... she scream . the beast that prowled in the shadow behind pinhead earlier be in the corridor by the office door . semi - human but four-legged , it 's like something the scientist at cenobite Central make as a joke from what be leave of a man and what be leave of a dog after a particularly nasty car crash . Valerie jab frantically at the first - floor button . for a freeze second the Beast - whose eye be only black pit and who locate its prey by smell and sound - '' stare '' down the corridor at she . then it launch itself . its speed be terrifying . braying like a hyena , its hurtle impossibly forward defy all law of gravity , run up and down the wall , across the ceiling , over the floor valerie no !! noooo !!! at the very last second - just as the bestial face be inch from the open door , its tooth chatter together at incredible speed ( show a distinct family resemblance to pinhead 's old ally the chatterer , though at a horribly devolve level ) - the elevator door slam shut ! int . HOTEL elevator evening ( cont . ) to the SOUND of the Beast scrabbling against the outer door , the elevator cabin begin to move downward . valerie oh , thank God ! thank God !! she look at the floor display above the door . the electronic numeral show the pass floor : 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 her panicked breathe finally slow , she move toward the door as she floor approach ... but the elevator do not stop . and the number keep descend : 1 , 0 , - 1 , - 2 , - 3 her finger stab repeatedly at the first floor button . valerie shit. c’mon . c’mon ! the number keep descend : - 4 , - 5 , - 6 her finger reach forward again ... and suddenly the elevator 's speed increase horribly ! Valerie be throw from she foot as the cabin rocket downward . the quiet hum of the lift machinery become a screeching howl and the lcd display be a scarlet blur of impossible number as the cabin speed down ... down ... down ... and Valerie scrabble at the wall , try impossibly to clamber up they to avoid the inevitable crash ... and then the cabin stop . stop suddenly and jarringly , but without the explosive bone - crush finality we expect . the howl of the machinery 's over , lcd a burn-out . and Valerie be in the centre of the cabin freeze in shock . be it over ? unfortunately not . the door start to glow red - hot as if unbelievable furnace burn somewhere just beyond its fragile protection ... simultaneously , hideous sound begin to drift in from outside - nightmarish sound of indescribable agony and unspeakable joy grow in intensity and volume by the second . I think we know where Valerie have land , do not we ? the door ping as if to signal its arrival and its imminent open . which be not something she 's keen to see . valerie oh god. no. no ! she press she hand on it in a terrify attempt to stop it . valerie aaaaahhh ! ! ! she stagger back , scream in agony and stare at she palm - which be horribly blister . there 's nothing she can do - except to stare in horror at the door and wait for it to open ... and the floor of the cabin give way ! split along the centre , it open wide in less then a second and she drop helplessly out of sight into the terrible black void below ... int . black void angle upward / valerie 's Pov - blackness all around and the sense of dizzyingly fast descent . up above - and fast recede - be the single square of light which be the elevator cabin see through its open floor ... valerie noooooooo !!!!! smaller and smaller grow this last precious glimpse of light until suddenly even it be cut off as the floor slam back into place and all be darkness and terror int . the build , office suite evening angelique and pinhead stand in the shadow . somewhere beyond they , we hear the impatient prowling of the Beast . pinhead where be merchant ? angelique all but in my grasp . pinhead sneer in dismissive impatience . pinhead I have have what be leave of he mouth begging to work for we by now ! angelique you Hell have forget not only chaos and laughter but the slow delight of temptation . pinhead I have harvest more soul than you could dream of and they suffer be with I always . that be a slow delight . angelique turn angrily and head for the door . pinhead speak back to she . pinhead you method be outmode , angelique . Hell be mine . adjust , or ... angelique turn back in the open door and interrupt . angelique I will have merchant ! she exit ... int . the build , top -floor corridor ( cont . ) and slam the door behind she . she walk away . angelique ( to herself ) and I will have Hell . my Hell ! int . the build , office - suite evening pinhead look at the close door , amused . he step further forward into the room and stand , concentrate . slowly , supernaturally , the space around he change in nature . the light alter , the shadow shift ... the room feel like a chamber of hell , a place whose shadow seem to give on to unseen vista from where terrible sound emanate . the Beast prowl the perimeter of the room . other cenobite be half oglimpse in the blue shadow . like a general adress he troops or the Pope bring he Cardinals up to speed , pinhead address they . pinhead I grow impatient with the princess . human acquiescence be obtain as easily by terror as by temptation ... int . the build , lobby evening angelique walk through the desert lobby . she pause in the centre and look up at the back wall 's move panel . then she eye flick from corner to corner of the room , from face to face of the huge box -like mural , and back to the centre of the room as if judge angle , judge distance ... we see she mind work . she 's see something here , something that pinhead know nothing about ... int . merchant 's apartment , bedroom night track into John 's dream face . dissolve to : dreamspace - the simulated light-sculpture we see on he computer spin , free-floating against a dream - like one - coloured background . - his grandmother 's face . grandmother you be the one they have be wait for - angelique 's face . angelique you be the one we have be wait for . ext . the build , forecourt ( that moment ) close on angelique stand in the night . closer still on she eye , narrowing in concentration as if project thought ... dreamscape - angelique and John , naked and entwine , make love . John be sexually aggressive , he hand twisted tight in she hair angelique 's voice echoes over and over angelique whatever you want ... whatever you want ... whatever you want ... - the camera pan from the lover to find a 18 ' century automaton ( like that lemarchand make ) : a beautiful woman who courtsey and bow she head . as she lift it again , the face be suddenly terrifying and demonic ! a jarring , startling ringing SOUND ! int . merchant 's apartment , bedroom dawn the ringing be the bedside phone . John blink awake in shock and grab at the phone as bobbi peer at he from sleepy eye . bobbi what time be it ? who the hell be that ? JOHN ( into phone ) hello ? angelique ( on phone ) good morning , toymaker John spin half - out of bed to sit on the side , press the phone tight to he ear . bobbi , leave back on she side of the bed and exclude from the call , stare at John 's back , troubled . we can now only hear John 's half of the conversation , which give nothing away . JOHN ( ad - 1ib ) yeah ... uh-huh ... ok ... etc . John replace the phone and turn back to bobbi 's curious eye . JOHN a client . he 's japanese . no sense of time . Business , business . he reach over and stroke bobbi 's brow . JOHN go back to sleep . it 's early . each lie on they side away from each other . and each keep they eye open - bobbi 's worried , John 's guilty , troubled . ext . warehouse / design district day the area of town that house John 's business . angle on a warehouse convert to a Art Gallery . dissolve to : int . art gallery day a few customer weave in and out of the various alcove and room within the huge ground - floor space . John stand in front of a large canvas . he sense a presence nearby and turn . it 's angelique . they smile in greeting . JOHN I do not know why I be here . angelique yes you do . her eye lock on he . her gaze be challenging and invite . John stare at she , lose in she beauty , she sexuality , she blatant availability . angelique whatever you want ... John react to this echo from he erotic dream . she smile . angelique be we good together ? a beat . JOHN yes . angelique I know we would be . I have always know . she take he arm and lead he further into the gallery . int . merchant 's apartment day bobbi , support a over - fill laundry basket , be at the apartment door talk to Jack , who be on the floor work on a model kit with profound seriousness . bobbi mommy x11 be five minute , honey . okay ? jack ( eye not leave he kit ) shh , mom . I be concentrate . bobbi grin and maneuver herself out of the apartment . int . laundry corridor day a neon light flicker on the ceiling . another 's dead . there 's a opressive silence as bobbi walk towards the laundry - room . a sharp noise ! she spin round . the detergent on top of the clothes topple . she grab it . there 's nothing behind she but a atmosphere of forebode remain as she reach the Laundry room . she cast another glance down the corridor as she go in . nothing , just the flicker and the silence . int . laundry room day ( cont . ) the laundry-room - a bank of wash machine , a table , couple of plastic chair , and a bank of dryer - be empty . but as bobbi go through the routine - open two washer , load they , count she quarter , sprinkle the powder - the creepy atmosphere that we feel in the corridor continue . suddenly - thwap ! thwap ! thwap ! - a terrible beat sound fill the air . bobbie jump and cry out . what be it ? through the window , we see a pigeon . the sound be merely its wing beat against the glass . it fly off . bobbi sigh and continue . but the edgy atmosphere remain . we feel as if there 's a presence on the edge of we sense , something watch and wait . something malign . perhaps it 's the shadow in the room . do they move at the corner of we vision ? the feel persist . a sense of imminence . something be go to happen . something bad . bobbi hit the start button and straighten up . she glance round the room again . nothing . she 's be silly . and then she glance upwards , as if think . suddenly she 's certain ... bobbi ( fearful whisper ) Jack ... and she 's go . ignoring the basket , she 's out the room . int . laundry -room corridor day ( cont . ) the neon flicker as bobbi run to the door to the stair ... int . stair between floors day ( cont . ) and hurtle up the one flight to they apartment floor sound swell on the soundtrack - a banging like a angry fist on a apartment wall and a muffled voice raise in anger and something else . a low hellish rumbling on the very edge of perception - like a distant echo of unimaginable machine indescribably vast and inexpressibly malicious . bobbi heave open the door to they corridor , run out ... int . corridor to merchant 's apartment day ( cont . ) and suddenly slow , stare ahead , she face apall . pulse shaft of blue light be visible beneath and behind the apartment door . the low rumble be louder now . something have come to she home . and it 's behind she door . with she child . further down the corridor , the thumping continue . elderly neighbour ( of for ) stop it ! be quiet ! I have call the Police ! ( etc , ad- lib ) bobbi run to she door , no think for she own safety ... bobbi Jack ! only that of she child . she open the door int . merchant 's apartment day ( cont . ) the front room 's empty . Jack 's model kit lie crush on the floor ! the blue light be from the open door to the next room . bobbi Jack ? Jack !! terror mount , the Blue Light play across she face , bobbi head for the other room ... only to stop as Jack walk out into the doorway . bobbi do not take time to notice the strange , stunne look on he face . bobbi Jack ! thank God . come here . jack I can not , mommy . he will not let I . one of Jack 's arm be stretch out back into the room and , as bobbi move forward and the angle change , we see why . pinhead be hold the boy 's hand ! bobbi scream as the demon smile cruelly at she bobbi get you hand off he ! pinhead young. unform . what appetite I could teach he . what endless hunger he could learn . bobbi rush forward . pinhead jab a forbid finger pinhead stay ! bobbi give he to I !! please , please !! pinhead you suffer beautifully . but we be here for business , not pleasure . bobbi what ?! just tell I what you want !! pinhead look from she to Jack and back . he smile . pinhead I want bait . live bait . fade to black int . art gallery day angelique and John walk into a partition space in the gallery . it house some large video-installation and , apart from the light from the bank of monitor , be dark there be a single view bench . nobody be in there . angelique pause and look up at John . she 's wait . JOHN ( try to stay rational ) I have dream of you . not just last night . for year . but ... but when I wake up , it 's bobbi who 's there . bobbi . angelique say nothing , do nothing . she 's still wait . John blink , as if fight a powerful spell . with each blink , a flash image - the box , the cat 's -cradle , grandma , bobbi ... but it 's no good . the spell be too strong . he lean down ... and they kiss . they arm wrap around each other slowly and they press they body together in a passionate embrace . still kissing , they sink onto the bench . they hand roam each other 's body . John lower he head , kissing she neck and shoulder . she put she hand to the back of he head , push he lower . he kiss she breast wildly . encourage by she moan , he slip he hand beneath she skirt . angelique 's head be throw back in pleasure . it 's clear that this be not just hellish seduction . she 's get off on it too . her eye half - close , she mouth half -open ... ... and something else begin to happen . her guard down , she blood inflame , she passion pulsing , she begin unknowingly to slip she mask of humanity . it 's subtle at first , a strange de - focus effect that blur she feature as she face begin to twitch in more than passion . carry away by John 's intimate caress , she be move into a pre-orgasmic state , she breathe heavy and animal - like . John raise he head , he hand still lose between she leg ... and gasp in shock as he look at she face . angelique 's eye be solid mass if glistening blackness ! JOHN my God ! he leap to he foot in shock and fear , back away . angelique , ecstasy turn to frustration and rage , throw back she head and roar . her mouth be fanged and demonic ! realising what she look like , angelique wave a arm at the bank of monitor and they blow out en masse , plunging the room into shadow darkness ! John turn and run , flee the partition space as angelique 's transformation climax in the darkness , give we a shadow sense of she terrible appearance . John flee through the rest of the gallery - stare at strangely by the other customer . ext . apartment build dusk it 's later . night be fall as John 's car pull up and John get out and run to the building . CUT to : int . apartment build corridor night John move down the corridor - and freeze . the door to John 's apartment have across it a series of yellow tape with black letter spelling out crime scene do not cross . JOHN oh Christ . he rush forward and open the door , rip the tape aside . JOHN : bobbi ?! Jack ?!! int . merchant 's apartment night ( cont . ) John rush round the apartment . no sign of disturbance . but no bobbi . and no Jack . he cry out to the empty room ... JOHN what happen ?! what happen ?! ! his eye go to the back of the front door . tack to it be the rip - off magazine cover feature he building . grandmother ( off , echoed , ghostly ) you be the one they have be wait for as he look at it , the whole cover suddenly begin to pour with blood ! John get the message . int . build , top -floor office - suite night bobbi and Jack crouch on the floor of the office , they breath visible in the supernaturally cold air . bobbi hug Jack protectively in the pool of light , while in the threaten shadow beyond , we hear the pad and the prowling of the half - see circle Beast which guard they . the box still sit on the table . Jack point at it . jack look , mommy . like daddy 's drawing . bobbi stare at the box . Jack 's right . she reach out and pick it up . in the background , the Beast raise its blind head . with what 's happen ? bobbi run she hand over the box like so many before she and , like so many before she , she finger almost instinctively find the appropriate movement . her thumb stroke the central circle-motif and there be the tiniest flash of blue light ... and the Beast step menacingly forward , snarling ! bobbi drop the box and cradle the terrify Jack ext . the build night the building frame against a night sky in which razor- thin cloud slice across a huge and heavy moon . John run across the forecourt and through the entrance . int . the build , lobby night ( cont . ) John stand in the desert lobby . JOHN bobbi ! bobbi ! ! his voice echoe in the empty reach of the place . he run through it until he eye be catch by the elevator - where the number 7 be flash on and off on the indicator above it . time -cut to : int . the build , top -floor corridor night John exit the elevator and stare down the long corridor ... JOHN 's Pov - the whole corridor have become hellish . we stare down a nightmarish gauntlet , a creepy , cold , shadow walkway in which chain and hook hang and rattle . the floor be wet and mildew , the door warpe and slimy . at the far end , beckone blue light pulse from the door of the office-suite . horrible low sound fill the air , like the labour breathe of some vast asthmatic creature , as John begin to make he way cautious way down . as he foot pass a door , blood ooze in rich quantity from beneath it . a terrible cackling laugh . from nowhere . from everywhere . a chain shiver and twist , spin to reveal a baby liver skewer on a hook . close on John 's foot - as a slithering black eel writhes over they to disappear into the shadow . in a web on a wall , a pregnant spider burst into labour and score of tiny spider spill from she body , rush everywhere . John move resolutely on despite all this scare , draw nearer to the office- suite and the near-blind blue light . he reach the door ... JOHN bobbi ? Jack ? and walk , dazzle and half - blind , into the light . int . the build , top -floor office - suite night ( cont . ) for a moment , all John can see be the intense Blue Light . then be resolve . ahead of John , still on the floor , be bobbi and Jack . John start to rush forward ... JOHN thank God ! and suddenly the Beast spring forward from the shadow , stop close to bobbi and Jack , glaring at John ! bobbi John , do not ! John stagger to a halt , shocked and scared . JOHN what the ... the Beast come no nearer . but pinhead now emerge from the shadow also . he smile at John . JOHN I do not know who or what you be and I do not care . I just want my wife . I just want my son . pinhead I understand . you love this boy . you have plan for he . hope and dream . a whole imagine future where you love he and watch he grow . JOHN ( helpless truth ) yes . pinhead then first you must complete you work . or , though the child will not die here , for a thousand year he dearest wish will be that he have . JOHN for God 's sake , how can you ... ( be so cruel ? ) pinhead ( interrupt ) do I look like someone who care what God think ? JOHN just tell I what you want . pinhead ( gesture at table ) look at that box . a pathway to Hell make by a ancestor of yours . both John and bobbi stare at the box and then at each other . John 's dream . his grandmother 's claim . not so crazy . pinhead the panel downstairs ? potentially a bigger pathway . you will help it fulfill its promise . bobbi John . you dream . you grandmother . it 's all true . all true . you must not do this . you can not let more of this thing into the world ! pinhead 's mock laughter ring out as John look at he wife and child , at the monster beside they . JOHN bobbi - right now you and Jack be all the world I care about . I have to do this . time - CUT to : int . top -floor corridor night John , bobbi and Jack walk down the corridor pass the many door on the way to the elevator , pinhead behind they . as they draw abreast another door John suddenly jump sideways , knock bobbi and Jack through the door ahead of he ! int . the build , stairwell night ( cont . ) as bobbi steady hack , John slam the door close , yanking down the bar-lock . a hooked chain instantly splinter through the wood ! JOHN go! go !! the three of they pelt down the stairwell to the SOUND of the door smash above they . they reach the next level and exit through the door . int . the build , next floor corridor night ( cont . ) John glance up and down the corridor JOHN bobbi - that way ! another staircase ! bobbi hug jack fiercely and run the way John point . John grab Jack and rush he to the elevator door . he hit the button , glance anxiously back at the stairwell door the elevator open and John place Jack inside . Jack , scared , reach for he dad . JOHN no , Jack . the lobby . i’1l meet you there . be brave . be good . the door close . John turn back to face the corridor JOHN c’mon , you bastard . it 's I you want . the stairwell door burst open and pinhead come through . John pause just long enough to let the demon catch the sight of he and then he disappear down a intersect corridor . int . the build , other corridor ( cont . ) John run madly toward another door which he slam open revealing another stairwell which he rush down . int . the build , another stairwell bobbi be rush down a different stairwell . below she , a rush pad sound and the roar of the Beast bobbi no ! that 's impossible ! ! apparently not . she turn round and run up , terror-stricken , reach the door to the top floor and smash it open . int . top -floor corridor ( cont . ) bobbi run down the corridor , glance over she shoulder ... the Beast burst onto the floor , howling for blood , its speed terrifying , its appearance worse ! scream , bobbi push open the door of the office-suite ... int . top -floor office -suite ( cont . ) : and slam it behind she . she shove the table up against the door and stand back , look round helplessly . slam ! ! the Beast smashes against the door from the other side . the impact send the box career down the table toward bobbi . slam !! it hit again . the door begin to splinter bobbi 's eye flick from the box to the door and back . she snatch up the box ... just as the Beast come smash through the door to land on the table and rush down its length toward she bobbi hold the box up in front of she ... and the Beast stop . still terrifying , still powerful , it wait , hesitant bobbi do this pathway work both way ? her finger work feverishly at the box . it start to move ... and the Beast , bare its tooth in a blood- curdle howl , leap forward , hurtle through the air in attack -mode ... CUT to : int . the build , lobby night John burst into the lobby from a stairwell door and rush over to the elevator . a look of dread come over he as he see the elevator door bang constantly against the side of its doorjamb as if it be try to open and something be wrong with the mechanism . John run to it ... and it suddenly fly open with a terrifyingly loud noise . John jump in shock but move further and look in ... ... and down . there be no cabin there , just a dizzying drop into blackness . incredibly distant , but disturbing , sound echo up the shaft . sound of flame , machinery , and agony . JOHN no ! Jack ! Jack !! he hear a sound behind he and turn - to see Jack ... and angelique , back in human form , she hand rest on Jack 's young shoulder ! her eye be no longer seductive as they stare at John but cold and angry . then she look down at hack and coo like a nightmare vision of dark motherhood . angelique so young . so tender . so ripe . JOHN get you hand off he ! angelique get you hand on the console , toymaker . you have work to do . time -cut to : John at the lectern , angelique nearby still hold Jack angelique my colleague tell you what to do ? JOHN yes . he 's work at the console , look up at the pattern on the back wall panel , try to find the infernal one . angelique do not . JOHN what ? angelique make the elysian configuration instead . John , genuinely confuse , look at angelique but , before she can elucidate , pinhead appear at the far end of the lobby . pinhead be grin in triumph . he walk towards they . as he reach the centre , angelique speak to John . angelique the toymaker 's design ! the light ! I know they be here . John look rapidly from she to the wall , to the corner , to the reflective point on the surface and then key a entry into the console . his finger hover over the '' enter '' key . he look at she . why should he do what she want ? she raise a hand toward Jack 's neck in threat . angelique do it !! John hit the key . light -beam shoot out from point in the wall face , jetting in toward the centre of the lobby ! a sudden wave of suspicion wash over pinhead 's face . the beam meet , exploding into a dazzling coruscation ! angelique , step well back to near the lectern and away from what 's happen , grin in double - cross victory . pinhead roar in anger and fear . suddenly , he tip he head way back - and a chain fly from out of he mouth , jetting up straight toward the ceiling ! the hook chain anchor itself into the ceiling - and pinhead fly upward along it at incredible speed , like a spider suck itself back up a web-strand ! angelique noooo ! !! pinhead , fastened supernaturally to the ceiling like a humanoid insect , look down ... as the light -sculpture from John 's simulation of lemarchand 's cat ’s-cradle burst into be far below he ! pinhead , snarling in angry revenge , shoot he head in various direction as if summoning supernatural aid ... and a multitude of chain suddenly fly from low angle and wrap themselves around angelique , pirouetting rapidly up she body to cocoon she ! simultaneously , as in the simulation , the original beam go off and the light - sculpture be leave free-floating . Jack - almost literally squeeze from angelique 's grasp as the chain fly upwards - be send tumble towards he father who grab he protectively as ... angelique be suddenly yank off she foot and pill inexorably toward the centre of the room and the luminescent cat ’s-cradle . from pinhead 's Pov , angelique disappear beneath the light . angelique it burn !! it burn !!! John hug Jack tightly to he . JOHN ( to himself ) a few second be the best I ever get ... and , as if on cue , the cat ’s-cradle wink out of existence . from this angle , we see that angelique have not quite reach it and be lie still on the floor wrap in the chain . pinhead lower himself rapidly down and stalk toward John . as he pass angelique , she raise she head and laugh hysterically as if drive make by she proximity to destruction . pinhead ( to John ) you be as dangerous as she say you be . no more game . pinhead flick he head toward little Jack - and a hook chain come fly at the boy ! John launch himself forward , shove Jack aside ... JOHN run , Jack ! run !! . and take he place as the chain snap viciously through the air ... '' and slam right through John 's throat , kill he instantly ! Jack be run across the lobby . angelique the bloodline ! kill it !! pinhead swing round , get Jack in he eye-line ... .. and Jack be suddenly grasp by a arm and pull tight to a cradling body ! it 's bobbi - and she 's get the box in she hand . straighten up and shield Jack , she hold the box forward , move it . bobbi go play with you dog , you bastard ! the box fly from she hand , spin and turn through its position , and hit the floor pinhead no !! the box click into place ... . and pinhead and angelique be sucked into it , scream they frustrated rage . bobbi pull Jack tight to she and crouch down ... .. as the whole lobby begin to shake and shudder . explosion of light and SOUND fill the frame as Hell reclaim everything of its own : the box be still open - and it 's pull the wall and mural into itself ! suddenly - with a final explosive white - out - all be silent and still and bobbi and Jack be alone in the denude and devastate lobby with the close box . close on the box . track out ... int . merchant apartment day to reveal the box sit on a table in the apartment . bobbi be sit with Jack , talk to he . bobbi the box have to stay in we family , Jack . it must never get away from we . and it must never be open . never . we can not even destroy it until we know it 's safe . you dad do not know the whole story . neither do I . but we be go to find out , sweetheart . i’1l help you . you 'il grow up know everything . and so will you child . and they child . and one day we family will be ready . ready to put thing right in a time yet to come ... as bobbi talk , the camera track in on Jack 's completely attentive face as it absorb what he mother be say . closer and closer until Jack 's eye fill the frame and we fall into the blackness of he pupil in ecu ... complete blackness camera pan along the blackness and suddenly , startlingly , tiny point of light appear . distant star . we be in outer space . '' bobbi 's last word '' a time yet to come ... '' echo over this transition , as ... ext . deep space . a passenger shuttle suddenly hurtle toward we through the dark and silent void . as it fill the frame , CUT to reverse - - and the shuttle speed away from we , disappear into the distant darkness . over its movement , a super-imposed title : the government ship endeavour VII en route to the space station mino 2204 ad ext . deep space , mino a different sector of space . track down to reveal the tower of the space station mino . the minos be a asteroid . for the most part craggy , barren and crater-studded , the top part be architecture - its tower and building laser - hewn from the solid rock light shine from the tower . track in to one and dissolve to : int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino we be in a room decorate in 18 " century style and full of 18 " century object - include one of lemarchand 's automata . as the camera explore the room , a tv broadcast play in the background show news footage of a massive FIRE . tv announcer ( v.0 . ) fire burn uncheck in the forest of luna one tonight , roaring wildly beneath the great meta-glass canopy of the pan-pacific colony . economic cutback that do away with the suit -for - settler program be now be blame for the colony 's inability to simply turn off the air and thus douse the fire . angry voice be be raise in Tokyo - particularly because colonist could be transport to the minos space station if that trillion - dollar facility be not a year behind schedule and , accord to unconfirm source , not only out of radio- contact but also out of its geo - stationary orbit . ( etc etc ) at this point , the tv click off and the camera find dr paul merchant , sit in a rocco-style chair Paul be identical to Phillip and John except for a mole on he cheek and he hair-colour . his face be haunt and obsessive . the single - minded genius of he ancestor have reach a neurotic fruition in he . behind he , we see on a wall the 2204 ad equivalent of a cork - board - a screen on which image replay in rotational display . the image be all familiar to we and all connect with the bloodline 's history ; the box , the cat 's -cradle design , family portrait ( photo of John , oil of Phillip , etc ) , sketches of demon ( pinhead and angelique ) , the Building , etc etc . Paul be address a unseen listener paul the distance from all inhabitate planet and colony be important . it 's unclear what effect on the space- time continuum such a surge of metaphysical energy will have . there 's something strange about he voice . a little un -human . a little computer - generate . widen to reveal sit opposite he , he hand at a computer console on he lap , dr paul merchant ! ! paul ( the real one ) I have to assume we be far enough out now . time have become a factor . he hit a key on he console and the first Paul blink out of existence . he be a holographic Computer Program . Paul stand and cross the room and we change anglre to see ... that the other end of the room be very different . the first part we see be Paul 's live quarter . this part look like a control booth or a mixing bay . on a desk be three 23 " century monitor and a pair of latex glove , each fingertip connect by micro-filament to a console beneath one of the monitor . below the desk and the monitor be a staircase lead down to a separate structure - a large and massively solid holding pen . it have a reinforced steel door with a large lock mechanism . Paul sit at the desk and ( as if movement - sensitive ) one of the monitor wink into life , and we CUT to ... int . holding pen , mino ( cont . ) a wall - mount close - circuit camera . a red light click on to establish its link with the monitor Paul be work . the close - circuit camera move as if select a image area . we pull away to take in the room . it be a large bare space , the wall massively thick and very tall . it be some kind of hold pen for something very dangerous . currently , it 's empty except for a shadow figure cross-legged in a corner ... there 's something familiar about this image . it 's a posture we recognise . it remind we of elliot spenser in hellbound . it be a simple servo - robot - a steel skeleton with fully articulate limb . its hand be close together in front of its chest . and it 's hold the lament configuration . int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino ( cont . ) on the monitor , we see the same image of the robot and the box . Paul reach over to the glove ... and a second monitor squawks into life , startling we . on the monitor , corrinne cotton , mid - 20 's and attractive though she onepiece worksuit and business - like haircut do they best to ignore this . she 's the administrator of the minos . corinne ( on monitor ) Paul ? Paul ! I be tracking a shuttle . it have to be government . they be come . I be serious . a grimace of angry frustration cross Paul 's face . paul corinne , I can not be interrupt ! not now . I be serious . corinne well , whatever it be you be do , Paul , you better do it fast ! int . satellite -control / utility comple , mino ( cont . ) corrinne , too , be at a desk , work in front of a batch of monitor . six of they show exterior shot of huge flat panel , all decorate with box-like pattern and all studd with ( unlit ) light and mirror . one monitor show text : complicated co-ordinate for the alignment of the satellite . paul ( on monitor ) you too . how 's it come ? corrinne slowly . you sure I can not suit - up and nudge this mother by hand ? paul you have get a good eye , corrinne , but the alignment 's too precise . trust the computer . just keep feed in the co - ordinate . we be so close . we have get to do it . corrinne okay . CUT to : int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino ( cont ) Paul break the video-link . he look to the third monitor . on the screen come a high -definition image of the lament configuration . it change to a skeletal 3 - D rendering of the box and move around , show it from al angle . the other monitor still show the robot and the box . breathe nervously , Paul squeeze he hand into the latex sensor-gloves . watch both the 3 - D graphic and the image from within the pen , Paul move he hand in front of he . he 's not actually hold anything but the movement of he hand look familiar on the micro-glass monitor , the image of the box move and change as if Paul be actually move a real box . we register the micro-filament go into the console from the glove before we CUT to ... int . hlding pen , mino ( cont . ) similar micro-filament emerge from the wall behind the cross -legge robot and enter it at the elbow . the skeletal steel hand of the robot begin to move . with remote- control precision , its metal finger play over the box , find its secret , discover its hide alignment move it closer and closer towards its final configuration ... and the box jump from the robot 's grip to land on the floor in front of it , where it make its own final adjustment . a beat of silence and stillness ... and the robot suddenly explode ! in a jolting shock -moment , it be blast apart , shattered to tiny fragment ! CUT to : ext . deep space the passenger shuttle endeavour speed through space ... and the camera sift angle to reveal where it 's head ... ext . mino , deep space ( cont . ) the minos . in orbit around it be the sx satellite , surround it in a way reminiscent of how the six face of the box be laid out by lemarchand on the edge of he cat 's - cradle design . int . paul 's cabin , holding pen annwxe , mino corrinne enter the annex . Paul be at the desk , he back to she . he 's slump back in he chair corinne Paul - I can not do it . it 's you program . it need you . ( no reply ) Paul ? Paul , be you okay ? she move round to he . Paul look like he 's in shock . he do not even look at she . corinne what 's happen ? suddenly - a massive banging beyond the steel - reinforce door , like something huge and angry be try to get out ! corinne start in frighten shock corinne my God , Paul ! what 's happen ?! paul they be here . a whole lifetime - many lifetime - to get ready ... but the sight of they ... corinne sight of who ? who 's here ? Paul look to the pen-monitor . it click into life ... ... and the snarling , terrifying face of the chatter - Beast fill the screen , accompany by its heart - stop roar ! corinne God in heaven , Paul ; what have you do ? CUT to : int . holding pen , mino - that moment the Pen be transformed into a vision of Hell . a cold blue place of deep shadow and terror . the chatter - Beast be not alone . two other cenobite prowl the shadow . we can not yet see they clearly . a archway of blue light seem to form on the far wall of the Pen . the cenobite cease they prowling and watch ... as pinhead make he entrance . pinhead stalk elegantly into the centre of the Pen . he glance round , register the shattered robot , the box , and then he eye go unerringly to the wall - mount camera ... int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino - that moment and he address Paul directly through the monitor screen . pinhead ( on monitor ) merchant . I know you be watch . we have almost give up wait for you to play . corinne 's face be a ashen mask of horror corinne it know you ? paul we have never meet . but he 's a old friend of the family . Paul click the monitor off . he turn to corinne . paul there it be , corinne . the hide agenda you keep wonder about . corinne never mind that . can they get out ?! paul two-foot thick concrete and steel . ( beat ) and I do not know . I hope not . a beat as they stare at each other paul I know you need a full explanation - but I have to go and fix that alignment before the shuttle get here . corinne Paul , the shuttle 's here . paul buy I time . corinne the government pay my wage , Paul . I have to hand the station over . I ... paul it 's a question of minute . vital minute . he stare at she , implore . a beat . corinne I 'il do what I can . ext . mino , deep space a entry - bay door open on one of the stone tower rise from the surface of the minos and the endeavour enter . int . entry BAY , mino a airlock door open ... and we track in suddenly to the six figure that come rush into the entry bay . four of they be military - uniform , armed , and mask . the other two be civilian . edward , bureaucratic and embitter , be a male government administrator . the other civilian be chamberlain , a young - look scientist . the military be head by carducci , a wiry and grizzle no - bullshit professional . his tough -look squad be rscoe ( a powerful very tall female ) , rimmer ( female ) , and parker ( male ) . Edwards , Chamberlain , carducci and the soldier ( arm at the ready , scan the area ) walk into the large arrival area . hewn with rock , it 's as much a cavern as it be a room . ( NB : production note : this area and all the area ( mainly corridor ) that be not function - specific have a half - finish laser - blast look to they . there be groove in the wall of the rock where corridor and walkway be blast through . unless specifically describe otherwise , everywhere on the minos be rock , not steel or wood or plaster . ) all of they look round at the laser-hewn space . edward Jesus ... carducci how the hell do they do this ? chamberlain it 's pretty straightforward . tractor-beam capture a suitably - small asteroid and then meta-laser form the structure from the rock itself . it 's actually cheaper than building from scratch . edward Cheaper until some crazy sob take it on a unschedule trip . stack everywhere be crate and unopen box . Chamberlain read the stencil-stamp on a crate . chamberlain wz -474' ? they should have be wire in month ago . all this stuff ... ( glance round ) he 's do nothing he 's suppose to . edward then what have he be do ? parker ( look at the dank rock ) letting this place go to hell . a door open and corinne walk over to they . she take in the military and then address Edwards . corinne Soldiers ? be you expect armed resistance ? edward Lady , when you maintain radio silence for a full six month , I do not know what to expect . corinne I be sure we can clear up any misunderstandings . I be corinne cotton , administrator of the minos . edward former administrator of the minos . I be Edwards , you successor . corrinne open she mouth to speak . Edwards raise a peremptory hand to silence she . edward here 's what I know . the minos be merchant 's baby . six month ago , he be order to hand it back to the government . he send the whole crew home except for you and he . and then he take the whole goddam station out of orbit and head into deep space . we be take it back and we be install Dr Chamberlain here as he replacement . it 's go to be calm . it 's go to be cool . it 's go to be clean . ( beat . to carducci ) fan ‘em out , dooch . the Soldiers move out at a trot into the Station . corinne wait ! this be not necessary . we ... edward ( interrupt ) the only reason you be not under arrest be because my bleed - heart self do not want to screw up you pension . from this moment until you be back on Earth , you do two thing : answer my question and follow my order . get it ? corinne nod , stare distress at the disappear soldier . int . satellite - control , utility complex , mino Paul , hunch over the console , punch in co-ordinate and watch the minute movement of the satellite on the monitor . two or three of the monitor show a graphic overlay with the word locked flash . Paul 's still work on the other . suddenly , there 's a creak behind he . Paul spin round ... to find himself stare directly into a gun-barrel ! roscoe 's hold the gun . roscoe Dr merchant ? consider yourself relieved . int . corridor , mino day rimmer and parker walk along a opressive , dimly - light corridor they reach the door to Paul 's cabinand the holding Pen annexe . rimmer try the handle . lock . she look questioningly at parker . he shrug . parker investigate all area . that 's what they say . rimmer lean back and deliver a shoulder - slam to the door . it open . rimmer so let 's investigate . she lead the way in . int . lock - up , mino Paul 's face stare out from behind bar at Edwards and carducci . paul you do not know what you be do . edward actually , we do . we be keep you out of the goddam way while we find out what the hell you have be do here . paul no ! you do not understand ! it 's dangerous ! carducci dangerous how ? Paul look from one to the other . can he tell they ? would they believe he ? he have to chance it paul there be demon on the ship . carducci burst into laughter . carducci ( to Edwards ) well , that solve that mystery . what go wrong on the minos ? Dr merchant go out of he fuck mind . int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino parker and rimmer make they way down through the cabin to the annexe . parker gesture to the pen-monitor parker what 's this hook up to ? rimmer look down the stairway to the reinforce door , then back at the monitor . rimmer whatever 's in there , I guess . the monitor , sense movement , click on . while rimmer make she way down the staircase , parker look at the monitor . the image it show be of the completely empty hold pen . then a blue light pulse briefly over the screen . parker 's eye fix on the screen . another blue pulse . and another . his eye blink and focus ... and suddenly he face move into horrify rage . on the monitot : the hold pen be full of child , frighten , hungry , and chain to the wall ! parker my God ! fuelled by outrage , he hurtle down the stair , levelling he weapon at the reinforce door blast of ENERGY smash into the huge door and blow it apart ! rimmer , much nearer the door and nearly catch in the blast , throw herself aside . rimmer parker , what the fuck be you do ?! parker rush past she through the smoking ruin of the door ... int . holding pen , mino cont . ... and into the hold pen . at first , al he can see be shadow and light . parker where be the child ? rimmer appear in the wreck doorway . rimmer what be you talk about ? parker suddenly point to the floor . parker what the hell 's this ? both register the shatter metal fragment of the robot littering the floor around the box . pinhead ( of for ) the remnant of a most unsatisfy victim . parker and rimmer start in shock as pinhead emerge from the shadow . movement from all around add to the terror as the other cenobite shuffle in the darkness . parker /rimmer ( simultaneous / ad - 1ib ) oh my God ... what the fuck ... sweet suffer Christ ... ( etc ) pinhead still - you be here to change all that , be not you ? a brief , imperious gesture of the demon 's head ... and a metallic fragment , jaggedly point like a badly - make shuriken , suddenly rise up from the wreck robot spin fast and furiously as if by magic ... and then hurtle across the room ! before he can even react , it slam into parker - slicing he face off !! he fall to the ground ... and rimmer have the sense to turn tail and run ... ... but she trip on the jag edge of the blast door and fall to the ground . she swing herself round and half -sit up - just in time to see the chatter - Beast launch itself from the darkness and land on she , its terrible jaw slashing , snap , and slaver ! time -cut to : int . paul 's cabin / holding pen annexe , mino we be in the live quarter end of Paul 's cabin . and so be pinhead , the Beast and the cenobite . this be we first clear look at the other two cenobite : one be brand - new , a siamese - twin cenobite join at the side of the head and at the lower chest and the hip . the other be angelique . though she face and figure be still beautiful , she have be '' cenobitise '' : like all cenobite , she be bald and blue-skinned and she individuality have give way to the leather - and -mutilation uniform of pinhead 's troops . she look at the live quarter , at Paul 's deliberate 18 ' century look . we see she recognise the style - and the bloodline 's taste . angelique toymaker ... pinhead no time for game . merchant have a plan . he must not exercise it . kill they all . pinhead , the Beast , and the siamese - twin move out through the room to the corridor . angelique linger a moment , take in this reminder of she past - the furnishings , the picture the automata . her hand trail over a object or two , she eye , beneath they cenobite coldness , helplessly nostalgic . int . lock - up , mino Edwards and carducci be talk while Paul observe they from behind bar . edward what do you mean ? carducci how much clearer can I be ? parker and rimmer have not radioe in . they be miss . Paul close he eye in dread . paul where do you send they ? they ignore he . edward what be you say ? paul ( louder ) where do you send they ?! edward quiet ! carducci ( to Paul ) you work - area . paul they be dead . and if you do not let I out to finish my work , we be all dead . carducci look to Edwards . he nod back to Paul . carducci that 's you call . I be go to notify roscoe and Chamberlain to proceed with caution . carducci exit . Edwards cross to talk to Paul directly . edward whatever 's go on - if anything 's go on - how the hell do I know you be not responsible ? Paul sigh . frustrate . and guilty . he be responsible . int . low - level corridor , mino roscoe patrol a low - level service corridor . dank rock . wet floor . dismal lighting . it 's a creepy atmosphere . shadows fool we . we keep wait for something to leap out at roscoe ... but nothing do . yet . ahead of she be a entrance door . hefting she weapon , she go in ... int . flight deck , mino : and enter the Flight deck . this be more brightly - light than the corridor but its emptiness be still creepy . roscoe be very much on guard and walk through cautiously , rifle cocked . int . satellite control / utility complex , mino this be the room where corinne and Paul work on the satellite alignment . we now see more of the room . it 's the electronic heart of the minos - a large space full of hum data bank and pulsing generator . wire , conduit , and fibre - optic cable run everywhere from machine to machine . Chamberlain be at a large system - Analysis monitor , on which blueprint - like diagram of the minos flash across the screen . chamberlain ( to himself ) he 's do nothing . nothing ... in the distance beyond he , unseen by he , a figure move eerily between the '' doorway form by two generator ! Chamberlain keep scrolling through the data base . chamberlain and what the hell be this satellite ? suddenly , a SOUND from somewhere behind he . Chamberlain jump in shock and swing round . chamberlain hello ? nothing . cock he head , Chamberlain move out into the room . he begin to walk through the machinery . because of the stack and positioning of the bank and the generator , the place have a maze - like feel of many intersect small walkway . Chamberlain make he way down the walkway . a eerie atmosphere descend . there be sound and fleeting shadow everywhere in this place . be something in here with he ? he begin to look over he shoulder often . his tread become quiet and cautious . he turn a corner . at the end of the walkway , a vaguely human - shape shadow . very slowly , he move toward it ... to find nothing but a pile of box , stack unevenly in such a way that they cast a misleading shadow . Chamberlain exhales in relief . chamberlain shit ... he turn back into the walkway he leave - and be suddenly face to face with the siamese - twin , cenobite ! chamberlain what the ... ?! the creature suddenly and instantly split in two , its two selve spring apart and one of they sweeping past Chamberlain ! Chamberlain stand between the twin , terror on he face . the twin speak , alternate word as if they be still one . twin 1 / twin 2 I can not bear to be apart from my brother they raise they arm and walk toward each other ... and re-merge , they flesh stretch eagerly toward each other 's , crush and assimilate the scream Chamberlain between themselves / itself ! the twin be siamese again . there 's nothing leave of Chamberlain . int . lock - up , mino corinne stand as close to Paul as the bar allow . Edwards be some distance away . paul it 's what my family have live for for two century . it 's my destiny . my duty . to free the world from the demon my bloodline unleash . corinne by building a space station ? paul by building a trap . and destroy they forever . but the satellite be not ready . the elysium configuration can not be trigger . what I build as a trap have become a nest . corinne why do not you tell I sooner ? paul like I do not seem crazy enough ? nobody need ever have know . this be mean to be a one - man operation once everything be ready . now people be die . I wish you have not stay . corinne I want to stay . Paul look at corinne as if that have never occur to he . her eye be say something they have probably be say for month but he be too drive to notice . she like he . a lot paul you have get to get off now . get to a shuttle . corinne shake she head . corinne wwe have get to get you out of here . int . paul 's cabin / holding - pen annexe , mino carducci be at the bottom of the staircase , stare in horror at what 's leave of parker and rimmer . he flick open a tiny intercom . carducci roscoe ? where be you ? roscoe ( on intercom ) Flight deck . carducci can not raise Chamberlain . do not know what the fuck 's go on . but shoot first . you copy ? roscoe check . carducci pocket the intercom and make he way up the stair . CUT to : the live quarter part of the room . we hear the sound of carducci climb the stair - as do the angelique cenobite who be still in the room . she cross to closet . its door be a full - length mirror . she swing it open . the inside door be also fully - mirrore . she pause for a moment to look at she reflection on the inner door . the reflection be of she former - self , in all its human beauty . the angelique cenobite step through the mirror - come out the other side as she '' human '' self ! angle on carducci as he reach the top of the stair and move into the cabin ... to see angelique sit on the bed , a look of terror on she face . angelique help I . please help I ... carducci scan the room quickly , on guard . carducci what 's happen ? be they here ? angelique stand up . carducci cross to she . do a perfect imitation of a pre-feminist damsel - in-distress , angelique throw she arm round this big strong man and press she poor helpless self to he for protection . they be stand in front of the still - open mirror-door . angelique no . not now . but they be everywhere . I be so afraid ... carducci can not help it . he 's a professional . but there 's a beautiful woman press herself to he . he relax he body and put he arm round she ... carducci hey , it 's okay . everything 's okay . and angelique suddenly pull they both backwards . she slip from he arm but keep tight hold of one of he hand and step back through the mirror , emerge on the other side as she cenobite self ! carducci be halfway through the mirror . it seem while she have hold of he hand , he too can pass magically through as if the mirror be liquid ... unfortunately , she let go . and carducci be suddenly scream in agony . the mirror be once- again -solid - and he 's on either side of it ! angelique swing the mirror shut - and one half of the perfectly - bisect carducci slide smoothly and bloodily down the mirrore glass . int . flight deck , mino roscoe be still move through the flight deck . she 's alone ... until a door at the far end open and pinhead walk in . roscoe 's jaw drop . but training tell . she assume a fire position and shout a warning . roscoe what the fuck planet be you from ? hold it ! right now ! pinhead do not stop . nor do he speed up . he just keep walk . confident . inexorable . roscoe have you chance . she pull she trigger . a ENERGY blast slam into pinhead ... and do nothing . do not even make he break he stride . nor do the second . roscoe mother of Christ ... roscoe stare at the demon . she 's a huge powerful woman , so she 's not exactly afraid . but she 's not exactly stupid either and stay here would plainly be the act of a idiot ... she turn and run , slamm through a door ... int . flight -deck corridor , mino ( cont . ) into the corridor . still run , she scan the area for somewhere to hide . her eye go up to the ceiling ... and a grill to a air-duct . it be too high to reach but a utility pipe run parallel a vital few inch lower . roscoe leap , catch the pipe with both hand , swing herself up , and kick the grill clear , throw she body in after it . int . AIR - duct , mino ( cont . ) roscoe grab at the grill , shove it back into place , and press she body back into shadow while lean she head just enough to see through the cross-hatch metal of the grill . roscoe 's Pov down through grill : nothing . nothing . nothing ... and then pinhead walk into view . roscoe hold she breath . pinhead keep walk . not look up . he 's nearly past the grill ... and then he stop . pinhead 's head tilt up a little , as if sense something ... and the he move on out of view . roscoe breathes gain . roscoe ( mouth it ) alright ... she wait a second to be sure and turn in the air-duct ... to see the chatter - Beast twenty yard from she roscoe oh fuck !! she do not even have time to bring she rifle round in the cramped space . the Beast come rush along the duct . in two second , it 's there , its awful mouth open wide ... CUT to : int . lock - up , mino corinne be over with Edwards . Paul be still in the cell . edward give I a break . corinne I be completely serious . he have to be let out . he 's the only chance we have . I have see they . Edwards stare at she . the seriousness of she tone almost hold he disbelief at bay . then rationalism reassert itself . edward let he out ? I should put you in there with he ! people might be die out there ! corinne that would not have happen if the government have leave he alone . edward well , excuse I . obviously , it 's we fault . corinne sigh . enough argument . corinne we be let he out . edward we be not do anything . I be the administrator and I ... corinne half -turn , as if she can not listen anymore - and then swing back and deck Edwards with a powerful right hook corinne former administrator . I be you successor she move to the desk and hit some button . the bar door of Paul 's cell fly open . Paul rush over to she as Edwards rise groggily to he foot . paul I do not know how far thing have go . you x11 have to help I . ( look to Edwards ) both of you . time -cut to : int . corridor , mino Paul , corinne , and Edwards run along a corridor . they reach a three - way crossroad and stop . paul you both know what to do . you both know where to go . edward this be insane ! paul yes , it be . accept that if you want to come trough this . you seem to be a man of reason . do not be . shake he head , Edwards nevertheless take off down one of the corridor . Paul turn to corinne . paul you have be brave . stay brave . stay alive . corinne look as if she want to say something . she just nod and turn to go . paul corinne ? corinne yes ? paul my ... my life be plan from the moment I be bear . from before I be bear . I have no time for anything but the destiny I be give . ( cont . ) he pause , look deep in she eye . paul ( cont . ) I wish my life could have be different a beat . they reach out ... and touch each other 's hand briefly . and then they be away down different corridor . int . low - level corridor , mino the cenobite , pinhead lead , move along in implacable rhythym while the dog- Beast scurries and slide , weaving around and about the other . as the monster pass , the space behind they darken as if they be drag endless night in they wake . int . flight -deck , mino Paul rush in to the flight - deck and run over to the master console . his expert finger fly over various key and button . monitor show the exterior image of the satellite - three of which still flash the locked signal . he look at the other anxiously . int . corridor crossroad , mino a set of double - door be smashed open from the other side and pinhead stalk into a area where two corridor meet . his monstrous troop flow in behind he . as before , blackness follow they , all light vanish as they pass . angelique if merchant be finally play again , the stake must be high . pinhead his gamble be trust other player . pinhead look down as the chatter - Beast . he point a imperious arm down one of the corridor . pinhead fetch ! the Beast take off at incredible speed . angelique and the siamese - twin go after it . pinhead go the other way . int . flight - deck , mino Paul hold a slim black object in he hand . some kind of remote -control . he point it at various console - switch and it glow red as if read information from each one . he look overhead . two angle - poise point down to where he 's stand behind the console . he hit a button and they both shine a combine light on he . he look back at the monitor . all the satellite be not yet lock . he look into the room as if await the inevitable arrival of he enemy . int . holding pen annexe , mino Edwards walk into the annexe . he stare in shock at the blast reinforce - door and the bloodstain and bone that be all that remain of rimmer and walk through ... int . holding pen , mino into the pen. suppress a shudder at the corpse of parker , he scan the area ... and see the box . he pick it up , turn to leave ... and see angelique in the blast doorway ! edward oh no ... angelique walk into the Pen - and the siamese - twin follow . Edwards look from they down to the box in he hand . edward he ... he tell I what to do . angelique 's face crease in contemplation as she look at the man . she think she 's get he number angelique please . go ahead . if you think it will do any good . Edwards run he finger listlessly over the box . he press at it a few time as if look for hide button . nothing . his arm drop hopelessly and he start to sob . edward it 's ... a box . it 's just a box . he lift it and fling it half - heartedly at angelique . her hand rise and catch it expertly . angelique thank God for man of reason . ( to the siamese - twin ) finish it . she turn and walk away , not even watch as Edwards fall to he knee sobbing in fear the siamese - twin tower over he and split . twin 1 / twin 2 I can not bear to be apart from my brother ... CUT to : int . flight -deck , mino the only sound in the flight - deck be the hum of the mechanism and the sound of Paul 's tense breathe . and then there 's another sound ... the sound of demonic foot approach . Paul look up from the console . angelique have enter , hold the box . they eye lock , each recognise and acknowledge they bizarre history . angelique Building bigger toy than ever paul the minos be no toy . it 's ... angelique I know what it be . do not use it . I see you room . the past mean as much to you as it mean to I . we can reclaim it . together . Paul look at she . for a second , the same magic that work on John work on he and he have a flash - image of she human self in 18 century costume . beautiful . allure . he blink it away . his face set grimly . paul not this time , princess . disappointed rage cross she face . before she can answer , they be no longer alone . pinhead and the siamese - twin have enter . the darkness come with pinhead and then change into blue light diffuse in from various angle as if the door to Hell be open . simultaneously , howling wind begin to roar through the room , necessitate raise voice . pinhead look at Paul stand behind the console in the light from the two overhead angle-poise . pinhead how the century pass . I have think often , down that long day , of the pleasure we have prepare for you . paul pleasure ? pinhead in a manner of speak . you ancestor have be there before you . the labyrinth still ring with the echoe of they agony - lullaby for the Children of the Worm . Paul look at the monitor . two more satellite be show the locked signal . CUT to : int . satellite - contol , mino corinne feverishly type in co-ordinate and watch the monitor click one by one into the locked position . finally , the word all satellite align show on the master - monitor . corinne sit back and let out a long slow sigh . corinne alright girl . you pass the science exam . now let 's see how you do at track . she exit the room ... int . corridor , mino ( cont . ) and out into a corridor . and start run . fast . int . flight -deck , mino Paul 's eye register the all satellite align signal . he show no relief or excitement . good poker player . paul it 's over now . it end with I . pinhead I think not . you bloodline may end but the game go on forever . four hundred year you family have play . a long time ? no . the blink of a suppurate eye to he who dwell in the deep . paul the game may go on forever but you will not be there to play it . angelique fly we back to you world , toymaker . no end of game there . paul I be afraid I can not do that . angelique want to play here ? well , you will not be play with this . she hold out the box . pinhead smile . Paul do not . pinhead good . the woman ? angelique a gift to we chatter friend . you know how fond he be of female meat . int . corridor , mino corinne reach a t-junction . she turn leave into ... int . long corridor , mino ( cont . ) the longest corridor we have see yet . it stretch at least a hundred yard on either side of the t-junction . just before renewing she run , corinne look down the other stretch . a hundred yard of emptiness ... but not for long . appear suddenly at the far end come the Dog - Beast , career towards she down the corridor corinne oh my God ... corinne waste a precious second stare at it , she jaw open in horrify shock . then she turn and run for she life . and the dog-beast run for it too . it 's nightmare - fast , seem to gain thirty yard for every ten that corinne cover . within a few second of the chase state , it 's almost halve the distance between they . not want to - and hardly able to afford to - corinne nevertheless can not resist look back over she shoulder she register how , as the creature pass , the wall behind it become a nightmare of darkness and despair corinne ( to herself ) run. run ! ! and she do . pant , sweat , heart pound , she run . the demon pursue she vigorously and tirelessly , gain yard by yard as it speed furiously down the corridor gasp with exertion , corrinne stare desperately ahead of she at the door she 's head to . it seem closer ... corrinne come on ! come on ! she redouble she effort ... and suddenly she trip , cartwheel to the floor as if sense she sudden weakness , the monster behind she howl in infernal delight and streak forward even faster corrinne scramble to she foot , run on , and suddenly she 's there . she burst through the door ... int . entry BAY / escape vehicle pad , mino ( cont . ) and tumble into the entry bay . immediately ahead of she a small single - person egg - shape escape pod sit on a pad beyond the open station - side door of a airlock . corinne rush to the pod , slam she hand on the release catch of the door , ad clamber in . inside pod - it be not build for luxury ; there 's a contoure body panel into which corinne stand , a control panel in front of she , a round window and that 's it . on the control panel be a sticker mark airlock remote and beneath it two toggle switch , one mark internal which be click to the OPEN position and one mark external which be click to close . corinne flick the internal to close . in the entry BAY - the airlock behind the pod begin to close ... but simultaneously the door to the bay burst open and the Dog - Beast leap into the room ! inside pod - corinne look at the slowly - close airlock door and at the far from slow monster rush toward she corinne no ... no ... the door 's not go to close in time . she 's fuck . she groan ... and then think of something . she slam forward the switch that say brake and then hit the one that say ignition ... in the entry BAY - a massive thrust of jet - propelled flame slam out of the back of the stationary pod , blast the Beast back across the room ! the jet-flame be cut in time to allow the airlock door to close without be melt . in the airlock - the outer airlock door slide open . the ignition start again ... ext . mino , deep space ( cont . ) a beat of stillness ... and then the egg-shape pod come spin wildly toward camera . corinne be safe . int . flight -deck , mino Paul be not . close on he face , stiff with tension . pull back to reveal why - the viciously - barb tip of several of Hell 's hook chain be hover inch from he face and body , taut and sway like steel King cobras wait to strike ! a cruel smile illuminate pinhead 's face as he stare at Paul . Paul look at another monitor provide entry - bay date . the word pod - launch be flash . he sign in relief - and then look up at pinhead and angelique . paul it do not get she . she 's free . she 's safe . pinhead let 's see how much of a comfort that be to you when the maggot be eat you eye . from the inside . Paul 's eye suddenly become fix and cold . like gunfighter in a spaghetti western , Paul and pinhead stare at each other paul let 's play . his finger dive at the button ... but pinhead 's so much faster - and the hook chain jet forward viciously to pierce Paul 's body and face ... and Paul just wink out of existence , disappear down to a white dot like a turn - off tv . or a cancel hologram . angelique what ? Paul step out from another part of the room entirely . he have the remote- control in he hand . paul hologram . all do with mirror . like this . his finger hit a button on the remote ... and we CUT to : ext . mino , deep space the minos float against the star-studded blackness . suddenly , vast beam of light burst from all six satellite ! like lemarchand 's design , like John 's miniature version , the beam meet and explode into a huge coruscate cat 's cradle completely encircle the minos , dwarve even that vast structure in a awesome and dazzle light - show . int . flight -deck , mino pinhead , angelique , and the siamese-twin all stagger as if suddenly weaken dreadfully . the box fall to the ground from angelique 's slacken grasp . pinhead noooo ! !! he raise he hand as if to summon chain or other tool ... and nothing happen . ext . mino , deep space the show get even bigger . as if reality can not cope with the massive cat 's - cradle , a huge STORM in space erupt around the minos , a maelstrom of roiling gas and impossible lightning . the cat 's - cradle of light suddenly send out a light beam into the space behind it . the beam smashes into a mass of bubbling gaseous matter , white - out briefly ... and be replace by a area of intense blackness , a corona og gaseous matter swirl about its edge , define its position . the nebulous swirl seem to be disappear constantly into the unrelieve blackness of the centre . it be as if the cat 's cradle have sunder reality , have create a astronomical anomaly . a place where matter disappear . int . flight - deck , mino pinhead look over at Paul , horror-struck pinhead what have you do ?! what be it ?! paul endgame , demon . angelique scream . ext . deep space the minos suddenly judder within the cat 's -cradle and begin to hurtle toward its furthest point - the swirl black reality - warp ! int . flight deck , mino pinhead roar at Paul - and from he open mouth a chain fly toward Paul ... and hook into he chest . Paul grunt in pain ... but then grasp the chain , yank it , and pull pinhead toward he ! the two enemy grasp each other arm , wrestle and fight , somehow keep they balance in the wildly - career deck when angelique and the siamese - twin be knock helpless to the floor . pinhead and Paul scream to be hear in the cacophony . pinhead in Hell , I 'il teach every one of you nerve-endings to scream separately ! paul you still do not get it ? it 's over ! finally , irrevocably over !! ext . deep space the minos be now career toward the reality - warp at a incredibly increase speed . and suddenly , within the cat 's - cradle and almost within the irresistible blackness , the minos begin to break apart unable to withstand the terrible pressure ! int . flight deck , mino a smash - CUT to Paul and pinhead as , all around they , the deck disintegrate . a freeze second for Paul 's last line ... paul welcome to oblivion . ext . deep space and the , just as it disappear into the gape maw of the warp , minos come apart completely in a massive explosion ! through the warp / psychedelic space ( blue screen ) the montage background be a whirling insanity of image : spiralling pattern ; the birth of planet ; explode supernovae ; volcanic eruption ; the work . asteroid debris spin wildly in the foreground , piece after piece be whirle away until finally we see the box leave alone above the background - the perspective of which all sell the idea that it be constantly fall even though its image size remain constant . slowly , the camera track in on the box until the black circle that dominate one of its face fill the screen . and then , without quite realise when it change , we realise we be tracking out , not in ... move through a extreme close up of the box and continue on out ... int . lemarchand 's workroom nearly midnight : and we see the box be rest on the hand of Phillip lemarchand in he workshop in 18 " century France . the door open and Genevieve enter in she nightdress . genevieve be it do ? lemarchand done ! CUT to black run credit