hellraiser : deader screenplay by Neal Marshall Stevens revision by Tim Day fade in : we roll credit over - peal tight on a pattern of brown and black texture . the image begin to shake . slow motion . graceful . we hear a low rhythmic thump , thump , thump ... the surface slowly peel off like fleck of dry old paint as we pull back a little wider and realize that we be look at a old door . thump , thump , thump ... the door continue to rattle . something or someone be behind it , desperately fight to get out . thump , thump , thump ... wider still to include the rusted , wear doorknob twist back and forth and shaking . whatever be in there -- it 's lock inside . super : hellraiser :deader cross dissolve to : int . crack den - morning it 's almost pitch black in here as a few beam of light fight W they way through hole in the tear black window shade of this flop-house apartment . tn a high shot Te take in the scene . a young woman , mid-twenty , lie on a old mattress toss on the floor in the center of the room . there 's a man asleep next to she with he arm around she . about a half - dozen other , in various stage of nakedness , be sprawle unconscious around the room . we boom down and as we do we - int . crack den - night we be in the middle of a crack / X party the night before . lash CUT to : 2 we young woman ( amy klein ) move through the party . she reach into the pocket of she long black coat and lift out a tape recorder . she click it on and slip it back into she pocket . flash CUT to : the man from we open shot offer she some X . she let he place it on she tongue and then she swallow it . he smile , pleased , and turn to leave . she quickly but slyly remove the X from she mouth and flick it away . F lash CUT to : later . the party in full gear . thing be really start to get weird here as the crack pipe start to make it 's way around the room . flash CUT to : Amy 's put on a full " X " performance , take the crack pipe and quickly pass it on , pretend to be too far go for another hit , all the while study the other partier with a keen reporter 's eye . flash CUT to : later . after everyone have leave . the sun be come up . Amy alone with the man . he 's half - naked on the mattress , try to pull Amy close . Amy 's look for a safe exit , but she 's stay too long and he 's start to get a little rough with she . a wrong move now could push he over the edge . flash CUT to : Amy 's vision start to blur . do he slip she something ? flash CUT to : he pull she onto the bed with he and start to undress she , she can not fight he off . but then he eye roll back in he head and he pass out . flash CUT to : Amy look around the room which be start to swirl . she tip out of frame and we - CUT to : 3 int . crack den - day back to scene as Amy 's eye flutter open , quickly adjust to she unfamiliar surroundings . she freeze for a beat , then after determine that the man be asleep , she slide she way off the mattress and roll quietly onto the floor . S he 's relieved when she find that she 's still dress . she snatch a small tape recorder off the ground and click rewind -- satisfied . she snatch a half empty pack of smoke off the floor and she 's go . ext . a build on the lower east side of london - day a big sign identify this old brick building as the home of " the London Underground " -- a weekly newspaper in the " Village Voice " mode , only scuzzier . int . office of the underground - day MAIN title sequence : a pair of elevator door open . amy klein exit and walk towards camera . she 's all in black , from she black sneaker and black stocking up to she tinted glass and jet black hair . the only thing about she that be not black be a complexion so translucently pale that it bespeak only the most rare and grudge familiarity with daylight . she have a paper coffee cup and a cigarette in the same hand , and she alternate sip of coffee with puff of she cigarette with a practice proficiency . she ignore the unhappy look of she fellow employee . she clearly have practice at this as well . Little office cubby scattered around a convert loft space . " too hip " employees sit at they desk , type at computer , confer at table -- go about the business of turn out another issue . they point and whisper as Amy walk by . Amy pass another cubicle as a young reporter hold the newspaper 's front page up in front of Amy . a big headline read , " how to be a crack Whore " write over a photo of a crack de in which we glimpse thing better leave unseen . beneath the headline be write , " a special report by Amy klein . " I 4 young reporter ( o.c ) Nice report klein . how `bout you show I what you learn ? Amy be already past he , she throw back a middle finger for a response . young reporter ( o.c. ) maybe later . betty , 50ish , she glass hang on the tip of she nose , see Amy come . etty hey , Amy ... amy Morning ... betty Morning ? it 's half past four . amy mmm ... Betty give a broad gesture over she shoulder , point toward the editor 's office across the work space . Amy head across the way , toward the office . Betty pick up the phone . betty ( on phone ) Mr. rickman ... Amy 's here . right . not . charle rickman' office - day charle rickman , the editor-in - Chief , be a englishman in he early forty , sport a pony tail which , like a moustache on a sixteen - year -old , only serve to emphasize he true age . he 's fiddling around with some sort of tv / vcr set up , and be look away from the door as it open and Amy enter behind he . charle ( without turn ) ah , I detect that unique and ubiquitous combination of female sweat and patchouli oil that signal the arrival of ... he turn toward a dour Amy . 5 charle ... the delightful and world - famous Amy klein . have a seat , angel of light . amy eat I , Charles . charle it 's exactly that lack of respect for authority that get you fire from the New York Post . amy I be not fire . I be re-assign . charle of course . where would you be without I ? by the way , I do not recall ever be thank properly for this " be - assignment " . Charles make air quote with he finger . charle ( cont 'd ) lucky for you I open my door to you here as soon as I hear you be " available " . more air quote . Amy walk over to a " trophy table " where she look over a cluster of frame photo 's . she point to one of she and Charles , smile together . more innocent time for both . amy I seem to recall a rather similar " reassignment " with you , Charles . charle touche ' . well , thanks to international conglomerate and the euro-dollar I , along with mother England , be bless with you acquaintance , yet again . amy hey a contract 's a contract . she hold up the cassette recorder . amy ( cont 'd ) look , if all this about I be late with the crack whore story it 's all right here -- and it 's gold . I be just about to - 6 charle ( interrupt ) it 's not about the crack whore , I be sure you be work you usual unrestrained insightful magic on what I be certain will be another eye-open expose . I expect nothing but brilliance -- in five thousand word or less . ( beat ) but this be better . Amy spot a open container of chinese food on Charles 's desk . she inspect it , then pick something out of it with a pair of chop stick . amy so what then ? be we be sue again ? charle hmm ? oh no. ( see she eat ) please feel free to have some of that . amy thanks . what be this ? General tso 's cat ? charle spare I the " nothing come close to New York chinese " speech just this once . go on , sit down . just something I want to show you ... he head back over to the vcr . Amy ditch the chinese food and pick up she coffee again . she sit , light another cigarette . charle okay ... rewind , rewind ? Rewind . he find the button , press it and turn back to Amy . charle somebody mail we this thing around two week ago but , in keep with we usual level of efficiency , Betty do not get around to open it `til this morning . then she bring it to I . amy what be it ? Charles close the door . 7 amy what 's the matter ? this x-rate or something ? charle something . Amy , with you encyclopedic world - wide knowledge of skank - ology -- have you ever hear of " deader ? " amy oh , sure . they be generally in they forty , kind of ex-hippy type . they still think Jerry Garcia be like " really cool " even though he 's dead . charle not dead-head ... Dead - er . d-e-a-d-e-r -- S. amy you know , sometimes they wear ponytail . dream about how great the sixty be . you see `em in the park sometimes ... charle Love of my life , go screw yourself . I be ask you a serious question . amy no , Charles . I have never hear of " deader . " charle watch the tape . Charles go to the vcr and hit the play button . Amy finish she coffee and light a new cigarette with the still - glow butt of she last one . she lean forward . on the tape the image flicker into view . it 's handheld , low -rez , clearly be shot in some dingy apartment somewhere , decorate in a " mattress on the floor / beer spray on the wall " type decor . there be around half a dozen people there , in they twenty and young . they drift in and out of frame , in and out of focus . we hear a woman 's voice -- clearly the person who be operate the camera , as the shot move about the room . this be marla chen . 8 marla ( off screen ) okay , okay . here we go . there 's Anna ... the camera hesitates for a fleeting moment on anna , a girl with bright dye-r hair ( on the side of she head that be not shave ) . Anna look , with no particular expression and go away . the camera turn toward a smudge mirror on the wall and we get a look at marla , a twenty - ish asian girl . marla here 's marla chen , official deader archivist . hello , I . he camera turn toward a door as it open and katya , a young round - face girl with dark hair , come out , look a bit nervous . marla ( off screen ) and here 's the star of the show . katya ... she give a little smile . the camera swing over toward a mattress on the floor . some of the people be tug a plastic sheet over it . one of they , and the one who clearly appear to be in authority -- a man with albino- like feature -- winter . marla and here 's we deader bed -- this be the scene of the crime . crime to be ... he camera move in on Winter . marla and here be the fearless leader of the deader ... Winter . Winter glance up , then dismiss the camera altogether . he look off screen , then raise he hand . the room quiet . we hear various voice . voice shh. quiet . we be start . Winter look up and the camera swing toward katya . she hesitates . a girl next to she start to prompt she . winter do you become one of we of you own free will ? 9 katya yes . winter be you afraid ? katya yes . winter good . fear be the place we go to learn . she hesitates . atya ( recite ) my skin be not real . my eye be not real . my muscle be not real . my bone , my heart , my vein and nerve , and flesh and meat ... be not real . what I see , what I hear , what I taste , what I touch , what I remember , what I think , what I feel , be not real . winter ( off screen ) go on . katya I be not real . the camera swing back to Winter , who gesture for she to come forward , then swing back to see she come . the various people in the room gather around as she come to the mattress . the camera move this way and that , try to get the best angle to cover the action . people spread towel on the mattress , over the plastic , as katya , naked , sit down on the towel , then lay back , flat on the mattress . inter look to the Black kid stand next to he . he come up with a big handgun -- maybe a .45 . katya I be not real ... the camera move in closer as Winter take the gun and slip it into katya 's hand . katya I be not ... I be not real ... he slide the gun over and put it to the side of she head . 10 amy ... sit forward in she seat , not quite believe what she 's see . amy Holy ... Charles ... charle just keep watch . on the tape katya be breathe fast now , but we can not be sure if it 's terror , or passion , or some combination of both . she continue to lie on the mattress , the barrel of the gun press against the side of she head . katya I be not real . I be not ... Winter reach out , hesitant , and cock the gun in she hand . meanwhile , we see other hand , reach in , press a fold up towel against the opposite side of she head . other hand come in and press a double - over pillow against the towel . katya I be not real . I be not ... I be not ... she close she eye , grit she tooth . her back arch . amy drop she cigarette as it burn down to she finger . she stand . on the tape katya hold she breath ... and pull the trigger . there 's a huge concussion as the bullet tear straight through she head . we can see it splatter out the other side , tear through the towel and the fold over pillow , which catch a great blast of bone and brain . we hear some scream in the room . amy jump back . amy have you call the police on this ? 11 charle just watch ... amy I want to know if you have call the pol ... charle I say , " just watch . " amy oh , man , do not tell I that be some special effect ... charle you tell I . amy this be sick ... charle that 's say a lot , for you . the camera be now point at Winter . there be a look of deep tenderness in he face as he circle around and kneel down , stare toward katya , who be lie , as dead as dead can be , on the mattress . blood have run from the ghastly wound down both side of the plastic , and towel on the side of the bed catch the mess . Winter reach down and gently remove the gun from katya 's lifeless hand ... and then , light as a feather , lie down on top of she . the camera move forward and down as marla , presumably , elbow she way through for a better vantage point . the camera move in close as Winter stretch out along katya 's body . he place he lip on she forehead , kissing she lightly , then press he lip against hers -- kissing she -- or maybe something else . it seem almost as if he 's breathe into she . his body move as he lung expand and expel , and he seem to be struggle toward some non-sexual climax . amy watch , both repell and fascinate . 12 on the tape Winter continue he odd ritual , finally take a great final breath , as if he 's reach the point of exhaustion , and expel it . nothing happen . he lean in close . with amy Amy lean in close as well . with winter he draw in another breath -- he seem to be in agony as he do it -- press he lip to katya 's dead one , and exhales . the breath seem to go on forever -- longer than it should . and then , when it seem as if Winter can not breathe out another teaspoon of air , katya 's body abruptly twitches beneath he -- and then she suck in a rag breath . her previously open and lifeless eye , move . her head raise up . with amy she simply stare , breathe again for the first time in a moment , unable to quite take in what she 's see . on the screen Winter , exhaust , look down at katya , smile . there 's nervous laughter , sound of relief from around the room . Winter slide off of she . katya look this way and that , presumably at the other , look down at she . a hand reach down and she take it . the camera follow as Winter pull she unsteadily up to stand . all this despite the fact that there be still a exceedingly large and obvious hole in she head ... the size of a dime on one side , the size of a half - dollar on the other . the other move in , touch she , congratulate she . she 's still a bit shaky , uncertain . then she lift one of she hand to the side of she head -- the side with the big exit wound . she touch it gingerly , confirm that it be really there . then she slowly slide she finger in . they penetrate she skull , unobstructed , to the second knuckle . katya take she finger from this ghastly wound and stare at they , bloody . yet she 's alive . Fine . 13 she look up at the other , then smile widely . the other move in , give she hug , peck on the cheek . she touch the wound again . she start laugh . katya ( as if actually realize ) it ) I be fine ... k she touch the wound again . atya I feel great ... she start laugh . katya oh , man ! oh , man ... the image cut off , go to snow . there be a moment of silence . Amy turn to Charles . amy what the hell ... charle that 's what I say . amy have you ... have you find any of this ... charle I have not do anything . I tell you , I just look at it today . by some chance be you ... interested in pursue this ? Amy hesitates , shaking she head , not sure what it 's all about . charle look , Amy . maybe this be just some kind of bull - shit shot - on - tape gore movie . and since that 's all it can be , that 's all you be go find , but it sure smell different to I . if it 's bull - shit , you will know pretty fast . if it 's not ... Amy , though , be only half listen , lose in she own thought . amy how could she ... 14 charle who say miracle can only happen at lourd ? amy who say they happen there ? she lift she finger to the side of she head , duplicate the action of katya slip she finger inside the wound . harle Amy ... you know what my father say once ... amy that all writer be queer ? charle no , that be a different time . this time , we be drive down the block and there be this fortune - tell place , you know , this gypsy fortune tell place in a store front ? and he say , " you know , if I could tell the future I would not be live in any crappy store front . " he look back at the tape . charle if I could do that , I would not be hang out in some rundown basement . I would own the earth . amy maybe they be just get start . charle maybe . amy what else do we have besides the tape ? charle just a return address on the envelope . he hold up the envelope which be address to " amy klein c/o the underground " . Amy hesitates . snatch the envelope out of he hand . she read the return address . 15 charle look like you online fan-base be grow . it 's a address in bucharest . it 's where all the euro-trash kid look for a good time be head this day . Amsterdam be so 90' . she 's shocked that he would even know . amy why Charles ... charle I still like to keep my finger on the pulse , even though I know you think I do not have one . she think about it . he hand she a thick envelope . charle you ticket , hotel and per diem . she smile . amy you know I too well . charle it 's what keep I up at night . ( beat ) now here 's the part where I be suppose to say be careful . be careful . amy always . charle call I when you get settle . she just smirk and exit . ext . eastern europe - day stock footage a train roll through the countryside . ext . apartment build - day super title : bucharest a cab pull up to the front of the building . Amy get out and walk up to the front door . 16 she pull a envelope out of she bag . it 's the one that the tape come in . she check the name on the envelope -- marla chen . compare it to a name on the mailbox . int . apartment build - day Amy walk past the lobby and up the stair . int . the second floor - day Amy make she way down the narrow dark hallway and find the appropriate door . she knock at it . no answer . she look down and see a lone fly crawl out from under the door . then another follow , and another . she kneel down to inspect it . she lean forward and sniff . the result be inconclusive . then she lay herself flat down on the floor , press she nose up against the bottom of the door and sniff . the smell of dead wretch air be overwhelming . and that 's when a large worn shoe step into frame right in front of Amy . manager ( o.c. ) ( irritate , with appropriate accent ) have you lose something ? Amy leap up in one quick move to find herself face to face with the manager , a older man who 's a little wind from he climb up here . between he tooth he clenches a half chew , three quarter smoke cigar . the smoke seep through he yellow tooth . amy yes , I ah ..... she pat she pocket . then try another tactic . amy no. I be look for my sister . marla chen . manager you be not chinese . 17 amy she 's my half sister . same mom. different dad . I have not hear from she in two week so I get nervous . the manager stare at she in disbelief . know she 's up to something . Amy sniff the air come from the room again . amy do it always smell like this in here ? the manager blow a bloom of smoke out of he nostril . he yank the cigar from he mouth and sniff . do not seem that bad to he . manager like what ? amy look . marla be a friend of mine and she 's miss . my pull a few american bill from she pocket . amy I need five minute in there . then I will know what I need to know . the manager stare at the money for a beat , then stare back at Amy . he bite down on he cigar and snatch it out of she hand . manager five minute . he pull out he ring of key and unlock the door . Amy enter . the place be dark and cold . eerily quiet . the manager stay in the hallway , he look at Amy and tap he watch . Amy nod as he pull the door close . she descend down the dark hallway . her face tighten as she take in the deathly ripe air . the buz of fly get louder with each step . as she approach a room , she recoil , clutching she face from the stench . she inhale -- draw in the smell to acclimate herself -- and almost vomit . she steady herself , draw in breath through she nose , tentative at first , and finally in larger breath , until she can tolerate it . he look back toward the entry door , she be alone . 18 int . marla' room - day Amy step in and stop , struggle to keep herself from retching . no sign of anything dead . no sound except the sinister buzzing of fly . Amy step cautiously in . she look toward one side , see a closet with a double slide door . she slide open one side , see nothing that should not be there -- a rag winter jacket , a green plastic raincoat , a hangar festoon with scarf , some other garment still obscure beneath clean bag plastic . she hesitates , then calmly slide the other side open . more of the same . she turn in the other direction . there 's a little kitchen . nothing dead there . she start forward then turn back -- stare at the refrigerator . she go quickly over and tug it open . it 's empty . not so much as a ketchup bottle . curious , she open the freezer . the same . empty . she head through the live room and down a narrow corridor lead to another bedroom . at the end of the hallway be a bathroom . the door to the bathroom be open and the toilet , on the far wall , face the door . marla be there . dress only in bra and panty , she be sit on the close lid of the john , lean forward in what seem , at first , to be a impossible angle . her hand hang forward , almost touch the floor . her head be cocked back , stare up . her skin be gray , swollen . Amy take a few step forward , for a better look . as she approach , she see the reason for the odd position of the body . a long boot - lace have be tie around marla 's neck and tie to the wall pipe on the toilet . the flesh of she neck have swollen out , almost bury the boot-lace . she have hang herself in this ghastly way . Amy take another step forward . as she do , there 's a sudden loud buzzing as the fly that crawl on marla abruptly rise up , alarmed ( or whatever it be fly be ) at she approach . but they soon return to the corpse , crawl about the face , around the edge of the glaze , eye , around the margin of the open mouth , rimmed with dry foam -- around the out - thrust tongue . 19 Amy cover she mouth with she shirt , try to filter out the stench . she back away from the body and into another room . in the bedroom Amy start to search -- fast , thorough , -- she 's do this sort of thing before . she find a journal , open it ... no write . she toss it aside . pull open a drawer . she tug out what look like a blade - less knife handle . she press a stud . a stiletto blade spring out . she toss it back in the drawer , tug some other stuff into view . some bill , some shoelace , loose change . she go drawer to drawer , look for anything that might mean something . sock , rag underwear , cheap jewelry , tee shirt and short skirt and jeans . Amy stop , surveying the territory . where to look next ? then , decide , she go to the bed . she reach under it , slide she hand around , tug out a dust - encrust skirt . feel around some more , hesitates , pull something else out . she bring it out into view . it 's a desiccate mouse . she grimace and toss it back under the bed in disgust . she stop ... then slide she hand between the mattress and the box spring . she feel around , then stop , find something . she pull out a little red paper folder -- the kind that photograph come from . she open it . it appear to be a photographic record of another " deader " party . we see some of the same participant -- we also see marla herself in some of the picture . she 's smile . Amy flip the next photograph . it show marla next to Winter . he 's hold something in he hand . Amy look closer . the puzzle BOX -- Amy turn another photograph and it show somebody hold the box out in front of marla . the picture be frame through a length of rope with a noose on one end . marla be on the other side -- almost a kind of " joke " photo . she have a kind of sickly smile on she face . Amy 's eye narrow . she hold the picture closer . there seem to be a figure lose in shadow , and the closer she look the more reality merge with the grain of the photo . what be there ? a man ? 20 Amy hear a scratch noise come from outside the room . she stuff the book in she satchel . Amy turn toward the door that lead to the hall and the unseen bathroom . she sit , silent , wait . then the sound of the scratch come again . the sound of fly rise -- and again , more distinct -- something scratch . she keep she position , still listen . nothing . just the slow steady , untrouble buzzing . she move toward the bathroom . and again there 's the tiny scratch , and the rush of sound , as if something have disturb the fly . the sound stop . the fly be still except for the occasional buzz . she advance , until she can glimpse the edge of one of marla 's hang , out - thrust hand , the tip of one finger just touch the floor . marla 's long fingernails be paint green . the bathroom she come around the edge of the bathroom door . marla be motionless . she lean from the pipe by the shoelace . the shoelace be still bury in she throat . the fly buzz up again . the glaze eye remain fix in they socket . one of she hand be not visible from Amy 's position .. we see scratch on the floor beneath she fingernails . Amy steel herself -- and then walk closer . on the corner of the sink , there 's a thick manila envelope with something bulky inside -- something that look just like a cassette tape . there 's a name write on it , and the marker be right next to it . it read " amy " Amy must reach past the corpse in order to reach the envelope , horribly close to the body in do so . she enter the cramped space and reach toward the sink . she be about six inch shy of grab it . she notice that she hip be almost touch marla 's face as she lean . the fly stir . the stench rise . she stretch closer , and marla 's body be push aside a few inch . closer and closer amy reach . 21 her outstretch finger just manage to touch the envelope . she pitch it and pull it toward she . it fall off the sink and onto the floor behind marla . now , Amy must kneel , and reach past marla face . she hold she breath as she reach long and far ... she manage to grab the envelope , but she face be almost cheek to cheek with the rotting corpse . as she pull the envelope up , she notice something else in marla 's hide hand . the puzzle BOX . Amy reach over and pries open marla 's hand . her blacken finger snap as they be pull off the box . Amy grab the box and envelope , stuff they into she bag , and stand . as she stand next to marla 's body suddenly - marla' hand grab amy leg ! Amy shriek and swat the dead hand away , fall backward onto the floor as she do . she roll over and , in a half - crawl , half - scramble , get herself back up to she foot . Amy back up against a wall , kick marla as she kick the floor . we can not tell if marla be move from the kick or if she be somehow alive . either way , its to much for Amy . she stop move . marla 's mouth emit a ghastly sound as a stream of liquid fall to the floor . its almost as if she be try to speak . Amy have see enough . up she go as she tear down the hall , through the live room and smack into the manager ! which needless to say , scare the shit out of she . he 's stand inside the now open door to the apartment . amy she 's dead ... manager Dead ... amy Dead ! she hang herself in the bathroom . call the police . 22 the manager grab Amy by the arm . he pull the cigar from he mouth and point it in she direction . Amy hear police siren in the background . manager already do . who be you ? ( point he cigar at Amy 's satchel ) what do you have in there ? in a flash Amy twist she arm out of he grasp , and sling she knee up into he nut . he double over . int . the hall and stairway - day Amy come fly down the hall at top speed . she reach the top of the stair and start down ... ... and as she do , she foot slip . she slide down five or six step , then over - balance , throw out she hand to keep she chin from hit the polished stone step . she keep slide down , finally over - balance again , flipping over and landing on she back on the landing half - way between the floor . a my dammit ! the manager look down the stair for she . he do not even attempt to chase she . manager stop she ! he curse she in he native tongue . ext . sidewalk - day Amy break through the door of the building . she hit two of the ten stair down to the sidewalk . people walk by hardly notice . up ahead , a police car be turn down the street . she stop and walk calmly , diverting she eye . the police car race by , and Amy walk faster , and faster , then run . 23 int . amy HOTEL room - night Close on a tray of ice be crack apart . it 's content pour into a open towel . Amy be sit on the floor in front of she couch , now dress in only panty and a bra -- a image unpleasantly reminiscent of marla -- especially with the spot of bruise and roughly bandage scrape on she pale skin . she have a drip ice pack in one hand , which she apply to this bruise and that -- and a bottle of gin in the other . she do not look happy . she take a drink , then look toward a tv and vcr in front of she . there 's a tape half - insert into the vcr . we can see the empty envelope with " amy " write on it , lie on the floor . he tape be within reach of Amy 's bare foot , and she lift a toe toward it , hesitant . she put she toe against the tape ... hang on the edge of decision . finally , she shove it forward with she toe . it slide into the machine . she grab up the remote and turn on the set . the image appear . it 's marla , look like she have not sleep in day , sit on a chair in she apartment stare into camera . her eye be glaze , distant . but she look a hell of lot better than she do in the bathroom . marla ( a little sad ) I know you would come . course if you be watch this tape , it 's already too late for I . but maybe you can stop it . Amy remove the puzzle BOX from she satchel . stare at it . marla he promise we pleasure beyond anything we could ever imagine . we just have to fight through the pain first . easier say than do . ( beat ) do not open the box Amy . if you do Winter win , and if he win - someone pound on a door . marla panic . 24 marla ( hurried ) go to pletkow station at midnight . go to the south end of the platform and step onto the last car . find a guy name joey who run the show and tell he I send you . he will guide you to they . the pounding get louder . winter ( o.s. ) marla ! marla save they amy. please ... winter ( o.s. ) marla ! marla leap forward and - marla that you trust the most -- trust the least . - shut off the camera . it go black for a few second , and then cut to snow . Amy sit , stare at the snow , she face empty . she set the puzzle BOX on the table and stare at it . take a sip of she drink . amy ( to herself ) do not open it . right . phone ring . it shake Amy out of she fugue . she lean over pick up the receiver . a old style phone . amy yeah ... int . charle rickman' office - night Charles sit at he desk . he be twist pencil in a small plastic sharpener . ( intercut conversation . ) charle do not tell I I wake you up . I will not believe that . 25 amy you know I do not sleep when I be work . what do you want , Charles ? charle you be suppose to call I . amy you know I , I dove right in . I be gonna ' call you tomorrow . charle the thing be ... I start think . amy you know that 's never a good thing Charles . Amy look at the puzzle box on the table . it seem to be reflect the snow of the tv set in some strange form . she look closer , it 's a abstract image of a little girl scream . she compare it to the tv set , it show only white static snow . charle look . I know the crazy stuff you do for a story . amy that 's what I get pay for . charle and that 's why I hire you . it 's just . just ... the thing be , Amy ... some thing you should not do , you know what I mean ? Charles finish a pencil and blow off the shaving . amy like what ? charle look , I say this to you , but in my heart I know that one time it 's go to happen ... that you be go to end up , I do not know -- dead or god know what . but when it do happen , I do not want it to be my fault . she watch the image of the little girl fade . 26 amy okay , Charles . I will make sure it will not be . charle you know , you be mess with my conscience , here . Amy ... amy Charles , I can not do the sensitive thing . I do not know how . I get the message . I know the message before I get it . okay , mommy ? you have have a change of heart ? you want I to come home ? well I can not . not until I know the truth . so there . you be off the hook . I gotta go . int . amy HOTEL room - night Amy hang up . she wait a moment , hesitates -- then take the puzzle BOX from the table . she begin to explore it 's edge with she finger , roll it over and over in she hand . it start to unlock . she jump as it begin to change shape , and set it back on the table . Light seem to emanate from within as it click into another form . the table beneath it seem tremble , the ice in she drink tap against the edge of the glass . figure appear in the darkness behind she . pinhead . here we go folk - the phone ring . she nearly leap out of the chair , strike the puzzle box with she hand . the puzzle box close . pinhead vanish back into the shadow . amy Charles , I get the message . ok ? you my editor , not my mommy ! ( long beat ) Charles ? Amy wait . but there 's no sound . amy hello ? hello ? a sound come over the line -- a hoarse gurgle sound - a ghastly wet sound - the same sound Amy hear come from the throat of the hang marla . 27 marla ( through phone , wet choke voice ) do not open ... the line go dead . she shove the whole phone away from she . she sit , breathe fast for a second , stare at the box . quiet . only the sound of the snow on the tv . she stand and pull she pants on . int . subway station - night a thunderous noise trail a subway car as it streak out of a station . lit with cold fluorescent light , Amy , now dress , with she sunglass in place , slide she card through the slot and shove through the turnstile . she descend the long , non - work escalator -- the only one on it at this time of night . she reach the subway platform . it be virtually empty . Amy have come down stair that land she just about in the middle . she scan the far end of the platform , past a lone figure in a shiny GREEN plastic raincoat who lie motionless on a bench . - a couple middle - aged guy in security uniform , maybe head for some night shift somewhere , stand , not move , hand thrust in pocket . she turn back to the bench but the figure in the shiny GREEN raincoat be go . she take up a position at the far end of the platform . she wait . a moment later , a bit of a breeze start move she hair . a few second later , a train come roaring into the station . Amy watch the car pass she , one by one , as the train slow . the train be virtually empty . one car after the next roll by as the train slow . finally , as the train move slowly to a stop , a car different from the other come in . this one , for some odd reason , seem to have newspaper cover all the window -- tape up from the inside . 28 one of the door of the cover car come to a stop directly in front of the spot where Amy be stand -- the spot mark by the stencile puzzle BOX . there 's a pause , then the door slide open -- just one the one set in front of Amy . the other stay close . the interior of the car be dark -- the light , apparently , be not work . a tall odd - looking man in a conductor' uniform be stand there . he gesture toward the adjoin car . onductor next car . amy be joey on this ride ? conductor come on in ... she enter . the door slide close . the train pull out . int . subway car - night the interior of the car have be transformed into some odd - ball cross between a very small nightclub and a crackhouse .. as the train pass out of the station , and the light dim , we can see the light from joint and crack pipe -- or at any rate something be smoke in some kind of pipe , glint in the darkness . various hand reach up and tug down the newspaper , and the tunnel light come in , provide a flicker , constantly change illumination . in the uncertain light , Amy can see the various celebrant hang out -- some on the seat , some on the floor , some dress , some partially undress , some engage in desultory drug use , other in desultory sex act -- mostly teenager and twenty - nothing . Amy look around , not particularly effect by the oddness of the scene . the conductor touch she arm . conductor down that way ... she thread she way through the tangle of people . in the flicker light she catch glimpsis of pale human flesh , pierce face , pierce nipples -- pierce thing that we can not even be sure what they be . expression flash by in the flicker light , some dull , other laugh . 29 she pretty much ignore it all as she make she way toward the rear of the car . a rat feed on the content of a young woman 's purse as she and another woman be tangle in passion . there , illuminate in flash , joey , a thin ill-shaven English guy in he mid-twenty be sprawle on a seat . one of he lower eyelid have a ring in it . it flick up every time he blink . he read a newspaper while a woman bob she head up and down in he lap . joey look up and spot Amy . he point a accuse finger at she , but he mood be good - nature .. joey ahhhh , now here come a dare soul . a person commit to a just cause . another seeker of the truth no doubt . joey be clearly smitten with Amy . joey ( cont 'd ) I like what I see inside of you . amy be you joey ? joey I have be call worse . he brushes the hair of the woman in he lap , then offer Amy he hand . joey and I have the privilege of meeting ... Amy look at the woman in he lap , decline a hand shake . amy Amy klein . marla chen send I . I be look for a girl name katya . another young girl with red hair and half she head shave . a guy with glass name Winter . joey 's eye narrow . something have clearly click . he laugh slightly , start shaking he head . joey and the plot thicken . do not tell I you be mix up with that mother fucker . tell I Amy klein , do you even know what they be about ? 30 amy that 's why I be here . I need you to help I find they . joey oh , jeez . Moral quandary time here ... what should he do , what should he do ? if he tell she -- the hopefully available and eminently fuckable damsel be throw into the pit of oblivion -- or anyway be potentially fuck up for life . and that would be such a regrettable waste . if he refrain from tell she ... she may yet be save . a possible trophy await I . angel and devil on the shoulder ... hmm . angel , devil , angel , devil . oh , the hell with it entropy 's destroy everything anyway . why should not I do my part ? a my tell I what you know about the deader . joey you first . what do you think they do ? amy I think they bring the dead back to life . joey be that what you really think ? amy who be they ? where can I find Winter ? joey some people say Winter 's some sort of fuck - up guru , some say he 's not human , and other say he 's not real . but there be a place they hang out -- that who believe I mean . amy where be it ? joey hesitates . a part of he clearly do not want to tell . amy joey ... joey angel , devil , angel , devil . 31 amy if you do not tell I , someone here will . joey yeah , you see , now that 's the problem . you have get that fuck up self - destructive thing go on . amy I be already into it . joey angel , devil , angel , devil Amy produce the puzzle box from she pack . joey look at it like he 's just see a ghost . joey this be make I very unhappy ... he push the woman from he lap . he 's more serious now . joey ( cont 'd ) poteilari and minvara . on the northeast corner , two door down , there 's a stairway go down into a close up building . it 's always lock , and they be not always there . I do not know where they be when they be not . and once you get mix up with they -- it 's like that story with the tar baby -- chance be you never get loose , and if you do , you never get clean . the " conductor " shout from somewhere . conductor come in ! hand promptly reach up , cover the window with newspaper . the conductor go to the door . the band finish its set as the light from the station shine through the newspaper . joey , look drab in the steady uneven light , stare at Amy . joey I can not take responsibility for you . amy I be not ask you to . Amy begin to walk off . joey lean forward , for the first time he seem sincere , almost forebode . he shout over the break train . 32 joey Amy klein , I be do a change of heart thing here , which do not usually happen with stranger , but I be try to give a little back , it 's this whole karma kick I be on -- do not do it . do not go any deeper . forget about it . move away . Change you name . become somebody different . the other member of the car watch the two of they . amy can not do that . I have get that fuck up self - destructive thing go on . joey yes you do . the one door hiss open . Amy stare at joey for a second , turn and depart , back into the fluorescent light station . joey call after she . joey only he can bring you back ! int . subway platform - night Amy stand on the platform as the door hiss shut . the train pull away . she check she watch , then move to the other side of the platform . she look down the tunnel . the light from a approach train be beginning to reflect off the curve wall of the tunnel . she turn back in the direction she just look . Far down the platform , there 's a bench with a lone occupant - - a slump over figure dress in a shiny GREEN raincoat . she turn toward it , stare . in the distance , no detail of face or form be visible -- just the lumpy figure in the shiny green raincoat . she take a step toward it , but still can not make out any detail in the slump over figure . she approach ... as do the train . there be no sign of movement . she come around , closer to the edge of the platform , to get a more direct view of the green-coate form . as she do , she see that one hand be drape off the front edge of the bench , hang limp . the hand be gray . Amy take a step forward . 33 his eye pop open ! he look at she with large black eye , dead eye . dripping from beneath he raincoat be a small pool of fresh blood . Amy gasp , take a step back -- and she heel land on the edge of the subway platform . she struggle for balance . abruptly , a man 's voice come from somewhere . voice Amy klein ! Amy stumble forward , go down to she knee and turn . around twenty foot behind she , stand on the edge of the platform , with he back toward the drop , be - - winter , wear a black trench - coat , cinched at the waist . he look down the tunnel . Amy do as well . the train be come into the station . she turn back toward Winter . he stare at she , with malevolent eye . and as the train come fly in , he calmly fall backward , directly into its path . Amy scream . in a instant she 's up , run alongside the brake train . the door open , but virtually nobody come out . the front of the train be still far ahead . amy hey ! you hit someone ! someone fall in front of the train ! hey ! hey ! the door hiss and start to close . finally , Amy reach the front window of the train . she hammer on it . it open and a middle - age woman be face lean out -- the driver . amy somebody fall ... somebody fall in front of the train . driver where ? where be he ? where would he fall ? amy back there , way back ... she look back in the direction from which she 's come . the bench be now empty . T 34 driver aw , damn ... dammit ! Amy , though , be now look , this way and that -- at the confuse face of people peek out through the door of the train . there be no sign of Winter ime CUT : int . train station - later the train be still there , door open . there be transit cop on the station , disgruntled passenger hang out on the platform ... track worker be poke around underneath it . Amy be lean against one of the metal pillar , stare at the empty bench -- at the place where the mysterious figure be sit . she 's look grim . behind she , a track Worker approach the driver , who 's stand with a pair of Transit cop . he 's shaking he head , shrugging . the Driver curse , head back toward the first car . one of the cop approach Amy . cop well , the man have look . amy and there 's nothing there ? cop you do not seem terribly surprised . amy hmm ? there 's a sudden hiss . Amy turn as the train door close . cop I mean , you do not seem terribly surprised that there be not somebody under the train . a my I do not know what to say . I see he ... cop yeah . that 's the thing . can you tell I again , just what it be that you see ? amy um , I be stand on the platform ... 35 the train start to move out of the station . Amy look toward it . the train be move on one of the center track , so that you can look through the window of the car and see through they to the platform on the far side . amy ...and , um ... I see this man stand on the edge of the platform , face away from it . but now Amy be see something -- through the window of the move train . on the platform on the far side , there be a lone figure , the man in the black trench - coat . Amy jump , look more closely . cop do he say anyth ... amy it 's he .! in a instant , Amy be tear down the platform , head for the stair that connect to the platform on the other side . cop hey ... Amy be watch , stare through the move train window . the figure be still there . Winter be stare at she - cop hey , stop ! tomislav ! tomislav ! n the next instant , the cop be give chase , and another cop , clearly , the " tomislav " call by the first cop , further down the station , be rush in to head Amy off . amy it 's they ! over there , over there ! n the next instant , tomislav tackle Amy and she go down on she face . even with the rather large cop on top of she , she 's still struggle . amy God damn it , get off of I ! get the hell off of I ... get ... she keep struggle as the first cop , and the other on the station , converge on she . she look toward the far platform . 36 the figure be still there , visible through the window of the depart train . then , the last car of the train pass , leave a unencumber view of the far side . the platform be empty . no sign of Winter . no sign of anybody . Amy stop struggle , as the cop tug she arm back , handcuff she . she hardly notice , but keep stare at the empty platform across the track . she glance up at the cop . panting tomislav look down at she . then circle he finger around he ear to he comrade . they all understand . tomislav ( in romanian ) she 's crazy . int . police interrogation room - day Amy sit slouched in a chair look particularly pale . the door open behind she . she hear a familiar voice . charle ( o.s. ) be this where they keep the cheaper whore ? Amy glance up at he , without expression . charle Christ , you be lucky to have a boss like I . once again , I have save you small but relatively shapely behind . amy least you get to travel . what be they go to charge I with , anyway ? charle charge you ? they be think of shipping you to the government asylum for observation -- and believe I if you go in there , you do not come out . but through my mastery of international negotiation I manage to convince they that you be merely irresponsible . you get you stuff ? amy yeah . charle come on . 37 slowly , feel she bruise , Amy get up . ext . police headquarters - day Charles and Amy walk and talk . it 's pissing down rain . Charles hold a umbrella for the two to share . amy why would you give I this story ? charle who else would have take it ? either they be go to think it 's bull - shit , or they be go to be too afraid of it . but Amy klein ... tell I it 's real Amy . amy it 's real -- or I be crazy . charle well , either way , it 's a good story . amy I have get lead . I will know in the end . charle you know , Amy dearest , for the average person , hunger for knowledge be like hunger ... for food . we want to know just enough to take the edge off we appetite . then we be satisfied , and we stop . but you ... you be like a glutton . you can not help over - eat . amy I do not see you complain . charle but you see , that 's the point . that 's why I need you . because all that stuff I do not eat ... I still want . so I send you in to do the eat for I , and so I get to experience it , without actually suffer any mental indigestion . amy that 's for I ... charle nobody 's force anything down you throat . correct ? 38 amy no . charle you see , Amy , you never grow up with all this Catholic god and guilt stuff . it do not mean anything to you . I worry about god and heaven and hell . not during the day , you understand , but around three in the morning , it keep I up . I want to know what 's come . what 's up in heaven and down in hell , or even if there 's nothing . it 's useful , when you be make plan . so go find out and we will tell the world . amy you know , Charles , there 's something vaguely demonic about you . charle do you know , the word " demon " come from the Greek word for " knowledge . " as in " demonstrate . " amy no , I do not know that . Charles shake he head , disgust . charle american education . they're in front of Amy 's Hotel now . Charles flag down a cab . charle then back to you room , lie down in you coffin until the hour of daylight have pass , as be you wont -- then go get I my story . a my you do not have to worry . charle I never do . I be not here to save people and I be not here to judge they . I just take `em as they come . and use they as they pass by . I will be at the soffitel . 39 Charles hop in the cab and drive off as Amy walk up the step to the Hotel lobby . Amy watch he go , wave , then spin back towards the curb . she flag down a cab and hop in . ext . poteilari and minvara - day a rag , run-down place , look bleak and ugly in the bright light of day . we see the street sign , identify the place -- poteilari and minvara . a cab pull up and Amy get out . she cross the street , pass one side door -- and then come to a building that 's be seal up -- door and window cement shut with cinder - block . Beyond a narrow railing be a stairway , press up sideways against the building , run down to a basement entrance . Amy look down the stairway to it 's narrow bottom . the stair and the bottom be litter with trash . a filthy mattress lie at the very bottom . Amy head down . ext . the bottom of the stair - day at the bottom of the stair , there 's a wooden door . a hole have be punch through it and a heavy padlock chain have be thread through it and through a heavy hasp that 's be bolt to the door frame . some official government notice of some kind have be tack to the door -- long render unreadable by the effect of time . Amy inspect the padlock . it 's heavy and uncompromising . she tug on the door and it open to the limit of the chain -- but that 's only a few inch . Amy peer into the darkness beyond , but can not see a thing . she look down at the mattress that she 's stand on , step to the side and shove it up . then , as if the light break , she reach out , grab the hasp and pull . the bolt hold the hasp to the wall be loose . they slide out with it . she tug the whole thing free and pull the door open . there be a narrow corridor beyond , all in gloom . Amy enter . int . the corridor - day Amy step in , she way illuminate only by the indefinite light that leak in from the street . 40 there 's a archway , presumably lead into the rest of the basement , on one side , but it 's block by a great heap of rubble . Amy ponder the chance of get through it , and decide to check out the rest of the hallway . she work she way through a series of ominous corridor . Amy sense that she be not alone , stop , and turn around . no one . she continue . there be only a single door leave -- at the far end of the hallway . it hang half - open , but we can not see what 's inside . she approach it , reach out and push the door open . it 's a bathroom . as she enter we see a figure beyond she in the hallway , bury in the shadow . int . the bathroom - day this be one of that nasty little makeshift place build into a available corner -- basically a toilet and a sink so close that there 's hardly room to move . a mop and some other supplies , long forget , be propped up in a corner . Amy step in , look down the toilet . nothing leave but some nasty stain -- the water long dry up . her face brushes against something hang in the air . she pull back . it 's a pull string hang from a naked light bulb . she tug on it . nothing . no power here . she stand in the dark , claustrophobic place , puzzle . she look back down the hall . it seem as if she 's come to another dead end . then she stare at the bathroom door . open now , it block a piece of the bathroom wall -- the only place she have not look . Amy step back , virtually straddle the toilet , and push the door close . as she do , of course , what little light there be , vanish completely . if there 's something behind the door , she can not see it , or anything else . abruptly , there 's a sharp click as she light she lighter , and the waver light illuminate the tiny bathroom -- and the previously unseen space behind the door . the wall do not meet there . there be a narrow gap , lead to a passage , apparently " between " the wall , perhaps ten inch wide . 41 hesitate only a moment , Amy turn sideways and slide herself into the claustrophobic slot . she hold the lighter up ahead of she , but its dim flicker light do not reach to the end of the passage . she move forward cautiously -- the floor be litter with dry chunks of plaster , rotting insulation -- seventy - five year of stuff crumble from the inside of the wall . as she disappear into the tunnel , the door slowly open behind she . pass across the rusty doorknob , a menace blade appear . Inside the tunnel , Amy reach a vertical pipe up against one side of the wall - - only a few inch thick , but it reduce the available room to under eight inch . she hesitates . meanwhile , the lighter in she hand be get hot . she let it click off . in some dim half - light we can see she slip a handkerchief carefully around it , for insulation . she flick the flint . the lighter light . and , abruptly , around a million roach , which have return from they hide place in the absence of the light , go skitter every which way . Amy let out a squeak as the roach vanish in a instant . amy Christ ... she look at the pipe again , and then start to squeeze past it . it 's a tight fit . she have to squirm to get through . amy welcome to club anorexia ... she pop free and come out the other side . she hold up the lighter . still the light can not reach to the end of the passage . steeling herself , she move on . but as she do , the space seem to get progressively narrower and narrower . from ten inch to nine , to eight , until both side of she body be scraping against the wall . she hold the lighter out . the wall continue to narrow . at the end of she outstretch arm , the wall be only around five inch apart . amy what the ... 42 clearly , she 's reach the end of the line . annoy , she start to back out -- then realize that the light on the far side of she body render the area into which she 's now move essentially black as midnight . she bring the hand hold the lighter close in to she body , but she can not bring she hand together in front of she -- the space be too narrow . finally , she reach she hand up , over she head , pass the lighter from one hand to the other directly over she head . as she do , the lighter almost slip . she grab for it , but it go out . again she be lose in virtual darkness . she strike the flint . it flicker but do not light . as she strike it again , it light something in there with her ! Amy do not see it , we do ... and it have a knife in its hand . the light return -- now illuminate the other side of she body -- the way from which she 's come . but , because the space be so narrow , she can not turn she head towards the entrance . once again , the roach go skitter away . and Amy start head " back " from where she enter . her head face away from she progress backward , try to squeeze through . she hold up the lighter , it light the area " ahead " which she cannot see . the flicker fire expose the figure await she . the wall on this side now also seem to narrow . the space reveal by the light be barely as wide as she fist , and there be only darkness beyond . darkness , and the figure with the knife . Amy sense something be wrong . amy what the ... she continue , but now she can barely move a few foot before the wall become too narrow to pass . she push , try to shove through the narrow gap . but she cannot move . the wall have literally close in , until she be now squeeze between they . panic set in . gasp , Amy push against the wall she 's face . try desperately to turn she head around . she force with all she might to turn she head , she facial feature stretch almost comically . she finally get it around . 43 she be face to face with the knife as it come ripping through frame , narrowly miss she arm . Amy scream and drop the lighter . now in darkness , she scurries frantically away -- back deeper into the space . Amy start struggle , panic grow on she , try to climb , to crouch , to tug free in some direction , but she movement be very limited . the wall seem to close in on she . she be struggle to breathe against the press wall . the figure keep advance towards she . amy stop ! please stop ! stop this ! she 's flail she arm now , frantic . the knife - wield figure struggle , have difficulty as well . one of Amy 's hand fly back and hit the wall behind she . now she really panic , she hand desperately scraping along the wall look for anyway out . there be not any . she look back toward she attacker , who 's now right on top of she and raise the knife for one final blow . Amy brace for the blade 's impact as she push against the wall when suddenly she - Falls backward onto the floor . her heart pound . her breathe heavy . she check she arm for wound . there be not any . she look up . the figure be go . she stand , confuse , and find herself in a empty room . some discard junk , a pile of loose plaster . she leap forward , and nearly trip on a piece of rubble to get the hell away from the entry . odd thing be ... here be no entry . she whip herself around towards the sound of someone sharply exhaling . she look this way and that , but can not see the source of the sound . the attacker ? a pale light be visible , come from around a far corner . someone step into the light . a young black kid . he hold a finger up to he lip . 44 black kid shhhh ... follow I . he signal she to follow he . Amy move cautiously forward . a adjoining room the wall have be partially tear down . the light come from a adjoin room . Amy approach cautiously , remain in the shadow , and lean forward , stare through a gap in the wall into the room beyond . the various participant , some of whom we recognize from the videotape movie , be stand crowded around something on the floor . Amy can not see just what it be that they be stare at , at first , but she do see that one of the one gather there be katya , complete with the hole in she head . she nervously put a a finger into the hole and inspect the blood . the sound of the exhalation be come from the unseen place . then somebody in the circle move , to get a better vantage point , and now Amy can see , clearly , what be go on . Winter be lie on top of the corpse of a young man , breathe into he mouth as he do with katya . a almost sexual encounter yield the same result as the tape . he take a final deep breath . and then , as before , the Young man gasp . Winter pull away . as he do , we can see the Young man 's face , smile , despite the knife that be lodge into he chest . winter grab the knife and yank it out . the other come forward , help he up . Winter stand and somebody slip a robe over he body . he promptly look straight at Amy , still hide in the shadow . winter I have a room of my own . kindly join I . he throw the knife at the wall , where it embed itself in way further then it should have , and walk away . Amy move away from the open . she circle around , through a doorway , and into the space that she be previously watch . she move forward hesitantly , try to avoid the touch of the various occupant , who do not behave aggressively , but clearly press forward , into she personal space . she look this way and that , try to find where Winter have go . 45 a hand come down on she shoulder . she turn suddenly . it 's the Black kid . he gesture . black kid Winter 's through there . he point toward a doorway , lose in shadow . Amy notice on he point hand that he wrist have be deeply slashed . she look down to the other hand , which the kid politely offer for she to examine . Amy back away through the crowd . follow she be the recently revive Young man , who 's still completely naked . he smile at Amy . she move away , and through the door to Winter 's room . int . winter be room - day this be a small , dark space , light come mostly from a rather conventional - look stand lamp . in the shadow beyond the little space of light be a confusion of half - open door , wall and shadow , half light room with un - guessable occupant . Winter be there , sit in a padded chair in front of a coffee table , read a book . Amy step inside . Winter do not react to she presence . abruptly , the door close behind she . she hesitates and walk forward . winter Amy klein . amy you know I . winter I choose you . Amy pause , unsure , then move forward and take a seat opposite he . amy that be a hell of a way in . make I think that you do not want ... winter people come in here the way they want . if it be difficult , then that be the way you want it . a little danger . a little mystery . that 's what you expect . that 's what you find . 46 winter put the book down . his attention be now on Amy . winter ( cont 'd ) be you afraid , Amy ? just now ? and during you little " rite of passage " through the wall ? amy yes . be it real ? Winter smile , he display amusement to Amy 's suspicion . winter and be you afraid when you see marla chen ? of what you find in the bathroom ? amy yes . winter you take something from she ? Winter study Amy . winter ( cont 'd ) do you have it with you ? Amy open she bag and produce the puzzle box . she lay on the table between they . amy what be it ? winter my great grandfather create that box . he leave it as a... gift . a way to cheat death , a entrance to everlast pleasure , and it belong to I . though there be other who would disagree . amy marla warn I about it , about you . winter really ? should I be honore or afraid that you be here , Amy klein . do you really think you can just go along with we for a little ride and then get off when it suit you ? like you new friend on the train ? you be not go to find it so easy to get off this train . 47 amy so I should not get on ? winter you already on it . do not dance with I , Amy klein . do not think for a second that you be not in danger . you be in more danger than ever imagine possible . amy what the hell do that mean ? Winter lean into Amy 's space . inter listen to I . there be thing that be true in the light of day . there be other thing that be no less true , that live in the shadow . when you shine a light on they , they disappear . they stop be true . that 's because it be the uncertainty of the dark that make they possible . if the dark be deep enough ... anything might be happen in it . anything at all . I be one of that thing . amy what happen to marla chen ? what do you do to she ? he stand and walk away from Amy . inter marla ? why , I accept she , that 's all . that 's all I have ever do for the people who come to I . amy she do not want to become one of you , whatever the hell you be . that 's why she kill herself . winter oh , but she do . and what make you so sure she 's dead ? winter study Amy face . inter ( cont 'd ) we all die , over and over and over again . marla can not commit suicide . all she can do be stop believe that she 's alive . and she can not even do that . ( more ) 48 winter ( cont would ) the more she doubt , the deader she become . but she will never really die , because she 's not really alive . amy that do not mean anything . what I see in that room be real . what I smell be real . Real like this table . she rap on the table with she middle finger , palm up . she then lift she hand up keep she middle finger towards Winter . amy Real like , like this hand ... in a flash , almost supernaturally , Winter pass seemingly through the chair and be front of Amy , she hand hold tightly by he . he reach up with he other hand and uncurl Amy 's finger . winter you say this be real ? he begin to move he finger over she hand , enumerate the various part . winter epidermis . the dorsal fascia . transverse carpal ligament across here ... the process be take on a oddly seductive quality . winter the median nerve underneath it . down here , the carpal bone ... and do you think that all that part be what make a hand ? I will show you what make a hand ... here ... he begin to move he finger through the space in between she finger . Amy be freeze still . flashback : int . room - day ( flashback ) close on a door be unlock . we recognize it from the open montage . slowly , it be pull open to reveal : a little girl stand there - frighten . 49 int . winter be room - day back to scene . winter ( cont 'd ) this space . that what make a hand . you get it by take thing away . you , Amy klein , be the infinitesimal speck that 's leave when we subtract the infinite possibility that the space you occupy might have hold . flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) the little girl kick and scream . she be pull out of the closet . we never get a clear view of the man , but we know he be pure evil . int . winter be room - day back to scene . Close on Amy 's hand , tremble in Winter 's grip . winter ( cont 'd ) ( refer to she hand ) this thing here be not a presence . it 's a absence . it 's a place where thing be miss . in all essential quality , it be less than nothing . in all essential quality , we be less than nothing . not solid , not here , not real . Amy find herself respond , fall under he spell . flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) the little girl be pick up under the man be arm , and pull away . his grop hand move seductively , and violently . she be carry away out of sight , kick and scream . flash CUT to : 50 int . deader' dungeon - day Amy awaken from the trance . she be lie down surround by the deader . winter stand above she . winter what do you see ? amy nothing . inter what be you afraid of , Amy ? amy I be not afraid of you . winter yes you be , but still you can not run -- you will not run . ( study she ) I wonder why that be ? ( beat ) I be no devil . I be no monster . Amy , I will never hurt you and I will never leave you . Amy do not answer . Winter extend to she a knife . winter ( cont would ) accept my gift . no more fear . no more question . no one can ever hurt you again . for a moment she appear to consider he offer . then , as if waking up ... she shove herself back away from Winter . amy no , get ... get away ... but now the Dead be there , surround she , reach out for she . they begin to chant . Winter take the puzzle BOX and place on a makeshift altar at the head of the mattress . deader ( recite ) my skin be not real . my eye be not real . my muscle be not real . my bone , my heart , my vein and nerve , and flesh and meat ... be not real - 51 winter lie down Amy . it will only hurt for a second . I promise . amy you be crazy . deader - what I see , what I hear , what I taste , what I touch , what I remember , what I think , what I feel , be not real . winter no more pain . only pleasure . the deader start to grab onto she . she start to panic a little . amy ( cont would ) no ! she fight she way from the group and ... int . HOTEL bathroom - night Amy smashes through a vertical plane of safety glass , smash it into a thousand tiny fragment as she go crash back , through it ... her head hit hard against a tile wall and she go slide down , in the dark , she hand scramble for something to hold onto . her reach hand grab some metal handle . she pull ... and abruptly , water begin to cascade down onto she face . she turn herself sideways and roll over , gasp . she 's in a bathtub ... in fact she 's just be throw through the safety - glass door . she scramble over the bottom edge of the slide glass door , scraping herself across the tiny peg of glass that still line the border of the frame . she pull herself up , she hand feel for a light switch ... finally , she find it , flip the switch . she 's in the hotel bathroom , slump over against the sink . soaking wet , scratch , shaking , gasp , she stare at herself in the mirror . 52 there 's a tiny square of glass stick into she shoulder . she tug it loose . it clink as she drop it into the sink . amy it 's not real ... it 's not real ... she lift she hand to wipe the wet hair from she face ... then pause . she turn toward the bathtub . she reach through the shattered door and turn off the shower . int . amy HOTEL room - night the phone ring . she snatch it out of its cradle . amy hello . charle ( through phone ) Amy it 's Charles , I know it 's not too late . amy you just can not go too long without hearing my voice . charle guilty . look , Amy , I have be think about the story about what happen , maybe this be not for you . Amy grab the puzzle BOX off the table . she spin it in she hand . amy Charles , you know I value you opinion - charle - she say with condescension - amy - but if there be ever a story I be bear to write , this be it . charle I think it 's too dangerous , for a lot of reason . amy this be not like you . 53 charle I know . I be go to hate myself in the morning . amy I be just a little ... fuck in the head . that 's all . it 's just a funk , but I be fine . all I need be some sleep . charle ok . I just think I would put it out there to see if you would bite . I should have know better . it go against my instinct . a my that 's what I love about you . I will call you tomorrow . ( beat ) hey , Charles , do you know that the word " demon " come from the Greek word for knowledge . charle yes I believe I have hear that somewhere before . amy well , I wish somebody have tell I about it . she hang up , and shut off a light on she way to bed . flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) close on the little girl sling under the man be arm , as he carry she down the hall . she 's scraping at the wall , the door jam , anything to try to free herself from he . her hand sweep across a small table at the end of the hall , smash over a glass vase . smash CUT to : int . amy HOTEL room - later the room be dark , drain of all color the way thing appear when we see in they in almost total darkness . 54 Amy 's lie in bed on she stomach . the sheet have crumpled off of she . she 's dress only in she panty . abruptly , there 's the sound of a wettish " thud " and Amy seem to bounce a little . her eye open , but she be not alarmed . still lie on she back , she flick she eye this way and that , but , see nothing , she close they again . a few second later , we see some black liquid trickle across she shoulder , come from the unseen center of she back . it follow a course down she backbone , then swerve and find a path along the inner edge of one of she shoulder blade , finally trickle down she neck . it continue to flow , stain the pillow by she face . she stir slightly , clearly feel the trickle . she put she hand to she shoulder , smear the black liquid . still half - asleep , she try to " brush " it off ... but it continue to flow . finally , she eye open . she sit up painfully and look at she hand -- stain with this sticky black stuff . she stare at it , not quite awake enough to figure it out . she reach over she shoulder , pull she hand back , stain with the black stuff . she look down at she pillow , also stain . confused , she rise , painfully awkward , and head toward the bathroom . we can see that she foot leave blackish wet footprint across the floor as she move toward the bathroom . int . HOTEL bathroom - night she move in , stare in the mirror -- see the side of she face and she shoulder , smear with black . she fumble for the light , flip it on . in the sudden , shocking glare of return light , color abruptly re-enter the world ... and the black of the liquid that 's stain Amy 's face and hand , that track the floor of the white - tile bathroom , that smear the wall where she flip on the light switch turn instantly to its true color -- the color of blood . Amy gasp at the sight -- she look like she 's just crawle out of a slaughterhouse . she reach behind she , feel she back , try to find the source of the blood that seem to be pour out of she , drip to the floor , pour down the small of she back , stain the back of she panty a vivid , ghastly red . 55 in a sudden impulse she turn on the water in the sink full blast , wash away the blood from she hand , scoop handfuls onto she face and the front of she body . the water drip to the floor , commingle with the blood , turn it a nasty pink . she reach behind she back , feel again -- she hand come back as vividly red as before . again she wash they . she stop dead , see something in the mirror . something be glint between she breast . she touch she finger to it . it look like a tiny bit of gleam metal , poke out from inside of she , almost like a tiny steel splinter . it appear to have just barely break through the skin from " inside " -- barely a drop of blood . she stand stare down at it , breathe fast . what the hell be it ? then , slowly , almost against she will , she turn she back to the mirror and look over she shoulder . she see -- and we see for the first time -- the center of she back where she questing hand could not reach . there be a knife there , literally thrust through the middle of she back . the gleam splinter between she breast be the tip of the knife that have literally transfix she -- and clearly transfix the center of she chest -- she heart . she strain she hand back , try to reach this impossible thing , but she grasp finger can not touch it . she turn back toward the mirror , stare into she own eye . amy it 's not real ... it 's not real . she clenches she eye ... open they . her finger feel desperately for the metal tip between she breast . it 's still there . amy wake up ... wake up ... wake up ... she start slapping she hand against the side of she face -- not gently , hard slap . but she be not " waking up . " she grab she hair , pull hard . nothing . she 's still there . the knife be still stick , impossibly in she back . she sit on the close seat of the toilet ... not know what to do . she reach again for the knife , but she can not touch it . she bury she face in she bloody hand . 56 amy I be dream , I be dream ... ( scream ) i'm dreaming ! she stand , turn this way and that , not know what to do . she look around she bathroom , search for something . she tug open the medicine cabinet , search beneath the sink , tug the various stuff out . whatever it be that she 's look for , she can not find it . she spin back to the mirror . open it . slip back against it wedge the knife handle between the door and the medicine cabinet . holding one hand against the mirror , she start to push away , wince in pain . we can see the tiny silver tip between she breast vanish from view , draw back inside she body . slowly , make a wet , sticky sound , the long thin knife begin to slide out . with a gasp she heave out ... and the knife go fly . it bounce on the floor , splattering blood . with shaking hand , Amy bend over and pick it up . she stand , stare at it . it 's some kind of nasty stiletto . Amy stand , stare at it . a flashback Amy search marla 's drawer , tug one open -- press the stud on a stiletto . on this stiletto . int . HOTEL bathroom - night she look down toward the floor . she be literally stand in a pool of she own blood . she gasp , turn back toward the mirror . blood be pour from the wound . gasp , almost cry , Amy stumble back into the main room . with shaky hand , she pick up the phone , then realize that she 's still hold the stiletto in she hand . she drop it on the table . her bloody finger press in the number -- 9 - 9 - 9 ( emergency ) . she wait , stand in the middle of she dark hotel room , shaking , bloody . she can hear the phone ring and ring . finally , there 's a click as the line pick up . but there 's no voice on the other end . amy hello , hello ? hello ? be there anyb ... 57 then she stop dead . there be somebody there , and make a sound we have hear before . the nasty gurgle that Amy hear when she try call marla 's room . marla ( through phone ) only he can bring you back . she slam the phone down , tear the cord from the wall . as she turn to fling it she hear the sound of a man speak . she turn at the sound . pinhead be stand across the room from she , read from one of the book on a tiny bookshelf in the corner . pinhead ( read ) " -- to all of we - there come the close of the door - the entrance - the exit - so that one may pass no more out or in ... " he close the book , turn toward she . pinhead Walt Whitman . I like you taste in book . amy come with the room . along with the uncomfortable couch . Amy put the phone back on the table . amy who be you ? why do you do this to I ? pinhead I do not . believe I , when I want to hurt you , it will be more than a scratch . amy then why the hell be you here ? why be you in my room ? pinhead this be not you room . it 's mine ... amy what ... 58 pinhead this be my room , my building , my street ... my world . you still can not believe that you be in the " real " world , can you ? I mean ... you have just have a a knife run through you . should not it hurt ? amy it 's a dream . I be dream ... pinhead no. dream come to a end . nightmares be forever . he approach she . she back away . pinhead you have be recruit as a soldier in another man' war . a war he will never win , that I can assure you . amy I do not know what you be talk about . pinhead you will . soon enough . but one should not worship false god . especially when that false God be themselves . amy I be not a believer . pinhead oh you will . tell I , do you believe in Hell ? look down at the blade jutting out from she chest . amy start to . pinhead you open a door . he pull you in . but the only way out -- be through I . he step towards she . she grab up the phone , fling it . it hit the far wall and fall to the floor . Winter 's go . she reach a hand behind she , to she back , bring it back , red with blood . 59 a moment later we see Amy roll a towel up into a tight cylinder . hand tremble , she lay it across a wide strip of duct tape that she 's unwound from a roll and laid down on the table , sticky side up . she press the towel down so that it stick , then pick up the tape , with towel attach . she slide the towel down the center of she back until it cover the wound , and then tug the tape tight across she chest , compress the towel against the wound . she take the tape and awkwardly loop it around the towel and herself a couple more time , finally bite through the tape and toss the roll away . she yank yesterday 's clothes up , discard the skirt in favor of a pair of black jeans . she tug they up over she bloody leg , pull a black shirt on over she top , thrust she bloody foot into a pair of heavy shoe and finally tug on a black leather jacket . she go to the mirror , turn , try to see how she profile look with the towel stuff in she back . she turn , about to leave ... then realize that she hand be red with she own blood . she hurry to the sink , rinse they off , and rinse the blood off of she face and neck , then grab she bag and head out the door . ext . amy HOTEL - night Amy come unsteadily down out of she Hotel . ext . dark STREET - night more shadow than light . she come around a corner and onto a narrow street , move fast , she foot make loud echoey clip-clop on the street . there 's a bum , dress in rag , lean up against the wall of a building . as she approach he , he stir slightly . then she look more closely . the man be eat something very crunchy . he stare at she blankly as he pick cricket off the wall and devour they , one by one . he offer she one , and smile . 60 Amy leap back , turn and run . some distance down the street , there seem to be a flicker of light , a trace of noise . she scramble toward it . it 's come up from a subway grate . she throw herself down on it . down below she can hear the roar of a subway train pass below . indirect , flicker light shine up from below . she look up . there 's a subway entrance . she hurry toward it . int . token booth - night Amy come down the stair . no sign of life . the fluorescent light flicker - some dead . Amy fumble for she metro card . this be one of that unattend entrance with entry through the top-to-bottom turnstile . she start through the turnstile . then with a squeak , it stick and she find herself stick half - way through , unable to move forward or backward . she try to back out , but the thing will not turn in that direction . she heave forward . it finally give way . she look this way and that , back through the turnstile , she see she bloody footprint lead all the way through . Amy hear footstep echoing towards she . through a large mirror at a intersection , she see the source of the footstep . a cop on the beat . Amy look down and see she be stand in a pool of she own blood . the footstep get louder . she see a stack of newspaper next to she on a stand . she grab one and throw it down in front of herself to cover the blood . it soak throw in no time . the cop be near the corner . she grab another , then another , and throw they down . the pool of she blood leak from under they all . the cop round the corner , he have a baton he tap against he leg . Amy grab the whole stand and tip it over . with a loud smash , it spill the newspaper everywhere . as the cop walk in front of Amy , the blood be hide beneath the pile of newspaper . Amy bend down to attend to the mess . she make eye with the cop and shrug she shoulder at she " mistake " . the cop smile and nod , and keep on walk . the sound of he footstep vanish down the corridor . 61 Amy collect herself with a few deep breath , and move on towards the platform . int . subway platform - night Amy stand on the platform as a train whoosh into the station at hyper -speed then stop instantly in front of she . the door hiss open and Amy be greet by the tall odd - look conductor . she push past he . int . train - night the train lurch forward as Amy make she way through the usual crowd of celebrant . she find joey sit court in the middle of the train car . he 's wear a pair of terminator sunglass . Amy approach . his face seem sickly pale in the flash light . he move abruptly , a slight turn of the head -- toward she . joey well look who 's back . what now ? amy I need ... please ... please help I . joey help you with what ? Amy hesitates a instant , then tug open she shirt , revealing the gaffer 's tape that hold the roll - up towel to she back . she work at it . finally , it tear . she tear it straight down the front of she chest as joey watch , passive . her chest be stain with blood . she lick she finger and wipe the blood away from the middle of she chest . joey 's eye narrow . he lean forward to study it . he lean in closer , hesitates , then lean back , look Amy in the eye . joey wow , be that real ? Amy do not react . 62 joey okay , you be not in the mood for my light - heart banter . what the hell , this be not my idea of paradise either . amy I do not understand . why be not I dead ? or be i? please ... joey life , death , they be not all that different , really . you can find you death in you life . you can find you life in you death . round and round and round you go . amy please , help I . joey I be help you . amy then explain what the hell be go on . why do I have a knife bury in my back ? why be I see dead people walk around ? why be there a guy with pin in he head stop by in the middle of the night for a chat . she get in he face . amy why be I not dead ! there 's a jolt as the train start to pull into the station . the light from the station begin to illuminate the inside of the car more clearly . joey lean back from she . joey whoa . it 's time to give in Amy , you be just fight it too hard . forget about the truth , forget about reality , just sit back and enjoy the ride . there 's nothing you can do anyway . we be all just piece 's in Winter 's little puzzle . amy the box . joey you be willing to do anything to find the truth . ( more ) 63 joey ( cont would ) that 's what I find most attractive about you . well , that and the fact that you have a great ass . you and I be the same really , we be both willing to take it as far as it will go , to the edge , to the extreme . ( beat ) you know what we biggest problem be Amy klein ? neither of we know when to get off the God damn train . the train jerk to a stop , toss Amy a little . she regains she footage and turn back to joey but in the flicker fluorescent light , joey 's skin suddenly look sickly pale . amy joey ? he do not answer . he do not move . amy joey come on . let 's get off the train . right now , you and I . he still do not move . Amy reach out a shaky hand and take he glass off . amy ( voice trail off ) you and I ... joey 's eye be empty , glaze . he 's dead . not only be he dead , it 's clear that he 's be dead for awhile . then she freeze when she realize the sound have completely drop out around she . all she can hear be she heart beat . she slowly turn around to find that all of joey 's celebrant on the train be also dead and surround by the familiar buzz of fly . some of the dead be hang from the hand rail by hook and chain , they throat slashed , eye gouge , bullet hole in the head , etc ... a large female cenobite be sewing the fillete skin from one deader throat open to reveal he vocal chord . he make a sound at Amy and he chord vibrate . but there 's this one coke head guy who be snort a line when Amy get on the train . 64 he look normal as he snort up the last rail off he hand - hold mirror . she study he for a moment when suddenly he turn to she and we get a good look at he face . the entire leave side of he face have rotted away and we can see the powdery coke lining he decaye leave nostril . coke -head guy look like the party 's over . suddenly all she can she be the loud roar of the train . Amy stumble back , turn to run into the next train car and smack right into - marla chen . a horribly decaye marla chen . at first Amy be confuse but then something click behind she eye as she shove marla back down the train car . amy ( scream ) why do you do this to I ? the train screech into the station and the door hiss OPEN . marla we have to go ... amy ( louder ) why ? marla I do not have any other choice . Amy look down at she shirt as blood begin to soak through it . amy what 's happen to I ? marla you be die . ( beat ) like I . marla grab she hand and start to pull she along . 65 marla please . we have get to go ! amy where ? marla that 's for you to decide . Amy look around the platform , as if decide what to do . there 's a little panic in marla 's voice . marla you see , that 's the problem right there . I be suppose to help you . like ... like Winter help I . but I do not know if I can . amy then why be you here ? marla to try ... because I have no other choice . no turn back now - ( be :how she look ) know what I mean ? amy no , I do not . I do not know one God damn thing anymore . ( beat ) I just want to go home . marla give she a comforting smile . marla then let 's go home . they jump down to a abandon track and head into the darkness . int . subway tunnel - night a strange twist tunnel with eerie blue light . pipe run along the ceiling , drip water and hiss steam . Amy and marla march quickly towards camera . amy marla what ... what happen to you ? 66 marla I put my head through a noose and I jump ten foot down . they cut I down , and Winter breathe into I , and I be alive . and everybody be happy ... and like , congratulate I ... marla 's eye be wet with yellowish tear . marla and for a while , it be great . but it 's like be a tightrope walker ... you be walk along on this rope , and then all of a sudden , it 's like you realize -- I be walk on a rope a hundred foot up in the air . and that 's when you fall . ( struggle to control herself ) I try to end it . that 's when you find I . amy why be you do this ? why be I here ? marla for the reward from it all . the tunnel start to take some weird twist and turn . they stop and marla turn amy in she direction . the place start to tremble , a train be approach from far off . marla but it be not enough for somebody else to stick a knife into you . you have to come to the point where you can do it to yourself -- that 's the acceptance . the final preparation before you give you soul to it . willingly . amy but why ? what it be all for ? marla that 's the miss link . that part he keep to himself . but he promise a eternal paradise fill with the ultimate pleasure . we just can not be afraid . and we can not have any doubt . ( introspective ) guess I screw up on that part . 67 the tunnel be narrowing , the train be right around the bend . Amy turn to the sound of the rumbling train . marla fear be where you go to learn . Amy spin back to she . " huh ? " marla sorry . I tell you there 's no turn back Amy . only he can bring you back . Amy 's attention be on the train , it roar in at full throttle . winter amy ! Amy turn around just as the train be about to run through they to find winter , arm open for she . winter ( scream over the train ) all road lead home . int . a bed - day Amy 's eye abruptly pop open . she 's lie on a white pillow , with white sheet tuck up over she . she turn she eye to one side . there 's a hospital curtain , the kind on a railing , pull close around she . she look down . she 's lie in a hospital bed . she try to move , but she realize she hand and leg be tie to the bed by large leather strap . Charles be there , in a chair , watch she . charle good morning . he take a sip of coffee . she struggle with the strap . charle Amy do not fight it , it 's only go to make thing worse . her eye dart around the room in a panic . amy what the hell happen ? 68 charle I do not hear from you . I go over to you hotel . you be lie on the floor ... cover in every kind of stuff that can come out of a human body ... she remember . amy the blood ... Amy look down at she gown , expect a large red stain , but there 's no blood . charle okay . every other kind . amy I do not ... I mean I do not ... charle you be sort of ... have a psychotic episode , sweet . Major mental blow -out . and frankly , it 's about time . Jesus you be tie down for a day and half . ( off she look ) listen , I be try to get you out of here , back to London , but with the damage to you hotel room ... they be not go to be so quick to let you go . Amy take a look around the psych ward . patient walk aimlessly , mumble to themselves , argue with unseen opponent , rock back and forth in catatonic state . charle look , Amy , you probably will not have to stay ... Amy feel a sudden rush of relief . a little nervous laughter . amy hey , Charles , Charles ... this be the best news I have have in a long time . charle well , there you go . a whole new definition of optimism . amy what about marla chen ? the story ? 69 charle they find she dead in she room . she hang herself . amy they find she . you mean the police ? charle yeah . she would be there awhile . probably do it right after she send we the tape . amy where be she ? charle Jesus , I do not know . do it matter ? amy no , I guess not . charle but this be a good story too . call it , " my psychotic episode " -- or , wait , maybe " psychotic - episode one . " or " psychotic Pilot episode . " you know , some play on word with episode . ( look around ) look , there 's a lot of raw material around here . emphasis on the word " raw . " maybe they will let you use a feel - tip pen or something to take note . somebody pull the curtain aside . it 's a orderly . his name tag identify he as M. kircher . this guy 's a little out there , like maybe he 's be dip into the medicine cabinet a little too much . his eye nervously scan the room , like somebody 's watch he . kircher well look who 's back . how we feelin ? she motion to the strap . amy trapped . kircher sorry . they be for you own protection . the way you be flail around when they bring you in -- somebody be bound to get hurt . ( he chuckle to himself ) get it . bound to get hurt . 70 Amy do not laugh . do not even crack a smile . amy do not quit you day job . charle ( to kircher ) what 's say we lose the charm bracelet for now ? ( turn to Amy ) unless of course you somehow find all of this -- stimulate . amy do not drag I into you fantasy Charles . ( to kircher ) please . kircher oblige and scribbles something on a folder at the end of the bed . Charles lean over , give she a little peck on the cheek . as he do , he whisper to she . charle ( whisper ) I will see about get a camera in here ... he stand , wink at she . charle feel better . ( beat ) when you get a chance , check out the public area . it 's a swinging place . I mean , like , they be literally ... swinging . he head out . Amy watch he go . she wait a beat , and then hop out of bed . she look around for nurse and orderly but there 's no one around . she exit frame . int . psych ward / common area - day blank wall light with flicker fluorescent lighting . there 's a tv hang from ceiling in the corner show time - lapse photography of a bloom rise ( a little homage to the original hellraiser . ) we move to find a various assortment of patient , but none of they be watch the tv , they be too busy entertaining themselves and they invisible friend . 71 Amy enter cautiously , feel a little threaten by the other patient . she look around , not sure where she should plant herself and then she see she - a little girl ( age 6 ) sit off by herself in the corner of the room draw picture . a few of they ( a half human / half monster claw at a closet door , a child scream , a child run from the monster , a child hold a butcher knife , etc. ) be tape on the wall behind she . Amy walk over to she . there 's just something about she . amy mind if I join you ? little girl please . I be draw picture . amy I can see that , they be lovely . little girl want I to draw you picture ? amy I would like that very much . the Little girl stare at Amy and focus in on she feature . we can not see what she 's draw as she little hand start to move across the sketch pad . but there 's something a little off . her hand do not move like a six - year - old would draw , it move with the confidence and control of a adult 's . Amy try to get a glance at the portrait . the Little girl pull it close to she . little girl no peak . amy I be sorry , you be right . with a few more stroke the draw be complete . the Little girl study it , pleased with herself . she spin it so Amy -- but not the audience -- can see it . close on amy -- she eye wide with terror . little girl what do you think ? 72 amy Pov as we get we first good look at it . it 's Amy 's face as a cenobite , twisted and stretch in a way that begin to reveal the skull around she dark empty eye . there 's also that nasty knife wound in the center of she chest with hook stretch the skin back and to the side . little girl ( o.c. ) I only draw what I see ... Amy . Amy back away from she , tremble . amy how do you know my name ? the Little girl giggle . Amy turn to the other drawing that the Little girl have tape to the wall . T hey too now all look like cenobite , some look like deader , one look just like winter ... amy no ... this be not happen . Amy get up to run but then she freeze when she see - marla sit on the opposite side of the room . but here 's the thing . she look fine . Amy walk over , hesitant , confuse . amy marla ? marla do not seem to recognize she . amy ( cont 'd ) marla ! you be alive . marla you say that like it 's a good thing . marla take a long quiet look around the room and then lean in close , unable to keep up she charade . marla ( whisper ) you know he 's watch we . amy who ? S 73 marla Winter . this be where he send all the trouble maker . tries to show we who 's boss . tries to make we believe . amy so it be real ? marla as real as you want it to be . we all have we own version of the truth , some be just more screw up than other . but you would not know that , because you still do not know the truth . amy I do not understand . marla you will . you see that 's the point . all this , " deader " , " cenobite " , whatever you want to call it , it 's all about solving the puzzle . part of that puzzle be you . find the secret that be hide within you . marla poke a finger at Amy 's heart . right on she wound . marla - in there . and as soon as you find that , as soon as you face it , you will be free . once and for all . he pull back into she chair . marla ( cont 'd ) I -- I be still look . a my but what be it all for ? marla ultimate pleasure -- more than anyone , even that who have solve the puzzle before we , have ever know . condition of the nerve ending the like of which you imagination could not hope to evoke . marla stare at Amy deeply . the break into a smile . marla ...at least that 's what they say . 74 marla look around the room to see if anyone be watch she and then she take Amy 's hand and lean in close . marla Problem be Winter can not solve the puzzle . only a few choose one -- with just the right amount of depravity and loneliness in they soul -- can. beat ) so he 's be on this quest for year , search for that mythical person who be both willing to join we and can also solve the puzzle . and it would seem , Amy klein , that that person be - amy me. marla bingo baby . sorry . she 's try to give Amy a clue without tipping off anyone who might be watch she . marla he have to be there for you Amy . and he will be . like he be for all of we . that 's the key . without he , you can not come back . it 's you he want . its you he need . remember that above all . marla look down at Amy 's chest . Amy follow she stare to find blood start to soak through she hospital gown . Amy 's eye begin to glaze over . marla look like you be run out of time . Amy leap up from the table and suddenly marla be go . in fact the whole room be empty and dead quiet . a pool of blood lie beneath she seat . she stagger a bit as she move forward . int . corridor - day the main corridor . it seem to go on forever . Amy turn back to the common area . empty . the she hear the familiar sound of a little girl scream . it 's faint and echoing . 75 Amy turn back down the corridor to the Little girl 's voice . marla ( v.o. ) it 's all about find the truth ... Amy start to slowly make she way down the long cold corridor . with each step she take , the wall of the corridor become whiter , slowly bleach out . she look below she and see the blood now drain from the wound . she stumble back slowly and turn as the little girl scream continue . then she hear the banging and rattling of a door . like someone 's fight to get out . flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) amy father half walk , half stumbling out of one of the room at the far end of the corridor . he 's dress in a stain white tank top shirt , he eye glaze and distant . he 's know the source of the noise -- and he 's piss . int . corridor - day back to scene . Amy keep stumbling down the corridor . flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) now Amy be within the flashback . she look good , no blood , almost peaceful . her father look down the corridor toward Amy , but do not seem to see she . he turn and storm off in the opposite direction . Amy can not believe what she 's see , but she can not help herself . she follow he . int . corridor - day back to scene . 76 Amy be stumbling more than walk as she grow weaker with every step . her eye begin to glaze over and she vision be beginning to blur . she look down to find the trail of bright red blood trail behind she on the otherwise pure - white floor . when she look back up she find herself in - flashback : int . hallway - day ( flashback ) the hallway from Amy 's childhood home . her Father be now only a few step in front of Amy as he reach the door to he office . he turn into it and we follow Amy as she step into the office behind he to find - int . father' office - day the closet door rattling at the far side of the room . the Little girl ( who we now realize be a young amy ) be scream on the other side . we now know this door . her Father march toward it , he rage building . int . corridor - day back to scene . Amy scream out to he . amy leave she alone ! int . father' office - day ( flashback ) his hand tighten around the knob . he open the door , raise he free hand , ready to strike a powerful blow . young amy stand there quietly , with the sweetest smile on she face . then he sees the knife . the butcher knife in young amy hand . 77 but it 's over in a blink as she quickly bury it deep in he chest . he stumble back from the closet in slow-motion as - int . hospital corridor Amy scream . she react to the violence . her vision be blur and fade fast as she life rush out of she . she turn back to she Father and everything be in slow-motion as we - intercut : her Father stumbling back . Amy lose consciousness . her Father fall backwards . the knife bury up to the handle in he chest . Amy hit she knee and wobble there for a beat , try to hold on . her Father 's head fall backward . Amy 's head fall backward onto the floor . Young Amy stand there and stare without emotion we hold tight on amy face from above as she eye flutter close . and then - Young Amy all alone in the world . stands there over the body . we see for the first time a smile from the young girl . int . winter be room - day amy eye SNAP OPEN as we quickly boom up to find she lie on a mattress in the middle of the floor surround by - the deader . she 's in the middle of the ritual . the deader be all chant . marla and joey be there . deader ( o.c . ) my skin be not real . my eye be not real . my muscle be not real . ( more ) 78 deader ( cont would ) my bone , my heart , my vein and nerve , and flesh and meat ... be not real . what I see , what I hear , what I taste , what I touch , what I remember , what I think , what I feel , be not real . with a glance she can see that the puzzle BOX , in its solve configuration , sit on a make - shift altar at the head of the mattress . winter be tower over she at she foot . he hold out a knife -- the familiar stiletto -- for she to take . winter you have go through this before Amy . go through it again -- with I . Amy have a sudden look of resignation , mix with a little relief . she reach out and slowly take the knife from Winter . winter that 's it . I know you be the one . the second I see you , I know you be the one . the chant continue . deader my skin be not real . my eye be not real . my muscle be not real . my bone , my heart , my vein and nerve , and flesh and meat ... be not real . what I see , what I hear , what I taste , what I touch , what I remember , what I think , what I feel , be not real . Amy look at marla . she look deader then ever . she chant with the other . Winter hold the knife closer for Amy . Amy look at the puzzle BOX . ray of light start to stretch out like hand and swirl from the puzzle BOX . the room start to rumble . a black void start to take shape and swirl behind they . Winter be pleased . winter it 's work . I know it . he kneel down next to Amy . 79 winter say it with we Amy . you have to say it with we . Amy 's hand start to tremble . amy I can not . winter yes you can Amy . you be one of we now , all you have to do be take this final step and let the pain go . and welcome a world of ultimate pleasure . a arm , bluish white , stretch out from the void try to grab joey who duck it 's grasp . the deader break the circle around Amy as more arm reach out from the void . the voice of torture soul , twisted and warpe , scream out for help in the wind that burst out of the void . hook and chain reach out and grab the outstretch arm , drag they back into the void . back into Hell . the deader turn to Winter -- they be all a little freak out . from the look on they face it 's clear that this be not at all what they expect . joey where be the naked chick ? the oil ? the orgy ? it 's not what Winter expect either . winter ( calm ) finish it Amy . amy I can not . winter ( scream ) finish it ! Amy steel herself with sudden resolve . amy I do not think so . 80 and with that Amy slam the knife into the makeshift alter next to she . and that 's when - pinhead step through the void and into this world . a few cenobite follow . all the deader step back - this be weird ... even for they . Amy leap up and stumble back as pinhead slowly approach Winter , carefully study he as he do , until he 's right in Winter 's face . pinhead I see that evil do run in the family . inter be play it tough . but it 's all a act . pinhead you lineage be of a craftsman . you should have stay in the family business . I sacrifice my mortal self for that box . winter it 's mine now . it belong to I . pinhead that 's where you be painfully wrong . we belong to it . winter it create you , and it can destroy you . ( to Amy ) Amy , finish it ! pinhead when it be do with I -- perhaps -- but I be afraid one 's own personal hell be eternal , as you will soon see . pinhead take in the puzzle box on the makeshift altar , the deader , Amy . pinhead the box be not just the map of the road -- it be the road itself . winter the ultimate experience . 81 pinhead experience be a funny thing boy , it like to test we first and teach we later . be you sure you can pass the test ? be you sure you want to ? winter you can not hurt I . pinhead smile . pinhead it 's not the first time I have hear that . and then it's hook and chain time . they reach out from the void all around Winter and stab into he . he scream out in complete agony as they tear at he and stretch he limb to the point of rip they off . and then they stop . pinhead and it will not be the last . Winter 's scream subside as a rush of pain surge through he , numb he . he 's just able to turn he head to pinhead and crack the slight " fuck you " smile . Winter try to talk , but the skin around he mouth be stretch too tight . pinhead when you attempt to challenge evil you enter into my domain . there be no way in but through I . pinhead get in close to Winter 's face . pinhead careful what you wish for . now we can see the terror in Winter 's eye . pinhead it just might come true . Winter scream as he be finally tear apart by the chain . pinhead turn he attention to the deader . 82 pinhead this world , it obviously disappoint you all . perhaps that 's why you choose to begin this journey . and as long as you so willingly accept , allow I to finish off what he start . and out of the darkness a oversize menacing chain come flying out , harpooning straight through the midsection of all the deader line on the right side of Amy . pierce they at all different level . then another chain harpoon the deader on the leave side . the deader look like fish on a stringer . they dangle there , suspend by the chain . pinhead ( to Amy ) and as for you . you open the box , you bring we all together . you choose wisely . I be pleased . amy I do not want any of this . they use I to open the box . I do not choose to do anything . Amy look to marla , she 's get the fear of god in she . pinhead see Amy look for help . pinhead she 's one of we now Amy . now a guide to the far reach of pleasure . to a world where suffer be take to higher level . amy please . pinhead you open the box . amy I do not mean to . I only want the truth . pinhead and now you have it . but knowledge come with a price -- and it 's time to pay . amy what about they ? 83 we see the cenobite now with snake- like tongue work they way up the line of deader towards Amy . they be prepare each one as they pass . poke they with large pin , pierce they , stitching they , fillete they , etc ... pinhead they belong to I now . they offer themselves willingly through he to I -- and now it 's time for you to do the same . Amy grab the knife from the floor and point it at pinhead . pinhead it will not be that easy this time . but yes , you Father be with we too . and he 's wait for you . this word pierce through Amy . she look at marla , now barely hang on to any sign of liveliness . her head lift up to Amy . arla you be here to stop this Amy . he need you soul willingly . do not let he take you . do not go willingly . marla look at the knife . Amy get it , she only have one way out . marla can see the uncertainty in she eye . marla its over . Winter be go . you can not come back . you will not become a deader ... or one of they . marla look to pinhead , then back to Amy . they both know what she have to do . marla ( she final word ) only he can bring you back . Amy see the meat hang off the chain . it use to be Winter . she glare at pinhead with a sudden look of confidence , like a light bulb have go off and she can finally see she way out . she raise the knife high in front of she . the two snake - tongued cenobite move in closer to Amy . they can not wait to have a little taste . for a moment , pinhead be pleased , then Amy begin the deader chant , but reverse its meaning . 84 amy pinhead my skin be real . my eye be it 's too late to save real . my muscle be real . my yourself . you soul be mine bone , my heart , my vein and and mine alone . you Father nerve , and flesh and meat ... be wait for you . he miss be real . what I see , what I you so much . hear , what I taste , what I ( louder ) touch , what I remember , what the only way out Amy klein -- I think , what I feel , be be through me. real . the cenobite freeze for a beat and turn to pinhead . they have not see that before . she stare pinhead right in the eye . amy I do not give my soul to he ... Amy point the knife at what 's leave of Winter . amy ... and I be not give it to you . and with that Amy thrust the knife into she chest . pinhead scream out . pinhead no ! the room start to fill with a bright light . the puzzle box start to close as - pinhead and the boy be suck back into the void , which close behind they . Amy look up from the knife plant deep in she gut - - and smile . she tip out of frame as the screen bleach white and we - smash CUT to : int . charle rickman' office - day where we suddenly find ourselves lose in some bright flicker space , fill with the sound of static . abruptly , the static vanish , the flicker space congeal -- and we realize that we be watch a television screen . and as we pull back , we realize that we be see a news report on from snn ( Satellite News Network ) . 85 we be in Charles 's office . he 's there watch this new report . image of what appear to be a terrible explosion fill the frame ( stock footage from a terrorist attack in London perhaps ? ) Cars on fire , implode building , panic in the street , etc ... the door open and he assistant betty come in . she watch Charles for a moment . ) betty I just talk to the Police . still , nothing . she 's just go . Left she hotel , leave she clothes , leave she money . no sign of she anywhere . charle see no Amy . hear no Amy ... betty just like marla chen . apartment just leave empty . no trace . the police say its to early to file a official report . ( off he concerned look ) do you think they she with foul play ? charle ( off the tv ) I do not know , I just do not know . ( beat ) too bad , too . it would have make a hell of a story . ( beat ) I be sure she will come walk in here any minute , carry with she my story . Charles watch the report on the tv . pandemonium in the street . it 's a hell of a story , too . it just get better and better . and it look like I just may need somebody else crazy enough to go get it . betty maybe you have . you three o'clock 's here . Betty lean she head out of the room signal someone out in the hall to come in . 86 a young bombshell reporter enter , hold out she hand to Charles who suddenly perk up as he take it and lead she to the couch . as he do we move past Charles and the young reporter to the tv . a reporter report live from the scene of a terrible explosion in - reporter ( v.o. ) bucharest , Romania . over the continue image of this destroy building , surround by police car and fire truck , the siren blaring over all the confusion , 's Charles court the reporter . charle reporter ( v.o. ) miss Turner . it 's a pleasure witnesses say the building , to meet you welcome you to locate at the corner of we team . let 's cut right to poteilari and minvara just it , shall we. implode . firefighter have I receive this tape which I be on the scene for several would like to show you ... and hour now . source say the well , I think it 's a story only thing that seem to you could really wrap you survive the collapse of the head around . I hope you building be a this , ( she willing to do so ... hold up the puzzle box ) this small relic , find incredibly , undamage . we move past the image of the puzzlebox on the tv and settle on the framed photograph of amy and charle in happier time - - smile . probably the first time we have see a smile on amy face since the last time we have see this picture . we get a sense that maybe she 's finally at peace . fade out : the end