hellboy 2 : the golden army written by guillermo del toro fade in : ext . manhattan street - night 1 superimposure : manhattan . 10.30 p.m. Park Avenue in mid-december . on the lamppost , Xmas light sparkle over street slick with slush and rain . limousine line up for a public function . 2 ext . blackwood build - night 2 superimposure : blackwood's auction house under black umbrella , wealthy man and woman exit the limo and enter a stately ten-story building . on the facade , a sign read : tonight - treasure of pre -christian europe . a shadowy figure lurk in a alley near the corner . his feature be hide by a broad-brimmed hat . he watch as - the guest present gleam , golden invitation to the security people at the door . shadowy figure ( in elvish , subtitle ) I will go up first . you will enter from below - he address wink , a eight - foot tall troll with grey skin and a huge scar over he leave , empty , eye socket . his right hand be miss and he sport a heavy iron mace instead . a plume of breath escape from he brutish mouth . shadowy figure ( cont 'd ) and remember wink - ( beat ) do not be shy . he extend he arm and with a swoop , he climb the wall , up , up , like a bat . five floor up ... 3 3 int . sale room - night camera linger on the bloat feature of a stone fertility goddess . hellboy 2 2 auctioneer pre-celtic votive sculpture be in granite and have be date circa 700 b.c . like the guest , the auctioneer be dress in formal wear . tv monitor display the image of the statue so the bidder can have a closer look . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) we will open the bid at two hundred thousand dollar . a distinguished buyer raise he hand - auctioneer ( cont 'd ) two hundred and seventy - five , and ... we have three hundred , thank you Mr. Van hausen - Three hundred thousand once - a female bidder raise she hand - auctioneer ( cont 'd ) and Three hundred and fifty thousand , thank you Mrs. bernstein - as the auction carry on , a steward leave the room and head down - 4 int . corridor - night 4 -a darken corridor where other steward wheel auction lot to and from the sale room . the steward notice a open window at the end of the corridor . he lean out and look down . ten storey below - a snow - cover alley . suddenly , he see the shadowy figure above the window frame , cling to the smooth granite wall !! steward what the h- Quick as lightning , the shadowy figure cover the steward 's mouth . when he withdraw he hand , the steward 's mouth have vanished !!! the shadowy figure grab the hapless man by the lapel , haul he outside and dangle he over the void . Far below : a spike wrought-iron fence . hellboy 2 3 shadowy figure a silent human - almost as good as a dead one ... ( beat ) almost . he release the steward , who fall - - down - - down - - down - tkkct !!! flail in utter silence . all the way . onto the fence . the figure slip through the window and move into the - 5 5 int . sale room - continuous auctioneer and now , for we next item . lot # 777 . two steward wheel in a oaken box and open it . nestled in maroon velvet be a eight -inch , ornately decorate arc of gold . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) a once -in-lifetime opportunity . for the first time in auction . a piece of the Royal Crown of bethmoora ... a precious artifact dating from the atrebatean period . exquisite workmanship in 24 carat gold . the light flicker briefly , provoking murmur from the audience . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) please - please - lady and gentleman ... may I have you attention . as I be say , observe the fanciful creature adorn the outer surface , figure from a lose mythology ... the light go out completely . from the sudden darkness , the shadowy figure speak up . shadowy figure lose - ? not at all . forgotten by you perhaps , but very much alive . bellboy 2 4 a few emergency light come on , revealing the shadowy figure , who walk down the aisle to confront the auctioneer . auctioneer Sir , would you please identify yourself ? I see no badge or - shadowy figure shall we just say that I be the rightful owner of this piece ? he seize the artifact . the auctioneer grab a phone and hit a button . auctioneer ( to a steward ) Security - call Security - this be a outrage - an- the shadowy figure reach into he pocket and throw a handful of seed at the auctioneer 's foot . auctioneer - outrage of - krrrrr - k the seed sprout into massive , thick branch and root and instantly engulf the auctioneer amidst coil of wooden branch , crush he . they grow and grow until they crack the ceiling !! soon the auctioneer disappear , and in its place stand a compact , twisted tree . tiny creature emerge from its branch and crawl around the trunk . crash !!!!! four security guard come fly through the side door and land in the aisle with a thud !!! the spectator scream . wink walk in . he carry two large iron box on he back . on the side of the box a royal seal , emboss in the metal . people cower in the corner , scream in terror and disbelief . wink shrug the iron box to the floor with a clang !!!! Inside they , little claw thing be scrabbling - mewl , fast and hungry !! at the shadowy figure 's signal , the troll open the cage ... and the people 's scream redouble . hellboy 2 5 shadowy figure May this remind you all why you once fear the dark ... a multitude of eye glint in the darkness , row and row of tiny tooth shine greedily . they lunge at camera . CUT to : 6 ext . bprd headquarters - night 6 Guards with german shepherd patrol the fence line . searchlight sweep the surround wood . Super : bureau for paranormal research and development trenton , n.j. 10.08 p.m. 7 int . broom' library - night 7 a Christmas tree glow next to the fireplace ; mozart be play on the aquarium 's underwater speaker . float in warm water on a cloud of bubbles be abe sapien , lose in the music . a blurry figure approach and rap a ring finger against the tank : it 's tom manning , chief FBI liaison to the bprd . look dyspeptic , he press a folder against the glass : top secret . manning hey , fishstick - we gotta talk . $ int . freak corridor - night 8 as they walk down the hall , man show abe . manning look at that - each photo cost a fortune to suppress . and then , naturally , they pop up on the net . camera move in on abe 's breathe apparatus . it 's sleek , more modern , fitting snugly to he gill and neck . his goggle be new , too . he examine a photo of hellboy bound down a city street , brandish he mighty , high - caliber samaritan . he 's look straight at the camera lens . bellboy 2 6 abe oh , Lord - he 's smile in this one . manning I know - it 's not just the money . it 's the provocation . this be ask for trouble . his ego - man lean close to a voice- recognition security mike . manning " man-n ... " he enunciate each syllable perfectly , then turn to abe . manning ( cont 'd ) - be out of control . and I think it 's all deliberate on he part . ( beat ) he hate I . layer of steel door trundle open in sequence . abe no , he do not . he 's just - enthusiastic . as they approach hb 's room ... manning ( cont 'd ) how be thing between he and Liz ? abe oh , you know . the usual . since they move in together - good day and bad . on cue , the concrete wall explode !'.! a massive ball of FIRE swing the final steel door open , almost tear it off its hinge . abe ( cont 'd ) then again , there be the really bad day - man and abe cower behind a pillar . once the explosion die away - hellboy 's reveal , lie on the floor , he back smoking and in flame . hellboy oh , hi Blue - man - he put out a small flame on he forearm and step into the room . hellboy 2 7 hellboy' voice ( yell at Liz ) well - I be not afraid of you ! you hear ?? abe and man peek inside - 9 int . hellboy' room - continuous 9 hb stumble around the rubble , wreathe in smoke . he hold a bunch of blacken lps and 8 - track cassettes . hellboy ( yell at Liz ) look - I have one rule ! one - " do not touch my stuff - " Liz appear , shimmer in a halo of blue flame . hb 's pull a few lp album out of the garbage bin . liz you have the same album on CD , lp and a 8 track - a 8 track !!! hellboy you can not listen to Al Green on a CD !! you just can not !! oh , and 8 track be the way to go - one day mankind will realize its mistake . liz what about I ? I need some space ! not much , but just enough to find - to find - my - toothbrush . she flare up , lose control ... hellboy be that what this be about ?? you toothbrush 's right there , behind you - ( Liz turn ) there - there - with the cat food !! wrinkling she nose in disgust , Liz pluck a toothbrush from a heap of spill cat kibble . liz damn it , Red - there 's no room for I here . you can not just act like - suddenly , the alarm sound . hellboy be elate . bellboy 2 8 hellboy oh , heavenly bell be ringing ! 10 10 int . garage weapon area , bprd - night surrounded by rack of weapon , abe , hellboy and Liz suit up . tight -lipped and grumpy , Liz don black army pants and a leather jacket . she jam a automatic handgun into she utility belt . they move into a vast garage , big as a stadium . it house a fleet of plane , car , boat , helicopter and tank . they load weapon and ammo on board they usual transport / mobile quarter - a garbage truck . the perfect gentleman , hellboy hold the door open for Liz . the truck interior have be refurbish with more high - tech equipment . as the engine start and the headlight blaze ... CUT to : - night 11 11 ext . east side auction house the cop have surround the building and helicopter hover overhead . 12 12 ext . nearby alley - night the bprd garbage truck pull to stop . 13 13 int . garbage truck - night completely refurbish , with a bank of monitor and a large digital world map , tracking each paranormal . manning oh , jeez - do you see the crowd ? he offer hb a couple of cigar and light one for he . manning this be midtown Manhattan ... will you promise to be careful ? you will use discretion ? hellboy 2 9 hellboy piece of cake . in and out ... no one will see I . you have my word - a sarcastic guffaw from Liz . hellboy ( cont 'd ) ( glaring ) I can be discreet if I want to be - they exit the truck and enter the building . man sigh . CUT to : 14 tnt . sale room - night 14 a bprd agent ( agent mudd ) , abe and Liz move into the big , dark sale room , past a jumble of overturn chair . they use plasma-screen night -vision scanner to survey the devastation . liz no one here . no survivor . no body . nothing - 15 tnt . corridor - same 15 two agent lead the way down the adjacent hallway . hellboy follow , a few foot behind . hb train he flashlight on a fall display case . Broken glass glitter . hellboy same story here , babe - liz ( on the intercom ) do not call I babe - hellboy I say " abe " - I be sorry - wrong channel - hellboy fall back to talk privately on the intercom . hellboy ( cont 'd ) Liz - um -? liz ( on the intercom ) yes ? hellboy 2 10 hellboy ( whisper ) when we get home ... I be gonna clean the place up ; okay ? even the bathroom . liz that 's not the problem and you know it . hellboy ( whisper ) what ? you want to get rid of the cat ? you can not mean that - liz no . that 's not the problem either - hellboy ( whisper ) then , what --? liz not now , for God 's sake ! 16 int . sale room - same 16 abe , Liz and agent mudd fan out , move cautiously toward the auctioneer 's overturn podium . abe discover a empty cage ... and on the iron door , the emboss royal seal . abe hear a high - pitch chitter - chatter and look around : nothing . abe Red - I be afraid I do detect some activity - as the agent and Liz inspect the other iron cage , he extend he webbed finger . liz what kind of creature ? abe creature - 17 int . corridor - same 17 hellboy there 's more than one -? he hear a scratch noise . hellboy 2 11 abe ( on the intercom ) more - many more - hellboy how many - ten - ? abe no. maybe a hundred - or two - hellboy ( huff ) mppf - as hb near a wall , it bulge and split open !! the ceiling crack , too . he hurriedly load a pair of lever- action shotgun . 18 int . sale room - same 18 abe they be all around we - sound of movement from burrow , unseen creature - hellboy what be they ??? abe uh- if I be right , we should leave now and ask for backup . 19 ext . east side auction house - night 19 man be hold forth in a sidewalk press conference . manning the situation be completely under control . earlier tonight , custom agent discover a few illegally import item . this cause a minor confrontation . the reporter go wild with question . manning ( cont 'd ) Federal agent have now take over the premise . we ask that you all step back - man bask in the flashbulb glow and acknowledge a pretty young reporter . hellboy 2 12 manning ( cont 'd ) ( grins ) yes , debra - ? 20 tnt . corridor - night 20 plaster spill from widen crack in the wall . hellboy shoot , blow open a massive hole . he peek inside - small body burrow away like mole . hellboy what be they -? abe ? 21 int . intercut - sale room / corridor - same 21 abe find a human femur , wet and gnaw . abe ah , I know it . ( beat ) they be vicious and cruel and - the floor ripple with activity . abe ( cont 'd ) have you notice the floor ?? hellboy ( look around ) uh- thick rug , deep pile , light brown - abe Red - there be no rug- hellboy lift he foot , realize he 's be walk on a inch - thick layer of - ahem - poo . hellboy aw , crap - abe precisely ... ( beat ) this thing have a very active metabolism . they , um - excrete as soon as they eat and then need to eat some more . there be no corpse ' cause there be no leftover - hellboy 2 13 hellboy spit it out , brother blue . what be they ? 22 int . sale room - same 22 abe alright , but - liz damn it abe , just tell we ! abe okay , then - they be - um - tooth fairy . liz abe , c'mon - cut the crap . she check she boot , sticky with poo - abe third century , the teutoburg forest . famish . they feed on calcium - ( beat ) and they do go for the tooth first . how do you think they get that name " tooth fairy " ?? Liz sense movement in the darkness . she hold out she hand and start a small fire on she palm . she pan it like a torch , firelight sweeping the darkness - nothing - 23 int . corridor - same 23 agent marble come upon a lonely little creature peeping out from a crack in the wall . it 's about 9 inch high , with olive skin and almond - shape eye gleam in the half - light . it whimper softly . agent marble hey , this guy be cute - i . he reach out to touch it . agent marble be you scared , buddy ? across the room hellboy see the agent near the Fairy . hellboy 2 14 hellboy no , do not - the thing snarl , leap and sink its tiny tooth into marble 's finger . then it dive under marble 's shirt and go to work . marble gasp and drop he gun . dozen of creature emerge from the crack on the wall and crawl into marble 's clothing . gasp , he tear open he shirt as claw and tooth dig in .. rib crack ... blood spurt . the agent fall . 24 int . sale room - same 24 Liz light up both hand , illuminate a surging tidal wave of hungry critter that engulf the room , gnaw at the wallpaper , the furniture ! the thing sweep over agent mudd , rip into he like wriggle piranhas . abe ( back away ) oh , my - 25 int . corridor - same 25 hellboy protect the other agent , but he feel the thing swarm over he , reach for he lip and ear ... bellow in disgust , he fire he shotgun , splattering dozen of creature onto the wall . every blast , however , reveal a buzzing , hungry mass pour from the wall . hb claw at dozen more , which cling to he like baby monkey . 26 int . sale room - continuous 26 the room be awash with hiss creature , crawl over the iron cage . for a awful moment , no sign of Liz or abe . hellboy ( sudden panic ) liz !! in reply , he hear a faint scream . he bat at the thing with the shotgun , wading further into the room . hellboy 2 15 hellboy ( cont 'd ) Liz !! where be you - ?! he see a horde of little beast gnaw at the metal bar of a cage ... . Liz cower inside . hellboy just have time to look deep into she eye . a quick moment of silent communion . hellboy do it , Liz , do it !!! and Liz obey . close she eye she - liz ( whisper ) the fire 's not my enemy . it be part of I - - get cover by a gentle film of blue flame . abe uh - oh - he take refuge as - liz it be mine - - the gentle flame bloom into a cloud of fire . Liz go supernova . bammm !!! 27 ext . auction house - night 27 a ball of fire erupt from a upstairs balcony . the crowd and reporter look up , amaze . manning ( muttering ) evidently we have a- gas pocket - somewhere in - the reporter stampede towards the explosion , leave man alone and fume . manning ( cont 'd ) hey guy , hey guy , come back !! hellboy 2 16 28 „ , , • 2 8 int . sale room - night hellboy stomp down hard , pop some creature , bashing other with the butt of he shotgun . as flame leap up , the thing regroup and renew they attack . Liz and abe run for the stair . liz Red , Red , this way - hellboy kick the critter away , shoot again and again . hellboy no - I will deal with they - now . he dump he backpack and pull out a belt full of vulcan 66 grenade . hold it high . hellboy ( cont 'd ) vulcan 66 , boy ! come and get them - Liz and abe take cover on the stair . they see hellboy luring the tooth fairy toward the window overlook the street . 10 as the creature climb onto he , he pull the pin on all grenade . soon he 's a mass of swarm , gnarly fairy and then - liz ( yelling ) no , Red - not there ! move away from the- k-b00000 mmmmmm`in !!!!!!!!! a massive explosion - 29 tnt / ext - auction house 29 like a cannonball , hb fly out the upper floor window . a ball of flame , he arc downward , cover in fight , writhe fairy . below , the onlooker scatter as the massive Red giant land in they midst , crack the pavement . 30 30 int . sale room - same Liz and abe go to the window and look down . a tv camera lens zoom in on they both . hellboy 2 17 liz ( into she radio ) hb ?? hb ?? be you alright ?? 31 ext . sidewalk - night 31 the crowd be scream . half a dozen smolder fairy climb out of the smoking crater and snarl at the crowd . people shrink back in horror . one of the hungry critter jump at a woman but - blam !! hellboy shoot it in mid-air , then calmly and efficiently shoot its fellow . finally , he pluck one last creature off he coat . he hold it up by the tail , like a rodent . man hurry forward , witness to he worst nightmare . a sea of camera flash explode on a grin hellboy . hellboy ( look at man ) gee whiz , man - ( shrug ) I guess we be out now . CUT to : 32 credit 32 behind the credit be caballistic engravings suggest the power , size and weapon of a mystic , mechanical golden army . CUT to : 33 ext . abandoned railyard - night 33 superimposure : west side railyard . midnight demolition have begin on abandon factory and rail shed around a old roundhouse . a sign read : coming next summer , three point shopping mall . camera boom down to a guard shack . hellboy 2 18 34 int . guard shack - night 34 Guard 1 watch tv . hb be on the screen , surround by press and tv . guard 1 check it out . that guy 's make - up be so fake . I mean , come on , solid red - Guard 2 be clean he gun . guard 2 and what 's with he forehead ? be that goggle ? he look out the window and see the the shadowy figure stand by the gate . guard 2 ( cont 'd ) hey , we get we a wino . he grab he nightstick and step outside . 35 35 ext . railyard - night waving he nightstick , Guard 2 approach the intruder . they elongate shadow loom up above they on a brick wall . guard 2 hey - buddy - get the- the the shadowy figure whirl and drop he coat . he unsheathes a long , thin sword , slice the air around the guard . the guard 's shadow in the background be cut into three part and collapse . 36 36 int . guard shack - night Guard 1 tune in a game show . look outside - - no sign of he buddy . behind he , at the window , wink appear . its massive arm punch through the wall and haul off the guard and then slam he massive iron mace down !!! bammkm ! ! ! ! the shadowy figure wipe off he sword over the crumpled remain of Guard 2 . scream and bone crunching can be hear . wink emerge from behind the shack . hellboy 2 19 effortlessly , the shadowy figure vault the chainlink fence and walk into the roundhouse . wink smashes the fence and follow he through . 37 int . roundhouse - night 37 a few pigeon flutter through a forest of steel pillar . radiant finger of moonlight shine on the old train track . the shadowy figure and wink stop as a dozen royal guard in helmet and light armor march out from a tunnel . after a pause , a chamberlain join they . he bow low in a show of respect for the shadowy figure . chamberlain Prince nuada - he await you - please , follow I , sire . 38 int . tunnel - night 38 the Chamberlain lead the way down a tunnel line with more guard . the armed man surround the Prince as they stop at a intersection . the Prince prepare to unsheathe he sword - wink growl . chamberlain I beg you , you majesty . before enter the chamber you surrender you sword . prince I will not . chamberlain then , I regret to say , you may not see you father . it be the protocol , sire . for peasant and prince alike . please - for the last time - surrender you sword . a tense beat and then the Prince relent . the guard accept he weapon , carefully pat he down - prince Mr. wink however - cannot dispose of he weapon . he will wait here - wink snort as the Prince be finally escort through a huge , rusting iron door . hellboy 2 20 39 int . machine shop - night 39 a abandon machine shop function as a council chamber . High -ranking head of outlandish magick family be there : goblin , troll , dwarve and elve . at the center sit king balor the one-armed King of elfland and , behind he , the willowy , beautiful princess nuala , the Prince 's sister . both on the King 's chest and she own , a large golden piece dangle from a chain . nuala 's resemblance to the Prince be uncanny , down to the fine scar marring they perfect face . they be ying and yang , almost the same be . the Prince eye the door close behind he . the armed guard watch he every move . he bow he head and kneel . prince father. ( eye the princess ) sister - the king gesture for he to rise . king why have you do this ?? his voice tremble with anger . king ( cont 'd ) why ? ! the Prince look at he , defiant . prince I have return from exile to set we free . all of we , Father - and to reclaim what have be take from we people . the land and the freedom that be rightfully ours . king no - you have break a truce that have last for century . hellboy 2 21 prince a shameful truce , worth nothing . how can you abide it ? how - ? they have no respect for themselves , they god or the earth - ( beat ) and they scorn we - every time they raise a dead , cold building , destroy a forest , or take more land - the princess then step forward . princess what they do be in they nature . we must honor we side of the agreement - prince honor - ? ( beat ) look at this place . be this where you hold court ?? ( beat ) be this how we be to live ?? amidst they filth , in they rubble ??? pick at scrap from they table ??? where be the honor in that ?? king and what would you solution be -? War ? why ? ( pause ) it may just be that we day be end ... prince it may be - but we will not go quiet . we will not fade like this . better to burn than fade away ... and for this ... Prince nuada look around , lock eye with the head of the clan . prince .we will need the help of the good ... the bad ... and the worst - he bring out the gold artifact from the auction . hold it high . the crowd gasp . the King instinctively cover the companion piece hang from he chest as a medallion . king no - you can not be that mad - hellboy 2 22 prince yes . I be . king this be the path you wish to take ? know the cost ? prince yes , Father - it be . the King take the princess ' hand and mournfully lower he head . king then , I be sorry my son - you leave I no choice . ( look at he guard ) death . his two praetorian guard unsheathe they sword . prince ( grim ) I agree . death it be - and the guard turn toward the king and stab he . the princess scream . the Prince look away as the old monarch tumble from he throne , dead . the head of the clan try to flee , but be keep at bay by the other guard . prince hear I all !!! there be some amongst you that have already see the light - ( he near the guard ) see the future ... the praetorian guard cover he back as he lean forward to he Father " 's corpse and snatch the medallion . prince ( cont 'd ) as for you - you may join we in we quest or die now - his gaze be fierce , inspire . he join the piece together , they fuse and interconnect through the magical equivalent of nanotechnology . Minute gear and hook join the piece seamlessly into a almost complete crown . the Prince raise it - prince ( cont 'd ) all of that in favor , make it know . hellboy 2 23 all of the family head sheepishly bow they head , then kneel . prince ( cont 'd ) good - I see the council be as brave as it 's always be ... ( beat ) and now , my sister - the Prince look around and see that he sister be go . he push through the mob , pull he guard to the door . prince ( cont 'd ) find she - find she - his minion surge into the tunnel . 40 tnt . tunnel maze - night 40 clutch the medallion on she chest , the princess run down a tunnel . a crowd gather behind she , chase she as she zig -zag from tunnel to tunnel . with perfect calm , she duck into a niche , then slide down a chute . she land in a stone chamber line with bookshelve . 41 int . princess chamber - day 41 the princess rush to a small cabinet . she grab a ancient , leather - bound tome . she turn to leave , but a horde of trolls rush and quickly surround she . one of the beast swing a heavy , rusty sword . it open a gash in the princess ' leave arm - 42 int . tunnel 1 - day 42 the Prince , rush through the tunnel with the praetorian guard , suddenly double over , cursing . blood pour from a wound in he leave arm . prince no - no - you fool - hellboy 2 24 43 int . princess chamber - same 43 as another troll lift he sword high - princess ( call out ) yrdrig !! yrdrig , a hellhound the size of a tank , jump out from a alcove . he have multiple head , all of they ferocious . in second , he 's upon the trolls . each of he many mouth tear into green flesh , lift and shaking the helpless monster like rag doll . the princess slip through a secret door . 44 int . tunnel 2 -- same 44 the Prince and he guard rush through the tunnel , as troll scream echo off the wall . when they finally - 45 int . princess chamber - same 45 - reach the princess ' chamber , it 's too late . Dead and die trolls lie in a heap on the floor . the Prince find no sign of he sister . he clutches he bleed arm . CUT to : 46 int . hellboy' room - day 46 Liz sprawl on a sofa , watch the 20 - odd tv monitor in hellboy 's room . all the news channel feature footage of heliboy 's " outing " the night before . hb be grin at the camera . now he 's signing a autograph ! hellboy on tv yes - yes - I would say I be that strong - I have fight many creature over the year but none as strong as I - he wink at camera . Liz roll she eye . hellboy 2 25 hellboy plunk himself down next to she , pop a can of beer . hellboy I think I do good . and I look good , do not you think , Liz ? abe stand behind they , juggling a dozen remote control . abe look - there 's man ... he raise the volume as man be show , surround by microphone . manning on tv evidently we have a- gas pocket - somewhere in - hellboy a gas pocket ??!! ha -! I love it . the door open . man be there , hold a plastic box overflow with mail . manning please - disgust , man turn off the tv 's . manning aw - this be a disaster ! a disaster - you hear ?? worse than Cheney with a shotgun . only Liz - ( beat ) only Liz handle herself with any dignity . liz ( glance at hb ) no one ask I anything . man pull a fistful of mail out and toss it on a table . manning do not bother start a fan club . it 's trending five to one against we . hellboy against ? hellboy 2 26 liz ( glance at some letter ) poll - protest - hate mail - Liz grab a few letter and scan they . liz ( reading ) " unwelcome species ... mongrelize ... lower order ... ungodly freak ... " she glare at hellboy . hellboy ungodly freak -? we ? manning you really do it this time - I be under review . ( to hellboy ) but so be you - as of today , there 's a new team leader . hellboy New - ? what ? manning yes - you hear I . a new team leader . we be to meet he at the conference room at 0900 - ( look at he watch ) now . 47 int . security pound bprd - same 47 the security pound be row after row of stack cage , each one imprison a different creature . bprd agent patrol the pen , feed the occupant , clean the pan - hb look at man , who be edgy and nervous . hellboy what 's the matter , man ?? do not you trust I anymore ? manning oh - I never do - but after last night , Washington want a new public face for the bprd - hellboy 2 27 hellboy what about I ? what 's wrong with my face ??? manning or mine ??? the press love I !! but now you have ruin it all - hellboy but , who -? who be this guy ? manning how would I know ? evidently , he 's quite the big shot - ( he read a file ) his name be Johann kraus - hellboy akkk - kraus ??? he 's german - manning ( overlapping ) -a physical medium , head of the european branch of the bprd - hellboy ( overlapping ) you know I have a problem with Germans - manning ( overlapping ) -a Doctor in philosophy and occult practice from the University of munich and a very eloquent speaker - hellboy ( overlapping ) - Germans make I nervous - manning I guess they need a nice open face - a face people can trust . finally , next to steel cage , they meet - Johann kraus : about 6 ' tall , dress in a canvas containment suit full of tube and tap . his hand be encase in thick latex glove with exit valve at the fingertip and he head ... manning . oh , my God - hellboy 2 28 .is a translucent glass bubble , full of gas ! he be study a draw of the royal seal we see on the Fairy cage . Johann approach Liz . he take she hand and bow . Johann Johann kraus , at you service . his unearthly voice be velvety and warm . almost soothing . Liz smile . hellboy glower as kraus ' fishbowl head turn toward they . hellboy ( whisper to man ) that 's a open face for you ... 48 int . containment area - day 48 Johann pull out one of the dead , singe fairy . hellboy and the other gather around he . Johann poor thing , buy and sell on the black market . smuggle in tight , cramped cage . let 's see what they can remember - hellboy memory get pretty sketchy after you die - ( nudge abe ) - but maybe I can be of help - nudge abe and start fishing for a amulet . Johann oh , no , no - no amulet be require . he adjust the valve at the tip of he finger and approach the lock . hellboy what be you do ? Johann I can inhabit inanimate thing : organic , mechanical - hellboy inhabit - hellboy 2 29 abe teleplasty - Johann exactly . a protoplasmic emanation seep out from he fingertip , slightly deflate he body . the tendril enter the - - " Dead " Fairy . Johann I can briefly take control of entity , both mechanical and organic and reactivate they neural system - the " dead " Fairy snarl and bare its tooth at hellboy . two more do the same from another pen . Johann ( cont 'd ) ( point at hellboy ) you scare he - the fairy blabber furiously while glaring at hb . hellboy ( leer at it ) whaddayawant ??? you chew off the tip of my tail - yes , you - Johann ( cont 'd ) Rough translation : he say you be rude , brutish and not too bright - abe touche . more high - pitch jabber ... Johann replace the little fairy in the hold pen . Johann ( cont 'd ) enough . it seem we little friend here remember a noise . a very peculiar noise in the last place where he cage be trade : market sound - ( beat ) troll language - liz the troll market - ? hellboy 2 30 Johann exactly , miss sherman . the Fairy start babbling uncontrollably and grow pale and weak . hellboy jeez - you buddy there do not look too good . Johann I be lose my grip on its limbic system - he feel nauseous . I be afraid he 's about to die - hellboy wow - you have that effect on I too . the Fairy 's cheekbone hollow and it finally collapse . ectoplasm escape its body and regroup at johan 's fingertip . abe how can we find the troll market ??? its location have be a source of speculation for century Johann yes , well - troll dwell under bridge - and Vladimir vanya 18th century occultist - place it under Washington Bridge abe we have look there before -- stake it out for week - Johann yes , but this time I have ask for a very special piece of equipment - he move in to a large crate mark " lot 336 " abe " 336 " the schufftein glass ?? Johann ( smile knowingly ) on loan from the smithsonian . plus we have this clue - he produce the sketch of the royal seal . hellboy 2 31 Johann in my mind we have enough to go by - any question ?? abe be about to ask something when , abruptly , hellboy raise he hand - Johann yes - what be it ? hellboy if you be really german - how come you do not have a funny accent ? Johann ( sigh ) get ready . we be on the move . 49 49 int . garage area / dressing locker room hellboy be suite up . Liz and abe do the same . hellboy what a moron !! " we be on the move " he think he 's so hot !! we have be look for that place for year and we have never find it - ( look at abe ) you say so - abe pull out two headsets of composite goggle , make of copper and glass , full of buzzing and whirring piece . he try it on . liz get use to it . he might be here for good - hellboy for good ?! liz he have a nice voice . abe yes , very commanding , very soothing . hellboy I think he 's a jerk . abe I like he . hellboy 2 32 hellboy well , then you be a jerk , too . " the brain of the operation - " give I a break ! Johann they head towards the garbage truck . man , abe and be wait there . liz I think you feel threaten ... hellboy stay behind - think - think real hard . CUT to : 50 ext . WASHINGTON bridge - night 50 the garbage truck and a few other bprd vehicle crossthe Washington Bridge on the way to chinatown . sign : WASHINGTON bridge 21.00 hour 51 int . garbage truck lab - night 51 hellboy ride in silence - still think hard - then . hellboy ha! me? threatened ?? glaring , at Liz : hellboy by whom ? by he ?? liz not just he - this whole thing you do . the tv - the reporter - hellboy I do that ? liz yes , Red - absolutely . ' Cause you do it without think - you just want to be in the public 's eye - well - you be there - but so be we . hellboy hey - we get some hate mail . ( shrug ) we will deal with it . together . hellboy 2 33 he come closer to she . hellboy something else bother you -? Liz nod quietly . hellboy so - tell I about it - liz I will , but not now - I be sorry if - I - ( beat ) I do not like be watch . I never have . I feel like a freak only if someone 's watch I . suddenly : angry yell ... then fist pound the wall and fender . the door open and they be inundate by reporter and tv crews and camera and flash . there be , literally , hundred of they . this time from all over the world : Japan , UK , Germany ... CUT to : 52 ext . waterfront , brooklyn bridge - night 52 Agents cordon off the street with yellow tape , hold the press at bay . as the truck roll by , horde of bystander push forward , hope for a glimpse of hellboy . some of they chase run alongside the vehicle , carry support / hatred sign . manning May I suggest that tonight you refrain from signing autograph . hellboy it 's the garbage truck . it make the wrong statement . about who we be . manning you think that 's what this be about ? transportation ??? hellboy 2 34 53 ext . brooklyn bridge - dock - night 53 the truck stop near other official vehicle . overhead , the soar roadbed of the Brooklyn Bridge . at the sight of the bprd team , some protestor throw egg . hellboy shield Liz from the barrage . reporter 2 c'mon - show we you power - abe oh - no , no , no , it 's not a parlor trick . reporter 1 what be you , a mermaid ?? abe oh , goodness , no - I - reporter 2 you say you can read thing - thing about people - so read I - c'mon - read I - the crowd of reporter and onlooker laugh and applaud . reporter 2 ( cont 'd ) what do you see ? abe very well , if you insist . ( webbed hand on reporter 's chest ) you ... keep ... a large , battery - operate vibrate egg by you bedside ... a shriek camera crew run up load with video equipment . reporter you ! demon-man ! will you take a DNA test ? hellboy it 's " hellboy " not " demon - man " - one of the projectile hit he . the crowd roar . hellboy gaze back at they - seethe . Johann let I take care of this . Johann bravely confront the news team and the crowd . hellboy 2 35 Johann ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen , my name be Johann kraus and I beg you to allow we - ( interrupt by catcall ) - please , we need space to work - please - we - the reporter bombard he with question . he signal for silence . Johann ( cont 'd ) in due time - very soon - we will provide all the answer you require , all the whos , why and wherefor - but for now - a egg hit he in the face - hard . the crowd roar - hellboy great p.r ... he get ready to pummel the crowd . Liz stop he . liz shh ! give he a chance ... Johann - it 's be a long ... long time ... for many decade really , that the bprd have serve you - all of you ... in silence . we have wage a unknown war - but a very real one . heroes have die unrewarded and unrecognize so that you might go about you daily life . to work , to marry , to bid you child goodnight . Little by little , the crowd grow quiet . Johann in exchange , we have be consign to the lie and racist innuendo of the tabloid . and there we have live without complaint - until now . 54 54 montage Johann 's speech be replay in broadcast tv van , home , pub and bar all over the world to a fascinate human population . all color and creed . hellboy 2 36 Johann ( cont 'd ) but perhaps soon - after learn of we hardship and sacrifice , you may decide that we humble life may , in some way , have a value ... and a meaning - - dock - night 55 55 ext . brooklyn bridge the camera light reflect off Johann 's glass head . Johann I pray that you will allow we to defend you good fortune - to guarantee the bless that be a peaceful night 's sleep . a night free from monster and nightmare . and if so - ( choke back tear ) if so - then all we ask in return ... from you ... be a little respect and the chance , remote as it may be , to prove ourselves worthy of a tiny , tiny place in this - God 's Earth . hellboy ( roll he eye ) this be sooo corny - a moment of silence ensue -- then , the wet -ey reporter applaud - the crowd applaud - Liz applaud , abe applaud . hellboy be agog !! hellboy what -?? what -?? abe ( dazzle ) he have a nice voice . all business now , Johann step over to the group . Johann come on . we have work to do - 56 56 ext . rooftop - night hellboy , abe and Johann peer over the cornice of a bowl alley rooftop . the crowd be visible in the distance . hellboy look through the schufften glass . hellboy 2 37 hellboy nothing yet , sparky , over - 57 57 ext . bowling alley parking lot - night the bprd truck be park behind the bowl alley , directly under the bridge . its back door be open ; Liz and man be at the communication center . liz I read you , Red . keep look - man be bored , look at he watch . manning look at what , for goodness sake -? ( look at the schufften glass ) what do this thing do -? Liz start lock and unlock a series of lense and prism . both abe and johan wear similar gear . abe in 1778 emil schufften , a good friend of Benjamin Franklin , design this optical set with the intent of photograph fairy in England ... manning let 's get out of here - we be never go to find it - hellboy' voice hey - sparky , I think we get one . man study the image on the monitor : a bag lady push a shopping cart full of cat - manning that ? oh , please , she look as sweet as she can - liz Red , turn on the " antiglamour " filter ... ( to man ) Fairy folk use a spell call " glamour " to seem human and nice - ( beat ) this lense allow you to see they real appearance ... hellboy 2 38 , , for 58 ext . bowling alley parking lot - night 58 bellboy turn a few knob on the goggle , then raise they . 59 59 Pov goggle . as a series filter enter the visual field , the bag lady transform into a ugly , muscle - bound troll . 60 60 int . garbage truck - same manning oh , dear Lord . ( pause ) what about the cat ? liz she eat they . manning " she ? ? " that 's a " she " ????? hellboy we be move in , sparky - 61 bowling alley / back alley / under the bridge 61 he , Johann and abe follow the bag Lady . she open a service door - / service corridor . 62 62 int . bowling alley the bag lady go through the rear of the bowl alley and through a basement door . the room rumble with the sound of roll ball and toppling pin . hellboy ( whisper ) maybe we can bowl a few frame , uh ? abe ( splay he webbed finger ) bowl ball - they give I trouble . hellboy how about a beer , then ? now that we be " out " - whaddya say , mein herr ? hellboy 2 39 Johann sorry . I do not drink . hellboy sheesh - 63 int . bowling alley basement 63 hellboy and abe enter the basement : no sign of the old woman . just a warehouse - Johann ' adjust the prism to " 2 " abe move he glass , hellboy fumble he own - unsuccessfully . now the whole room transform under the new optical element : its geometry remain somewhat unchange , but instead of a pile of box a tree trunk and a large , mossy rock be visible , where there be iron beam now tree trunk and stone column be visible ... abe there - where a large banner hang , now a huge , rusty mechanical lock . hellboy what the heck be that ? abe a lock mechanism - hellboy mmh - I will take care of it - he clenches he stone fist , rear back ... Johann no - you destroy it . we will never get in - he adjust the valve at the tip of he finger and approach the lock . hellboy ah , of course - the fishbowl touch - Johann Johann 's 's ecto-tendrils enter the - hellboy 2 4 0 64 64 mechanism of the lock - fill it , make a few complex gear turn and move - 65 65 the lock open and the floor drop away , revealing a stone staircase . Johann withdraw he protoplasmic tendril and close off the valve . Johann gentlemen : welcome to troll market . 66 int . troll market - night 66 troll market be a steamy , medieval nightmare . a labyrinth of narrow alley and foetid vapour . troll scavenge the crumble , marble shoreline , pick through garbage , scatter vermin . muddy water trickle down from above , form cloudy puddle . roaming vendor hawk exotic object from every culture and century . at kiosk and shop , troll pedal cat ( skinned or alive ) cadre of lovecraftian entity stroll about : mer-men , goblin and a few select species unknown to any cosmology . a dogfight of sort be take place in a small ring . instead of pitbull , multi-limbed creature leap at one another while violent bettor laugh and shout . at the rail , abe watch in horror , then see a woman in rag make she way through the crowd . he catch a glimpse of she slipper foot ... . which flash with pearl and gold embroidery . his curiosity arouse , he follow she . 67 67 market stall the woman inspect a pile of ancient bric -a- brac at a market stall ; she cowl swing aside , briefly revealing she face . it 's the princess . in this grotesque surroundings , she beauty be transcendent . hellboy 2 41 abe be thunderstruck . as she turn to leave , they briefly make eye contact . on she bandage arm : a bracelet adorn with the seal 's coat of arm ! abe ( into microphone ) brother Red !! hellboy ( intercom ) not now , abe . as the princess disappear into the mob , abe hurry after she . 68 68 ext . shop - same hellboy and Johann show a picture of a tooth fairy to a surly shop owner . shop owner never see anything like it . no one sell `em down here - over in Jersey , maybe . behind he , there 's a faceless cave berserker : a tall and gnarly ogre , he naked chest crisscross with scar , he foot encase in iron shoe . growl , it bare its tooth at he . hb smile back - hellboy hiya , Chuck - - same 69 69 ext . troll market narrow passage abe follow the princess down a alley - and then another one , narrow and dark . panhandler pull at he belt ; he bat they away . 70 70 ext . shop - same now Johann show a draw of the royal seal to the shop owner . Johann what about this ?? do you recognize this seal ? hellboy 2 42 the shop owner 's face suddenly grow pale . shop owner you would better go . now . Johann please . we will make it worth you while . the shop owner clap he hand . berserker take two step forward , roaring . its iron shoe go clomp-clomp !! shop owner ( cont 'd ) he 's not friendly - hellboy huff and walk up to the creature . hellboy well , neither be I - bammmm !!!!! with a single uppercut , he send it fly toward the ceiling , shoeless . the shop keeper watch in awe until it land , about thirty foot away in the middle of the dogfight . the crowd scatter as the mongrel creature attack the thing with blind instinct . hellboy grab the shop owner by the lapel and pull he close . the shop owner 's head rocket back and forth like a boxer 's speed bag as hb " gently " slap he around . teeth fly everywhere . hellboy feeling more chatty now ?? shop owner it 's rumor ! ... just - no - do not hit I , all right ? there 's talk of a revolt - a revolt against the human world - hellboy release he , then look around . hellboy where the hell be abe ?? he push he belt locator - hellboy 2 43 1. , , , d 71 int . troll market alley maze - night 71 the princess have enter a shop sell map and print . abe stay outside , watch through a window as she negotiate to purchase a silver and crystal cylinder contain in a safety hold case . the salesman deny it at first but after the princess hand he a gold bracelet he finally acquiesce while vow to she . he extract the cylinder from its hold case and hand it to she . a red locator light flash on abe 's utility belt . hellboy ( intercom ) hey , abe , gimme I you twenty - abe I be follow a lead , Red . keep you locator -. a large troll cut he off - abe Excuse I - what do you think you be do ? hellboy ( intercom ) be you in trouble ? talk to I , abe. another troll come up behind abe . abe ( cont 'd ) I do not think you - the troll open a small wooden box and extract a nasty look insect : a narcotic bug . abe ( cont 'd ) oh , my - the second troll load the buzzing bug - like a bullet - into a blowpipe . abe turn just as he blow . the bug land on abe 's chest and sink its stinger deep into he flesh . he groan . hellboy abe ? what 's wrong ? hellboy 2 44 abe tear it loose and crush it underfoot . but he vision blur , he stagger forward and fall , face first , onto the cobblestone . hellboy ( intercom ) abe ? come in - abe ? dammit - 72 ext . shop - same 72 the locator 's blue light dim ; concerned , hellboy and Johann look at each other . see he chance , the shop keeper melt away into the crowd . 73 int . map shop - later 73 abe open he eye and slowly get up . he look around : he 's surround by rack of ancient scroll and musty book . the door be lock . instinctively he look for he belt - it 's not there . princess if you be look for you weapon , my guard take they . abe turn to face the princess , who stand only a few foot away . she have cast off she dingy cloak and be radiant in fine silk robe . she be feed slice of fruit to a cage of large , featherless reptile / bird . abe I - I carry no weapon , madam - I assure you ... princess why be you follow I ? abe be ashamed to realize the real answer . he 's utterly beguile by she . princess ( cont 'd ) be you seek to join my brother ? abe you brother -?? hellboy 2 45 princess in he revolt against the human ? abe a revolt ? no , no , no , I - you be sorely mistaken ... he take a step forward but the yrdrig come out of nowhere , bark and growl . princess then answer I truthfully - why be you follow I ? abe my name be abe sapien - princess ( laughing ) there be no such name ! abe horrible - I know - but - please , hear I , I beg you . I be a agent of the Bureau for paranormal Research and Defense . if we can assist you - princess give I you hand . abe comply , thrilled as she run she finger over he palm . the princess ' face brighten . she smile and gesture for the yrdrig to yield . princess down yrdrig - he 's a friend . the yrdrig jump on abe and start lick he with all three tongue . princess ( cont 'd ) yrdrig 's really just a puppy . the drool beast pin abe to the floor with one paw . abe ( wheeze ) Nice puppy ... a the yrdrig lift abe with one of its mouth and give he playful shake . hellboy 2 46 princess my father give he to I . yrdrig , leave we guest alone - the yrdrig drop abe onto the floor . princess ( cont 'd ) out ! out ! bad yrdrig ! as the animal skulk away , she help abe up - princess ( cont 'd ) ( bow she head ) my name be princess nuala . abe ( bow he head ) you highness , the honor be all mine . princess May I apologize , Mr. sapien , for the manner in which we bring you here ... could not be too sure . she offer he the locator belt . abe please , it be nothing . Love the puppy , too - princess and under diplomatic immunity - may I seek asylum ?? abe we would be ... honore , I be sure . but , may I ask : from whom do you seek asylum ? suddenly , a commotion outside . the door fly off its hinge . hellboy and Johann burst in , leaping over a pile fall guard outside . abe Red , no ! I be all right ! the princess shrink back , but abe motion for calm . abe gentlemen ! some respect , please ! the princess look with dismay at she vanquish bodyguard . the narcotic bug buzz around hb , who swat they like mosquito . hellboy 2 47 princess and that be my royal guard . abe Red , apologize at once ! we be in the presence of ... royalty ! hellboy 's never hear abe sound like this - giddy as a schoolboy . Johann ( to abe ) you be vouching for she , I take it . Mr sapien ? abe oh , most definitely . she 's from a ancient , noble line - Johann - of warrior . the Children of the Earth . ( to the princess ) I be sorry , princess nuala . with such a fierce bloodline , we cannot take you claim of allegiance at face value . he produce the ancient seal . 74 int . mapmaker vestibule - later 74 stand at a long deal table , the princess light a candle and examine the ancient seal . princess where do you get this ? hellboy human side , two night ago - the princess study they face . princess in ancient time a seal like this be deliver to the enemy as a declaration of war . a signal from the underground realm to the entire world . it preface the awaken of the Golden Army - Johann sit down heavily . Johann I fear as much . hellboy 2 48 hellboy ( to Johann ) what -? what -? a goblin army -? Johann shake he glass head , overcome with worry . Johann Golden Army . the unstoppable tide . there have be nothing to substantiate such a tale - princess not a tale - at the dawn of time ... even before the great flood , man and the Children of the Earth share this planet ... ( she sigh ) but as man in he greed expand he dominion , there ensue a bitter war ... dissolve : 75 ext . mythical battlefield - dusk 75 silhouett against a crimson sky , the shadow of thousand upon thousand of goblin , elve and fairy do battle with horde of man . princess ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) in that day , my people be lead by my Father , King balor , the one -arm king of elfland . king balor fight valiantly at the side of he son , the tall , pale elf knight : prince nuada . princess ( V. 0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the bloodsh go on year after year . many life be lose . a overview of the battlefield fade as the sun sink below the horizon . 76 int . throne room - day 76 seat in a 'opulent throne room , king balor address a wretch guild of deform goblin . hellboy 2 49 princess ( v.0 . ) it be then that the King order the sigri to build he a new , invincible army . 77 int . blacksmith furnace - dusk 77 lit by the fire of a hundred furnace , stoke by score of goblin , a mechanical army be bear . Metal plate and move part be hammer into shape on enormous anvil and bolt onto tall , ornate , golden figure . princess ( v.0 . ) this be a army that would not eat , drink or grow tired . a heartless , ruthless force make of the purest metal , mine from the depth of the earth . 78 int . courtyard , castle - dusk 78 in perfect rank , in eerie unison , the golden soldier line up , fill the entire courtyard , await the King 's command . princess ( v.0 . ) the sigri work until the winter moon be high in the sky - the chief goblin blacksmith display three curve segment of gold . he fit they together and hold a complete crown directly over the King 's head . king I be King balor , leader of the Golden Army . be there anyone here who dispute my right ??? silence . Prince nuada kneel next to he father . the goblin crown the King , who lift he sword . in response - tchankkkkk !!!! the new army raise its lance , hail he . 79 ext . human encampment - nightfall 79 as the human make ready for battle , a tremor shake the earth . they turn they gaze to the horizon , which bristle with the arm of the approach troops . hellboy 2 50 80 ext . battlefield - continuous 80 the fight be brutal . the mechanical soldier mow down the human by the hundred , they sword replace as need by battle axe , bludgeon and lance . princess ( v.0 . ) but this army know no bound , have no remorse , feel no loyalty , engage in blind battle with man , woman or child . the horde crush everything , with sword slice through armor as if it be paper . every blow be deadly , precise . the army march ever onward , like a grind machine devour tender flesh . at length , there be no sign of life in the human camp . princess ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and as the king gaze upon the earth awash in blood and at the impassive metal face of the army he have create , he heart grow heavy . Victory be gain at too high a price . this war should never have be wage . the King survey the carnage . the mechanical soldier stand in symmetrical rank await further instruction . princess ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and so he arrange a truce : the survive man would keep to they city and we child of the Earth would dwell within the forest . this pact , he declare , would be honore by we son and the son of they son until the end of time . listen to he father , Prince nuada react with anguish . princess ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but my brother do not believe in the promise of man . he march off into exile , vow to return if the son of the Earth ever need he . Prince nuada walk away towards a die sunset . 81 81 int . storage chamber - night the goblin lock the golden army into a huge cavern , under the light of ten thousand flicker torch . hellboy 2 51 princess ( v.0 . ) and the golden army be order to lie dormant , lock inside the earth itself - and there it be to this day , wait for the wearer of the crown to command it again . 82 int . mapmaker be shop - night 82 the princess finish she tale . hellboy and Johann look at each other . hellboy where be that crown ?? princess my father have it destroy . cut into three piece . one for mankind ... she hold up she piece of the puzzle , which dangle from a chain around she neck . princess . two for the son of the Earth . abe so , you do need we help ..? princess I be afraid it 's the other way around . she hold the cylinder she purchase . princess the location of the Golden Army be contain within this cylinder -- she open it and produce a parchment hide inside . she extend it : the map just show three coordinate . abe just a global chart , edo - that 's the old name for Tokyo - Moscow , and renvyle here - princess but nothing else - she roll back the map into the cylinder . princess so far , this be a family matter . to intervene will bring nothing but trouble . hellboy 2 52 hellboy good , I like trouble . 83 int . troll market narrow passage - night 83 the princess lead the group through the surging , noisy crowd of bizarre creature . hellboy , Johann and abe bring up the rear . princess no - not that way . too risky - they be lose in unfamiliar alley and byway . until - Johann ( finally , point ) there . stair to the street ... but - prince hold ! the Prince appear at the top of the stair , dress in black . he 's surround by he elite guard . stepping to the rail , he point at he sister and address the crowd : prince hear I , of creature of the forest ! can you recognize a traitor ? she 's here to betray she own ! he cast a disdainful look at hellboy . prince I be here to recruit all of you against the human . make you decision now . that who join I will be reward . the rest ... will be kill . a sudden silence fall over the throng . then , the sound of cracking knuckle . everyone look at hellboy , who be unclench he fist and stretch he neck . he start up the stair , but a couple of the guard leap down to block he path . hellboy I be gonna put this as delicately as I can . CUT to : hellboy 2 53 84 84 int . bowling alley - same a crowded bowling alley be full of serious - look player in colorful shirt and shoe . someone roll a ball down the center lane , and as it speed right at the pin ... bowler look out , manny ! Strike city ..! crash ! hellboy erupt from under the floorboard , fight the claw monster right behind he ! as the bowler freeze in shock , dozen of creature pour out into the human world . grunting , hellboy punch he way free , only to be drag back by the tail by wink . abe , shield the princess , demonstrate the way of the water , a fluid martial art display . he duck and parry the blow , leaping like nureyev . abe scoops up a couple of bowl ball and roll they at the Prince 's guard . he manage to knock a couple off they foot . as they get back up , he use the available bowl pin as club . the scream patron rush for the door . 85 85 ext . STREET -- continuous outside , the civilian flee , but the news crew come be back . he run . as they light blaze up , reporter 2 gape in disgust : hellboy 's massive hand be wrap around the neck of a sweet little old lady ! he beat she mercilessly ! old lady help I ...! please , somebody ..! reporter 2 ( to he cameraman ) oh , my God !! oh , my - Roll ! Roll on this ! bellboy it 's not what you think -! hellboy 2 54 reporter ( point at hb ) he 's lose he mind ! he 's worse than any of they ..! CUT back to hellboy , revealing that the old lady be actually wink . Liz run over with a prism from the schufftein goggle and stick it in front of the camera lens , revealing the truth . the reporter check he monitor . reporter oh - 86 STREET fight 86 all the bprd team , include Liz , be sweep up in this fight . the denizen of the troll market overturn park car and knock down lamp post , roaring with excitement . liz ( muttering ) the fire be not my enemy -- it be a part of I -- Liz yell out a warning ... and then throw a barrage of flame bolt . a pair of crab-like thing shrivel and burn . Johann meld with a heavy steel dumpster , until only he leg be visible beneath it . bend at the waist - splat - he bring it down on the head of the nearest creature ! wink and hb duke it out for a few beat and then hb finally vanquish the troll , ripping he Iron mace off and throw it away . as the other monster retreat ... . the prince appear : in he hand a complex mechanical grenade . immediately worried , abe hustle the princess over to the bprd truck . the Prince twist a timer . his bloody troll disperse , scream , renewing the panic . prince ( to hellboy ) I will find you , young daemon - ( to nuala ) - and you , too , my sister . meanwhile , here 's a taste of what lie in store . hellboy 2 55 he throw the grenade . hellboy dive , just in time to catch it . he 's about to throw it down a sewer , when he listen to its clockwork innard then : ping !!!! hellboy it 's a dud , you royal assness - ! the Prince have disappear , along with he horde . hellboy how do you like that ? just when I be loosen up . then ... clackk !!!. hellboy scrutinize the grenade as it open up like a bean . flower ... and spew out a handful of brightly color abe pick they up !! hellboy abe. relax - it 's jump bean ... abe be scramble to retrieve they . abe do as I say ! with a sigh , hellboy scoops up a few . abe how many do you have ? hellboy Three , how about you ? abe Three ! there 's always seven ! find the last one !!! to the seventh bean be next to a manhole . it hop closer edge ... abe Quick , it 's go for water ! hellboy reach for it ... but it 's too late . the thing hop into the manhole and land somewhere below with a splash . abe ( cont 'd ) oh , my God , evacuate the area ! hellboy 2 56 hellboy abe , please , get a grip . a rumble from below they foot . whammmm ! a huge tree punch up through the pavement , overturn car , knock building off they foundation and rip up through the Bridge overpass !! pick up speed , the tree branch soar up , up , up ... into the moonlit cloud . hellboy approach the massive , trunk , gaze up in fascination . bird and creature emerge from the inside and flutter around , grass overtake pavement - and for a moment Chinatown look like the Garden of eden . hellboy ( cont 'd ) whoa . just like the story book . man and Liz take a few step into it : a squirrel - be climb on Liz 's shoulder and a couple of iridescent hummingbird fly around she " ala " snow white . a small crowd start wander into this idyllic scenario . liz this be so beautiful - manning so - perfect - so peaceful - hellboy hey !!! he spot . the prince , at the base of the tree . knock on it - hellboy hey - jhonny apleseed - what be you -?? oh - jeez do you have to do that ?? Liz start pull man away and yell at the crowd - liz back - go back - right now !!! manning what ? what ? what be he do -? liz he 's knock on wood - summoning a elemental - hellboy 2 57 manning a elem - liz a forest spirit that life in that tree . he 's release it - manning oh , and be it that bad ?? kkkrrrrchtch !!!!! the tree trunk rumble and shake under some enormous force . huge leave tumble to the street . even the ever- present news crews back away as a huge shape descend . boom !! the trunk rip in two , revealing a curl , dormant elemental . five storey high - fierce as nature . the elemental step out of the tree and stare at hellboy . uttering a weird , guttural SOUND , the giant raise a arm and pulverize a gasoline truck ! whump - ! flame leap up ! the elemental grin with delight , turn he baleful gaze on the princess . as she shrink back , she pet yrdrig rush at the thing , snarling . in a single leap , it sink its tooth into the elemental 's heel . hellboy good dog. ( to elemental ) now , Woody ... you want to fight someone , you fight with I . hellboy humorously adopt a kung fu pose , as in Bruce Lee . the elemental hop forward , New branch sprout from he limb , shaking the yrdrig off . abe ( to the princess ) this may not be the best place for you , you majesty . with you permission ... he offer the princess he arm . she take it and allow abe to lead she away . a moment later , the elemental smashes the ground where they have be stand ! every time the elemental move , he trail behind root and branch . the root connect to its foot and lead to the original tree trunk , like a umbilical cord . Johann see this - hellboy 2 58 Johann I have a plan - he look at abe - 87 stand at the garbage truck 87 - as the fishman help the princess up into the rear of the bprd garbage truck . up front , behind the wheel , Liz start the engine . 88 abandoned build 88 hellboy climb a fire escape as the elemental 's arm / branch extend and grow over the ladder , pull it down below he foot . hellboy duck into one of the open window as the elemental tear away the rest of the scaffold . grow and discard branch and root . 89 int . abandoned build - continuous 89 hellboy run like a cockroach through a dilapidate kitchen . behind he , the elemental 's massive branch / fist crash through the wall , then pursue he as he run down a corridor litter with debris . like a wreck ball , the elemental demolish each section of the corridor as hellboy run . 90 ext . ledge - continuous 90 hellboy step out onto a ledge ten storey up , just out of reach of the elemental . hellboy ( to the elemental ) what now , Big Boy ? you get a ladder ? the elemental jump up and down , try to reach he , bark in frustration . hellboy 's radio crackle : abe ( on the radio ) hb ? this be Blue . the princess be fine . hellboy 2 59 hellboy so what ? Johann so , lead he to the bridge . hellboy look over the building and see the Brooklyn Bridge in the distance . hellboy that 's nine block from here , fishbowl ! abe you will figure it out . hellboy what 's at the bridge ? abe - ? liz? hello ??? no answer . muttering , hellboy climb higher , up a buzzing neon sign read " Hotel " . the elemental smashes the letter " Tel " ... so hellboy climb the " 0 " to the roof . 91 int . garbage truck - same 91 Liz drive the garbage truck toward the Brooklyn Bridge . Johann be sit next to she . 92 ext . rooftop - continuous 92 hellboy make a run start and leap off the building . he sail over the alley , reach for the approach cornice ... and almost lose he grip ! he hang on for dear life . behind he , the elemental appear , climb onto a adjacent roof . as he foot smash through the skylight , the elemental pull down a water tower . a wall of water roll toward hellboy , like a ocean wave ! hellboy leap to the next roof ... and the water shoot over the edge of the building , cascade onto the street below . 93 ext . construction site - same 93 Liz park the truck near the Brooklyn Bridge . use binocular , abe peer out the back door to see hellboy bring the elemental closer . hellboy 2 60 abe Johann - they be almost here . Johann move among massive construction machinery . he stop at a stack of heavy spool of cable . abe come run , point at the cable . abe yes . I have the very same idea ... he get behind the lever and handle of a complex machine which hold a half mile of steel cable . abe ( gaze at the control ) . but how do you operate this ?? Johann if you will permit I ... Johann open he finger , and plunge both arm deep into the mechanism ! instantly , the diesel engine start up . Johann ( to abe ) stand back , abe . a hydraulic strut lift the spool , then pitch it through the air , spin off 300 yard of cable . it splashes down near the far shore of the East River . Johann now , tie it onto the pontoon on the other side . ( see hellboy come ) quickly , abe ! 94 in the water 94 abe race down a pier and dive smartly into the dark water . then he surface , surging dolphin-like toward the Manhattan shore . 95 brooklyn bridge - dock 95 hellboy make it to the bridge ... as , behind he , the elemental wade into the river , push aside boat and barge . hellboy 2 61 96 96 in the river abe make it to the other side , surfacing with the cable , towing it to a half - submerge pontoon . Johann ( cont 'd ) ( on the radio ) macht schnell ! abe - make it fast ! the cable be a yard short of the anchor point ! abe tug on it - abe I need more ! Johann no more available ! the elemental 's foot stomp through the river ; he stumble as he encounter the submerge cable . 97 97 underwater cling to the cable , abe be drag down , down down ... past rusting car , oil drum ... and a couple of rotting corpse , they foot in tub of cement ! suddenly , abe 's head strike a sink truck , knock he unconscious . blood seep from he wound . 98 98 at the bridge as hellboy climb one of the bridge tower , he hear someone call out from above : prince ( to hellboy ) have not you manage to kill it yet ? you , who be so eager for a fight ? the Prince be stand on top of the tower . he point at hellboy , then yell at the elemental . prince ( to the elemental ) over here , dear friend ... snatch ! the elemental pluck hellboy off a parapet ! hellboy wriggle in the massive wooden finger - like appendage . hellboy 2 62 the Prince walk to the edge of the tower , near a steel spire , he coat flap in the night wind . prince this might be a good chance for you to come to you sense . help we . hellboy I have be all through this ! the answer 's still no ! Far below , Johann slip he right arm into the cable , bring it to life , whipping it back and forth , like a steel snake ! the cable form a huge loop , splash down near the elemental and tightening around he ankle . the cable tense - Johann ( to Liz ) burn the root !!! burn they !!i he point at the root trail into the river . Liz concentrate and a bolt of fierce white - hot energy pour out of she hand , burn the root at the elemental 's foot . Johann gyrate ; the cable respond , whipping up out of the river ! with a bellow , the elemental lose he balance ; he toss hellboy high into the air . on the way down , hellboy grab a support stay and swing back and forth like a red monkey . he land atop of the elemental 's back , right behind he head . hellboy nap time , Big guy - he raise he stone fist and hit he straight in the back of the neck . the cable tense - - the elemental pitch forward - the Prince look up to see the elemental fall right at he ; he mouth open as if to scream ... the elemental go down , impale himself on a spire atop the bridge ... exactly where the Prince have be stand . put a end , it seem , to both of they . hellboy 2 63 the creature die , but even as it do , its branch embrace the steel structure and grow , ultimately , block and block of the city be now cover in tree and grass and mossy leave ... a strangely beatific and precious change . Liz run up , look out at the river as abe emerge , bleed , but alive . abe , Liz and Johann embrace firmly , laugh and happy to be together . abe eye the princess stand nearby , smile back at he ... hellboy meanwhile observe the group from a distance , jealous , alone . CUT to : 99 int . firing range - later 99 blam ! blam ! deafen shot as hellboy blast the samaritan again and again at a target in the dark fire range . Hit a button , bring the paper close for inspection . result : a very rag , loose pattern around the bull 's eye . suddenly , from the next alley , rapid gunfire . Johann lean over , and to address hellboy through a cloud of gunsmoke . Johann you will permit a small criticism ? you take too much time to aim , to think . nein . just point - like afinger - as if you wish for something . hellboy oh , I wish for something . Johann bring he target close : a beautiful , tight cluster of shot , dead center . Johann speed be of the essence . you must work on it . I be willing to spend some - Johann reach for he loader , accidentally knock heliboy 's onto the floor . hellboy hey , watch it ! you be wind I up , I do not like it . hellboy 2 64 Johann on the contrary . 100 int . locker room - day 100 hellboy 's in the shower , glaring across the room , where Johann stand at a mirror , polish he glass head with a terry cloth towel . hellboy you keep wiping that thing like she 's gonna care . Johann she- who -?? hellboy you know who - she - ( beat ) she 's not gonna care . Johann ( long beat ) you think I be after Liz , do not you ? ( hellboy walk out ) well , I be not . hellboy why not ? ( beat ) not good enough for you ? hellboy wrap a towel around he waist and come up behind Johann . hellboy well - from now on , you do not come near she . you do not talk to she - Johann you forget . I be part of the team now , such interaction be inev - hellboy well - you better start make they " evitable " - Johann that 's not a word - hellboy yes , it be - hellboy 2 65 Johann no , it be not - hellboy raise he stone fist . hellboy now it be - Johann oh , I see - you want to punch I - that 's how you win a argument . hellboy I try . Johann well , you be big , I will give you that much - hellboy " give I ??? " - you do not give I sh - Johann - and you be strong - but you be slow . hellboy slo -?? Johann very - slow - I have see you fight style . very slow - wham -! hellboy crack Johann over the head with he massive fist . to he surprise , the Johann 's glass ball cranium shatter ! hellboy slow enough for ya - ?? with a loud hisss , Johann 's odd suit sag to the floor ! hellboy ow - Johann ... buddy . sorry - I - I - get carry away ... ( lean over the empty suit ) Johann ? you still hear I ? a ectoplasmic tendril reach out from the suit and penetrate the close locker . hellboy it be a accident , okay ? I will get you some help - hellboy 2 66 with a clang ! -- the bank of locker come to life ! Metal door smack hellboy 's head repeatedly , like a pinball machine ! he face imprint in the metal . Johann see ? speed be the key . the vaporous form of Johann 's body emerge from the locker and wander away . the locker room door open and close as he go by . hellboy try to stand , wobble and sit . hellboy Chicken shit ! CUT to : - night 101 101 int . the library abe float in he tank , smile at the princess , who 's at one of the book stand , read to he . princess " I sometimes have a queer feel - especially when you be near I , as now : it be as if I have a string somewhere under my leave rib , tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situate in the corresponding quarter of you little frame . " abe I love this part . keep go . princess " I be afraid that cord of communion will be snapt ; and then I have a nervous notion I should take to bleed inwardly . " she close the book , look troubled . abe Charlotte bronte die shortly before I be bear . it would have be a great privilege to have know she ... princess this " Jane eyre " ... I understand it 's only a story , but such a tie that bind , it exist between I and my brother . I assure you : my brother , he 's not dead - hellboy 2 67 abe how can you know ? we all see - princess we be twin . even now , I can sense he presence . this have be we way since we be young child , in renvyle - abe renvyle , Ireland - the ancient isle - princess ( nods ) a magical place in the West . a different time . Long go . now , he 's near and he 's look for I . I can feel and even understand he . hatred for mankind . abe Men ... usually mean well , I believe that . but they need we help and patience . princess you be very brave , vouching for I . how do you know I be not the enemy , bring I here ? abe it 's as you be say , I suppose . from intuition , feel . I have never meet anyone like you ... but that 's my instinct . they gaze fondly at each other through the glass , as bubbles swirl out of abe 's gill . CUT to : 102 102 int . hellboy' room - night Liz be patching hellboy 's injure head . in the background the tv 's be play up : CITY light , white heat and some tv programming . hellboy he catch I off -guard - but I will get he next time . he 's examine a few letter , contract form , etc . liz there should not be a " next time " we be all part of the same team . hellboy 2 68 hellboy we be - he 's not - the guy 's a egomaniac . you can see right through he . ( pause ) that 's a joke , Liz . Liz remain silent . hellboy ( raise a letter ) look !! they wanna do a cartoon series , base on I ? and this : ( he hold up a box of cereal ) product endorsement - breakfast of demon . and a videogame !!! as CITY light end , Liz lift the remote to turn the volume up . liz gosh , that be so sweet , so sad - it always get I - Red - there 's something I need to - hellboy ( take the remote ) no , wait . ( switch to leno ) look that 's we - jay be show some footage from the giant incident . leno so - this " hellboy " what be he ?? be he really on we side ?? I mean , he 's red , have a tail and shave he horn - horn , lady and gentleman . horn be never a good sign . hellboy ( chuckle ) ha - he 's funny . leno maybe we should have he come over and talk to we a little , uh ? whaddayathink ?? the crowd roar . hellboy that 's a great idea , do not you think ?? hellboy 2 69 liz no , I do not - hellboy do you know that during the commercial break the orchestra keep play so the guest can not talk to jay ... keep the conversation fresh . liz how do you know this thing ? hellboy I read it in tv guide . liz you be really like this , be not you ? hellboy we should do this - liz it 's a bad idea . all of it - do you really need everybody to like you ?? what 's in it for you ?? be we not enough ??? she leave . hellboy glance at leno on tv : a dog outfit in a ballerina costume be jump around with a red ball balanced on its nose . hellboy chuckle . hellboy that 's funny . CUT to : 103 ext . balcony bprd - night 103 Liz be look out into trenton NJ 's light landscape . Johann approach she . Johann be you alright -? Liz nod weakly . Johann May I be of assistance ?? liz maybe . hellboy 2 70 Johann he 's a big brute , be not he ?? Liz chuckle . Johann but he have a good heart . I know it . he mean well . liz I think I may have make a mistake . Johann in what way , mein frau ?? liz just a mistake - nothing important . ( sigh ) but sometimes be with he be not easy - Johann it never be . I know . lis look at he with renew interest . Johann I be marry once . a long , long time ago ... and only after I lose she - I realize that my life would never be quite the same - and my loss lead I to become what I be today ... Johann 's human face materialize inside he glass helmet . Johann I - I try constantly to make contact with she - dissolve start : - seance room - night 104 104 flashback - circa 2001 Johann 's mouth open and out of it emerge a large tendril of ectoplasm . his neck engorge and the substance continue to flow freely out of he mouth and fingertip -- Johann it be only there - in the ethereal plane that I ever gaze upon she again ... camera close in on several ceremonial candle burn in the room . they flame illuminate the eerie scene . hellboy 2 71 out of the mouth of the other guest , emerge other , equally large ectoplasmic shape . they cross to - 105 the ethereal plane 105 once there - they reform into humanoid shape , vaguely reminiscent of they mortal body . Johann float freely , approach another humanoid form in the void : that of a woman , he wife . johann' voice but it be there , while he be partially on the ethereal plane , that disaster struck - he be about to embrace he wife 's form when a horrible rumble occur and the void burst in flame , destroy and distorting everything around he - his wife 's shape scream and evaporate . 106 int . seance room - night 106 bprd agent break in on the scene . smoke and flame billow in the room , wax puddle stand where the ceremonial candle be and seat around the seance table , char corpse hold hand in eternal contact . as the Agents move around a pale , vaporous shape emerge from the soot- stain darkness : it 's Johann . johann' voice all the seance attendee be incinerate . the only survivor - and only to some extent - be I - why ? I will never know -- the form move towards its body and attempt to climb back and reanimate it , but the charree corpse be barely amble to amble a few step forward before collapse into ash and bone ... the shape of ectoplasm stand there , alone and lose - then , Professor trevor broom wander into the scene and approach the form - johann' voice it be then that Professor broom and the b.p.r.d. devise a containment suit for I . a new body - hellboy 2 72 camera pull back to reveal - 107 balcony bprd - night 107 Johann , back in the balcony , talk to Liz . Johann I owe Professor broom everything that I have become . he bring I back to life - he grow silent for a brief moment . Johann but I have never be able to see she again . my reach become limited - my loss , infinite ... Liz put she hand on he shoulder . Johann take it ... Johann loss - the very threat of it make we vulnerable ... make we care - you can see that , do not you ?? without she I become but a empty shell ... Liz lean she head on he shoulder . Johann do not give up on he . not yet . Liz chuckle . liz no . not yet . camera discover hellboy , watch they from behind a glass door , a six - pack in he hand . he step away . 108 int . corridor - later 108 heliboy walk down a desert corridor carry he six pack . he stop , puzzle . strain of Barry manilow be emanate from the library . 109 int . library - continuous 109 hellboy enter the library and go over to the tank . abe be there , listen to vivaldi . hellboy 2 73 abe ah , hello Red . you be up late . hellboy Liz and I - we have a fight - abe oh - hellboy eye the CD player . hellboy do I hear Barry manilow just now ? abe ( smile hypocritical ) Barry m - oh , gosh - no - no - ( fast , stammer ) it be er- urm - vivaldi . Il cimento dell ' armonia I believe I particularly admire the passage ... hellboy hit the eject button on abe 's CD player . the music stop and he pull out a different CD from the changer . hellboy what 's happen to you ?? abe ooh - ooh - ( sigh ) all my life I think I be alone , a make - up name and a random paste on a cylinder . but then I see she - she 's like I . a creature from another world ... alone ... brother Red - I think I be in love . hellboy you say that like it 's a good thing . ( look at the CD ) what track ? abe ( ashamed ) track eight - hellboy ( read ) oh , God - you be disgusting - abe I know - hellboy 2 74 hellboy " can not smile without you " abe I would cry , but I do not have the gland for it .. ( desperate ) what be I go to do , Red ???? hellboy sigh and pop a beer , press play and sigh heavily , look around - abe I miss he - Father - do not you ?? hellboy ( nods ) everyday . abe he would tell what to do - he would tell what 's right - what 's wrong - hellboy he do that for all of we ... the open string of " can not smile without you . " abe ( sip beer ) you know ? i- I never much appreciate manilow 's artistry that much - until now - now it seem to be a grand poet and speak directly to my innermost feeling . hellboy jeez - you need to get out more - the two of they sit there , grow quiet , listen to the syrupy music . then , slowly , the two of they start sing : low at first and then at the top of they voice , move and teary - eye . 110 110 int . princess room at bprd - night the princess hear the distant music and smile , but then feel a chill down she spine . she shudder and move to the panoramic window and gaze outside , to the wood and the distant city light below ... hellboy 2 75 ext . bprd - night 111 the music can be hear at a distance . a dark figure stand on a hill , amid the tree , listen and watch ... camera move in : the Prince gaze at the building . CUT to : 112 112 int . bprd corridor - day man stride down the corridor , follow by the bprd team . all of they dress in black leather outfit . manning this be a whole new ballgame and I want you to take my lead . abe I find this leather outfit very uncomfortable - manning maybe so , maybe so - but they look - hip . ( beat ) when it come to deal with reporter or the public , I set the tone . you all know the old say : the perception be the reality . hellboy correctamundo , chief . for one thing , we can ditch the garbage truck , right ? abe wait , Red , the lab 's in it - hellboy screw the lab . I want new wheel . manning ( smirking ) you get them - the round a corner and enter - 113 int . bprd garage - day 113 Three gleam hummer await they . hellboy 2 76 manning a gift from General Motors . one for each of you . each hummer have custom paint : hellboy 's with scene of Dante 's inferno , Liz 's with flame and abe 's with a underwater vista . hellboy this be more like it ! liz I be not drive that - abe have open the hood on he hummer . abe this be a most unfortunate vehicle . the sheer waste of precious fossil fuel ... manning a american custom , it 's call product placement ! what 's the harm ? CUT to : -- day 114 114 ext . new york STREET a mob of scream fan outside the tv studio . the frenzy intensify when they see the hummer pull up . as the bprd team exit the car , autograph seeker break through the police line and swarm around the heroes . manning every agent on the field be on the case . they will solve it -- hellboy sign a color photo of himself with a flourish . hellboy there you go , pal . " to Jason , best wish , hellboy . " fan ( squint at the signature ) how be I suppose to read that ? bellboy you do not like it ? hellboy 2 77 irritate , he scowl at the fan . man take he by the elbow and lead he away . hellboy ( to the fan ) that turn up on e- Bay , I be gonna find you , " Jason " ... 115 115 int . GREEN room - later a row of makeup chair . man sit in the first one , look at himself in the mirror . manning can you do anything about this ... uh ... ( lower he voice ) - double chin ? makeup girl no , you be not be make up . manning why not ? makeup girl they say , you be too normal . you do not need anything . manning but - believe I - I be not normal at all ... 2 camera move to the next makeup chair , where makeup girl hold a camelhair brush and stare dubiously at abe . makeup girl 2 so , what color be that - green ? abe Carribbean Blue , actually . camera move to the next makeup chair , where the very sexy makeup girl 3 gingerly touch hellboy 's chest . makeup girl 3 be this really scar ? hellboy well , yeah . each one tell a story - his grin fade as he see Johann talk to Liz . he abruptly get up and go to they . hellboy 2 78 hellboy that about you , glass -man ? a few squirt of windex ? Johann I be not go on . and if I may - a word of advice - ( long beat , then sotto voce ) - it 's not a good idea to hint that you two have ... a relationship . hellboy thanks a bunch . I will decide that . Johann you do not know how people may react . hellboy it 's a love story . they will lap it up . Johann I know you do not like I , but trust I on this one . ( beat ) I know you father - he be a friend - hellboy blink , take the information in . Johann do as you may - but know this - he would not have approve of you behaviour . a p.a. open the door . p.a . you be on -! Johann I will be watch from the truck lab , where I belong - go , enjoy you fifteen minute ... he walk away . CUT to : 116 116 int . moscow subway - night sign : patrovick station , moscow , 22.00 hour . a busy Moscow Subway station , not very crowded at this time of night . sleepy patron await the arrival of the subway . hellboy 2 79 one of they , a puppet vendor , showcase he product . he manipulate a wooden marionette : a knight in shining armor . in the distance - light , bright light and the train roar !!! the puppeteer ready he merchandise bag and quickly move to the edge of the platform alongside other passenger . the light grow in intensity and the roar become deafen . but something 's wrong , really , wrong - puppeteer hooy to ny ! the light be in reality , the eye of a giant dragon and it roar into the platfrom , demolosh pillar , crush people and eat the puppeteer in a matter of second . pandemonium ensue . 117 117 int . garbage truck lab - night a warning light go off on the truck 's global positioning map : " moscow " but Johann and the other agent be too absorb watch the leno show on the bank of monitor . leno lady and gentleman , yesterday we see some extraordinary thing on tv . and tonight you be in for more . CUT to : 118 118 tv show jay leno grin and pull he microphone close . leno please extend a warm , warm welcome to hellboy , Liz sherman , abe sapien , and special agent Tom man . uproarious applause as the bprd team come out and make they way to the couch . 119 119 int . bprd conference room - same alone in the bprd conference room , the princess be watch the show . the massive yrdrig be curl up at she foot . bellboy 2 80 lend wow , so - he 's point at man . leno . what planet be you from ? manning Washington , D.C. , jay . it 's hot and inhospitable to human life . lend funny . ( to Liz ) why be you just " Liz " and not Fire girl ? liz I be bear in milwaukee , so it be just plain old Liz ever since first grade . hellboy hey , we do call she sparky now and then . a chuckle from the crowd . hellboy smile in satisfaction . lend ( to abe ) and you , abe . be it uncomfortable at night with that toilet seat around you neck ? the princess smile as the camera singles out abe for a closeup . abe actually , Mr. leno , my lung be more like gill . I need to convert the air 's nitrogen into oxygen , otherwise I would suffocate in five minute . lend ( nodding ) gotcha . we call that stand - up comedy . 120 int . garbage truck lab - same 120 Johann be groan . this be turn unpleasant . behind he , the map 's light be lightning up non-stop . hellboy 2 81 leno ( cont 'd ) so , hellboy : what 's you favorite food ? Devil 's food cake ? do you have a last name ? more laughter at hb . Liz mortify . she touch hb 's hand to restrain he . cameras zoom in on this . leno whoa . what 's that - be you two a item ? hellboy uh ... I - leno ( to Liz ) Care to comment on that ? sound like you be contemplate marriage ! liz ( after a big pause ) you know , jay , we be - together . we be . rumble of consternation from the audience . Johann uh oh . man , I think you poll just tank . he turn to see the map - light like a christmas tree . Johann mein gott - 121 121 tv show leno smile at the audience , which be buzzing . leno folk , this be modern America . a guy in rhode Island marry he motorcycle ! what 's a little inter-specy romance in this day and age ? liz : scatter booing from the back row . jay turn back to leno okay , here 's what we have really be wonder : be he just like every guy ? in every respect ? I mean , he look like a guy ... ( more ) hellboy 2 82 leno ( continue ) and if so , be you use any protection ? a layer of asbestos might be in order , do not you think ? Liz tense up in silence . hold tight to hb 's hand . hellboy be ready to explode . liz as a matter of fact , jay - before she can finish , the production assistant run out and hand a note to leno , who scan it and grow serious : leno we we be get pre-empt , lady and gentleman . please , bare with we . we will be right back - camera push in on one of the monitor : 122 ext . tokyo street - night 122 News footage of the ginza feature yokai ghost on a rampage , destroy the store and attack salarymen . announcer 1 this be a news alert . Tokyo be under assault - repeat - this city have be attack . monstrous being , defy description , have wade into the ginza - the jumpy , handheld image be full of digital interference . the spectral beast drag down power line and hurl car . announcer I - where police be helpless and hospital overwhelm . one moment , please . Moscow ... come in , Moscow ... CUT to : 123 ext . moscow street - same 123 Red Square , Moscow now see in similar , shaky video . hundred of citizen be run from a tower , dragon . announcer 2 this be CNN in Moscow , where a Dragon have laid claim to Red Square . yes - a dragon . hellboy 2 83 the dragon head towards the tv reporter and screeching , it raise its paw . announcer 2 oh , my God ... camera go down , then the picture wink out . Black screen . the hiss of static ... pan off the monitor to jay leno , who sit in stunne silence , like everyone else . finally , he look over at hellboy . leno Friends of yours ? hellboy ( growl ) no -! leno then , may I ask what you be do here ? should not you be out protect humanity instead of hook up with we woman ? at last , hellboy explode . bellow , he rip up the desk and throw it through the backdrop ! CUT to : 124 124 tnt . bprd - same the princess snap off the tv , look worried . alone with she thought , she examine the curve gold piece hang from a chain around she neck . she close she eye and shudder - trouble be near . the yrdgrig wake up and whimper . 125 125 int . bprd corridor - continuous video camera record the journey of the princess as she make she way through the nearly - desert corridor . 126 tnt . library -- continuous 126 a video surveillance camera in the bprd library record the princess as she cross to abe 's tank . bellboy 2 84 she hide the gold segment within the page of " Jane eyre . " at that moment , the yrdrig growls - princess shhh , it 's all right - boom -! a jolt shake the room . a-moment later , a wall collapse as warty , heavily muscle arm and finger tear at the masonry ! in second , a squad of trolls pull itself into view ! wink leer at the princess . from she waistband , she produce a long , thin dagger and wield it timidly . somewhere in the building , alarm start clanging . the yrdrig shake himself into action and spring . with a snarl , it attaches its several jaw onto the nearest troll . as the fight creature crash into the spiral staircase , the princess hear a familiar voice : prince hold . the Prince step into the room , carry a long spear . the troll be on top of the yrdrig , ready to kill he . prince come -! the troll release the yrdrig and bound over to the Prince . the last troll , however , grab the yrdrig by the neck and brutally twist -! the animal 's three mouth yelp and cough , fight for air . - the it thrashes pathetically until , suddenly , it 's over beast be dead . princess no ! prince where be you sense of shame ? you mingle with ... the liar ? 127 int . bprd garage - same 127 alarm be ringing as the hummer pull into the underground parking garage . man and hellboy jump out of they vehicle and see - hellboy 2 85 - a couple of dead agent sprawle on the load dock . manning what in God 's name - ? hellboy , abe , Liz and Johann race past he , disappear into the building . the alarm bell be deafen . 128 int . bprd corridor 128 hellboy lead the way down the corridor , which be alive with scramble personnel . several bprd employee be lie on the floor , wounded and confuse . 129 int . lobby 129 the top -level human agent be cluster in the lobby , they gun draw , all of they aim at the Prince and he drool bodyguard . standoff . as hellboy and the team arrive , abe see the princess , she arm tie . her brother hold she by the hair . abe princess ! without think , he dart forward . instantly , one of the troll swipe at he , its claw just miss he chest - hellboy abe ! no , get back !! abe regains he balance and try again , he eye glue to the desperate feature of the beautiful young woman . hellboy manage to restrain he . princess Mr. sapien , do not ! he will kill you ! prince I will kill you all , if that 's what you want . hellboy no . why do not you just start with I ? hellboy stroll up to the Prince . prince you challenge - I ? hellboy 2 86 hellboy you bet you ass I do - prince you weapon of choice ? hellboy ( hold up he massive hand ) five-fingered Mary . in the background , man arrive , wide - eye . just in time to see the Prince hand off he captive to one of the troll . he drop back , flip he spear to horizontal and wait for hellboy 's attack . 130 130 fight hellboy feint leave , go right and whip around , swinging he tail at the Prince . the Prince leap and jab with the spear , poke a hole in hellboy 's coat . the surround crowd back away as the combatant circle each other . the Prince be nimble . the Prince be quick . he thrust the spear again and again , drive hellboy into a display case full of antique weapon . the glass break and a number of sword and axe fall to the floor . Johann ( to hellboy ) Arm yourself ! use the flail !. hellboy not my style . watch and learn , fish bowl . he punch the Prince , hard . the blow knock the Prince to he knee ; as he rise , hellboy connect with a brutal combination . in the arm of the troll , the princess ' head rocket back and forth , as if strike . a moan of pain escape from she lip . abe ( see this ) h.b. , no ! stop - you must not harm he ! as the Prince totter , hellboy turn to look at abe , momentarily distract - then - hellboy 2 87 hellboy grimace and look down : the Prince 's spear tip be half - bury in he chest ...! the Prince sneer and give the spear a savage yank , break off the blade ! hellboy 's eye roll upward ; Liz scream . she and Johann manage to catch hellboy as he collapse . the Prince reclaim the princess and turn to the human . his eye seek out abe , who have rush to hellboy 's side . prince ( show off the princess ) if you want to see she again , you will give I what 's rightfully mine . many people die for that crown . bring it to I . he and he troll escape into the night . CUT to : 131 int . medical BAY - later 131 stretched out on a operate table , hb be barely conscious . abe , in surgical goggle , probe the wound . in close - up , abe 's webbed finger lightly touch the glint metal that protrude from hellboy 's sternum . the spear tip respond , as if alive ; it wriggle , produce a groan from hb . Liz be near panic . liz abe , stop study ! pull the friggin ' thing out , why do not you ? abe Liz , I be sorry . it 's a magical alloy . every time I touch it , it move closer to he heart . ( gesture ) come here , I will show you ... Liz back away , shaking she head . liz no ! I do not want to see it ! ( to Johann ) we have get to do something ! hellboy 2 88 abe I can not reverse the magic - we have to look for the Prince or somebody that can help Red . liz go after that son-of - a-bitch and get he to reverse the spell !! Johann he will demand the gold piece - liz so ? we find it ! we give it to he -!! man exchange a worried look with a couple of he agent in the b.g. 132 int . princess ' room - moment later 132 Liz rummages in the princess ' quarter , throw bedding around , open drawer . 133 133 int . conference room - moment later Liz burst into the conference room and start shove book and papers aside , hunt high and low . 134 134 int . bprd control room - night Johann walk into the control room . in every screen a crisis situation be visible . jagged , blurry footage show a yeti at large in nebraska and a plesiosaurus at large in Scotland , etc , etc - agent agate a lupgarou loose in picadilly , a wing creature nest in a skyscraper - we have a situation in almost every point of the map . Johann look back at a map with LED indicator signal each crisis in the globe . they keep turn on a dozen a second . Johann the Rebellion 's spread too fast - the only way to stop it be to stop the Prince . hellboy 2 89 135 int . library - night 135 abe enter the dark , soaking library and survey the ruin of he tank . he go directly to one of the book stand , which lie in piece on the floor . he come up with he copy of " Jane eyre . " he open it to chapter 23 and find the gold piece . liz any luck ? Liz have come in behind he . abe quickly palm the precious thing in he webbed hand . abe no. sorry . liz it do not matter . abe no -? liz no. forget the gold piece . let 's we just find this royal asshole . ( fierce ) Fire and water , I and you , abe . we will kick he ass . abe look supremely troubled . liz abe , let 's do this for Red ! abe nod , unable to find a good answer . he manage to tuck the gold piece into he belt . CUT to : 136 int . conference room - later 136 abe stand at a lectern . behind he , a project image of the princess ' map from the troll market . his finger trace the strange , elvish text . hellboy 2 90 abe the map contain within the cylinder seem useless - ( beat ) now the case itself prove very useful - he moisten the hold cylinder case on a rubber stamp mat and imprint the surface pattern on the paper map . glyph and coordinate become visible . a silhouette of a twisted , gnarly tree be visible too . abe renvyle it be - both the princess and she brother be bear there . they hold it sacred . manning even if you be right , we sit tight and locate the gold piece , make sure he never ever get he hand on it . if there 's any truth to this legend , the fate of the world depend on it . liz what about Red ?? do not you care about he ??? a moment of silence . nobody know what to say . finally : Johann Liz . that may be he destiny . man be right : we can not take the chance . Liz glare at he . liz I see . Red be right about you . welcome to the team , Johann . and goodbye . she leave the room . CUT to : 137 int . hb be room - later 137 hellboy lean weakly against the doorway to he room . his cat purr all around he , oblivious to he pain . he sit by the bed . Liz enter the room . he smile weakly at she - hellboy 2 91 hellboy do not worry , sparky - it 's all go to be alright - abe stand nearby , in silence . Liz look at he , teary - eye . abe we will make it alright . screw man - you be right , Liz - we should just do this together : the three of we . Liz smile . CUT to : 138 int . plane - night 138 the bprd airplane sit quietly in its hangar . in the passenger compartment , hellboy climb up . he look up to see Liz smile down at he . 139 int . cockpit - same 139 abe 's sit in the pilot 's seat , leaf through the massive airplane manual . abe engine , start - refer to na-7488-bd ... Liz climb in behind he . liz we stay here much longer , we be gonna get catch ... abe just a few more minute . here 's a easy way to remember that " port " mean " leave . " they each have four - a noise from the door : it 's Johann . Johann good evening , friend . liz do not try to stop we , Johann . hellboy 2 92 Johann on the contrary . I have be give it some think , and we should be able to save hellboy . after all , the Prince lack the gold crown . without it , he army pose no threat . none at all . abe be very quiet . abe ( in despair ) its useless - I - I - can not - I can not pilot this thing ... Johann sit down in the co-pilot seat and meld with the control ... Johann I will give it a try - abe smile at the sound of the engine start up . 140 140 int . bprd corridor - same man bang on a vend machine in one of the bprd corridor . as a dribble of hot coffee splatter into he cup , a couple of agent run up . agent Sir - you would better come , fast - manning get it - ow ! he burn he finger on the coffee as he hurry after the agent . 141 141 int . hangar - moment later the bprd airplane be roaring , amid cloud of exhaust fume . the plane spin around and around in tight circle , its wing tip knock into ladder , light and shelf . a bunch of agent be cower in the doorway as man arrive . manning not all of they , it 's not possible ! agent be not that Johann at the control ? hellboy 2 93 sure enough , they get a glimpse of the transparent head through the cockpit window . abe 's there , too . he raise a webbed hand to wave goodbye . the plane taxi outside onto the runway ... 142 ext . runway - night 142 .and take off , barely under control , just miss the New Jersey treetop . CUT to : 143 underground 143 the Prince pull the princess through fracture , roaring tunnel . here and there , the wall be pierce , allow light and ocean wave to enter . rounding a few corner , the Prince stop near a wall decorate with a large , elaborate fresco . it show a stylize family tree , hunt scene and naive renderings of troll , faery and ogre . prince maybe this will help you remember who we be , who you be ... what we destiny be - the Prince push he sister through a low doorway , out onto a - 144 ledge 144 - overlook a vast cavern , big as a stadium , light by a thousand torch . the mechanical army stand knee - deep in heaving seawater and foam . prince they - they - will be mine to command , whether you like it or not . only after we victory will you appreciate my sacrifice ... and yours . 145 ext . bprd plane - day 145 the bprd plane exit a bank of cloud and start its descent upon a irish island surround by the Atlantic Ocean . hellboy 2 94 massive granite mountain encircle a impossibly green valley . 146 tnt . bprd plane cockpit - day 146 early sunlight wash over hellboy 's body , who weakly groan in Liz 's arm . hellboy ( to Liz ) where be we , Liz ..? liz near the ocean , Red . we'regonna make you well here . 147 ext . OPEN field , ireland - day 147 148 sign : reynville , ireland . 148 the back door of the cargo plane open and out come abe and Johann - 149 ext . GREEN field - day 149 Liz and abe help hellboy up to a gnarled tree , twisted by eon of wind . abe unfurl the map and point at a draw of a similar , weird tree . abe this should be the portal . by all rights - Johann reach the tree and inspect it carefully . Johann abe , bring the mapcase over here . he 's find a roundish slot in the tree , where the lowest branch join the trunk . abe slip the map back into its crystal cylinder and hold it alongside : it look to be a perfect fit . liz yes ! try it , abe - hellboy 2 95 Johann before you do anything ... remember what we be in for . a world unlike anything we have ever know . dangerous , deceptive ... liz you be waste time ! abe insert and twist the cylinder . the tree come to life , haul its root out of the ground , bend they into a sway arch . Johann dangerous , deceptive ... and hard to leave . they walk under the tree root , into ... 150 150 fairy world a transformed landscape . a perpetual nightland - still overlook the same ocean , but now throbbing with pale color and twisted , rackahm - esque contour . the man start down the hill , into a valley border by a rugge coastline . CUT to : 151 ext . inlet - day 151 the team reach the stony shore of a mile - wide inlet . abe bring out the map . abe ( point to the opposite shore ) renvyle be over there . they glance up and down the beach , look for a boat . hellboy blink and sniff the air . a goblin speak up from a outcropping of rock in the shallow directly in front of they . by he side , sit atop of a tree : a satyr and a crow observe the group . goblin I bid you welcome , stranger . would you be seek safe passage to renvyle ? bellboy 2 96 liz yes ! can you help we ? Johann ( quiet ) careful , Liz . satyr I be sure you can come to a understanding ! the goblin heave on a oar and emerge from behind the rock . he 's stand in the stern of a sturdy little coracle . its wooden hull be paint in celtic pattern . goblin room enough for all of you ! ( look at hellboy ) even you weary friend . Johann what will it cost , boatman ? the goblin smile , display a disconcert row of triangular tooth . goblin ah , next to nothing ! make I a offer . abe , Johann and Liz confer among themselves : liz how much ? crow he will not want money . Johann ( to the goblin ) I have a ... belt ! of Johann remove he equipment belt , dangle it in front the creature 's bat-like face . goblin I have no use for such a thing . Liz show he she binocular . liz here ... be a wonderful set of eye , magic eye that will bring the world - hellboy 2 97 goblin I already have binocular ! no , I see something special . he point toward hellboy 's chest . satyr under he bandage - ! Quick as a squirrel , the creature hop to hellboy 's side and bring out a knife ! swish ! in one sweep of the blade , he reveal hb 's terrible wound , and the speartip protrude from it . goblin that ! ( point at the steel ) that - in exchange for you crossing ! liz do not you touch it - ! she rush to hellboy 's side , push the goblin back , ready for a fight . the goblin shrug . goblin be it so precious to you ? let I pull it out . abe you must not . one touch can kill he . the goblin 's eye grow wide with understanding . goblin ah. I see . we must go to the angel of death - crow he will know what to do . 152 ext . inlet - day 152 the tiny boat be a dot on the golden wave of the inlet as the goblin row they to the opposite shore and dock near a cove . the goblin lead the way as Liz , abe and Johann arrive and help hellboy up . hellboy 2 98 strange bird hang upside down form the cave 's roof . a massive chimney have be carve out of the cave 's rock at the other end . a Black , ancient figure be hunch there , warming its skeletal hand by the fire . a raspy voice utter something in a ancient language . the goblin reply , gesture at hellboy , who collapse on the floor . in a deep coma , hellboy lie on the floor , near the crackle fireplace . the angel of death extend its four black wing and a thin , jag smile appear in its pale , eyeless face . angel of death so. this one ... the boy - I remember he well ! anung-un-rama ! liz oh , my God . she know - ?! angel of death I help bring he into this world - in my fashion . it pull a set of a glow , red-hot tong out of the fire . it study the speartip , which have bury itself deep in hellboy 's flesh . angel of death ( cont 'd ) I warn you : it be he destiny to rule over the destruction of the Earth . not now , not tomorrow - but some day . you be sure you want he to live ? liz yes , I say yes - ! abe and Johann exchange a silent , worried look . angel of death very well , then - but let it be say : the day will come when you will pay the price fire girl : this will bring you and the world much sorrow . liz and I will deal with it when that time come . now save he . the creature cackle and then grip the spear tip with the tong . a cry of pain from hellboy as it withdraw the bloody point from he chest . hellboy 2 99 the angel of death hold up the speartip and look at it with distaste . angel of death harmless now . ( look at hellboy ) see - ? hellboy 's eye flutter open . angel of death ( to hellboy ) sleep now , child . you strength , it will return . a guttural hiss from the corner : the goblin be jump up and down , point at the speartip . Johann we ferry captain - he want he payment ... angel of death ach , outside with you ! she toss the speartip to the creature , who scoops it up and bound out the door . instantly , the goblin and bird leap down and crowd around he , chatter in excitement over the latest prize . she gaze down at hellboy , whose yellow eye be fix on she . he smile wanly . CUT to : 153 ext .. hilltop - day 153 alone on a hilltop , abe survey the coastline . through the binocular , he discern a second cave half -hidden behind wild , break wave . glancing back at angel of death 's cave , Johann strike off on he own , head for the cave . 154 ext . hut - day 154 outside angel of death 's hut , a bandage hb be sit up , blink in the sunlight . he sip some tea and gaze at Liz , who be happy now . hellboy 2 100 liz I almost lose you - hellboy smile and grab she hand - hellboy I think you be mad at I . liz well , no one can stay mad forever . hellboy I be sorry for all the attention , I think it would be good for we . liz we be never go to make they all happy , Red . what we have be ours and no one else be - bellboy I can turn my back on the world . I do not care anymore I do not - as long as you stay with I - as long as you think I be still a good man . ( beat ) be I a good man , Liz ?? be I ?? liz yes you be . you be the best man I have ever meet . hellboy you still seem sad . be there anything you want to tell I -?? liz yes , there be - hellboy say it now , then . whatever it be , I be ready . ( sigh ) be it about Johann - liz no - no - what be you talk about ?? before she can go on , Johann appear . he carry a poultice and fresh rag . bellboy 2 101 Johann abe and I have find the entrance to the Golden Army 's rest place - Liz come with we - ( look at hellboy ) you should stay behind and get some rest - hellboy and call you in the morning , right ?? like Hell I will . I be keep a eye on you , glasshole - CUT to : 155 155 ext . hill - day Johann , Liz and hellboy follow a rugge trail along a bluff high over the sea . Johann refer to the map , then point to the cave open a half - mile ahead . abe be stand there , waving - Johann there . abe point at the violent sea below - abe the only way in - I be afraid we will have to jump in - ( look at hellboy ) can you make it -? hellboy nod . bellboy strange . if this be the entrance - abe I know - why be not there more security ?? with a roar , wink !!!!! - jump out and throw a chain around bellboy 's neck ! the chain be connect to he iron mace which now dangle around hellboy 's neck . the two creature battle each other fiercely . wink 's mace destroy a nearby tree , like a wreck ball and it connect twice with hellboy 's head . but Red get the upper hand quickly , snap the chain in two and twirling the mace like a boleador . hellboy 2 102 he hit wink again and again - hellboy see ?? it hurt !!! it hurt !!! hellboy grip the chain , pull the creature close , then , like a weightlifter , raise he high overhead . with a mighty grunt , hellboy toss he overboard . wink hit the jag rock once - twice - thrice - hellboy ouch - ouch - ouch - ( look around ) we better go swim before any more ugly fella show up - he stare down into the swirl water and discreetly take he hand to he bandage side : he 's bleed . the wound have re-opene . abe Red , be you -? hellboy do not say a word , Blue - let 's move on - 156 156 underwater Johann plunge in from above , he body quickly tumble by the rough seas . a moment later , Liz and hellboy be in the water , too . Johann swim down , lead they into the darkness of the cave entrance . 157 int . cave entrance - same 157 as they bob up for air , they find there 's only a few inch of breathe room between the sea and the rocky ceiling . Liz start cough . Johann hang on , people . I will be right back . 158 158 underwater Johann dive down to find a rusting , iron lock six foot under the surface . he try to turn the control wheel , but can not make it budge . bellboy 2 103 second later , hellboy be at he side , grip the wheel in he huge hand . use all he strength , hellboy finally manage to turn it . his bandage , however , float free ... and he wound open up , emit a plume of blood . lung burst , he shoot to the surface . Johann stay behind and swing open the lock , revealing ... 159 a stairwell 159 . carve from the live rock , lead upward into the depth of the cliff . CUT to : 160 stair - later 160 the trio cautiously climb the stair , find they way with light stick . hellboy stop to lean against the wall . he dab at he chest with a rag . liz ( to Johann ) hold up . we need to rest . hellboy say who ? I be fine , I tell ya . he lurch forward , push past the other , fight off he pain . liz ( to Johann ) this be a mistake . he 's - Johann mein gott -- the stair lead to - 161 int . cavern 161 -a vast underground arena where a thousand torch be flicker . camera pull back to reveal rank upon rank of golden soldier . immobile . Silent . wait . hellboy 2 104 162 among the soldier 162 hellboy lead the way down a row of gleam statue , pause to gaze up at the blank face of one of the infantrymen . hellboy hey , amigo . you get some gum ? two row away , Johann examine the lethal weaponry that terminate the arm of each soldier . Johann most ingenious . a versatile , highly mobile kill machine . liz make that machine , Johann . I see more than one . hellboy tap on a soldier 's mechanical chest , which boom faintly , send echoes up into the dark cavern . hellboy wow . you hear that ? listen - he thump it , harder . the mechanical thing rock backwards ... hellboy uh oh. crash !!! the thing fall onto the soldier behind it ! then , - the ear-shatter noise of a hundred car wreck build as - a toppling line of soldier race away like fall domino !! hellboy whoops . the sound dwindle , then build again as another line of fall soldier bear down on they !! Liz scream and hellboy pull she aside . the soldier crash past they until - - the din suddenly stop . the prince stand reveal at the head of the column . hellboy 2 105 prince as a boy , they say I enjoy toy soldier . so do you , I see . he stroll past the mechanical figure , pause to kick aside some of the weapon . prince ( to hellboy ) you be bleed . most unfortunate . hellboy wipe at he ooze chest wound . hellboy yeah . now it 's you turn . prince do you envy this contraption ? they never bleed . they feel nothing . not even the zest of combat . the Prince circle they , keep a eye on Johann . prince this fight man be the very model of patience ... merely await word from they lawful commander . as from he tunic , he bring forth two of the gold segment . he fit they together ... prince you have the remain piece , I presume . Johann we do not - prince ( surprised ) then you be most foolish . he gesture to some troll guard near a tunnel entrance . they lead the princess out in chain . prince ( cont 'd ) you come here expect what ? mercy ? Johann the death you would unleash will never happen ! what you need be far from here and will stay out of you reach forever . hellboy 2 106 a voice reach they ear from the tunnel entrance behind they . abe stop - I have it . abe , drip wet , stand there , the last gold segment in the palm of he hand . abe ( approaching ) here ... for she ... take it ... Johann oh , my God . what have he do ? keeping he eye on the princess , abe give the gold piece to the Prince . hellboy step forward , feel dizzy and betrayed . hellboy abe - abe ( to hellboy ) you can not fight he - not without hurt she ... ( beat ) what would you do if it be Liz ?? click ! the Prince fit the gold part together and place the result crown on he head ! prince I be Prince nuada and I command my army to life once more . do anyone dispute my right ? with the deep sound of gear , ratchet and spring , the army come to life . up come the lance and shield . prince ( cont 'd ) ( point at the team ) kill they . abe be now aghast , see the Prince drag he sister back . abe ( to the Prince ) that be you price !! a ransom , you say - pay in good faith !! ( more ) hellboy 2 107 abe ( continue ) ( to hellboy ) why , he lie to we ! hellboy abe old buddy . if we survive this , we need to talk . the Army swing into action , march toward they . the four friend retreat , soon press against one of the wall . abe he - he 's a cad ! can you imagine , a highborn heir to the throne , last in a noble line of - bellboy not now , abe , okay ? the first phalanx of golden soldier be upon they , they terrifying weapon slashing in unison . hellboy bring out he huge gun and start fire as Johann grab a torch and swing it like a club . a couple of the mechanical soldier go down , only to pop back onto they foot , new weapon blossoming on they arm . liz let I - Liz summon up a white - hot burst of electrical fire in each hand . with a yell , she unleash a searing explosion at the oncoming fighter . the shock wave roll through the enemy rank , flatten score of soldier . for a moment , the bprd team regains hope ... but the endless line of mechanical keep come , march on and over they scorched comrade . hellboy holster the samaritan and rush forward , give it he best . his wound be run with fresh blood . he punch a soldier , whose mace pound repeatedly against he ravage chest ; as blood spatter he face , hellboy groan and keep fight , to absolutely no effect . at length , the mechanical arm throw hellboy against the wall , where he collapse , unable to carry on . Johann invincibility !? so - the only one thing may stop they - Johann unzip he suit ; with a hisss , he ectoplasmic self flow out , into the body of the nearest mechanical soldier ! hellboy 2 108 instantly , the thing whirl on its companion and start chopping ! bit and piece of gold machinery fly about as Johann rip into the enemy !! but again , fresh metal soldier fill in for the fall . as the bprd team watch in dismay , Johann 's mechanical shell be surround by the other soldier , who methodically dismember it like maraud insect ! as the part drop to the floor , twitching and useless , Johann slither out and re-inhabit he suit . Johann ach . they be too many . anyone have another idea ? hellboy grab the nearest sword and haul himself to he foot . hellboy ( a bellow ) Prince nuada : I challenge you right to command this army ! with a soft boom , the clockwork troops come to a halt ! all the mechanical head turn toward the Prince , who stand on a ledge with he sister . abe ( follow hb ) no= please - no - hellboy move away from he . hellboy a challenge must be answer ! raise you sword ! prince a challenge from you ? a nobody ?? you be no one . princess no !! he be anung-un- rma - son of the fall one - he have the right ! her eye lock with abe 's : there 's no other way . the Prince see hellboy come and with a bitter smile pick up he sword . hellboy 2 10 9 prince very well . ( to the bprd team ) May he fate show you the cost of pride and blindness . as the hall ring with they first blow of they sword - Johann hellboy 's too weak - summon up he last ounce of strength , hellboy manage to drive the Prince back into the center of the arena , where they fight under the inscrutable gaze of the golden army . every time hellboy get a clean shot at the Prince , abe look at he , plead , and hb have no choice but to keep parry off he enemy . hellboy 's sword grow heavy in he hand ; he stare at it in dismay as it tremble . his muscle can no longer respond . the Prince be ready to kill he . liz ( witness to a nightmare ) no !! no ! ! a sudden movement at the ledge , where the princess step forward and ... use she conceal dagger , she stab herself in the right arm !! in silent slow motion , she drop the dagger . instantly , the Prince drop he arm ... he hand come away red with blood . he look over at he sister . they share a hard look of mutual understanding . Love and hatred . hellboy raise , through supreme effort , bleed . he quickly raise he sword . the fight resume , but this time , hb have the advantage . he fight bravely and after parry fiercely with the Prince , he disarm he and point he sword at he chest . hellboy I - have - win - prince no . you have not - hellboy 2 110 he impale himself on hellboy 's sword . the blade go through he abdomen and protrude on the other side . hellboy pull it out , but it 's too late . both the Prince and the princess collapse to the ground , mortally wounded . abe ( gasp ) no - abe hurry to the princess . take she into he arm , blink in despair . the pale young creature be now a ghostly white . she lift she eye to abe 's , caress he thin , scaly face . princess we will find each other again , somewhere . and she die in he arm . in the center of the arena : prince ( to hellboy ) you ... think you be any different from I ? the human - they will tire of you . they will disappoint you . and in the end , they will betray you . you ... be live a lie . you time will come again . May you make a better choice . then , he , too , be dead . both he and he sister turn to fine , pale dust . and the wind carry away the ash from abe 's hand ... shaken , hellboy lift the crown from the Prince 's head . look at it carefully , as if consider the possibility . suddenly , he rip it into piece . as he crush the first segement ... . a entire division of the golden army collapse into a heap of scrap metal ! hellboy do the same with a second section of the crown and another massive division of the army tumble into junk ! hb be about the tear up the last segment of the crown , when it explode in he hand ! whump ! the last of the army disintegrate . hellboy confront the Prince 's frighten troll guard : hellboy 2 111 hellboy ( to the troll ) you - and you kind ! leave here . and stay in the shadow - where you belong . as the ogre slink back into the tunnel , Liz look at hellboy . he seem angry , stung by the Prince 's last word . dissolve : 163 163 ext . hill - day the bprd team cross waterfall and stone bridge , through the magical hill . Liz walk at hellboy 's side , but he avoid she glance . 164 164 ext . tree -- day they reach the strange , twisted tree . Johann take the map cylinder and fit it into the slot . Johann any last minute request ? abe ( very quiet ) do it , please . I - I be ready for the real world now . Johann turn the cylinder . the tree root form they arch ... and the bprd team walk through . 165 165 ext . renvyle - day on the other side of the tree : man and a bunch of agent have set up spotter scope and be gaze out over the countryside , look for they . suddenly , the team appear , literally from out of nowhere . manning ( startled ) whoa ! where would you come from ? we be just - bellboy I know , here to help . well , I appreciate that man . hellboy 2 112 abe step past hellboy and remove he gunbelt and equipment pack . abe yes , Mr. man . I want to thank you , too . for all you have do for we over the year . he give he stuff to the astonished agent . manning what ? what , exactly be this ? abe ( walk away ) I quit . hellboy glance at abe , then haul out the samaritan and shrug off he pack , too . manning come on . you be resign ? hellboy look that way , do not it ? hellboy start to leave , but spin around and take he gun back . hellboy ( cont 'd ) I think I will keep this . he finally meet Liz 's gaze . she cross to he and take he by the arm . she walk off with hellboy and abe , cling tightly to the big , red daemon . manning Liz -- not you , too !? ( to Johann ) they can not do this . stop they , Johann - Johann man , you be a asshole . 166 ext . coastline - day 166 mile down the road , abe stand on a promontory , stare off at the ocean , which blaze with golden reflection . Liz and hb sit next to each other on some mossy rock . overhead : blue sky , puffy white cloud . bellboy 2 113 liz what you say before - about we live anywhere - hellboy I mean it ! ` course , I be think USA ... but , hey - you decide . liz ( breathe deep ) let 's find a place in the country . clean air - green hill - fresh milk from the farm . hellboy milk ? yech . liz a yard ... with lot of room to grow in . hellboy ( he look blank ) grow ? who gonna grow - ? liz we baby , that 's who ! hellboy we b - ? on hellboy 's immense grin : freeze frame . Roll credit . at the end of the credit - post credit sequence 167 ext . antartica - day 5 zinco enterprise helicopter land on the hard , icy surface of amundsen 's glacier . a row of guard in black garb flank each helicopter . out of one of they exit roderick zinco , billionare , madman . he carry a mechanize container , a little larger than a hat box . camera follow as he enter through a crevace and .. 168 int . nazi lab , antartica - day Light shine through the ice wall and into row and row of machinery .