henry fool written by hal hartley shoot draft ext . junk yard -- day a garbage truck roar by and ... Simon grim hang from the back of it . he be a shy , skinny and terrify - look guy around thirty year old . the truck rumble to a halt and Simon climb down off it to go punch out at the time clock . ext . behind the world of donut -- day moment later . he come walk up a small alley and sit to drink he beer . he begin to relax . this be he quality private time . then he hear something and look up . he peek up over the edge of some junked kitchen appliance and see ... two teenage kid -- Warren and Amy -- smoking crack and have sex . Simon look on , intrigue , as Warren smoke , then ... warren ( to Amy ) you want some ? Amy take the pipe and smoke as he feel she up . Simon be fascinate . he drink and look on as ... Amy grin up foolishly at Warren and lower the pipe . the boy undoe he belt and hike up the girl 's skirt . Simon can not believe this . he look around to see if the coast be clear , then return just in time to see ... Warren take Amy by the waist and enter she . the pipe fall from the young girl 's hand . Warren throw he head back and grind himself into she . Simon 's mouth fall open in awe . but Amy toss she head back to the side and see ... the amaze garbage man ; catch . Amy start scream insanely . Simon run for he life . Amy and Warren throw rock and bottle at he as they chase he away . int . the grim house -- day moment later . Simon run up and throw open the screen door . he stand there in the doorway catch he breath . his sister , fay , be at the kitchen table watch a small portable tv while they mother , Mary , sit a few foot away in the live - room watch another tv tune to a different channel . fay ( to Simon ) where the hell have you be ? ( to Mary ) Mom , come on and eat . mary I be not hungry . fay ( piss ) then why would I cook ! Mary be a manic-depressive , still in she bathrobe at six in the evening . mary I do not know why you cook ! I do not know why you bother ! fay hold she head in she hand and sigh . she glare at she brother . fay sit down and eat , Simon . Simon sit at the table and fay slam down before he a bowl of some sort of gruel . he hesitates , then lift he spoon . Supper be horrible and he screw up he face in disgust . fay give he a sideways glance and he lean back down over the bowl and eat some more . push the bowl away gently , he reach out for the container of milk on the table and drink straight from it . he suddenly jump back and spit out sour milk all over the table . the container drop to the floor and thick glob of cheese roll out . he stand back against the fridge , hold he stomach while ... fay and Mary look on in disgust . ext . the grim house -- day moment later . Simon cross the lawn and sit on the curb outside he house . he stare at the ground before he as he hold he stomach and spit , sicken . he look up , though , and see ... a little seven - year- old girl -- Pearl age seven -- stand there in the street watch he . Simon try to smile at she . but she throw a rock at he and hit he in the head . he fall forward , hurt , as the little girl run away . lower he hand , he see he 's bleed . desperate , lonely and ill , he drag he bloody finger across the coarse pavement . fay slam out of the side door of the house in a tight - fitting dress and stand on the lawn , apply lipstick . fay God , I wanna get fuck . fay snap shut she compact , straighten she skirt and sigh . fay you ok ? Simon lose track of what he be hearing and relax . he look back at he sister . fay fluff out she hair and walk off . fay see ya later . Simon watch she go , but be still draw to something he seem to hear up the street in the other direction . he cock he head , sit perfectly still and listen . he hear it now . we do , too . footstep . Big one . like a giant somewhere in the distance . the neighborhood tremble . titles begin . Simon try to figure out where it 's come from ; the sky , the house , the highway at the end of he block ... finally , he focus on ... the blacktop right before he , smear with he own blood . Music start . he kneel out slowly into the street and stare at the pavement . he stretch out he hand and place it flat on the road . the pound be louder now , become the beat of the music over the scene . Simon lower he face to the pavement , close he eye and ... put he ear right down against the road . he hear ... the steady tread of somebody very much larger than life . kneel forward , with he ear to the ground , Simon open he eye and see ... a man approach . the music swell up full . Simon lift he head slowly from the road , look off in wonder at ... this stranger come towards he ; a oddly handsome freak stride over the crest of the distant intersection with a windswept mane , two over - stuff suitcase and a crumpled tie flutter back over he broad but crooked shoulder . Simon rise till he 's kneel up straight in the road . Henry fool finally reach he and stop . titles finish . Simon say nothing and watch as Henry look off at the house . satisfied , but wary , Henry fool look around the neighborhood and then down at Simon . henry get up off you knee . he toss the suitcase down in front of Simon and walk off towards he new home . ext . back of the grim house -- day Henry come around behind the house and find the door to he basement apartment . he approach . Simon follow , carry the suitcase . int . henry's apartment -- day moment later . the door be wrench open and Henry be hit square in the jaw by a decade of dank airless gloom . he cough . enter , he find a few old wooden chair littering the main room . he inspect the old wood stove , then take a chair and smashes it . he toss the wood in the stove . Simon look on , amaze . Henry light a fire with unusually quick result , then stand back and look at Simon . henry where you gotta go to get a six - pack of beer around here ? int . world of donut -- day this be a convenience store with a number of table at which to eat donut . Warren be shoplift while Amy terrorize gnoc Deng , the vietnamese cashier , who stare out at they from behind the safety of the counter . amy say something . warren ( call ) she 's mute . amy what ? warren she do not -- you know -- talk . Amy look back at gnoc , snarl , then follow the cashier 's gaze to the door . Simon enter . clutch Henry 's cash , he stop dead in he track when he see ... Warren and Amy . he step forward and approach the beer cooler . Warren and Amy hover around , just out of reach , like a couple of vampire . dragging a six - pack out of the cooler , Simon cross to the counter . Warren and Amy hang back , silent and threaten . gnoc ring up the purchase and glance over at ... Amy , stare a hole into the side of Simon 's skull . gnoc hand Simon back he change and he make for the door , but ... Warren shove himself between it and Simon . Simon freeze . Warren be expressionless . Simon look back at Amy . she turn away , reach up under she skirt , jerk down she panty , then lean forward on to the counter . leer back over she shoulder , she hiss ... amy kiss my ass . Simon be nonpluss . gnoc press a button on the wall that set ... a red light flash above the stockroom door . Warren grab Simon by the neck and drag he over to Amy 's bare behind . Amy laugh as Simon be force to he knee and have he face shove up right into the crack of she ass . but then ... Simon throw up all over she . Warren fall back in disgust . gnoc cover she face with she hand . Amy look around at herself , realize , and start scream bloody murder . Simon fall back on to the floor , clutching he stomach , as Amy stagger around with she vomit-strewn underwear down around she ankle . then gnoc 's father , Mr Deng , appear at the stockroom door hold a shovel and ready to fight . warren ( scared ) oh , shit ! Mr Deng come run at they and Warren drag Amy from the store . Simon crawl out of the way as the old man throw open the door to the parking lot and scream at the retreate delinquent ... mr deng ( in vietnamese ) stay the hell out of my store , you good - for-nothing punk ! have scared they off , he come back in and start scream at Simon . mr deng look at this ! what 's go on here ? Simon , get up off the floor ! be this beer pay for ? int . henry's apartment -- night later . Simon splashes water over he face at the kitchen sink , then watch as Henry unpack one of he suitcase . it be fill with dozen of old , wear notebook . Henry stack they on the mantelpiece over the fireplace ; the fire be now crackle and bright . Simon step over and look at ... the name tag on the other suitcase : ' Henry fool ' . henry ( off-screen ) Centuries ago it have a 'e ' at the end . Simon look over and see ... Henry 's silhouette against the fire . he step forward into the light and grab a beer from the six - pack on the floor . he hand one to Simon . Simon take it and stare at it a moment before raise he eye to Henry . simon where do you come from ? henry nowhere in particular . he wink at Simon , then strut around the room , hugely impressed with himself . henry I go where I will and I do what I must . ( stop , drink ) that 's why I be in trouble . I be sort have what you might call ... ' in exile ' . simon why be you in trouble ? henry ( stop ) a honest man be always in trouble , Simon . remember that . Simon come away from the fire , watch he carefully . Henry stand in a dim corner across the room . simon how do you know my name ? Henry pause , look aside , drink , then grin demoniacally . he step forward and come face to face with Simon . he lift he finger and point to ... Simon 's name stitched upon the breast of he work shirt . realizing this , Simon move off and think . Henry throw more wood on the fire , glance back over he shoulder , laugh mischievously . simon ( stop he ) I be not retarded . henry ( pause ) well ... I will take you word for that . simon ( explain ) people . I mean . they think . you know . because . he try to articulate what he think he feel but wind up gesticulate curiously with he hand . this finally dissolves into a dumb stare into empty space . henry I see . Simon look at he . Henry stand and grab a notebook from off the mantelpiece . he tear out a few page and shove they in he pocket . he hand the now fresh write tablet to Simon . henry here . take this . and ... he search he pocket and find a pencil . henry ... this . keep they with you at all time . you ever feel like you get something to say and you can not get it out , stop and write it down . ok ? Simon hesitates , then accept the gift . Henry go for another beer while he new friend study the dozen of notebook on the mantelpiece . simon what be this ? henry ( proudly , return ) this ? this be my life 's work . my memoir . my ' confession ' . simon ( carefully ) what have you do ? Henry drink and look down into the raging fire . henry ( wistfully ) I have be bad . repeatedly . ( shrug and step away ) but why brag ? the detail of my exploit be only a pretext for a far more expansive consideration of general truth . ( contemplate the notebook ) what be this ? it 's a philosophy . a poetics . a politics , if you will . a literature of protest . a novel of idea . a pornographic magazine of truly comic-book proportion . it be , in the end , whatever the hell I want it to be . and when I be through with it , it 's gunna blow a hole this wide straight through the world 's own idea of itself ! he smoke . Simon be impressed . they hear a bottle smash outside in the street and Henry go to the window . they be throw bottle at the house . henry ( throw down he cigarette ) come on , let 's go break they arm ! Simon jump up . simon no ! Henry stop . Simon look away and sit back down . simon ( pause ) if I be quiet . he be ashamed of himself . Henry see this and settles down . he consider he new friend with genuine care as he get himself a new cigarette . he light up , think , then grab another chair and sit close by Simon . they sit there in silence a while , then ... henry once . I forget where I be . Central America maybe . somewhere hot . stupid job . bad pay . dangerous location and water so foul the native would not even piss in it . this crowd of drunken motherfucker hire by the local drug cartel show up at my hotel room and threaten to tear I limb from limb . and I say , listen , hombre , ok , you have get I outnumber four to one and you be gunna kill I here tonight and not a soul in this dimly light world be ever gunna notice I be go . Fine . but one of you ... one of you ... one of you be gunna have he eye tear out . period . silence . I repeat myself . one of you poor , underpaid jerk be gunna have a eye rip out of its socket . I promise . it 's a small thing , perhaps , all thing consider . but I will succeed . because it 's the only thing I have leave to do in this world . so why do not you just take a good look at one another one last time and think it over for a few minute more . ( smoke , wait ) they sober up a little , look at they shoe in confusion , then step out into the hall to talk among themselves . Henry stare into the flame and fall silent . Simon be rivete . he lean forward , on the edge of he seat ... simon what happen ? henry ( winking ) well , here I be , still , after all . int . the grim house . upstair -- night later that night . Simon climb the stair and stop when he hear raunchy sex from he sister 's room . he stand outside she door and listen . mary ( off ) do you throw up all over some girl ? Simon look up the hall and see he mother in she room , sit on the edge of she bed , smoking . he approach and stand in she doorway . mary they be throw bottle at the house . Simon say nothing . he look down at he foot . mary ( gesture to fay 's room ) she 's get some ex - con in there she meet at the bar . tattoos all over himself and a big red bloat nose . simon do you take you pill ? now she say nothing . she smoke and look away . Simon step into the bathroom and get she medication . he run a glass of water and bring it in to she . she swallow the pill and wash they back with water . simon you want I to tell she to be quiet ? she look away , unconcern and cynical . mary what 's the use ? she might as well get it while she can . she 's not always gunna have the ass she have now , you know . that 's just how life be . she throw the blanket over herself and turn off the light . Simon stand there in the dark . int . the grim house kitchen -- night moment later . Simon come downstairs into the quiet , dark kitchen and sit at the table . he listen to the traffic on the highway and stare off into space . finally , he take the notebook Henry give he from he pocket and place it before he . but then he just gaze off into the dim live - room and scratch he head . returning he attention to the notebook , he dig down into he pocket and retrieve he short stub of pencil . he open the notebook and carefully flatten back the cover . lift the pencil , he pause and stare at the blank page . then , after more intense hesitation , he bring the pencil 's dull tip to the very top leave edge of the page and begin write in a slow , laborious hand . int . the grim house kitchen -- day the next morning . Henry barge in the kitchen door with two container of coffee and some jelly donut . Simon jump up from where he sit asleep over he notebook at the table . henry good morning , Simon ! glorious day , huh ? here , have a donut . can you lend I twenty dollar ? Simon rub the sleep from he eye , blink , disorient and reach for he wallet . henry thanks . where 's the library in the scruffy little burgh ? simon ( hand he cash ) down the highway about a mile and a half and then make a leave . henry excellent ! I be polish up the final chapter of my ' confession ' and I need a reasonably well - stock reference section . he lift up Simon 's notebook . henry what 's this ? Simon hesitates , shyly . simon I think . um. I be . I want to . maybe . he give up , sigh and gaze at the floor . Henry flip through the book , impressed . it be full from cover to cover , every page dense with Simon 's cryptic scrawl . Henry frown , intrigue . then ... henry can I take this ? Simon look up , terrify . but he friend put he at ease . henry I will correct the spelling . ext . junk yard -- day later that day . Simon find a number of volume of the classic while crush garbage . ext . behind world of donut -- day that evening . Simon sit with he evening beer and he new collection of soile classic . he crack open a volume of Shakespeare and try to read . it 's a obvious struggle . he put it aside and lift up wordsworth , study its cover and the texture of the page . a page flutter away and he climb down to the edge of a greasy puddle to retrieve it . it 's now wet and tear , so he flatten it out on the concrete and try to fit it back into the book . he read a little , furrowing he brow , then drink . he bite he lip and try again . he sit back , exhaust and think . he hear a twig snap and look back over he shoulder to see ... Amy throw a bottle at he head . smash !!!! he fall to the ground , blood stream down he neck . Warren run over and grab he by the shirt , lift he out of the puddle and smack he in the head . Amy run forward and wait with a roll - up newspaper which she set aflame with she lighter . Warren punch Simon in the stomach and throw he to the ground , then unzip he fly and piss on he . Amy watch , giggle excitedly , wave the flame torch . Simon crawl away and grab hold of a old section of fence , while Warren zip up and grab the fire from Amy . Simon pull himself to he knee , rest he face against the rusted fence and gasp for breath . Warren wave the flame torch in he face . simon ( weakly , unheard ) one of you be gunna lose a eye . Amy come nearer with a can of gasoline . Simon pull himself to he foot as she splashes he with fuel . Warren be wave the torch deliriously above he head . simon ( scream ) one of you be gunna lose a eye ! Warren stop . Amy step back and lower the gas can . Simon turn with effort to face they , adjust he glass and continue ... simon one of you . I promise . Warren watch he blankly , then be burn by the torch which be too hot to handle . he drop it . Amy giggle , then stop , excited , but confuse . Simon grip the rusted chainlink so that it cut into he hand and stare straight at Warren . simon you can set I on fire . but one of you be gunna have a eye tear out of you head . I promise . Warren be transfix . he shiver and look at Amy , who step back , scared , and put down the gas can . she turn and walk away . Warren look back at Simon , troubled . he hang there still , glaring at he . further away , Warren rejoin Amy and stare at he hand . Amy look ill . warren fuck . amy take I home . int . world of donut -- day Henry be at one of the table , correct the spelling in Simon 's notebook , when he look up and see ... Simon stumble in , beat and bruise , drop he classic to the floor . Henry and Mr Deng rush over to he . henry ( scared ) Simon ! who do this to you ? simon I be gunna tear out they eye . I know I could do it . henry whose eye ? simon I tell they . like you say . I tell they . and I know I could do it . he pass out . Henry look at Mr Deng . mr deng you should take he home . he smell like a toilet . Henry nod , agree , then lift Simon off the floor . Mr Deng hold the door open as Henry carry he friend out into the parking lot . meanwhile , gnoc gather up the classic from the floor and place they beside Simon 's notebook , where it still sit open on the table . she look at it , then read . she lift it off the table and read further , immediately and deeply engross . Mr Deng watch as Henry depart with Simon , then come back into the store and stop , startle , when he see ... gnoc sit there , stare off into space , the notebook open in she hand before she , sing quietly . int . the grim house -- day twenty minute later . fay be in the bathroom help Simon out of he clothes , try to clean he wound . fay ( call ) shit , Mom , we gotta get he to a hospital ! simon no ! fay oh , shut up ! turn around . Henry be at the kitchen table with Mary . she watch he suspiciously . he let she . mary this kinda thing have happen before . henry ( stand ) it will not happen again . she watch he as he walk around the room , browsing . mary how do you know ? he stop and lift a small frame photo of a soldier off the piano . henry this you husband ? violate somehow , she get up and snatch it out of he hand . she put it in a drawer and cringe as Henry play one note on the piano . mary stop that . he fix she with a steady , know stare which cause she to gather the collar of she bathrobe up around she neck . she step back , expose , when there 's a knock at the door . they look over to see ... Mr Deng enter with the notebook . mr deng ( nod to Mary , then ) Mr fool , what be this ? henry it 's poetry . mr deng be you sure ? Henry come over , take the notebook from he and shove it in he pocket . henry of course I be sure . I correct the spelling myself . mr deng it make my daughter sing . henry yeah , well , you know -- that 's what poetry do . mr deng but she have never speak in she life . meanwhile , back in the bathroom ... simon owww !!! fay keep still ! simon let I do it ! fay ( feed up ) Fine ! you do it , Simon ! I do not care ! she storm out to the top of the stair , cock she hip and whine ... fay Mom ! Simon 's get a break rib , he shoulder 's dislocate or something , and he will not let I disinfect the gash in he head ! mary fay , just take he to the hospital , will ya ! fay ( stamp she foot ) but he will not go ! mary ( scream ) Simon grim , you go to the hospital with fay right now , do hear I ! Simon reach out and slam the bathroom door . fay look from the bathroom door down the stair to Mary . Mary , she nerve rattle , glance over at Mr Deng , who turn and leave the house . Henry light a fresh cigarette , loosen he tie and head upstairs . int . the grim house bathroom -- day a moment later . Henry throw open the door and enter . he step over Simon , who be on the floor , fold up against the toilet . henry we gotta talk . Henry sit on the edge of the bathtub and take the notebook from he pocket . henry what the hell be you try to do when you write this thing ? Simon just look at he , not certain what he mean . simon nothing . henry well , you know you write it in a kind of iambic pentameter . simon iambic what ? henry verse . he scratch he chin and smoke . henry look , in my opinion , this be pretty powerful stuff . though you spelling be neanderthal , and you reason a little naive , you instinct be profound . but the whole thing need to be give a more cohesive shape . it can be expand . follow through . unified . ( smoke , then ) you see what I be get at ? Simon just stare at he , overwhelm . Henry drop the notebook on the floor and point at it with he cigarette . henry be you willing to commit yourself to this ? to really work on it ? to give it its due ? in the face of adversity and discouragement ? to rise to the challenge you yourself have set ? Simon just blink , look away and wonder . henry and do not gimme that wonderstruck ' I be - only - a-humble - garbage - man ' bullshit , either . simon it hurt to breathe . henry ( nodd ) of course it do . Simon cough and Henry lean back and smoke . int . the grim house upstair -- night a hour later . fay cringe outside Simon 's room as Henry go about set she brother 's arm . simon like this ? henry yeah . no. ok ? simon wait ! henry do not move ! fuck . there . simon be you sure that 's right ? henry yes . now shut up and lie back . Simon do . simon be this gunna hurt ? henry yes . he pause , then lean back . henry you gunna be alright ? Simon nod and stare at the ceiling . Henry hand he a towel . henry here . bite on this . simon ( spot blood on it ) what 's that ? henry ( look ) it 's blood . from you head . lie back . shove that in you mouth and hold on to something . Simon bite down on the towel and grip the edge of the bed with he free hand . Henry sit on he leg and gently raise the break arm . outside the door , fay bite she knuckle . further down the hall , Mary listen from she bedroom . henry okay . you ready ? Simon nod . Henry grab hold of the arm , swallow and brace himself . Simon wait , then Henry tug the arm straight . simon aaagghhh !!!!!!! fay turn and run down the stair . Mary back away into she room and shut the door . int . the grim house kitchen -- night later that night . Henry come downstairs and stop , tired . fay be sit at the table with a bottle of gin and two glass . she have dolled herself up a little and Henry like what he see . he look she over and she smile . he sit . she pour . they drink . fay so , do you have , like , you know , a girlfriend , Henry ? henry no . they drink again in silence . he light she cigarette and they watch each other closely . finally , fay lean on the table and twirl a strand of she hair between she finger . fay do you find I attractive ? henry yes , I do . fay I look young for my age , do not I ? henry how old be you ? fay how old do you think I be ? henry you look young . fay ( playfully ) how young ? henry I do not know . Young . fay but how ... I mean , do I look more like twenty , or ... you know , thirty ? he drink and study she . she present she profile . finally , he lean back . henry thirty . fay jump up , furious . fay listen , you geek , after a couple of drink plenty of people mistake I for eighteen ! she grab she bag and storm out of the house . Henry watch she go , then chuckle deviously and splashes himself another drink . ext . world of donut -- day next morning . a thirty - year- old cocktail waitress name vicky walk up and stop when she see ... Warren , sit back against the side of World of donut , smoking a joint and think about he future . she sigh and approach . vicky hey , Warren , be you a register voter ? warren bug off , vicky ! unruffle , she hand he a flyer . warren ( read ) ' save America from itself . ' what the fuck be this ? vicky it 's everything you need to know about the upcoming election and congressman Owen feer and all the really good thing he want to do for we country . he toke deeply , then ... warren oh yeah , like what ? vicky he want to win back this country for we Americans , Warren , and restore some kind of cultural - moral standard to we way of life . Warren look over the flyer , then reconsider vicky . warren what time 's you kid go off to school ? vicky ( carefully ) nine o'clock . warren how about I come over and visit you later ? vicky sigh , troubled . she adjust she waitress uniform and look mildly offended . vicky well , I do not know , Warren . I mean ... Warren get up , too . warren come on . I mean it . I be try to change . vicky be hard - press . she want to believe he , but know better . she think about it while ... Henry pass by and approach the store . int . world of donut -- day same time . Henry enter and take Simon 's notebook from he pocket . he flip through a few page and select one in particular . he tear it out of the book and tape it up beside the register so customer can read it . he wink at gnoc . she smile shyly and make he a coffee . he take it and move off to a table just as ... vicky enter . she start accumulate grocery , place they on the counter one item at a time . Henry settles down and watch as ... vicky return to the counter with a bottle of orange juice and notice the poem . she read , hold the orange juice out to she side . gnoc start to ring up the other purchase as she father come up behind she , busy himself with a inventory of the cigarettes . vicky 's lip start to tremble as she read , a horrify expression clouding she face . finally ... smash !!!! she drop the bottle of orange juice and stand back . Mr Deng and gnoc jump back , alarmed . Henry tilt he head and pay close attention . vicky ( scream at Mr Deng ) how dare you put something like this up where anyone can see it ! Mr Deng look from she to the poem and then over at Henry . Henry urge the man to stand up for himself . mr deng ( to vicky ) it 's poetry . vicky it 's pornography ! the product of a disease mind ! you oughta be ashamed of yourself , Mr Deng ! mr deng it make gnoc sing . vicky ( pause , confuse ) it 's disgusting ! there oughta be a law or something ! she grab she thing and leave . Mr Deng hold he head and look over at Henry . henry ( winking ) there 's no accounting for taste , be there , Mr Deng ? Mr Deng have no idea . he sit , worried , as gnoc come out from behind the counter and begin mop up the mess . int . the grim house kitchen - day later . Henry be at the kitchen table with Simon , work on the poem . Simon be bandage up , he arm in a sling , black eye , etc . henry see , Simon , there be three kind of there . there 's ' there '. t-h-e-r-e . there be the donut . then there 's t- h-e-i-r ; which be the possessive . it be they donut . then , finally , there 's ' they be ' . t-h-e-y -'-r-e . a contraction , meaning they be . they be the donut people . get it ? simon uh-huh . Henry lift up one of Simon 's newly acquire classic ... henry and look , if you be gunna read wordsworth you have gotta get a more up - to- date edition . this odoriferous tome you be so attach to do not even have all fourteen book of the prelude . and you need note . commentary . I will go to the library and find you the best edition they have . simon thank you , but that 's ok . I will stop there on my way back from work . well , yes , maybe not today , but , you know , tomorrow , probably . henry quit . simon my job ? henry yeah . simon why ? henry you need time to write , Simon . to study . to reflect . simon but I like my job . henry we all have to make sacrifice . a vocation like ours , Simon , be not a nine to five thing . you can not put a fence around a man 's soul . we think and feel where and when we can think and feel . we be the servant of we muse and we toil where she command . Simon look past he and Henry follow he gaze to find ... Mary stand at the foot of the stair , listen to they . she say nothing . she look Henry up and down , then shake she head disdainfully and grunt . she throw herself on the couch and turn on the tv , casting acid glance over at the kitchen . ext . the grim house - day moment later . Henry and Simon come outside ... simon she 's clinically depressed . henry yeah , and what 's that mean ? simon ( think , then ) I guess it mean it 's not she fault . Henry wander out to the road , check he wallet , then ... henry ( sighing ) you ever think of leave ? simon here ? henry yeah . simon to go where ? henry out there . you know , into the world . where ever . Simon look off , think it over and slowly nod . simon yeah , I guess . henry ( recite ) ' opportunity will step away and make room for a man to pass it by . ' simon be that from you book ? henry no . I find it in a fortune cookie . he pull the tiny piece of crumpled advice out from one of he pocket and show it to Simon . simon can I read you confession ? henry no . not yet . soon . we will see . simon be it almost finish ? henry ( puffing himself up ) well , you know , Simon , a piece of work like this , it 's ... a vocation like ours ... you can not put a fence around a man 's soul . what I be try to achieve , it 's ... well , it take a lifetime really . it 's a life 's work . ( look around ) but soon . do not worry . I would appreciate you feedback . I gotta go . see ya . he hurry away around the corner . Simon walk back to the house and stop when he see ... a plain-clothes policeman , Officer Buñuel , drive up and park before the house . Simon spy as the man get out of he car and knock on Henry 's door . he , of course , get no answer . int . the grim house kitchen -- day later that day . Simon work on he poem at the kitchen table while fay flip through a magazine and watch tv . Mary , lie on the couch in she bathrobe , watch she own tv . the cacophony be augment by the rattling dishwasher and the truck rumbling by on the highway outside . Mary look over at she son , suspicious , and lean off the couch . mary what be you do there , Simon ? he carefully finish write a word , then look up and pause . simon I be write a poem . Mary look at fay , who look up from she magazine and consider she brother . then they break out laugh . Simon look on . they laugh and laugh and laugh ... int . world of donut -- day later . Simon be bent over he notebook , consulting a dictionary , hard at work . Amy and three kid be group around the register , read the page Henry tape up earlier . as they read , Amy glance anxiously back at Simon . they finish read and stand back . PAT so what ? it be not so great . CHRIS ( to Amy , of Simon ) that he ? Amy nod ' yes ' , then lead they towards Simon . Simon scribbles away . amy ( off ) pardon I , Simon . he look up , see she , panic and slide away on the seat . Amy look down and bite she lip , contrite . she sigh . amy uhm. look , ah ... I be the editor of the high school newspaper now and ... PAT one of the editor . amy one of the editor , and we ... PAT you . amy I ... want to know if we could print you poem in this month 's issue . Simon look around at they all , threaten . simon why ? amy because I think it 's great . PAT I do not . CHRIS ( to Pat ) who care what you think ? ted you be a drag . CHRIS a well - know drag . amy ( to Simon ) please ? Simon fumble with he pencil , ill at ease and self - conscious . then , to get rid of they , he nod he consent . int . the grim house -- day that evening . fay come downstairs in only a towel and wet hair . she switch on the tv and look for cigarettes . she find Mary 's pill on the table and remember to ask ... fay ma , you take you medication ? Mary be lie on the couch . she drag she eye from the tv and glance lazily at fay , then back to the tv . fay ( to herself ) guess so . she sit at the kitchen table and lift she magazine . Henry show up at the kitchen door with a pile of library book . his eye brighten when he see ... fay sit there wear only she towel . he knock . she look back over she shoulder and see he . henry even , fay . fay ( disdainfully ) what do you want ? henry I have get this book for Simon . she turn away . fay well , leave them there on the counter , then . he come in and stack the book near the sink . fay pretend to ignore he , but rake she finger through she wet hair anyway , to show more shoulder . this be not lose on Henry , who tarry and lean back against the counter , salivate . fay flip through she magazine and Henry step closer and lean against the fridge . she cast a bored glance in he direction , then return she attention to the tv . she sense he step aside and follow he movement without turn . suddenly he hand appear from behind she and gently stroke she hair . she freeze , wait , wonder ... he lean he face down beside she . she look at he . he look at she , then down to ... her bare leg cross before she on the kitchen chair . his hand move down and slide itself deep in between she thing . her mouth drop open . he look back up at she . he grin . fay jump up and away , breathlessly clutching the towel around herself . Henry cast a glance over she body , throw he hair back out of he face and shiver with lust . fay step back and grab hold of the staircase banister , make a unconvincing gesture of injure pride . Henry come closer and she step backwards up the stair . he stop , loosen he tie , hold she with he gaze . she readjust she towel , throw back she wet hair , sigh defiantly , then sashays into she room , leave the door ajar . Henry wait there at the foot of the stair , reach down , grab he crotch and reposition he hard - on . he take a step up the stair , then stop . he look over to the couch and see ... Mary , lie there , sedately amaze . he pause , then grin . Mary blink and smile sleepily . int . world of donut -- day same time . Simon sit back from he write and rub he neck . put down he pencil , he look up and see ... Warren enter the store and grab a beer from the cooler . see Simon , he wave and approach . warren hey , Simon , you a register voter ? Simon hesitates , but then nod uncertainly . Warren hand he a flyer . this year when you go to the poll , I want you to consider Congressman Owen feer . he want to restore America to its position of unmatch wealth , power and opportunity ; to revitalize american civilization and lead the human race to even great level of freedom , prosperity and security ! he 's a good man . he step over to the register and pay for he beer . Mr Deng glare at he , distrustfully . Warren stop on he way out and snarl at the old man ... warren immigrant . he leave . Simon look down and study the flyer . int . the grim house . upstair -- day same time . fay lie across she bed in she towel , hold a pose and glance anxiously back at the door . finally , lose she patience , she get up . fay where be he ? she open the door and look out into the hall . he 's not there . she step out into the hall and listen . fay Henry ? nothing . she come to the top of the stair and hear faint activity from down below . she proceed downstairs . she see no one in the kitchen , then look in the live - room and stop . she go white , she mouth fall open in horror . Henry and Mary be screwing one another on the couch . sloppy , impassion , brute sex . fay ( scream ) mommy !!!!! they fall away from each other in terror and fatigue . Mary clutches wildly at she bathrobe as Henry fall over the coffee table , stumble to he foot and pull up he trousers . fay be crush . she break out in tear and run upstairs . Henry catch he breath and start after she , but stop , uncertain and confuse . mary you bastard ! henry what ? mary get out ! int . world of donut -- day Simon be asleep with he head down on the table . he wake finally and see ... Henry sit across from he , grip a beer and read the poem . he finish , shut the book and drink . henry listen . I know a man . he 's a big shot in the publishing business . angus James . smart , adventurous and ton of integrity . when this thing be ready , I will recommend he read it . he will respect my opinion . Simon take this in , then look down at he hand and proceed carefully . simon a man be here today look for you . henry ( alert ) what man ? simon I do not know . he drive by the house a few time . Henry throw he eye heavenward and pull he hair . jumping to he foot , he pace maniacally . henry why do they torment I like this ? why ? they be like a bunch of fuck mosquito ! a customer a few table away get nervous and leave . simon what do they want from you ? henry they want to suffocate I , Simon ! they wanna extinguish I like a flame ! some kid name Tim , sit at another table , turn around and ask ... tim but why ? henry they be afraid , that 's why ! they be afraid of what I might do ! what I might say ! think ! they be afraid of my idea ! he drink , then return and sit beside Simon . henry you and I be alike in this way , Simon . simon yeah ? henry we be outsider . we think and feel too much and too deeply . and the world can not handle that . we mere existence be a threat to its illusion of security . sure , they will name a wing of a new library after we when we be dead ! but now ... now , when we be alive ... now , they wanna burn we at the stake ! he drink , burp , then slam down the can . he glance over at Tim who be still look on . henry scram . Tim hesitates , but then obey . he get up and leave . Henry return to Simon . henry for example , I make love to you mother about half a hour ago and now I be beginning to think that maybe it be not such a good idea . Simon blink . Henry add ... henry I mean to say , I think fay may be jealous . Simon be deeply confuse . he look ill . he stand and take a few step away , stare at the floor . simon I do not want to think about this . henry bad move , Simon . Simon stop and look at he . henry ( point at he ) a poet have get to be able to think about anything . Simon pause , then come closer to Henry and stop . simon be I really a poet ? Henry jump up , stride around the store and speak at the top of he voice . henry of course you be ! a great poet ! but you need experience . you need to do something to be ashamed of every once in a while , for cryin ' out loud . he walk to the door . henry come on ! let 's go out ! there 's a de of iniquity right across the street ! you get any money ? he stride out of the store . Simon stand there , stunne and look at Mr Deng as the old man wipe off the table with a wet rag . int . the inferno -- night later that night . Henry be dance wildly on the bar with two sloppy - drunk topless dancer . the place be rock and the crowd cheer they on . Simon sit perch on a stool , grip the bar with white knuckle and clutching a beer , look on in terror as ... Henry start stripping . int . the grim house -- night later that night . Simon stumble in and head upstairs . but he stop , see ... Mary , sit on the top step , smoking . she look guilty and tense . so do Simon . mary that man 's a bad influence . simon on who ? she get up and storm into she room . int . fay' room -- night moment later . Simon come upstairs and stop outside he bedroom door when he see ... fay , pass out drunk on she bed . her clothes be half off and she lipstick smear . she still grip a bottle of tequila in she hand . Simon hesitates , but then go in and remove she shoe . he get she out of she jacket and roll she into the bed . her bare limb have they effect on Simon and he find himself stare at she thigh . he reach out and almost caress she leg where she hike - up skirt reveal the bottom of she behind . he catch himself , snap he hand away and cover fay with a blanket . he flee . int . simon be room -- night moment later . Simon be alone in the room with he bed . the pale sheet beckon . he be flushed . he blink . int . the grim house kitchen -- night moment later . he creep down the stair with a arm-load of book . sitting at the table , he wrench a nearby lamp into a more useful position and begin to read . dissolve to : int . the grim house -- day the next morning . Henry stumble up the stoop carry a laptop computer , its various accessory and a couple of coffee . he let himself in and dump the computer on the kitchen counter . Simon be asleep on the couch , still in he clothes . henry ( shove he ) Simon . hey , Simon . ( Simon wake ) come on . I get ya some coffee . Henry trudge back to the kitchen , where he whip out he red pen and immediately begin to correct Simon 's poem . Simon roll off the couch and make he way to the table . see the computer ... simon what 's this ? henry it 's a computer . you write on it . he reach into he pocket . henry here 's the manual . Simon look over the computer and flip through the manual . simon where would you get it ? henry I steal it . now listen . remember how yesterday we discuss the relative desirability of cadence in relation to the readability of ... fay ( off ) oh , shit ! not you again ! fay be on the stair , hungover and disgust . Henry throw up he hand and get up to go . henry Simon , I can not work under this condition . fay yeah ! get outta here , you freak ! henry get a life ! fay eat shit and die , Henry ! Mary throw open she bedroom door . mary ( scream ) Beast ! fiend ! rapist ! fay oh , shut up , Mom ! fay stomp back upstairs . Mary slam she door shut . Simon run out after Henry . ext . world of donut -- day moment later . Simon follow Henry out into the street and over towards World of donut ... simon Henry , wait up ! henry I be not a rapist ! but Henry stop short , see ... Officer Buñuel enter World of donut . henry shit. come on , this way . and he run down the street in the opposite direction . Simon hang back , but then follow ... int . church -- day moment later . they scramble in and Henry be out of breath . he slump down into a pew . henry keep a look out . tell I when he 's go . Simon do , but then ... simon Henry , what 's go on ? who be that guy ? what 's he want ? henry he want to help I ! he want to be my friend . he pat he pocket , look for he smoke . Simon look on , baffle . he come closer . simon help you with what ? henry ( suddenly ) shhh ! he hear something , stand and move further into the church . Simon hesitates , but then follow . they hear someone cry . finally , in a pew off to one side in the shadow , they find ... a young priest name Father hawkes . he 's a wreck . he look up from he quiet sobbing and see ... Henry and Simon stand there look on with embarrassed distaste . he lower he head in shame . Henry move closer and sit beside the distraught priest . henry what 's wrong ? the priest sigh hopelessly . father hawke I doubt . Henry lean back with a sigh and reach for he cigarettes . henry so , you be a honest man . why beat yourself up about it ? he offer a cigarette to the priest and he accept . father hawke I do not know if there be grounds for faith . be my vocation relevant ? do it make a difference ? simon a difference in what ? father hawke the world . the way it be . be this a way to help relieve suffer ? henry you vocation make a difference . father hawke how can you be so sure ? henry because vocation be the difference . only someone who really care doubt . listen , father , as I be about to tell my friend Simon here , I be , without doubt , the biggest sinner within a hundred mile of this parish . but still , I have gotta stay up late at night to outdo the unending parade of mundane little atrocity I see commit every day right out in the open space of this loud and sunlit culture we call home . father hawke you seem to I to be a sensitive and generous man . henry I like to think so . but the fact be I appreciate depravity . nevertheless , I insist you vocation make a difference , because to hold out anything other than a spiritual yardstick to reality be to be jerk off grandly into the abyss . listen , have you get any money ? let 's go have a drink . ext . world of donut -- day Warren be stop people on they way in and out of World of donut . warren Excuse I , miss , be you a register voter ? miss oh God , really I do not know . warren well , I would like to give you some information about Congressman Owen feer . this man be gunna make a big difference in the life of every american in the year to come ... miss thanks , sure . I gotta go , thanks . a man , Bill , step up ... warren pardon I , sir ... bill fuck off ! warren right . Warren stand back and loosen he tie . he look over at Pearl age seven , who be sit outside the store . warren what time 's you mother get off work ? she do not respond . he shake he head and approach . he see fay exit the store ... warren fay , be you a register voter ? fay ( stop ) do not you dare talk that way to I ! and keep you hand off my brother . Pearl , what be you do here ? warren I be watchin ' she . fay figure it out and approach . fay you and vicky get back together ? warren I gotta regular job now and everything . she lift a flyer and read . fay I see this retard on tv this morning . warren he 's gunna be the next president of the United States of America , fay . fay keep dreamin ' Warren . the guy 's a Nazi . warren I like he ! fay gimme a light . warren ( lighting she cigarette ) he 's a decent man . he take complicated issue and totally simplify they . and I appreciate that . fay you still sell dope ? warren no . you know what the problem be with this country , fay ? me. I be the problem . we live in a culture of poverty and crime , where the work ethic be undermine and male responsibility be make irrelevant . she study he a moment more , lose , then shake she head and help the child off the car . fay come on , Pearl , let 's go play at my house . warren she give you any trouble , fay , you just let I know . int . the inferno -- day a hour later . Henry and Father hawkes be drink . Simon lean on the bar , nodd off to sleep . after a while , Father hawkes lean back and ... father hawke do you think human being be innately bad ? henry worse than bad ! monstrous ! but I love that about they . ( bang on the bar ) wake up , Simon ! Simon fall off he bar stool . ext . world of donut -- day moment later . Warren straighten he tie and look over to see ... Simon stagger up . Warren shake he head in dismay and approach . Simon steady himself against the wall of the building . warren Jesus Christ , Simon , you be let yourself go to hell ! you read that flyer I give you ? simon what ? warren Simon , wake up and smell the coffee , huh ! it 's up to guy like you and I to help create a better tomorrow ! Simon be lose . int . world of donut -- day moment later . he stagger into World of donut and head for the coffee machine , but stop when he see Buñuel talk to Mr Deng . Buñuel look over . they eye lock . ext . world of donut -- day same time . warren ( to vicky ) why would I steal a computer from the campaign office ? vicky I be not say you do , I be just say one be and since you do have this criminal background ... whack !!! he slap she ... warren ( point ) do not judge I ! Simon run out of the store and limp away towards home as Buñuel storm out in pursuit . Simon try to run , but Buñuel catch he easily . buñuel look , I know you know he . people have see you around together . Simon cease to struggle , but shake himself free and stand look down at he foot . Buñuel stand aside and watch he a moment , then reach in he jacket and bring out he badge . buñuel I be he parole officer . Simon study the badge and wait a little , before ask ... simon what do he do ? buñuel I be not suppose to talk about that stuff with people . simon he 's my . friend . Buñuel pause , then put away he badge and look around the parking lot . buñuel Mr Deng say you be some sort of a poet , or something . Simon do not corroborate this . he look away and readjust he sling . Buñuel scratch he head , satisfied and prepare to leave . but first ... buñuel you tell Henry to call I -- Officer Buñuel -- pronto ! or they be gunna chuck he ass straight back into jail ! get it ? Simon shrug . Buñuel wait a moment , then step away and get back in he car . Simon watch as the parole officer drive away and pass ... warren vicky , look I be sorry . vicky do not you even come near I ! int . the grim house kitchen -- day later . fay what do you mean , you quit ? simon I quit my job . fay why ! simon there be thing I want to do . fay like what ? Simon think of try to explain , but then decide not to . simon ' opportunity will step out of the way to let a man ... pass it by . ' fay be you drunk ? simon now you have to go out and get a job ! fay I be not gettin ' a job ! ( pace , then ) who 's gunna look after Mom ! simon I will . fay look at the ceiling and sigh . fay Pearl , go outside . they wait as the child go outside . Mary listen , unseen , from she bedroom door . fay come over and frown at she brother . she 's about to lecture he , but he cut she off . simon if you treat Mom like a sick person , she 's gunna stay like ... you know , a sick person . fay try to control herself . she sigh tiredly and attempt to reason with he ... fay Simon , do not be retarded ... simon ( bang the table ) I be not retarded ! fay step back , startle . Simon stand , but can not decide which way to go . he sit back down . simon I can see with my own eye . Mary turn away from she door and sit on she bed . fay lean over the stove , where a large pot of water be beginning to boil . fay Mom can not be leave alone with no one to keep a eye on she . Simon be frustrated and lash out . simon well , who 's be keep a eye on she while you have be out get fuck by every otb winner in town ? fay 's mouth fall open and she stagger back , hurt . Simon regret it already and stand to leave , scared . but fay grab the pot off the stove and hurl it at he , splash boil water all over he back . simon aggghhhh !!! outside , Pearl turn and look back at the house . Simon lie gasp on the floor of the kitchen . fay fall back against the stove , terrify and drop she head into she hand . int . the grim house bathroom -- day later . fay be crouch on the floor , sobbing , while Simon lie in a tub of cold water . Mary come in with a pathetic little freezer tray of ice cube and dump they into the tub . she step back into the hall and throw the ice tray down the stair . she glare back at fay , who cry even louder as Simon stare up at the ceiling . Mary shake she head and walk into she room , slamm the door behind she . fay ( sniffle ) what happen to she , Simon ? how do she get this way ? will it happen to I too ? huh ? why be we so fuck up ? Simon have no answer . but he reach out and touch he sister 's hand . int . library -- day even . Simon come limping in , all stiff because of he scald back . he 's not familiar with the library , so he stand look around , try to figure it out . int . library stack -- day moment later . he wander into a aisle , overwhelm by all the book . come to the far end of the aisle , he look off to he leave and see Henry sit on a small stool , read , with ten or twenty open volume scattered around he on the floor . simon ( approach ) Henry ? henry ( look up and rise ) Simon ! what be you do here ? simon Henry ... you parole officer , Officer Buñuel , come by again today . Henry sigh and sit back down . simon he tell I to tell you that if you do not call he they be gunna put you back in jail . henry Simon ... simon he give I this number ... henry Simon ... simon he be talk to Mr Deng too , and , well , you know , I be think ... henry Simon , just shut the fuck up ! Simon blink and look down at he foot , unable to respond . deeply hurt , he simply turn to walk away . but Henry reach out and grab he arm . Simon stop , pause and look back at he friend . henry forgive I . he let go and turn away on he stool . henry forgive I , Simon . Simon come back over to he . simon call he , Henry . please . Henry give in slowly to the inevitable . he sigh deeply and stand , hand Simon a book ... henry ok . look , do I a favor . you get a library card ? simon yeah . henry check this out for I . Simon look at the cover : paradise lose . henry milton . seventeenth century . English . you see , Simon , it 's important my ' confession ' dig up the past , comb previous evidence and help chart the historic -- even the aesthetic -- inevitability of my idea . and ... a young woman pass by , scan the stack . she and Henry have a split second of eye contact , then she turn and move away . Henry straighten he tie and watch she go . henry this place be crawl with chick , Simon . wander around . leer a little . cop a feel . impose yourself on them . see what happen . simon I make girl uncomfortable . henry bullshit ! you have get a rough hewn charm that set them on edge . now , listen , I gotta go . simon Henry ? Henry stop and turn . Simon pause , then ... simon what do you do ? Henry watch he for a moment , then swagger closer ... henry I get catch . Simon wait for more but be disappointed . with one final crack grin at he friend , Henry throw back he shoulder , slick back he hair and stride off . Simon watch he go and frown , not comfort . he flip through the page of paradise lose . simon ( voice over ) ' whereto with speedy word the arch - fiend reply fall cherub , to be weak be miserable ... ' int . library reading room -- day moment later . he come out from the stack , work he way through the first page of paradise lose . he nearly bump into a girl and they stop and look at one another . he try to hold she gaze for a moment , challenging himself , but then turn away and stalk to a table . he sit and lean over the page . after a moment , though , he lift he face and glance at ... another girl , sit further down the table . she look up from she read and return he gaze . he smile at she . she get up and leave . Simon frown , confound and return to he book . he take out he notebook and pencil , meaning to take note , but see instead ... a third girl sit at another table , listen to she walkman and type she homework into a laptop computer . he find himself stare at she and force himself back to he book . but he can not help himself and glance back over at she . with a sigh , he begin to write in he notebook ... simon ( voice - over ) why be it this beautiful girl make I sad ? do she know how beautiful she be ? do people tell she ? do she ever feel stupid ? he look back over at she . she happen to look up and they eye meet . she smile . horrify , he look down . simon why do not I smile when she look at I ? I look away . ashame of myself . he watch she again , think , then write ... simon her figure make I violent . I want to somehow break she . but tenderly . how be this possible ? ask Henry . he write a few moment more , scribbling across the page , then stop and look back over at the girl . simon ( voice - over ) I can not breathe . he tear out the page and fold it in half . then he get up and cross the room to where the girl be busily engage in she work . she look up , see he , and remove she headset with a pleasant smile . he place he note on the table before she , then turn and walk quickly away . the girl watch he go , confuse , then lift the note and read ... simon ( voice -over ) why do I do this to myself ? and why do I reduce you to only one possibility ? this be not even question anymore . I know the answer myself . this be not a page of note . it 's a letter . a letter to you . a desperate act . you be a miracle to I . I can not breathe . by now , Simon be go from the library . the girl finish read the letter and look around in astonishment . int . world of donut -- day even . Henry enter and sit with Buñuel . buñuel how be you , Henry ? henry ( frown ) peachy . gimme a light . buñuel have you find a job ? Henry just glare at he and smoke . buñuel how ' bout that alcoholics anonymous meeting , do you go over and visit they yet ? henry what happen to this assistant librarian position you be suppose to set I up with ? Buñuel look down , disappointed . buñuel I try , Henry . I really do . henry so what happen ? buñuel Henry , with you background ... well , I mean , with you record , they do not think it would be right to have you at the neighborhood library . henry why not ? buñuel they think you would be a bad influence on the kid . Henry sit back , offended . buñuel ( add ) or worse . henry so my word be not enough . my promise worthless . the fact I have serve my time nothing but the emblem of my continue guilt . buñuel apparently . Henry lean back and sigh , furious and indignant . int . the grim house -- night Simon come in , excited and preoccupy , and find fay work at the computer . fay what 's up ? simon ( guiltily ) nothing . fay I be create my résumé . this computer 's get a program especially for it . I buy some special stationery too . it 's scent . look . she shove a sheath of papers up under he nose and he back away in disgust . fay it 's rose . Simon take he notebook from a cabinet above the fridge . simon can you type my poem into that thing ? fay ( shocked ) that 's you poem ? simon yeah . fay ( smoke , then ) Simon , Mom 's right about you . a poem 's suppose to be a small , delicate kinda thing . kinda feminine . Gentle . look at this . you have make a fuckin ' telephone book . he place the notebook on the table and leave the house . fay clear the computer screen , pull the notebook closer and get down to work . int . henry's apartment -- night moment later . Simon arrive with a six - pack and find Henry sit in front of the fire , stare into the flame , brood darkly . henry I be catch . yes , I be catch ... once . I be catch in flagranti delicto screwing a thirteen - year- old girl name Susan . she be a ugly and mean-spirited kid , but she know how to play upon my weakness which , I admit , be deep and many . he drink , then look at Simon and add ... henry you appear shocked . simon ( he be ) sorry . Henry stand and lean over the fire . henry it be a pathetic little conspiracy . a transparently desperate attempt to discredit I and my idea ; to label I a mere pedophile . as if I would be ashamed of such a thing . as if socrate himself have not be take out of circulation for corrupt the youth of athen ! he come over and take a beer . he stride around the room , think , reflect . henry Seven year . Seven year for one afternoon of blissful transgression . but what of it ? who care ? prison 's not so bad ; particularly if one 's a sex offender , free from the popular and conventional horror of sodomy . stop , drink declare ... henry they be not ' lose year ' . he approach the notebook line up on the mantelpiece . henry I put they to good use . I begin my major work . my opus . he glance over at Simon , who sit grip he beer , watch , rapt . henry believe I , Simon , this incident with the girl , prison ... it pale to insignificance in the wider context of my career . he pause and swill back some beer . he brighten up , get excited ... henry nothing in comparison to the day my ' confession ' be unleash . ( beginning to pace ) what a orgy we will have then , huh ? what shout of outrage from the offended populace , from the sanctimonious purveyor of culture and quality , the righteous defender of what ever inane and haphazard notion of progress then in vogue . they will be beside themselves with fiercely reason critical analysis . apoplectic with indignation ! drink sloppily , burp , wipe he mouth with he arm . henry they feeling will be hurt . he smashes the bottle in the fireplace . henry yes , like a mirror which reflect only the inside of the person before it , my ' confession ' will lovingly render humanity 's common monstrosity in all of its lurid wide screen glory . he grab a new beer and twist off its cap . henry why should I blush or feel shame before the common lot of humanity , anyway , for a few banal and , again I admit , inelegant transgression ? he drink , sigh and sit back down . henry after all , really , I be do civilization a favor . Simon sit back in awe . he wait a moment and think . finally he stand and approach the ' confession ' . he reach out and drag he hand across the notebook . simon when can I read it ? Henry sit stare into the flame again . he pause , then ... henry soon. int . church -- day next day . Simon and Father hawkes be deep in conversation . father hawke we be tell not to judge . but to forgive . not to look into we neighbor 's eye to find the bad , but to find the good . ( pace ) now this be difficult . I admit. ( pause ) but have a good friend be not always easy . Simon listen and carefully consider all the priest say . simon yes , but ... do you think Henry be ... dangerous ? Father hawkes pause , then come closer and sit . father hawke he need help . we help . your especially . simon but what can I do ? father hawke the best part of himself come to the surface when he 's help someone learn . I have see this . let yourself be teach . show you appreciation for he guidance . in this way , you know , perhaps . well . there 's hope for everyone . even. even Henry . int . world of donut -- day fay come walk up through the parking lot with Simon 's notebook and a pile of type papers . she 's a wreck ; tear - stain face and a ball of tissue grip in she hand like a weapon . she throw open the door to the World of donut and look around . the place be crowded with teenager hang around like it be a café or student union . fay sniffles tragically and fall on the counter . fay gnoc , gimme a value pack of kleenex , will ya ? gnoc get the kleenex while fay overhear two kid near Simon 's poem ... tim the violence of the imagery remind I of early clash , while the lyricism of the verse recall , for I , Walt Whitman . bibi I would have say dickinson , maybe even eliot , and so on . but I agree with the punk root ... fay pay for she tissue and make she way to the back of the store where she find Simon with Henry , who be hold forth to he friend and the small coterie of high school student surround they ... henry the great all say the same thing : little . and what little there be to be say be immense . or , in other word , follow you own genius to where it lead without regard for the apparent need of the world at large , which , in fact , have no need as such , but , rather , moment of exhaustion in which it be incapable of prejudice . ( drink ) we can only hope to collide with this moment of unselfconsciousness . this divine fatigue ... this ... fay ( sit ) push over . Henry take the type manuscript from she and continue ... henry as I try to make plain in Paris : ' nous savon que nous avon chuté parce que nous savon qui nous somme . ' ' we know we have fall because we know who we be . ' fay ( skeptically ) when be you in Paris ? henry ( interrupt ) that 's beside the point . but do they listen to I ? of course not ! fay blow she nose and Simon be concerned . simon you alright , fay ? fay ( lighting a cigarette ) no , I be not alright ! you poem bring my period on a week and half early ! so just shut up . everybody just shut up ! she drop she head to the table and cry . Henry and Simon look on in silence . then Henry continue ... henry for be this not the best of all possible world ? be not the evil of this world necessary component of a cosmos that could not exist without they ? Amy 's girlfriend , Chris , lean forward studiously and ask ... CHRIS so , do you believe in God ? henry ( smoke , shrug ) unfortunately . fay ( lift she head ) yeah , but when be you in Paris ? henry ( aggravate ) at. one. time . CHRIS Simon , can I have you autograph ? Simon look from she to Henry . Henry wink at he . henry go ahead . but never let yourself be flatter . Simon sign the girl 's book . fay ( to Henry ) so what about this friend of yours , hot shot ? the publisher . henry who ? simon ( remind he ) angus James . fay yeah . angus James . how about send this poem to he ? Henry seem a bit put upon . henry because it 's not do yet . fay ( to Simon ) when 's it gunna be do , Simon ? simon I do not know . fay well , you oughta be home write instead of hang out over here with all you groupy . amy hey , I be not a groupie . fay pardon I , swivel -hip . be that you powerbook ? amy yeah . fay can I see it ? fay and Amy talk tech as ... henry ( continue ) the thing to do be to send part of it to different magazine and literary journal first . that kinda thing . you know . substantiate it . amy ( look up ) what 's ' scatalogical ' mean ? Henry sip he beer and look at she . henry filth , child . a preoccupation with excrement . why ? amy that 's what the board of Education call Simon 's poem , yesterday ; scatological . Henry reach across the table and shake Simon 's hand . int . the grim house kitchen -- day the next day . fay be fry something on the stove , a cigarette hang from she lip . a middle - age woman with a press id on she lapel appear at the kitchen door and tap . edna hello ? fay yeah , I be listen . edna my name be edna rodriguez and I write the human interest column for the queen County examiner and I be just wonder if I could have a word with Simon grim ? intrigue , fay step over to the door with she spatula . she look edna over , study she id , then step away and scream upstairs . fay Simon ! edna ( startle ) thank you . fay come back over near the door , wave she spatula . fay you can not talk to he for , you know , too long or anything , ' cause he 's gotta , you know ... he write all day . that 's all he do . can you believe that ? no response . fay ( call again ) hey ! Simon ! get down here ! Simon finally shuffles into the kitchen . fay Simon , this be edna . she 's from the newspaper . edna ( rapid fire ) Simon , the Parents ' Association at the local high school be call you poem pornography . the teacher be defend the student ' right to exercise they critical taste and sensibility . the county agree with the Church and consider the poem emblematic of modern society 's moral disintegration . how do you feel about this controversial reaction to you poem ? Simon say nothing . he just stare at she . fay ( punch he ) Simon , answer the woman . Simon just look away , think , then wander back upstairs . Mary pass he on he way out of the kitchen and come up to fay and edna at the door . mary I need my prescription fill . fay Mom , this be edna . edna , Mom . edna Mrs grim , what be Simon like as a child ? mary we all think he be retarded . fay everyone do . mary never say a word . fay he masturbate constantly . mary have no friend . fay till he meet Henry . mary and that 's when all the trouble really start . int . henry's apartment -- day Henry be shave . Simon sit in the kitchen , sorting through rejection letter ... simon ( read ) dear Mr grim , we here at the magazine consider ourselves and the publication open-minded and cut edge and have consistently print the work of the most brilliant and farsee young talent of the day . every week we be force to return write which we can not for one reason or another publish and include a brief but polite refusal . but this tract you have send we demand a response as violent as the effect you word have have upon we . Drop dead . keep you day job . sincerely , the editor . henry De gustibus non disputandum est . simon ( think ) you can not argue with taste ? henry about taste . you can not argue about taste . God , Simon . Simon give up and push the letter away , beat . simon the other twenty - five be almost as bad . I do not know why I bother . Henry drop he razor and stomp out into the hall . henry what do you mean you do not know why you bother ? you bother because you know the poem be excellent ! simon do I ? henry of course you do ! simon I be not so sure sometimes . henry can you sit there , look I straight in the eye , and tell I you do not think this poem be great ? that it be not at once a work of great lyrical beauty and ethical depth ? that it be not a genuine , highly individual , and profound meditation on the miracle of existence ? Simon hold the stare , overwhelm . simon I , ah ... henry can you ? Simon look away , think a moment , then look back at Henry . simon no. I can not . henry so , you see , you have no choice ! he go back into the bathroom . Simon think a while , then ... simon ( call ) can you recommend it to you friend , the publisher ? no response . simon Henry ? can you recommend the poem to he ? still no response . Simon get up and stand in the bathroom doorway . Henry be shave . simon I mean , I think it 's finish and , for better or worse , it be book length . henry that might not be as easy as it seem . simon why ? henry well , it 's be a long time . my name might not carry as much weight as it once do with angus . simon but he 's you friend , right ? henry we be close at one time . simon you say he respected you opinion . Henry put down he razor and look at Simon in the mirror . henry look , Simon , opinion come and go . he see Simon look worried . henry to be honest ; my idea , my write , they have not always be receive well or even calmly . they be upsetting . I be a controversial man . he walk around the bathroom , gesticulate . henry you see , what I be do be too radical . too uncompromising . it will take time for people to see its value . it 's ahead of its time , perhaps , or maybe just ... ( stop ) a recommendation from I might do you as much harm as it do good . Simon patiently absorb all this , then walk through the kitchen and look across at the ' confession ' notebook . simon Henry , why can not I read the ' confession ' ? henry because certain work need to be experience all at once in order for one to appreciate the full force of its character . int . world of donut -- day Simon talk with fay as she eat she lunch . fay Simon , wake up ! the guy 's in a dream world ! simon he 's afraid that he reputation will prevent people from give my work a honest chance . fay his reputation as what ? simon as a writer . fay gimme a break . simon he 's kinda like in exile . marginalize on account of he idea . fay if he 's such a great big fat genius , why do not he write book ? like you do . simon he have . he 's write a book . it 's almost complete . he 's be work on it for year . it 's just not publish . fay yeah , I bet . it 's probably disgusting . simon ( defensively ) it 's a quite serious and difficult piece of work , apparently . fay have you read it ? simon no . not yet . soon. certain work need to be experience all at once in order for one to appreciate the full force of its character . fay yeah , well , what ever . listen , Simon , forget Henry . go straight up to this angus James character yourself and make he read you poem . she get up to go . she 's wear a smart outfit . fay I be gunna apply for a job at the one - hour photo joint and then go over to the mall to see about that job in the bank . make sure Mom take she pill . see ya . int . the grim house -- day Mary be sit , brood in front of the tv , which display only static white noise . she turn it off with the remote and sit in silence for a moment . she get off the couch and move to the kitchen table , where fay 's computer sit . she go over and reach up above the fridge , open the cabinet contain Simon 's notebook . she hesitates , then take they down and hold they in she hand , as if to begin read . but then she put they back . she walk over to the piano and stand there , hesitate , before slowly sit down and open it . she lift she hand to play , then pause and look around behind she , make sure no one be there . but , finally , she turn back and begin play . she play a sad-sound modern classical piece with rusty accomplishment . at one time she be probably quite good . she play for a while , gradually let herself become move by the music . but then she stop , pause , and look behind she . Simon be stand in the kitchen . he have be deeply affect by she play . simon please do not stop . she stare he down a moment longer , then look away and close the piano . she return to the couch and switch on the tv . Simon come closer . he sit . simon that be nice what you be play . mary yes , it be nice . but it be unremarkable . Simon wait . eventually ... simon do that matter ? mary ( look right at he ) yes . it do . she get up off the couch and go upstairs . she slam she bedroom door and leave Simon alone on the couch . he think . then , he get up and go into the kitchen . he take the type manuscript of he poem from the cabinet above the refrigerator and go to the door . he pause , clutches the poem and go out . ext . subway station -- day Simon wait , clutching he poem to he side , as a train pull into the station . excite and determine , he get on . int . train -- day Simon travel to New York City . he find a envelope on the floor to put the poem in . int . mary room -- day Mary wake up and sit on the edge of the bed , feel regretful about she tone of voice with Simon . int . the grim house kitchen -- day moment later . Mary come down into the kitchen and listen . mary Simon ? no answer . she step over to the cabinet and almost take down Simon 's notebook . but do not . she grab she pill and be about to take they . but then she stop . she put they down and go to the cabinet . she take down Simon 's notebook and sit at the table , pause , then pull they closer and begin to read . int . publishing house lobby -- day Simon enter a big , posh lobby and check the registry . int . publishing house reception -- day moment later . Simon come out of the elevator and enter the reception area of James midriff and sutton publish . he walk hesitantly up to the receptionist , a bright and spirite young woman name Laura . LAURA hi , I will take that . Simon step back defensively . LAURA be not you the messenger ? simon no . LAURA be you here to fix the plumbing ? simon I be here to see Mr. angus James . LAURA ( amused ) be you ? simon I be not a plumber . or a messenger . I be once a garbage man . but now I be a poet . Laura step back , cock she head and remove she designer eye-wear . int . conference room -- day same time . angus be at a big table with two other man , Steve and Barry . barry the book , as we know it , angus , will be a thing of the past within the next few year . novel , article , newspaper will all be download on to we personal computer anyway . angus so you be tell I to get out of the publishing business ? steve no . but we have get to re-invent the publishing business for the electronic age . Laura knock . angus yes , Laura ? LAURA I be sorry to disturb you , gentleman , but ... angus , there 's a particularly wound - up young garbage man out here who seem to have write a poem . a long poem . and I recall how , at last month 's meeting , you stress the need for we to be on the look - out for more marginalize verse from unestablish quarter of the american scene . angus do I say that ? Steve and Barry nod . steve yeah . you do . barry twice . angus well , ok . make a appointment , Laura . sometime next month . LAURA right-e-o. and she 's go . angus ( return ) so , anyway , how be the digital revolution go to help I sell book ? int . publishing house reception -- day Simon look disappointed . simon why can not I see he now ? LAURA ( sincerely ) because he 's a very important man and , well , you be not . Simon just look down at he shoe . Laura touch he arm and reassure he . LAURA be reasonable . he look up , pause , then ... simon why ? int . conference room -- day same time . angus I do not think people be go to prefer read book on television , Steve . steve it will not be television ! barry it will be interactive . steve angus , look , we have a number of chart here ... barry in every home in America the PC will be where the tv use to be . steve and it will be a direct connection to all form of media . barry a unprecedented transformation of american social life ... steve we will all become better inform , more literate , increasingly productive , and ... well , and , like I say , we have a number of chart ... Laura re-enter ... LAURA sorry to disturb you again , gentleman , but ... angus , I would like to call security for this one . though , before I do , I just want to ask just how marginal the as yet undiscovered voice of american poetry should be ? angus ( think ) pretty damn marginal , I would think . barry down right controversial , probably . angus how 's he strike you ? LAURA he 's be denounce by he local board of Education . barry oh , I read about he in the paper . hang out in a delicatess somewhere and write pornography . int . publishing house reception -- day moment later . angus come out to the water cooler and glare at Simon as he get a drink . angus hello , and why do you think I should take valuable time out of my busy schedule to read ... he grab the envelope and see no title . angus this ? Simon be stump . he look over at Laura , who purse she lip and tilt she head . he twist a button on he shirt , think , then return to angus . simon because it 's a masterpiece . angus really ? simon yes . angus ( to Laura ) be you hearing this ? LAURA he 's adorable . simon I would not want to waste you time . angus I be sure you would not and I appreciate you be so straightforward . simon thank you . angus I assume you can take straightforward criticism ? Simon look over at Laura . LAURA just say ' yes ' . simon ( look back ) maybe . angus get he a coffee , Laura . LAURA have a seat , Mr grim . angus hold my call for the next half hour . LAURA what about Steve ? angus he do not drink coffee . Steve , do you drink coffee ? steve ( off ) angus , listen to I ! int . world of donut -- day Henry pace back and forth . with the finger of one hand press against he forehead and he eye close tight in concentration , he dictate to Amy , who be sit at a table with she laptop computer , type he every word . henry in the infinite amplitude of he love , God want to create the large number of best element that can exist together in one cosmos ... ok . Amy type away , fascinate by Henry 's intelligence . henry in a instantaneous calculation make in eternity , God compute the best possible world and create it . Fine . this ' decision ' by God be uncontingent and eternal rather than temporally or ontologically sequential . stop , zeroing in on he point . amy how do you spell that ? henry what ? amy ontologically . henry o-n-t ... do not you have some kinda spell - check on that thing ? amy never mind . henry it be impossible for every perfect good to be compatible with every other perfect good . the intense beauty of the mountain must be set off by the fertility of the plain , so to speak . he smoke , drink , pace some more . Amy wait with bate breath , devastate by he obscure profundity . he come back and sit beside she , reach he conclusion . henry the good of freewill must entail real choice for sin . she gaze at he profile , in love . Henry sit think and Amy watch he reverently . she lean over close and whisper in he ear . he turn and look at she , alarmed . henry listen , Amy , back off . I be on parole . amy you feel the same way . I can tell . I can see it when you look at I . Henry jump up and look around , paranoid . he keep he voice down and point at she . henry hey ! I do not look at you . amy yes you do . in the street . in the parking lot yesterday . that night on the highway . henry I look at a lot of people that way . disappointed , Amy turn away and sulk . amy you think I be stupid . Henry see she 's genuinely upset and feel bad . he sit back down and lay he hand on hers . henry no , as a matter of fact , I think you be a real bright kid and I like that about you . amy ( look up , pout ) you do ? now Henry try to scare she away . he leer at she . henry I like it so much I have get half a mind to do perverse thing to you . right here . right now . thing you might just learn to like . she just stare at he , blink , then look away and try to imagine this . she take she laptop and leave , confuse and blush . Henry watch she go and grin , satisfied with himself . int . publishing house reception -- day angus throw on he coat and thrust the poem at Simon as they walk down the hall . angus this be really quite unbelievably bad , my friend . I mean , I be all for experimentation and I have make a career out of a healthy disregard for convention , but ... look , this be profoundly irrelevant material . this be only my opinion . but it 's a opinion I value highly . goodnight , Laura . call norton Press . we be still on for tomorrow . Simon look pale as angus stride towards the elevator . angus I have be wrong before as a publisher . but I refuse to admit I have ever be wrong as a reader . you have talent , I admit . you have a innate sense of the musicality of language . a good ear , maybe . but you do nothing significant with it . and this twisted reason that pose as ... conviction or insight , it 's ... well , it 's embarrassing . they reach the elevator and stop . Simon try to catch he breath . angus why do you bring this thing to I , anyway ? simon ( weakly ) a friend of mine speak of you . he say you have a lot of integrity . angus yes , well , of course , I do . but I be not crazy , be I ? who be this person ? do I know he ? Simon hesitates , almost decide against it , but then ... simon Henry fool . angus look back at he . Simon wait . angus look aside , think , then shake he head . angus never hear of he . Simon just look at he blankly , confuse . the door slide open and angus get in the elevator . he 's go . Simon sink into a chair and stare at the carpet . he be so surprised and hurt he gasp for breath . his poem slip from he hand and fall to the floor . LAURA ( off ) I remember Henry . Simon do not register this right away . but then he look up and over at the receptionist . Laura stand and come around she desk . she pause , see he disappointment , then come closer and pick up he poem . handing it to he , she explain ... LAURA he use to be the janitor here . he just stare at she , demolish . ext . sidewalk / subway entrance -- day later . Simon dump he poem in a trash can , pause , then enter the subway . int . world of donut -- day Henry be lean on the counter , flipping through pornographic magazine and smoking . mr deng ( off ) Henry , put that magazine back . henry I be just look at the picture . mr deng it 's not good for you . Henry flip through page and nod , impressed . henry I learn so much from this magazine , Mr Deng . I refuse to discriminate between mode of know . mr deng and you can not smoke in here anymore . Henry look up , outrage . henry why not ! mr deng it 's the law . Henry throw he cigarette to the floor , step on it and return to he magazine . henry this place be lose all its charm , Mr Deng . mr deng Business be good . the kid , they hang out all day and drink coffee , talk about art and read poetry . Henry shake he head in dismay and study a centerfold . henry it 's just a fad , Mr Deng . this kid today , they be just slave to fashion . int . the grim house kitchen -- day same time . fay come in , hot and tired from walk around in high heel . fay anybody home ? Mom ? she stand on the stair and hear the water run in the bathroom . fay ma , that you ? no answer . she discover she 's out of cigarettes . int . world of donut -- day Henry be lean on the counter with a six - pack of beer , plead with Mr Deng . henry come on , Mr Deng ! how much do I owe you ? mr deng twenty - five dollar . henry that can not be right ! and so what ? my credit 's good . Warren come in . warren Henry ! henry hey , Warren , you gotta couple of buck I can borrow ? Warren reach for he wallet . warren listen , Henry , I wanna remind you to vote this Thursday . henry ah , yes , of course . when noble mind shrink from the task of leadership scoundrel will rush in to fill the void . ( take cash ) thanks . warren it 's every american 's right . a bless . yet another opportunity to save America from itself . Henry pay Mr Deng for he beer . int . henry's apartment -- day moment later . fay bang on the door . fay hey , Henry , you in there ? gimme a cigarette . no answer . she try the door . it 's open . she hesitates . fay Henry ? she go quietly in . ext . world of donut -- day moment later . Henry step out of the store and stop when he see Amy stand there , pout . he look away and sigh . Amy pick at the fabric of she stocking and bite she lip . amy Henry ? Henry smoke . henry yeah . amy what kind of ... well , I mean ... what kind of ... perverse thing would you do to I ? it 's more than he can stand . he hold he head . henry take a powder , cupcake . amy no , really . henry evaporate ! crushed , she break out in tear and flee . int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon come in , furious and throw open the fridge . he find nothing to eat or drink . he slam the door , then hear the water run in the bathroom upstairs . he stop and listen . the bathroom door ; the water hear run steadily . Simon turn away then see ... the poem notebook face down on the table . he think . the bathroom door ; the water hear run ... int . henry's apartment -- day moment later . Henry come into he house , hot and bother , cradling he six - pack . but he stop , listen , then step through the kitchen towards the live - room . he stop in the entrance and see ... fay on the floor of the live - room , read he ' confession ' , she mouth hang open in a astonished ' o '. he drop he six - pack and ... she spin around , catch in the act . Henry stand in the doorway , pent up , sweat and with perverse thing on he mind . fay , she hand palm down on the floor behind she , bite she lip , coquettishly . Henry look she over like she be something good to eat . she feel he gaze all over she and twist to one side with a breathless little shudder . he step nearer , stand over she and she look up at he . int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon climb the stair to the bathroom ... int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry and fay kissing passionately ... int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon knock on the bathroom door . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry and fay grop and shove one another as they stagger from room to room . int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon bang on the bathroom door . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . fay fall to the couch ... int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon crash through the door and find ... Mary , kneel over the edge of the tub , she wrist slit and the blood run down the drain , the shower raining down over she back . Simon look on in horror . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry tear open he trousers ... int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon lift Mary from the bathtub . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry and fay clutch and grind and heave ... int . the grim house -- day same time . Simon drag he mother from the bathroom and down the stair . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry and fay be make mad , passionate love , oblivious to the world around they . int . grim house day -- day same time . Simon drag Mary through the house . int . henry's apartment -- day same time . Henry and fay fuck . ext . the grim house -- day same time . Simon drag Mary out the kitchen door and into the yard , look desperately for help . he reach the street , she limp body hang grotesquely before he , and look helplessly up and down the block . dissolve to : ext . cemetery -- day Simon , Henry , Mr Deng , fay , gnoc and Buñuel stand with Father hawkes at the grave . father hawke let we pray . Lord , grant that peace be within reach for we friend , Mary . May the pain and confusion she endure on earth be fight through in the after life , so that she may enter the Kingdom of Heaven and live in the light of god. amen . he sprinkle holy water on the coffin and they all drop carnation at the grave . Simon and fay remain there look down at the coffin . Henry wait for they a few yard away , wishing he could help , but feel out of place . ext . junkyard -- day Simon be back work on the garbage truck . he collect garbage and throw it in the truck as Henry , who be just along for the ride , hang from the side of the truck and pull the lever whenever Simon tell he to . henry so I be a janitor ! so what ? simon but angus James say he do not even know you ! Henry shrug and qualify ... henry well , I mean , we be not like bosom buddy or anything . but we use to talk sometimes . in the elevator . in the morning . he say he like my idea . be a janitor 's a good job if you be a writer . especially the night shift ; all that time to think and develop my idea . simon do it . Henry pull the lever and the garbage get crush . simon anyway , he hate my poem . henry well , what the hell do he know ? he would not know a vital piece of literary art if it come up and bit he in the leg . to hell with he ! he 's not the only publisher in the world ! simon but nobody like it . henry ( smoke ) it 's true . a prophet be seldom heed in he own land . remember that . simon do it . Henry be about to pull the lever again , but see something in amongst the garbage ... henry hey , look , treasure ! Henry step down and lean over into the garbage . Simon join he as he lift something that be either a ring or a stray piece of machinery . henry what be this ? simon brass maybe . some kinda copper . henry it 's a ring . jewelry . simon I think it 's a gasket . a fitting from off of that old refrigerator over there . Henry put it in he pocket , satisfied and Simon jump on the back of the truck as it turn the corner and roll away . Henry start to walk off in the opposite direction , but stop when he see Pearl age seven . ext . vicky' house -- day Henry come up the street with Pearl age seven on he back . he walk into vicky 's yard and find Warren lift weight in the garage . henry hey , Warren , I find Pearl wander around by the garbage dump . warren he lose . henry who lose ? Warren rest . he sit up on the bench and take a toke off the joint he have wait . warren Congressman feer . henry ( realize ) oh. well , you know . somebody 's gotta lose . warren what 's the fuck use . you make sacrifice . you try to be a decent human be . try to contribute something meaningful to society . and what happen ? they lose to a bunch of cultural elite liberal fuck -up . I do not give a shit anymore . people deserve what they get . Henry pause , then lead Pearl age seven towards the house . Warren lie back down and continue he lift . int . vicky' house -- day moment later . Henry knock on the door as he enter ... henry vicky ? no answer . he come in and find she sit on the couch with a drink . she 's get a black eye . henry what happen to you ? vicky he 's a good man , Henry . nobody 's perfect . henry I guess not . vicky he 's terribly disappointed . henry I find Pearl wander around with no shoe on she foot . Pearl come over and stand beside she mother . vicky thanks . she get scared . henry and you do not ? vicky caress Pearl 's hair , then drink and look over at Henry . vicky I love he . int . world of donut -- day moment later . Buñuel be wait when Henry walk in and step up to the beer cooler . henry ( alarmed ) where 's the beer ? mr deng no more beer . coffee. espresso ! cappuccino ! café au lait . carrot juice . herbal tea . Henry look at the man , disgust , then fall in to a seat and motion to gnoc , who be now the waitress . henry a double espresso and a jelly donut , gnoc. ( to Buñuel ) you mind pay ? my credit 's no good here anymore , apparently . buñuel ( nod amiably ) do you go to the employment agency today , Henry ? henry no , but it 's ok . Simon 's gunna try to get I a job on the garbage truck . buñuel listen , I be a little concerned about you friend . henry Simon ? buñuel seem he give a obscene note to a girl in the library . henry get outta here ! when ? buñuel I be not sure . henry it could not have be Simon . buñuel it almost certainly be . he mention you . look ... he unfold a print - out of the letter . Henry read and Buñuel lean over , point out ... henry ' her figure make I violent . I want to somehow break she . but tenderly . how be this possible ? ask Henry . ' Henry think this over , gulp back some espresso and nod he approval . then ... henry Buñuel , this be obviously a love letter . buñuel ( take it back ) we have have complaint . henry where do you get it ? buñuel she post it on the Internet . henry oh , the slut ! buñuel she be try to warn other girl about a potential rapist . henry ( smoke ) be all this true about the Internet ? about how you can get pornography on it ? buñuel well , yeah , sure . it 's a big problem . you can send dirty picture and everything . henry on the Internet ? buñuel yeah . Henry be impressed . henry no kiddin' ? Buñuel get up to go . buñuel see you on Thursday , Henry . henry ( think ) sure . see you . ( call the waitress ) gnoc , gimme one of this double espressos to go , will ya ? he be have idea . int . the grim house kitchen -- day moment later . fay , still dress in black , be tapping away on the key to the computer , surfing the Internet , as Henry appear at the kitchen door , grip he tall double espresso . henry hello , fay . fay go away . henry you gotta get outta the house , fay . you can not blame yourself for not be here . you do all you could for she . she turn and glare at he . fay be there something you want ? Henry stop , pause , look away . then ... henry you get the Internet on that contraption ? fay ( resume type ) yeah . so what ? he change the subject again , preoccupy and continue tenderly ... henry look fay , about , you know , between we -- what happen ... fay I do not wanna talk about it , Henry ! he sigh and drink he coffee , then look back at she . henry type a part of Simon 's poem onto the Internet . fay ( stop ) what ? henry go ahead . fay no. henry why not ? fay because . henry come on , fay . it 's a great idea . fay I do not know if he would want we to do that . henry sure he would . just the first ten verse . fay be tempt . fay I do not know . henry he will thank you for it later . frown , she reconsider . she get up and take the notebook from the cabinet above the fridge . she flip through the page but suddenly stop and turn to the door with a nicer attitude . fay Henry ... but he 's go . it 's as if he have vanish into thin air . she sigh , sit back down , and begin type the poem onto the Internet . int . world of donut -- day moment later . Henry come back into the store , satisfied with himself . he finish off he coffee , toss away the cup and take a pornographic magazine from the rack . he lean on the counter where Mr Deng be busy work and flip through the page . henry gimme another one of that tall double espressos , Mr Deng . Mr Deng start to make he one and see he with the magazine . mr deng you gunna buy that ? henry I be just look . mr deng well then put it back . henry there 's this fascinating story about a famous rock band and how they tie a friend of theirs to a bed in they hotel room and insert a live fish into she vagina . Mr Deng shake he head and frown . henry ( explain ) they say she have numerous orgasm . mr deng Henry , you need to do something with you life . get a job , or something . henry I mean , it be not the entire fish , it be just , you know , the nose . the nose of the fish . Mr Deng bring over the coffee . Henry be surprised to notice he be not rivete . henry you do not find that interesting ? mr deng no. Henry close the magazine and put it back . lean on the counter , he sip he coffee and ponder . henry you ever wonder what it would be like to have sex with a animal , Mr Deng ? mr deng that coffee be free . just take it and get out of here . henry I mean , some dog be almost as big as people and often more attractive . Mr Deng just go back to work , leave Henry there at the counter think big thought . ext . the grim house -- evening Simon hang from the garbage truck as it come up the street and pause in front of he house . he jump down and the truck barrel away . int . fay' room -- evening Simon tap at the door . she look over at he and he see she 's be cry . he come into the room and she sit up on the edge of the bed . simon do you see he ? fay he come by this afternoon . simon do you talk ? fay no. he come over and sit beside she . he think a moment , then ... simon you have get to tell he , fay . fay he think I be a slut . and she start cry again . Simon awkwardly touch she shoulder , then move he hand away . fay pull herself together , sniffles and go into the bathroom . int . the grim house , at the piano moment later . Simon come downstairs and find Henry at the piano . he look ill and be clutching a nearly empty container of espresso . he be stare sickly at ' the ring ' . simon Henry ? henry Simon , I do not feel so good . simon what 's wrong ? henry I feel all kinda clammy . and damp . Simon lift the coffee container and smell it . simon how many of this do you have ? Henry try to remember . he squint . henry Seven . Simon put the container down and sit at the table . simon Henry , we have to talk . henry can I use you toilet ? simon fay 's take a shower . Henry grab he stomach . he press he hand against he chest , hold he head , then stare at the ring . henry how much you think I can get for this ? he look at Simon . simon ( pause ) Henry , fay 's pregnant . Henry look at he . simon fay 's pregnant with you child . Henry let this sink in . he stand and the room tilt . White with fear , he clutches at he rumbling gut . int . the grim house bathroom moment later . fay be in the shower as ... Henry burst into the bathroom , tear at he belt and trousers . she start scream and wrap herself in the shower curtain . he drop he pants and throw himself on the toilet just in time to begin shitting he brain out . fay crouch , terrify and disgust , in the shower . fay Jesus , Henry ! Henry sweat and moan as he empty he bowel in a violent and messy blast of noise and foul air . fay cover she face and whimper sickly . finally , he 's do . he hang with he face out over he knee , sick , exhaust and in shock . fay wrap herself in a towel and step out of the shower . she creep carefully around he and flush the toilet , grow increasingly concerned . fay hey , Henry . you ok ? he be destroy , stare down at ... the 'ring ' he still hold in he hand . fay see this , look at Henry , then kneel and take it from he . he do not resist . she lift it up and breathlessly admire it . totally misunderstanding , move beyond word ... fay oh. oh , Henry . and she throw she arm around he as he sit there , sweat and spend , on the toilet . int . church -- day a month later . Mr Deng and Buñuel drag Henry , kick and scream , into the church foyer . once inside , he shake they off and they stand back . he huff and puff and toss the hair back out of he eye . he pace back and forth like a cage animal , then stop , see ... fay , at the altar , wait with Simon . she be beautiful . Henry calm down , deeply affect . fay smile down the aisle at he . Henry throw back he shoulder , straighten he tie and stride up the aisle . also present at the ceremony be vicky and Warren . gnoc be may of honor . int . church -- day later . Henry hold fay 's hand and repeat after Father hawkes . father hawke I , Henry , take you , fay to be my wife . henry I , Henry , take you , fay to be my wife . father hawke and do promise before God and this witness ... henry and do promise before God and this witness ... father hawke to be you loving and faithful husband . henry to be you loving and faithful husband . father hawke in plenty and in want . henry in plenty and in want . father hawke in joy and in sorrow . henry in joy and in sorrow . father hawke in sickness and in health . henry in sickness and in health . father hawke for as long as we both shall live . henry for as long as we both shall live . the gasket everyone be now mistake for a ring be lift high before the altar . father hawke bless , o Lord , this ring , that he who give it and she who wear it may abide in you peace and continue in you favor until they life 's end . the gasket be place on fay 's finger . father hawke whom God have join , let no man separate . the door of the church swing open with a tremendous creak and everyone turn from the altar to see ... Amy enter . she step in and stand there , alarmed , clutching a long scroll of fax paper . henry oh , shit . fay Simon , do something . Simon walk down the aisle to see to Amy . the guest watch and wait . as Simon reach she , Amy look away from the altar and show he the fax scroll . amy look . he study the fax and recognize he poem . he grow concerned . simon where do you get this ? amy it 's all over the Internet . Simon look up the aisle at ... fay and Henry . they look away , catch . amy they be even talk about it on the tv news . confused , Simon start for the door , shove the fax in he pocket . fay step down from the altar ... fay Simon ? Amy hurry along beside he . amy there 's a guy from the radio station over at World of donut and a story in the newspaper about some kid burn down a school near Boston ! int . the grim house -- night later that evening . the whole neighborhood be celebrate fay 's wedding . the music be loud . the people be drunk . the place be a shamble . a big dance number be play . amidst all the festivity , though , Simon and Buñuel have the small tv propped up on top of the fridge , follow the evening news ... reporter ( on tv ) it all start right here in queen , Jim , at World of donut about one year ago today , when local garbage man , Simon grim , put pencil to paper and begin to compose what many have come to regard as vicious , antisocial and pornographic poetry -- 112 line of unrhyme free meter verse which would one day serve to spark the flame of controversy across the nation and -- indeed -- the world . fay lead the neighbor in the dance ... owen feer ( on tv ) this be outrageous ! measure must be take . have we debase we culture to such a extent that a garbage man with a head full of sick idea be legitimately refer to as a poet , and where the filth he spew can be access by any child old enough to turn on a computer ? be this what we have come to ? not the transmission of we high ideal , but a cynical , atheistic delirium ! Henry and fay dance , surround by the dance neighbor ... poet laureate ( on tv ) poetry of this kind , and this poem in particular , be , I think , a worthy form of desperation ; a digression on the extreme of human experience ; of solitude , of community . it be perhaps alarming , even upsetting to some -- myself include -- but it must be allow to exist . Henry throw a arm around Warren , who stand look deject in the doorway , and raise he glass to the happiness in the room . anchorman ( on tv ) meanwhile , in Rome today , the Pope issue a message of hope for believer in they fight against what he termed the godless and lose . he do not mention Simon grim by name , but offer a prayer for the young whom he describe as sadly in need of faith and not the illusion of conviction offer by rock music , drug and contemporary poetry . the tv be switch off . it 's later now . people be pass out on the kitchen floor and various neighbor be sit around the table . fay step back from the tv , drain a glass of beer and wipe she mouth on the sleeve of she wedding gown . she hug Simon , who be deeply unsettle by the news of he grow infamy . fay God , Simon , I mean , like , you be a total fuck rock star . int . world of donut -- day a huge crowd of kid be press up against the door , try to get a peek at they hero , Simon grim . angus come away from the window . he stand and regards Simon , who be sit at a table tear a napkin to shred . angus I be willing to negotiate , Simon . simon I know , it 's just ... angus you have have other offer . simon well , yes . but . angus what ? simon why have you reconsider ? angus because I think you write will be tremendously successful . simon but you do not like it ? angus it 's grow on I . simon what make you change you mind ? he point to the fan outside . angus other people 's response . I do not live in a vacuum , you know . two month ago I do not have the proof of you poem 's appeal . now I do . Simon think this over , but say nothing . angus come over and lay he hand on he shoulder . angus consider my offer carefully . get some professional advice . I will call you tomorrow . Simon nod . ext . world of donut -- day moment later . angus emerge and have to fight he way through the throng of excited adolescent . he reach he limo and get in . but he pause before close the door and consider the crowd . Simon emerge from the store and kid begin scream and shouting for autograph . angus shake he head , impressed . int . church -- day Simon consult Father hawkes . father hawke what be the term ? simon a hundred thousand in cash up front . father hawke royalty ? simon a seventy / thirty split . father hawke well , that could be better . but it be a hundred thousand dollar up front . guaranteed money . you could use that . simon so it 's a good deal ? father hawke of course it 's good . simon so I should take it ? father hawke no . try to get he up to a hundred and fifty thousand . ext . junkyard -- day even . Henry stalk along , all fire up . Simon try he best to keep up with he . henry I have let myself down , Simon ! I have let myself be catch in the bloody maw of banal necessity ! how do I get here ? how do this happen to I ? I be go to be somebody 's father ! I need time to think . to write . time to finish my ' confession ' ! I can not work for a live ! it 's impossible ! I try once . my genius will be waste try to make end meet ! he collapse extravagantly . henry this be how great man topple , Simon . they heart be in the right place too much of the time ! they get sidetracked ! distract . oh ! how could I have be so careless ! simon Henry , please , let I read the ' confession ' . henry no. not now . it 's not do . I be all wash up . I be finish ! simon angus James be convinced my poem be go to make he incredibly wealthy . he will read you book and seriously consider publishing it . if I ask he to . I be certain . Henry glance back at he friend , digest this . he think it over , then ... henry really ? you really think so ? have finally get through to he , Simon come forward , anxious to help Henry . simon I will insist he publish the ' confession ' . he pace back and forth , thrust out he chest , for the first time in he life display something like pride or arrogance . simon ( add ) or I will not let he publish my poem . Henry sit there watch Simon , impressed with this evidence of increase self - esteem . he realize the profundity of the gesture . henry you would do that ? you would do that for I ? Simon stare off into the distance . simon you save my life . Henry be move . he stand and come forward . he grab he friend by the shoulder and turn he around . henry do you realize what you be say ? simon ( pause ) I owe you everything . Henry step away , consider , then look back at Simon and extend he hand . henry ok . Simon smile . Henry smile . they shake hand . int . henry's apartment -- day Simon enter , come forward into the room and pause , look off at ... the stack of twelve book that comprise the ' confession ' . ext . house / backyard -- day Henry stand outside , watch he door . int . henry's apartment -- day Simon lift the first volume , open it and begin read . he sit . ext . backyard -- day Henry pace , drink and smoking nervously . int . henry's apartment -- night Simon stride the length of the live room , read . he stop , frown . int . henry's apartment -- night Simon read in front of the fire . ext . backyard / garage -- night Buñuel , hawkes and Mr Deng sleep sit up as Henry talk to himself . fay lean out the back door and interrupt he . he look at she , but say nothing . she sigh and go back inside : turn off the light . int . henry's apartment -- day the next morning . Simon sit wearily read the final page of volume twelve as the morning sun streak into the room . finally , he finish and slowly close the book . he stand and cross the room . lean against the wall , he remove he glass and rub he aching eye . ext . backyard -- day Simon step out of Henry 's apartment and see Henry asleep on the back stoop . ext . world of donut -- day Simon stare into a glass of water . fay sit ten foot away , wait . finally ... fay it 's really that bad ? simon it 's terrible . int . angus jame ' office -- day the ' confession ' lie on the big desk . angus ' hand come down upon it . angus you have read this ? simon yes . angus and you want I to consider publishing it ? simon yes . angus as part of we deal ? simon yes . angus Simon , this book , it 's ... it 's really quite bad . simon that 's what you say about my poem . angus pause and figure . he change the subject . angus I be offer you a very real expression of my faith in you write . two hundred thousand dollar and a sixty / forty split . simon but just exactly what be the nature of you faith in my write ? angus look , Simon , you do not require my admiration . you require my experience as a publisher . and that experience lead I to believe you poem will make more money than any book of poetry ever publish . in history . virtually make you a household name within two year . you will never have to work on a garbage truck again , I assure you . or do anything else for that matter . whereas this ' confession ' by Henry fool ... he be at a loss for word . angus the most I can say for this be ... the man be a scoundrel . simon he teach I everything I know . angus no ! he encourage all that be expressive in you to become manifest . he inspire you to act . he influence you perception . Simon wait a while , stare at he shoe . simon how about if my advance be only a hundred thousand ? angus it 's not about money , Simon . simon we could split the royalty seventy / thirty . angus I will not publish Henry fool 's ' confession ' . Simon sit and let this sink in . angus wait , then ... angus will you sign the contract ? Simon continue look out at the city . angus wait , but there be no response . finally , Simon turn , pause and slowly cross the room . he sit at the table and look down at the contract . he sign . int . the grim house kitchen -- day fay be in labor . Henry help she into she coat as they rush for the door . int . world of donut -- day moment later . Henry run into the store and stand there , panicked , look at hawkes , Buñuel and Mr Deng . gnoc run out to get fay . ext . world of donut -- day Henry and gnoc load fay into the van . the van pull out . int . van -- day Henry drive recklessly . fay roll around in the back . int . hospital corridor -- day fay be in a wheelchair be rush down the hall . she be grip Henry 's hand as he run along beside she . int . hospital delivery room -- day fay gasp and sweat as the Doctor and nurse prepare she . she be scared . she look over at ... Henry , look in through the window . he look scared too . fay be sedate by gas . Henry be take away by the nurse . fay stare up at the ceiling . int . hospital waiting room -- night Henry be asleep on a row of wait - room chair , exhaust . Simon come run up the hall and find he . it 's late and no one be around . he sit down beside Henry and shake he . Henry wake . henry Simon ? you be here . he sit up and Simon sit beside he . simon what happen ? henry ( cough ) it 's a boy . simon and fay ? henry she 's alright . Simon sit back , relieved . then he remember the rain -soak shopping bag he have with he . he pull out a couple of can of beer and hand one to Henry . henry thanks . they look around , seasoned conspirator and make sure the coast be clear . then they pop open the beer and toast . they drink . then ... henry how do it go ? Simon pause , scared , then get up and cross the room . he look out of the window and gather he strength . simon listen , Henry , angus James do not like you ' confession ' . Henry look at Simon blankly , then blink and look away . henry ah. I see . well , what now ? simon what do you mean ? henry do he suggest change ? silence . Simon come back and sit again . simon no . he do not . henry I mean , after all , there be thing I can do to make it more accessible . simon accessible ? henry I can soften up some of the language and make it read easier . take out some of the more intratextual reference and popularize the underlying sturm und drang , so to speak . I can change its mode . make it more of a conventional novel instead . Simon just stare at he blankly , then sigh and shake he head . simon no. do not . henry ( laugh ) oh , Simon , do not be such a purist ! I appreciate you protectiveness , but the integrity of the work give it a durability that can sustain such thing . Simon come over and lay he hand on Henry 's shoulder . simon no. really , Henry . do not . henry what be you say ; that it do not merit revision ? simon I be say ... angus James do not like it . he step away and sit . Henry pause , then approach and lean down over he . henry well , do you tell he what you think ? simon what I think do not matter . henry yes , it do . you have get to use you influence with he . simon I give it to he to read and he hate it . what more can I do ? henry you can refuse to let he publish you poem . simon I can not do that . henry you say you would . simon that be before I read you book . henry ( hit hard ) oh. simon ( look up at he ) I sign the contract , Henry . Henry stand there a moment longer , then lower himself into the nearest seat , weaken . simon look , Henry , what do you expect ? henry I ... I do not know . honesty , perhaps . simon ( indignantly ) look , if I have tell you , when at first I read it , that I think it be no good , what would you have do ? henry I would have respected you opinion . simon and insisted that there 's no accounting for taste . henry well , be there ? Simon 's word catch in he throat . he turn away , frustrated . simon I do not know . I do not bring it to angus because I think it be good . I bring it to angus because you be my friend . henry ( staggered ) oh how perfectly enormous of you , Simon . simon ( explode ) look , Henry , I do it ! I write . I write poetry because you tell I to ! I work ! I work while you sit back and comfortably dismiss the outside world as too shallow , stupid and mean to appreciate you idea . henry be that such a priority ? be that some sort of measure of a man 's worth ? to drag what 's best in he out into the street so every average slob with some pretense to taste can poke it with a stick ? simon ( sit , tired ) maybe . maybe it be . Henry just stare at he , stand , then turn on he heel and wave he off . henry you must be pretty impressed with yourself , huh ? the all too obviously talented new man , the important new voice , the early clue to a new direction , or whatever , etc. , etc. , etc ! a popular new trend conveniently package for the distract young herd ! you want to be like more than you know , Simon grim ! you would be nowhere without I and you know it . Simon hang he head , destroy . simon I be leave . Henry be scared all of a sudden . but he put on a defiant exterior . henry yes . it 's time you leave . he stand , drink and walk over to the window ... henry I see you for what you be in the beginning , Simon . I hold no grudge and I be certain you will , in time , leave some serious and small dent in this world . simon ( weakly ) the world be full of shit . Henry take advantage of Simon 's disillusionment and put on a big show of secure wisdom . henry the world be full of shit . it 's true . and you have to walk through it . that 's you part . I be sorry . but you be no good at it . perhaps I be not . perhaps I be not make to walk through shit . go on now . leave . do what you be good at . go . Simon sit there a moment , numb with grief . Henry , red in the face , stare at the floor . suddenly , Simon stand and walk out . Henry look up and watch he go . he can hardly believe it . he almost raise he voice and apologize , but can not . he lower he head again and cover he face with he hand , listen to Simon 's footstep recede through the hall . Simon walk on , away from we , down the hospital corridor . fade to black ext . STREET -- day Seven year later . fay bang out of the kitchen door with she seven - year - old son ned . frazzle and overworked , she grip a load laundry basket to she side as she sit ned down on the curb and point at he . fay play ! the kid sit still , obviously guilty of some unspeakable mischief , as fay storm back into the house . he look around , bored , then brighten up when he see ... Henry , come up the street , hang from the back of a garbage truck . int . the inferno -- day moment later . Henry enter with ned on he back and the bartender , Patty , go ballistic . patty Henry , what do I tell you about bring the kid in here ! henry say hello to Patty , ned . ned hi. she suddenly become all soft and cuddly . patty how you doin ' , sweetie ? you wanna Coke ? he nod and Henry stand he on a stool at the bar . henry so what do you learn at school today , ned ? anything ? he shake he head . henry here , I will teach you something . he hand ned a cigarette and light it for he . ned take a drag and cough . henry horrible , be not it ? ned nod in agreement . ned it burn . henry see . that will teach ya . here , sip this . and he offer the kid he whiskey . ext . the grim house -- day same time . fay come out of the house and look for she son . fay ned ! she come out to the street and look around . fay ned ! ext . vicky' house -- day fay come up look for ned and see ... Pearl , age fourteen , come out of vicky 's House . she be fourteen year old now . Warren step out the door and grab she by the arm . she shake he off . he slap she . she run down the step and glare back at he . warren ( point at she ) I be warning you , Pearl ! Pearl turn defiantly away and walk into the street . int . the inferno -- day same time . Henry be teach ned how to tip a topless dancer . a dancer stand on the bar and stretch she garter as ned slip a dollar bill in beneath it . henry that 's it . that 's it . perfect ! some other guy down the bar be read a newspaper ... bill hey , fool , it 's about you friend -- what 's he name . you brother - in - law . Henry look over . the guy , Bill , show he the article . henry what about he ? bill ( read ) the controversial and reclusive american poet Simon grim have be award the Nobel Prize in literature . the swedish Academy , who will confer the award late next week , praise Mr grim for work of great and difficult strive , for the rendering of the desperate , the ugly and the mundane in a language pack with we share human frailty ... henry God , they must be hard up for geniuse to pin medal on because , listen , I gotta tell you , when I first meet this guy he do not even know what a iambic pentameter be . bill he 's a fraud . henry keep a lid on it , Bill , you be outta you league . bill stir thing up so as to stay in the newspaper . that 's he racket . henry he 's a great american poet , you dumb fuck ! bill Poet , my ass ! I could puke all over a piece a loose leaf and be more profound than he be ! henry come over here and say that and I will cripple ya in three different way , you booz - up philistine ! fay Henry ! Henry and ned crouch and quiver -- catch . fay stride up to the bar and grab the kid . fay listen , you degenerate , I have have about enough of this ! ( smell ned 's breath ) ned , have you be drink ? the kid check with Henry then look back at fay and nod . fay look at she husband , outrage . henry ( explain ) his throat hurt from smoking . fay slap he across the face -- hard -- and the place go quiet . Henry shake he head clear and she poke he in the chest with she finger . fay Henry , do not come home tonight ! I be warning you ! do not come home at all ! ever ! and she storm out with the kid . Henry snap he jaw back into place , then look at Patty and Bill and shrug . he knock back he drink and motion for another . ext . world of donut -- night later ( evening ) . Henry stagger out of the back door of the inferno and come across Mr Deng sit against the wall of the store , watch the basketball game on a small tv. World of donut vibrate with loud music . henry who 's win ? mr deng nobody . Henry gesture to World of donut ... henry what 's go on in there ? mr deng we gotta have rock and ' roll show this day , Henry . the poetry reading just do not pay the bill no more . henry what do I tell you ! it be just a fad . I tell you that ! I tell everyone ! mr deng do you hear about Simon ? it be on the news today . henry yeah yeah yeah . so what ? a Nobel Prize . anybody can get one of they this day . that 's the problem , with this world , Mr Deng ... nobody 's get any standard anymore . you see fay ? mr deng you better sleep in my office tonight , Henry . she be very angry . you have gotta let she cool off . henry I can not sleep in there with that racket ! mr deng suit yourself . Henry consider he option , then ... int . garage -- night the place be abandon . Henry come in and , just as he be lay down to go to sleep on a old couch , find Pearl age fourteen . she be harden and disturb , but frequently vulnerable and scared ; a troubled kid . henry what be you do here , Pearl ? pearl you want some ? henry ( pause ) some what ? Pearl come towards he . he be kneel with he face at she crotch level when she reach he . she hold out a bottle of cheap rot - gut wine . realizing , he take it and drink . he wince . henry shit ! Pearl laugh and fall back onto the couch , she sweater hang off she shoulder and she skirt hike up and display she underwear . Henry stand and search for something to sit on . pearl come sit here . she pat the couch beside she . he come over , eyeing she carefully and sit . he hand back the bottle . she drink , wince and sit stare at the flame . pearl that 's what my dad always say . henry what ? pearl ( dead ) ' you want some ? ' Henry look away , uncomfortable . she slide she gaze over to he , they eye meet , and she pin he to the spot . pearl people say you be once in jail for have sex with a girl my age . henry that be a long time ago . he get up and stand at the window . Pearl age fourteen watch he closely as she drink , then ... pearl you want some ? he look over at she and she slide she coat off she shoulder . Henry be sweat . henry you oughta get outta here , Pearl . pearl I be here first . henry go home . pearl you go home . henry Fine . and he start to leave . but Pearl sit up ... pearl ( scared ) wait ! Henry stop and look back at she . pearl ( hang she head ) I can not go home . henry ( concerned ) why not ? pearl he beat she up again . Henry hold he head , try to sober up . he look around the room , then focus on the girl . henry Warren beat up you mom ? Pearl stare at the floor . she glance over at he , then back down at the bottle grip in she hand . she nod . Henry pause , then come across the room , lowering himself tentatively to the couch . henry be she alright ? she say nothing for a moment , then ... pearl ( sadly ) do you think I be pretty ? Henry lift he hand and cover he face . he look up at the ceiling and sigh . he return to Pearl ... henry do she need help ? Pearl reach over and grab he thigh . look up at he , with tear roll down she face , she suggest ... pearl I will suck you cock if you kill he for I . Henry jump away from she and Pearl throw herself down on the couch , cover she face . int . vicky' house -- night moment later . Henry barge in and start search for ... henry vicky ! vicky , it 's Henry from across the street ! vicky ! he run through the house , check the room . he throw open the door to the bedroom and find ... vicky , sit on the edge of the bed , smoking . she have a black eye and a swollen cheek . henry ( take back ) vicky ? vicky ( stand ) what do you think you be do , you idiot ! warren ( off ) hey ! Henry look over and see Warren stumble drunkenly out of the bathroom . what be you do in my house ? henry ( to vicky ) it 's about Pearl . vicky look troubled . she sit back down with a sigh . vicky mind you own business , Henry . warren ( shove he ) yeah , who the hell do you think you be , anyway ? Henry fall back and look at vicky . she look away . Henry look at Warren , pause , then give he a sharp , hard shove . Warren stand back against the wall , pause , then erupt into viciousness . he grab Henry and throw he violently down the hall , where he hit the wall and collapse . as Henry get to he knee , Warren kick he in the rib . Henry curl up and roll out on to the kitchen floor . Warren kick he in the side of the head . vicky sit back down on the bed , cover she ear . Warren beat the hell out of Henry , kick he in the face and rib whenever he manage to get up on he hand and knee . Henry crawl under the kitchen table for safety . Warren grab he foot and drag he out . as he be drag across the floor , Henry find a screwdriver and grab it . he roll over on he back as ... Warren lunge down at he again and ... warren ah . Warren be stab in the heart . Henry can not believe it . Warren can not believe it . he stand there in the middle of the kitchen , amaze , with the screwdriver stick out of he chest . Henry , semi-conscious and severely beat , fall against the back door and cough up a few of he tooth . vicky step into the hall from she room and shudder . Warren sit at the table , stunne . he look from the screwdriver to vicky , then ... warren fuck . he fall to the floor . ext . street -- night Henry stagger away , limping . he come to the intersection at the end of the block and do not know which way to run . panicked , he look round , hold he arm to he chest . he run towards the highway . int . police station -- night later . fay be wire beyond belief . try to listen attentively , but still too overwhelm to maintain she concentration . lawyer ( off ) it be true you husband serve seven year in prison for statutory rape . fay yes . it be . lawyer and when be that ? fay that be ... I dunno. Fifteen ... sixteen year ago . lawyer and when be you marry ? fay we be marry seven year ago . lawyer be you aware at all of the victim 's relationship with he daughter ? fay pardon I ? lawyer the girl , the daughter , Pearl . she have be have sexual relation with she father . fay be overwhelm . fay I do not know that . no . lawyer Pearl claim she offer you husband sexual favor if he would kill she father . fay just look at he blankly , overwhelm , confuse . she start to cry quietly . lawyer I be just repeat what she say , Mrs fool . the victim 's wife , vicky , claim you husband break into the house and forcefully enter she bedroom . fay tremble and catch she breath try to take this all in . a cop hand she some tissue . she take they and try to concentrate on what the lawyer say . lawyer fay , I know this be not easy . but we need you help here . the girl claim she ask you husband to kill she father in exchange for , well , I guess the promise of sexual relation with she . int . police station corridor -- night later . fay stagger out into the noisy corridor and rest against the wall . look down the hall she see ... Pearl and vicky , sit in a blank , brightly light room beyond a glass door . fay come closer and look in at they . they do not see she . they stare at the floor before they , daze and confuse . int . the grim house -- day Morning . fay be lie on she bed with she coat still on , try to think . ned stand by the side of the bed , watch she . ned Mom ? fay yeah . ned where 's dad ? fay I do not know , honey . leave I alone a minute , I gotta think . he pick at the bedspread and look at the ceiling , then ... ned Mom ? fay what ! ned be dad in trouble ? fay yes , ned , he be . he 's in big trouble . now just be quiet for two minute . he walk around to the other side of the bed and wait a moment before ... ned Mom ? fay I be warning you , ned . ned Mom , can I be a mailman when I grow up ? fay sit up , pause and study she son . fay sure you can , honey . you can be anything you want . ned be happy to hear this . he shuffles out of the room and fay fall back on the bed . int . the grim house kitchen -- day moment later . ned come into the kitchen and dig through the drawer beneath the sink . he find a envelope . he read the return address : chelsea Hotel , New York City . ext . subway -- day ned approach the subway station and climb the stair to the platform . ext . subway platform -- day moment later . ned run up the stair to the elevate platform just as a train pull into the station . he run down a few car and hop in as the door slide open . int . train -- day ned ride the train to New York City . ext . subway stop -- day twenty minute later . he come up out of the subway on to the street , look around . int . HOTEL lobby -- day he come into the hotel and ring a annoying buzzer which bring out the concierge , who be in he little office , watch tv . concierge yeah , what do you want ? ned my uncle . concierge what 's he name ? ned Simon grim . the concierge look through he book as ned wait . concierge there be not no one here by that name . ned pull the envelope from he pocket , unfold it and show it to the concierge . ned room 423 . the concierge study the envelope and hand it back . concierge this be post mark five year ago . disappointed , ned take back the envelope and stand look at he sneaker . concierge what do he look like ? ned ( hopeless ) I do not know . concierge sorry , kid . can not help ya . ned step away from the front desk and move towards the door . but then he stop and look back at ... the concierge , sit back in he office , return he attention to the tv set . the boy head for the elevator . the concierge look up and see he . concierge ( jump up ) hey ! ned check he step and run for the service stair . the concierge go after he . int . HOTEL staircase -- day moment later . ned run up the stair , the concierge in pursuit . int . HOTEL corridor -- day moment later . ned jump out into the hall , narrowly escape the clutches of the concierge , who fall to the floor . ned run up the hall , check the room number as the concierge get to he foot . he find ... room 423 . he knock . the concierge stride up the hall towards he . ned knock again . the concierge bear down upon he . he knock again and ... the door open a crack , hold by its safety chain . a female figure in silhouette be at the narrow gap . ned look from the door to the concierge approach . the concierge arrive and reach out for he , but the door open wide and ned dive in . int . HOTEL room 423 -- day same time . the concierge stand in the hallway . the door swing shut in he face . ned kneel on the floor of the hotel room , wait to be smack , or something . but when nothing happen , he open he eye and look back over he shoulder at ... Laura , the secretary from the publishing house . she be dress for travel and have she coat hang over she arm , a suitcase in she hand . she smile at he , then look from the boy to someone across the room and ... ned follow she gaze to find ... Simon , stand there before he , a suitcase in he hand as well . he look down at ned with a calm , intrigue expression . the boy look up at he in awe . Simon step forward , pause , then ... simon get up off you knee . he do . ext . world of donut -- day a taxi pull up . Simon and ned climb out and Laura lean out of the window . LAURA promise I you will be on that plane at seven , Simon . simon I will see you in stockholm . they kiss . the taxi pull away . Simon come down beside ned , take the boy by the shoulder and whisper in he ear . the kid take off . Simon look over at World of donut and see gnoc wait there at the door . ext . behind world of donut -- day gnoc lead Simon out through the kitchen . a band be see do a sound check , inside . Buñuel and hawkes be wait there , look concerned . Simon give Buñuel he passport . Buñuel nod and leave . hawkes and gnoc open the cellar door . int . world of donut basement -- day moment later . Simon be lead down the stair and stop . he look on in horror at ... Henry , lie on a makeshift bed , badly beat up and weak . Mr Deng be wrapping he chest in bandage . Simon pause , then come closer . he reach out and touch Henry 's shoulder , stand there look down at he friend . Henry look up at he , pause and then gesture vaguely with he hand . henry look , Simon , the world 's a scary place . I admit it . but it 's not my fault . I swear ! Simon think about this and look away . simon I be sorry , Henry . henry do not be . you have thing to do . simon so do you . Henry think about that , sigh and look away . int . the grim house -- day fay pack up the many book of the ' confession ' into one of the old suitcase Henry first come to town with . she slam it shut . ext . the grim house -- day ned run along the street and stop at the police car . he point down the street with great urgency . the cop jump in they car and take off . he then look over at ... fay , leave the house with Henry 's suitcase . ext . world of donut back alley -- day same time . Buñuel back he car into the alley behind World of donut . stepping out of the car he hand Simon back the passport . Simon check it and then look up to see ... Father hawkes and Mr Deng help Henry outside . come out into the daylight , he straighten up and manage to walk on he own . he motion ned over and lean down to the kid with difficulty . henry gotta light ? ned do . he have he own Zippo lighter and he proudly light he dad 's cigarette . Henry smoke , hug ned , then lean back and pause . finally ... henry take care of you mom and do not start trouble you can not finish . ned nod and Henry pat he on the shoulder . then he stand before fay and look at he foot . with she arm fold across she chest and she hip cocked , she tap she foot impatiently and wait for he last line of crap . henry I love you , fay . fay ( roll she eye ) yeah , well , tough . but then she look at he and soften . he lean in and kiss she passionately on the mouth . moment later , they all help Henry into Buñuel 's car and Simon get in behind the wheel . the door slam shut and Simon steer the car slowly up the alley . Henry gaze out at fay run along beside the car with the rest of the neighborhood , some of they laugh , some of they cry ... ext . airport terminal -- day Simon pull up at the curb and jump out . he help Henry climb out and together they enter the terminal . int . airline ticket counter -- day moment later . Henry step up . airline ticket clerk passport and ticket , please . Henry hand they over . he glance back at ... Simon , wait . the clerk compare Henry to the picture in the passport , check again , then ... airline ticket clerk ( recognize ) it 's a honor to meet you , Mr grim . really . I mean , god. congratulation on the Nobel Prize . henry thanks . airline ticket clerk I know all you work by heart . it change my life . henry yeah , well . look , thanks , but .. airline ticket clerk yes . of course . she type something more into the computer , then look up urgently . airline ticket clerk you will have to hurry , sir . they be hold the plane for you on the runway . int . airport gate -- day moment later . airline representative come rush up with walkie-talky to meet Henry and Simon as they run through the terminal . airline rep # 1 this way , please , this way ! this way , Mr grim ! this way ! Excuse I ! as they be ushere up towards the gate , Henry stop and look off at the security guard and ground crew wait for he , certain they can spot he as a want criminal . simon ( shove he ) go on . Henry be ushere through security . they take he ticket and check he passport again . they take he suitcase and place it on the conveyor belt . he pass through the metal detector . they pass the metal detector wand over he and he stand there with he hand outstretch , as ... Simon wait and watch . the suitcase roll out from the x- ray machine and as Henry grab it , he stop and look across the security checkpoint at ... Simon , stand there . he step forward anxiously . Henry linger , speechless , but the airline representative be at he side ... airline rep Mr grim , please , the plane be wait ! we have to hurry ! they drag he away , but Henry look back as ... Simon stop and watch . ext . airport runway -- day moment later . the plane be wait out on the asphalt and the airline representative run straight for it , call back over she shoulder to Henry ... airline rep this way , Mr grim ! this way ! runway technician rush to they position , but Henry hang back and struggle across the tarmac , look back over he shoulder at ... Simon , behind the huge plate glass window of the terminal . he stop and wait . Simon raise he hand in farewell and ... Henry raise he in reply . then Simon , unheard behind the gigantic glass wall , silent amongst the roar of the runway , say ... simon ( unheard ) run. and Henry understand . he lower he hand , wait just a moment , then turn and look out at ... the airplane . the airline representative be shouting at he from the foot of the stair and wave he on with she walkie- talkie . he glance back once more at Simon . then ... Henry be run , struggle towards we , force himself towards the plane , get stronger and run faster with every step he take . CUT to black the end