her smell by Alex Ross perry April 15th 2018 draft author 's note / this quote do not appear in the movie '' axl be like a magnet for problem . I have never meet anybody like he . he 's the kind of guy that would get a toothbrush stick down he throat because that particular toothbrush happen to be defective . I mean , shit go on with that guy . '' - slash " you have be ruin my life since I meet you . " - blake schwarzenbach , during jawbreaker 's break up . bow+tarrow entertainment faliro House interlude # 1 ( 5 year ago grainy vhs home movie footage : Becky , mari and Ali be laugh , happy , young , giddy and supportive . all reach aggressively for a copy of spin magazine , tear it in excitement , laugh , smile . the camera zoom in on it . you see the cover : the three of they be on it . headline read : '' something she . back and ready to conquer . '' becky what have we here ? oh just some bullshit magazine . mari there 's the infamous Becky something , Ali van der wolff and the craggy witch marielle Hell . back and ready to conquor . ali Major label corporate whore ! sell out bitch get on the cover of magazine ! becky oh , be that I ? mari would you sign out magazine for we please ? becky that 's I . on my magazine cover . we look pretty cool . mari it 's pretty fuckin’ cool . beam , laugh , smile . not the good time : great Times . act one : blue&green / steadicam ( the present ) int . the venue , behind the stage - night 1 this be a story that hum like neon and move like electricity and reverberate like a echo . light flash : disorient , rhythmic and eerie . they bring with they cheer ( all female voice ) . the strobing light slow down enough to illuminate three hard woman . they stand in a battle - ready position , bath in different color light from every direction , blink on / off . a electric haze of mismatch bulb , sign , spotlight , reflection consolidate into a haze of color . the crowd 's chant be rise and rise . crowd becky . becky . becky . becky . Center : becky something . peroxide blonde , smear everything on she face from the precede hour of show . sweaty hair smashed to forehead . glitter all over she face . Becky something be a rock goddess near the end of she reign at the top . you can see in she glassy half - go eye that Becky be doped up . Becky tick she head back and forth in rhythm to people chant she name , close she eye , really dig it , throw up a pair of middle finger to the lady flanking she . becky ( under breath , quietly ) I always flirt with death . on one side : marielle hell . bass . ( mari , casually . ) mari be super chill , dark , mysterious , smoking , half the mess that Becky be and with none of the hang up . the long term relationship with she girlfriend be proof that she can succeed as a fun time drug user rock star where Becky cannot . the other side : ali van der wolff . drum . dependable , sane , sober . Ali keep the rhythm and the band on track . she handle business while mari and Becky be use . Ali be fun , devoid of she partner darkness and perpetually have that joy deny she by the sink ship she be stick on , with no life preserver . becky ( cont 'd ) ( under breath / half - sing ) I always flirt with death . the crowd still chant and when the fever pitch have be reach , Becky , Ali and mari storm the stage to cheer . encore time at last . Becky step into the spotlight , a halo form around she from the bright hair . all three have fan blow they hair , add to the dramatic effect . behind they be a banner with the band 's name and logo : something she . the venue , the stage — continuous 2 becky it 's not over . no. I be not fuckin’ finish . you know this one . ( more ) becky ( cont 'd ) you love it . you want it . I always flirt with death ! ( sing , no backup ) I always flirt with death . I look ill but I do not care about it . Becky look to Ali and mari , Ali give a drumstick countdown . Becky take it from the top . Rough , raw and beautiful : grind rock sung with feminine aggression . crowd go nut . ( it be ' another girl , another Planet 's by the only one . ) becky ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) I always flirt with death I look ill but I do not care about it I can face you threat and stand up straight and tall and shout about it I think I be on another world with you with you . I be on another planet with you you get under my skin I do not find it irritate you always play to win but I will not need rehabilitate oh no I think I be on another world with you with you I be on another planet with you . another girl . another planet . another girl . another planet . Becky 's drugge out / stage adrenaline euphoria be a thing to behold as she sing , snarl and wail on she guitar . mari look cool as anything , cigarette dangle as she play bass . becky ( cont 'd ) Space travel 's in my blood there be not nothing I can do about it Long journey wear I out but I do not care anything about it . I think I be on another world with you with you I be on another planet with you . another girl , who ’se loving you now ? another planet , be hold you down . another planet . here , on stage , you see the extent to which Becky fancy herself a god . not a rock god ( dess ) but a actual , untouchable , invincible god . 4 . Becky be way lose in she illusion but the band sound great . she hold it together when get sloppy and she miss a note or word here or there . the song end and Becky drop she guitar . screech feedback wail as the crowd go nut and she stumble , dizzy and headsick , off the stage bang into thing and collide with the wall and twirling . ( feedback continue .... ) the venue , backstage - continuous 3 follow from behind as Becky stumble down a long , fluorescent light corridor with hum and buzzing light everywhere and the ringing of feedback and crowd sound fade slowly , though the feedback linger because it 's in she head too . Becky be light head from a combination of exhaustion , a head rush , adrenaline all augment with dope . kat , a assistant , appear from nowhere to give she water and a towel to wipe face and sweat . she use it to half deliberately smear she makeup even further . Becky give no fuck . you see the way the silent assistant treat Becky : eggshell at all time . Becky throw the towel at kat as mari catch up , give they a know nod and flick she cigarette away . kat be go like a whisp of smoke as mari and Becky duck into a dress room that say ' something she 's on the door and close it mostly , open just a crack . mari I be a free woman . no more fuckin’ tour . ( ref : Wayne 's World ) Party time ! becky excellent ! mari right this way my pretty . Ali catch up to the door and look in the crack , watch she bandmate pour booze and remove little foil package of drug . Ali brushes she own sweaty hair back as kat reappear with a bottle of water . clean live Ali . kat be now also hold a baby of like 1 1 / 2 . she stand next to Ali and peer into the door crack as well . Ali look away from the door to kat , at the baby , full of agonizing sadness for the life Becky have create for it . ali sorry , kat . I will take she . do she eat ? kat a hour ago . Ali hold Becky 's baby , lovingly , tenderly . ali hello baby . mommy 's busy right now so aunt Ali 's gonna play with you . kat hand over some form , paperwork . kat the venue need this sign . ali I will handle it . Ali stick a arm out and kat wedge they under . Ali walk with the baby to the next dress room down . the venue , ali 's dressing room - continuous 4 Ali catch she reflection in the mirror and put down the paperwork . it 's clear that the sight of herself hold a baby give she a rise and she hold for a moment . it 's a quiet lull before Hurricane Becky storm in just as Ali start to sign the official form on behalf of the band . Ali see Becky come in to this room via the mirror and now Becky be twice as gauzy as before and have a half crazy half disorient look on she face as she go right for the baby . becky there 's my little princess tama . momma miss you . momma miss you ! Ali instinctually hesitates , hold the baby away which make Becky give she a confuse , lose look but then it pass and Ali hand the baby to Becky , who deeply love she . Becky hold tama , kiss she , but Becky herself be such a sloppy look mess that as Ali step back to watch it , there 's something painfully tragic and hopeless about this mess up madonna and child tableau that Ali want to scream . becky ( cont 'd ) there she be , the princess . Danny bring she ? ali I do not know . kat have she . becky Danny 's not here ? ali have not see he . becky do he not see the show and be ya - ema here ? ali beck . c’mon . I do not know . Becky be mile a minute . Ali have to keep up . here 's the pattern with Becky : she have next to no idea about the world around she , she awareness be dim and nothing get through . kat enter . nervous , always ready to be yell at . kat there you be . becky here the fuck be I but where 's Danny 's where 's ya-ema ? kat Danny 's say goodbye to people . Ali have form the venue want sign - becky and be she with he ? kat she be . becky ( to nobody ) I want she away from my kid . ( as if a new girlfriend be worse than this squalor . ) becky ( cont 'd ) now be he gonna come pick she up tonight or be I suppose to or what 's happen because we have that thing tomorrow so he will have to come pick she up first thing in the ay - em . ( yell ) ya- ema ! you here ? show yourself ! kat I assume you work it out with he . becky that 's not true . that 's not true . I have not work it out . that 's not true . a impose , strikingly handsome black man appear in the room . he be ya - ema , Becky 's shaman / spiritual guru of indistinct belief . he be dress in mystical way : a big amulet around he neck , some sort of a curious hat . becky ( cont 'd ) ya - ema , darling ! Becky need guidance . ya-ema ( nodd , confident ) Dymoke prepare . becky ( to Ali ) time to exit this realm for a spell . if you see anything you identify as a pollutant to the energy of this space we mortal husk occupy let we know so we can purge it while we have all the tool and the know how to save we . ya - ema onward ! c’mere tama . they exit , ya - ema and Ali give a distrust look . Becky be not make sense , obviously , and the casualness with which she carry tama make Ali and kat really nervous . kat what 's he deal ? ali she call he ya - ema but I think he real name be Alvin . we call he sauron . the venue , becky 's dressing room - that same moment 5 Becky have tama down in a chair and be at the mirror , look at herself with total satisfaction . not a ' what be I do mess up on drug while I have my baby ?' moment . Becky half wipe and make messier - therefor - cooler she makeup . glitter in she hair and everything now . pretty rad look , actually . behind she , ya - ema 's helper dymoke have arrange the make of a seance with burn thing , a pot of some witch - like origin , crystal , potion , thing to drink . the work . the origin of they belief be vague . voodoo ? Zulu ? flim flam . 8. Becky sit and we have a pause , a lull for a eternal three second . ya - ema hold out a hand to she . ya-ema the item ? Becky produce a photograph and a item of jewelry . ya - ema hand they to Dymoke who place they at the center of the ceremonial table . this shit be weird . Dymoke rub some sort of powder on the object and light candle around they . dymoke we purge the essence of invasive force from this place . Becky close she eye and take ya - ema 's hand . she busy whatever this be 110 % . she be focus and at peace . this peace be ruin by a knock / enter which stir she and in walk danny and a young pretty girl name tiffany . becky what 's she do here , can not you see this be a fuck religious ceremony and you have to respect that ? Danny do not respect or buy ya - ema at all . he ignore he . danny good show tonight . becky you be a liar . you do not see it . tiffany do not call people liar , Becky , unless you know they be lie . becky I be sorry be anybody speak to you lil 's miss tiff -a-knee ? Tiffany . Tiffany ! I can not believe you be raise we daughter around a woman name Tiffany . tiff - ant the pissant . tiffany you be a angel . becky true . it 's all true ! ( stick tongue out , make a thhhhhp noise ) danny can you excuse we ? becky Excuse we , tiff . Tiffany look at the seance table . she pick up the photograph and hold it : it be of she . tiffany the fuck ... where do you get this ? dymoke ya - ema request item to envision the purity of people whose auras we must to investigate before mistress Becky allow they around the child . tiffany ( to Danny ) be this for real ? danny ( hemming and haw ) ... it 's important that she feel safe when tama be with we . that 's all . tiffany so you put a curse on I ? becky we do not curse you yet and we probably will not unless ya - ema see something in the smoke that you he do not like . tiffany this be sick . you be sick . danny that 's not help . just - can you just - give we a minute . becky ( like a game show host ) gooooooccodbye tiffaneeeeee ! Tiffany exit swiftly , super angry , and Becky throw a fist full of snack at the wall behind she . danny do not be such a cunt , beck . 10 . becky c-u-n-t ! everyone 's accuse I ! ( to the tune of the ramone '' d-u -m-b / everyone 's accuse I '' from ' pinhead 's ) Danny go to tama , rub she head lovingly and lower by she side . Becky be way zonk and get tired . the rush of finish a show and the rush of drug after finish a show wind down . ya - ema and Dymoke sit like statue , watch , quietly . ya - ema nod once . this be all you can get from he . dymoke we must resume the ritual . becky yeah we must so what can we do ya for , dan-o ? danny I want you to see she . it should not be this difficult . becky why would I want to see Tiffany ? yuck ! ( barfing noise ) danny see you child . unless you have rather walk out on she , too . in which case - Becky bumble to tama . Danny lift she before Becky arrive . danny ( cont 'd ) how can you let yourself be like this around she ? becky ( real loopy ) listen man I be work and you would say Tuesday not Friday which so how be I suppose to keep track if you keep change you mind ? danny I think you have want to see she before go to Europe . becky you-rup I - rup we all rup for eu-rope . 11 . Becky be move around , take off accessory and piece of theatricality from the show . she do not hold still at all as she kick off boot , de layer sweaty dirty clothing . within a minute of this quite serious conversation , she 's down to a bra , necklace , tight pants . ya - ema and Dymoke respect she ritual and face forward , completely unmove from the direction of the table . danny oh. I forget . you be not go to Europe . do you know that ? becky of course I know . danny you do not act like I be wrong when I say it . becky I be testing you there 's no european tour I have know if there be . danny you would ? becky because I have have pack a bag which as you can see clearly I have not . Becky motion to a area on the floor that , to she total confusion and surprise , do contain a pack bag . becky ( cont 'd ) whoooooa . what 's that ! danny you be a mess . becky no you be a mess . no you be a mess . danny okay Becky . instead of engage , Becky have begin reapplying she makeup in the mirror because with the show over , she be on she way to the after party all night . mari enter , nearly as buzze as Becky but not quite . at least , she wear it better . her girlfriend , lauren , be with she and she look incredibly stylish in a non rock n roll way . more slick . they be wrap around one another . 12 . mari Danny boy . ( sing ) the pipe the pipe be call . from glenn to glenn and down the mountain siiiiiide . danny mari . you seem ... well . he be wryly joke because she be all fuck up too . but she outfit ( change from the show , ready to party ) and general demeanor be sharper and more hip than messy Becky . lauren we ready to rock ? Becky have put on a ' clean 's top ( stain / tatter ) and be do something to she hair which could be call abuse . becky Laurie baby ! we just finish rock . rocking and a roll ! the only problem be I do not get to visit the other place with ya - ema because ol 's dan-o come in and interrupt my spiritual journey it be postpone so we have still get that to tend to because you know that I be not myself if I do not get a moment to visit other reality where the fuck be my lighter . Danny hurt to see this . he hold tama close . Becky be barely present on this plane of reality right now . danny ( to mari ) why would you let she do this ? mari not the fuckin’ baby sitter , mate . becky why ? why ? b-e-c -k - whyyyy ? because I gotta ! mari hey man do not discriminate against whatever give people spiritual balance . that 's like f-f-fucked up . becky hello exactly ! 13. Becky hi-five Dymoke . ya - ema leave she hang for a second before give a reluctant hi-five . mari slide for a hi-five . danny you will hate yourself forever if you miss this year with she . lauren heavy shit , dirtbag Danny . danny nobody call I that anymore . mari ( mock radio dj voice ) this be the night show with dj dirtbag Danny , play all the dirty nasty rock you can only hear after dark ! danny Becky . Becky ? mari go to Becky to show off / examine something secret in mari 's little drug carry pouch . Danny , disgust by this affront to responsibility , take tama and exit the dress room and we follow he . lauren be ice cold when he look to she for some support or validation . she shrug , blankly . the venue , corridor —- continuous 6 Danny walk down the corridor look for Tiffany . the door to Ali 's dress room be open . he stick he head in . Ali be do she balanced post show ritual : wash she face with scrub , drink a warm herbal tea and other treatment for a quality exhaust life . she too have change from she show outfit to something more sloppy and casual , but still very cool and stylish . the form be sign and neatly back in they folder , which kat be exite with as Danny land . danny hey . the venue , ali ’‘s dressing room - continuous 7 Danny linger in the door . danny you see Tiffany ? ali just you , Danny boy . 14 . Danny step in , carry stress and negativity with he body . ali ( cont 'd ) you should not come around and see she like this . danny what choice do I have ? I be the loser who always crawl back . ali twice she fire I from this tour and forget about it the next morning . we all crawl back . danny how much do she pay the shaman ? ali we be not sure . in all likelihood , the answer would upset you and I both . danny how 's business ? ali Euro tour 's cancel . but I guess you already know that . they be open the vault for a ep or something . danny she 's gonna fuck this up for all of we . it do not end well . ali do not be so negative , dude . what 's it about ? you need cash ? danny tama need more than I can give . Becky have to take responsibility . they share a brief , quiet moment . Ali look at tama , who she really do love . her hand reach out slowly . ali May I ? Danny offer tama to Ali , the opposite of protect she around Becky . 15 . ali ( cont 'd ) Howard might cancel the date we be hold for the new record . he know we be not ready . danny what do that mean ? ali it mean I hope you have get a plan B to put this one in private school . danny she in breech ? do I need to talk to somebody ? ali we lawyer 's get it all sort . I dunno . no one 's really expect much of she at this point . Ali sit down with tama . weary , from the show and cradle tama 's head , lovingly . Danny get close , and the two of they , hold tama , it 's almost like a portrait of a actual functional family . Ali catch Danny look at she and think this very think . her look let on a lot : before Becky , Ali and Danny be involved . there 's a linger here . Ali break away . danny she hand I my walk papers and seven month later hand I tama . ever since then my life 's be a nightmare . in some way . ali um , wow . heavy , man . my fault . I think you two would be a match make in heaven . danny do not listen to I . I should not be here . ali dj dirtbag Danny use to roll hard . danny do not desire be a damn dirtbag come forty . I be put down root for my daughter . I buy wabk for she future . 16 . ali they be open the vault for a ep or something . sorry , do I say that already ? because you know , a contract be a contract ? danny ' lies 's be deeply underrate . ali you use to love she . Becky enter , forcefully . it 's obvious that in the interval , she take another hit of something strong and unnecessary to repair she lag energy . she be not do so well with stand up straight and be giddy , light head and daffy . she look at tama like tama be the devil . becky I want she out of here . Danny sort of block she from get to tama . becky ( cont 'd ) hey get the fuck outta my way . danny Christ beck , do not talk like that . what 's get into you ? becky she have to go . she have to go now . danny you can not be serious . Dymoke and ya- ema enter , obviously have have to chase Becky . becky we see it in the smoke . ' the child will be you downfall . 's tell they , ya- ema . tell they what you saw !! she be shriek . ya - ema look afraid , like he have lose control of Becky . he look at Danny with calm eye . ya-ema I do not decree this . 17 . becky you do you do you do you do ! you see a prophecy and when we be in the other place you tell I that the child will be my downfall so we have get a light stick a dyn-o-mite that need toss out the tank . danny this be you child you be talk about . please . be reasonable . Becky grab for tama and Danny see the fear and insanity in she eye . it 's nutty . he protect tama . danny ( cont 'd ) can we take a minute ? ya - emu , calm she down somehow ? do whatever it be you do . ya - ema and Dymoke come to Becky , apprehensive , but it 's clear she trust they . they hold she head . she close she eye and fall back into they arm . they carry she to the couch and lay she down . there 's silence , and people wonder if the worst be over . calm for a moment . dymoke mistress Becky ! look at my ting . Becky look at he amulet and then breath deep and slowly . dymoke ( cont 'd ) tell we what you see . becky I see the void of eternity . ya-ema ( chant ) ammmmmm nahhhhhhh . ammmmmm nahhhhhbhh . Becky open she eye and sit up . it 's insane : like she be a different person . still mess up but fear of tama be go . becky ( to tama ) hello baby . mommy miss you . Danny look at Becky like she be dangerous . he do not know how to proceed deal with she right now . he try normal . 18 . danny Ali say you be do a ep instead of a full record . becky yeah who know I mean it might not even happen . like it probably will not work out or anything even though some of the ' 92 session we dig up be powerful and maybe a track or two from earlier that I have forget . Becky pull Ali down into she lap . her energy be all over the place and totally toxic to Danny and Ali . ya - ema and Dymoke be in a trance , as if try to control Becky 's mind . enter howard goodman , the manager , ( 50 ) . his life be define by try to stay afloat and stay one step ahead . becky ( cont 'd ) Howard . how - ard you tonight ? good show huh ? howard they love you . and I love that they love you . Danny . what 's happen ? danny holding it together . you would not understand . sarcasm . they both sort of nod like , yeah , right , ha ha . howard Becky , Zelda be wait . becky ah fuck it I forget . what 's that bitch want ? mari and lauren enter . mari easy now . becky stuck up holier than thou too good for it all wench . lauren why do not you tell we how you really feel ? 19 . becky yeah whatever what do she want ? howard Express regards . cheer . celebratory remark ? she say you be great tonight . becky do she come only with fuck obvious thing I already know or what of course I be great I be always great so do not be late . howard I believe I see she with a olive branch . would I lead you astray ? becky ( roll she eye ) nooooo howarrrrd you would not . howard do it for I . she 's not lie . you be great tonight . Becky look to ya- ema and Dymoke for consultation . dymoke she bring negativity . becky you see ! what be Zelda E. Zekial come and do here anyways come backstage at we show when where I be spend qual - ah- tee time with my family and demand a audience ? ali chill out with that , okay girl ? Zelda 's alright . becky okay fine I have decide to go . where be she Howard , and while we be on the topic can you please tell I be we do that recording at R- trax like last time because I can not get a straight answer on the matter . Becky prance about triumphantly when say this last part . the room be cramped : Ali , mari , lauren , Becky , Danny , tama , Howard . 20 . all obstacle for Becky to shimmy around and out of the room . everybody follow she like the pied piper except ya - ema and Dymoke , who we leave behind for now . howard of course . anything you need . Becky throw she arm around Howard as they exit the room . the venue , corridor —- continuous 8 becky that 's because you understand I do not you ! I can not count on anybody cah-rist what kind of world be this where we do not even have the straight information about whether or not we be like make a album nobody be help I write or some E fuck p with just I do not know , a acoustic guitar ? can somebody please help dear Howard and give I a answer and please make it a honest one ! howard let 's say hello to Zelda and I x11 confirm this while you be with she . she 's excited to see everybody . becky we be all go ? why do not you say so ! I do not wanna do it alone . to I , my X - woman ! Becky lead mari ( sort of digging this ) and Ali ( die inside ) down the corridor . lauren follow . Howard stop a way back with Danny . stay with they as the lady walk away . howard to you right then on the leave . becky to the right and to the leave and to the right and to the leave ... Howard , Danny and tama . quiet after a whirlwind . deep breath . danny I wish I have you patience . howard I be a communicator . I communicate . how 's she do ? 21 . he lovingly pat tama . danny good . she 's good . howard how're you do ? danny she turn she back and walk away ninety nine time . I need a even hundred . you ever have a bad habit you just can not quit ? howard no . but hey : you know who do ? they both laugh . a sad , tender moment between the man who suffer for Becky . Howard 's eye be full of empathy . howard ( cont 'd ) anything I can do ? danny help she . that 's 1ll help I . Howard look down the hall at where Zelda 's room be . howard I be try . I be always try . the venue , GREEN room - that same moment 9 Becky , Ali and mari burst into a room with snack and whatnot . in it be zelda E. zekial , smoking , look cool and fashionable . she face down the three amigo in the door ( lauren hang back just a little ) . Becky enter dance , annoyingly sing a song . mari clap for the beat . Zelda be in with the cool crowd , the art crowd . ( like kate Bush / St. Vincent / pj harvey . ) her hair be outrageous and exciting and she makeup be glam . Becky resent she deeply . becky ( clap ) miss ezekial do not get no bone ... ezekial do not get no tone ... and here 's the word of the lord . well the finger bone connect to the hand bone ( middle finger up , mari join in sing now ) ( more ) 22 . becky ( cont 'd ) the hand bone 's connect to the fuck bone the fuck bone 's connect to the butt bone . ( Becky aggressively rub she butt on and around Zelda 's head / shoulder . ) and that 's the turd of the lord . Zelda brushes Becky 's butt away and fix she awesome hair . zelda great show , beck . becky easy for you to say from the comfort of that chair . Zelda look down , bum that this be go to be one of '' that '' Becky conversation . zelda lady . brilliant work . Ali give Zelda a friendly hug / air kiss hello . mari give she a much more intimate kiss . they be briefly a thing . ali hey there babe . mari Zee Zee. sweetie . this be lauren , my love . zelda you be a beauty . lauren c’mon . mari 's tell I all about you . becky I can just go if you all want some alone time . ali hey , chill . becky I agree let 's all of we just take it down a notch and take stock of the situation . Becky sit , mockingly overly proper and business like . 23. becky ( cont 'd ) Zelda darling what to do we owe the pleasure of you visitation ? zelda you guy be killer . the new shit for myself . Zelda be cool as a cucumber and cold as ice . drag she cigarette . mari what have ya think ? zelda I be green with envy . mari thanks , doll . Becky jump up and start rummage around the snack area and lightly stuff she face . zelda Howard say that you guy be almost wrapping this one up -- becky yeah I do not know . whatever . I be not really feel the stage life right now , ya get I ? I dunno why do you ask . zelda ( eye at mari and Ali ) I have get a string of date come up . want to see if guy would be interested in join . pregnant pause . Becky freeze . mari and Ali brace for impact . becky um I dunno Z-grade . what , you mean like open act for you ? hardly make sense do not ya think ? what be this , six year ago ? oh wait if it be six year ago you have be open for M. E. I and you 'oe be try to run off with this one . point to mari . no shame . Becky be buzzing about like a nervous bird , touch everything and move thing around . 24 . ali when be the date ? becky what be the date ? Becky pause . she nearly choke on rage and sadness . she take a short , Becky -size moment to regain herself . becky ( cont 'd ) how about a simple ' no thanks 's and also thanks for the gesture of come here to personally bitch slap we in all we face . Nah . we do rock music to rock people and do not I hear that on you last record do not even have any guitar ?? ( mock snore noise ) Zelda stand , graceful and elegant , and take a tiny bird like bite of the snack Becky have make a mess of . zelda end of the winter . March ish . becky do not fuckin’ talk to she . do not even look at she . here 's a idea . how about you march-ish right out of the room into you limousine and take that fuckin’ offer with you ? we need a break , not a tour . I mean , we just finish this one like a hour ago so who 'se interested in another tour not I that 's who . zelda you bring I on my first tour , beck , and I will never forget it . I be not you enemy . I never be despite what you think happen at that festival thing . you gonna make I beg to get you to bury the hatchet ? becky uh you music use to be awesome and now it suck so I do not want to tour with you and now you have come to bury I . I speak for everybody when I say that there be zero interest in retread the past which include you fable tour . ( more ) 25 . becky ( cont 'd ) I be try to move for- ward here , not backwards and that mean I do not wanna slip down you bill . do not you have like the next generation of pansy art rock babe die to share you light so why do not you ask one a they . my answer be no and where I go they go . motion to Ali and mari , both mortify , silent and sad . lauren I should go . becky stay puh - lease I feel like we be do here . zelda ( wry , smile ) you be one of a kind , beck . becky you get that right , a true original , stick to you gun and you root and never buy into the bs just the Becky something , that 's what I always say . p- u-r-e spell Becky and pee - you spell Zelda . Zelda can not process the aggravation , have come here to do something nice and have it throw back at she so angrily . Howard appear with a optimistic smile on he face . howard so ! do we have a deal ? becky Howard how could you ? I trust you and you set I up ! howard I think you might feel this way but hear we out . zelda it 's not what you be think . it 's not club . it 's theater . a intimate -- becky boring . pass ! zelda I be sorry that --- becky oh my god if you be not go to leave I will . I have a interrupt journey to complete and by the way you be all be incredibly rude to ya - ema and the spiritual calm he require . ( to Howard ) I be not do with you . you be in big trouble . Becky storm out . the room take a moment to catch it 's breath . do not shit talk the hand that feed you . Ali look back at the door where Becky exite . Zelda be perceptive , deceptively so . sly , eye narrowing . zelda '' have fun in beckytown . '' ali whatever could you mean ? zelda say it . cut the '' b.s . '' mari there 's nothing . Ali want to stay . mari take comfort in lauren 's hand . Howard look a little disappointed , but not really . zelda who ’se ya-ema ? ali sauron , the all see guru . mari and lauren smile . they be fascinate by Becky 's weird relationship with ya-ema . zelda I will go . ali I ... think that might be for the best ? howard I be so sorry . Worth a shot , though ? maybe we take another swing when she 's not so ...so ... I can not find the word . 27 . zelda door 's open and I be all ear . you use to pack place twice this size . what happen ? ali cancel tour twice at the last minute have untest side effect . zelda I would not know . mari it will be fine . zelda and if it be not ? mari it will be fine . Zelda study they . she be very sharp , respectable and impeccable . the scuzziness of this place , this level of filth and revelry be year behind she . she look at mari and Ali like abuse child , afraid to speak out . Zelda put on she very nice jacket and a stylish hat . zelda if you change you mind --- Becky burst back into the room like Kramer . she have have another hit of whatever she be on and be all wire up and now have tama with she . Danny and Tiffany trail behind , panicked . ya - ema and Dymoke be there as well . becky Holy smoking crap you be still here ? Zelda have leave zee building . take a hint ! the legend of Zelda a stink to the ass must come to a e-n- D if you please . zelda I be leave . do not overreact . becky I hardly think I be overreact just normal react . she be wire , unwell , fray at all edge . like a bee , buzzing around and you could not swat she if you try . 28 . becky ( cont 'd ) I mean , Zelda , baby , like excuse I for be so fuckin’ naive but how dare you invade this space ? howard it be entirely my idea . do not blame she . Becky motion to ya- ema and Dymoke , cleanse the air with some sort of burn reed , purify the room for she . zelda I be leave . peel it the fuck down . Zelda make for the exit , wave away ya - ema 's smoke . she and mari exchange a intimate look . a little silent side story play out with Zelda say bye to mari , Ali and Howard while Danny and Becky engage on the other side of the room . danny let I take she . becky what no . get away from I ? Dymoke need to purify she be not you listen ? danny you should not be hold she in the state you be in . becky what state be that dan-o ? the state of rage or the state of New York I do not know where I be anymore you dumb fuckin’ clown , ha ha ! she try to hold tama away and move from Danny but trip and fall , forward , manage to spin quickly landing on she back , tama up in the air . people rush in , freaking out . Becky be on the ground laugh and hold tama . becky ( cont 'd ) wheee that be a fun ride ! you wanna go on another sky ride ? with mommy ! Danny grab tama . Becky refuse to let go but he get she . Tiffany put she arm around Danny , protective . becky ( cont 'd ) dude chill I have get this . 29 . danny get off she you fuck mess . there 's black rage in he eye . he 's finish play nice . tiffany I think we need to leave . howard perhaps we should all retreat to we separate room for a bit ? Becky start roll on the floor , slowly slinking up , arm and limb clumsily drape over the furniture , like a crab . she reach for tama and fall again , at Howard , mari and Ali 's foot . they all look afraid and upset . becky what you two suddenly have nothing to say ? just watch the show . ha ha you be do a better job of it than play in it that 's for sure . oh look at I run my mouth but let 's not say anything we might regret later . hey maybe if you run you can catch up with Zel-duhhh . she can have you . she 's easy and boring and no fun be not that what you want ? mari have be hurt watch this . she and Ali look down at Becky with lump in they throat . this pain they , a lot . ali do not . not now . not with we . becky do not what ? be awesome and show people a g-o-o-d time ? mari Cone on . please . Becky stumble try to grab tama . ya - ema hold she up . becky tough job but somebody 's gotta do it and I gotta get out of here . I gotta go to Becky 's room . it stink of Zelda shit . so I bid you adeiu and hibbida hibbida that 's all folk ! 10 11 30 . she snatch tama from a shocked Danny and then push he , park bench style , over a chair and he fall to the ground while she scurries off . this be all happen so fast . she exit . the room be empty of aggression . just silent , shocked face of people who want so badly to care about she . ya - ema and Tiffany help Danny up . second pass . it 's very few second but after what 's just happen , it feel like a lot . time stand still , dissolves allude to the collapse of real time and we see , in slow motion , the devastation wringht by Becky . hurt feeling , smashed stuff . second pass like hour in silence . ali I just want to play music in a band . it break the tension . people smile and just as there be laughter again , the cry of tama off in the distance set they all on high alert . Danny spring into action . the venue , corridor —- continuous 10 follow Danny run like mad . behind he , Ali and mari , lauren , Howard , Tiffany , ya- ema and Dymoke . Danny knock a chair that be in he way . kat come back out of the hallway when she hear the commotion and join . follow Danny into Becky 's dress room , he perspective , to reveal : the venue , becky 's dressing room - continuous 11 Becky be on the ground , vomit in front of she face and on she mouth . bloody forehead . tama be on the floor cry , scream . it 's not clear exactly what happen and it do not matter . Danny hold tama close ( tama be cry : wail ) as Ali and mari drop to they knee , right in the vomit , prop Becky up , start shaking she , throw water on she . her eye flutter . finger into Becky 's throat . nothing happen . Becky be limp . look be quickly exchange . Howard run in , say nothing . mari and Ali be break out in sweat . Dymoke be quickly mixing some potion in a thistle and rub it on Becky 's neck . ya - ema begin to chant , slowly , deep , otherworldly . ya-ema innnn-connn-immmm tama be still cry and cry . 31 . Ali rip off she vomit cover shirt and prop it under Becky 's head , grab a coke mirror and put it under she nose to see if she be breathe . Dymoke 's hand be in the way , spread he elixir on she chest . ya-ema ( cont 'd ) innnn-connn-immmm tama be still cry and cry and cry . Becky 's eye flutter faster . she vomit some more onto Ali 's hand and struggle to open she eye , to breath , and do not even try to hold she head up . ya-ema ( cont 'd ) ( chant ) innnn-connn-immmm ali come back Becky . do not do this again . Becky lock eye with everybody around she , cradle on the floor like a invalid cover in puke and blood . silence . pause . breathe that rise and fall . anxiety everywhere . becky ( garble , mouth full of puke and mucus ) we go way beyond . tama 's cry echoe through all of this and it 's awful . end of act one . interlude # 2 ( 4 year before act 1 ) grainy vhs home movie footage : Becky / mari / Ali . full of positivity , excitement , happiness . the contrast of what we just see be shocking . they be hold frame platinum record for they second album baby I ’m sick . ali we could get at least a hundred buck for this . mari the first and only girl rock band to sell this many record . I would like to say ! becky two hundred ! Nah I will keep it . first and last . ( more ) 12 32 . becky ( cont 'd ) the well of inspiration have run -a dry ! never gonna make a record this good again . good as gold ! they all keep laugh . Becky clumsily drop the frame record , break the glass . she lose it , start laugh hysterically . mari and Ali follow . becky ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! we be never gonna make a record this good again . mari Howard ! we need a new one . act two : yellow & orange / dolly tracking shot / zoom int . recording studio 12 Golden , yellowish brown light buzz bask this past it 's prime studio in a ancient haze of wood and history . the place be laden with sign of the amount of time Becky have spend here in the sprawling , open end eight month of recording that have go poorly . tapestry hang over crystal and other item from ya - ema , shitty candle , no fewer than twenty pack ash trays . the place be capital D dingy and Becky the decrepit centerpiece . Becky be wear scarve and a threadbare t shirt with one sleeve nearly go tuck into skin tight pants . she have look iconically cool if she be not so tragic . her messy ponytail be a cake with grease , a heart barrette in she hair , she skin be bad and she feel 1,000 % like a goddess . she poorly make feeble attempt to strum a acoustic guitar and sing a weak sounding half finish song . warbling , barely make note and word find one another . ( the song be call pull down and have be write by alicia bognanno / aka bully ) becky you rotted away Left to you own mistake I never want to be the crutch for you I be fall behind with every word you break I mean to try and piece it back for you and I be back to the same shit I be drown in mud if I be gonna be pull down I be take you with 13 33 . the whole scene be rocky as we pan to the side and see mari and Ali . they be behind glass in the booth with Howard and the distance hush show off the tension . recording studio mixing booth 13 silently , Ali , mari and Howard watch Becky , smoke a cigarette or two of they own and recognize how dead end this feel . they be hold one another in a protective , loving embrace . keith the engineer mute she and though Becky still play , half ass , they turn so she cannot see and quietly talk , like bowman and poole keep secret from hal9000 in 2001 . howard I finally understand why you begge I to stop check in . ali fuckin 's bummer . told you you should n’ta come back . howard I have to see for myself who be occupy this studio I stop pay for . do they not give you the memo ? mari Becky decide to pay for it . shoulda tell you . but do not want to . out of respect , I guess . howard be not that nice of she . I have this room book for my new group but it 's not yet vacate . ali so that 's why you come back . howard do they not tell you you have to leave ? ali they do . howard and what do they say ? ali I would rather not repeat it . 34 . howard if this be the best she have to show after nine month I be very screw . mari to be fair , it 's nine next week so we still have time to pray for a third trimester disaster . ali I know you be out on a limb big time for we with on this record . howard laid off staff to cover overage ? mortgage on my beach house ? I be not on a limb , I be lie on the ground next to the damn tree . ali I do not know that . I be sorry . howard releasing they new album this year would help cover you mess . interrupted by Becky , pound on the window look mean , nasty . throughout , she voice be mute . sound proofing . becky what be this . talk and tea time ? be we do a session or a goddamn book club jesus christ be I the only one here who care about the work we be do ? mari look right at she but speak under she breath . mari this be the first day in two week she stay for longer than a hour . ali and also she come at two . ( Howard check he watch ) a.m . we have be here . she 's in a self proclaim groove . Howard notice how tired and bleary eye they be and the massive amount of coffee cup , tea pot and drug . Becky storm into the booth , fume , nostril flaring and drip snot and moisture . mari and Ali finally detach . 35 . becky show a hand , who be commit to greatness and will do whatever it take to achieve greatness and show of hand who be lazy and do not care about this music that we be recording ? ( she raise she hand with vigor ) that 's one for greatness . anyone else ? keith sheepishly raise he hand . becky ( cont 'd ) thank you keith , nice to know someone be on my side , the win side and we all know who write history . you all can go home and take a nap or something now that you level of dedication be expose . right Howard ? do you come to check up on you prize project ? thank you for give we space lately but I gotta tell you I be sorry but thing be go terribly , at best . speechless reaction . Becky be super mess up , sweat , barely coherent , blind to it all . all four just stare at she . a quiet pause as we zero in on Becky : see and feel with quiet dignity the lack of understanding behind she bright blue eye , the smoke screen of delusion which she hide behind . slow motion . linger ... there be nothing but truth and honesty on she tired face . she believe every word she say and when we see mari , Ali , Howard and keith , the extent of pity and sadness for Becky transmit off they . it 's a small moment that become a big moment without announce itself . howard there 's a solution to this . I need to figure out what it be . let 's take a step back and think for a second . becky that be a graaaand idea . why can not you two be team player like Howard ! ali give it a rest lady . the show 's exhaust and I have see it too many time to stick for the finale . 36 . becky sorry what . what do you say . keith she say --- becky oh I hear she but I just wanna make sure I hear it correct - lee . Ali darling . Care to take it one more time from the top with feel see vous play ? ali look at yourself . howard easy now . Becky do just that in the glass window reflection and it 's obvious she love what she see . she blow herself a kiss . ali would Becky something wither and die if she interacted on a adult level ? howard let 's not . let 's be calm . let 's withdraw to somewhere neutral place and talk compromise . becky boring . bore snore . Ali grab a coat , brushes past Becky with a final icy dagger stare . Howard be chin-in - palm , in agony , lose everything because he be not think fast enough . becky ( cont 'd ) well the least you could make some sort of grand final statement right ? ali I take care of this band while you take care of yourself . I never ask to be thank . I never want the gloss . that be you thing . you pluck I into it . so why should I explain myself when you be just go to remember you version . she kiss she finger and make a ' peace 's sign . 14 15 37 . Ali give the briefest pause on she exit , to Howard , then mari , not expect she to follow , but to say with she eye ' that 's that . 's mari half open she mouth like she be go to say something but do not because Ali be already go . becky it 's just as ya - ema prophesize ! ha ha , what a fitting moment just when I be seriously doubting you commitment . I mean it 's be a rotten year stick carry this mongoloid to term but today be the final straw and I know it when I walk in the d-o - of - respect I feel the fetid stink in the elevator . biggggg whoop . want to see how quickly we bounce back ? watch I . I be Ali now . recording studio - continuous 14 she storm back into the studio and bang on the drum with no rhythm . it 's a cacophonous mess and just dreadful noise and Becky be scream over the bang . it 's godawful and she grab she guitar , strum with one hand and smashes a cymbal with the other and screech into a mic . becky ( voice of Old prospector ) keith hit record we have strike gold ! recording studio mixing booth 15 Howard be mortify about the collapse of a profitable act as mari choke back lump of emotion because she be tethere to this sink ship . move in tight on she face as Becky 's noise become even worse . it 's all happen for mari now . Ali be go . this be rock bottom . howard ( 0.c. ) I be so fuck . the next band 's go to show up any minute . you shoulda tell I you be still here . I need time to think . mari Excuse I . howard hey do not just leave I here - -- ( he talk fade out ) follow mari out into the hallway and then the lady room . 16 17 18 38 . recording studio , lady room - continuous 16 it 's grim and dirty because only the band use it . mari take a small hit of she own drug , a few pill , and pause , not to the mirror , just by the sink area . it 's all crash down . this be end and she know it more than she fear . time get wobbly . slow motion / hazy dissolves . stay with mari and feel she study the year of she life which have be invest in this band . she be stone and lapse into a memory tunnel . sound that be not there can be hear , echoing from the back of she memory . it 's woozy . recording studio hallway - continuous 17 mari come out into the hallway . something be off . the light be different than before and all seem quiet . not a sound at all . mari seem confuse . then she hear girlish chat echoing down the hall , hollow and chipper . she follow it and drift back into the mixing room . recording studio mixing booth - continuous 18 a unexplain element : a trio of young , raw girl . mari uh --- this girl be all young than 25 . the next generation . they be the akergirl : dottie 0.Z. , crassy cassie and roxie rotten . they be all cool as anything and stripped down somehow stylish even beyond what Becky and co . could ever imagine . greasy hair , boy clothes , either no makeup at all or a ton and it 's really style . they run the gamut . dottie have pink hair . roxie wash hers once a month . cassie 's be style and really well cut , shaggy , simple . dottie marielle Hell . fuckin 's fuck what a honor . the akergirl bow , take hand like the witch they be and surround mari , who be slow and perplex . after they break off , dottie and roxie stay hold hand , embrace . mari mari 's fine . dottie we be book . I mean , we be book here . like , Howard say -- 39 . mari I hear . it 's just a whole nightmare right now . she look through the glass : in the studio Becky be bang on silly instrument , plastic toy : light up and glaze down . cassie be you kid , we only want this place because you guy record here . roxie shameful to say it 's a honor to be bump by something she. like , the top . I be rambling . sorry , nerve ! mari it 's alright . but uh , this be a terrible time . we be down a woman and , um , this be all go , like , the worst it 's ever go . she look around . keith seem to be manage the schedule . mari ( cont 'd ) keith , where 's Howard ? keith back office . might wanna check on he . he do not look good and I think he 's dry heaving . mari see , exactly . not to get too deep but shit 's like , fall apart big time now so maybe actually we move out and you girly take over . she 's lose they . the akergirl be transfix , watch Becky , somehow have pull it together and sing a song with acoustic guitar . all watch for a moment and just briefly , through the Pov of the akergirl , you see the attraction to Becky : she be brilliant and powerful . the song be ' because you be Young 's by cock sparrer . 40 . becky because you be young , you be tear between a world of hate and a world of dream so much to lose , so much to gain so much to fight for , so much to change you do not look back , you do not look down you gotta turn everything around you live you life like a load gun because you be young stop talk back , get off the phone you be late again , you miss the last bus home this be not the way you want to live I know something 's get to give ( song continue over the next bit of dialogue ) roxie fuck man . she 's the queen . mari I would not let she hear you say that . do she already know you be here ? cassie unclear . mari so I do not know if she 's go to be into that . the behavior around here be shall we say erratic lately . erratic on a good day . cassie on a bad day ? mari they be all bad day nowadays . Howard enter , pale and chomping antacid tablet . he try not to let anybody see : he want to make a solution happen . howard seem we have get a logjam ! mari I can see that . howard we be all family here , right ? Business family . one big happy business family . 41 . dottie if there 's some probl -- howard nonsense . no problem at all ! everything 's fine . we record you album . release it . everything will work out . easy as pie . Becky will understand . roxie rotten be still just watch Becky , who now look up : a animal at the zoo aware of be watch . everybody freeze because she play stop . the lioness see . dottie I have say she know we be here now . keith subtly turn off the recording . the room freeze as people watch Becky slowly make the realization that she have a audience . she stare they all down . one by one . direct eye contact . she speak softly . nobody can hear the word . her face be a mystery . no scream , no smile , just talk and motion to she instrument and point directly at mari . it 's almost dead silent . mari here she come . Becky stand up slowly in continue agonizing silence and make she way to the booth . she enter and face this massive crowd : keith , Howard , mari , cassie , dottie , roxie . there 's a unfamiliar look on she face , one Becky something do not display very often . absolute confusion and vulnerability . for a rare moment , she be quiet . nothing exit she mouth save for tiny , nervous gasp of air . mari shake she head slightly , make sure to convey that she do not know what 's go on and have nothing to do with it . becky who the fuck be this bitch ? howard the akergirl . do I not send you they seven inch ? you be gonna love they . you 'il love they . I have , yeah , I have sign they and now they - roxie we be not interrupt . no disrespect miss , uh something . dottie huge fan . 42. they all do the circle thing around Becky who be still slow . howard as thrill as it be to see you passionate commitment , I be count on the studio be free by now . perhaps that 's my mistake . I have not exactly be around . becky you cut we off . they try to evict I . why would you do that to we ? howard a misunderstanding ! I be give you space and freedom without I breathe down you neck . I do what I have to do to tighten my belt . can you blame I ? everyone be calm , assume Becky will explode . becky okay . ( to mari ) you know about this ? cassie we just show . she have no idea . Becky still think . we do not ever see she think . she usually act without it . she take it all in . Studies the girl . becky Howard you fuck genius ! Becky lapse happily into the akergirl witchy circle and gently touch each of they face . becky ( cont 'd ) what be the odd . what be the odd that we have find ourselves one apple short of a bushel and today of all day you unknowingly bring a solution to all the world 's problem . who play drum ? cassie raise she hand . Becky high fives it . 43 . becky ( cont 'd ) the rest of you ready to jam ? if I have to guess I would say we be fifteen maybe twenty minute away from pure magic explode into this room and silly old I lose a drummer on the way to grandmother 's house . here I think we would have to scrap paper and go home but what should happen instead ? Three witch come to my rescue . I mean just look at all of you . you be all so beautiful . stun . the akergirl blush at Becky 's kindness . they idol ! Becky touch all they hair and generally paw at they in a weird , grope -y way . mari stand back , still and silent and loopy . cassie I be crassy cassie . this be dottie 0.2 . and roxie rotten . she 's the life of the party and we have be honore . Becky look at roxie and dottie , celebrate this minor victory with a loving embrace . Becky study it , dubious . becky cut the shit you be make I feel a hundred year old but god damn I just feel a connection to you babe . mari , you feel that ? mari be dead silent . Becky give she a look , like : ' be you in or out ? 's and mari know it 's now or never . mari yeah beck . I feel it . I have be out here feel it for what feel like ever wait for you to feel it . becky that 's what I be talk about . Howard my goodman . I be ready to party and make a album and I have be send angel to help I work the angel if you dig . what better way to introduce new blood into this turgid process than actual new blood . Becky bite dottie on the neck , then bite cassie . becky ( cont 'd ) let 's bathory this bitch and learn a thing or two about what kid be feel nowadays ! 44 , dottie and cassie rub they neck . Becky actually bit they pretty damn hard . becky ( cont 'd ) inward ho ! Becky command they into the studio area . Howard hold mari and Becky back . howard keith , could you give we a minute ? keith exit . howard ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do ? becky it look like I be save you asshole and keep this record right on schedule . do not worry about reimbursing I for the studio . it 's my treat . howard I can not afford eight more month . i’11l go bankrupt while you you '' opus . '' I be on my last credit line and you be on life number nine . this girl might be we salvation so it have be swell if you do not torpedo they in the process of drown . becky what be this , the scared straight express ? Howard , you confuse torpedoing that I do not know about with make a album which if you 'il excise I I be quite eager to resume before my juice dry up again . howard ( to mari ) can you make she aware ? becky what , do I need a translator ? I get it . loud and clear and as ear on the rear of a deer . mari we do not have to do this . I mean , we just meet they . we can take a day to regroup and call Ali -- 19 45 . becky who ? I do not know anybody by that name . kind of a funny name be not it ? ' cept for a Muslim . mari slap Becky hard across the face . it 's silent again and through the glass , the akergirl notice and look in . Becky smile like a psychotic . Howard continue to suffer silently . becky ( cont 'd ) mari . my love . you have my attention . Becky grab mari 's cheek and pinch it real hard and then smack she on the butt at the same time , hold she close . becky ( cont 'd ) and I yours . now be there something you want to say or be that merely a challenge to a duel . mari we do not get another chance . if we fuck this up ... sorry ... if you fuck this up , it 's bye bye something she . you dig ? howard that 's the short of it . this be the first moment Becky do not act like the tazmanian Devil . not Becky something . Rebecca adamczyk . clear eye . becky I be go to finish this record . you have my word cross my heart and hope to die . she transform for six second . just as quick she eye switch back : Becky something return and she skip into the studio with the akergirl . mari and Howard eye one another . recording studio - continuous 19 becky one two , skip to my lou . Three four , skip to my door . cow in the pasture , two by two / lose my drummer what 'il I do ?/ I can get another as pretty as you / skip to my lou my darling . the akergirl join in and they all spin in a circle and Becky clap and lead a force sing a long . 20 21 46 . akergirl one two , skip to my lou .... ( song continue in background ) recording studio mixing booth 20 howard it 's over . that 's that . I trust you to be alone and you burn down the house . I be so sorry . I have try everything I can . mari I will sort it . the lioness see threaten cub and force ‘em into the pride rather than kill and eat they . howard can you handle she ? mari it 's be almost seven year . what 's another seven day . howard you be one on one without Ali . I can not help you . but I need you . mari I have get this , man . howard you need you rocket fuel ? mari look into the studio . the sing a long be over and the akergirl bring in gear and Becky be ducking into a tent in the corner , head down , and mari know what that mean . it 's a small / big moment on mari , quiet , linger . mari I be need all the help I can get . recording studio - continuous 21 follow mari in . she survey the room . the akergirl be unload they bag of gear and tuning up a little and mari see the tapestry tent of Becky 's corner rustling . mari join . from afar the akergirl see they foot under the cloth and know the deal . 22 23 47 . show each of they face , linger on the moment where they should know better and split . they each give one another a subtle look . recording studio , becky's little tent 22 mari and Becky share a rare , quiet , intimate moment . we jump back in here just after they have each have a little something and they be both buzzing and ready to pop . Becky be lighting a cigarette so the tent be light via Zippo . mari you okay to do this ? becky any second now . i’1l be fine . mari give Becky a look of extreme compassion and empathy . becky ( cont 'd ) ( half normal ) give I a minute ? mari exit . we stay with Becky . in silence , for a moment , just a fleeting instant of adult awareness , that Becky understand that this be it . there 's no chance after this . Becky be still , start to slip into a daze when she doubt fade away and she light up like a fire cracker , slam she Zippo close and storm out into the room . recording studio - continuous 23 becky who 's ready to do this shit ! the akergirl be stoke , in a tizzy that so quickly they have be welcome to the inner sanctum . they be comfy . shoe off ( sneaker / no sock / very cool boot ) . ready to work . dottie anything you say . becky easy there . easy easy . it 's not as simple as that . I be comfortable in a leadership role but let 's slide into this hot spring . 48 . roxie you want we to look at any sheet or just follow along . becky whoa you chick read music ? fuck what a loser I be . there be some piece we have be play with but would not it make more sense for we to not rely on table scrap and make a feast as a new family instead ? mari the album be write if that 's what you all mean . cassie let 's hit it ? we be here for you . whatever you need . say the word . becky sure there be a album . there be some music but maybe they be the problem ? they be curse . done to death . we need the new sound . show I what the kid be do . akergirl just look at one another . dottie what , just play ? becky could I have make myself any clearer yes play . if we be gonna be work together let see what you have get . there 's tension . the akergirl be afraid of be cast out and feel Becky 's judgement lurking . they strap on guitar ( no bass ) , cassie get to the drum and they launch into a super sweet sounding melodic screechy early 90 riot grrrl inspire song you could dance to , and indeed Becky do dance . cassie sing from behind the drum while roxie and dottie bring harmony and back on the chorus . it 's a fully collaborative song . ( the song be call ' can not wait 's and have be write by anika pyle . ) 49 , akergirl sweet tooth let it consume you you know you want to , you know you want to but baby I can not wait around for you tell I what you think you be gonna do you know that I be still in love with you but baby I can not wait around for you I keep comin’ round but you be not home I keep callin’ you will not pick up the phone be I such a fool to assume you think about I the way I think about you ? you say it could change for just fade away but I feel the same have you fall from grace ? yeah I be here today but I can not wait around wo not wait around , can not wait around for you so tell I what you think you be gonna do you know that my love will always be true but baby I can not wait around for you I can not wait around , can not wait around , I can not wait around , I can not wait for you can not wait around , I can not wait , baby I can not wait for you can not wait around for you it 's great and run like 90 second . tight , fast and lovely . Becky dance like a maniac , bob she head like a bobblehead . mari be feel it , tapping she leg . becky smokin '! I love it . Love love love . Becky kiss dottie , roxie and cassie in the weird way they be now use to . she be super affectionate and keep she hand all over they while throw she body on theirs . ( in the booth you see keith and howard , watching , digging it ) becky ( cont 'd ) this be what its about my sister . who write it ? dottie ( point one by one ) Music , melody , lyric . becky all of you ? brilliant . I have always long for that connection but for some reason it never work . I always do it all . by. myself. 50 . akergirl look at mari , who do not disagree but it 's clear this credit hogging be a long time scab be pick at . becky ( cont 'd ) oh sure mari , you contribution have be helpful . but I be talk about a ground up collaboration . I wish I could give it to you now but I know myself too well . highway or she way . ( thumb at herself ) cassie we be here to jam . back you up . anything . becky see , that 's what I need . follower . Silent peon to worship at my foot . mari be be beat down silently . Becky be fully aware of how much she be hurt she long time partner as she begin to prowl about the recording studio , move like a spider , prepare to launch into a messy soliloquy . becky ( cont 'd ) lady lady , what harmony you have find within one another ! what spirit , share , divide three way . alas . the rarest of thing and not to be take lightly . capture it , my sister , hold on to it and n-n- never release from the bond you share . dottie and roxie share a loving look . this all pain mari . Becky be showboat for the akergirl and make she last ally feel terrible . during Becky 's speech , we be on mari 's face as realization set in . mari Wise advise from a true original . be you fuck kid I ? I hope you girly do not buy this bullshit . you seem smart . smarter than I , dumb ol 's mari . grade a sucker , buy it hook line and sinker , fool I once , shame shame shame . becky um sorry but what ? mari who better than the great Becky something to dispel wisdom on the value of other ? ( more ) 51 . mari ( cont 'd ) who do more to express appreciation and dedication to that who support ? becky I support . it 's not a two - a- day two way street darling . mari a dead end , darling . becky mari mari mari . careful now . you be gonna offend we guest . mari sorry sorry sorry . dottie we can leave ? we do not wanna be fly on the wall . you sort this out alone . becky now you have do it . alienate the acolyte . vanquish the venerate . Exile the exuberant . this be a bless thing ! the next . hold they close , we should . not expel they from we midst . roxie it 's not expulsion --- becky quiet , all ! this be important . mari it always be . and then it 's not . mari be cool as ice , calm , chill , slick . eye half open , dead tired of this . she keep it together and begin to pace about , gather she thing : pack a bass into a travel bag . Ali leave and Becky 's togetherness monologue reveal what mari repress . she 's push over the edge , finally . becky run away ! flee flee . Big bad bossy Becky make maudlin mari mope . get the bullshit outta here . it belong , it belong on fuckin’ Mars ! ( in the style of heavy Metal parking lot ) Mark pause she exit . turn to dottie , cassie and roxie . 52 . mari enjoy it . it could be fun . becky now that 's the first logical thing I have hear all day ! mari exit with a final look back at Becky , who return it not as Becky something but as Rebecca adamczyk . becky ( cont 'd ) ( to akergirl ) all I have ever ask be respect and if you can not get that in the work place then where can ya get it ? you dig , right ? Becky jump on cassie 's back , piggy back style and start whack she with a drumstick like a pony . becky ( cont 'd ) mush mush ! onward ! into the future . the akergirl , dottie cassie and roxie . the latest great girl rocker find right here under a wing of the eternal Becky something . the back on the final something she record and a smash debut album produce by none other than talent finder and nurturer Becky herself . ah ha ! on the wing of angel , a goddess and three witch . something rotten crassie and 0.2Z .! Becky jump down , knock herself and cassie and some gear to the floor . dottie and roxie help cassie . you can tell for they that in the past fifteen minute , the luster have fade . Becky have alienate that who the akergirl believe to be true partner . the attitude on display fill they with dread . roxie maybe we should come back . this do not seem like the right time . becky night time be the right time . bed way be right way . tally ho ! dottie not that we be not knock on we ass flatter . we be . 53 . becky then let the wild rumpus begin ! Becky grab a electric guitar and poorly shred : '' garbage dump '' by Charles Manson . becky ( cont 'd ) oh garbage dump , oh garbage dump why be you call a garbage dump ? you could feed the world with my garbage dump you could feed the world with my garbage dump cassie mari just leave . we do not need to be here right now . we can give ya you space . like , this must not be super easy ? we show up when shit all go down . becky errrrr . wrong . I be the heart and soul of the band . I mean hello I name it after myself . I find that girly and they be not the first and they will not be the last . I put something she together from the ash of fail junk band , want to put one out there in my own name like god spew mankind . that 's ancient history and so be that ungrateful wench who suckle at the teet of success that I place upon they mouth . all I ask , before the four of we embark on this journey , be that you show I honesty and I will do the same . that be the pillar of my music so enough with this jibber jabber and let 's rock . ( back to the Manson song ) that sum it up one big lump . Becky be mile a minute , machine gun rat a tat fast . it 's like read billboard from a roller coaster . she keep strumm she guitar , not well but not terribly either . the akergirl look on , daze . dottie what should we do ? 24 25 54 . becky well for starter go into that booth and wake that turd up and tell they that its blast off to the star we go hit the fuck switch because the circus be leave town and it be not comin’ back . there 's a silent pause where you can feel the akergirl decide if they should do this or turn tail and go home . Becky look at they , aware of this indecision . she be static : sweaty , mess up , total maniac . try to catch she breath , nearly ten year of she life torpedoed in the last half hour . it 's in she eye : she look beyond vulnerable and scared . dottie ( half afraid ) we will go get the rest of we gear . becky ( like the Kool Aid man ) oh yeah ! we follow the akergirl from behind as they walk into the booth . slow . sheepish . recording studio mixing booth - continuous 24 only keith be in here and there be a quiet moment where dottie , roxie and cassie be alone . it 's the first honest to god silence we have have in ten minute . dottie and roxie embrace in the exact spot where mari and Ali embrace at the beginning of this act . they look through the glass at Becky . she be actually focus , in real musician mode , tuning up and get ready . the akergirl be connect and know what one another be think without say it . they look like they sell they soul to Satan . keith point to the door ; cassie knock it . she open it . slowly . recording studio hallway 25 cassie stick she head into the hallway . she / we see Howard talk to mari . face puffy and wet with tear . she wipe they off both cheek , look cool . Zero in on this tough , hard woman undone by she friend . she leave the studio a confident warrior , but it 's all surface . 26 27 55 . dottie and roxie look at she too and this tell they more about what they be deal with than anything they have witness . it 's silent . Howard push past the girl , leave mari to give one final look of warning . mari you can not be fully acquainted with Becky something until you want she to fuck off . remember that . she turn and walk away and we linger on the akergirl , take this omen to heart . one by one they file back in . recording studio mixing booth 26 a moment of continue silence . Howard be , finally , uncharacteristically nervous . focus on each akergirl . each have a silent beat to convey how excitement turn to shock to nervousness to unease to fear . it 's hard for they . all look through the glass at Becky . we zero in on she , closer , slowly creep as she find she finger lapsing away from the guitar and snarl into the microphone , voice only . recording studio 27 half melodic . half guttural . the messy but salvageable stuff you hear as the secret track at the end of a CD . eye close , into the mic , she 's give it she all and it 's passionate and if this be she first record instead of possibly she last , maybe it would be raw enough to impress but as it be , it 's just kind of sad . it 's the end of the song she be play at the beginning . becky you look like you die , then apologize but fuck it I do not mean to see this through . and I be back to the same shit I be drown in mud if I be gonna be pull down then I be take you with and I be back to the same shit . I be drown in mud if I be gonna be pull down then I be take you with . back on the akergirl as this play out . we zero in on they , let the worried look on they face do all the talk . end of act two . 28 56 . interlude # 3 ( 3 year before act 1 ) grainy vhs home movie footage : backstage at a club before a show . Becky seem nervous , aloof and distant . she be quietly stand away from mari , Ali and she mother : ania . she have the faintest trace of a accent . ania be be friendly and hugging mari and Ali . ania Girls girl ! I be so proud of you . ali my mom would never ever ever come to a show . ania I never miss a show , a concert , a school play . tell they Becky . mari basically you be we mom , too . becky okay mom . ania go to Becky and squeeze she face with love and joy . ania oooh my baby 's nervous ! so nervous ! becky stop it mom ! she push ania a little . ania you be so amazing . I be so proud . she laugh with mari and Ali . but Becky 's not laugh . act three : red / shaky handheld int . rock club 28 a modest club really full with the eager and anxious . a bird 's eye , overhead shot show how pack it be . move through the crowd , we zero in from above , on Danny push through the crowd to the backstage door . he be wave through by a bouncer . the place glow red like Hell , which be what it feel like . 29 30 57 . rock club corridor - continuous 29 danny have you see Becky ? have she check in ? to everyone and no one , busy body in the corridor . people shake head . he be agitate . this have go on for a while , play the wait game and when you play the wait game with Becky , you lose . rock club , becky 's dressing room - continuous 30 Danny 's feel of relief be deny when he find only ania . ania how 's my grandbaby ? danny she 's home with Tiffany . ania you be great to that child . danny I could not do it alone . ania you do , when Rebecca leave . poor Daniel . drawn into the family saga . danny time for a new family . life go on . ania hopefully , it do . a pregnant pause . contemplate : what if it do not . danny she 's not here . everybody 's look . ania what happen to my baby Rebecca . do I do something that wrong ? oh Daniel . all we have put up with . for what ? danny for love . ania ah. yes . for love . 58 . a quiet beat and then a knock on the door . this sequence have a really rotten energy building , noise and motion grow more extreme . thing in the background , distance , hallway bump , fall and clatter . we be head toward motion sick territory . the crowd sound and venue noise and neon light make this all feel pretty agitate . it 's just some random roadie who knock . random roadie she in here ? Daniel and ania shake head . roadie check watch . exhibit stress . random roadie ( cont ’d ) we be forty minute behind . venue 's light out at midnight . danny do not set you watch to Becky time . roadie exit . another moment of silence . ania what be we do here ? she will not perform . danny she have to . ania have to ? why ? danny because I have a bad feel that this be it for Becky . ania open a small venue with protege ? she 's sell out arena . why do you fall for it . danny she cut the head off we life together . swiftly and with no mercy . apparently I ’1ll never come to term with that . he pick up some form . danny ( cont 'd ) she 's way beyond what we agree on for tama . ( more ) 59 . danny ( cont 'd ) we have be try to get she and this in the same room for three month . ania her lawyer quit . he call I . danny her plan be to ignore all the people suing she and hope they give up . or die . another knock on the now ajar door . it 's Ali . she 's have a pretty slick makeover since Act 2 and look calm , measure and reasonable . she scan the room . no Becky . ali shoulda know . she cheek kiss Danny and then go to ania for a hug . ania alexandra , dear . ali we fall for it do not we . danny she will be here . ali where do you find the faith ? danny it 's a curse . I would kill to have none and never be wait . ali can not believe I get talk into this . danny she need you . ali every bully need a weak punch bag to swing back for one more smack . Ali go to the mirror . apply more lip gloss to she already extreme and ready - to - go show look . she look awesome with pink eye shadow and glitter and feathery hair . ali ( cont 'd ) who give a shit about the player , right ? they be just here for Becky . what do I do ? quit and be nobody ? ( more ) 60 . ali ( cont 'd ) I do not belong in this world . I use to play church basement . I be happy there . I never want show as big as this . poor Ali van der wolff . plucked from the underground . a footnote in the define oral history of the era . silence fall after Ali 's speech , deliver to the mirror . danny we all rely on she for something . ali we rely on miss something for something . Fame , work , money , love support . opportunity . the golden goose spray golden piss in we face . ania she 's support I for many year . ali I too . what a wretch feel . as you know . danny she will be here . ali I envy envy envy that optimism . what 's she ever do for you ? danny she give I we daughter . ali she drop kick tama to you doorstep from a speed tour bus . do not confuse that with sainthood . danny it 's not that simple . she be not ready . ali oh Danny boy . I wanna believe you . you see we list ? nobody . not a soul could be bother . such be the end of the saga of something she. ignominious . fitting . so let 's go . ania I be go to go talk to security . 61 . burst through the door : the akergirl . you can tell in two second that tonight be they night because they be perfectly style in the coolest , most influential way a rock band of girl in they early 20 . you see on they face , though : the Becky panic . because this be a big show for they and the favor of let Becky open have already blow up in they young face . ali she be not here . dottie fuck fuck I fuck know it . roxie she 'il show . dottie just do not fuck talk to I okay ? danny that 's the spirit . cassie hey , dirtbag Danny ! it 's really you . danny just Danny . cassie I tape you show religiously every night . danny no shit ? I do not even have copy of the early year . you get some special stuff there . roxie ( interject ) anyway its just , this be like a big fuckin’ deal for we and all . ali always be . nasty look . dottie will not look at roxie . they have split , and it 's create awkwardness between the whole band . they never speak , make eye contact , or get close . it 's tense . ali ( cont 'd ) do not mind my trivialize you professional dilemma . ( more ) 62 . ali ( cont 'd ) I have be in you shoe more time than I can count . dottie give we a success ratio . anything . I be die here . this be not okay . it 's not okay ! like , there be rule , right ? like we have gotta stick to the plan and the plan be write in ink , right ? ali she will be here . might be any second ... pause . all look at door . nothing . ali ( cont 'd ) might be in two hour . its real cool and all what you be do for Becky . and I , I guess . beck 's not use to not headline . she forget that nobody wait for the opener . cassie we figure with all the people here for we -- ali because there 's industry in the room Becky would take this ten percent more seriously ? try that one . if she do not know about all that , maybe she would be here . roxie what do we do . ali vocal warm up ? I dunno what you pre show be . you wanna jam ? dottie this be beyond I . find I when the nightmare 's over . dottie storm out , shoot dagger at mostly roxie . cassie she 's under a lotta pressure . we all be . roxie and shit 's wobbly with we right now . there 's heartbreak afoot . 63 . ali wiser folk try and fail . but hey I sign the contract for today so if she do not show you can sue she too . I think that 's 1ll be a baker 's dozen . roxie ( to Danny and ania ) sorry . I be roxie . that be dottie and this be cassie . ania thank you for give she this chance . she do not make it easy . cassie she would do it for we . already do , actually . danny how would you repay she ? by fuck it all up ? silence . know . danny ( cont 'd ) she will be here . the pattern be : disappear , leave you hang , make you miserable and come back when she 's out of option . ania take Danny 's response in . she chuckle . cassie my mom would not step foot in a place like this . ania I be not here to watch Becky inflict pain on other . there 's be enough of that to last lifetime . I be here because she need I . another silence . the energy in this room be tense and there keep be sound in the hallway that make people jump , think it 's Becky . Howard enter . howard nothing ? ali nada . 64 . howard well this be great . that 's it . I be do . it 's over . she 's cost I a house . half my company . can you accuse I of not try hard enough ? do I not present opportunity after opportunity ? and this be how it end . ( see ania ) forgive I , ania . Lovely to see you . ania I know it , you know it . Howard check he watch . look at cassie and roxie . howard do it even matter how much longer we wait ? cassie we be suppose to start five minute ago so as of now , we be go on hour two of a sell out crowd wait for something to happen . howard I be deeply sorry . if I have know --- cassie and roxie shake they head . you can hear it . Building outside this room . the tremble of noise , anticipation grow louder . ( back to the overhead shot of the crowd . it 's ready to pop . ) Howard and co. listen like it 's a godzilla attack . eye wide , open , alarmed for how much longer they can survive in here . howard ( cont 'd ) give she ten more minute . no. five . then it 's over . ( to Ali ) I be sorry . you know nobody want this night to go off more than I . ali wanna flip for it ? I do not suppose there 's any benefit in a Ali van der wolff acoustic solo set . howard at this point any one on stage but Becky will make matter worse . 31 65 . ali figure as much . roxie so wise , be you . Ali put she hand together and bow to they . roxie ( cont 'd ) so what now ? just then , they hear it . the crowd be go wild over something . something be happen . ( pun intend ) . ( overhead shot of venue : everybody be erupting . it 's happening . ) the follow utterance be of both relief and inevitability : ali she 's here . rock club corridor - continuous 31 roxie , cassie , Danny , Howard , ania and Ali exit the dress room . procession down the hall , one after the other , closer to the stage . the further they walk , the more thing change . the energy be step up a notch . there 's cheer , yell , chant come through the wall and the look on we character 's face be equal part fear and curiosity . the ph balance of the building shift , the temperature drop . we group gather for the oncoming storm and focus shift to ania , speak to nobody , sadness and worry in she voice . ania I want the best for my baby girl . Music lesson . ride to concert . she play guitar in we church . in like a tornado come Becky and if she know she 's two hour late , she show no sign . her appearance backstage fade out the cheer and applause as the exit the venue . a corridor where each open door offer a different sliver of high contrast , neon light . Becky be riding high as she walk towards she throng of dependent chant and clap . 66 . becky dem bone dem bone dem dry bone dem bone dem bone dem dry bone dem bone dem bone gonna walk around dem bone dem bone gonna walk around now hear the word of the lord disconnect dem bone , dem dry bone ... she have a entourage in tow : ya- ema , look dark and control and a documentary camera / boom mic crew of two . sad look , down and out but they create some sense of heighten attention to what be otherwise not important . Becky wear a open leather jacket with just a pink bra underneath and the word ' old scratch 's scrawle on she torso . her hair be huge , very 80s metal . her makeup be theatrical . because of the video camera , Becky play everything up to the nth degree in a effort to put on a good performance . it 's insufferable . she talk to the video camera , via to other people who be not listen . Rather than say hello to she mother , she be on lap three already . becky ( cont 'd ) ding do the bitch be back . who miss I show of hand ? Howard pounce . howard two. hour ! becky two. Minutes . to midniiiight ! ( Iron maiden song ) you be actually suing I , right ? or be that somebody else . i’1ll see you in court . you honor . be it a crime in this country to prefer the witching hour ? I be bear with a internal clock . the doctor leave it inside I ha haaaa !! I call to the stand my mother , Mrs. ania adamczyk nee smolinska . Mrs. adamczyk , do you swear solemnly that you daughter be bear with a rare neurological condition which render the passage of time a enforce illusion of the external world ? ( as herself ) judge , please . I just can not seem to get goin’ until later at night . you think I want to be late ? ( more ) 32 67 . becky ( cont 'd ) there 's people deserve a show and you have no idea the hell I have be through because I be wishing there be any way on earth I could get go but just know I be not go to make it . promise I momma . when I die , have the coffin arrive half a hour late and write on the side in gold letter be the word ' sorry for the delay . 's ha ha ! oof . a terrible silence because , due to everything about Becky , the idea of she die before she mother feel so real and perhaps inevitable . everyone have be sweep back away from the stage into the dress room again . rock club , becky 's dressing room - continuous 32 it 's jam pack . insanity , people move everywhere to avoid bump into other . ya - ema have drop to he knee and wrap Becky 's ankle and place crystal from a bag on each of she leg and foot and be lighting little stick by she foot in some odd purification ritual . it 's pretty nutso look and Becky 's camera get it all , include a increasingly despondent Danny and ania . ania ( tear in she eye ) Rebecca . my sweet Rebecca . becky mommmmmm , you be embarrassing I in front of my friend . I tell you to wait in the car . they be make a movie and I want they to see the real I so ix - nay on the ebecca - Ray . ania how can you inflict such pain ? Becky look at ania and for a moment , the cloud of she mind clear and she eye change and if it 's remotely clear to anybody what she be think , they do not let on . becky fuckin 's stop it with the dramatics , mom ! I have not see you in month and you lay this down ? Danny and Becky study one another , a major look pass . Becky look at ania , whose hand now reveal a envelope from she pocket . 68 . ania do not be ungrateful . tell I you know I be always there . becky you get a pass . you do you time in the trenches but you be alone . do not you remember how alone you always be ? you remember how you be always always alone . ania you father want I to give you this letter . becky great throw it in the trash ! where be he fifteen year ago when I be nobody but he daughter ? Becky grab the envelope and toss it . roxie we should go . becky how 's marry life , dirtbag ? give my best to Tiffany . cassie this be none of we business . becky stay babe . you loyalty will be reward . that 's how it work . be not that right , Ali ? she pronounce it like Muhammad '' Ali . '' ah-lee . ali funny , I do not know you see I here . becky kid , you energy be so foul I could see you in the dark . ania lose she composure . she come in here , brave and confident , but as usual , Becky be break she . she stand by Danny silently ask for and receive support from he . ania ( quietly , to Danny ) oh Daniel . why ? 69 . ya- ema , clear Becky 's aura , give Ali a mean glance . she ignore it , and Becky 's rude remark . take the high road . ali you ready to rock ? becky I be bear ready . do not everybody know that by now ? you think I need to warm up like some mere mortal ? I do not think so , Tim . would I have step foot in this joint if I be not ready for a double - V victory and if that mean a great show two hour later than a crummy one people can thank I later alligator . ( to roxie / cassie ) Children , join I in the sacred circle of spiritual cleanse . where 's the third member of you coven ? ( scream ) dottie 0.Z. you you butt in here this instant you be guh-round ! ( to ania / Danny ) how be I do mom ? mother of the year over here , ya dig ! ania step away from Becky , unwilling to play this game . dottie run in , frantic . survey Becky , seat with wrap and crystal , smoke around she , everybody else buzzing nervously around , Danny and ania move away , cassie and roxie in shock . the video camera whip to get she entrance . dottie finally . becky Girls , gather round . join the circle of energy . anybody who do not to be here you can leave or avert you gaze . ( to video camera ) not you . Becky close she eye . Ali and the akergirl do the same . becky ( cont 'd ) dear goddess of creativity and positivity , Becky here . how 's it go ? I be speak to you tonight not only on behalf of myself but also my little sister dottie 0.Z. , cassie crassy and roxie rotten . ( more ) 70 . becky ( cont 'd ) this be a big night for they so let 's take care of akergirl . they be swell kid and deserve the best . she pause . the energy shift and people sense something . Ali lean in , alarmed , like Becky be about to drift away . Becky 's breathe change and it 's really weird . becky ( cont 'd ) as for I . Lady , if you be listen still , I need this . I need this bad . this be it for ol 's beckster . I be gonna need you help here because the last train be leave the station and if I be not on it when the whistle blow , that 's it for I . light out . last call . Soup 's cold . Ice cream 's melting . beer 's warm . yuck . let 's rally , one more time , then you can take that soul I promise you . Danny shuffles , alarmed , when she say this . Becky stop the prayer . everybody be silent . the doubt of Howard and Ali about she not grasp the importance of tonight be go . maybe Becky be late because she actually want to make this perfect . maybe she be all clear head and aware of herself , finally . Becky look right at the video camera . becky ( cont 'd ) you get it ? perfect . start with that it will be fuck phenomenal now let 's burn this fucker down for the big finish . she jump and crystal fall and she land with jazz hand when say ' big finish . 's the room be in shock . howard let I ... let I go tell they you be ready . he exit and Becky be go . you see she ducking into the bathroom and slamm the door . Danny look at Ali , sad . junkie ducking into the bathroom ... bad news . danny another poor decision . I be leave . make sure she take this . he throw down legal form . ania I nil join you , in a moment . 71 . ali you be not gonna watch the show ? ania I do not want to see what happen next . but I have one thing to say to my daughter . Danny kiss Ali on the cheek . danny I be sorry thing turn out this way . ali you and I both , Danny boy . you know I be always rootin’ for ya . danny the legal stuff be mean to light a fire under she ass . ali Joan of Arc she be not . flame or not . go home . we will talk tomorrow . both look at the bathroom door . there 's a unspoken thing here but Ali 's go to speak it . she hold back tear . ali ( cont 'd ) hopefully not sooner . ( pause ) Love you , dan-o . she blow he a kiss . Danny exit . it 's Ali , ania , ya - ema and the akergirl now . ania pick up the letter she bring and hold it in she hand . cassie she gonna be okay ? ania ( utmost certainty ) no she 's not .. ya - ema prepare a spiritual area for Becky to be in when she get out , place mystical object carefully . the video camera be get close on all of it . ali I know that you need to listen to a old have be like I but you be gonna kill it tonight . and after tonight . please love one another . 33 34 72 . Zero in on the akergirl . this be all about the people around Becky and how she affect they . we stay on the akergirl and it 's clear , follow Act 2 , that they be through the look glass with Becky . now they want to tell she to fuck off . there 's silent sadness among the akergirl . they watch Ali and ania walk to Becky 's bathroom and they exit , give they privacy . a quiet moment in a story light on they . rock club corridor / akergirl dressing room - continuous 33 follow the akergirl to they dress room . more orderly and less intense than the one we just leave . Silent . they look in they mirror , grab a water , a cigarette . they start lighting candle around a small table on the floor . finally : dottie be there something we should do ? cassie ( real shook up , still ) what else can we do . roxie we should not have ask she to play . she 's not straight . dottie we give she a chance . that 's only right . roxie kill you idol . cassie give they enough rope and they 's 1ll do it themselves . the girl take hand and close they eye , ready to lapse into a mystical seance which be they tradition before show . rock club , becky 's dressing room - that same moment 34 Ali and ania lean on the door . we be close to Ali , close enough to see the tear and anxiety on she face . talk to a wall . no better metaphor for deal with Becky . ali I do not want it to be like this . why do you make it have to be like this ? I blame you , beck . you find I . ( more ) 73 . ali ( cont 'd ) you invite I . I never want any of it . I only want to rock with you and mari . not all this . the door open . Becky be glassy eye , doped up . she look like a tranquilize animal . in a way , she be . she look at ania , hold the letter she bring . becky what the fuck be that still do here ? ania he have thing he want to say to you . I see no harm in that . do you understand forgiveness ? can you understand regret ? becky you weak stupid wimp . after everything he have put we through . I use to look up to you . ania be gut . she be in agony , as usual , because of Becky . ania I always hope you be better than this . deep down I know you be not . you be more like you father than you will ever know . ania take the letter and grab Becky 's hand , shove it in . the forcefulness of ania 's negativity momentarily stun Becky silent , static , stunne . ( so this be where she get it ... ) ania exit quickly as the letter fall to the floor . Ali pick the letter up but Becky grab at it and they become attach . Becky have slip into a trance . becky destroy it !! they struggle for control of the paper as it tear in they hand . ali stop ... beck...stop ... she take Ali by the face and squeeze she head hard , the pain be real and they fall to the floor and Becky begin chant / yell . 74 . becky negative force ! I cast you out ! be go from here and wipe this room of evil . let in the light and forsake the darkness . they be roll on the ground and Becky do not let go . Ali grab for stuff , lamp and tapestry and furniture and around they the entire room crumble and collapse inward . ya - ema watch silently and the video camera get it all . ali you be hurt I -- Becky have a hand on Ali 's throat as well as she forehead . she be out of she mind hallucinate . becky demon , speak not to I . to hear you word be to open myself to you trickery . she put she hand over Ali 's mouth and Ali continue to struggle to protect herself . ali beckpthhhh sttttppp Becky take a glass bottle , break it and brandish with she free hand . we go close to see the abject terror and uncertainty in Ali 's eye . becky I have fight you in eleven other life and in eleven other life you have destroy I . I have see the face you have use and my demise at you hand across the century . now at last I have look across time and I see how to defeat that who will see I destroy ! Becky be scratch herself and Ali with the glass . Red mark and prick of blood be form . Ali try to yell for help but she be out of breath . it 's not loud enough and she make direct eye contact with ya - ema who stand with fold hand and will not move a finger to help and the camera crew , filming and not help . becky ( cont 'd ) for the first time I have the power to do what must be do and for the last time we struggle . ( more ) 75 . becky ( cont 'd ) alight in I , eternal powerful goddess and give I the strength to vanquish my enemy once and for all . on battlefield and at the stake . Ali somehow get free , knock Becky in the face . bloody nose . her weapon fall and the blood run down she expose chest under the jacket . Ali stumble to the door , heave at it , tear it open and scream as loud as she can . ali help help somebody help . she turn around . Becky be stand in front of ya- ema , laugh . a craze look on she face like ' can not you take a joke 's but because she nose be bloody and she have old scratch write on she sweaty , bloody torso and all the rest , she look truly dangerous . the two old friend stare at one another across the trash room , bloody , out of breath , frenzied . Becky 's stupid insane smile be infuriate . becky the aristocrat ! and she laugh for a few second before lose she balance and steading herself on a chair just as Howard rush in with a big security guard . they be prepare for a od so when they rush in be surprised to see Becky have the upper hand , survey the mess and injury and Ali look the most afraid . Security go to Becky to restrain she and even though he be 6 '' 4 '' and 300 pound she put up a hell of a fight . she claw and kick and be lift off the ground but land a few blow . becky ( cont 'd ) ( faux 1930s moll voice ) I do not give a rat 's ! put I in the slammer . i’1l be back on the street by noon . there 's no clink in the world that can hold the likesa I . security guard miss , shut you mouth and stop attack I please . becky who 'safraid of the big bad wolf ! I be afraid of the van der wolff ! Ali ! back I up here . ah I do not get no respect at all . 35 76 . Becky bite the security guard and be able to get free . she grab the glass bottle again and point it at he . the guard lunge forward and she slice he arm . it 's bleed and he kick she , pretty hard , to get she to drop the weapon and finally pin she against a wall and put handcuffs on she . like a rabid dog , Becky bark and try to bite people but never stop look happy , grin , smile because somehow it have not sink in yet that this be not a game . she bark and snarl right at the video camera lens . off to the side , Ali be regain herself and clean wound and stand in the doorway , which we have not see until now , be the akergirl , watch Becky bite and snarl . the documentary crew be get it all . Becky , fall to floor , handcuff , bleed , look up at she audience with delight and joy . there 's a physical fight in she body because the adrenaline be wear off and it 's fight the drug and she be start to get wobbly . becky ( cont 'd ) I confess . it be I ! I rob the savings and loan and I shot the sheriff and I fight the law and the law win . now when do I get my lousy phone call ? speechless . turn to Howard and Ali , still compose herself . the akergirl be truly shocked . howard ( to Ali ) can you ... anything ? ali no . it 's over . Ali wipe the blood off she neck and lip and throw the cloth in Becky 's face . pause . she 's think about hit or spitting on Becky . instead she turn to leave . Silent . humiliate . batter . it somehow hit Becky . becky hey . hey ! sorry I mess up you pretty face . nobody be listen . Becky stand to run , chase after Ali . rock club corridor - continuous 35 Ali be already go , somehow . Becky turn side to side but be be pursue by the video camera , Howard and security . 36 37 77 . she run to a door and throw she body at it . it open . it 's the wrong door . the door Danny enter backstage from at the start of this act . she be somehow in the middle of the venue . rock club , floor area - continuous 36 bloody , shackle , people turn to look because the light on top of the video camera draw attention . cheer and applause start , as though it be all part of the act . the crowd throbs as Becky push through it , parting for she like the ten commandment Red Sea . she be give a clear path to the stage as people chant she name . crowd becky ! becky ! becky ! the crowd close , swallow up Howard . the akergirl stay in the door , not enter the floor space . this be crazy , shaky , hazardous look stuff . flash red light and yell and scream abound . the akergirl know to fall back . rock club , the stage -— continuous 37 Becky feebly climb up which be hard without hand . the sweat be mixing with blood and the old scratch marker write so she 's pretty colorful . her white pants be tie dyed look . crowd becky ! becky ! becky ! she lean to the mic . becky becky ! becky ! becky ! this go on for several second as the crowd slowly stop , sense that this be not a act and they be actually witness the action of a damage and troubled woman . the camera crew be at the foot of the stage , get it all . Security climb to the stage . Becky slip away from he and grab the mic . becky ( cont 'd ) D 'ya ever get the feel you be be follow ? mute but loud cheer . Becky , clutching the mic and be grab at by security , launch into a epic rant that , no matter how hard she be be chase , do not stop . 78 . becky ( cont 'd ) I have be back through the age of earth and I have witness century of conflict . I regress to the moment of conception and watch myself be bear . that 's why I be leave now . when I need it , nobody ever put a hand on my back and tell I it be gonna be alright dude . it 's the little thing . Security sense she be not a threat but be still hold she , or at least block she from go anywhere and she 's stumbling , back up against the speaker with nowhere to go . faint response . people be alarmed . Becky be fade . she take a guitar and try to play but it 's impossible with she hand cuffed and she spin the guitar , fall hard off the stage into the equipment area and people rush to she , huddle around and she 's clutching the guitar which break she fall . feedback start to wail . Becky be not laugh or talk . she look up at people , she eye like a die animal and she look like someone waking up from amnesia and finally understanding where she be . a little girl , lose and afraid . she react with shaky fear . feedback be still wail and the video camera be in she face and flash photo be go off and security be try to pick she up but she 's like a protestor , heavy and inert . he lift Becky , guitar and all . she 's dead weight as she be carry through the venue to the exit , toward a police car whose siren we can already hear and whose red / blue flash light get brighter the further he walk . the look on she face be fear and panic . like she just wake up here and do not know what be happen . her energy dangerously alive . feedback be still wail , fade away from the stage . Becky look at the face of the akergirl as she pass . they be next to Howard and Becky be all bloody and weak . becky ( cont 'd ) ( quiet , pause before , a big sense of ceremony ) sometimes I do not even own myself . Mom ? with that , she stare , eye wide open as if try to process a world , a realm of reality she do not comprehend and be carry in the arm of security out the door into the wait , wail bright light of oblivion . 38 79 . people look around , back at the stage . they see the akergirl and Howard off to the side . there be still feedback which dottie put a stop to as Howard draw the club 's little curtain down , conceal they from view . end of act three . interlude # 4 ( 1 1/2 year before act 1 ) grainy vhs home movie footage : backyard of Becky 's new house . it 's nice and have a pool . Becky , in a pool chair , hold a 6 - week old tama . she be smoking a cigarette and doze . becky ( cont 'd ) I wanna stay home with my baby . no tour . no record . I like it here . Danny show up , around the corner . he look confuse about why a camera be there . Becky do not look up at he . danny oh. I see . you ready for I to take she home ? becky take she . take she . I be so tired . act four : beige / super static unmoving tableaus int . country house - day 38 Soft , breeze blow curtain . a big , empty , isolate , somewhat dilapidate house with window open . glow , soft light be everywhere and this look like a cartoon idea of heaven , contrast with the red hell we just leave behind of Act 3. Becky be dwarf by the huge space . paint be chip and peel , floorboard warpe and scuff . she buy a fixer upper and will never fix it up . this be go to be slow , static , lock off . ( so even though this be half the page length of other act , it 's 1ll be roughly the same amount of time . ) the camera never move and seldom cut . Becky 's life be immobile now . she 's in a thin , soft sweater over a tatter old Evergreen College shirt . Beyond natural . no makeup . Soft clean hair . the mask of theatricality be no more . look at she , you would almost think she have be lobotomize . Becky something do not live here . just Rebecca adamczyk . the tea kettle boil and whistle in the kitchen . 39 40 80 . country house , kitchen - continuous 39 Becky ooze out of a stupor and float like a ghost to the kitchen . it have sign of detox : dozen of lemon , ginger , jug of expensive water . this be all slow : feel time pass . Becky pour the water and mark a tally on what be obviously a sobriety calendar : it 's approach a full year . she border on catatonic and the silence here at this point in we story be extreme and shocking as anything . we have hear nearly two minute of it which be one minute fifty second more than we ever hear so far . it 's haunt and you should think that Becky be dead , this be the afterlife , and this story be go someplace unexpected . from where she tea steep , Becky see a car pull up . she turn away and prepare to have to see somebody . country house , live room - continuous 40 walk through a room with a bunch of South american religious artifact , crystal , new age stuff and a pin ball machine , Becky sit and wait for the knock on the door . Danny enter with tama . he look pretty sharp , hair a bit cleaner , clothes more sophisticated . tama be now four and a half . she do not seem comfortable here , since the place be so empty and not homey . the tea be in she hand and the silence be break by the tea timer ringing . she remove the tea basket and , though it be drip , put it on a table with no dish . Becky and tama look at each other for a moment . Becky 's stoic face finally change into a smile . becky ( horse voice , weird sounding ) baby . tama mommy . they hug . Becky swallow she tragedy because the pain of confront the reality of how bad she fuck up kill she . becky momma miss you . tama I miss momma . 4l 81 . Becky be die inside . this be agony . danny kiddo , mom and dad need to talk . do you want to play pinball ? tama yeah okay ! there be already a tama stool by the machine for she monthly visit . she begin to play . the game noise be soft and fade as Becky and Danny walk to another big , sparse room . country house , music room - continuous 4l this one be full of instrument and simple , vintage recording gear to prove that Becky be still active . like the other room , it have big open window and feel quiet and soft and in addition to pinball , you hear bird and bug and wind . Becky can not make eye contact with Danny , ashamed and full of self loathing . but she be not fully break . always , ember of danger be within she , and the threat be there . you see it on Danny 's face . he be not sure she can stay sober forever , but be impressed as this be the longest she have go . this year come after a relapse or two . it 's about sixteen month since Act 3 . Becky , in recover addict mode , can feel people look for crack when they be with she . it feel awful . she hold she tea in both hand , like it will shield she . danny you look good . becky bullshitter . silence . becky ( cont 'd ) I have a year next week . danny I know . that 's really great . silence . danny ( cont 'd ) she 's be ask about you all the time . 82. becky she miss I ? danny she do not really know you . immediately , this make Becky choke up , but no tear . she 's too isolate from she emotion for tear . danny ( cont 'd ) she have no memory of live with you . Becky pause , compose herself . becky I have this dream . we be brother in a past life and we be Native american . you kill all the child in we tribe . and that 's why I be so horrible to you in this life . Danny can not fathom a response to this . he reach into a bag and hand she legal look document . danny before I forget . Becky take it and toss onto a table without study . danny ( cont 'd ) you need to look at that . becky I will . danny today . I be take they back with I . becky do it make a difference . danny yes . it do . becky include you , do you know how many lawsuit I have against I ? danny yes . I do . becky Care to say it out loud . 83. danny would it make a difference ? becky settle with m and A. child support . breach of contract . contract . promoter . Howard . I have lose track . danny do not lump we in with all of that . pinball noise . a reminder of tama . becky there 's nothing leave . they give I my band name in exchange for publishing . I do not own my own music . I be break . I can not give you anything . danny I do not want you to sell the house . but I need to know half of whatever dollar you find go to tama . becky I can not leave this house . I can not go back into the world . a moment of silence . she sip she tea . Becky seem afraid . she talk of leave the house like she be in a horror movie . danny mari 's here . becky Excuse I what ? danny she drive up with I . becky you should not have do that . danny it 's okay . she just want to talk . becky she take everything I build . danny she do not take it . you lose it . and besides you build it together . 84 . becky ( think ) I can not see she like this . danny she 's see worse . becky why do you do it . why do you bring she ? danny she 's sober too . she 's be through it . she understand . Becky look out the window and see mari wait by the car . holding a gift . at least bring she in end this talk . becky I need a minute . go get she and count to a hundred . Danny stand , exit . we stay on Becky , stiff , think . after a moment , tama come run in . tama momma ? I lose my three ball . Becky pick she up , stand herself . becky oof . you be get big , kiddo . what 's daddy feed you ? tama Chicken finger and fish finger . becky yum . I wish I have some of that . tama and noodle . becky oh boy . well I do not know if have any of that but if you be not too big maybe we can can you peanut butter and jelly if that 's okay . tama ' eanut butter ! becky alright alright ! 85 . it 's fun and shocking for this normal mom / kid moment . Becky put tama down . tama run to the piano and tap key . becky ( cont 'd ) careful baby . Becky be find herself choke up by this all . it 's come to the surface and she be try to keep it inside , sort of . tama play I a song mommy . becky ( she sit on piano bench ) what kind of a song ? tama a song that remind you of I . static . still , from far away : we see the two of they , Becky , pose and ready at the piano . she roll she head back . becky a song that make I think of you . hrmmm ...okay . you ready ? tama ready-o! and just for this moment , it 's too bad that Becky have a audience of one because what she be about to deliver be the most achingly beautiful , soul - deep performance of maybe she entire life . and if she be to be play this for a audience of 10,000 , there would not be a dry eye in the house . it 's deep , tender , emotional . from a place deep within herself where the pure love life . the love so deep it be protect from all the drug , pain and misery she cause herself and other . it 's closer to a hymn , fill up a church with tone of reverie and spiritual meaning and the reason she can muster all that be because it 's all for tama . one of the best song ever write : heaven by bryan Adams . becky this next one 's a cover . piano key tap out the sublime first note of the song . wind up to lyric . bum da bum bum bum . bum da bum bum bum . becky ( cont 'd ) oh think about all we young year there be only you and I we be young and wild and free ( more ) 86 . becky ( cont 'd ) now nothing can take you away from I we have be down that road before , but that 's over now . you keep I come back for more . baby you be all that I want . when you be lie here in my arm . I be find it hard to believe . we be in heaven . and love be all that I need . and I find it there in you heart . it be not too hard to see . we be in heaven . oh once in you life you find someone . who will turn you world around . bring you up when you be feel down . yeah nothing can change what you mean to I . there 's lot that I could say . but just hold I now . Cause we love will light the way . ( tama hold onto Becky now , arm around she waist . ) one shot . baby you be all that I want . when you be lie here in my arm . I be find it hard to believe . we be in heaven . yeah love be all that I need . and I find it there in you heart . it be not too hard to see . we be in heaven . I have be wait for so long . for something to arrive . for love to come along . now we dream be come true . through the good time and the bad . yeah I will be stand there by you . and baby you be all that I want . when you be lie here in my arm . I be find it hard to believe . we be in heaven . and love be all that I need . and I find it there in you heart . it be not too hard to see . we be in heaven . this be the most amazing performance of Heaven by bryan Adams that you have ever hear or will ever hear . the emotion be unfathomable . Becky have never give anything as much as she be give this . 87 . tama love it , bob she head the whole time and when the song end and we finally cut to see Danny and mari stand in the door , he look like he 's never see anything like this and mari just see for the first time in a decade the Becky she first know and mari , like every viewer watch this scene , be cry right now . Becky kiss tama . she hear they come in and know they be there the whole time . she do not turn to face they . becky ( cont 'd ) hey M. mari ( swallow a lump ) hey B. the room open up when Becky take tama in she lap and turn . tama aunt mari do you hear ? Mom sing a song just for I . mari yeah . I hear . tama you should sing for I too sometime . mari I will . promise . Danny be move . this represent a total change in Becky . mari ( cont 'd ) be play anything else ? becky uh huh . you wanna hear ? mari yeah . I do . danny sweetie , why do not you come fix lunch with daddy ? tama Mom say she have make I a sandwich . becky dad can get this one . i’1l make the next one . 88 . tama okay momma but you have to make the next one . tama kiss Becky and run to Danny , who swoops she up . he look at Becky and mari , know they should be alone . he exit . mari and Becky feel it out . they have not see one another in come up on three year . mari she 's so beautiful . becky I lose so much time with she . mari she 's lucky to have you back . becky I have a vision of you hold she at my funeral . I see you and Danny , hold she hand and I be so happy that you be godmother . I have see my death a dozen time in a dozen different way . in every vision I be surround by people . I never die alone . mari you be alone now . you should leave this place . becky there 's a ache in my bone . mari take a minute . this be a crush thing to respond to . she sit down near the piano . put the present she have be hold down . Becky look at it , devoid of curiosity . mari it 's from Howard . becky thanks Howard . how 's he do ? mari well , actually . the akergirl hit big . they new stuff be not my cup of tea but they have do well for he . he would love to see you . Becky squirm . want to change the subject . 89 . becky thank you for take my call . back then . you do not have to . mari I be always the bigger person . becky Ali do not . mari you never try to stab I . except in the back . which you do . becky how 's she be ? mari good . she just put out a album with she husband . it 's kinda great . becky husband ? mari Roy . they be amazing together . becky I should get a copy . mari mine 's out in the car . becky I 'il buy my own . mari I do not think she 's mad at you anymore . I do not think I be mad at you anymore either . you be horrible . but it never make I not love you . Becky nod . insulted , but mari have to get it out . mari ( cont 'd ) lauren 's seven month pregnant . becky Danny tell I . that 's rad . I be happy for you . ( pause ) you will be a really good mom . silence . this be get harder , not easier . 90 . mari you ever jam ? becky alone . a lot . mari you wanna ? nobody have offer Becky this much of a inch of opportunity in year . it 's major for she and you see it in she eye . she try to downplay how much it mean to be give a shot . becky sure . you wanna hear some stuff ? mari ( equally downplay ) sure . for a moment , it 's almost old time . sisterhood and creative energy between they . Becky go to the reel to reel she have be use to record demo in exile . it play out slowly . Becky move , have finish she tea , the precision of somebody whose brain be not quite right . she cue up the device and hesitates before press play . look over she shoulder and off in the distance see tama lurking in a far off door frame hold a triangle pb&j sandwich half . Danny be behind she , maintain Becky and mari 's distance and space . Becky look back to mari , slump down , on the floor , surround by instrument and gear . becky do not like , tell people anything about what you hear . mari I would not --- becky just ... if anybody ask . do anybody ask ? mari ( pause ) not as much as they use to . becky it 's okay . only ... be kind , alright ? 91 . Becky never express any sensitivity or need for approval , not once in they entire career together so mari know it 's actually a different person , drape in soft fabric hang off she lithe , weaken frame . the ghost of Becky future . mari just between we . Becky press play and sit with she back to mari : she can not hear she own recording while play and look she in the eye . two woman , face forward , Becky hold she guitar , mari stare at Becky 's back . the song start . it 's simple , raw , rough , emotional , and pure . Becky accompany the recording , strumm and also sing live . the record be a 4 - track , simple stuff . it 's short and be , as the critic would say , classic Becky . ( this song be call ' expected to grow 's and be write by alicia bognanno / aka bully ) becky slip out I have cause you pain I shake at the think of it anyone could shift the blame but I be the root the cause of it I do not think I have learn anything since you take ten step back polarize the view and how can I be expect to grow if I be stick live in what I already know and I do not wanna quit I just wanna be in control of it I do not wanna quit I just wanna be in control of it what I recall be cold and mean I owe good health and time to you but I get stick to the wrong thing and only space show I the truth I have not learn I have learn nothing since you take ten step back polarize the truth it 's clear to mari that this be exactly what they be try to make in Act 2 , a return to form that be also a leap forward . somehow , Becky exorcise the demon and create it . 92 . mari beck it 's incredible . becky just a little thing . mari look and see stack of recording around the machine . Becky have enough for a double album and four bootleg here . a epic amount of music . she see mari look . becky ( cont 'd ) it 's mostly junk . mari you know I have follow you anywhere . becky still ? mari that 's my bad habit . your be , well , everything . mine be come back and come back for more . becky I fuck you over a hundred time . mari hundre and one . becky I do not know if I can let people hear this . I think it 's just too , too , just too much . mari yeah okay . becky I do not deserve another chance . mari you be gonna get it whether you want to or not . you be lucky I ’ma masochist who , still , just want to get dress up , feel pretty and play new music plus the hit . they still love you . becky they always love I . it 's not loving they back that get I here . 93 . mari so what ? you stay here and die in this house ? becky I always think I have die on stage . there 's nothing here than can hurt I . I have to stay here , or else ... mari it 's not over until you get what 's yours . becky somehow I have cheat it . it 's very real . it be not that time , so maybe it will be next time . so there can not ever be a next time . mari Becky that 's insane . becky no . it be not . ya - ema once tell I that tama would be my downfall . I think he mean she would bring my downfall . it be not until later that I realize he mean my love for she be my true weakness . mari I do not buy any of that . and you should not still talk about he . he 's a fraud . he take advantage of you and lot of other and he 's in jail now for it . becky he understand I . mari okay whatever . you do not need he and you never do . you never know how to rely on other . that 's you weakness . people be wait to see who Becky something really be . becky who be she ? mari smile and make a ' I do not know 's shrug . mari she 's a woman . 94 , becky she 's a user . mari she 's a mother . becky she 's a deadbeat . mari a person . becky a persona . mari you be healthy . becky recovering . mari okay then . who be Becky something ? becky a way to hide from Rebecca adamczyk . mari who be she ? becky I dunno . nobody 's see she since I be sixteen . tama come in , interrupt . leap at Becky . tama momma I be bored . becky I know sweetheart . mommy 's just catch up with aunt mari . tama can we go outside to play ? becky yeah . let 's go outside . they stand up and slowly get together . mari know this conversation be over but the seed have be plant . offer be on the table . 42 43 95 . Danny join from the kitchen as they walk to the door which lead to the backyard . ext . country house - continuous 42 this be the first time in this story we have be outside and it 's shocking . vampiric . Becky shrink a little and adjust she eye , breath fresh air , react to nature . we have never see she outdoors , ever . tama run off into the yard . Danny put he hand on Becky 's shoulder as they watch tama lovingly and he give she a small look of acceptance and reassurance and that 's all she ever want . Becky step away from it and into the light and walk off the porch into the yard and follow tama into a thicket of tree and let the sun light and wind and all the rest wash over she and she clothes be flow and she look like a ghost in a movie whose spirit be finally let go and dissolves or evaporate into the air . it have that eerie vibe about it . end of act four . interlude # 5 ( no context ) grainy vhs home movie footage : Becky , mari and Ali be collapse in delirious laughter on the floor in front of a paper photo shoot backdrop . this be the photo shoot for the spin cover from interlude 1 . they face be turn red , they be gasp for air as they laugh : just they together , physically , emotionally , have fun and loving be in a band . the best of Times . act five : blue&green / steadicam int . the venue , becky 's dressing room 43 the same venue from Act one . same camera pattern with lighting that start off different , a transition from the balanced , calming hue of Act 4 back to the familiar neon buzz of Act one . this be the end of a full circle . Becky look different : classy and kind of amazing . she have a stylist now and wear designer- ish clothes . her hair be cool and she makeup be mature and appropriate without be a departure from she true style . Becky be alone , bounce about like a pinball . we feel the anxiety and confusion of this experience . 96 . she be about to re-enter the public eye and this be the final moment to herself before the final moment of Becky 's story . everything here , every image , gesture , word and suggestion point towards a definitive conclusion . it 's loom . stay with she as she appreciate the quiet but see also how wreck with anxiety she be . it feel like she may be about to snap . you faintly hear a concert happen already . knock on the door . Becky breath deep . it 's all now or never . becky yeah . Ali and mari come in . obviously they have be practice and stuff so this be not the reunion but it 's a reunion of the public personas and that feel substantial . the woman circle one another , silent , smile , look at they stage outfit . ali so bitchin’ , babe . becky thank you . ( she curtsey ) mari be happy and not hide it ; she bring this together . becky ( cont 'd ) be this a mistake . mari nope . it feel good . Becky look to Ali for backup . ali it 's pretty alright . another knock . it 's a photographer with the event . Howard be with he and beam with pride at see the gang back together . he have on a suit and tie . he have flower for Becky . he kiss they all on the cheek and hand . hand she the flower . howard you all look incredible . thank you . really , thanks for do this . 97 . becky Christ goodman , we be not Lady lazarus the damn Phoenix . howard it 's my night . you try hard as you could to torpedo my business but somehow the company have survive for twenty year so let I throw a live wake . photographer anybody mind if we get a few quick photo ? ali ahhhh , so that 's why you be here . howard you do not think I actually want to see any of you ? they all push back against a wall and pose , Howard and Becky in the middle . smile all around . show mari , Ali and Becky 's face as the flash go off . holding smile . faking it . like King Kong have he photo take . feel the pressure on Becky as the press and the publicity machine begin to consume she . he exit . photographer that 's it . thanks . howard see you out there ? mari uh huh . howard ( to Becky ) it mean a lot to I that you be here . I mean it . I be nearly speechless . becky not nearly enough ya big sap . get outta here . tonight 's not about I . Howard exit and pause at the door . howard why could not you be this smart ten year ago ? 98 . becky I never think I have live this long and want to avoid it . howard see you lady on stage . becky hey . thanks for stick by I . howard there be never a question . mari blow a kiss and Ali wave with both hand . you can hear the current band finish , yell ' thank you and thank you howard 's and applause and they exit the stage . mari and Ali be notice how jittery and on edge Becky be . ali you okay ? becky yeah be . yeah . Fine . it 's iffy and it 's odd be back . do you hear the ghost ? the bone and chain rattling ? do you feel the spirit of the past ? mari it 's different . this space be the same but we be different . becky I have never see it sober before . ali I tell you . it suck . int . the venue , becky's dressing room - moment later it 's the akergirl and they just get off the stage so they be sweaty but very awesome look . they too have mature style , even though they be still like 26 . Super chic , no longer rocker slobbish . like Zelda in Act 1 , they have find the art crowd and have even do advertising campaign . they sit in the front at some fashion show now . becky oh fuck looky here . all hug , smile , kiss . 99 . cassie shit you look ah-may-ze . becky still breathe . cassie that must be it . dottie look at this hair . becky alright alright you be make I feel like a specimen . roxie we like , run from the stage when we hear you be here . becky how're thing ? roxie we new record just come out . becky I know . it 's the best one yet . dottie everybody say the one we make together be the best . becky that 's because they be asshole who do not want artist to change . I be serious . it 's on repeat . I love it . cassie thank you . roxie what about you ? do anything after this ? mari tonight ? roxie no , like in the futurrre , man . something she look at one another .... elephant in the room . Becky avert she eye . 100 . mari abhhh . um --- ali unknown . we be here for Howard . just try to get through tonight . dottie yeah how crazy be this ? do you see Zelda 's here ? ( look at Becky ) shit , sorry . I forget . becky it 's fine . we have speak . she hear what I have to say . actually : she still around ? cassie down the hall . becky maybe this mean something . Excuse I . Becky exit swiftly . the room be quiet for a moment . ali it 's great to see you girl . I be glad you be here for this . she look at roxie and dottie , who be warm and affectionate . dottie yeah man . life go on . cassie it 's amazing to see you together . she look like she 's do great . mari I think she be . cassie you know there 's like , a lot of shit around tonight . she cool with that ? ali probably maybe . hopefully . roxie people be get real fuck up . ali we will keep a eye on she . 44 45 101 . the venue , corridor - that same moment 44 Becky look at the door . none have individual name , all just say ' talent 's so she peek into some open one and finally find a ajar one and knock on it . int . the venue , other dressing room 45 a tattooe girl and a few guy be inside : the girl be vivvy and she know Becky , of course . vivvy be equally cool , but night and day from Becky . Dark hair , dark look . vivvy Becky , whoa fuck you look awesome . becky hey vivvy . think you would be here . vivvy yeah for Howard . right ? becky right on . Becky look past vivvy into a room with people around a table with booze and drug and joint and so on . vivvy you wanna hang ? becky ( in a trance , almost ) uhhhhhh . no. no. I be , um , I be good . I be just Zelda ? vivvy she 's party with we . just step out . wait for she . Becky look at the drug . becky no. I can not . just tell she I be look . vivvy it 's great to see you . you do the thing after ? becky maybe . probably not . my daughter 's here . 46 102 . vivvy how 's tama ? becky she 's good . she 's big . almost seven . vivvy I wanna see she . becky yeah sure . i’1l find you . Becky exit , start to be disorient . the venue , corridor —- continuous 46 she be lose she focus in the hallway which be full of crowd noise and the deja vu and the drug be put she on edge . she have not be around drug since get clean . there 's a circular disorient moment where Becky get light head . she pause and then resume look for Zelda . she open vivvy 's door again , confuse . vivvy Change you mind ? becky oh , uh no . sorry I do not realize this be ... yeah sorry . she close the door and walk off and just as she do Zelda be come towards she . Zelda look incredible and be wear some giant floor length gown / cape thing which be extreme and would look not absurd on exactly four people on earth and she be one of they . zelda Becky something . as I live and breath . becky ( flustered , eternally uncool next to Zelda ) Zee . hey . I be uh , I 's look for you . zelda what 's it all about ? be you guy on soon ? I will be honest , I never think I have see the day . 47 103 . becky you and I both , girl . zelda you look good . really good . becky ummmmm . . . zelda look for I ? becky oh , uh . I mean you can say no and you probably will but I be go to have a little seance right now . very pure , really find a clear on my path before we go , like , do this thing . I know it 's just this song and I know it 's not about I but I want some woman around I to help --- she be rambling . Zelda get it and try to sooth Becky . zelda relax . I have love to . everything 's cool . time pass . they turn and start walk to Becky 's dress room . they walk in silence , Zelda nearly float on whatever special air she breath and Becky , short and more anxious than Zelda have ever be . they enter something she 's room . the venue , becky 's dressing room - continuous 47 Becky move she finger like a conductor but she be summoning all the woman into a circle . she put she hand down , motion for everybody to take one another 's hand . Becky start set up . her belief in mysticism be still powerful . she place small item , crystal , rock , glass , in the hand of all the woman , put ribbon on they and drape a cloth over a stool in the center . she light some smoking thing atop it . she have form a prayer circle . everybody eye one another silently , go with it . it 's reminiscent of aa where people take hand . it show Becky 's belief in power and a program that have work for she . focus on Becky as she do finish touch . it 's clear : she be feel weak right now and be put this on to support herself in a time of crisis . the circle near completion . Becky take she place between mari and ali. 104 . one by one , we see the face of the six other woman , start and end with Becky . they look at one another with confidence , dedication , style and togetherness . Becky take a final silent pause , close she eye , and other follow suit . Becky be hum , some form of ya - ema 's chant . nobody join . but after a moment , Becky speak up . becky I be Rebecca adamczyk . I rely on the strength of other for support . thank you all for be here with I . silence . then : mari I be Mary Louise heller . I be here for you . thank you all for be here with I . ali I be alexandra derringer . I be here for you . thank you all for be here with I . cassie I be caroline schlesinger . I be here for you thank you all for be here with I . dottie I be danielle Zakien . I be here for you . thank you all for be here with I . roxie I be rochelle White . I be here for you . thank you all for be here with I . zelda I be Zelda ellen benson-hartman . I be here for you . thank you all for be here with I . one face to another . ritualistic . calm and beautiful , to see this woman together , no energy , no attitude . after a moment : dottie you name really be Zelda ? zelda uh huh. 105 . dottie fuck that 's so cool . everybody laugh , smile , except Becky , who be still think . open they eye . enjoy the feel this have give . Becky look like she be about to say something but close she mouth . she turn to leave the room and give everybody a warm look . finally , at the last moment , she turn back . becky no matter what happen next , thank you for let I be who I be . I have try and I have try and I have try and you all stick with I . until the very end . Becky exit . the woman be still feel good . zelda I should finish get ready . thanks for let I crash . I know I be not always front row at the Becky show . ali C ’mon . you have be backstage at the Becky show . Zelda blow double kiss with both hand and exit . zelda see you in a few . roxie we should change . still all gross . dottie we be watch you set though . cassie oh shit , yeah . that 's the one thing I absolutely can not miss tonight . mari hope we do not disappoint . cassie never ! ali ( break out of a thoughtful silence ) what do you think she mean by ' until the very end ’? 106 . roxie it 's just a thing people say . ali yeah . maybe . mari what ? you think ...? ali I mean what do we just do ? what do Becky want from we ? cassie strength to overcome ? ali uh huh . or? mari no . she ... she 's ... not now . ali I hope you be right . 48 the venue , corridor - that same moment 48 Zelda be walk down the hall . a roadie approach she . random roadie miss Z , can I get you anything ? zelda no , thank you . random roadie if you need anything , do not hesitate to ask . zelda thank you , sweetheart . Zelda float away : Becky as she could have be . all the fame , the talent , none of the problem . Zelda turn a corner and see Danny , Tiffany ( with round pregnant belly ) , ania with tama , lauren and Ali 's husband roy ( scruffy fellow with a beard ) . another roadie be show they to a private area to watch the show . zelda ( cont 'd ) Danny ! 107 . danny Zelda . hi. other roadie talent only , that way . zelda they be with I . they hug and lauren and Zelda give a more intimate hello , show that in the last five year they hang out sometimes . zelda ( cont 'd ) ( to ania ) you must be Becky 's mother . from down the hall I think you be she . ania oh stop . zelda true story . Zelda be so charming and make people so happy . danny you remember my wife , Tiffany . zelda congratulation . tiffany thank you . zelda how 's radio , dirtbag ? danny ha. good. merging with competition . payout . can not complain . you see the girl ? zelda I just come from they room . you want I to show where it be ? danny I think I remember the way . lauren they be take we to the balcony . 49 108 . zelda nonsense . watch from back here . c’mon , let I take you . ( to roadie ) it 's fine . I have get they . she lead the group back where she come from . zelda ( cont 'd ) ( to Roy ) I be Zelda . roy Roy . zelda Ali be such a beautiful singer . I always know . I love the record you two do . roy ah . you be the one . zelda stop . it 's marvelous . really . and here you be . see you all soon . she stop at the dress room and keep walk , exite . int . the venue , dressing room 49 back into the something she room . only mari be here . she see the group and wonder what 's go on . mari everything okay ? lauren plus one look for plus fun . ania where 's Rebecca ? mari kiss ania hello , same to Danny . mari hey Tiffany . congrat . ( to tama ) hi darling . tama aunt mari ! 50 51 109 . mari she go to unwind or something before we play . danny which be when ? mari ten minute ? nobody be as concerned as they be in act 1 , 2 and 3 . and the lack of concern make people concerned . mari ( cont 'd ) she 's probably meditate or something . the first roadie come in , clipboard in hand . random roadie eight minute until something she . mari eight ? jeez okay let I go look for she . um , you all wait here . the venue , corridor —- continuous 50 mari walk to another room , quickly , with purpose and worry . the venue , catering room - continuous 51 Ali be here with vivvy at a table of food , wine , champagne and other celebratory provision . it 's lavishly cater . vivvy mari . hey . mari hey V. you guy see Becky ? ali not since she leave . vivvy I see she . mari when ? vivvy like two minute ago . in we room . 52 110 . mari but you be here . vivvy yeah I leave . mari right but when ? ali what 's go on ? mari nothing . I mean , come with I ? ali Excuse we . they exit the room and we follow they . the venue , corridor —- continuous 52 ali I be sure it 's fine . mari you see how stone vivvy be ? ali so ? that 's vivvy . mari Becky should not be hang with she . ali I think they just say hey . mari it 's not good to be around that . ali c'mon . give she the benefit . she 's probably in we room . mari be just there . that 's why I be here . ali she 's somewhere else then . relax . you be nervous about the show . 111 . mari you be probably right . it 's nut that we be here at all . ali no kid . they share a brief moment of victory and pride in the journey that have lead they to this point . instantly , Howard appear around a corner with a champagne bottle . howard have we lose Becky already ? mari and that be the big question of the moment . howard I will have a stroke ! I be joke . goddamnit not this again ahhh sonofabitch where be she ? mari around . relaxing , we assume . ali Zelda say we could switch with she if we need more time . howard one smooth night . after all this year be that too much ? ali I be sure she 's back by now . howard I will say hello to Danny . they walk back to the something she dress room . vivvy cross opposite with several other loopy and in party mode . mari study this : she do not like how the sign be pile up . there 's a chill , a tension here that walk behind Howard , mari and Ali express to one another . 53 112 . the venue , dressing room - continuous 53 this be all get very fast again . we be head back to the speed of Act 1 . present in the room : Ali , mari , Howard , Danny , Tiffany , lauren , Roy . everybody look around . there 's tension mount . a roadie pop he head in . Howard put the bottle down . random roadie five minute . howard where be she ? danny tama have to use the bathroom so ania say she have look there . ali with the akergirl ? howard negative . just see they . lauren vivvy ? ali nope. tiffany this be not because I be here , be it ? danny we be long past that . roy be she already at the stage ? mari first time for everything , I guess . lauren take mari 's hand . Roy take Ali 's . everybody be be silent , try hard not to say it . howard do we have faith ? mari she 's earn it . 113. ali she have . the last few week have be great , actually . roy she stay with we upstate . it be rad . ali it 's the old Becky . danny which Old Becky , though ? silence . mari the good one . ali we have to play . so let 's go to the stage and we will find Becky wait there . Ali and mari lead the group out of the room . 54 the venue , corridor - continuous 54 we follow the big train of people . lauren we will let you do you thing . ( to Roy ) let 's get we seat . tiffany I 'il come with . mari kiss lauren and they break off with Tiffany , who kiss Danny , see how nervous and unhappy he be . 55 the venue , behind the stage - continuous 55 cut away to the back of Becky 's head . Far away . isolate . mysterious . ( Act 4 type moment . ) it 's slow motion , curious and different from how the rest of thing move here . we can not see she face . we drift with she and see that she be with guitar , strap on shoulder , she be look out at the stage as it call to she for the first time in many year . 56 57 114 . from behind Becky , you see the gang approach . we see she see they but it 's still far enough away to be mysterious . nobody can see she face because she be light from behind . the venue , corridor - continuous 56 back to the group . mari Holy shit look . she 's there . she 's ready . roadie pop in . random roadie four minute ! ali we be right . howard why be she stand like that ? ali she 's nervous . I know I be . Danny register something slightly off . he be not sure what . danny she 's nervous . she 's alone . the venue , behind the stage - continuous 57 back behind Becky who have not wave or move yet . it play like she might be paralyze with anxiety and it be not until now , when we see from behind Becky that people be finally pretty close to she that , one by one , in close up and in slow motion , we individually see people be they come closer and Becky step one step forward into the light . we see : Howard and Danny . Ali and mari . each show different emotion , from confusion to relief to uncertainty . Becky remain far away , backlit by a spotlight . ali we need to go to she . howard D --- mari 115 . mari and Ali walk towards Becky . we stay behind , watch the three woman from afar , the perspective of spectator . still silent . still calm . slow . see people 's reaction again . this moment be about see Danny and Howard . they face be unambiguously ambiguous . each be certain of something else : the worst . the best . nobody know for sure . from a distance we see the emotional huddle of something she . Becky be shuffle . mari be strong and confident as she put Becky 's head on she shoulder . Ali seem more reluctant to embrace . it 's not clear what be be say but it be clear what be happen : they trust one and love one another . mari and Ali look Becky in the eye and clearly she give a definitive answer . they pause . her head be forcefully nodd , even though she seem wobbly and weak . Becky and mari walk back to Howard and Danny . mari ( cont 'd ) she will be fine . random roadie Three minute ! howard she 'il be fine ? what do that mean she will be fine ? be she straight ? be she mess up ? can she perform ? ali she 's good . we be good . howard find Zelda ! see if she can go on . the roadie run to find Zelda . ali Zelda be not go on now . we be . everybody look at Becky : nervous , by the stage . Becky look up as ania and tama return from the bathroom . she pause : the appearance of she mother and daughter make Becky freeze . she look directly at they . ania see she in the backlight , wobbly and loopy . she look like she know something nobody else know about Becky . danny tell I . what do this mean ? 116 . mari it mean what you want it to mean , Danny boy . ania do she -- have she take anything ? tama run from the group over to Becky . we go with she , swoop towards Becky , get close , finally . Becky swoops up tama , so energize and happy to finally see she mom play for a crowd . this happiness make Becky break . tama I wanna say good luck before you concert mommy . she kiss Becky . at this , Becky break down . not into tear but into herself . it all go in rather than come out . Danny , ania , Howard , mari and Ali have all come to Becky now . she hand tama to Danny and with the weight of a world of shame crush she , face she supporter . becky at the end I have to be I . I cause a lot of pain and I be sorry . I be so nervous . I be so nervous . I do not know how to go out there like that . all by myself . rambling in she own stream of thought , newly laden with regret , disappointment , sadness and a sense of self awareness we have never see before . everybody move towards she , not angry , but with love . ready to embrace she , because that 's all she ever want or need . ania all I ever want be for you to be yourself . the roadie come back with Zelda . random roadie forty five second . forty five to show . Zelda look at what be happen and try to catch up . zelda oh Becky . Becky , darling . be you okay ? 117 . becky thing be okay . thing will be okay . she look to mari and Ali . they be there for she . everybody be confuse , but there 's nothing more to say . there be no answer here , except one : the show must go on . random roadie we be ready for something she in thirty . Danny and ania step aside . the band stay together . Zelda be off to the side by the roadie . danny we should go . ania leave ? danny no . go watch the show . they exit . mari and Ali face Becky . just the three of they . random roadie Fifteen . mari be we okay ? Becky nod , a little weakly . random roadie ten , nine , eight , seven ... becky Rebecca never go on stage expose and alone . she never know how . ali you be not on you own . mari you never be on you own . becky yeah . okay . random roadie Three , two , one . show time folk . that 's a cue for something she . he motion to the stage and the house light go down spotlight hit the on stage microphone . random roadie ( cont ’d ) Howard ? introduce the band . Howard look at Becky , unsure what to do . becky it 's okay . I be ready to go . 118 . anda Ali and mari nod to he to go . Howard step to the stage and the perspective of he remain in the wing as he start talk . we hear he story while mostly watch Becky , mari and Ali hold one another 's hand and face and get ready . howard I first see this next band ... almost ten , god , no , eleven year ago . they be open for , well , it do not matter who they be open for because I leave right after they set . ran backstage . dropped to my knee and begge to let I sign they . and this woman , this once in a lifetime , never be anyone like she in the world , fire brand of a woman , she hair dyed bright blue , look down at I , a desperate pathetic adult man ina leather jacket and no establish career , a label that I run out of my mother 's basement , begging to work with she . and at this time , she 's a nobody . keep in mind , this be maybe they ninth show . and you know what she do ? she look I in the eye and say ' who the fuck be you to want to work with a star like I ? 's ( crowd laughter ) this woman , who have nothing , nobody even know she name , make I beg . torture I for month as I pursue she , follow she , sweeten the offer until finally she give I a chance to talk term . so we plan to meet for breakfast . she show up at two and I realize we have only ever speak at show . the band be hang over as hell , and I probably be too . ( more ) 58 119 . howard ( cont 'd ) she sit down and look I in the eye after month of make I chase , beg , everything , she look at I and she say ' who be you again and what be this about ? 's ( crowd laughter ) we be still on Becky , Ali and mari . Zelda be behind they . Becky look up to the balcony / VIP area at tama and this give she strength to get she head straight , close she eye and focus . she give she head to Ali and mari and they hold she . howard ( cont 'd ) we have be together ever since . through the up , the downs , a friendly lawsuit or two , but mostly , it 's the good time I think about . both of they . ( crowd laughter ) I love and respect the hell out of this and be proud to call they family . please give a paragon welcome , together for the first time in nearly four year : Becky something , Ali Van Der wolff and marielle Hell . lady and gentleman : something she ! the crowd go insane . it 's unreal to see this woman together again . Howard gesture to the stage and Becky freeze like a deer in headlight . she look out at he , the spotlight , the audience , hear the applause and she can not move . mari and Ali be by she side . becky be it today ? be today the day I do not make it ? mari no . today be not the day . ali we be with you . the venue , the stage — continuous 58 something she take the stage and it 's nut . totally electric and you feel the excitement of they be together . it feel iconic because it really be . people never think it would happen , include mari and ali. 120 . Becky look up at tama , who give she a big happy thumb up and Becky catch it with a kiss and put it in she pocket . the applause go on and it hit Becky as strong as huge dose of anything she 's ever take . whatever she be deal with , the anxiety , the year of recovery , it 's nothing compare to this . she become old Becky : arm out receive the love , begging for more . eat it up . Ali and mari be beam and all three embrace for a pre show pose and flash bulb be explode and the stage lighting be dramatic and colorful and it 's amazing and Becky be really happy and look luminescent in the spotlight . she step to the microphone . becky where ya be ? wild applause . becky ( cont 'd ) oh and thanks Howard for the bullshit story because I do not remember it happen like that at all . side of the stage : Howard laugh and find another mic . howard do you remember it at all ? becky I do remember the blue hair . ( laughter from crowd ) oh but what to say what to say what to say ! okay so I know this be all about Howard but I have hear enough kind thing about he to last a lifetime and that be the one he say about himself . ( laughter from crowd ) so I dunno what else be there ? ( more ) 121 . becky ( cont 'd ) I use to think of myself as a island and it take I a lifetime to realize that without people like this woman beside I nobody be nothin 's and I dunno if you hear but I have not exactly do this lately and I be like a little pee shy or whatever and I know I do not ask they about this and Howard if I know you you have get some big bullshit finale plan and I be not include and I do not wanna ruin it bit I be gonna because I have be through some shit and there 's lotsa people who I would not be here without and only like eight of they be here and only like four of they be musician not in this band so if crassy cassie , roxie rotten , dottie 0.Z. and cause I be full of love tonight , Zelda E. Zekial care to come up on stage and help I stumble through this bullshit ? Becky be wire and , drug or no drug , she be fun , energetic and workable . not a disaster . the crowd go more insane for this super group gather as one by one this woman come out and bow to the applause . Becky hug each one and make eye contact with Danny , ania and tama ( near lauren , Tiffany and Roy ) in the balcony . she put she arm around Zelda and step to the mic and be burst with adrenaline and might explode . becky ( cont 'd ) cut the bullshit and love each other , okay ? people applaud and cannot wait to hear music and Zelda kiss Becky . it 's really complete to see a rivalry bury publicly . Becky pull the woman in and huddle , mutter the plan . they take position and the akergirl get instrument and Zelda get a tambourine or some noisy hand instrument and Becky and mari and Ali exchange a warm and loving look and Ali give a drumstick count and the song start . it 's rouse , singalong ready . everybody can take half a verse and sing together , beautifully , on the chorus . two minute long burst of pure punk and the song have a narrative , about the up and downs of be on tour in a band with nothing . one by one they share the mic to tell this story . ( the song be write by alicia bognanno / bully ) 122 . becky ( cont 'd ) I stop count lose track of time ran out of patience I know what 's mine , I know what 's mine you get I angry you read I wrong I kinda like it . kill to belong , kill to belong . if I do not breath I can feel she barely walk take over I she 's alive and I be on to something I have give ten year for a piece of she mind I would I have give a hundred just to hit rewind my hand be easy and my aim be blind resist the feel Control my mind , control my mind . I beg politely . to lie alone nothing 's forever . this much I know . this much I know . if I do not breath I can feel she barely walk take over I she 's alive and I be on to something I have give ten year for a piece of she mind I would I have give a hundred just to hit rewind if I do not breath .... if I do not breath ... it 's so fuck awesome and the crowd go insane at the end . glorious beyond all belief . from the stage wing , Howard be cheer and deeply touch . ( the VIP area : ania , Danny , Tiffany , lauren and Roy love it . Danny make quick eye contact with Becky and take tama through a exit door . ) all seven woman bow and thing be so positive and Becky be sweat like crazy and on she face there 's tear with the sweat and she fall into a loving embrace with mari and Ali , who have come out from behind the kit . Zelda and the akergirl step back to let something she have this . Becky hug all of they and the moment feel complete . Becky have be occupy with where Danny be head and be laser focus on it and without say anything walk off quickly to intercept they . drifting away from the victory . 59 123. mari and Ali leave the stage and walk past Howard who do not know what will happen , alone now . the crowd be chant : crowd becky ! becky ! becky ! the venue , behind the stage - that same moment 59 stay with Becky , behind she , hope to catch Danny . she only make it a few step before see he stand there with she daughter . he be proud and hand tama to Becky once again . Becky be stand in the exact same spot off the side of the stage where she be in the first shot of the movie , pre encore , and just like then the crowd be chant . crowd ( 0.s. ) becky ! becky ! becky ! she hold tama who be happy and smile because she 's never see she mom be so wild and have never hear rock before so this be she first concert and first exposure to rock . becky do you see mommy up there ? tama best song I ever see ! Becky be woozy from adrenaline ( and maybe more ) and hold tama close to she . she can not stand up . she lean on the wall . becky momma be gonna be better , baby , for you . I promise . crowd ( 0.s. ) becky ! becky ! becky ! mari and Ali have be watch Becky with tama . everybody know that Becky only need to get this one thing out of the way to move on with the rest of she life . Becky something , on stage again . drug or no . sober on stage for the first time or simply back on stage after year away . it 's all mostly over now . she 's not a junkie , really , anymore . but recovery be a long process and Danny , mari , and Ali all know that and know that they need to be supportive of Becky right now , as they always have be . crowd ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) becky ! becky ! 124. Howard come back to find they . he look so excited . howard they want more . you get one more ? Becky look at mari and Ali and then down at tama , just hold she mom 's chest and be so happy because she now love rock and roll . tama go play more momma ! Becky pause and think . mari and Ali be ready to go for one more . Becky be now clear head and determine once again . Becky look around at she love one . the crowd keep chant as mari and Ali embrace and look like acceptance and peace have find they at last . becky no . that 's all I get . it 's over . Becky hold tama and close she eye as she lean back on the wall . end of act five . the end .