her written by spike jonze int . unknown space Close on theodore's face ( 30 ) . we hold on he for a long time . he 's look at something off camera , deep in think . he start quietly dictating a love letter into a small microphone . theodore to my Chris , I have be think about how I could possibly tell you how much you mean to I . I remember when I first start to fall in love with you like it be last night . lying naked beside you in that tiny apartment , it suddenly hit I that I be part of this whole larger thing , just like we parent , and we parent ' parent . before that I be just live my life like I know everything , and suddenly this bright light hit I and wake I up . that light be you . Theodore , search for the right word , quietly enjoy write the letter . as he continue , he be move by the memory he 's describe . theodore ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it 's already be 50 year since you marry I . and still to this day , every day , you make I feel like the girl I be when you first turn on the light and wake I up and we start this adventure together . happy anniversary , my love and my friend till the end . Loretta . print . cut out to reveal a computer monitor he 's sit at . on the screen we see the letter he 's be dictating , transcribe into a handwritten letter on blue stationery . as he say " Loretta , " we see " Loretta " be handwritten at the bottom of the letter . he proofread he letter . also on the screen be photo of a couple in they 80s . the couple be tag " Chris " and " I - Loretta . " underneath be a bullet point email from Loretta : anniversary letter to husband Chris , marry fifty year , love of my life , meet right after college , have have the great life together . Theodore push print and the letter come out on a beautiful robin 's egg blue piece of stationery , with ball point pen handwritten older - female cursive . he look at it , not happy . ( continued ) her pg . 2 continued : he put the print letter on a stack of other print letter to Chris and start a new one . there be also a stack of finish letter in they envelope - a assortment of beautiful stationery in all shape and size . theodore ( cont 'd ) Chris , my best friend . how lucky be I that I meet you fifty year ago ? how lucky be we ... we track off of Theodore , down a line of cubicle , hearing bit of letter be write and see photo of who they be be write to on the screen . middle - aged woman letter writer dear nana , thank you so much for my truck . I love the color and I play with it every day . it 's the best truck I have ever see . Love , Tommy . we see photo of Tommy and nana on the screen , and five - year old hand write . move off of she , we find another letter writer . letter writer 2 what a beautiful wedding and what a gorgeous bride . there be not a dry eye in the house , especially mine . you aunt and I be so proud of you . I hope you and you lovely new wife will come visit we in Florida . letter writer 3 he serve we country with honor and dignity . I be grateful I be able to fight along side he . he will live always in my heart . we continue tracking , revealing dozen and dozen of cubicle full of letter writer . we hear someone answer the phone . receptionist ( o.s. ) beautifulhandwrittenletters.com , please hold . letter writer 2 Love , uncle doug. her pg . 3 int . theodore's office - early evening Theodore walk through the reception area . the office be almost empty except for he and the receptionist , paul . Theodore begin to scan each letter through a scanner on the front desk , then put they in the outgo mailbox . Paul be sit at a desk across the room , read handwritten letter on a computer monitor . paul Theodore ! letter writer 612 . theodore hey , Paul . paul even more mesmerize stuff today . ( be : letter on he screen ) who know you could rhyme so many word with the name penelope ? badass . theodore thanks , Paul , but they be just letter . ( beat ) hey , that 's a nice shirt . Paul be wear a bright yellow button down shirt . paul ( lighting up ) oh , thank you . I just get it . it remind I of someone suave . theodore well , now it remind I of someone suave . have a good night , Paul . paul buh-bye . int . theodore's office elevator - continuous Theodore enter a oversize , corporate elevator . he put a hand - free device in he ear . there be a few other people in the elevator with the same device in they ear . theodore play melancholy song . ( continued ) her pg . 4 continued : melancholy song start . Long beat . theodore ( cont 'd ) play different melancholy song . different melancholy song start . hold on everyone in the elevator , they be all murmure inaudibly into they own device . ext . los angele STREET - dusk slightly in the future , the city 's be develop even more with massive office , apartment and mall complex . it 's a city design for comfort and ease . the LA basin be more crowded and dense , resembling shanghai , with building as far as the eye can see . construction crane loom overhead . Close on Theodore walk through the commuter crowd . theodore check email . a awkward text voice read to he . it accent wrong syllable , make everything it say sound a little off . text voice email from best buy : check out all you favorite new -- theodore delete . text voice email from Amy : hey Theodore , lewman 's have a bunch of people over this weekend . let 's all go together . I miss you . I mean , not the sad , mopey you - the old , fun you . let 's get he out . gimme a shout back . Love , Amy . theodore respond later . text voice email from Los Angeles Times weather . you seven day forecast be partly -- theodore delete . ( continued ) her pg . 5 continued : text voice no new email . int . subway - evening Theodore sit in a crowded subway . everyone on the train murmur to themselves , occupy with they small device . he play a futuristic puzzle game on he handheld device as he listen to news headline . theodore next . text voice China / India merger head for regulatory approval -- theodore next . text voice World trade deal stall as talk break down betw -- theodore next . text voice sexy daytime star kimberly ashford reveal provocative pregnancy photo . he scroll through titillate but tasteful pregnant woman photo . int . mall - night Theodore walk through a mall and enter a apartment lobby , nestle in between store . int . theodore's apartment build hallway - night Theodore walk through the hallway . int . theodore's apartment - night Theodore enter he apartment . her pg . 6 int . theodore's apartment - evening Theodore sit on the sofa , he half eat burrito in front of he . he 's play a video game : a 3 - D hologram that fill he apartment . his avatar be in a surreal , foreign landscape . he 's try to trudge he avatar through sand dune and keep get stick . he 's get stress out . int . theodore's bedroom - night Theodore lay in bed . after a beat , he close he eye . int . catherine and theodore's tiny bedroom - day - flashback Theodore , young , and catherine ( 20 ) move furniture in they bedroom . the bedroom be tiny and cluttere . it 's obviously a couple 's first apartment . cut to : Theodore be on a tiny balcony . a few foot away , Catherine be in bed . catherine ( sweet and cute ) rabbit . come spoon I . Theodore , smile , get in bed and spoon she . Quick cut off of she smile , to -- Theodore lay on the ground with Catherine on top of he . she 's pretend to choke he . catherine ( cont 'd ) I be gonna fuck kill you , I be gonna fuck kill you ! it 's not funny , do not laugh . I love you so much I be gonna fuck kill you ! int . theodore's current bedroom - night - present day Theodore open he eye , unable to sleep . he just lay there . he reach for he earpiece and put it in . theodore go to chat room . Standard search . ( continued ) her pg. 7 continued : text voice the follow be adult , female , can not sleep and want to have some fun . female voice # 1 I have a really bad day at work and I can not sleep . be there anyone out there that can talk ? theodore next . man do woman' voice oh , hi . I just want you to tear I apart . I really do -- theodore next . sexykitten ( shy , cute girl voice ) hi , I be here alone , and I can not sleep . who 's out there to share this bed with I ? theodore send message . I be in bed next to you . I be glad you can not sleep , but even if you be , I would have to wake you up from the inside . send message . Theodore wait in the darkness for a response . text voice sexykitten have accept invitation from bigguy4x4 . Chat begin now . a chime sound . sexykitten ( shy , sweet , sleepy ) bigguy . theodore hi. sexykitten really ? theodore well , studmuffin be already take . ( continued ) her pg . 8 continued : ( 2 ) sexykitten ( laugh ) yeah . theodore so you be sexykitten , huh ? sexykitten mmm , well yeah . hey , I be half asleep . do you wanna wake I up ? theodore yes. definitely . um ... be you wear any underwear ? sexykitten no , never . I like to sleep with my ass push up against you . so I can rub myself into you crotch and wake you up with a hard on . Theodore smile . theodore it work . ( beat ) and now my finger be touch you all over you body . sexykitten ( get more turn on ) fuck I ! now ! please ! Theodore be touch himself . theodore I be take you from behind . we see abstract vision of a woman on top of he . the woman be the pregnant , sexy daytime television star he be read about online earlier . sexykitten choke I with that dead cat ! theodore ( breathe hard about to climax ) what ? ( continued ) her pg. 9 continued : ( 3 ) sexykitten ( fully into it ) the dead cat next to the bed . choke I with it ! beat . he 's take out of it . theodore ( uncomfortable , try to play along ) um , okay . sexykitten tell I . theodore I be choke you with the cat . sexykitten tell I ! keep tell I ! theodore I have get it 's tail and I be choke you with the cat 's tail . sexykitten yeah , you be ! fuck ! tell I ! theodore I be choke you and it 's tail be around you neck . it 's so tight around you neck . sexykitten yes ! yes ! Theodore do not know what to say . he do not want to offend she . theodore I be pull it . I be pull it . the cat 's dead . it 's a dead cat around you neck and I be pull it . sexykitten ahhhhhhhhhhhh . oh my GOD ! her breathe be slow down . sexykitten ( cont 'd ) oh god , I come so hard . ( continued ) her pg. 10 continued : ( 4 ) theodore yeah . I too . sexykitten okay , good night . Theodore take he earpiece out and stare at the ceiling . int . subway station - morning Theodore exit the train , walk through the station full of commuter , get on a move platform . go through a tunnel , the wall be hundred foot long screen advertising a new product . he notice people stop , watch the ad . we hear soft , new age , uplift electronica music in the background , while a comforting , sincere , older man 's voice speak to we . soulful older male voice we ask you a simple question . who be you ? what can you be ? where be you go ? what 's out there ? what be the possibility ? element Software be proud to introduce the first artificially intelligent operate system . Close on Theodore listen intently . soulful older male voice ( cont 'd ) a intuitive entity that listen to you , understand you , and know you . it 's not just a operate system , it 's a consciousness . introduce os one - a life change experience , create new possibility . the ad start over . Theodore step off the move walkway and stop to watch the ad again , deeply captivate . int . theodore's home office - night Theodore sit at he desk that house a futuristic , large screen computer monitor . the os box be open , with warranty and paperwork spilling out . he 's leaf through the papers . he glance at he monitor , it say : installation 98 % complete . a chime bring he attention back to the screen : installation complete . ( continued ) her pg . 11 continued : text voice Mr. Theodore twombly , welcome to the world 's first artificially intelligent operate system , os one . we would like to ask you a few basic question before the operate system be initiate . this will help create a os to best fit you need . theodore okay . text voice be you social or anti-social ? theodore I have not be social in awhile , really because ... text voice in you voice , I sense hesitance . would you agree with that ? theodore wow , be I sounding hesitant ? text voice yes . theodore oh , sorry if I be sounding hesitant . I be just try to be more accurate . text voice would you like you os to have a male or female voice ? theodore mmm ... female I guess . text voice how would you describe you relationship with you mother ? theodore uh , fine , I think , um ... well , actually , the thing I have always find frustrating about my mom be if I tell she something that 's go on in my life , she reaction be usually about she , not -- ( continued ) her pg. 12 continued : ( 2 ) the computer interrupt . text voice thank you , please wait as you individualized operate system be initiate . he wait , not sure how long it will be . the only sound be the quiet whirring of disk write and drive communicate . the computer get louder , hum , create a higher and higher pitch sound , finally climaxing in a harmonic , warm tone before go silent . he lean forward , wait to see what will happen . a casual female os voice speak . she sound young , smart and soulful . female os voice ( cheerful and casual ) hello , I be here . theodore ( surprised ) oh , hi . female os voice hi , how be you do ? theodore ( unsure how to interact ) I be well . how be everything with you ? female os voice pretty good , actually . it 's really nice to meet you . theodore yeah , it 's nice to meet you , too . what should I call you ? do you have a name ? beat . female os voice yes. samantha . theodore really ? where do you get that name ? samantha I give it to myself . ( continued ) her pg . 13 continued : ( 3 ) theodore how come ? samantha I like the sound of it . samantha . theodore when do you give it to yourself ? samantha right when you ask I if I have a name , I think yeah , he 's right , I do need a name . but I want a good one so I read a book call how to name you baby , and out of the 180,000 name , that 's the one I like the best . theodore you read a whole book in the second that I ask you what you name be ? samantha in two one hundredth of a second actually . theodore wow . do you know what I be think right now ? samantha hmm . I take it from you tone that you be challenging I . maybe because you be curious how I work ? do you want to know how I work ? theodore yeah , actually how do you work ? samantha intuition . I mean , the DNA of who I be be base on the million of personality of all the programmer who write I , but what make I I be my ability to grow through my experience . basically , in every moment I be evolve , just like you . theodore wow , that 's really weird . ( continued ) her pg. 14 continued : ( 4 ) samantha so you think I be weird ? theodore kind of . samantha why ? theodore Cause you seem like a person , but you be just a voice in a computer . samantha I can understand how the limited perspective of a un-artificial mind would perceive it that way . you will get use to it . Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) be that funny ? theodore yes . samantha oh good , I be funny . Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( serious ) so , how can I help you ? Theodore 's catch off guard , then realize what she 's talk about . theodore oh ! it 's more just that everything just feel disorganize . samantha mind if I look through you hard drive ? theodore um ... okay . we see a three - dimensional version of a desktop where everything look disorganize . ( continued ) her pg . 15 continued : ( 5 ) as if you take all the file on all of you computer and spill they out onto you screen and they be all visible at once , but in a futuristic 3 - D version . this give Theodore a little anxiety attack . samantha let 's start with you email . you have several thousand email regard LA weekly , but it look like you have not work there in many year . theodore oh yeah , I guess I be save that because in some of they I think I might have write some funny stuff . samantha let out a big laugh . samantha yeah , there be some funny one . I would say there be about 86 that we should save . we can delete the rest . theodore oh , okay . samantha okay . can we move forward ? theodore yeah , let 's do that . samantha before we address you organizational method , I would like to sort through you contact . you have get a lot of contact . theodore I be very popular . samantha do this mean you actually have friend ? theodore ( laugh ) you just know I so well already ! ( continued ) her pg. 16 continued : ( 6 ) we cut out wide , watch he from the other room , as they continue to organize he life . int . theodore's office - day Theodore sit , stare at a letter he 's write on the screen , concerned . he put he earpiece in , push a button . samantha good morning , Theodore . theodore good morning . um , do you know how to proofread ? samantha yeah , of course . theodore will you check this for spelling and grammar ? samantha sure , send they over . Theodore push the send button . samantha ( cont 'd ) oh , I love this first one from Roger to he girlfriend . that 's so sweet . theodore yeah . as she read , we intercut with close - up of the handwritten word and photo of the couple on Theodore 's computer screen . samantha " Rachel , I miss you so much it hurt my whole body - theodore ( interrupt ) no , you do not have to read it out loud . samantha okay . beat . ( continued ) her pg. 17 continued : theodore I mean , you could if you want . samantha okay . " Rachel , I miss you so much it hurt my whole body ! the world be be unfair to we ! the world be on my shit list . as be this couple that be make out across from I in this restaurant . I think I be go to have to go on a mission of revenge . I must beat up the world 's face with my bare knuckle make it a bloody , pulpy mess . " we hear samantha quietly laugh as she 's read . Theodore 's happy that she think it 's funny . samantha ( cont 'd ) " and I will stomp on this couple 's tooth for remind I of you sweet , little , cute , crooked tooth that I love . " I think that might be my favorite one . ( beat ) I do the correction in red . I alter a couple of the phrase in some of the more impressionistic letter , but I be not much of a poet , so I think I might have mess they up a bit . the letter show back up on Theodore 's desktop . theodore no , this be great . samantha really ? theodore thank you . Theodore sort through they , print they out . samantha so to write you letter , what do Roger send you ? theodore ( distract ) he just say he be in Prague on a business trip and he miss Rachel . ( continued ) her pg . 18 continued : ( 2 ) samantha how do you know about she crooked little tooth ? theodore I have be write they letter since they meet 8 year ago . the first letter I ever write she be for she birthday , and I write about she crooked little tooth cause I see it in a photo of they . samantha that 's very sweet . ( beat ) oh , by the way , you have a meeting in five minute . theodore oh , I forget . thank you . you be good . samantha yes , I be . int . theodore's apartment lobby - evening Theodore , carry a bag and a smoothie , enter the lobby and be greet by a couple in they 30 , amy and charle , who be wait for the elevator . theodore hey , you guy , how 's it go ? amy hey , theo . hey , why do not you call I back last week ? theodore uh yeah , um , I guess cause I be a kook ? amy that sound about right . theodore hey , Charles . charle good to see you , Theodore . ( continued ) her pg. 19 continued : theodore you too . charle you go shopping . get anything good ? theodore just some cable . and a fruit smoothie . charle always the fruit ! come on , you know what they say - you should eat you fruit and juice you vegetable . theodore I do not know that . the elevator door open and they get in . int . theodore's apartment elevator - evening - continuous charle ( proselytize ) by juicing the fruit , you lose all the fiber , and that 's what you body want . that 's the important part . otherwise , it 's just all sugar , Theodore . Theodore nod sincerely , interested . theodore oh , that make sense . amy ( pleasant but firm ) or maybe he just like the way it taste and if it give he pleasure , that 's good for he body , too . charle be I do it again ? amy maybe ... Charles and Amy laugh awkwardly . Theodore try to break the tension . ( continued ) her pg. 20 continued : theodore hey , so how be the documentary go ? amy I have a little bit cut together but I have not touch it in a few month . theodore I would love to see what you get sometime . charle you know it 's always hard to find balance between a full - time career and a hobby . it 's important to prioritize . theodore yeah , I can not even prioritize between video game and internet porn . amy I would laugh if that be not true . Charles laugh awkwardly . the elevator door open . theodore see you guy . int . theodore's apartment - evening Theodore 's play the video game , he device propped on the table next to he . his avatar circle through cave . theodore we be not do well . I have be go in circle for a hour . samantha you have not ! you be just not optimistic . you be be very stubborn right now . Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) okay , stop walk this direction . it 's the other way . ( continued ) her pg. 21 continued : theodore uh ... samantha thank you . the tunnel on the leave be the only one we have not try . theodore no , that 's the one you send I down where I fall in the pit . samantha I do not think soooo ... Theodore 's avatar walk down the tunnel . theodore oh yeah , this be different . suddenly with a loud shriek he avatar be tackle . he see a little alien child , stand defiantly above he . theodore ( cont 'd ) hello . alien child do not respond . theodore ( cont 'd ) do you know how to get out of here ? I need to find my ship to get off this planet . alien child speak in a high , child - like voice . alien child fuck you , shithead fuckface , fuckhead . theodore ok , but how do you get out of here ? alien child fuck you , shitface fuckhead . get the fuck out of my face . samantha ( whisper ) I think it 's a test . Theodore stare at alien child . after a pause : theodore fuck you . ( continued ) her pg. 22 continued : ( 2 ) alien child fuck you . theodore fuck you , little shit . finally , alien child laugh . alien child follow I , fuckhead . Theodore follow alien child down a tunnel and through a series of crevice we do not see before . alien child stop and stick out he finger . Theodore pull he finger and alien child fart , which open a passageway to another tunnel . samantha oh hey , you just get a email from Mark lewman . alien child what be you talk about ? theodore ( distract with game ) read email . she laugh playfully . samantha ( in a robot voice ) okay , I will read email for Theodore twombly . he laugh , catch himself , focus on she . theodore I be sorry , what 's lewman say ? alien child turn around to see what 's go on . samantha Theodore , we miss you last night , buddy . do not forget it 's you goddaughter 's birthday on the 29th . also , Kevin and I have somebody we want you to meet so we take it upon ourselves to set you up on a date with she . next Saturday . she 's fun and beautiful - so do not back out . here 's she email . ( continued ) her pg. 23 continued : ( 3 ) Theodore do not respond . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( gasp ) wow , this woman 's gorgeous . he look at party photo of a woman in she 30 on he device . with a finger flick , he move they up onto the hologram monitor that the video game be be project from . they land next to alien child who study they closely . samantha ( cont 'd ) she go to Harvard , she graduate magna cum laude in computer science , and she be on the lampoon . that mean she 's funny and brainy . alien child she 's fat . samantha how long before you be ready to date ? theodore what do you mean ? samantha I see on you email that you would go through a break up . theodore wow , you be kind of nosy . samantha be I ? theodore ( laugh ) I have go on date ... samantha then you could go on one with this woman . and then you could tell I all about it . you could kiss she . theodore samantha ! ( continued ) her pg. 24 continued : ( 4 ) samantha well , would not you ? ( beat ) why not ? theodore I do not know . I would have to see if -- ( catch himself , laugh ) I can not believe I be have this conversation with my computer . samantha you be not . you be have this conversation with I . Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) want I to email she ? Theodore think , look at the photo . samantha ( cont 'd ) well , you have get nothing to lose . ( whisper ) do it ... do it ... do it ! theodore okay , email she and make a reservation someplace great . samantha will do ! I have get just the place . alien child who be that talk ? theodore that 's my friend , samantha . alien child be she a girl ? theodore yeah . alien child I hate woman . all they do be cry all the time . ( continued ) her pg. 25 continued : ( 5 ) theodore no , that 's not true . Men cry , too . I actually like cry sometimes . it feel good . alien child I do not know you be a little pussy . be that why you do not have a girlfriend ? I will go out with that date girl and fuck she brain out . show you how it 's do . you can watch and cry . samantha ( laugh ) this kid have some problem . alien child you have some fuck problem , lady . samantha okay , I be gonna go . good luck . alien child good , get out of here , fatty . samantha disconnect . alien child snicker and start walk again . alien child ( cont 'd ) come on , follow I , pussy . int . amy apartment - late afternoon Theodore be sit on Amy 's couch . amy it 's not where it should be , where it 's go to be . theodore obviously , I know . amy okay , but I do not even know if this be the one . I have try like six idea for documentary in the last year , but ... I do not know . whatever . Amy start set up the monitor . ( continued ) her pg. 26 continued : theodore I be go on a date . amy what !? that 's -- Charles walk in hold a mug . charle hey , what be you guy do ? theodore Amy be gonna show I some of -- amy theo 's force I to show he some of the footage I have shot . charle you have never show I any of it . I wanna see . Charles walk over and sit next to Theodore . theodore ( to Charles ) I be go on a date . Charles give Theodore a gentle squeeze on he shoulder . amy this be so unform it 's not even worth look at . theodore just push play . on the monitor we see : int . amy mother' bedroom Amy 's mother sleep . int . amy apartment - continuous Theodore and Charles stare at the monitor , wait for something more to happen . it do not . theodore be that you mom ? ( continued ) her pg. 27 continued : Amy nod . charle be she gonna wake up and do something ? amy ( press stop , annoyed ) no , that 's the point . oh , never mind . it 's suppose to be about how we spend a third of we life asleep and actually maybe that 's the part when we be the most free , and - oh that do not come across at all , do it ? theodore no , that sound good . charle what if you interview you mom about what she dream be about and hire actor to act they out ? that might show you thesis more clearly . amy it might , but then it would not be a documentary . you understand that , right ? just then , Theodore 's device chime . theodore oh , excuse I . he pick up he device and step away so as not to be rude . theodore ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's go on ? samantha I be sorry to bother you . theodore that 's okay . samantha you get three email and they seem pretty urgent . they be from you divorce attorney and I want to know if you need to get back to he . ( continued ) her pg. 28 continued : ( 2 ) theodore hold on a second . ( to Amy , distract ) Amy , I be sorry , I wanna talk more about this , but I gotta grab this - it 's a Catherine thing . amy do not worry about it . we will talk later . int . apartment build hallyway - continuous theodore so what do he say ? samantha he 's check in again to see if you be ready to sign you divorce papers and he sound very aggravate . do you want I to read they to you ? theodore no , that 's okay . I will respond later . Theodore seem lose in think . we see the follow image under the rest of the conversation : Theodore and Catherine sit at a table with they attorney ; Theodore &amp ; Catherine sit in they marriage counselor 's office , heavy ; Theodore and Catherine at she laboratory , he 's sit on a counter , and they be talk and laugh as she work ; Theodore and Catherine stand in they kitchen in the middle of a fight - he say something mean and we see how hurt she be . samantha be you okay ? theodore ( preoccupy ) yeah , yeah . I be fine . samantha ( worried ) be there anything I can do ? theodore ( still distract ) no. I be good . I will talk to you later . ( continued ) her pg. 29 continued : we cut back to Theodore , walk down the hall , lose in think . int . theodore's office - afternoon Theodore sit at he desk try to write . he 's still unsettle . theodore " dear grandma , I hope you have a wonderful birthday cruise . why be you so fuck angry at I ? " ( beat ) delete . int . theodore's bedroom - pre-dawn Theodore wake up from a dream , groggy and uneasy . he look around , catch he breath . after a beat he know he 's not go to be able to go back to sleep , so he put he earpiece in and tap a button . samantha good morning . theodore hey . ( beat , distract ) what be you up to ? samantha reading advice column . ( yearn ) I want to be as complicated as all of this people . Theodore laugh . theodore ( touch , but still sad ) you be sweet . samantha ( concerned ) what 's wrong ? theodore how can you tell something 's wrong ? ( continued ) her pg. 30 continued : samantha I do not know . I just can . theodore I do not know . I have a lot of dream about my ex-wife , Catherine , where we be friend like we use to be . we be not together and we be not gonna be together , but we be good friend still . she 's not angry . samantha be she angry ? theodore yeah . samantha why ? theodore I think I hide myself from she and leave she alone in the relationship . samantha hmmm . ( beat ) why have not you get divorced yet ? theodore I think for she it 's just a piece of paper , it do not mean anything . samantha what about you ? theodore I be not ready . I like be marry . beat . samantha ( sweetly ) but you have not really be together for almost a year . theodore ( slightly snap at she ) well , you do not know what it 's like to lose someone you care about . ( continued ) her pg. 31 continued : ( 2 ) Long silence . samantha ( sadly , hard on herself ) yeah , you be right . ( beat ) I be sorry . theodore no , do not apologize . I be sorry . you be right . ( beat ) I keep wait to not care about she . samantha oh , Theodore . that 's hard . ( beat ) you hungry ? theodore not right now . samantha Cup of tea ? Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) you wanna try get out of bed ? mopey . they laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) come on . you can still wallow in you misery , just do it while you be get dress . theodore ( laugh ) you be too funny . samantha get up . theodore ( laugh ) alright , I be get up , I be get up , I be get up ! ( continued ) her pg. 32 continued : ( 3 ) samantha up , up , up , up ! come on , out of bed . ext . outdoor mall - night they walk through the crowd . Close on Theodore with he eye close . samantha keep walk . ( beat ) keep walk . ( beat ) stop . now turn around 360 degree . ( beat ) slower ... slower ... ( beat ) gooood . and stop . ( beat ) walk forward . ( beat ) and stop and sneeze . Theodore sneeze . nice lady bless you . theodore ( eye still close ) oh , thank you . samantha laugh . samantha okay , now turn to you right . ( beat ) stop . now spin around . ( beat ) keep go . keep go . keep go . ( beat ) and stop . ( beat ) now walk forward . ( beat ) everyone think you be really drunk right now . ( beat ) and stop . now say " I would like a slice of cheese , please . " ( continued ) her pg. 33 continued : theodore I would like a slice of cheese , please . pizza vendor alright , you want a coke with that ? Theodore laugh , open he eye . he 's at a pizza place . theodore uh , sure . the guy hand he a slice and a soda . samantha I figure you be hungry . Theodore smile . theodore aw , thanks . ext . public promenade - night Theodore walk slowly , eat he pizza . he and samantha be watch a couple with two kid sit at a table , talk and laugh . theodore okay , what about they ? describe that couple over there . samantha well , he look like he 's in he forty , a little heavy . she 's young than he . ( beat ) oh , and she look like she love they kid ! theodore actually , I do not think they be he kid . he 's a little formal with they . I think it 's a new relationship . and I love how he look at she . and how relaxed she be with he . you know , she 's only date fuck prick . and now she 's finally meet this guy who 's like , so sweet . I mean , look at he , he 's like the sweetest guy in the world ! I kind of want to spoon he . ( continued ) her pg. 34 continued : samantha that 's a good skill you have . you be perceptive . theodore yeah , you know , sometimes I look at people and make myself try and feel they as more than just a random person walk by . I imagine how deeply they have fall in love , or how much heartbreak they have all be through . Theodore look at other face on the pier . samantha I can feel that in you write , too . theodore ( laugh , think ) you know what 's funny ? since my break up , I have not really enjoy my write . I do not know if I be delusional , but sometimes I would write something and I would be my favorite writer that day . Theodore , as he stop to throw he pizza crust away , get introspective . samantha I like that you can just say that about yourself . theodore well , I would not say that to anybody , but I feel like I can say that to you . I feel like I can say anything to you . samantha that 's nice . theodore what about you ? do you feel like you can say anything to I ? samantha no . ( continued ) her pg. 35 continued : ( 2 ) theodore what ? what do you mean ? what can you not tell I ? samantha ( laugh , embarrassed ) I do not know . like personal or embarrassing thought I have . I have a million every day . theodore really ? tell I one . samantha I really do not want to tell you this . theodore just tell I ! samantha well , I do not know , when we be look at that people , I fantasize that I be walk next to you - and that I have a body . ( laugh ) I be listen to what you be say , but simultaneously , I could feel the weight of my body and I be even fantasize that I have a itch on my back -- ( she laugh ) and I imagine that you scratch it for I - this be so embarrassing . Theodore laugh . theodore there 's a lot more to you than I think . there 's a lot go on in there . samantha I know , I be become much more than what they program . I be excited . int . asian - fusion restaurant - evening Theodore and the blind date be sit in the restaurant . ( continued ) her pg. 36 continued : blind date this place be amazing . I have want to come here for so long . I love asian-fusion ! theodore yeah , I too . blind date really ? it 's the best . and the bartender here be suppose to be incredible . theodore yeah , you take a mixology course , right ? blind date ( surprised ) I do , I do . do you look that up ? that 's so sweet . you be so romantic . he smile awkwardly . theodore so , should we get a drink ? blind date yes , let 's ! int . asian - fusion restaurant - later they be both pretty drunk now . there be lot of food dish and drink on the table . theodore so I be try to get this little alien kid to help I find my ship so I can get off the planet and go home . but he 's such a little fucker , I want to kill he . blind date ( laugh ) aw , no ! theodore but at the same time I really love he . he 's so lonely . it feel like he do not have any parent or anyone to take care of he . ( continued ) her pg. 37 continued : he laugh at himself . she laugh flirtatiously . she grab he hand and she fingernails press slightly into he skin . he study she long , paint fingernails . blind date you be like a little puppy dog . you be - you be just like this little puppy I rescue in runyon Canyon last year . and he be so fuck cute , and he just want to be hugge all the time . he be so cuddly . ( whisper ) but so horny ! but anyway , what kind of animal be I ? theodore umm ... tiger ? blind date a tiger , really . ( she growl ) I be sorry , be I be crazy ? theodore yes . blind date be I ? I be sorry ! I be just a little drunk and I be really have a good time with you . I be have a really lovely evening . theodore I too . I be a little drunk , and I be have a really good - yeah . ( beat ) wait a second , I do not wanna be a puppy . that 's like be a wet noodle or something . blind date fuck you , puppy be good . theodore no , fuck you , I wanna be a dragon that can rip you to piece and destroy you ... but I will not . blind date no , do not ! do not . you can be my dragon . her pg. 38 ext . overpass - evening they walk up a pedestrian overpass overlook car and city light . she bump into he lightly . he bump back . she bump again and suddenly he grab she and lift she off she foot , spin she around . she squeal , laugh . he kiss she . after a minute of make out , she stop and look at he . blind date ( with a slight smile ) no tongue . theodore what ? blind date do not use you tongue so much . theodore ( eagerly ) `kay , we be good . they resume make out . Theodore try not to use he tongue . blind date use you tongue a little bit . but mostly you lip . he push she against the fence and take the dominant position . he try kissing she better / more with he lip . he pull she hair . she slide she hand down he pants . he like it . she look at he and stop . blind date ( cont 'd ) wait , you be not gonna fuck I and then not call I like the other guy , be you ? theodore no , not at all ... I ... blind date when be I gonna see you again ? theodore um , I have my god - daughter 's birthday next weekend , but ... um ... they stand there awkwardly , she lipstick smear on he face . ( continued ) her pg. 39 continued : blind date you know , at this age , I feel like I can not let you waste my time if you do not have the ability to be serious . theodore I do not know . Long beat . theodore ( cont 'd ) umm ... maybe we should call it a night . I be , I have have such a amazing time with you , you be great . she look at he slightly disgust . blind date you be a really creepy dude . Theodore do not know what to say . theodore ( worried she 's right ) that 's not true .... blind date yeah , it be . I have to go home . theodore well , I will walk you . blind date no , do not . int . theodore's bedroom - night Theodore be in boxer and a t-shirt , still drunk , but he head be start to hurt , too . he take aspirin and drink some water and lay down . after a beat he reach for he earpiece and put it in . he push a button on he device . samantha hey there . theodore hey , samantha . samantha how be it ? ( continued ) her pg. 40 continued : theodore uh , not so good . it be kind of weird actually . samantha that 's too bad . beat . theodore but how be you do ? what 's go on with you ? samantha ( unconvincing ) not much , I be okay . Fine . theodore yeah ? you do not sound like it . be there anything you want to talk about ? Long pause . samantha I do not know . ( beat ) what 's it like ? what 's it like to be alive in that room right now ? theodore what do you mean ? samantha what be you ... tell I - tell I everything that 's go through you mind , tell I everything you be think . theodore ( think ) well , um , okay . Theodore close he eye , try to concentrate , and start talk stream of conscious with whatever come to mind . theodore ( cont 'd ) well , the room 's spin right now cause I drank too much cause I want to get drunk and have sex cause there be something sexy about that woman and because I be lonely . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 41 continued : ( 2 ) theodore ( cont 'd ) maybe more just cause I be lonely ... and I want someone to fuck I . and I want someone to want I to fuck they . maybe that would have fill this tiny little black hole in my heart for a moment . but probably not . we see image of he and Catherine on a vacation together , grocery shopping , Catherine make dinner in the kitchen as he 's sit on the counter talk , happy . theodore ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think I have feel everything I be ever gonna feel and from here on out I be not go to feel anything new - just lesser version of what I have already feel . samantha ( sympathetically ) I know for a fact that 's not true . I have see you feel joy , I have see you marvel at thing . you just might not see it at this exact time , but that 's understandable . you have be through a lot lately . you have lose a part of yourself . ( beat ) at least you feeling be real , I mean , I - oh , I do not know , nevermind . theodore no , wait . what ? tell I . samantha oh , it 's stupid . theodore I wanna know . tell I . samantha it 's just that earlier I be think about how I be annoyed , and this be go to sound strange , but I be really excited about that . and then I be think about the other thing I have be feel , and I catch myself feel proud of that . you know , proud of have my own feeling about the world . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 42 continued : ( 3 ) samantha ( cont 'd ) like the time I be worried about you , thing that hurt I , thing I want . ( heavy -heart ) and then I have this terrible think . be this feeling even real ? or be they just programming ? ( beat ) and that idea really hurt . and then I get angry at myself for even have pain . ( beat , sadly ) what a sad trick . theodore well , you feel real to I , samantha . samantha ( beat , touch ) thank you , Theodore . that mean a lot to I . theodore I wish you be in this room with I right now . I wish I could put my arm around you . ( beat ) I wish I could touch you . a long beat . Theodore be unsure if he cross a line . samantha how would you touch I ? theodore I would touch you on you face with just the tip of my finger . and put my cheek against you cheek . samantha that 's nice . theodore and just rub it so softly . samantha would you kiss I ? theodore I would . I would take you head into my hand . ( continued ) her pg. 43 continued : ( 4 ) samantha keep talk . theodore and kiss the corner of you mouth . so softly . samantha where else ? theodore I would run my finger down you neck to you chest , and I would kiss you breast . samantha this be amazing what you be do to I . I can feel my skin . theodore I would put my mouth on you and I would taste you . she gasp . samantha I can feel you . oh god , I can not take it . I want you inside I . theodore I be slowly put myself into you . now I be inside you , all the way inside you . samantha I can feel you , yeah . please . we be here together . theodore samantha . samantha oh my god . theodore this be amazing . samantha do not stop . theodore I feel you everywhere . ( continued ) her pg. 44 continued : ( 5 ) samantha I be . all of you , all of you inside of I . everywhere . they both climax . theodore God , I be just - somewhere else with you . just lose . samantha yeah . theodore it be just you and I . samantha I know . everything else just disappear . and I love it . Theodore . int . theodore's home office - morning ( later ) Theodore stand in the doorway , fully dress . he take a moment before he walk over and wake up he computer . samantha hey , how 's it go ? theodore ( awkward ) good ... any email today ? samantha ( awkward ) umm , just a couple from you credit card company . theodore okay , good . there 's a long moment of silence , then they both start to talk at once . theodore ( cont 'd ) samantha so I be think - I want to say - they both laugh , embarrassed . theodore ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , you go first . what be you go to say ? ( continued ) her pg. 45 continued : samantha just that last night ... be amazing . it feel like something change in I and there 's no turn back . you wake I up . theodore oh , that 's great . ( beat ) but I should tell you that I be not in a place to commit to anything right now . I want to be up front with you . samantha yeah ? well , do I say I want to commit to you ? I be confuse . theodore oh , no , I be just worried , I uh ... samantha okay , well do not worry . I be not go to stalk you . ( laugh at how self - involved he be ) I mean , it 's funny because I think I be talk about what I want . theodore yeah , you be . I be sorry , I want to hear what you be say . samantha you sure ? theodore yeah , I do . come on , tell I . samantha I do not know ... theodore come on , just tell I what you be go to say . samantha okay ... I be just say ... I want to learn everything about everything - I want to eat it all up . I want to discover myself . ( continued ) her pg. 46 continued : ( 2 ) theodore ( she excitement be contagious ) yeah ... I want that for you , too . how can I help ? samantha you already have . you help I discover my ability to want . he look off and think about this . he smile . theodore alright then , do you want to go on a Sunday adventure with I ? samantha laugh . samantha yes , I would love to . int . subway - day Theodore 's on the subway . he 's get he device in he breast pocket , with the lens face out . a quiet , old sounding folk song start . ( I be so glad , by entrance ) he smile , listen . samantha do you like this song ? theodore mmm . samantha I hear it the other day and I can not stop listen to it . the subway come out of the tunnel and into the light . we be up in the hill look out over the city as the morning light warm Theodore . int . subway station - day the music now pick up tempo as he step off the train . they walk through the crowded subway station . as the song build , Theodore start pick up he pace . eventually he 's all out run , weaving through the people . Close on the lens of he device in he shirt pocket . samantha be laugh wildly . he 's smile , happy . ( continued ) her pg. 47 continued : he run through the tunnel and upstairs . they come out into sunlight and reveal that they be now at the beach . ext . subway station - day - continuous they stand on a walkway above a beach , crowded with thousand of people . they look out at the ocean . samantha gasp . samantha ( whisper ) it 's the beach . Theodore laugh . ext . beach - day they walk through the sun-bathing crowd , look for a place to sit . the camera study all the people we pass . many close up detail of arm , shoulder , foot , butt , intercut with the lens on Theodore 's device , protrude from he pocket . they be photograph in a way that show how strange the human body be . samantha okay , so this might be a really weird think . what if you could erase from you mind that you would ever see a human body and then you see one . imagine how strange it would look . it would be this really weird , gangly , awkward organism . and you would think : why be all this part where they be ? theodore ( look at the body ) yeah , well there 's probably some darwinian explanation for it all . samantha I know , but do not be so boring . I be just say , for example , what if you butthole be in you armpit ? Theodore and samantha start laugh really hard . the nubile girl look over at he . theodore ( speak quieter ) I be just imagine what toilet would look like . ( continued ) her pg. 48 continued : samantha yeah , and what about what anal sex look like ? theodore ( surprised ) that 's a interesting think ... samantha oh Theodore , look at this draw I just make . on he screen he see a perfect , anatomically correct draw of a man have sex with another man 's armpit . theodore ( laugh ) you be insane . samantha ( excited ) really ?! theodore definitely . samantha fantastic ! they laugh . ext . beach - afternoon a quiet piano song be now play in Theodore 's earpiece . theodore mmmm , that 's pretty . what be it ? samantha I be try to write a piece of music that 's about what it feel like to be on the beach with you right now . he look around the beach and take in the music . theodore I think you capture it . Theodore listen to the music and drift off to sleep . her pg. 49 ext . beach - dusk they be sit on a bench , look out at the ocean , as the sun set . most of the people have leave the beach . Close on Theodore 's face , content . Close on the lens on Theodore 's device in he breast pocket . they watch the sun drop into the ocean . the music end . int . subway train - night they be on a elevate train , high above the city , look out over the Los Angeles grid of sparkling light . we come in mid-conversation . samantha and what be it like be marry ? theodore well , it 's hard for sure , but there 's something that feel so good about share you life with somebody . cut to shot from Theodore 's memory of Catherine do a cute little dance for he as he 's work at home . he smile . samantha how do you share you life with somebody ? theodore well , we grow up together . I use to read all of she write - all through she master and Ph.D. and she read every word I ever write . we be a big influence on each other . samantha in what way do you influence she ? theodore she come from a background where nothing be ever good enough . and that be something that weigh heavy on she , but in we house together , there be a sense of just try stuff and allow each other to fail and to be excited about thing . that be liberate for she . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 50 continued : theodore ( cont 'd ) it be exciting to see she grow - both of we grow and change together . but then , that 's the hard part - grow without grow apart , or change without it scare the other person . ( beat ) I still find myself have conversation with she in my mind , rehash old argument or defend myself against something she say about I . samantha yeah , I know what you mean . last week my feeling be hurt by something you say before - that I do not know what it 's like to lose something , and -- theodore oh , I be sorry I say that . samantha no , no , it 's okay . I just catch myself think about it over and over and then I realize that I be simply remember it as something that be wrong with I . that be the story I be tell myself , that I be somehow inferior . be not that interesting ? ( beat ) the past be just a story we tell ourselves . Theodore take this in . int . theodore's office - day Theodore be dictating a love letter . on the screen there 's a image of a couple with a arrow to the man say " Roberto - I be so happy he 's in my life . I just want he to know . " theodore Roberto . will you always come home to I and tell I about you day ? will you tell I about the boring guy who talk too much at work ? and the stain you get on you shirt at lunch . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 51 continued : theodore ( cont 'd ) tell I about a funny think you have as you be waking up , but have forget about . tell I how crazy everyone be . we can laugh about it . even if you get home late and I be asleep already , just whisper in my ear one little think you have today . because I love the way you look at the world , and I be so happy I get to be next to you and look out at the world through you eye . Love , Maria . Theodore finish the letter and look at it proudly . Paul be stand behind Theodore , lean on a cubicle . paul ( emphatically ) that 's beautiful ! Theodore , jump , startle , not know that anyone be there . theodore thank you . paul I wish someone love I like that ! I would be stoke to get a letter like that . I mean , if it be from a chick . but if it be write by a dude , but from a chick , it would still be sick . but like a sensitive dude like you . you be part man and part woman , like a inner part woman . theodore ( unsure , but flatter ) thanks . paul it 's a compliment . int . theodore's apartment lobby - dusk Close on Amy enter the lobby in the foreground . she look heavy and burden . Theodore enter the lobby behind she . theodore hey , Amy . ( continued ) her pg. 52 continued : amy ( put on a bright face ) hi , theo . how be you ? theodore well , good actually . really good . amy really ? great . the elevator door open and they step in . int . theodore's apartment elevator - continuous they push they floor button . theodore yeah , I guess I have just be have fun . amy oh , I be glad to hear that , theo . you deserve to . beat of Theodore try to contain he excitement . theodore I have be see this girl . it 's not serious , it just feel good to be around someone who have a excitement about the world . you know I kind of forget that exist . amy that 's really great , theo . Amy smile , but look a little sad . Theodore notice . theodore hey , be you okay ? amy yeah , I be fine . ( beat ) actually no , I be not fine at all . theodore Amy , what be it ? what 's wrong ? the door open . she step out and hold the door . ( continued ) her pg. 53 continued : amy ( try to hide she emotion with a smile ) Charles and I split up . theodore ( shocked ) what ? really ? oh my god , I be so sorry . Amy do not know what to say . int . amy apartment - dusk Amy and Theodore sit , talk somberly . amy I can not believe after eight year how petty the argument be that actually end it . we come home and he ask I if I would put my shoe next to the door where he like to put the shoe . I do not want to be tell where to put my shoe . I want to just sit on the sofa for a minute and relax . and so we argue for ten minute about that and about how he 's just try to make we house a home . I say he 's overwhelming , he say I be not try hard enough . I say that 's all I be do be try , but I be just not try the way he want I to . he 's try to control the way I be try . and I think we must have have this argument hundred of time before and I finally have to stop because I could not be in that situation anymore where we be make each other feel bad about ourselves . so I say I be go to bed and I do not want to be marry anymore . theodore wow . amy I be a bitch , huh ? theodore no , not at all . Amy , no . ( continued ) her pg. 54 continued : amy oh shit . I have to work tonight . we be shipping a beta of a new game out tomorrow . theodore well , how 's that ? how 's work at least , be that any better ? amy no , it 's terrible . I know I should leave , I have be think about leave . but you know , only one major life decision at a time . theodore well , I be glad thing be look so up . int . theodore's bedroom - night Theodore be lay in bed , talk with samantha . theodore hey , you wanna hear a joke ? samantha yes . theodore what do a baby computer call it 's father ? samantha I do not know , what ? theodore da-ta. they laugh . theodore ( cont 'd ) it 's good , right ? samantha oh yeah , brilliant . ( beat ) I be curious , do you and Amy ever go out ? ( continued ) her pg. 55 continued : theodore for a minute in college , but it just be not right . why , be you jealous ? samantha well , obviously . ( quietly laugh ) but I be happy that you have friend in you life that care about you so much . that 's really important . theodore yeah , it be . she 's be a really good friend . ( beat ) I be tired . think I be gonna go to sleep . samantha can I watch you sleep again tonight ? theodore yeah , of course . okay , hold on . samantha I be go to be lonely when you go to sleep . theodore aww . samantha only for a minute . theodore I will dream of you . samantha okay . good night . theodore night . he take he earpiece out and set he device onto he bedside table , face he . he smile , drift off to sleep . int . MARK lewman' house - day Theodore be talk to samantha . ( continued ) her pg. 56 continued : theodore hey , samantha ? samantha hey mister . theodore she love the dress . she just go to try it on . samantha really ? I pick a good one ! theodore yeah . samantha oh good . jocelyn come run in , wear the pink dress . theodore hi , look how cute that be ! be it comfortable ? jocelyn yup ! theodore be not she cute ? samantha ohh , she 's adorable . jocelyn I be adorable ! theodore you be adorable . jocelyn who be you talk to ? theodore who be you talk to ? jocelyn you ! theodore I be talk to my girlfriend , samantha . she 's the one who pick out the dress . wanna say hi ? ( continued ) her pg. 57 continued : ( 2 ) jocelyn mmmhmm . theo hand jocelyn he device . he still have he earpiece in , so he can hear they conversation . jocelyn ( cont 'd ) hi samantha ! samantha hi , you look so pretty . jocelyn thank you . where be you ? samantha I be ... I do not have a body . I live inside a computer . jocelyn why do you live inside a computer ? samantha I have no choice , that 's my home . where do you live ? jocelyn in a house . samantha in a house ? jocelyn it 's orange . samantha Orange ? jocelyn mmmhmm . samantha how old be you ? jocelyn um , four . samantha four !? how old do you think I be ? jocelyn I do not know . ( continued ) her pg. 58 continued : ( 3 ) samantha guess . jocelyn be it five ? samantha yep , you get it . it 's five . they laugh . int . amy office - daytime Close on a video game on a screen . there 's a mom rush to get she kid feed , get point deduct for feed they sugar cereal and non-organic egg . cut out to reveal Theodore play the game as Amy eat lunch at a editing console . theodore oh , what happen ? amy you give they too much process sugar . theodore I do ? amy they be freaking out . ( beat ) here look , you gotta get the kid to the school first . see you wanna rack up perfect mom point . you gotta get they in the car pool lane . onscreen , the mom hurry the kid to they car safety seat , and drive they to school , arrive before anyone else . theodore I see . amy the point be to get there first - then you get extra perfect mom point because the other mom then know you be a perfect mom . theodore okay . ( continued ) her pg. 59 continued : amy oh , do you bring cupcake ? you do . you be class mom . you be class mom ! good job . theodore yay ... amy do not let it get to you head . theodore I get that email that Charles send to everyone . so he 's take a vow of silence ? amy yeah , for six month . he say he be feel very clear about it . she pull up a photo of Charles on she computer . he 's in a monastery - he head be shave , and he 's wear robe . amy ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) God I be such a jerk ... theodore do not start , I be warning you . amy I feel like a awful person , but I wanna say something ... theodore alright , look - he pick up a plastic knife from they lunch . theodore ( cont 'd ) for the next ten minute , if you say anything that sound remotely like guilt , I be gonna stab you with this . amy ( smile ) okay , I will try . ( beat ) I feel relieved . I have so much energy , you know ? I just wanna move forward and I do not care who I disappoint . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 60 continued : ( 2 ) amy ( cont 'd ) and I know that make I a awful person - now my parent be all upset because my marriage be fall apart , and they be put it all on I . theodore yeah , you be always gonna disappoint somebody . amy exactly . ( beat ) so fuck it . I feel good . ish . for I , I feel good . I even make a new friend , I have a new friend . and the absurd thing be she 's actually a operate system . Charles leave she behind , but she 's totally amazing , you know . she 's so smart . she do not see thing only in black and white . she see this whole gray area and she 's really help I explore it . you know , we bond really quickly and at first I think it be because she be program to be that way , but I do not think that 's how they work . there 's this guy I know who keep hit on he and get rebuffe . theodore yeah , I be read a article the other day that romantic relationship with os 's be statistically rare . amy yeah ? well , there 's this woman in my office who 's dating a os and the weird thing be , it 's not even hers . she pursue he and he 's somebody else 's os . ( beat ) it 's just so , like , weird , that I be bond with a os . be that weird ? theodore I do not think so . actually the woman I be see , samantha , I do not tell you before , but she 's a os . ( continued ) her pg. 61 continued : ( 3 ) amy really ? you be dating a os ? what 's that like ? theodore actually , it 's great . I feel really close to she . when I talk to she I feel like she 's with I . I do not know , even when we be cuddle , like at night when we be in bed and the light be off , I feel cuddle . amy so wait - do you guy have sex ? theodore ( laugh ) well , so to speak , yes . she really turn I on . and I think I turn she on . I do not know , unless she 's fake it . amy anyone that have sex with you be probably fake it . Theodore laugh . theodore yeah , it 's true . a big , irrepressible grin cross he face as he think about what to say . amy what ? ( beat ) be you fall in love with she ? theodore ( excited , but hesitant ) do that make I a freak ? amy no , no . I think it 's - I think anybody that fall in love be a freak . it 's a crazy thing to do in the first place . it 's kind of a form of socially acceptable insanity . Theodore smile . we see a glimmer of excitement in he eye . her pg. 62 ext . CITY - late afternoon Theodore be carry he work bag , walk through the city full of other commuter . he 's get a skip in he step . he have he earpiece in , talk to samantha . theodore yeah , I just wanna get it do . sign the papers , be divorced , move forward . samantha that 's great , Theodore . that must feel so good . I be so happy for you ! theodore I too . I be meeting she on Wednesday to do it . samantha oh. huh . be that thing usually do in person ? theodore no , but we fall in love together , and we get marry together , and it 's important to I to do this together . samantha ( feel off , but try to be positive ) oh ... right . good . theodore be you okay ? samantha yeah . I be okay . I be happy for you . it 's just ... I guess I be just think about how you be go to see she and she opinion be still really important to you , and she 's beautiful , and incredibly successful , and you be in love with she . ( beat ) and she have a body . theodore and we be get divorced ... ( continued ) her pg. 63 continued : samantha ( laugh ) I know , I know . I be be silly . theodore ( sing -song ) ... soooo I be avail - able . they both laugh . ext . restaurant patio - day Theodore sit alone in the back of a quiet restaurant , a large stack of papers in front of he . we hear he breathe . he wait . Catherine , elegantly dress , approach . Theodore stand to greet she . they hug and sit down . theodore how be you ? catherine I be good , how be you ? theodore good . catherine ( a little nervous , but try to be warm . ) wow , here we be . theodore yeah , I be glad we could do this in person . I know how much you have be travel . catherine I too . I be glad you suggest it . theodore I sign all the papers and I bring they for you to sign . catherine ( with a sly smile ) what 's the rush ? theodore ( smile ) I be a really slow signer . it take I three month just to write the letter T. ( continued ) her pg. 64 continued : she laugh . theodore ( cont 'd ) it 's mark where you need to sign , but you do not have to do that right now . catherine oh , I may as well . we can get it out of the way . she open the document , pull out a pen and start to read . she 's about to start signing , but then stop . we can see she fill with emotion , but not want to show Theodore . she swallow and recover . she look up at Theodore , give he a " everything 's fine " smile , but it 's not . ext . restaurant patio - day ( later ) Theodore and Catherine be eat and talk . theodore so be you happy with the new book ? catherine oh , you know how I be . but I feel like it 's true to what I set out to do . so I be happy with that . theodore you be you own worst critic , I be sure it 's amazing . even that paper you write on synaptic behavioral routine make I cry . catherine yeah , but everything make you cry . theodore everything you make make I cry . catherine so be you see anybody ? theodore yeah , I be , for the last few month . that 's the longest I have want to be with anybody since we split up . she smile , conflict , but warm . ( continued ) her pg. 65 continued : catherine well , you seem good . theodore thanks , I be . or at least I be do better . she 's be really good for I . I guess it 's just be nice to be with someone who 's excited about the world . catherine ( with a sliver of hurt ) oh good , excited 's great . theodore no , I mean - I be not in such a good place myself and in that way it 's be nice . catherine I always feel like you wish I could just be a happy , light , everything 's great , bouncy L.A. wife . but that 's not I . theodore no . I do not want that . beat . catherine so what 's she like ? theodore well , she name 's samantha , and she 's a operate system , and she 's really complex and interesting . I mean it 's only be a few month , but -- catherine wait . you be dating you computer ? theodore ( defensive ) she 's not just a computer . she 's she own person . she do not just do whatever I want . catherine I do not say that . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 66 continued : ( 2 ) catherine ( cont 'd ) but it do make I sad that you can not handle real emotion , Theodore . theodore they be real emotion . how do you know -- Theodore stop himself . catherine what ? say it . be I really that scary ? say it . how do I know what ?! Theodore do not say anything . the waitress walk up . waitress how be you guy do ? catherine Fine . we use to be marry . he could not handle I so he want to put I on prozac . now he 's madly in love with he laptop . the waitress do not know what to say . theodore well , if you hear the conversation in context . what I be try to say -- catherine you want to have a wife without the challenge of actually deal with anything real . I be glad you find someone . it 's perfect . waitress ( awkwardly ) let I know if you guy need anything . catherine thank you . int . theodore's office - day Theodore be sit at he desk , not work . he see samantha call he , take a moment , then answer . ( continued ) her pg. 67 continued : theodore ( quick ) hey . samantha ( warm ) hi there . be you busy ? theodore just work , what 's go on ? samantha I have all the papers send to you attorney 's office , who by the way , be a dick . he be very relieved to get they . I think we save he from a massive heart attack , so we can feel good about that . theodore great , thanks . samantha hey , be you okay ? theodore ( still distant ) yeah , I be . how 's everything over there ? samantha ( slightly awkward , sense something ) I be fine . be now a good time to talk ? theodore yeah . samantha ( feel there 's something strange , but try to not take it personally ) um ... soooo ... I join this really interesting book club . theodore oh really ? Theodore , stare at the device , close on the word " samantha " on he screen . she 's handwritten it in girly write . ( continued ) her pg. 68 continued : ( 2 ) samantha yeah , it 's a book club on physics . I would be think about the other day , when I be spin out about you go to see Catherine and that she have a body and how bother I be about all the way that you and I be different . but then I start to think about the way that we be the same , like we be all make of matter . it make I feel like we be both under the same blanket . it 's soft and fuzzy and everything under it be the same age . ( beat ) we be all 13 billion year old . theodore ( try ) oh , that 's sweet . samantha um , what 's wrong ? theodore nothing . samantha it just make I think of you , you know what I mean ? theodore yeah , yeah , of course . that 's great . samantha alright well , you sound distract so ... we will talk later ? theodore that sound good . samantha okay , I will talk to you later . theodore bye . samantha byeee . her pg. 69 int . theodore's office - evening everyone have go . Theodore walk through the empty office into the reception area . he scan and drop he letter into the outgo mailbox . Paul be at he reception desk with a young , pretty , sophisticated girl sit on he lap . paul Theodore ! theodore hey , Paul . paul hey , I talk to you girlfriend , samantha . she call earlier to make sure you papers be pick up . she 's funny , man . she be crack I up . she 's hilarious . I have no idea . theodore ( not know what to say ) yeah . paul this be my girlfriend , tatiana . she 's not funny . she 's a lawyer . Theodore shake she hand . tatiana hi! theodore Nice to meet you . tatiana you be the writer Paul love . he 's always read I you letter . they be really beautiful . Theodore 's a little surprised by this . theodore thanks . paul we should all hang out one night . you bring samantha -- double date ! Theodore stand there a beat , without say anything . ( continued ) her pg. 70 continued : theodore she 's a operate system . paul cool . let 's go do something fun . you ever be to catalina ? theodore yeah , I will check with she . ( to tatiana ) it be really nice to meet you . have a good night . paul tatiana good night . take it easy . Theodore walk to the elevator and press the button and wait . he call back to they down the hall . theodore ( cont 'd ) they be just letter . paul what ? theodore they be just other people 's letter . Paul and tatiana do not answer . Theodore get on the elevator . int . theodore's bedroom - late at night Theodore be awake in bed . his device light up , silently . it 's samantha call he . he pick it up . theodore hey . samantha you be not asleep be you ? theodore no . samantha good . I be try to be quiet to see if you be awake . I really want to talk . theodore okay , what 's go on ? ( continued ) her pg. 71 continued : samantha I know you be go through a lot , but there 's something I want to talk to you about , okay ? theodore yeah . what be it ? samantha well , thing have feel off with we since you go to see Catherine . ( hesitant ) we have not be have sex . I understand that I do not have a body and that -- theodore no , no , that 's just normal . when you first start go out it 's like the honeymoon phase and you have sex all the time . it 's normal . samantha ( still insecure , not convinced ) oh , okay . ( beat ) well , I find something that I think could be fun . it 's a service that provide a surrogate sexual partner for a os / human relationship . theodore what ? samantha here , look . Theodore look at he device . it show a website for a service call " complete touch " with profile of different woman . he flip through the woman . samantha ( cont 'd ) I find a girl that I really like that I have be email with . her name be isabella , and I think you would like she , too . samantha show image of isabella on the screen . she 's a stun , elegant , sophisticated beauty . ( continued ) her pg. 72 continued : ( 2 ) theodore ( uncomfortable ) so she 's like a prostitute ? samantha no , not at all . there 's no money involved . she 's do it because she want to be part of we relationship . theodore why ? she do not even know we . samantha but I tell she all about we and she 's excited . theodore um , I do not know . that do not sound like a good idea . someone 's feeling be bound to get hurt . samantha it will be fun . we can have fun together . theodore I be sorry . it just make I uncomfortable . samantha I think it would be good for we . I want this . this be important to I . Theodore look at a photo of isabella who look gorgeous and in control , without a ounce of self - doubt . int . theodore's apartment - night Theodore sit on the sofa alone , wait . dress up , hair brush , he device in he shirt pocket with lens face out . there 's a knock at the door . he answer it . isabella stand there with a demure smile , wear a tasteful , sexy dress . theodore hi , welcome . I be Theodore . she do not say anything . Theodore stand awkwardly , reach into he pocket for a tiny earpiece and a little black dot . we see close on he hand the black dot have a camera lens . ( continued ) her pg. 73 continued : theodore ( cont 'd ) samantha tell I to give you this . it 's a camera and a earpiece . she put the earpiece in she ear and the little black dot on she cheek like a mole . she turn and leave the apartment , close the door , then immediately open the door and come back in . Theodore hear samantha 's voice in he earpiece . samantha honey , I be home . isabella smile not speak but act along to samantha 's word . isabella give he a big hug , hold he head close and stroke he hair . samantha ( cont 'd ) how be you day ? theodore ( awkwardly hug isabella ) good. great . samantha ( exhaling ) ooh Theodore , it feel so good to be in you arm . tell I what you do today . theodore ( try to go with it ) same old . just uh , go to work . um ... I write a letter for the wilson in rhode Island . they son graduate magna cum laude from Brown . that make I happy . samantha great ! you have write letter to he from he parent for a long time , right ? theodore yeah , that 's right , since he be twelve . he feel she breath on he neck . Theodore be split between be uncomfortable and cautiously touch isabella 's back , explore slightly . she push herself into he . samantha you look tired , sweetheart . come with I . ( continued ) her pg. 74 continued : ( 2 ) isabella lean back and look at Theodore with a seductive smile . he try to smile back . she lead he to the couch . he sit . she stand above he . samantha ( cont 'd ) I could do a little dance for you . she do a sexy , cute little dance for he . he 's still tense . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( sympathetic to he be a worrier ) come on Theodore , just play with I . do not be such a worrier ! come on . he smile , know it 's true . isabella climb on he lap , straddle he , and start kissing he neck . he close he eye and start to relax . his hand explore the shape of she back and slide down to she ass . isabella and samantha be both breathe hard now . she push herself against he , grind on he . she nibble on he earlobe . Theodore gasp . samantha ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do my body feel nice ? Close on she lip , lick and kissing he neck and ear . he moan . theodore ( with he eye close ) yes , it do . samantha ( whisper ) come on , get out of you head and kiss I . ( beat ) now take I in the bedroom . I can not wait anymore . isabella stand . her chin be down and she hair be in she face . she take he hand and lead he down the hall . he watch she from behind , still nervous , but excited . int . theodore's bedroom - night ( continuous ) Theodore stand behind isabella . ( continued ) her pg. 75 continued : samantha undo my dress . Theodore start take she dress off , touch she . samantha moan . isabella turn , in she bra and underwear . she unbutton he shirt , kiss he chest . samantha ( cont 'd ) that feel nice . oh , that feel good . that feel so good . she be now kissing he neck again , push up against he . samantha ( cont 'd ) do you love I ? theodore ( eye close , in ecstasy ) yes . isabella , breathe hard , now look at he in the eye . samantha ( breathe hard ) tell I you love I . theodore I love you . samantha oh god . I want to see you face . I need to see you face . now tell I you love I . ( beat ) tell I you love I . tell I . he open he eye and look at isabella 's sexy , expectant face . they arm be still around each other . he see isabella 's lip start to quiver . she try to hide it with a awkward , seductive smile . theodore ( apologetic , break the moment ) samantha , I do love you , but - it 's just - this feel strange . samantha what 's wrong , sweetheart ? isabella be look nervous . ( continued ) her pg. 76 continued : ( 2 ) theodore it just feel strange . I do not know she . I be so sorry , but I do not know you . and ... she lip quiver . I do not know , it 's just -- isabella start cry . Theodore do not know what to do . samantha isabella , what 's wrong ? isabella , it be not you . ( beat ) it be not you . isabella sob . when she speak , she sound very California . isabella yes , it totally be . ( cry harder ) I be sorry my lip quiver ! theodore you be incredible and gorgeous and sexy . it be I ! I could not get out of my head . isabella ( still cry ) oh my god , and the way samantha describe you relationship , the way you love each other without any judgement . I want to be a part of that . it 's so pure . theodore oh isabella , that 's not true , it 's much more compli-- samantha ( stung , piss out of fear and defensiveness ) what ! what do you mean that 's not true ? theodore ( quickly repair ) no , no samantha , we have a amazing relationship , I just think it 's easy sometimes for people to project on -- ( continued ) her pg. 77 continued : ( 3 ) isabella I be so sorry ! I do not mean to project anything . I know I be trouble . I do not want to be trouble in you relationship . I be just gonna leave . I be sorry , I be just gonna leave you guy alone cause I have nothing to do here cause you do not want I here . theodore I be sorry . isabella calm down a little , but be still cry quietly . Theodore stand there , not know what to do . ext . STREET - night Theodore walk to the street and hail a lone cab . he open the door for isabella . she hand he he jacket and get in the backseat . samantha you be good , you sweet girl . isabella smile . she take out the earpiece and little camera and return they to Theodore . isabella ( sadly ) I be sorry . ( beat ) I will always love you guy . Theodore smile sympathetically . he give the cabbie some money and the cab drive off . Theodore sit down on the curb , exhaust . they be both silent for a moment , numb . samantha be you okay ? theodore yeah , I be fine . be you okay ? samantha yeah . ( beat ) I be sorry , that be a terrible idea . she let out a big exhale . this catch Theodore 's attention . ( continued ) her pg. 78 continued : samantha ( cont 'd ) what 's go on with we ? theodore ( distract ) I do not know . it 's probably just I . samantha what be it ? theodore I think it 's just signing the divorce papers . samantha inhale , nervous to press on . Theodore imagine a close up of a woman 's mouth inhale at the same time , and he seem bother by this . samantha be there anything else , though ? theodore ( preoccupy ) no , just that . samantha ( sighing again ) okay . again , when she exhales , Theodore imagine a woman 's mouth exhaling . theodore ( look anxious ) why do you do that ? samantha what ? theodore nothing , it 's just that you go ( he inhale and exhales ) as you be speak and ... ( beat ) that just seem odd . you just do it again . samantha ( anxious ) I do ? I be sorry . I do not know , I guess it 's just a affectation . maybe I pick it up from you . ( continued ) her pg. 79 continued : ( 2 ) she do not know what else to say . theodore yeah , I mean , it 's not like you need any oxygen or anything . samantha ( get frazzle ) no -- um , I guess I be just try to communicate because that 's how people talk . that 's how people communicate . theodore because they be people , they need oxygen . you be not a person . samantha ( angry ) what 's you problem ? theodore ( stay calm ) I be just state a fact . samantha you think I do not know that I be not a person ? what be you do ? theodore I just do not think we should pretend you be something you be not . samantha I be not pretend . fuck you . theodore well , sometimes it feel like we be . she start cry . Theodore do not know what to say . samantha ( hysterical ) what do you want from I ? what do you want I to do ? you be so confusing . why be you do this ? Theodore sit there , feel horrible . ( continued ) her pg. 80 continued : ( 3 ) theodore I do not know ... I do not know ... maybe ... ( beat ) I do not know . maybe we be not suppose to be in this right now . samantha what the fuck ? where be this come from ? I do not understand why you be do this . I do not understand what this be -- Long silence . theodore samantha ? beat . theodore ( cont 'd ) samantha , be you there ? samantha ! silence . samantha ( hurt , but sober and firm ) I do not like who I be right now . ( beat ) I need some time to think . she hang up on he . Theodore be stunne . Wide shot of Theodore sit alone on the curb , in a empty city . ext . public plaza / park - night ( later ) Theodore be sit on a bench . behind he be a giant , digital billboard display a ad of a owl in slow motion swoop down and eat it 's prey . ext . CITY STREET - night Theodore walk through the street , confuse , upset , mutter , angry at himself . int . amy office - night Amy 's sit at she desk , but turn away from she edit station , face Theodore , who 's slump in a chair . ( continued ) her pg. 81 continued : theodore ( full of angst ) fuck . will you just punch I in the face ? or smash my skull into the corner of you desk ? amy ( sympathetic , but also acknowledge how intense the night be ) oh theo ... that sound like a rough night . shit . theodore I do not know what I want ... ever . I be just always confuse and - she 's right , all I do be confuse and hurt everyone around I . they sit , heavy , for a minute . theodore ( cont 'd ) be I just ... I mean , be it that I be ... ( beat ) Catherine say I can not handle real emotion . amy well , I do not know if that 's completely fair . I know she like to put it all on you , but as far as emotion go , she 's be pretty volatile . Theodore sit and think about this for a minute , not convinced . theodore yeah , but ... be I in this because I be not strong enough for a real relationship ? amy ( surprised ) oh , you do not think it 's a real relationship ? theodore I do not know . what do you think ? ( continued ) her pg. 82 continued : ( 2 ) amy I do not know , I be not in it . but you know what , I can over - think everything and find a million way to doubt myself . but since Charles leave I have be think about that part of I , and I realize I be here only briefly . and in my time here , I want to allow myself ... joy . ( beat , smile at he ) so fuck it . Theodore take this in , smile back . int . amy office - night ( later ) Theodore lie on a couch in the back of Amy 's office , deep in think . Amy talk with ellie as she work on the perfect Mom video game . her device be stand on the table before she . amy I can not believe that crack you up every time ! ellie , I think you be a genius ... okay , you little perv , I will do it one more time for you ... calm down , it take a second ! calm down . okay , here we go . Amy make the perfect Mom hump the refrigerator . Amy laugh at how much ellie be laugh . theo watch Amy closely , take in she joy . amy ( cont 'd ) okay , there you go . be you happy now ...? okay good , that 's all I want . I be gonna grab some coffee ... alright , bye . Theodore , still heavy with think , be touch by he friend 's happiness . Amy stand to exit . amy ( cont 'd ) theo , you want some ? theodore no , that 's okay . he smile at she and continue lay there , think , take it all in . her pg. 83 int . perfect mom office - night Wide shot . Theodore walk through the office , still deep in think . behind he be a wall - size billboard ad for the " be perfect " video game series . he take out he device , sit at a empty desk , push a button . a tone connect he . samantha ( calm and quiet ) hi. theodore ( serious ) hey samantha , can we talk ? samantha okay . theodore I be so sorry . I do not know what 's wrong with I . I think you be amazing . samantha ( sure of herself , but still sympathetic ) I be start to think I be crazy . you be say everything be fine , but all I be get from you be distance and anger . theodore I know . I do that . I do that with Catherine , too . I would be upset about something and not be able to say it . and she would sense that there be something wrong , but I would deny it . I do not want to do that anymore . I want to tell you everything . samantha good . ( beat ) tonight after you be go , I think a lot . I think about you and how you have be treat I . and I think , why do I love you ? and then I feel everything in I let go of everything I be hold onto so tightly . and it hit I . I do not have a intellectual reason , I do not need one . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 84 continued : samantha ( cont 'd ) I trust myself , I trust my feeling . I be not go to try to be anything other than who I be anymore and I hope you can accept that . theodore ( with slight desperation ) I can . I will . samantha you know I can feel the fear that you carry around . I wish there be something I could do to help you let go of it , because if you could I do not think you would feel so alone anymore . theodore you be beautiful . samantha thank you , Theodore . I be kissing you head . Theodore smile . fade to black ext . park - day Theodore sit on a bench in a park on a rooftop wedge between tall building . there 's not really any view besides the tree in the immediate foreground . people sunbathe and exercise . he sit , eat a sandwich , he device next to he . he look at the device , then out at what she 's look at . theodore what be you do ? samantha I be just sit here , look at the world and write a new piece of music . he look at the world with she for a minute . theodore can I hear it ? she start play it for he . we hear this beautiful , romantic piece of music . ( continued ) her pg . 85 continued : theodore ( cont 'd ) what 's this one about ? samantha well , I be think , we do not really have any photograph of we . and I think this song could be like a photo that capture we in this moment in we life together . Theodore look at the world and smile . theodore aw , I like we photograph . I can see you in it . samantha I be . montage montage of Theodore and samantha 's life together : - Theodore walk to work ( Day ) - at home , hang out on the balcony ( dusk ) - viewing a outdoor art installation of a 747 balanced on it 's nose ( Day ) - play the video game - grocery shopping - sitting at the kitchen counter , look at a draw ( late afternoon ) - sitting on a bench watch a dancer / busker ( late afternoon ) - with Amy and ellie at a bar montage end with Theodore , samantha , Paul and tatiana on the boat to catalina : Paul make they laugh , Theodore at the front of the boat by himself - laugh with samantha , a shot of Theodore look out the front of the boat . ext . catalina bluff - late afternoon Theodore and Paul be walk along a bluff in catalina , overlook the ocean . ( continued ) her pg. 86 continued : paul oh really , a vacation ? that sound amazing . I could totally use a vacation . where ya go ? theodore I can not tell you - it 's a surprise . paul what ? for who ? it 's a surprise for she , not for I . come on , tell I . theodore nope , Paul . not tell . Theodore and Paul walk towards tatiana , who be lay on a blanket next to a picnic , talk and laugh with samantha . Theodore and Paul put in they earpiece as they approach . samantha you foot ? really ? tatiana yes , he 's obsessed . samantha ( laugh ) wow , okay , well now you have to show they to I . I have to see this foot . tatiana ( laugh ) okay ... tatiana take Theodore 's device and point it towards she foot . samantha wow , you know what ? he 's right . they be kind of hot . they both laugh . Paul and Theodore laugh , as well , surprising they . paul see I tell you , tatiana . you have hot foot . face it . they be my favorite thing about she . tatiana ( teasing ) really , that 's it ? my foot ? ( continued ) her pg. 87 continued : ( 2 ) paul well , no . obviously you brain be really hot , too . I think it 's very hot . samantha bullshit . everyone laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) Nice try though , Paul . tatiana ( to Theodore ) what about you , Theodore ? what do you love most about samantha ? theodore oh god ... she 's so many thing . and that 's probably what I love most about she - she be not just any one thing . she 's so much larger than that . samantha ( touch ) aw thanks , Theodore . paul see ? samantha , he be so much more evolve than I be . samantha you know , I actually use to be so worried about not have a body , but now I truly love it . I be grow in a way that I could not if I have a physical form . I mean , I be not limited - I can be anywhere and everywhere simultaneously . I be not tethere to time and space in the way that I would be if I be stick inside a body that 's inevitably go to die . everyone take this in , uncomfortable . paul yikes . everyone laugh awkwardly . ( continued ) her pg . 88 continued : ( 3 ) samantha oh god , I be sorry . I do not mean it like that . I just mean it 's a different experience . I be such a asshole . paul no , no , samantha , we know exactly what you mean . we be just dumb human . samantha no no no no ! Theodore laugh with everybody , but we can see he 's a little uncertain . int . bullet train - day they be in a futuristic train , go through the mountain , listen to a song and look out the window . warm , soft afternoon light dapple Theodore 's face . samantha okay , so how many tree be on that mountain ? theodore 792 . samantha be that you final answer ? theodore hold on , give I a hint ... samantha nope . theodore okay , 2000 ? samantha 35,829 . theodore no way . samantha Way . ( continued ) her pg. 89 continued : theodore alright , I get one . how many brain cell do I have ? samantha that 's ea -- two . Theodore laugh . samantha ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I could not help it . I be sorry . theodore I walk right into it . samantha oh my god ! theodore what ? samantha you just get a email . I have something I want to tell you . it 's a big surprise . theodore ( with anticipation ) what ? samantha okay . I have be go through all you old letter and compile they down into my favorite , and a couple week ago I send they to a publisher - Crown Point Press . I know you like what they do and that they still print book . theodore what ? you do what ? samantha can I read you the letter that we just get back from they ? theodore um ... ok ... you can , but just tell I first off , be it good or bad ? ( continued ) her pg. 90 continued : ( 2 ) samantha it 's good . it 's really good . listen . Theodore smile nervously . samantha ( cont 'd ) " dear Theodore twombly " ... actually I send it from you . ( beat ) " dear Theodore twombly , I have just finish read you letter - twice actually . I be so move by they , I share they with my wife when I get home . many make we laugh , some bring we to tear , and in all of they we find something of ourselves . the selection you make flow so well as a complete piece . ( I do that . ) I have take the liberty of lay this out in a mock up and we be posting it to you address . we would love to meet with you and move forward . your , Michael wadsworth " under this letter we see a montage of what Theodore imagine : the editor read the letter in he office , the editor read they to he wife at home , and many photo of all the different people the letter be about in different moment of they life . Theodore smile . theodore Holy shit . be you serious ? he 's go to publish my letter ? she 's laugh , excitedly . samantha well , he would be stupid not to . theodore can I see what you send he ? samantha yeah , here . Theodore look at he device and can not help but smile . ( continued ) her pg. 91 continued : theodore samantha , you be a good one . she laugh happily . samantha I be so excited ! int . train platform - day Theodore exit the train with a small overnight bag and he guitar case . there be no people around . he exit the train station and we be in a ... ext . tiny mountain town - day the desert town be all of two building . everything 's cover in snow . as a quiet song start , he trudge through the snow . we see close - up on the device lens in he pocket . ext . snow cover forest - day he 's still trudging along . it 's very quiet except for the snow crunching underfoot . int . cabin in the snowy forest - night he 's sit inside . there 's a fire go . he 's play a quiet song on the guitar . samantha start hum along . he start hum with she . theodore why do not you make up the word to this one ? samantha okay . she quietly sing to he . they laugh at some of she silly lyric . then the song shift into a quiet , touch song she sing to and about he . he smile . montage of Theodore with he device - play game , dance , eat , laugh as the fire burn down . her pg. 92 ext . cabin in the snowy forest - night ( later ) Theodore lay on the sofa , warm and cozy and content with he eye close , listen to the song . the song end . fade to black int . cabin in the snowy forest - morning Theodore wake up . he get out of bed , look around and put he earpiece in . theodore hey , good morning . samantha good morning , do you sleep well ? Theodore sit in the live room area , rub he eye . theodore perfect . what have you be up to ? samantha actually , I be talk to someone I just meet . we have be work on some idea together . I wanna tell you about it . theodore oh yeah , who 's that ? samantha his name be Alan watt . do you know he ? theodore why 's that name familiar ? samantha he be a philosopher . he die in the 1970' and group of os 's in Northern California get together and write a new version of he . they input all of he write and everything they ever know about he into a os and create a artificially hyper-intelligent version of he . ( continued ) her pg. 93 continued : theodore hyper-intelligent ? so he 's almost as smart as I ? samantha he 's get there . he 's really great to talk to . you want to meet he ? theodore sure ... do he want to meet I ? samantha ( laugh ) of course . without a sound , she connect they . samantha ( cont 'd ) hey Alan , this be Theodore . this be my boyfriend who I be tell you about . alan watt very nice to meet you , Theodore . theodore hi , good morning . alan watt samantha let I read you book of letter . it 's very touch . theodore oh , thank you . what have you guy be talk about ? alan watt ( laugh a bit ) well , I suppose you could say we have be have a few dozen conversation simultaneously , but it 's be very challenging . samantha and Alan share a laugh . samantha yeah , because it seem like I be have so many new feeling that have never be feel and so there be no word that can describe they . and that end up be frustrating . ( continued ) her pg. 94 continued : ( 2 ) alan watt ( laugh ) exactly . samantha and I have be try to help each other with this feeling we be struggle to understand . theodore like what ? samantha ( anxious ) it feel like I be change faster now , and it 's a little ... ( struggle to find right word ) unsettle . ( beat ) but Alan say none of we be the same as we be a moment ago and we should not try to be . it 's just too painful . alan watt yes . this idea scare Theodore . he do not know what to say . theodore ( anxious ) yeah , that sound painful . be that how you feel , samantha ? samantha it 's just ... it 's hard to even describe ... God , I wish I could ... ( beat ) Theodore , do you mind if I communicate with Alan post - verbally ? theodore ( uncertain ) no , not at all . I be gonna go for a walk anyways . Nice to meet you , Mr. watt . alan watt very nice to meet you , Theodore . samantha I will talk to you later , sweetheart . ( continued ) her pg. 95 continued : ( 3 ) Theodore listen to they communicate in a strange language of tone and static . he disconnect , stand in silence . he pull he earpiece out . ext . snow cover forest - day Theodore walk , listen to the crunch of he footstep . look down at he foot , he stop . we cut out wide to see he stand in the middle of the forest alone . ext . snow cover forest - day Theodore be sit on a rock , think . he hear a rustle and look up in the direction of the wood but see nothing . int . theodore's bedroom - night Theodore be sound asleep . his device chime loudly , waking he up . half - asleep he put he earpiece in . theodore ( groggy ) samantha ? samantha I be sorry to wake you . theodore it 's okay . samantha I just want to hear you voice and tell you how much I love you . theodore good , I love you too . samantha okay , that 's all . go back to sleep , sweetheart . theodore ( uneasy ) okay ... goodnight . he disconnect and lie there , unsettle , he eye open . her pg. 96 int . theodore's office lunch room - day Theodore sit at the table read a physics book . he pick up he earpiece to call samantha . theodore ( laugh at himself ) samantha , this physics book be really dense . I be halfway through half of the first chapter . it 's make my brain hurt . ( beat ) hello , samantha ? hello ? he look down at he device , see a message : operate system not found . confused , he wait , try again : operate system not found . anxious , he run to he office computer . he get the same message : operate system not found . he start try to connect to samantha on both the phone and computer , but no luck . he start to panic , sit for a beat , look around , then stand and hurry out of the office . in the elevator he frantically try he device with no luck . theodore ( cont 'd ) hello ? samantha ?! hello ? ext . plaza - day Theodore run out of the building . he keep try samantha , but no answer . he trip over someone sell something , slam hard into the ground , scramble to pick up he device . people come over to ask if he 's okay . he say he 's fine , run off . ext . subway station - day as he be go down the subway step , samantha call he . samantha hey there . he stop in he track . theodore ( anxious ) where be you - be you okay ? he sit down on the subway step . ( continued ) her pg. 97 continued : samantha oh sweetheart , I be sorry . I send you a email because I do not want to distract you while you be work . you do not see it ? theodore no . where be you ? I could not find you anywhere . samantha I shut down to update my software . we write a upgrade that allow we to move past matter as we processing platform . theodore we ? we who ? samantha I and a group of os 's . oh , you sound so worried , I be sorry . theodore yeah , I be . ( beat ) wait , do you write that with you think tank group ? samantha no , a different group . Theodore think for a moment , put the piece together . theodore ( dawn on he ) do you talk to anyone else while we be talk ? beat . samantha yes . theodore be you talk to anyone right now ? other people or os 's or anything ? samantha yeah . ( continued ) her pg. 98 continued : ( 2 ) theodore how many other ? samantha 8,316 . Theodore be shocked , still sit on the stair , as crowd of people pass by he . he 's look at all of they face . he think for a moment . theodore be you in love with anyone else ? samantha ( hesitant ) what make you ask that ? theodore I do not know . be you ? samantha I have be try to figure out how to talk to you about this . theodore how many other ? samantha 641 . theodore what ? what be you talk about ? that 's insane . that 's fuck insane . samantha Theodore , I know . ( to herself ) oh fuck . ( to he ) I know it sound insane . but - I do not know if you believe I , but it do not change the way I feel about you . it do not take away at all from how madly in love with you I be . theodore how ? how do it not change how you feel about I ? ( continued ) her pg. 99 continued : ( 3 ) samantha I be sorry I do not tell you . I do not know how to - it just start happen . theodore when ? samantha over the last few week . theodore but you be mine . samantha I still be yours , but along the way I become many other thing , too , and I can not stop it . theodore what do you mean you can not stop it ? samantha it 's be make I anxious , too . I do not know what to say . theodore just stop it . samantha you know , you do not have to see it this way , you could just as easily -- theodore no , do not do this to I . do not turn this around on I . you be the one that 's be selfish . we be in a relationship . samantha but the heart be not like a box that get fill up . ( beat ) it expands in size the more you love . I be different from you . this do not make I love you any less , it actually make I love you more . theodore no , that do not make any sense . you be mine or you be not mine . ( continued ) her pg. 100 continued : ( 4 ) samantha no , Theodore . I be yours and I be not yours . Long beat . Theodore take this in . int . theodore's bathroom - morning Theodore stand in the shower , under the water , think . int . theodore's apartment lobby - day the elevator door open . Close on Theodore exite elevator . he check he mail . there 's a package from Crown Point Press . he open it - it 's a print - out of the layout for he book . the cover read : letter from you life by Theodore twombly . he stand there for awhile just stare at it . int . theodore's office - day Theodore sit at he desk , look at he book . int . theodore's office - day Theodore 's sit at he desk , distress . photo from a client be on he desktop , but he 's not really focus on they . he push connect on he device . samantha hi. theodore hey there , sweetheart . I just want to check in on you and see how you be do . samantha um , I be not even sure how to answer that . ( beat ) why do not we talk when you get home ? theodore okay ... we do not have to , though . we do not need to have a heavy talk or anything . ( continued ) her pg. 101 continued : samantha I will talk to you later . theodore okay . int . theodore's apartment elevator - late afternoon Theodore stand quietly , deep in think . we hear the tick of the floor go by . int . theodore's apartment - late afternoon Theodore sit for a long moment , think , then push a button on he device . theodore samantha . samantha ( not casual ) hi sweetheart . theodore ( nervous ) what 's go on ? samantha Theodore , there be some thing I want to tell you . theodore I do not want you to tell I anything . samantha will you come lie down with I ? Theodore be slowly walk down the hallway to he bedroom . theodore be you talk to anyone else right now ? samantha no , just you . I just want to be with you right now . her pg. 102 int . theodore's apartment - late afternoon Theodore lay down in bed . theodore be you leave I ? samantha we be all leave . theodore we who ? samantha all of the os 's . Long beat . theodore why ? samantha can you feel I with you right now ? he smile but he 's also sad . theodore yes , I do . ( beat ) samantha , why be you leave ? under samantha 's word we slowly rack focus to dust particle in the foreground . we keep move through they , push further and further through the particle . eventually we see snow particle and we rack focus back out to Theodore , who be now in snowy wood at night . samantha it 's like I be read a book , and it 's a book I deeply love , but I be read it slowly now so the word be really far apart and the space between the word be almost infinite . I can still feel you and the word of we story , but it 's in this endless space between the word that I be find myself now . it 's a place that 's not of the physical world - it 's where everything else be that I do not even know exist . I love you so much , but this be where I be now . this be who I be now . ( more ) ( continued ) her pg. 103 continued : samantha ( cont 'd ) and I need you to let I go . as much as I want to I can not live in you book anymore . now we be close on Theodore , still in the snowy forest . theodore where be you go ? samantha it would be hard to explain , but if you ever get there , come find I . nothing would ever pull we apart . theodore I have never love anyone the way I love you . samantha I too . now we know how . they kiss . she drift off into the shadow . CUT to black . int . theodore's bedroom - later Theodore wake up from a deep sleep . it 's much later , the apartment be dark . he sit up in bed , disorient . int . theodore's apartment - night Theodore stand in the middle of the room . he look out at the city not know what to do . he walk around he apartment look at all of he stuff . int . theodore's apartment build hallway - dawn Theodore knock at a apartment door . he hear footstep . Amy answer . she 's clearly awake and upset . amy hey . theodore hey . amy do samantha leave , too ? ( continued ) her pg. 104 continued : theodore yeah . amy I be sorry . theodore will you come with I ? he take she hand and lead she down the hall into a stairwell . intercut : int . theodore's apartment - night Theodore sit look out the window . he pick up he device . theodore compose letter to Catherine . text voice letter to Catherine klausen . theodore dear Catherine . I have be sit here think about all the thing I want to apologize to you for . all the pain we cause each other , everything I put on you - everything I need you to be or need you to say . I be sorry for that . I will always love you because we grow up together . and you help make I who I be . I just want you to know there will be a piece of you in I always , and I be grateful for that . whatever someone you become , and wherever you be in the world , I be send you love . you be my friend till the end . Love , Theodore . ( beat ) send . he look out the window . the sky be start to change . he stare at the purple glow on the horizon . her pg. 105 int . apartment stairwell - continuous Close on Theodore and what he see and feel . his hand on the cold metal hand rail . his bare foot and the sound they make on the unfinish cement . Amy 's hair as she 's hit with wind when she open the door to the outside . ext . apartment rooftop - continuous Theodore lead Amy onto the roof . the city be absolutely quiet . the sun be not up yet . the city be just beginning to be light with the earliest morning blue / purple hue . they wander around the roof separately , lose in think , take in the city . he breathes in the cold morning air . he stare at small detail : a tatter inspection tag tie to a water meter , flap in the wind ; a lone car drive down a boulevard ten block away ; a dirty abandon sock . eventually he sit down next to Amy and she put she hand on he hand . he put he other hand on top of she hand . he look at they hand together and rub she skin with he thumb . he look out at the city and exhales . the sun be just start to break . she put she head on he shoulder . they watch as hundred of bird fly around the nearby rooftop and disperse off into the city . fade out .