hereditary by ari Aster 11-30-2016 int . workshop - morning 1 a impressive room serve as a artist 's workshop . it 's empty , but evidence of frantic creative activity abound . we pan across the wall , crossing a series of meticulously hand - craft dollhouse , mostly work in progress . as we drift past this unfinish diorama , we trajectory become clearer ... we be move in on a extraordinary sculpture of a beautiful , rustic craftsman home , at 1:8 scale . its front wall have be remove , expose its room in graphic tableaux . this huge miniature be painstakingly detailed . it 's adorn with shrunken prop / decoration ( flashlight , pill bottle , shoe , etc. ) and teensy furniture , all flawlessly render and distinguishable only in size from they full - scale model . we continue to pan / track across the miniature , edging closer and closer as we drift along its tiny room . we finally arrive at a miniature replica of a teenage boy 's bedroom on the second floor . we push towards this until the room fill the frame . the bright morning sun beam in through its window . it become apparent that a handsome , skinny boy be sleep in the bed . this be peter graham ( 17 ) . we continue push gently in , remain in a wide of the room ( whose status as a miniature have now be confuse ) . the door open and steve graham ( 47 ) - tall , broad - shoulder , formal - pop he head in . he wear a black suit . steve all right , petey . wake up time . Peter stir awake . Steve drop a fold - up black suit and tie on the foot of the bed . steve ( cont 'd ) here 's you suit . max , the family 's golden retriever , shuffles happily in through the door . steve ( cont 'd ) do you sister sleep in she room last night ? ext . graham house - same time 2 Wide on the house , revealing that it be identical to the miniature that we see in the workshop . the surround landscape be blankete with snow . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 2. Steve exit a back door to approach a very large treehouse . it be join to a sturdy oak and hover fifteen foot above the ground . we be subtly booming down from this wide view ( as Steve begin to climb the tree ) to arrive at a park car - one of two family car - in the foreground . sitting in the passenger seat be a bereaved woman ( 45 ) . she wear all black , and be beautiful in a wear way . this be annie graham , and she look emotionally exhaust . she wear a delicate necklace bear a ornate sigil , which she compulsively finger . ext . treehouse - same time 3 Steve poke he head into the treehouse , where he find : charlie - a plump , androgynous fourteen year old girl - lie asleep on the floor . she wear a parka and pajama bottom . beside she be a drawing pad and a open shoebox . steve oh my God , Charlie . be you crazy ? Charlie wake up , she nose pink and runny . when she notice Steve , she frantically reach to shut the shoebox . steve ( cont 'd ) this be how you get pneumonia ! charlie ( get up ) it 's okay . steve you mom 's in the car already , we be late . int . funeral home - chapel - morning 4 a moderately attend funeral . ( a large group of men and women observe from the back . ) before the altar , a OPEN casket rest beside a blow up photo of the decease ellen leigh , Annie 's 75 year old mother . Annie , Steve , Charlie ( now wear a oversize black dress over she pajama bottom ) and Peter sit in the first row of chair . they listen as a large woman ( 60 ) speak in remembrance of ellen . large woman ellen be a tough one . she do not mince word , she abhorre the sentimental , and she be honest . and I know that 's how she raise she child , Annie and Charles - ( more ) Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 3 . large woman ( cont 'd ) ( uncomfortably ) - may he rest in peace ... to always be honest ... half-listening ( half -wince ) , Annie 's attention be draw to charlie , who make a quiet clicking noise with she tongue . this be a tic . suddenly , a bird flap out from the rafter , startling the congregation . the bird settles on a ceiling perch . it be a whippoorwill . it look down , fix its gaze on Annie . Annie look very disturb . off-screen , the large woman continue . minute later Annie be now on the platform . annie I just wanna say first ... it 's very hearten to see so many strange new face here today . I know my mom would be very touch ( and probably a little suspicious ) if she could see this turn - out , so ... Annie look down to now read from a heavily edit loose - leaf page . this be she eulogy . ( not use to read in public , she rarely look up from the paper . ) annie ( cont 'd ) my mother be a intensely secretive and private woman . she have private ritual , private friend , private anxiety ... it honestly feel like a betrayal just to be stand here talk about she ... Annie pause . she look at the paragraph . it 's very long , and begin with the sentence '' my mother be a chameleon . " she decide to skip ahead to the next paragraph . annie ( cont 'd ) she be a very difficult woman to read . if you ever think you know what be go on with she - and God forbid you try to confront that .../ ( stop ...pauses ... skip ahead ) ... but when she life be unpollute , she could easily be the sweetest , warmest , most loving person in the world ... Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 4 . Charlie be drawing a weepy caricature of Annie at the platform . Steve watch this in the corner of he eye . annie ( cont 'd ) ( pause , skip again to the next paragraph ) .-.- she be also incredibly stubborn . which maybe explain I . scatter , know laughter . annie ( cont 'd ) you could always count on she to always have the answer .... she stop short , eye on the paper . the sentence would continue '' and if she ever be mistaken - well , that be you opinion and you be wrong . '' suddenly remorseful , Annie ( off-book ) assert : annie ( cont 'd ) I do love she . Charlie be still draw . Steve close the notepad . he point to Annie : '' listen to you mother . " Charlie grudgingly oblige . annie ( cont 'd ) she be especially strong about food . when I be a girl and I have to eat my veggy ... later the mourner have be invite up to view the decease and say goodbye . organ music play as Annie , Steve , Peter ( who do not look ) and Charlie shuffle by . Charlie peer into the open casket to see she grandmother 's corpse . it wear a necklace with a delicate sigil ornament ( identical to Annie 's ) . the seam in the corpse 's make - up be eerily apparent and the lip be slightly twisted . unnerve , Charlie look away . she meet eye with a smile middle - aged blonde man stand in the queue behind she . he 's staring at she - a overly sentimental look in he eye . disturb , Charlie avert she eye . '' yeesh . " '' second later a older woman arrive at the open casket . her finger be dip into a small bottle of oil . she quickly and covertly streak the oil along the corpse 's lip . see this , a follow mourner squint with bewilderment . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 5 . int . car ( moving ) - late afternoon 5 Steve be at the wheel , drive back home . Annie sit passenger , and Peter and Charlie sit in the back . they drive past a gather of deer . annie ( to Steve ) how do you keep from scream during Judy 's speech ? steve ha . well , if you could ...! Peter eye the back of Annie 's head . she seem to grate on he nerve . meanwhile , Charlie be back to make click noise with she tongue . she do this while unwrap a chocolate bar . annie ( to Steve ) how about that bird fly in ? steve yeah , that be weird . annie that be too weird . the timing ? it feel like it be my mom . Steve nod , betray a look of concern . Annie self - consciously backtrack : annie ( cont 'd ) not actually , obviously . just - it strike I . Annie notice Charlie eat the chocolate bar . annie ( cont 'd ) hey ! be there nut in that ? charlie no ! annie better not be . Annie return she attention to the road . Steve lovingly take she hand . she smile at he . Charlie , irritate , look very tense . charlie ( quietly ) I do not like go back without grandma . steve ( carefully ) well , sweetie ... do you understand why we have to ? Charlie just tense up , eye narrowing onto the floor . int . graham house - foyer - evening 6 the house be unlit and seemingly vacant . off-screen , we hear feet scurry and a door close . Max , the golden retriever , bark in reaction to this . a moment later , the front door open and the Graham family enter . they stamp the snow off they boot and remove they coat . Max run up , desperate to greet they . Steve bend down to happily receive he . Charlie move toward the stair , still wear she boot . steve hey hey -- shoe off . Charlie pull off she boot . she and Peter start separately up the stair . Steve , look down , notice dry foot - print around the foyer . steve ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) see ? what 's with all this footprint ? I be tired of remind everybody . int . workshop - evening 7 Annie be at she work desk . it 's a mess of paint , prop , wood piece , etc . she wear magnify eye-glass as she carefully paint eye onto a SMALL doctor figurine for a miniature hospice . a figurine of a old woman - presumably Annie 's mother - lie in a miniature hospital bed . Steve enter , disrupt Annie 's focus . steve how 's it go ? annie just work . Steve casually rest a glass of water and a pill on the table . she downs it without question . steve still toil on the hospice ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 7 . annie between that and the pre-school . there be a half - finish miniature pre -school in the corner . steve how far be we now ? Seven month ? annie six and a half . steve yow. comin 's up . her eye widen with stress . steve ( cont 'd ) any title idea yet ? Annie grab she laptop and pull up a pdf for a poster promote a upcoming exhibition of she artwork . it feature a photo of a magnificent live room miniature . below this be the word '' title here '' in bold , follow by '' the work of Annie leigh . '' annie steve ( cont 'd ) this be the photo they wanna use . ooh , I love that one . annie the gallery owner keep suggest you life in miniature for the title . steve what do you think of that ? Annie look at he , incredulous . '' be you serious ? '' steve ( cont 'd ) no good ? annie it 's horrible ! steve ( concede ) yeah . a little trite . annie a lot trite ! be you kid ? she will not stop suggest it ! Steve look to a stack of large moving box in the corner . they be mark '' Mom 's thing '' in Annie 's handwrite . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 8 . steve you want I to put that stuff in the attic ? annie ...- yeah . maybe not just yet . int . peter 's bedroom - night 8 Peter sit up in bed , hold a guitar . he improvise a clunky tune as a mute tv play cartoon . his eye be onthe tv . the door crack open and Steve poke he head in . steve goodnight , kiddo . peter ' night , dad . steve ..- what you play ? peter just pluck random string . steve ( nod , then ) you feel okay about everything ? peter ( shrug ) yeah . fine. steve Little sad ? Peter shrug again . he clearly be not fond of ellen . steve ( cont 'd ) yeah . I know . ( pause ) okay , buddy . Love you . Steve kiss in Peter 's direction . Peter kiss back . Steve walk off , leave the door open . a moment later , Annie walk up to the doorway , still wear she magnify eye-glass . she 's hold a prop in one hand , a fine paintbrush in the other . annie ' night sweetheart . peter goodnight . I be sorry about you mom . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 9 . annie ( pause ) thank you . I be sorry about you grandma . peter ..- thank you . Annie smile , hesitates , and walk off . there 's a very load tension between this two . after Annie be go , Peter climb out of bed to shut the door . he lock it . int . charlie 's bedroom - night 9 Charlie 's room be that of a young artist . the wall be cover in drawing , and the desk and other surface be litter with different handmade human manikin and SMALL statue ( all make of disparate part - mostly find object ) . Annie sit on the edge of Charlie 's bed . Charlie be under the cover . Annie have open Charlie 's draw pad to see a caricature of Annie 's mother 's corpse in its casket . annie that 's grandma ? charlie I dunno . annie you know you be she favorite ? charlie ( look away ) no I be not . annie ( pounce ) oh yes you absolutely be ! even when you be a little baby , she would not let I feed you because she need to feed you . it drive I crazy . charlie she say I be suppose to be a boy . Annie know this . she hesitates , want to say the right thing . annie how do you feel about that ? Charlie shrug . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 10 . annie ( cont 'd ) you know I be a tomboy grow up ? I hate dress and doll and pink . Charlie 's hear this before . she have tense up . charlie ( look away , quietly ) who 's gonna take care of I ? annie ( mock offended ) ummm , excuse I ? you do not think I be gonna take care of you ?! charlie but when you die ... annie ..+.- then dad will take care of you . or Peter . Charlie 's head remain turn . discourage , Annie turn back the page of the draw pad . she now see the caricature of she , cry at the pulpit . annie ( cont 'd ) who 's this one ? no answer . Annie take it personally , but pretend not to . she close the book with a smile . annie ( cont 'd ) you never even cry as a baby - you know that ? not even when you be bear . Charlie ignore this . annie ( cont 'd ) do you feel like you want to cry today ? without look at Annie , Charlie shrug a tense '' I do not know . '' annie ( cont 'd ) do you think that might feel like a relief ? Charlie remain mile away . Annie look up to notice that a difficult - to- read word ( look like '' satony '' ) have be carve into the wall behind Charlie 's bed . Annie pause , let it go , and then bend down to kiss Charlie 's forehead . 10 11 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 11 . annie ( cont 'd ) goodnight , sweetie . int . workshop - night 10 Annie enter . outside the window : peaceful snowfall . Annie hesitates before walk over to the box label '' Mom 's thing . " she reluctantly open it ... the box be fill with bottled oil and herb . at the top of the box be a photo album title '' memories . '' Annie open it to sift through photo of she mother . she lay the album back into the box , and then notice a stack of wear hardback . she pull one out . '' note on spiritualism . '' this call back unwelcome memory . Annie dump the book back into the box , and push the box away . Annie walk to the door and flip off the light , leave the room in darkness ( save for the moonlight ) . she 's about to leave , but something make she freeze . stand motionless in a dark corner ( almost too dark to make out ) be annie 's mother , ellen - wear the same outfit as the funeral . she 's stare at Annie . smiling . Annie , nearly paralyze with fear , reach for the light switch . without look away , she turn the light back on . her mother be go . Annie remain motionless . annie ( a whisper ) Mom ? Annie 's eye be now draw to ... a dusty older miniature in the corner . it 's a replica of Annie 's bedroom . a figurine of Annie ( in she early thirty ) breastfeed a baby . stand beside she be a figurine of a older woman ( Annie 's mother ) hold she naked breast out of she nightgown . she lean over , offer it to the baby . compete with Annie . Troubled by this , Annie walk briskly to the miniature and turn it away . it 's now face the wall as Annie return to the door , flick off the light , and leave . int . annie & steve 's bedroom - minute later 11 Annie climb into bed with Steve . annie I just scared myself in the workshop . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 12 . steve oh no . with what ? Annie pause . thinks about tell he . Steve look interested / slightly worried . Annie think better of it . steve ( cont 'd ) . no ? she smile '' nah . '' annie goodnight . Annie turn off the bedside lamp and give Steve a blunt kiss . steve ( before she can pull away ) mm , mm - no you do not . he extend the kiss , make it last . then : steve ( cont 'd ) goodnight . 12 int . high school classroom - next morning 12 Charlie 's '' special need '' class . scrawle on the blackboard be the word '' quiet mean silence ! '' and all the student be indeed silent as they take a quiz . the teacher ( 40s ) walk along the row of desk , overlook the quiz-taker . he come to charlie , whose quiz be upside - down . in she lap , she be assemble a small manikin 's body with disparate find object ( wood , metal , cardboard , etc ) . teacher charlie be you do ? ( look up , startle ) what ? charlie ( cont 'd ) .-- almost . teacher ( warmly ) so maybe we finish the toy after the quiz ? what do you think ? charlie ... okay . the teacher gently turn the quiz right - side - up . Charlie be extremely tense through this . 13 13 . suddenly a pigeon fly into the window , slamm its head . the impact break its neck . the classroom erupt with excitement - '' oh my God ! '' '' do you see that ?! '' - but not Charlie . she stare tensely at she desk , still disturb by the teacher 's interference . Charlie 's eye scan up . they alight on a pair of scissor on the teacher 's desk . int . high school classroom - day 13 Peter 's English class . the chalkboard read : themes - escape fate . - relationship between knowledge and responsibility . - " no man consider fortunate until he be dead . " the teacher , mr. davie ( 30 ) , try to facilitate a group discussion . he hold a copy of sophocle 's the woman of trachis . mr . davie so if we be go by the rule that a hero be undone by he fatal flaw , what be heracles 's flaw ? smart -ass student Fucking he mom . some laughter from the class . mr. davie wrong play , Sam . and watch you language . meanwhile , Peter be be hypnotize by BRIDGET ( 17 ) , the attractive girl sit in front of he . Peter 's rapt attention be glue to the butt of she jeans . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) come on , guy : what be heracles 's flaw ? Bridget now speak up : BRIDGET arrogance . this pique Peter 's interest . mr . davie okay - why ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 14 . BRIDGET because he literally refuse to look at all the sign that be be literally hand to he the entire play . Peter 's in love . mr . davie okay , interesting ! so he think he have control . smart -ass student plus he fuck he mom . more laugh . mr . davie ( to the smart - ass ) that 's two strike , Sam . ( back to the class ) but also , do not forget : sophocle write it so the oracle be unconditional . meaning heracles never have any choice . right ? Peter 's smartphone vibrate with a text . mr . davie ( cont 'd ) so , do this make it more tragic or less tragic than if he do have a choice ? student # 2 less ! Peter check he text . it 's from Brendan . it read : '' wanna smoke a bowl at break ? '' this come from the boy behind he . mr . davie okay : why ? student # 2 ( already give up ) because ! Mr. Davies turn to Peter , who 's now compose a text in he lap . mr . davie Care to weigh in , Peter ? Peter look up , a deer in headlight . peter about which part ? 14 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 15 . mr . davie be it more tragic if it 's inevitable than if the character have agency ? Peter be not follow . peter yes ? mr . davie why ? peter .-.- because he have sex with he mom ? Dead air . Mr. Davies give Peter a unencourage look . another student pick up the slack : student # 3 I think it 's more tragic - because if it 's all just inevitable , that mean the character have no hope and that they never have hope , because they be just like pawn in this horrible , hopeless machine . Peter have now notice BRIDGET look at he . she give he a sardonic '' nice try '' smile . Peter smile back , embarrassed . she turn away . Peter 's smile turn to a long stare . ext . schoolyard - day 14 recess . the dead pigeon lie pathetically in the bush below Charlie 's classroom window . Charlie stand nearby , stare at the pigeon . after some time , she fish a pair of scissor from she parka pocket . ( this be the scissors from she teacher 's desk . ) Charlie extend the scissors , fit the blade around the pigeon 's neck , and snip off its head . Charlie quickly pocket the pigeon head , and look up to notice : a older woman ( 60 ) sit on a bench , just beyond the schoolyard fence . she be gaze at Charlie , sentimental . Charlie gawk at the woman , unnerve . without break eye contact , she pull a chocolate bar from she pocket . in the b.g. , peter walk past , join by Brendan . see the chocolate , Peter casually assert : 15 16 17 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 16 . peter no nut , Charlie . this make Charlie freeze up with tension . int . psychiatrist 's office - afternoon 15 Steve 's office be large and sparsely decorate . Steve sit in a leather chair with a notepad rest on he lap . sitting opposite he be a extremely agitate , depressed female patient ( 40s ) . Steve study she non-judgmentally . steve and how 's the anger ? patient same . I just do not care as much . steve ( optimistic ) so not as consume ? patient ( gritt tooth ) it 's just as consume , I just do not care as much . Steve , stifling frustration , affect superhuman patience . steve and how 's you appetite be ? with the serafem ... versus the lexapro . int . annie 's workshop - day 16 Annie 's laptop be open to a website : '' discernment of presumed apparition . '' Annie , sit at the Graham house model , be carefully painting a miniature laptop , feature the very same website . int . annie 's mother 's bedroom - day 17 we be look through the open door into the hall . downstair , the front door be hear open . steve ( 0.s. ) hello ! annie ( 0.s. ) hi! Annie step out into the hall and walk past the doorway . a moment later , we hear she footstep freeze . she soon return into view , now look very unsettle . she stare past we , into the room ... 18 19 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 17 . annie 's Pov : the room be mostly empty , save for the bed ( stripped of sheet ) , a bookshelf , and various framed photo feature member of the family . one photo : a portrait of Annie and she mother , stand side by side . there be also a large triangle ( point northwest ) that have be carve violently into the floorboard . Annie do not react to the triangle . it be clearly already there . Annie leave . int . tv room - moment later 18 Steve sit on the couch , have just turn on the news . he 's still wear he coat . Annie enter . annie be you in my mom 's room ? steve what ? no. annie the door be open . Steve make a '' hmm '' face . the front door be hear open , and Annie go to the foyer , where Peter and Charlie be enter . annie ( cont 'd ) hey guy . how be school ? peter okay . annie do either of you go into grandma 's room recently ? they both squint . '' why would we go in there ? '' peter I do not think you need to worry about I ever be in that room . int . hallway - evening 19 Steve be at Annie 's mother 's door . he lock it ( by key ) from the outside . annie sorry . I know it 's irrational . Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 18 . steve not at all . illustrate that it 's lock , Steve try turn the knob . Annie smile . annie thank you . she kiss Steve , feel dopey . Peter walk up to they , hold the phone . peter dad ? ( extend phone ) it 's the cemetery . annie about what ? steve I all see. ( into phone ) hi ... yeah ... Steve walk down the hall to create distance between he and Annie . now irk , Annie walk off . steve ( cont 'd ) ( into phone , warily ) okay .... and what do '' desecrate '' mean ? ( listen , then - shocked ) what ? it 's only be a week . annie step back into the hall , now wear a coat . Steve nervously accelerate : steve ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) okay . all right . can I actually call you back ?... okay , fine . Steve hang up . annie steve ( cont 'd ) what be it ? nothing . just billing crap . Annie look skeptical . Steve notice Annie 's coat . he give she a inquire look . annie I be gonna go see a movie . 20 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 19 . steve okay . right now ? annie I think I just need to get out of the house for a second . steve ..- want I to join ? annie ( hesitates ) I think I might just need like a hour to myself . I be really tense . steve okay ... great . I think you should . Annie smile '' thanks . '' annie do you know where Charlie be ? steve where else ? Annie know what that mean . she immediately look frustrated . steve ( cont 'd ) let it go . it 's waste energy . annie steve ( cont 'd ) it 's below 30 outside ! so let she catch a cold . maybe she need one . int . treehouse - evening 20 Charlie sit in she treehouse . she lay the severe pigeon head into she shoebox . Inside this box be three other severe animal head . one belong to a rabbit , one to a rat , one to a squirrel . ( the head be in different stage of decomposition ; fly buzz about . ) down below , Annie be hear : annie ( 0.s. ) Charlie ? Charlie shut the box , shove it into a corner , and peer down to see annie at the tree 's base . annie ( cont 'd ) come on , sweetie . it 's freezing out here . no response from Charlie . Annie do not push it . ced 21 22 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 20 . annie ( cont 'd ) okay , well , I be run out for a sec . be there anything I can bring you back ? charlie ( defensively ) why ?? int . car ( moving ) - night 21 Annie idle into the parking lot of a Catholic high school . she park , turn off the engine , and sit in silence for a moment . brace herself . int . catholic school gymnasium - night 22 a support group hold in the high school 's gymnasium . a sign on a easel read '' losing a love one , grief recovery . " the session have not yet start . twenty empty chair form a circle in the space 's center . mourner of vary affect be scattered about , mingling . Annie enter , very ill - at -ease . thirty minute later all the chair be now fill . a middle - age mexican woman speak ( in Spanish ) through coursing tear . a young man translate for she as the rest of the group listen . young man ( translate between she sentence ) sometimes I even get so relieved ... because he be in so much pain , and by the end he just hate himself . always say '' I be a burden , I ’ma burden , I be a burden '' ... Annie 's eye be wide . she 's empathize with this , but it seem to also be agitate she . five minute later the group leader address the group . leader we have set aside some time for any newcomer who might like to speak ... silence . 21 . leader ( cont 'd ) so , anybody new - if it 's you first or second time with we : the floor be open . Annie look very tear . she start to lift up she hand , but stop short . leader ( cont 'd ) ( gesture to Annie ) yes ? Annie look panicked . leader ( cont 'd ) would you like to ...? annie ...- maybe not . leader okay . no pressure . Annie nod , take a long moment , and then force herself : annie my name 's Annie . the group hi Annie . Annie strain a smile . she continue tensely , as if against she will : annie my mom die a week ago , so I be just here for - try it . I have a lot of resistance to thing like this , but I go to this a couple year ago - I be pressured to come - but it do help , so ... ( long pause ) my mom be old and she be not all together at the end - and we be pretty much estrange before that - so it be not a huge blow . but I do love she . and she do not have a easy life ... she have d.i.d. , which become extreme in the last year , and dementia ...! my dad die of starvation when I be a baby . he have psychotic depression and he starve himself . which I be sure be as pleasant as it sound . and then my older brother - he be schizophrenic - and when he be sixteen , he hang himself in my mom 's bedroom . ( more ) Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 22 . annie ( cont 'd ) of course he suicide note blame she . accuse she of put people inside of he . ( throw hand up ) so that be my mom 's life ! Annie look to the group . they allow she time to continue . she reluctantly proceed . annie ( cont 'd ) .-- she finally live in we house at the end . before hospice . we be not talk before that -- or we be and then we be not and then we be - she be completely manipulative - until finally my husband enforce a no contact rule , which last until I be pregnant with my daughter . I do not let she near I when I have my first - my son - which be why I give she my daughter , who she immediately stab she hook into . and of course I feel guilty again when she get sick ... not that she be even my mom at the end . and not that she ever feel guilty . about anything . Annie have work herself up . a charge pause as she calm back down . annie ( cont 'd ) and I do not wanna put any more stress on my family . not even sure if they could give I that support . she get stick here . tear begin to well . she struggle to squeeze out the follow : annie ( cont 'd ) it just all sometimes feel ruin . and then I realize I be to blame . or not that I be to blame , but that I be ... blame . beat . leader and what do you think you feel blame for ? Annie look to the leader . pause . annie I apparently act a certain way - accord to they - I do thing , in my sleep , a couple year ago . or almost do they ... 23 24 25 26 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 23 . Annie look like she 's go to continue , but then she abruptly cut herself off . that 's it . we reveal the mystify group . they struggle to remain sympathetic , despite they confusion . annie ( cont 'd ) so anyway . everything 's disappoint . so here I be . she force a laugh , but also cry a bit . she wipe away the tear and make a embarrassed '' bah '' face . she then motion to the group : '' who 's next ? '' int . hallway - night 23 at the end of the hall , a very deplete Annie have just finish scale the stair . in the f.g. , Peter 's door ease shut . int . peter 's bedroom - same time 24 Peter 's laptop be open . the browser display BRIDGET 's facebook page . ( Peter have be go through she photo . ) behind that , another page display '' popular career interest . '' Peter walk from the door ( which he just close ) to he desk . he grab a small water pipe , pack with marijuana , and walk to the window . as Peter take a hit from he pipe , he smartphone vibrate with a text . he check it . from '' Brendan '' : Holy shit . huge party tomorrow at Aaron 's house . bring you dick ! ext . graham house - continuous 25 a wide of the house . in the foreground seem to be someone 's shoulder . pot smoke be blow out of Peter 's window , follow by a brief fit of coughing . int . charlie 's bedroom - the next day 26 Charlie , dress in she pajamas and munch on m&m , sit at she desk . she 's be finish the torso for another small human manikin . the limb be make of different scrap . to the side of Charlie 's sculpture - in-progress be the severe pigeon head . beside that be Charlie 's draw pad , open to a unfinish still life of the pigeon head . and on the far side of the desk : a crude , bare stage for a unfinish diorama . 27 28 29 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 24 . as she work , Charlie make the clicking SOUND with she tongue . suddenly , a glint of light sweep the room in a quick flash . Charlie cease draw . her click stop . disturb by the flash , she raise she head and hold . listen for something ? after a beat , Charlie rise from she seat and walk to the window . it 's snow outside . she stand there for a long time , she back to we . she 's staring at something ... int . kitchen - same time 27 Annie be prepare dinner . her smartphone ding with a incoming email . it 's from the Asher Gallery . she open it . it read : hi Annie ! do not want to bother you , but we have love to see where we be ( progress - wise ) . could you possibly send we pic of you work in its current stage ? I promise we will not judge !! ;) Annie look suddenly overwhelm . ext . wood - minute later 28 the vast wooded area behind the Graham house . it be still snow . Charlie , wear regular shoe and no coat ( and still dress in she pajamas ) , take wide step as she slog through the snow . she gaze listlessly ahead , as if in a trance . she 's be draw toward something . like she 's sleepwalk with open eye . Max , the family dog , follow happily behind . a FIRE be hear crackle in the distance . be this what she 's walk toward ? we cut to a extreme high angle - almost bird 's eye . this reveal that Charlie seem to be follow a fresh path of footprint ( source unknown ) lead off-screen . int . annie 's workshop - same time 29 Annie be now working intensely on one of she miniature . she look very anxious . Peter appear at the door . peter hey , uh ... Annie look up , visibly annoyed by the disturbance . 25 . peter ( cont 'd ) .«.. do you think I could borrow one of the car tonight ? annie why ? where be you go ? peter oh , just like a school bbq thing . Annie continue work on the miniature , break intermittently as they speak : annie do that mean you be not have dinner with we ? peter oh , no , I be still gonna eat here . annie peter ( cont 'd ) well - you can eat there if you_want . I just do not no , I will eat here . I would just realize . be go there to hang out . Annie pause . her mind be not quite on this right now . she take a moment ( pull herself from she work ) to assess the question that need to be ask . annie no drink ? peter nobody 's old enough to even get drink if they want to . annie well , that 's a crock . I be just ask if you be drink . peter well , I just answer no . Annie look he hard in the eye before accept that . annie .».- you gonna take you sister ? peter uh - do she want to go ? annie ( mimick he tone ) uh - have you ask she ? 30 ext . hallway - moment later 30 Peter go to Charlie 's room . she 's not there . he call out : 31 32 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 26 . peter Charlie ?! int . workshop - moment later 31 Peter return to the workshop . peter she 's not in the house . frustrate , Annie throw down she paintbrush : annie what ? yes she be . ext . wood - same time 32 Charlie be still walk through the snow . she see in the distance , almost too far away to distinguish ... a ring of burning torch have be set up . within this ring , a old woman' inanimate body ( dead ? ) stand erect - tie to a pole , with she arm strapped to outstretch plank . the body be dress in fine white silk . it look like ellen leigh ( Charlie 's grandmother ) , but it 's too far away to quite tell . Charlie squint at this , barely reacting , when -- annie ( 0.s. ) charlie ! Charlie look to annie , who be run in she direction . Charlie step toward Annie . annie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! it 's below freezing out here ! Annie arrive at Charlie , not see the distant torch . she seize Charlie 's arm and start lead she back to the house . annie ( cont 'd ) be you a idiot ? you can not just roam around - no coat , no boot ! Charlie yank she arm away from Annie . annie ( cont 'd ) oh - what ? you be angry with I ? Annie grab Charlie 's arm and pull she back toward the house . charlie ( under she breath ) I want grandma . 27 . annie yeah . that make one of we . 33 int . foyer - moment later 33 Annie and Charlie return . Annie aggressively stamp the snow off she boot . annie you be go to this party with you brother . charlie what party ? annie ( try to be softer ) a school hang - out with other kid . charlie ( evasive ) that 's okay . annie no , it 's not okay . you be go . charlie why ? annie because it will be fun . you can hang out . . charlie annie ( cont 'd ) with who ? with you brother ! with other kid ! Peter have step into the hall . he nod , as if to say '' yeah , come along , '' but he eye be very uninvite . charlie ( as if to challenge Peter ) ... fine. annie great . you be go . ( to Peter ) she 's go with you . peter great . annie and that really mean no drink . peter yeah : I really be not go to . 34 35 36 28 . ext . highway - evening 34 the sun have set . a full moon glow pale - blue over a lonely highway . the Graham family car ( the green one ) flash past . int . graham family car - continuous 35 Peter be tense at the wheel . he drive the speed limit . Peter 's eye drift to the rear view mirror ... Charlie , sit in the back , click she tongue . Peter 's eye narrow resentfully back onto the road . the car pass a telephone pole . just a average telephone pole . but we hold on it for a second longer than feel necessary . hyper-attentive viewer might notice that a small sigil have be carve into it . ext . party house - night 36 a large , modern house . the window feature glimpsis of a big party , fill with circulate kid . Peter and Charlie walk up the driveway . Charlie , suddenly very nervous , start slow down . charlie maybe I do not have to go in ... Peter stop . peter why ? what 's wrong ? charlie it 's okay . I can just stay out here . peter Charlie , you be the one who want to come . charlie ( not look at he ) so you just go . I 'il be out here . peter Charlie : if you do not come in , I have to take you back home , and that 's 1ll take a hour . 37 29 . int . party house - moment later 37 the house be bustling . in the kitchen , two girl pull a cake from the oven . another girl ( work on the frosting ) chop up load of walnut on a chopping board . ecu of the nut be brutalize . in the live room , Peter stand awkwardly with Charlie . Charlie grip she draw pad . aaron ( 17 ) , a preppy-looking kid , walk suspiciously over to Peter . this be Aaron 's house . aaron peter hey . hey . Nice house . aaron how do you hear about this ? peter text . Aaron nod , annoyed . he take a aggressive sip of he drink . Peter be uncomfortable . peter ( cont 'd ) ( force conversation ) you parent be out of town ? Peter suddenly spot BRIDGET across the room . she sit on the couch , obviously inebriated , nursing a beer . completely alone . aaron you do not bring beer or anything , do you ? Peter turn back to Aaron , very impatient now . peter what ? no. ( first thing that come to mind ) I actually have to go to the bathroom . Aaron nod '' yeah , whatever . " Peter , already back away , turn to Charlie . peter ( cont 'd ) stay here one second , okay ? I be just go to the bathroom . Peter start walk . Charlie immediately follow . Peter feign a trajectory toward the bathroom just behind Bridget . as he walk , he pretend to notice she . he affect a surprised face . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 30 . peter ( cont ’d ) whoa , hey ! what 's up ? BRIDGET oh. hey . Peter step toward she . a brief pause . peter how 's the party ? BRIDGET ( sarcastic ) why ? you wanna know if you should come ? peter uh - yeah . what do you think ? BRIDGET ( shrug ) whatever . peter okay , maybe I will . BRIDGET okay , I ’1ll see you here . another awkward pause . peter do you happen to smoke at all ? BRIDGET smoke what ? Peter pinch into he pocket . he reveal the top of a roll - up bag of marijuana . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( not see ) be that tobacco or weed ? peter really awesome weed . Bridget consider , and then : BRIDGET ( " why not ? '' ) I could get more high . she stand up . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) the other room have a bong . 38 31 . Bridget gesture for he to follow she . Peter start to walk , but then notice Charlie follow he . peter hey . you wanna stay out here for a second ? charlie nope . peter Charlie : please : only for two minute and then we can hang out . you can draw . Bridget be already at the door to the other room . she look expectantly at Peter , who turn again ( desperately ) to Charlie . peter ( cont 'd ) please Charlie , I promise . I just need to do something really quick . Peter then sees something . peter ( cont 'd ) oh shit . look : he 's point at the kitchen . the teen girl be now cut into a fresh chocolate cake . they hand slice around . peter ( cont 'd ) they be give out chocolate cake . charlie peter ( cont 'd ) not to everyone . yes they be . it 's a party . charlie I do not know anyone . peter nobody do . just walk over , stand there , and they 's 1ll give you one . Peter start walk off , still face Charlie : peter ( cont 'd ) you should hurry , they be gonna run out , I 'il be right back ! hurry ! Peter rush over to Bridget as she open the door to the other room . Charlie look nervously to the kitchen . int . other room - continuous 38 two boy - one Hispanic and one blonde - be in the room , watch video on a tablet . Bridget enter , address they : 39 40 32 . BRIDGET hey guy , Peter have weed . the boy turn to Peter . Peter immediately deflate . hispanic boy ( 0.s. ) sativa or indica ? int . kitchen - same time 39 Charlie step into the doorway . extremely shy . her eye be magnetize to the chocolate cake as the girl continue hand out slice . one girl notice Charlie 's fix eye . she warmly offer Charlie a slice . Charlie accept without look she in the eye . charlie thanks . Charlie turn , digging into the cake . ( nut be visibly a key ingredient . ) int . other room - same time 40 Peter sit on the bed , beside Bridget . he pack marijuana into the bowl of a large bong . BRIDGET that be you sister , right ? peter yeah . Charlie . Peter 's cell phone vibrate . hispanic boy ( to Peter ) be you sister hot ? Peter check the cell . it 's annie call . tense , he tuck the phone back into he pocket . BRIDGET I actually see she draw I last week . peter oh yeah ? BRIDGET yeah , she make I look crazy . peter that 's Charlie . 4l 42 43 33 . Peter 's phone vibrate again . a yellow '' message wait '' light blink . Annie have leave a voicemail . int . live room - same time 41 Charlie walk around , hold a empty plate , she lip cover in chocolate . she stop for a moment to swallow . she pause , then swallow again . she look slightly concerned . Charlie go to a stack of red cup and pull one . she go to the kitchen faucet and draw herself a cup of water . int . annie 's workshop - night 42 Annie be work on the miniature of the Graham house . she plant a freshly - paint figurine of a ghostly old woman ina bathrobe ( clearly Annie 's mother ) in the upstairs hall . the figurine loom outside the open door of the master bedroom replica , where figurine of Annie and Steve be asleep in bed . int . party house - live room - night 43 the party be still in full swing . Charlie have find she way onto the couch and be now assemble a small manikin from disparate part ( from she pocket ) . her cheek look pink and slightly inflamed . a allergic reaction to the cake ? it look like she 's on the verge of throw up , but she keep she concentration on the manikin . a concerned boy ( 16 ) approach Charlie . not recognize that she 's a girl : concerned boy ( 0.s. ) hey dude , you okay ? you want some water ? Charlie do not even look up . charlie I be okay . concerned boy you sure ? charlie mm-hmm . the Boy hesitantly walk off . Charlie do not look good . 44 45 46 34 . int . other room - moment later 44 Peter be draw a impressive bong hit . the door be opened by Charlie . charlie Peter ? this be just as Peter finish inhale . he cough up smoke . peter ( like a chimney ) Charlie ! Peter immediately hide the bong behind he leg and look to Charlie , affect casualness . peter ( cont 'd ) ( still spout smoke ) what 's up ? Charlie look scared . peter ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? charlie it 's hard to breathe . Charlie 's voice be crack and strange . peter what do you mean ? charlie ( tear up ) my tongue be get bigger . hard CUT to : ext . car - night 45 a distraught Peter pull Charlie to the car . Charlie 's eye bulge and she face be pitch -re . she seem unable to breathe . Peter desperately open the back door , guide Charlie in , slam the door , and run to the driver side of the car . int . car ( moving ) - night 46 Peter speed down the empty highway . in the back seat , Charlie gasp and gurgle for breath . she kick at the door and grasp at she throat . tear of pain stream down she face . Peter accelerate . speed from 60 mph to 65 . 35 . peter you be okay , Charlie ! we be go to the hospital ! Charlie frantically roll down she window . desperate for air . Peter continue accelerate . 70 mph . Charlie force she head through the back passenger window . she gasp for breath , but she throat be swollen shut . she can not even scream . Peter continue accelerate . 75 mph . Charlie stick she squealing head even farther out the window . Peter continue accelerate . 80 ... 85 ... but then -- a grisly deer carcass , smear across the road , appear in the car 's headlight . Peter swerve out of the way . charlie 's head , flail out of the window , collide face - first with a telephone pole . the impact be so great that Charlie 's head be ripped off its shoulder . the decapitate head sail silently in the car 's wake . Peter stomp on the brake . the car squeal to a ear - split halt . the freeze car chug quietly . suspend in time . Peter sit motionless . paralyze . his eye be fix on the road in front of he . in the side - vew mirror , the dead deer ( thirty foot back ) be faintly visible in the car 's brake light . bath in red . Peter do not dare look back . his foot be jamme into the brake . in the back seat , Charlie sit headless . a torso . Peter 's eye begin to stray toward the rear - view mirror , but they stop before they get there . Peter can not look . Peter reach for the rear-view mirror and subtly turn it away . the '' voicemail wait '' light ( from Peter 's cell ) blink through the fabric of he jeans pocket . a long moment of silence , and then ... 47 48 49 36 . Peter 's foot slowly ease off the brake pedal . the car begin to slowly idle forward . Peter , eye lock on the road ahead , allow the car to slowly pick up speed . his demeanor suggest that he 's in great denial . as if he 's say to himself '' it 's okay , nothing happen . " the car drive onward . the headless torso rattles gently in the back seat . ext . graham house - night 47 the car idle quietly into the driveway . it park beside the other family car , but the engine continue hum . the driver door open , set off the dull ding - ding - ding of the '' door open / engine on '' alarm . after a long pause , the engine be turn off . Peter step out , as if in a dream state . he walk stiffly away from the car and into the house . int . hallway - continuous 48 Peter stalk woodenly through the hall . he walk into he bedroom , leave Annie and Steve to they sleep . Peter climb into bed , he door leave open . int . bedroom - the next morning 49 the next morning . close - up on Peter 's face , turn halfway into he pillow . his eye be wide open . downstair , we hear Annie pull on she coat . annie ( v.o. ) I be run out for some balsa wood . you want anything ? steve ( v.o. ) I be good , baby . drive safe . annie ( v.o. ) okay ! back in twenty ! the front door be hear open and shutting . we then hear : Annie walk to the car ... the car door open ... Annie beginning to climb in . and then ... silence . follow by ... a horrible scream , shrill and almost inhuman-sounding , issue from outside . Peter 's eye widen . 50 51 52 37 . Annie be hear staggering backwards and fall down , mutter ( almost inaudibly ) '' no , no , no , no ... " downstair ( in the house ) Steve be hear reacting and run to the front door . before he make it outside , Annie let out another blood - curdle shriek , which prompt a hard CUT to : ext . highway - morning 50 charlie 's head rest by the side of the road . the nose be completely smashed in . one eye be pitch red and the other be milky and opaque . the head be completely cover in ant . the halt shriek ( from the last shot ) echoes off into the wretch silence of this shot . the sound of thunder bridge we cut to : int . graham hallway - night 51 a STORM rage outside . Annie and Steve 's bedroom door be crack open . we barely see annie lie in bed , weeping and moaning . Steve , sit on the bed , console she . he try to feed she a pill . annie no ! I can not ! I can not ! I just wanna die !... I can not . Steve rub she head as she sink into a more placid despair . annie ( cont 'd ) .-- it hurt too much . I just need to die . and then more feeling come surging up . she moan a anguish moan . we reveal peter , stand paralyze on the stair , listening . his mother 's cry shred at he nerve . annie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) charlie !!! ext . cemetery - day 52 a overcast day . a sad gather of mourner . Annie , Peter and Steve stand lose among they . we be at a distance . the coffin ( in profile ) be be lower into the ground . we be booming down to follow the sink casket ( keep it center ) , and as the coffin descend into the earth , so do we . we slowly creep down , lose sight of the cemetery and the mourner . we continue tracking down along the dirt and the earthworm and the weed , sinking deeper and deeper into the dark , wet soil . soon we be swallow up again in black . 53 54 55 56 38 . int . house - live room - late afternoon 53 the wake . everything seem slightly opaque , as if see through glass . gloss over by grief . people stand uneasily and talk in hushed tone . steve stand in a daze , politely ( but absently ) accept condolence . int . annie & steve 's bedroom - same time 54 Annie lie in bed , face the wall . her back be tous . int . library - same time 55 Peter stand ( hide ? ) in the family library , anxiously massage he cell phone with he thumb . he look completely batter by trauma and self - loathing . he observe the wake in the adjacent live room through the distortion of the library 's texture glass door . he watch Steve shake someone 's hand . a man ( 40s ) step into the library , not expect to find Peter . man ( surprised ) Peter . how be you ? Peter smile politely , but can not answer . his eye look almost derange . man ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything ? peter I be just gonna use the bathroom . man okay . as Peter walk stiffly past , smile he force smile , the man awkwardly add : man ( cont ’d ) tos peter I be so sorry for you loss . ( exite ) thank you . int . bathroom - continuous 56 Peter hastily enter the bathroom and lock the door . he stand freeze for a moment , battle panic . the sound of the wake persist in the other room . Peter turn on the sink to create white noise . 57 58 59 60 61 39 . int . live room - evening 57 the remain mourner be slowly filter out . Steve politely usher they , thanking they for come . soon , everyone 's go . Steve just stand there , in the middle of the room . lose . int . hallway - moment later 58 Steve go to the bathroom door . tries to open it . it 's locked . the run sink be faintly hear . Steve pause , then knock gently . steve Peter ? no answer . int . bathroom - same time 59 Peter sit on the edge of the tub . the sink be still run . he hold he cell to he ear , listen to voicemail . robotic female voice ( v.o. ) you have one save message . first save message : annie ( v.o. ) hi sweetheart , it 's mom . just call to make sure that you and Charlie be okay and have a good time at the bbq . all right . have lot of fun and be safe . Love you both ! click . robotic female voice ( v.o. ) to listen to this message again , press four . int . annie & steve 's bedroom - moment later 60 Steve approach he bedroom , but stop at the open door . Annie be no longer in bed . the sheet have be drag halfway off the mattress ( presumably by Annie 's foot when she leave ) . int . charlie 's bedroom - moment later 61 Charlie 's lonely bedroom . everything be as it be . the door open . it 's Steve . he stand at the door , take the room in . after a moment , he step inside . 62 63 64 40 . moment later Steve sit on Charlie 's bed . he have pull up Charlie 's drawing pad . Steve open the pad . he flip slowly through the page . he take care to really look at the drawing . as if appreciate they for the first time . Steve pass several drawing of severe animal head ( include that of the rabbit , the rat and the cat , which we see in Charlie 's shoebox ) . Steve then come to Charlie 's half - finish draw of the pigeon head ( which now don a crown ) . Steve study it , and then turn the page to discover .. blank page . there be no more drawing . the floodgates open . Steve weep . int . charlie 's bedroom - night 62 Charlie 's bedroom be empty again . it 's snow outside . the door be open , and the hallway 's light be off . frame by the doorway , Peter walk past , determinedly not look into the room . int . peter 's bedroom - night 63 Peter enter . without change out of he clothes , he climb into bed . the alarm clock read 10:10 pm . he turn to he side and gaze out the window . the impose treehouse loom just outside . he stare at it . later Peter roll huffily from he stomach to he back , unable to sleep . he turn to the alarm clock . it now read 1:32 am . a beat , and then Peter climb out of bed , gather he blanket and pillow , and leave the room . ext . graham house - moment later 64 Peter , wear he parka and a elmer fudd hat , emerge from the back door of the house . he carry he blanket and pillow through the light snowfall , head for the treehouse . he note Charlie 's shoebox near the base of the tree ( have be drop from the treehouse ? ) . fly be audible inside . Peter grip the tree 's climb handle and scale the tree . 65 66 67 68 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 4l . int . treehouse - continuous 65 Peter climb in . he lay out he blanket and lie down , positioning he pillow under he head . now situate , he begin to close he eye , but before they can shut , he sense something behind he . he slowly look back to see : annie be sleeping in the corner , bundle up in blanket . startle , Peter stagger out of he blanket , grab he thing , and rush frantically out of the treehouse . in he haste , he foot slip off one of the wet climb handle . he fall to land hard on he back . in pain , Peter rise and limp back toward the house . we slowly dissolve from this to ... int . classroom - day 66 Peter sit in the back of class as a teacher drone on at the blackboard . the teacher 's voice be distant and vague , as if hear from under water . Peter 's eye be busy with nag , obsessive thought . they narrow upward to he right . we flash briefly to a insert of the family car 's rear view mirror ( from Peter 's Pov ) on the night of the accident . the mirror be in focus , but whatever 's in the back seat ( Charlie 's headless body ) be blurry and just out of the mirror 's view . we return to the CLASS . Peter snap out of he reverie to see BRIDGET look at he . they eye briefly meet before she quickly turn back to the teacher . Peter 's eye harden . ext . graham house = day 67 Annie draw the mail out of the mailbox . among the letter be a brochure . it read '' Calling all skeptics ! " below that : '' a public seance to be conduct by fame spiritual medium , Suzanne marlowe ! '' Annie go pale at the sight of this . she look around , suddenly paranoid - as if nervous that she 's be watch . int . workshop - day 68 Annie be at work , try to make progress on the hospice miniature . her eye be numb . she look exhaust . she turn in she swivel - chair to face the miniature of the graham house . she stare at it . off-screen , the front door be hear unlocking . Annie look in the direction of the noise . 69 70 71 72 73 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 42 . int . foyer - same time 69 the front door open and Steve enter . steve Annie ?! Max run up to greet Steve , he tail wag excitedly . int . workshop - same time 70 Annie go to the door . Steve be hear scale the stair . before he can reach the top , Annie silently ease the door shut . int . hallway - continuous 71 the workshop door quietly close just before Steve appear at the top of the stair . he approach the workshop . he knock on the door . no answer . he ease the door open . Annie '' work '' with she back to the door . she 's now wear headphone , '' listen '' to classical music . Steve smile sadly and close the door , leave Annie to she work . int . kitchen - moment later 72 Steve enter the kitchen . mail wait on the kitchen island . he find the brochure for the public seance , and dump it in the trash . in the b.g. , Annie cross the doorway . Steve do not see . ext . graham house - late afternoon 73 Annie sit in the blue family car , park in the driveway . ( the green car - the '' accident '' car - be now permanently go . ) Annie be try to work up the nerve to start the engine . then , in the side - view mirror , she see : Peter ride he bicycle up the driveway . he arrive at the front porch , but stay on the bike . he do not see Annie . Annie have tensed up . she sit motionless for fear of be see , eye locked on Peter . he stand for a long time at the front door , prepare to face he family . Annie watch as Peter continue to gather himself . he finally take a decisive breath , get off the bike , and quietly enter the house . 74 43 . Annie remain tense . she turn on the car 's ignition . ext . catholic high school gymnasium - evening 74 Annie idle into the parking lot of the high school gymnasium ( from earlier ) . outside , the same support group be gather . Annie pull into a spot . turn off the ignition . she stare at the gymnasium door . watch tensely as people solemnly enter . she do not move . after a long internal debate , Annie finally start the car back up , and begin to drive off . as she approach the exit , a older woman ( late 60 ) run suddenly - and merrily - into the headlight , flagging Annie down . Annie brake . the woman circle over to Annie 's window . Annie hesitantly roll it down . older woman hi! hello . sorry to chase you down . ( awkwardly ) be you not come in ? annie ( cornere ) I , no , I just - forget something . older woman okay , sorry , I just - I recognize you from a few month ago . you be here because you mother ? annie oh ... older woman I feel crazy now . sorry ! I be Joan . annie ( feel trap ) hi. joan be you do any better ? annie what ? joan with you mother ...? annie ( still confuse ) what ? ( and then ) no . that 's not ... my daughter be kill . 44 , joan oh. my God . I be so , so sorry . brief , heavy silence . Joan stammeringly offer : joan ( cont 'd ) would you like to come in with I ? or we can even just get a coffee . there 's a place down the street . annie I be sorry . really . thank you . ( gesture to leave ) I really do forget something . Joan bluntly offer : older woman my son die . annie oh ...! I be so sorry . Joan smile tightly , heartbroken . joan how old be yours ? Annie look like she 's be hold hostage . annie ( pain to say it ) fourteen . joan oh God , that 's awful ! ( matter of fact ) my son and my grandson drown . four month ago . the little one be seven . annie ( horrify ) oh my god. joan I have be come here for a month now and it have help . I just want to say . it have . it do not make it easier - obviously . but sometimes it just , make it less lonely . annie ( awkwardly ) okay ... 45 . joan and I be gonna embarrass myself now , but if you ever need someone to talk to ... Joan write she phone number onto a piece of paper . joan ( cont 'd ) ' Cause we all do . she hand Annie the phone number . joan ( cont 'd ) just if you need it . annie okay . thank you . really . Annie be move , despite she discomfort . Joan walk off , give Annie a warm little wave . 75 int . foyer - night 75 Annie lumber in . she pull off she snow boot . 76 int . live room - moment later 76 Steve be asleep in a armchair , bath in the dim glow of the mute tv . Annie appear in the doorway . annie hey . steve ( waking up ) oh! hey . annie steve ( cont 'd ) I be go to bed . where be you ? annie at the movie . I be go to bed . steve I 'il come with you . annie ( put off ) ..- okay . Annie leave the doorway . steve and can you please let I know when you be go to the movie ? I be worried . 46 . 77 int . annie & steve 's bedroom - night 77 Annie and Steve be in bed . Annie 's back be to Steve . neither be asleep . Steve gently snuggle up to Annie , but she be like stone . he self - consciously touch she hip . she recoil . Steve back off . there be a long moment of tension , and then Annie rise from bed . annie I be gonna be right back . she gather a blanket , which be bundle on the room 's armchair . steve you be not come right back . you be take the blanket . annie I can not sleep . steve Annie : it 's freezing outside . annie the heater 's up there . Steve want to fight this , but Annie be clearly anxious to avoid a conversation . steve .- okay . annie be that okay ? steve ( '' what be I suppose to say ? '' ) yeah . Fine . come back if you get cold . annie I just need to sleep . Annie leave . 78 int . treehouse - night 78 we push in on a ominous wide of Annie lie asleep in Charlie 's treehouse . two large heater have be set up on either side of she . they burn a bright orange . 79 80 81 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 47 . int . peter 's bedroom - same time 79 Peter lie in bed , awake . outside he window , Charlie 's treehouse emit a orange glow . a clicking SOUND ( like Charlie 's tongue - click ) be suddenly hear in the room . Peter freeze , now listen for it . after a moment , there 's another click . Peter bolt up in bed . his eye frenziedly scan the room . he fix on a dark corner . a hoodie sweatshirt hang on the wall , and for a brief moment , it look almost like a stand person . Peter continue listen intently for another click ... silence . it have stop . int . workshop - the next day 80 outside , a beautiful day . Inside , Annie be hard at work . her eye be intense - furious even - as she carefully work on the replica of Charlie 's bedroom . she scratch a tiny replica of the word -carving she see earlier ( " satony '' ) into the wall behind the bed . as she do this , she attention be draw to a loom post - it note , which read : call gallery about extend ? Annie disregard this . she go for a new bottle of paint , but as she reach , a open paint bottle be knocked over . annie shit . it tip over near Annie 's extend hand , but it do not look like Annie actually touch it . Annie grab paper towel and quickly mop up the mess . she pull a few drench item out of the widen paint puddle . among they : joan 's phone number . she look at it . int . high school hallway - day 81 Peter walk absent - mindedly down the hall . three stoner boy ( include Brendan ) be walk toward he , huddle and giggle . they notice Peter . brendan yo , Pete . peter hey . 82 48 . brendan ( whisper ) you wanna join we for a walk ? on '' walk , '' he mime pinching a joint with he thumb and forefinger . ext . high school soccer field - day 82 Peter sit under the bleacher with the three stoner . they pass around a pipe pack with weed . Brendan take a hit . brendan ( look at he phone ) be I the only one who 's Facebook friend with Becky ? Brendan pass the pipe to Peter . stoner # 2 you be friend with Becky ? Peter hold the pipe . stare at it . brendan stoner # 3 Facebook friend , bitch ! ( back to he point ) oh my God , she status ... oh my God , dude , I know . brendan every ten second ! Peter light the bowl and take a reluctant hit . brendan ( cont 'd ) '' I be go to the bathroom now . '' 5:45 . '' just get back from the bathroom ! '' 5:46 . Peter cough out a lungful of pot smoke . he immediately look regretful . stoner # 2 brendan ( cont 'd ) what about Brian with he . . girlfriend ? ha ! his '' princess '' ?! stoner # 2 nod he head , choke on laughter . Peter 's eye be wide with a burgeon panic . he do not look well . stoner # 2 ( 0.s. ) '' go to pick up my princess from the airport ! '' '' eat cous - cous with my princess ! '' Peter look like he 's start to have a attack . the stoner be oblivious . 49 . stoner # 3 who 's he girlfriend ? stoner # 2 some fuckin’ stupid college chick . stoner # 3 what the fuck ?! I want some stupid college princess chick . stoner # 2 notice that Peter be freaking out . stoner # 2 dude . be you okay ? peter I feel like I can not breathe . stoner # 2 what ? peter I feel like I be have a reaction . brendan peter ( cont 'd ) no , man , do not freak out . you just smoke too much . no , I think I need a doctor . my tongue be get bigger . Peter be cry now . stoner # 2 should we take you to the nurse ?? peter ( scared ) I dunno . brendan look , dude : you be breathe . see ? you be just really high . Peter be try to calm down . brendan ( cont 'd ) see ? you be okay . you just get too high . ( rub he back ) you be okay , dude . you be breathe . stoner # 2 and stoner # 3 exchange '' holy shit '' look . 83 ext . STREET - day 83 Annie walk down a urban street , look for a address . she pinch the paper with Joan 's number . on its other side be a address in Annie 's handwrite . 84 85 86 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 50 . Annie find the address . a large , red-brick apartment build . int . aparment build - third floor hallway - day 84 the elevator open , deposit Annie onto the third floor . Annie proceed down the well - light hall , arrive at apartment 316 . she knock . while wait , Annie look down . she 's stand on a hand - made welcome mat . the word '' joanie '' have be embroider into it . after a moment , the door be open by joan . joan Annie ! you come ! annie joan ( cont 'd ) it 's a little earlier than we . say . ah , you be perfect . come in . int . joan 's apartment - continuous 85 Annie follow Joan in . Joan close the door behind they . the apartment be cheerfully decorate in bright , homey color . Joan rush off to the kitchen , where a tea kettle be whistling . Annie stay by the door . annie you welcome mat ... joan oh - it 's cute , right ? Joan pull the kettle off the stove and pour two cup . annie my mother use to embroider one just like that . joan oh really ? how funny ! Joan set the tea on the kitchen table . joan ( cont 'd ) please . sit. minute later 86 Joan and Annie sit at the table , nursing they tea . the conversation have become very heavy , and the spotlight be currently on a very fragile Annie . she speak steadily , in fragment , as if to hold herself together . her eye be fix on the floor . 51 . annie he leave she in the back seat . go straight to bed . Joan nod sympathetically . her eye lock attentively on Annie . annie ( cont 'd ) and then I wake up . go to my workshop . need some supplies . I go down to the car . step inside . first the smell of something wrong . then the - body . slump . cover in black , blood , like tar ... ( fight tear ) and she head be not there , so I could not see she face . but they be she clothes . and she hand ... she fingernails ... Joan be pale as she listen . Annie be tremble , lock on the memory . Joan gently lay she hand over Annie 's . beat . joan when they drag up my son and grandson , they need I to identify the body . but they do not warn I what body look like after they have be in the ocean . you can probably imagine - they swell up , get distend , turn grey . I do not know that . my son 's eye be eat out of he head by fish . and my grandson 's face - like a balloon . Annie be look up at Joan now . they share in this . the grisly detail be somehow ( in they morbid way ) comforting . break the spell , Annie pull a pill from she purse . she downs it with a gulp of tea . she catch something on she tongue , and pull a black herb from she mouth . she pay it no mind . joan ( cont 'd ) I can sometimes swear I feel they in the room ... do you ever have that ? annie ..- small moment maybe . this hang for a moment . joan how 's you relationship with you son ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 52 . annie .-.- Peter ? Joan brighten : '' that 's he name ? '' Annie think about Joan 's question . annie ( cont 'd ) oh God ... her face darken and she chuckle . she brushes it off , but then pause . she decide to actually answer . annie ( cont 'd ) I sleepwalk . ( pause ) I have not in a long time , but two year ago I wake up - and I really do not remember this because I be asleep - but I wake up stand next to Peter and Charlie 's bed ( when they share a room ) , and they be completely cover in paint thin ... and so be i. from head to toe ... and I be stand there , and I be hold a box of match . and I wake myself up by strike one . which also wake up Peter . and he start scream . and I immediately put out the match , immediately , but my husband come in ... and I be just as shocked as he be , but I be the one with the match . Joan be listen with no judgment . Annie , frustrated by the memory , take a deep breath . annie ( cont 'd ) and it be impossible to convince they that it be just sleepwalk - which of course it be - but the timing be awful , Peter and I have already fall into this stupid quarrelling phase - argue forever about nothing - such frivolous thing - but that 's when the incident happen , so ...! ( throw she hand up ) over time , everyone affect casualness , '' move on . '' but they never forget and Peter 's always hold it against I and there 's nothing I can say and there 's nothing I can do because it happen . while I be asleep . joan do you daughter hold it against you ? 87 88 53 . annie oh , she be off in the cloud somewhere . probably do not even notice . beat . joan ( empathic ) it 's impossible be a mother . Annie look at Joan . '' yes it be . '' int . graham house - kitchen - moment later 87 Steve be chopping carrot at the kitchen island . Peter be hear entering in the foyer . steve hey , that be fast . do you bike all the way here ? peter ( voice crack ) my friend drop I . steve oh - you should have invite he in . but Peter 's already go for the stair . Steve try to catch up with he . steve ( cont 'd ) do you remember to sign up for that sat prep course ? Peter have make it to the top of stair . hiding he wringht face : peter steve ( cont 'd I will tomorrow . you need to , Peter ! that 's come up ! int . peter 's room - day 88 Peter lie in bed , on he side . he look ready to burst back into tear . Steve knock on the door . poke he head in . steve Peter ? Peter turn to he , stifling tear . steve ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 54 . peter ( deflect ) be you ? pause . steve be there anything we can talk about , Peter ? peter like what ? steve like anything . what 's go on ? what be you feel ? peter what be you feel ? steve I be worried about you . Peter stare at Steve , eye wide . unable to communicate . steve ( cont 'd ) ( careful ) it do not have to be with I , either . maybe you have like to talk with somebody else ... peter about what ? steve about everything . you be go through a lot , Peter . peter so be you ! steve well - we all be . I think we could all use someone to talk to . peter so why be not you , then ? steve I probably will . I probably need to . a long , fraught pause . steve ( cont 'd ) you do not have to choose now . I be just let you know that it 's there . ( more ) Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 55 . steve ( cont 'd ) you could even see one of the guy in my building . I know a few guy . peter ( warming up to it ? ) .».- and you think I need to go ? steve ( briefest pause ) well , that 's for you to say . I can not tell you you experience . Peter suddenly deflate . not the answer he need . he chill over . peter maybe later . steve ...- okay . let I know . peter okay . Steve nod for a long time . try to think of anything else . steve all right . dinner in a bit . Steve smile sensitively . too sensitive . he leave . 89 int . workshop - night 89 Annie be at work . behind she , the door open and Steve enter . he approach to see ... Annie be work on a new piece : a new miniature of the highway of Charlie 's accident , include the telephone pole that take she head . this also feature a tiny figurine of Charlie 's decapitate head and a figurine of Peter in the family car . steve oh Jesus ... be you plan on let he see that ? annie who ? steve ( strong pause ) how do you think Peter 's gonna feel about that ? annie what ? it 's not about he . Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 56 . steve oh no ? annie ... it 's a objective view of the accident ! Steve just eye she . annie ( cont 'd ) okay , so what be it , then ? steve annie ( cont 'd ) it 's cruel , Annie . and unforgive ... oh my God ! steve and useless . annie ( incredulous ) what do you think I be try to say with this ?! you think I have ever want to hurt my own son ?! be you crazy ?! Steve almost respond , but bite he tongue . annie ( cont 'd ) oh Jesus you be sanctimonious . I get it : you be a good father , you be a good husband - get off the stage . Steve boil . steve ( through clench tooth ) be you come to dinner ? annie I be make dinner ! steve ( snap ) I make dinner ! I be getting you for dinner ! ( storm away ) come down or stay here , I do not give a shit . on '' give '' , he slam the door behind he . 90 int . dine room - night 90 Annie , Steve and Peter sit at the dinner table . a fourth chair divide Annie and Peter . Annie be fume from she last interaction with Steve . beside she glass : a unswallow pill . 57 . peter this be really good , dad . Annie balk to herself . Peter tense . steve thanks buddy . Annie mouth the word '' buddy '' to herself , incredulous . Peter catch this . peter ( with a edge ) you okay , mom ? Annie turn to Peter . annie what ? peter be there something on you mind ? Annie can not believe this . annie be there something on you mind ? peter it just look like you might want to say something . steve ( step in ) Peter ... annie like what ? why would I want to say something ? so I can watch you can roll you eye at I ? peter annie ( cont 'd ) I have never roll my eye oh sweetie - you do not have at you . to . you get the point across . peter ( suddenly defiant ) okay . so say what you wanna say , then . steve Peter -- annie ( get angry ) I do not want _to say anything . I have try say thing . 58 . peter so try again . release yourself . annie release you , you mean ! peter so fine , so release I ! what do you wanna say ? fuckin 's say it ! Annie explode out of she seat . annie do not you swear at I - you little shit ! you do not ever raise you voice at I ! I be you mother , you understand ? I have give everything to you ! all I ever do be worry and slave and defend you , and all I get back be that fuck face on you face ! so full of disdain and resentment and always so annoyed . well , now you sister 's dead ! and I know you miss she and I know it be a '' accident '' and I know you be in pain - and I wish I could take it all away ! I wish I could shield you from the knowledge that you do what you do - but you sister be dead . she 's go forever . and what a waste . if it could have maybe bring we together - something ! - if you could have just say '' I be sorry '' or face up to what happen : maybe then we could do something with this ! but you can not take responsibility for anything , so now i_ca not accept . and I can not forgive . because nobody admit what they have do ! she sit down . a heavy silence . Peter be look away , fight tear . but then , after a long silence ... peter and what about you , mom ? ( long pause , then ) I do not want to take she ... and she do not want to go ... so why be she there ? Annie look at he . incredulous . she be boil with rage , but ... this have also hit she somewhere deep . she 's desperately avoid face this question since the accident . steve okay , we be stop this . 91 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 59 . he look at Annie , who look like she 's about to lose she mind . steve ( cont 'd ) we be stop this right now . Annie glower at he . adversarial . she finally relent . annie Fine . she tensely rise hesitates , but then hesitates , about to say something else . but then : annie ( cont 'd ) Fine . she leave . Steve turn to Peter : he 's do everything in he power to keep from explode into tear . Steve look powerless to help . int . annie and steve 's bedroom - minute later 91 Steve enter the bedroom , furious . Annie be sit on the bed , a hardness in she eye . steve what the hell be you do ? annie what be I do ?! steve try to stop and see what 's happen , Annie . for one second . try to see where this could go . it 's not the right choice . annie this be you choice , too ! you choose to not see how he be . how cold he be with I . how dimissive . steve annie ( cont 'd ) so we will deal with that ! we can go to family therapy 's whatever - but do not make it oh , family therapy ! right ! about Charlie ! annie ( cont 'd ) so what , then ? we just chalk it up to a act of God ? steve ( strongly ) yes. 60 . annie steve ( cont 'd ) he just leave she in the car ! , . go straight to bed ! not a you can not even imagine he be word ! in shock ? annie he leave we to be in shock , too ! steve there be no way around that . you need to stop this . if he have warn we , we still would have run out there to find she in the same way . annie ( ignore he ) and it be not a fuck bbq either . he lie to we , through he tooth . he take she to some sleazy high school house party ! steve . annie ( cont 'd ) you know it be not a bbq ! he just leave she head in the road and keep drive . he go to sleep ! steve goddamn it -- he be in shock . he 's still in shock . annie ( acidly ) he look pretty gather to I . steve annie ( cont 'd ) gather ?! you be hold yourself together awfully well , too ! steve Excuse I ? and what the hell do that mean ? ( no answer ) someone have to keep thing from unravel completely , Annie . annie ( explode ) it have unravel completely ! silence . Steve be freeze . annie ( cont 'd ) ... do not worry . I blame myself , too . steve that 's worthless . 92 61 . annie I be the one who make she go to the party . __. steve annie ( cont 'd ) oh , stop it ! no ! do not you dare ! he 's right ! I make Peter take she ! she begge I not to go ! steve I be happy she be go ! be around other kid instead of that fuckin’ treehouse for a change ! I would have push she if you have not ! annie but you do not push she . I do . steve ... we have no control over anything , Annie . the ceiling could collapse on we right now and who would we blame ? brief pause . annie you do not understand anything , do you ? int . peter 's bedroom - night 92 Peter boil in bed , stare out the window . a gentle knock at the door . it crack open and Steve stick he head in . steve goodnight , petey . Peter look at Steve . peter do you blame I , too ? steve goddamn it - Steve open the door all the way . steve ( cont 'd ) - of course not . no one blame you . Steve approach peter. 62 . steve ( cont 'd ) I do not for one second imagine that you be not go through the exact same thing we be . peter Mom do not think so . steve stop it with mom . she 's blame everyone . it 's part of grieve . she blame herself . Peter have start to cry . peter she be not drive the car . steve she could have . anyone could have . peter ( through helpless tear ) I do not even care about she ...! that 's how it happen ...! Steve be momentarily overwhelm . steve ( weakly ) you love you sister . peter ( boil with self - hatred ) i_should be dead . at least she could draw . she make thing . I do not do anything . steve yes you do . do not ever say that . peter ( bury he face in he pillow ) I be nothing . I do nothing . Steve , look helpless , rest he hand on Peter 's head . Peter weep . Steve be also cry now . peter ( cont 'd ) ( into he pillow ) I be sorry ! steve shhh ! I be sorry . 93 94 95 63 . int . annie & steve 's bedroom - same time 93 Annie lie on the bed , she back to we . we hear Peter 's weep , muffle through the wall . we then hear : annie ( barely audible ) I be sorry . Annie 's back begin to rise and fall in a fit of sob . fade to black int . workshop - day - day later 94 close - up of Annie 's face . lethargic . she 's lose a few pound since we last see she , and be wear a old T-shirt and pajama bottom . she stare at she unfinish miniature . her eye then drift to a Post - it note above she desk . it read '' keep working ! " int . art supply store - day 95 Annie push a cart down a aisle of miniature building material . she look farther down the aisle , and suddenly stop , have notice ... joan be push a cart toward Annie . she have not yet notice Annie . she wear a ecstatic smile as she giddily scan the chalk section . confused by Joan 's demeanor ( and she presence ) , Annie warily begin to push she cart toward she . annie Joan ? Joan look up to see Annie . joan oh my -- Annie ?! annie hi ...! Joan circle the cart to give Annie a big , warm , very sustained hug . annie ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? joan ( beam ) oh Annie . yes . I be really good . I be really really ... 64 . Annie nod , force a smile . she look concerned for Joan 's sanity . joan ( cont 'd ) something happen , Annie . I feel completely - turn around . annie what happen ? joan ( laugh ) I do not know if I should even say ! annie ( laugh now , too ) what do you mean ? joan you be gonna think I be crazy ! annie not at all ...! joan I ... oh god. I ... ( confidentially ..- meet a spiritual medium . Annie affect a patronize '' oh wow '' expression . joan ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) they be perform a open seance -- and I know : I know what you be think , but they ask I to attend . they be bring in skeptics and scientist so they would not be accuse of fraud . but I go , fully skeptical , and what I experience there be truly ... Joan try to think of a suitably ecstatic adjective . annie a '' open seance '' ? joan they bring back the spirit of a man from the 19th century ! and not like as a smoke and mirror thing . the man next to I be a deadly cynical neurologist , and he look permanently change by the end of it . Annie make another '' wow '' face . 96 65 . joan ( cont 'd ) and I do know what you be think , Annie - of course - but I approach the medium and I ask she about my son and grandson , and she come to my apartment and she end up perform a , uh - well - she ... conjure my grandson ! Annie , still force a smile , now look frighten . joan ( cont 'd ) I know what you be smile at . I would not believe it myself . I do not ! but I hear he voice , I feel he in the room . it 's real . Annie 's warpe smile be plaster appeasingly to she face . joan ( cont 'd ) what be you do right now ? annie I be just - here , shopping . joan you wanna come over ? Annie do not know what to say . joan ( cont 'd ) I really think you should . please . it would be everything if you come . int . joan 's apartment - day 96 the front door open and Joan enter , follow uneasily by Annie . Joan smile widely . joan hello ! this '' hello '' be seemingly direct at the room in general . Joan hustle to the kitchen . she take sweetgrass and smear it across the surface of the kitchen table . also on the table be a upturned drinking glass . joan ( cont 'd ) ( to Annie ) this be part of it . Annie be hover outside the kitchen . joan ( cont 'd ) come in . come in . 66 . Annie hesitantly enter . the window have be black out with duvateen . joan ( cont 'd ) okay : a few thing . first : you should not do this without a medium unless you be a medium . that 's what she tell I . annie okay . joan but I tell you : I have be experience this ... sensation a long time before the medium . I just do not know how to explain they ! so I try this last night . this be after the medium be here . annie what 's '' this '' ? joan sit down . Annie be skeptical . joan ( cont 'd ) trust I . Annie sit down . joan ( cont 'd ) I be turn off the light . joan turn off the light . joan ( cont 'd ) you okay ? annie .-- yes . Joan light a black candle . annie ( cont 'd ) ( force levity ) Nice mood setter . joan okay . put you hand on the glass , but do not add pressure . Annie lay she hand on the overturn glass . Joan do the same . 67 . joan ( cont 'd ) I will not add pressure , either . annie ( more to herself ) what be I do ? after a moment of silence , Joan speak to the room . joan louie ? beat . joan ( cont 'd ) louie , be you here ? it 's grandma . a cold draft cross the room . Annie get a tingle . but the window be shut , as be the door . joan ( cont 'd ) louie , if you be here with we , please just try to slide the glass . ( pause ) louie , if you be here -- the glass slide , barely . Annie jump , retract she hand . joan ( cont 'd ) ( tear of happiness ) hi louie ! annie ( eye wide ) how do you do that ? Annie look under the table . there 's nothing there . joan ( continue ) louie , I be gonna ask you some question - okay , sweetie ? if the answer 's yes , just slide the glass to the right . if it 's no , slide it this way -— ( demonstrate ) - to the leave . do you understand ? the glass slide again , slightly to the right . annie oh my God . joan louie , be you okay ? the glass slide right again . 68 . joan ( cont 'd ) be you in pain ? the glass slide to the leave . Annie be grip she chair . she stare unblinkingly at the glass . suddenly annie 's hair be brushed to the side , as if by a invisible hand . she jump . Joan calmly take Annie 's hand . joan ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . annie ( frighten ) what be ? Joan pull up a small chalkboard from below the table . it 's unmark . a tiny piece of chalk rest on the surface . joan louie , I bring you chalkboard . remember you chalkboard ? the glass budge slightly to the right . joan ( cont 'd ) can you write something ? a long moment of inactivity , and then ... the piece of chalk move ( as if by invisible finger ) to scrawl the word '' I lov yu granma '' in a young child 's handwrite ! joan ( cont 'd ) oh louie , I love you , sweetheart ! Joan be cry tear of joy . annie I be sorry , can we stop ? joan what ? annie I be sorry . please . joan ( to the room ) louie , we be gonna stop for a second , but I be come right back ! Joan jump up and turn on the light . Annie look rattle . 69 . joan ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? annie ( shake ) I be sorry , I be really ... joan I understand . that 's how I react at first . annie I think I need to go . joan annie ( cont 'd ) that 's okay . thank you . I be sorry . Annie rise . Joan blow out the candle , grab it , and shuffles to the kitchen to fetch a sheet of paper . it feature a Sanskrit prayer ( transcribe in carefully handwritten English ) . Joan return to Annie with the paper and the black candle . joan here : ( hand they to she ) if you wanna try this yourself , light the candle and choose one item that belong to you daughter - that 'il be you link to she . mine be the chalkboard . that 's my link . and then , when you be ready - ( seriously , be : the paper ) - read this out loud - every syllable - very carefully . annie ( overwhelm ) why ? what be it ? joan I do not know what language it be . the medium have I read it , too . it 's to make it start . but you whole family - everyone need to be in the room . you son . everyone . Annie uneasily accept the article and then turn to leave . as she walk toward the door : joan ( cont 'd ) you do not kill she , Annie . Annie turn sharply to Joan . 97 98 99 100 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 70 . annie what ? joan she be not go . annie I do not kill she ! Joan smile warmly . '' I know . '' annie ( cont 'd ) okay . thank you . Annie leave , tremble . int . car ( moving ) - evening 97 a discombobulate Annie drive back home . her eye be buzzing and she movement be jerky and ill-possess . she slow to a stop at a red light . as she sit wait for the light to change , Annie hear a clicking SOUND in the back seat . she go white . she slowly turn to look at the empty back seat . the click have cease . Annie 's eye be craze . ext . graham house - night 98 a wide shot of the house . bath in the pale moonlight , it almost look like one of Annie 's miniature . all the light be off , save for one window . int . annie & steve 's bedroom - same time 99 Steve be fast asleep . Annie 's side of the bed be empty . the door to the master bathroom be close , but a band of light be visible beneath the door . behind the door , Annie be hear whispering intensely - presumably on the phone . annie ( 0.s. ) can it be anything ?... like she clothes ? int . peter 's bedroom - night 100 close up on Peter 's profile . he 's asleep . off-screen , the door be hear creaking OPEN . after a moment , Annie lean into frame , hover over peter. 71 . annie ( whisper ) Peter . Peter do not stir . annie ( cont 'd ) sweetheart . Peter . wake up . Peter inhale sharply . he wake with a start . peter what ? annie it 's okay , honey , it 's I . Peter be still get orient . Annie look strangely hopeful . annie ( cont 'd ) I be so , so sorry for everything . please , please forgive I . I can not stand the thing I say . peter it 's okay . Annie bend over to envelop he in a hug . annie can you get up , sweetheart ? we be gonna try something . peter I be just have a nightmare . annie that 's okay , baby . we can do something . peter do what ? annie I have figure it out . 101 int . annie & steve 's bedroom - moment later 101 Annie stand over Steve , who 's asleep in bed . annie Steve . baby . she nudge he gently . annie ( cont 'd ) Steve . wake up . 102 103 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 72. Steve jolt awake . steve what 's go on ? annie come downstairs with we . we be gonna do something together . Steve look to the door . Peter be stand nervously in the unlit hallway . int . stairway - moment later 102 Annie walk down the hall . Steve and Peter follow warily behind . peter ( whisper ) dad ? steve ( whisper ) it 's okay . Annie lead they to the unlit dine room ... int . dine room - continuous 103 the oval dining table have be set with a upturn drinking glass . beside it be charlie 's drawing pad and one of Charlie 's hoodies . the black candle that Joan give Annie be dimly illuminate the table . the window be open , and it be cold . Peter hug himself ; Steve rub he arm . steve it 's freezing . Steve go for the window . annie no : do not change anything . I do not want to mess it up . Annie sit down . there be a chair on either side of she . annie ( cont 'd ) everyone sit . they do not . annie ( cont 'd ) my friend Joan teach I how to do this . steve what friend Joan ? and what 's '' this '' ? 73 . annie please sit . we need we palm on the table and we finger to touch . steve annie ( cont 'd ) what be we do , Annie ? please . you will see . Steve just look at she . annie ( cont 'd ) please just trust I . Steve do not budge . annie ( cont 'd ) Fine ! Annie stand up , drag the table halfway towards Steve and Peter , and grab they hand . annie ( cont 'd ) we can do it here , then . she squeezy they hand . annie ( cont 'd ) I need you both to concentrate . peter on what ? annie pause ) think about Charlie if you can . steve ( stern ) Annie ! Steve pull he hand away from Annie . annie ( urgent ) sweetheart , please . please . I try this twenty minute ago and it work . I would not be bring you down here if it do not . steve what work ? annie ( pause ) I wanna just show you . steve show we what ?! 74 . annie ( frustrated ) fuck ! I be a - medium ! before Steve can protest : annie ( cont 'd ) I be see apparition earlier . I just shook they off , but I should not have . ( grip he hand ) please : I know how it sound . there 's no way to talk about it , I need to just show you . okay ? please . you will see . I be completely lucid . Steve just stare at she . she look pleadingly at he . steve annie ( cont 'd ) ( to Peter ) you_can go to bed , Peter . in 1l stay . what ? no . what be you do ? ( to Peter ) Peter : please . this need all of we energy . we need to do this as a family . together . peter ( to Steve ) it 's okay , dad . I will stay . annie ( to Steve ) please Steve . I need you to be open . both of you . I promise . she hold out she hand , plead for Steve 's . he reluctantly oblige . again , she squeezy both of they hand . annie ( cont 'd ) okay , good . so I already read that earlier ... Annie nod to the prayer sheet that Joan give she . annie ( cont 'd ) I do not think I need to read it again . Steve squint as he look it over . steve annie ( cont 'd ) what language be that ? ( back to business ) okay : try to concentrate . Annie now address the room . 75 . annie ( cont 'd ) Charlie ?... Charlie , be you here ? Steve look ready to put a immediate stop to this , but he see Annie 's total determination . he hold off . in the other room , a door be hear creaking . Peter look in that direction . annie ( cont 'd ) Charlie ? it 's mommy . and daddy . and Peter . silence . Peter and Steve be very uneasy . annie ( cont 'd ) Charlie , if you be in this room with we -- I be go to have we all touch this glass . Annie have pulled Steve and Peter to the table . she rest she palm on top of the glass . she take Steve 's hand and Peter 's hand . she lay they on top of hers . annie ( cont 'd ) ( to Steve and Peter ) do not add pressure . ( to the room ) now if you be here , Charlie , I just want you to move the glass for we . even if it 's just a tiny little bit . steve annie ( cont 'd ) ( need to interject ) ( ignore Steve ) Annie . even if it 's just the tiniest little movement , Charlie ! a long stretch of nothing . Annie 's determination have not wane . Peter suddenly tense up . peter ( to Steve ) what the hell ? steve what 's wrong ? Max bark in the other room . peter you do not feel that ? steve what ?? peter like a - flex . in the air . 76 . the drinking glass suddenly move . Peter and Steve retract they hand . steve annie what the hell ? wow ! yes ! thank you , Charlie ! that be so good ! the color have drain from Peter 's face . annie ( cont 'd ) now Charlie , what I have like for you to do be I have like for youto ... Annie open the drawing pad . she flip it to a blank page , and lay a small piece of pencil lead on top . annie ( cont 'd ) .-.- show they what you be do earlier . pause . annie ( cont 'd ) ( to the room ) can you show they what you just do for I ? peter Mom . intensely focus , Annie point to the pad . annie look : she 's gonna do it . Peter look to the pad , terrify . Steve sees Peter 's fear . Steve shut the draw pad . steve that 's enough . annie what ? no ! Annie grab the pad and flip to a page near the back . it be a simple drawing - in Charlie 's style - of a car . she hold it up for Steve . annie ( cont 'd ) when I do this earlier , this materialize on the page ! I see this draw itself ! I see it ! peter Mom , what be this ? 77 . annie it 's charlie ! steve annie - — cut Steve off , Annie continue address the room . annie do you finish , Charlie ?! do you want to draw more ? she return the draw pad ( now open to the car draw ) to the center of the table . annie ( cont 'd ) you can keep go if you be not finish ! Annie grab Steve 's and Peter 's hand , and press they against the table again . she push she hand on top of theirs . annie ( cont 'd ) we need to keep we finger touch . we need to give good energy . Steve pull he hand away . Peter do , too . Annie seize Peter 's wrist . steve annie ( cont 'd ) this be scaring he , Annie ! no it 's not ! annie ( cont 'd ) ( to Peter ) do not be scared , Peter . this be you sister . ( to the room ) Charlie ? be you finish with the draw ? silence . suddenly a intense gust of AIR sweep the room ( from the open window ? ) and the door slam shut . Max be now barking like crazy in the other room . peter Mom ? ! ( very scared ) lom ? ! annie ( to the room ) Charlie ? what 's wrong ? the air seem to be suck out of the room for a moment . the family be suspend in frighten anticipation . and then -- 78 . the candleas flame belches , as if fuel ( for a instant ) by propane . everyone gasp ! the flame be immediately extinguish . silence now - save for Max , still bark in the other room . we be leave for a moment in darkness , and then ... the candle 's wick quietly re-ignites on its own . the flame now burn normally . Peter and Steve stare open-mouthed at this . Steve look under the table . nothing be there . he warily lift the candle to see if there 's anything attach to the bottom . there be not . before Steve can react -- a faint groaning SOUND be ushere . Peter and Steve , freeze for a moment , look nervously to the source . it 's come from ... annie . her head be down . she 's moan , as if try to vomit . she 's in some sort of trance . finally , she let outa long , pained groan . guttural and almost inhuman-sounding . it drag out longer than want . and then ... Annie stop . her eye be wide . like a child 's . she then say : annie ( cont 'd ) hello ? but she voice sound different . it will now remind we - in inflection , in quality - of charlie 's voice . peter ( horrify ) Mom ? annie ( like Charlie ) Mom ? Annie look around , as if look for '' Mom . '' she look very scared now ( but she 's still squeezing Peter 's wrist ) . annie ( cont 'd ) ( like Charlie ) Mom ?! peter annie ( cont 'd ) ( to Steve ) ( like Charlie ) I do not like this . what 's happen ?! peter ( to Steve ) dad ! I do not like this ! steve ( also afraid ) Annie ... 79 . annie ( like Charlie ) what 's go on ?! Annie be still look around , as if she can not see . asif she 's blind . peter ( cry ) mommy ? ! Annie be cry now , too . annie ( like Charlie ) Mom ? ? mortify , Peter tug on Steve 's arm . peter steve please , dad ! ( helpless ) annie ! stop it ! annie ( like Charlie ) what 's happen ?! why be everyone scared ?! terrify silence . annie ( cont 'd ) ( like Charlie ) why be you scaring I ?! more terrify silence . annie ( cont 'd ) ( like Charlie ) dad ! Peter ! I be scared ! where 's mom ? ! peter can not take anymore ' y! dad ! Steve run to turn on the light . Annie be still possess , look blindly about the room . Steve run out of the room to go to the kitchen . we stay with Annie and Peter . annie peter ( cont 'd ) ( like Charlie ) Peter , what 's go on ? where 's mom ? stop it ! annie ( like a scared animal ) why be you try to scare I ?! 104 80 . Steve re-enter the room , hold a glass of water . he toss it in Annie 's face . she gasp - rouse from she trance . annie ( cont 'd ) what the hell ! what be you do ?! Annie be freeze . she take in she drench body . Max have stop bark in the other room . annie ( cont 'd ) what just happen ? Peter and Steve be traumatize . ext . house - night 104 Steve have pull Annie outside . he 's very aggressive . Annie have wipe the water off she face with a towel . in the b.g. , Peter watch from a window . steve annie what the fuck do you just do ? I do not do anything ! steve I swear to God , Annie -- annie you be there . you see what happen . that be not I . a fraught beat . Steve stare dagger . steve what be that , Annie ? annie we communicate with Charlie . . steve annie ( cont 'd ) ( meaning it ) stop it . you see that we do ! steve do you happen to see you son in there ? do you even notice that he 's absolutely terrify ?! annie be you sure you be not terrify ? steve I be terrify ! I be fuckin’ scared of you . ( definitively ) tomorrow . we be go to see Dr. stetson . Annie 's eye go cold with recognition . 81 . annie I do not wanna see Dr. stetson . steve well , I do not wanna be conduct seances in my fuck dining room ! Steve storm inside . Annie follow he . she boil . annie goddamn it ! denial can be a crazy thing , too , Steve ! to be so rigid ! but Steve keep walk off . annie ( cont 'd ) hey ! Steve pause , also boil . annie ( cont 'd ) what happen when I black out ? do something happen ? Steve just look at she . 105 int . annie and steve 's bedroom - night 105 the moonlight be a icy blue . Annie and Steve be in bed . Steve be asleep with he back to Annie . Annie be too anxious to sleep . she turn she face into she pillow , only to notice two ant crawl on the pillowcase . she look down to see three more ant on the bed . she then pull one ant off of she shoulder . Annie sit up . she look down to see a trail of ant on the floor , lead into the hallway . the trail be come from the window . Annie get out of bed and check the window . it 's lock . but the trail seem to be coming in through a small gap in the corner of the sill . Annie follow the trail of black ant out of the room and into the hallway ... 106 int . hallway - continuous 106 the trail of ant be lead clearly to peter 's bedroom . his door be open . ( there be the faint sound of Max 's bark , as if hear from a great distance . ) 107 int . peter 's bedroom - continuous 107 Annie enter Peter 's bedroom . the queue of ant continue toward Peter 's bed . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 82 . they crawl up the bed post and onto the mattress , continue up Peter 's leg and across he body - all the way up to he neck . Annie draw closer . as she approach , it become horribly apparent ... the black ant have completely enveloped peter 's head and face . peter ( v.o. ) Mom ! what be you do ?! close - up of annie 's face . her expression go from horrify to confuse . she look up , unnerve , and take in she surroundings . we cut wide to reveal : Annie be stand in Peter 's dark room , but Peter be now sit up in bed . there be no ant . it be all a dream ? annie what 's go on ? peter you be sleepwalk . there be no audible room tone and the dialogue be strangely crisp , as though be speak in a dreamy vacuum . the only other sound be Max 's distant barking . Annie look extremely confuse and afraid . annie I be sorry ... Annie look around . annie ( cont 'd ) be Charlie here ? peter why be you scared of I ? annie ( look at he now ) what ? Annie 's expression plead '' how could you ask I that ? '' but Peter just stare back at she . Annie 's attitude suddenly turn - from defensive to confessional . she admit : annie ( cont 'd ) I never want to be you mother . Annie cover she mouth , as if in shock at she own word . she look to Peter like a child who just accidentally break something . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 83 . peter ( emotional ) why not ? annie ( still cover mouth ) I be scared . I do not feel like a mother . but she pressured I . peter then why do you have I ? annie it 's not my fault ...! I try to stop it . peter how ? annie ( barely able to say it ) ... I try to have a miscarriage . Peter start tear up . peter how ? annie ( also tear up ) however I could ...! I do everything they tell I not to . but it do not work . I be happy it do not work ! Max 's muffle bark have become faintly more distinct . Peter be cry hard now . peter you try to kill I ? Annie , also cry , shake she head . annie I love you . we cut back to Peter , but he hair and face be now inexplicably drenched in liquid ( presumably paint thin ) . peter why do you try to kill I ? we cut back to Annie , revealing that she 's now drench in paint thin , too . annie I do not . I be try to save you . 108 109 110 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 84 . a off -screen FIRE ignite , illuminate Annie 's face in hellish orange . max's off -screen barking have now become very loud , very present . it reach a almost unbearable pitch before we CUT to : int . annie & steve 's bedroom - night 108 annie wake up with a start . it be all a dream . Max be bark wildly in the hallway . a fly land on Annie 's face . brush it away , she notice that Steve 's side of the bed be empty . his pillow be also gone . int . peter 's bedroom - same time 109 Max 's bark persist in the b.g. the light be on . Peter , dress in he pajamas , sit traumatize on the edge of he bed . the composition of this shot ( wide , high - angle ) be matched eerily on the CUT to : int . classroom - next day 110 Peter sit tensely in the back corner of he classroom . the teacher stand at the blackboard , lead the class through a algebra lesson . Peter 's mind be a storm . he 's bring fiercely into the present , however , when a strange , barely perceptible glint of light ( we have see this before ) flash across the room . the light end at the window next to Peter . Peter look around . nobody else notice it . Peter blink a few time , concerned that he might be see thing . he turn back to the window to see ... Peter 's reflection be stare pointedly back at he . the color drain from Peter 's face . he look weakly back at he own reflection , whose eye harden bitterly against he . overwhelm , Peter abruptly stand up , distracting the teacher . teacher yes , Peter ? peter ( confuse ) I - have to go to the bathroom . 112 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 85 . aware of Peter 's recent trauma , the teacher be careful to be extra-sensitive . teacher that 's fine . just take the pass . Peter leave , tear in he eye . int . steve 's office - day 111 Steve sit stiffly at the computer in he office . he have type into he search engine '' paranormal evidence , voice channele , '' but he pause and then delete this . he instead write '' symptomatology and management of grief hallucination . '' he press send . Steve look over the result , and then click on a separate tab . it 's a half - compose email to a fellow psychiatrist . the email read ... hi Bob , I hesitate to write , but I be worried that Annie might be on the verge of ( or in the middle of ) he 's stick on how to continue . Steve 's cell phone ring . it 's a unknown number . he hesitates before answer it . steve hello ? there 's a strange wave of static and then ... peter ( v.o. ) ( almost whisper ) dad ? steve Peter ? we can hear that Peter be cry , near hysteria . peter ( v.o. ) something 's at the school . ; steve peter ( v.0 . ) what be ? it follow I here ! int . annie 's workshop - same time 112 the cordless phone be ringing . two fly crawl across it . Annie , still wear she nightgown , nervously work on a funeral home model . the ringing stop , but then start again . Annie now turn to answer the phone . 86 . annie hello ? Steve be on the other end . we can hear that he be drive . steve ( v.o. ) ( furious ) can you guess who just call I from school in complete hysterics ? Annie go pale . annie ( gravely ) Charlie ? steve ( v.o. ) ... what ? annie I -- nothing . what happen ? steve ( v.o. ) Peter just call I , Annie . terrify . crying in the hall . he 's convinced he 's be threaten by some vengeful spirit . annie why do he think he 's be threaten ? steve ( v.o. ) ( no patience ) listen to I , Annie : I have a son to protect . annie what do that mean ? steve ( v.o . ) it mean that 's what I be worried about right now . that 's how I be proceeding . annie do not talk to I like this . he 's my son , too . click . he 's hang up . infuriate , Annie call Steve back . he answer . annie ( cont 'd ) do not hang up on I again . I be not sleepwalk anymore , you understand ? she hang up . 113 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 87. Annie return to the miniature funeral home . she carefully ( but tensely ) press a freshly glued piece of balsa wood against the beautifully render wall . she hold it in place . the phone ring . Annie do not care . it ring until the answering machine get it . after the outgo message , the machine beeps and a woman leave a message . woman ( v.o. ) hi Annie ! it 's Margaret at the Asher Gallery . I be just call to see how thing be with you and you family - I hope everything 's okay — and also , just wonder , uh , how the progress be go . not that you need remind - haha - but we be a little less than nine week away , so it would just be nice to get the vaguest sense of where we be . so yeah , call I back whenever , and again , I really hope everything 's okay and we thought be all very much with you family , so - okay . thanks so much . click . beep . Annie have grow extremely tense over the course of that message . still apply pressure to the glue - on piece , she push a little too hard , and she thumb break through the miniature 's wall . Annie freeze for a moment , shocked . then , overcome by sheer frustration , she raise she fist and smashes it down into the funeral home 's floor , snapping it . taken by a surge of destructive rage , she sweep the miniature off the table and rise to stomp she foot through its roof . destroy it . without miss a beat , she grab a hammer and proceed to smash apart the rest of she miniature . it 's a woeful , devastating fit . by the time Annie get a grip on herself , it 's too late . all of the piece have be destroy . all except for one ... the miniature of the graham house . Annie drop the hammer . int . foyer - moment later 113 Steve and Peter enter through the front door . a bad smell immediately hit they . steve whoa . Jesus . they proceed up the stair . Steve swipe away a fly . 114 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 88. steve ( cont 'd ) do something die in here ? int . hallway - continuous 114 Peter go to he room , close the door behind he . Steve walk up to the workshop 's door . he open it without knock . steve ( enter ) Annie , what be that smell -- but he freeze when he see the state of the demolish room . Annie sit in she chair , completely surround by smashed and splinter wood . steve ( cont 'd ) ( stunne ) ... what happen ? he look at Annie and almost immediately understand . she do this . his heart break . annie I do not wanna look at it anymore . Steve stare at she for a very long time . he then grab the phone and storm into the hallway , dial a number . annie ( cont 'd ) ( rise ) hey ! who be you call ?! int . hallway - later through the upstairs hallway window , a car pull up to park behind Steve 's car . a pleasant , well scrubbed man ( 5as ) emerge to walk toward the house . this be dr . stetson . there be a knock at the door . it be hear open . dr . stetson ( 0.s. ) hi Steve . steve ( 0.s. ) thanks for come , Bob . yeah : forgive the smell . I think something die in the wall . Annie be stand in the upstairs hallway , listen . steve ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) she 's upstairs right now . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 89 . Annie take this as she cue . she walk defiantly down the stair . she arrive at the bottom , in the foyer . Dr. stetson acknowledge she with a big smile . dr . stetson ( warmly ) hi Annie . annie Dr. stetson . dr . stetson can we all sit somewhere and talk ? annie ( disdainful ) yeah , let 's make ourselves at home . Annie sit in a chair in the corner . Dr. stetson take a chair and bring it nearer . stetson sit across from Annie , without crowd she . ( a couple fly will be buzzing around throughout . ) dr . stetson how 's it go ? annie not amazing . dr . stetson can you talk about why ? annie ( blunt ) uh - because my daughter be kill and now my psychiatrist husband be call over he peer to investigate I . Steve glower . dr . stetson nobody 's investigate you , Annie . Annie just stare at he . dr . stetson ( cont ’d ) can I ask how you be ? annie I be fine . I be lucid . I be in mourn and I be try to cope , and he 's suppose to be my partner , so forgive I if I be not bounce off the wall to see you . 90 . dr . stetson nobody 's try to do anything against you right now , Annie . I promise you . annie then stop patronize I please . stetson take a long pause . he level with she : dr . stetson what 's all this about ghost ? and seances ? annie ( direct ) I think I feel a presence . I be hopeful , as you can imagine . it be fleeting , and now I be back to grieve . dr . stetson okay ... all right . ( move on ) and why do you destroy you work ? annie ( turn back to stetson ) because it 's my work . Annie 's eye be stone . brief pause . later dr . stetson ( relenting ) Fair enough . so I be gonna ask you some annoying question now , Annie . ( make sure to not patronize ) I can see that you be lucid . this be just simply what I have to do . okay ? ( first question ) what day be it ? annie Tuesday . dr . stetson when in the month ? 115 through the foyer window , we see Steve and Dr. stetson outside . this be from Annie 's Pov . Dr. stetson seem to be explain something to Steve . Steve nod , frustrated . 116 91 . we see Dr. stetson say '' I be sorry , I can not '' and then he walk off to he car . Steve sulk back toward the house . Steve enter . he look at Annie . annie what be you hope ? that I would tell you psychiatrist friend that we bring back we dead daughter ? you think I do not know how that sound ? Steve nod , numb . he walk past she , toward the stair . Annie pause before follow he up . int . annie 's workshop - moment later 116 Steve have enter the workshop . he walk heavily around the ruin . Annie step in . watch he . steve you work so hard for this show . annie Jesus Christ - fuck the show . you be ignore this ! steve I be not ignore anything - believe I . Long pause . steve ( tensely , measuredly ) I will not indulge this behavior anymore . steve I will not . I can not allow it . annie ( cont 'd ) you ignore everything ! if you can not find it in one of you book ! annie ( cont 'd ) '' indulge '' ? annie ( cont 'd '' allow '' now ! Jesus ! listen to how you be just cling ! ( point ) you be the one who 's gonna go crazy , Steve . if you keep just deny what 's in front of you . Steve stare at she , overwhelm . he look down to notice at he foot : the figurine of Annie 's mother , hold out she breast . Steve let out a defeat sigh . steve ( tear building ) you know , Annie ... ( more ) * * Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 92 . steve ( cont 'd ) you can still build a shrine to the terrible stuff . do not mean you have to destroy anything good . annie well , it 's not anything good . it 's nothing . it mean nothing . this -— ( kick a piece of wood ) - be what I care about . steve except for that one . Steve be point out the pristine Graham House replica . he look it over . something make he chuckle bitterly to himself . steve ( cont 'd ) Nice touch . Annie look at Steve , not understanding . she walk over to the miniature . she see that something have be add to Peter 's bedroom . a headless figurine ( now wear Peter 's clothes ) be lie in Peter 's bed . the color drain from Annie 's face . steve ( cont 'd ) I be wonder when Peter would get switch with Charlie . Annie be cover she mouth with she hand . she be have a horrible revelation . her eye then scan up to notice something else ... the figurine of annie ( on she knee , face in she hand ) be now in the attic replica . the figurine be dress in a nightgown ( the same one that Annie be wear now ) , except its front be cover in blood . defeat , Steve leave the room . annie where be you go ? steve ( bitterly ) I do not sleep at all last night . if you can believe it . int . live room - minute later 117 rattled and extremely tense , Steve sit at the couch , which be dress with a blanket and pillow . he uncap a prescription bottle ( sleep pill ) . 118 119 120 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 93. steve ( mumble ) always you - right Steve ? you hold it all together . he draw out two pill and knock they back . he then hesitates before pull out one more . he downs it . int . workshop - later that night 118 through the open door of the workshop ( whose light be now off ) , Peter be see turning off the light in he bedroom . he look out into the hall , paranoid , and then shut the door . several fly adorn the hallway wall . this be see from annie 's Pov . she 's sit in the dark , among the wreckage of she work . she 's still in shock over the inexplicable addition to the Graham replica . suddenly she hear the faint sound of a pencil vigorously scratching paper . it 's come from down the hall . she hesitates before rise and enter the hallway ... more and more fly have collect . they seem especially prominent around the attic door on the ceiling . noting this , Annie continue to follow the sound of draw to arrive at ... int . charlie 's bedroom - continuous 119 the door be open . the light be off . the sound of pencil feverishly scratching paper be hear , although the room be completely empty . Annie stand at the door . she hesitates before turn on the light . charlie 's drawing pad rest on Charlie 's bed . it 's open to a mostly blank page , but a drawing be materializing on it . it be then flipped ( as if by wind ) to the next page , where anew draw begin . we can not yet see the content of the drawing . Annie approach the draw pad to investigate . her eye , already buzzing with fear , now widen with horror . int . peter 's bedroom - night 120 the door be close and the light be off . Peter be inbe , try to sleep . silence , save for a buzzing fly . then ... a clicking of the tongue . Peter 's eye OPEN . he slowly look up , scan past the bed , to see ... charlie be stand in the dark corner of the room ( where Peter mistake he hoodie for a person ) . Charlie stare at Peter with unblink eye . it 's almost too dark to make she out . another click . 121 122 123 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 94 . peter Charlie ? a long silence . Charlie slowly open she mouth , but then she head droops forward and roll off she shoulder . it tumble to the floor and roll toward Peter , but when it roll intoa block of moonlight ( cast from the window ) , it 's reveal to be a nerf basketball . Peter glare at the ball . a quiet growling be hear from the door . Peter look up . the door be now OPEN and Max stand in the doorway . he seem to be disturb by Peter - or rather , by something stand behind peter. peter ( cont 'd ) ( terrify ) what be it , Max ? suddenly two hand materialize from behind Peter 's head . they grab he face , grasp under he chin . they tug back on he head , as if try to yank it off . Peter scream . Max run in to attack , but the door slam in he face . int . hallway - continuous 121 Max paw aggressively at the door , bark wildly . suddenly , Max 's hind legs be lift , as if by invisible hand , and tugged back by a great , vacuume force . he be sucked across the hall and down the stair . we follow the mortify dog as it 's pull all the way down to the foyer . the front door be OPEN and Max be deposit violently out of the house . the door slam shut . int . live room - same time 122 Steve be fast asleep on the couch . annie ( 0.s. ) Peter ! Peter ! int . peter 's bedroom - same time 123 Peter have just be release by the phantom hand . he 's frantic . annie be now stand in the room . annie what 's wrong , baby ?! what happen ?! peter what be you do ?! 124 95 . annie what do you mean ?! peter you be pull on my head ! annie what ?! Peter look terrify of she . annie ( cont 'd ) no I be not ! I just come in ! you be scream ! Peter be cry . annie ( cont 'd ) what happen ? peter I see Charlie in the corner and then you start pull on my head . annie Peter ! I would never do that to you ! be you crazy ? I would never hurt you . how could you even think that ? Peter just stare at she through frighten tear . annie ( cont 'd ) -..- you see Charlie in what corner ? Peter can not answer . he 's horrify . annie ( cont 'd ) listen to I , Peter . I do not know what 's happen or what you just see , but I be stop this . do not tell dad what you just say to I . please . it 's not true . something 's go on , and I be the only one who can stop this . do you understand ? I be the only one who can fix it . Peter stare unblinkingly at she . int . charlie 's bedroom - same time 124 Charlie 's drawing pad be open . we track slowly in , revealing the content of two of the drawing ... both be crude , violently draw sketches of peter 's face , but the eye be replace with X 's . the face be frame by furiously sketch triangles . 125 126 127 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 96 . a breeze blow in from the window , flipping to the next page -— more of the same - and then the next page - still more of the same - and then the next page , etc ... Annie 's hand enter to seize the draw pad . she leave the room . Max 's bark persist in the b.g. int . live room - night 125 Annie have start a FIRE in the fireplace . ( in theb.g. , Steve be still asleep on the couch . ) Annie clutches Charlie 's draw pad , gaze into the fire . she inhale deeply , hold she breath , and then throws the pad in . at first it resist the flame , but then , the edge of one sheet begin to burn . Annie watch this , eye glue to the fire . but the shoulder of she shirt have sproute the tiny beginning of a flame . it be the same size as the burgeon flame at the draw pad 's edge . Annie do not even notice . the flame spread slowly along the draw pad 's edge . as this happen , the flame on Annie 's shoulder spread along her arm . Annie notice this and panic . she desperately try to stamp out the fire , but it 's no use . the fireplace - fire start to consume the edge of the draw pad . simultaneously , annie 's arm be engulfed for a moment in flame . the fire on she arm be mimick the fire that 's eat the book . Annie scream , pull the draw pad out of the fire , and stamp out the flame . as she stamp it out , the fire on she arm be duly extinguished . Annie understand now . she 's tie to the book . ext . graham house - night 126 the moon hang large over the house . we then slam CUT to morning . the moon have be replace by a shrill SUN . int . hallway - morning 127 Peter step out of he bedroom , backpack sling over he shoulder . he clearly do not sleep last night and he eye be buzzing with anxiety . he look down the hall at the workshop 's door , which be open by the faintest crack . he hesitates and walk off . behind the workshop door : annie stare through the crack , make sure that Peter leave . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 97 . 128 int . joan 's apartment build - third floor - moment latiedr Annie , look frighteningly determine , emerge from the elevator of joan 's build . she 's still wear she nightgown under a coat . she rush to joan 's door and knock . no answer . Annie knock again , more urgently . 129 int . joan 's apartment - continuous 129 nobody 's home . we be pull back from the door ( as Annie 's knock persist ) to reveal the apartment ... it look mostly the same , but it 's now adorn in cloth and drape that feature various symbol . one of this be a ornate sigil ( which we recognize as the one on Annie 's necklace ) . this be the sigil of paimon , and it can now be find all over the room . the table at which Annie and Joan perform the seance ( which be then cover in a table - cloth ) be now bare , revealing that the tabletop have a large triangle carve into it ( point to the northwest ) . resting in the middle of the triangle be a photo of peter . beside this be a athame ( ritual dagger ) , a scatter of herb , and finally ... a primitive diorama ( the same that we see earlier on Charlie 's desk , but now finish ) . stand center stage be a crude manikin of a human torso whose head be a actual severe raven head . atop the head be a aluminum - foil crown . Three other sculpture bow on there knee to the raven-head figure . they head be the severe pigeon head ( now decompose ) , a severe rat head and a severe squirrel head . Annie 's knock continue . 130 int . hallway - continuous 130 Annie cease knock . she look down to notice that she 's stand on ... the welcome mat . '' joanie . '' Annie 's mind start racing . she think for a moment and then - it hit she ! Annie race back to the elevator . a school bell ring , bridge we CUT to : 131 ext . high school - day 131 lunch time . it 's overcast , dark and windy . student mill about in flap clothes . just beyond the high school fence be a road with heavy traffic . peter be seat at a empty table near the fence , eat ( or rather , not eat ) the cafeteria food . 132 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 98 . the traffic noise be loud and impose . Peter listen to it , lose himself in the white noise . but there 's something loom underneath the traffic noise ... it 's like a distant yelling , but too distant to make out . slowly it become clearer , more distinct . it 's a woman 's voice and it 's yell '' Peter . '' Peter look up . where be it come from ? woman' voice ( still vague ) ... I expel you ...! Peter look around . soon he eye settle on something ... across the road , on a far sidewalk , joan be stand . she look rave mad . she 's stare directly at Peter and she 's scream like a lunatic . joan satony , degony , eparigon ! terrify , Peter rise from he seat . he look around to see if anyone else be notice this . nobody be . joan ( cont 'd ) peter ! Peter look back at she . they meet eye . joan ( cont 'd ) get out , peter ! Peter break the gaze . he look around , appeal to any / all of the circulate kid . it 's clear that none of they see or hear this . how be that possible ? joan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) peter !!! int . annie 's workshop - day 132 Annie run in from the hallway . she rush to the box mark '' Mom 's thing . '' she open the first box and find a hand - embroidered welcome mat . it 's the exact same style as Joan 's . embroider into it be the name '' annie '' . under that be another mat , bear the name '' charle '' and feature the now - familiar sigil of paimon . Annie go to the next box . she dig through a collection of herb and oil , and beneath that , she find a familiar hardback : note on spiritualism . below this , a couple other hardback : one that appear to be a grimoire ( book of spell ) and the other title invocation . Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 99 . invocation 's cover feature a esoteric sigil . Annie open the book to find that it 's fill with vivid etching of demonic possession ritual . Annie go to a marked page . it feature a illustration ofa beastly man with a hulk body and a strangely effeminate face . he ride a dromedary and wear a crown . tied to he hip be a collection of severe head . behind he be a queue of frolick ghoul , all headless and all play instrument . a title read '' King paimon ( God of mischief ) . " Annie find a highlighted paragraph : " when successfully invoke , paimon will possess the most vulnerable host . only when the ritual be complete will paimon be lock into he ordain host . once lock in , a new ritual be require to unlock the possession . " a sentence underline in pencil read : " paimon be male , thus covetous of a male human body . " the next page feature a etching of a man sit atopa mountain of treasure . a caption read : '' the rich to the conjurer . " Annie come to the title page of the book . there isa handwritten note . it read : my darling , dear , beautiful Annie , forgive I all the thing I could not tell you , as TI truly could not . please do not hate I and try not to despair you loss . you will see in the end that they be worth it . we sacrifice will pale next to the reward . Love , mommy mortify , Annie throw the book into the box , and dig deeper to find two photo album , familiarly title '' memories . '' Annie flip through one of the album . for a while , nothing of note . but then she find something ... a photo of annie 's mother , 20 year young , stand with joan , also 20 year young . they both wear replica of Annie 's necklace - the one bear the now - familiar sigil of paimon . stun , Annie continue through the photo album . she find several more photo featuring joan , who 's often stand in the background . always wear the necklace . she and Annie 's mother be evidently close friend . another photo : Annie 's mother guide a baby bottle into baby charlie 's mouth . the bottle 's milk be pollute with black herb . 133 134 135 100 . finally , Annie come to a particularly bizarre photo . it feature Joan pour gold / silver coin over Annie 's mother 's head . Annie 's mother , wear a tiara , be weep / laugh tear of joy . they be surround by a intimate , applauding audience . int . high school hallway - day 133 student be return to class . Peter walk tremble down the hall . any linger kid disperse to enter they classroom . Peter approach he classroom , a gnaw apprehension take he over . suddenly , from behind Peter , a flash of light streak across the length of the hall . it sweep past Peter . he freeze . the light seem to disappear at Peter 's classroom . Peter stare at the door . through the door 's window , mr. davie ( the teacher ) turn to see Peter . they lock eye . Davies smile expectantly . feeling pressured , Peter walk to the classroom . he enter . int . graham house - upstair hallway - moment later 134 the hallway be crawl with fly . Annie , still hold the photo album , enter ( from the workshop ) to investigate . the ceiling 's attic hatch be now cover in more fly than ever . it 's clearly the source of the infestation . Annie , eye craze with paranoia , stare at the hatch . a short ( but accessible ) rope hang from it , ask to be pull . Annie pull on the rope , slowly open the attic hatch and release its retractable stairway . a horde of fly escape the attic . Annie hesitates before climb up . int . attic - continuous 135 the attic be dank and claustrophobic . there be one window , let in scant moonlight . otherwise , the space be obscure in utter darkness . Annie poke she head in . at the foot of the entrance be a flashlight . Annie take it , turn it on , and shine its beam into the shadow . fly be everywhere . they buzzing permeate the room . 136 101 . waving away the fly , Annie explore the space . it 's fill with discard piece of the family 's past . Old crib , a mattress , toy , etc . finally , Annie 's flashlight dawns on something . a figure lie prostrate in the corner . Annie approach it . the fly get louder . Annie finally get close enough to see ... it be a woman 's corpse , and upon closer inspection , its head be see to be missing . from the white and wrinkle hand , it 's evident that this be a old woman . she be also wear a white silk robe - identical to the one that Charlie see the corpse wear earlier in the wood . ( be this ellen leigh 's corpse ? ) a large triangle have be draw in chalk around the body . Annie gasp , stagger back , and bend over to retch . as she do so , the flashlight 's beam cross something on the vaulted ceiling above the body . Annie pause before raise the flashlight . she train it on the ceiling to reveal ... the sigil of paimon have be paint onto the ceiling in now - dry blood . fly crawl across its coarse black - red stroke . int . classroom - day 136 Peter sit at the back of the class . he wring he hand , anxiety mount . he 's still think about the woman ( Joan ) who be yell at he . Mr. Davies stand at the chalkboard . written on the board : '' punishment bring wisdom . '' mr . davie so , everyone feel justified : iphigenia 's murder be command by the god - so really agamemnon have no choice . and clytemnestra be drive by revenge , just like orestes when he return ... suddenly , Peter hear something behind he . a distant clicking of the tongue . we focus in on Peter 's ear . separate by a few second each , the click become clearer and more present with every click . it 's as if the source be near . soon it 's loud enough to be right next to peter 's face . suddenly , as see from behind , peter 's arm spike up into the AIR . because we be behind he , we do not see Peter 's face . the tense arm be held there , as if be pull by a unseen force . the click sound continue . Mr. Davies turn to notice Peter . mr. davie ( cont 'd ) ( call on he ) peter. 102 . Mr. Davies wait , but after a moment , he expression darken into concern . mr . davie ( cont 'd ) Peter , be you okay ? we now reveal peter . his face be contorted with terrible stress , as if he head be grip by a electric vice . his eye be lock open ; he eyeball darting around , as if appeal for help . his hand remain stiffly raise and he seem to have difficulty breathe . in fact , he face be about to turn purple . peter click he tongue . he 's now the one click . mr . davie ( cont 'd ) Peter . what 's wrong ? Bridget , stare at Peter , look especially disturb . Peter click again . mr . davie ( cont 'd ) I ... suddenly Peter gasp a horrible , gurgle gasp . it sound like a agonize squeal , much like the one we hear from Charlie during she allergic attack ( before she decapitation ) . BRIDGET ( terrify ) can he breathe ?! a spit-bubble form on Peter 's lip as he struggle hopelessly to speak . but then -- Peter 's head be slammed face - down into he desk . it hold there , tremble with tension . his face be smear across the desktop , as if a great pressure be be apply to the back of he head . one can almost hear Peter 's nose crunching . Peter 's head suddenly swing back up , as if be yanked by the hair . he be hold upright for a moment , revealing that he eye be pitch -re with tear . his nose be also bleed lightly . he look extremely disorient . peter mom ! Peter 's head be slammed back down , into the table . blood burst out of he now - break nose . the class scream ! Peter , suddenly in possession of he faculty , kick himself back . he stumble out of he chair , knock over the desk as he stagger backward . he have be released from whatever be just grip he . 137 138 139 140 Green Rev. ( mm / dd /yy ) 103 . he scream , throw he arm around , fend off whatever it be . he break down in sob , fraught with terror . the class be completely silent . int . steve 's office - day 137 a haggard Steve sit in he office , nursing a scotch . his cell phone vibrate . it 's annie . Steve just stare at it . letting it vibrate . it stop . after a moment , the office phone ring . he look at it . thinks about answer . do not . he turn in he chair , raise the scotch to he lip . ignoring the phone . he downs the glass . we now reveal the office phone 's caller id . this call be come from Peter 's High School . int . graham house - kitchen - day 138 the land - line ring . it 's the high school , now call the Graham house . nobody be home . int . car - same time 139 Annie sit in she car , park on the street . she be wait in the driver seat , eye craze . she watch the house , hold she cell phone at the ready . a car drive by . she turn to investigate . it 's not steve. annie ( to herself ) goddamn it , Steve . come home . int . steve 's office - same time 140 Steve be still in he office , eye close , lean back in he chair . cling to the peace . the phone ring again . he set he drink on the table and grudgingly answer . steve hello ? pause . Steve suddenly become alert . steve ( cont 'd ) what ? what happen ? ( listen for a moment ) ( more ) 141 142 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 104 . steve ( cont 'd ) okay . yes . I be come now . which hospital ? int . car ( moving ) - late afternoon 141 Steve be now drive home . peter be asleep in the back seat . his nose be heavily bandaged and he eye be black and blue . Steve look at the rear-view mirror while he drive . watch he son sleep . Steve look back to the road to see -- he 's about to runa red light . he stomp on the brake . despite the harsh stop , Peter remain asleep . Steve grip the wheel , on the edge of he seat . a moment of tense silence and then : the floodgates open . Steve start crying , overwhelm . after a moment of this , he regains composure . the light go GREEN . int . annie 's car - late afternoon 142 Annie be still wait anxiously in she car . Steve 's car be see pull into the Graham driveway . Annie heave a relieved sigh - '' finally ! '' but then she notice that Steve be pull a unconscious Peter out of the back seat . she see Peter 's bandage nose and panic . Annie jump out of the car and bound over . she 's grip she mother 's photo album . annie oh my God what happen ?! Steve turn to Annie as she arrive . he 's in no mood for any histrionics . Annie gasp at the sight of Peter 's face . annie ( cont 'd ) who do that ?! steve he do apparently . smashed he own face into he desk , hard enough to break it . this only feed Annie 's paranoia . she cover she mouth with she hand . annie ( need to tell he ) Steve ... 143 105 . steve ( blunt ) please : just take he foot . Annie hesitantly gather Peter 's foot . Steve proceed toward the house , carry Peter by he underarm . int . peter 's bedroom - day 143 outside , Max 's barking be hear . it will persist through the follow scene . Steve and Annie lay the comatose Peter into bed . Steve look down at Peter , sap . he 's avoid Annie 's eye . annie Steve . Steve wait for she to continue . annie ( cont 'd ) ... upstair , in the attic ... when you be go , I go up there . Steve close he eye , not want to hear whatever 's come . annie ( cont 'd ) there 's a decapitate body . a old woman ... Steve 's eye open , numb . he look blankly at Annie . annie ( cont 'd ) ( reacting ) that 's what all the fly be ! steve ( zero inflection ) a body ? annie steve ( cont 'd ) go upstairs . look for yourself . whose body ? annie I think it might be my mother 's . I think ! I can not tell ! the skin be black and she 's all distend , but it 's a old woman and the head be go ... go see for yourself . Steve stare at she before walk into the hall and approach the attic hatch . annie ( cont 'd ) and then there 's more . 144 145 106 . steve more than you mother 's headless body . of course . Steve reach for the attic hatch . he pull it down and a mass of fly escape . Steve pause , now much more nervous about what he 's about to find . he begin to climb the stair . Annie now run downstairs ... int . live room - continuous 144 Annie rush to the fireplace . she start a FIRE . Max 's bark continue off -screen . int . upstair hallway - moment later 145 the hatch be still open . we hear from within the attic : steve ( 0.s. ) Jesus fuck ! Annie have run back upstairs . sound of distress ( from above ) as Steve rush to the stair and stumble down into the hallway . he 's pale with shock . steve ( cont 'd ) anni what the fuck ! there 's more . steve why have not you call the police ?! annie the police can not help we ! this make Steve pause . do Annie do this ? steve who be that , Annie ? Annie squeeze she mother 's photo album . annie do you remember Joan , my friend ? her grandson die and she take I to she apartment ? Steve 's eye be harrow . steve ( to himself ) it do look like you mother . Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 107 . annie listen ! she teach I how to do the seance . I do not even want to know . but she bring she grandson back , and I see it and I feel it - just like you do with Charlie . Steve eye Annie with grow revulsion . she now open the photo album . she 's frighteningly energetic . annie ( cont 'd ) this be my mother 's album . okay ? now look : this woman , right here , that 's she ! that 's Joan ! Annie be point at a photo of Joan ( 20 year young ) stand with Annie 's mother ( 20 year young ) . Annie speak quickly to prevent Steve from interrupt . annie ( cont 'd ) she never mention know my mother and I never meet she before , but she approach I , she consol I , and she tell I about the seance , she show I how , and now - look : Steve can not listen to this , but Annie desperately draw he attention to the photo of Annie 's mother be shower in coin by Joan . Annie point at the necklace . annie ( cont 'd ) that 's the necklace my mom give I . right ? it 's my mother 's necklace . right ? now Annie point out another photo : she mother pose with Joan - both wear the same necklace . annie ( cont 'd ) they be both wear it . and they be wear it in every photo ! Steve , now completely pale , do not react . he 's stare at Annie like she 's a contagious disease . annie ( cont 'd ) and look at the pattern ! do you see up there ? this be paint above the body . right ?! in blood ?! steve ( dawn on he ) ..- you dig up the grave . annie what ?! Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 108. steve annie ( cont 'd ) it be you , be not it ? when you be go out , '' to the movie " ? you be not even listen ! steve ( horrify ) and when the cemetery call ... ( outrage at the think ) I do not tell you because I do not want to worry you . annie goddamn it ! listen to I , Steve ! I know you do not trust I - there 's nothing I can do_about that - but they put a curse on we , and when we bring back Charlie - steve we do not bring back Charlie ! annie ( continue ) - we make a pact with something ! I do not know what it be , but it 's in the house and it want Peter ! Annie pull out Charlie 's drawing pad . she open it and flip through the sketches of Peter with he eye X have out . annie ( cont 'd ) I watch this page fill . they be all of Peter . she look up at Steve . annie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Steve : I do not know what I do , but Peter 's in danger and I be the one who start this . Annie take Steve 's arm . he recoil at he wife 's touch . she lead he toward the stair . annie ( cont 'd ) if we destroy this book , it 'il take I too . I try to burn it - I try - but my arm catch fire . on its own . as if I be link to it , because I be link ! I know that now . but if we do not destroy this ... Peter will ... she 's too overwhelm to finish she think . Steve 's eye register no compassion . he skeptically follow she down the stair toward the live room . 109 . annie ( cont 'd ) it need to be I , Steve . it 's my fault ! I need you to throw it in the fire . Steve just stare at she . annie ( cont 'd ) I can not do it ! I can not throw it in ! I be too scared . but if you do not , it will be Peter . I know it will . ( break down cry at the think ) it ' will be we son ! Annie put the draw pad in Steve 's hand . she close he finger around it . she try to calm herself down . annie ( cont 'd ) please baby . I can not do it . I need you to throw it in the fire . Annie take a canister of lighter fluid and proceed to douse the draw pad . she then look at Steve with great love and sadness . annie ( cont 'd ) even if you can not believe I : you be the love of my life . Annie kiss he passionately . it have the desperation of a farewell kiss . Steve 's lip be stone . annie ( cont 'd ) I love you , Steve . I love you so much . and I love Peter so much ! Annie be cry hysterically . Max 's bark continue . annie ( cont 'd ) please ! throw it in ! Steve walk in a horrify daze toward the fireplace . but then -- he stop short . he turn to Annie . steve I be not do this anymore with you , Annie . annie ( panicked ) what ? no. steve this be not help you . you be very sick and I need to call the police . 146 147 Green Rev. ( mm / dd/yy ) 110 . that do it . Annie storm toward Steve , seize the draw pad , run to the fireplace , and hurl the book into the fire . it be immediately consumed by the flame , and then , like clockwork -- steve ignite into a raging ball of flame . he cry out as he be instantaneously swallow up by the scream fire . Annie can not even scream . she 's freeze in horror . her eye be locked on the sight of she husband 's burn . and what 's more , the ominous streak of light have return - now bounce wildly around the room . Max 's off - screen barking have reach a insane pitch . we see Steve 's searing reflection in Annie 's fix pupil . the fire be impossibly violent . now , at the scene 's shriek apex , the streak of light settles on Annie - enter she ! slam to black silence . a distant drum fade in ... ext . wood - night 146 the wooded area behind the Graham house . it 's snow . a drum circle seem to be in progress somewhere unseen . repetitive , minimal percussion ( like subdued war drum ) thump faintly and steadily in the distance . int . peter 's bedroom - same time 147 silence . Max 's bark have stop . Peter 's eye blink OPEN from he deep sleep . he bolt up with a start . he 's in he room , under the cover . he squint with pain . he reach to touch he nose , but discover the heavy plaster bandage . outside Peter 's window : the treehouse . a dim , golden light - like candlelight - flicker from within . Peter stare at it . the drum be barely hear in the b.g . they will continue . the drum be momentarily drown out by the sound of a car drive by outside . its headlight gently illuminate Peter 's room , scan the wall ( in pale blue ) as the car drift by . for the briefest moment , in this fleeting light , we see ... annie , still wear she nightgown , in the top corner of the room . she seem to be floating weightlessly . she 's so elevate , in fact , that she head be turn to the side and she cheek press against the ceiling . 148 111 . there 's something still and compose about she ; something resolutely not Annie . her eye be wide and she face expressionless . she 's behind Peter , staring at he back . he do not notice . the car have now pass , and the room be obscure again in darkness . Annie be no longer clearly visible . Peter sense something behind he . he pause , listen . then he begin to turn . Annie , back press against the wall , scramble ( in a silent panic ) across the wall and out the door . she seem to be crab - walking across the wall 's surface . Peter look back just as Annie have leave . he do not see she . Peter climb out of bed . he go to leave the bedroom . int . hallway - continuous 148 as Peter enter the hallway , a sharp clanging SOUND be hear downstairs . Peter freeze . a sustained reverb fill the house . it sound like it come from a piano . Peter remain motionless , listen . peter dad ? fly be everywhere . Peter walk over to he parent 's bedroom . he peer in . it 's empty . he turn back to the hall . peter ( cont 'd ) Mom ? dad ? Peter look up at the attic hatch , now close . the SOUND of fly be especially aggressive up there . he then notice that annie 's mom 's bedroom door be OPEN . he look inside . empty . he close the door . Peter continue warily down the hall . he approach the stair . peter ( cont 'd ) hello ? Peter lean to peer down the stair . he see nothing . he slowly proceed downward . 149 150 112 . int . foyer - continuous 149 Peter arrive at the bottom of the stair . the foyer be empty . Peter notice the piano . it seem to have be tampere with . the lid be open and a couple of the wire have be snapped . Peter carefully walk through the foyer , eye scan around . paranoia building . he approach the live room , which be faintly illuminate by a off-screen flame . int . live room - continuous 150 Peter stop at the doorway . his eye travel across the wall to finally come to ... the fireplace . the last of a dim fire ( mostly ember ) crackle in the pit . and lie before the fireplace be ... a charree , black corpse . it lie twisted on the rug . Peter stand freeze , try to discern what it be . he take a reluctant step forward and slowly approach the dark figure . Peter finally come close enough to see ... the body 's head have be violently amputate . the pink / red of the expose neck contrast garishly with the crisped whole . the body be on its back , arched and contort . Peter look at the hand . the finger be curl into desperate claw . one finger bear steve’s wedding ring . Peter open he mouth to scream , but all that come out isa mute gust of air . tear well in he eye . he can not even summon the strength to look away . and above he ... annie be huddle up into a corner of the ceiling . her face be twisted with grief and fear , and she be shaking she head - '' no , no , no , no , no '' — as if plead with the back of Peter 's head , like a frighten animal . she hold piano wire , pull it taut with both hand . wringing blood . Peter freeze , sense something behind he . he slowly turn , but not toward Annie ... Peter look to the other corner of the room . the closet door be crack open . Peter squint at it . stand in the dark closet , barely visible , be a man in a red cloak - stare at he . Peter be paralyze . he then sense something in the corner of the ceiling - where Annie be . his eye scan tensely to the corner , but Annie be now gone . 151 152 153 113. pregnant silence . suddenly , from behind Peter , Annie burst scream out of the darkness , dash towards he . Peter run squealing out of the room . he sprint for the stair . Peter bound up the staircase , but at the top step , he trip over he own foot . he crash to he knee , scramble to get back up . behind he , we hear Annie pursue . Peter race madly through the hallway . the attic hatch be now inexplicably OPEN . he dash for the attic stair . he run up the stair and immediately retract they - just as Annie reach he . Peter manage to pull the attic hatch shut , almost catch Annie 's bloody finger . int . attic - continuous 151 Peter lock the floor 's hatch . there be a mad pounding from beneath . int . hallway - continuous 152 Annie be upside down and straddle the ceiling ( as though gravity be no longer a thing ) . she pull at the attic knob , slamming she head into the hatch . she bang she head crazily against the ceiling , over and over . with every strike , she pound she forehead harder and more wildly against the hatch - like a mad bull , try to break through by sheer force . int . attic - continuous 153 Peter stand in the dark , scream and cry as the pound persist . it keep grow harder , faster , more insane - until it stop . Peter listen ... nothing . just the shrill cacophony of buzzing fly . beside he , at he foot , be a dwindling black candle . peter ( terrify ) mommy ? Peter look up . black candle have be set up all around the attic . they flame dimly illuminate the clutter . Peter now look to the corner that earlier enshrine the headless corpse . the corpse be now go , but something tiny have replace it . the distance and weak light preclude Peter from identify it . 114 . Peter begin to approach the corner , tear stream . he see the bloody sigil on the vault ceiling above . as he walk , the buzzing get louder , more concentrate . Peter continue warily toward the corner , he fear rise . the buzzing have get even louder . finally Peter get close enough to see ... in the center of the chalk - etched triangle be a photograph of peter with he eye X have out . stun and confuse , Peter reel back , knock over a candle . the corner go dark . Peter be weep uncontrollably now . he start back away , toward the room 's center . his eye remain glue to he photograph . peter ( cont ’d ) ( to himself , cry ) please . this be not happen . you need to wake up . Peter 's tooth be chatter . he 's hyperventilate . his tremble silhouette be frame by the window behind he . outside the window : dreamy snowfall . Peter continue back up , but something make he freeze . a prolong groan , accompany by the sound of wire be wrap and tightened around flesh . it 's come from a source about twenty foot away , behind he . this be follow by a swifter , harsher SOUND - like a see be drag through flesh . a pregnant pause and then the sound repeat . a briefer pause and it repeat again . Peter slowly turn around . his eye travel up to see ... annie have somehow get in . she float weightlessly in the air . ( she be faintly illuminate by a candle below she . ) she have looped the piano wire around she own neck , which be already strain blood . she tug on one end of the wire . it saws through she neck . she tug on the other end of the wire . it saw even deeper . peter ( cont 'd ) mommy ! Annie keep saw , faster and harder and with more ruthless persistence . the saw sound be horrible . Peter , scream , turn away , only to see : a middle - aged blonde man , dress in a red cloak , near Peter . he 's smiling giddily . ( we will recognize he as the man who be smile at Charlie at Annie 's mother 's funeral . ) behind he , two smiling older women . they be crouch together , illuminate by a nearby candle - flame . peter scream , turn , and run straight for the window . he jump through the glass . 154 155 115 . ext . graham house - continuous 154 Peter have land face - first into the snow . small shard of glass be embed all over he body , but nothing too serious . Peter lie motionless for a long time . we cut wide to a bird 's eye view look down on Peter . he lie face - down in the blue - white snow , inanimate . the wind blow softly . we hold on this peaceful , static wide . after a moment , a shadow float gracefully across the snow . it belong to Annie , who must be above we - but the shadow seem headless . the shadow drift out of frame , follow by the vague , familiar streak of light . the light , however , stop at Peter . it dance on he back ... steady ... disappear into he . after a moment , Peter 's head rise languidly from the snow . his face be mark by a few minor gashes ( from the glass ) . he look up , eye strangely calm . they even look a bit cloud . he look ahead to the treehouse ... peter 's Pov : Annie 's float body have arrive at the treehouse , which be still glow by candlelight . she ascend into it . for a split-second , before she disappear into the treehouse , we see that annie have no head . Peter rise to he foot , hollow - eye . his gaze train on the treehouse . he seem to be in some sort of trance - much like the trance that Charlie enter earlier . after a moment of stand , stare at the treehouse ... Peter click he tongue . with that , he begin walk slowly toward the treehouse . he pass max's dead carcass , sprawle across a snow - bury garden . as Peter near the treehouse , he look up to its OPEN window ... through the window , from Peter 's low - angle Pov : a birdcage hang from the treehouse ceiling . it house a manic whippoorwill . we cut to a wide of the treehouse as Peter arrive at the tree 's base . Peter pause . look up . after a beat , he begin to leadenly climb up . int . treehouse - continuous 155 Peter , have scale the tree , poke he head through the floor-hatch and climb in . 116 . the wall be line with black candle , and before Peter be several men and woman ( some elderly , some middle - age ) bowing on they knee , forehead against the floor . they be all dress in red cloak . stand behind Peter ( on the opposite side of the treehouse ) be the terrible object of they reverence . he turn to see ... a giant , 6 's wood - figure manikin . place atop its shoulder ( in lieu of a head ) be charlie 's decapitate head - now inan advanced state of decomposition . the nose be still smashed in , much of the face be black with rot , and it wear asilver crown . one hand grip a wooden scepter . the manikin 's other hand be raise to extend its first two finger and thumb ; the third and fourth finger be bent ( like a Christ figure ) . bow at the foot of the manikin be annie 's headless torso - blood pool at the neck . beside she corpse , also prostrate , be annie 's mother 's headless corpse ( still dress in white silk , but in a worse state of decay ) . Peter 's eye be wide , but still blank . they be fix on Charlie 's head . he look more confuse than horrify . Peter turn around to face the grovel red-cloaked worshipper . they now seem to be bow in he direction . among the worshipper be joan - she forehead press to the floor . Peter , unnerve , look away . he notice ... a photo portrait of anniee mother on the wall . she sit upright and she expression be severe . the frame bear a engrave : '' Queen leigh '' we come to a close - up of Peter . he look confuse and scared ( although not in a way that feel like Peter ) . we will hold on this cu for the remainder of the scene . the sound of someone rising . this person ( Joan ) shuffles past Peter to lift the crown off of Charlie 's head . she then come to stand ( now off - screen ) before Peter . after a moment , the crown enter frame to be place ceremoniously onto Peter 's head . Peter have tensed up , desperately avoid eye contact with Joan . he sense something behind he . he look back ( and we pan-tilt ) to see ... the headless corpse of Peter 's family be now inexplicably bow in he direction . Peter turn forward again - overwhelm . he look trap . tremble . his milky eye be welling with tear . 117 . joan ( 0.s. ) ( quietly , try to soothe ) hey hey - no no - you be all right ... but he be start to panic . his eye fix fearfully to the floor as he breathe grow erratic . then : joan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey : hey : Charlie . Peter 's breathe halt . he look up to Joan , still tremble . eye wide . joan ( cont 'd ) you be all right now . a long silence as Peter search Joan 's face for understanding . Peter finally speak ... but he sound more like charlie than Peter . peter who be I ? a load pause from Joan . then : joan ( 0.s. ) you be paimon . one of the eight king of Hell . beat . Peter do not react . he just stare at she , uncomprehend . joan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we have look to the northwest and call you in . we have correct you first body and give you now this healthy male host . we reject the trinity and pray devoutly to you , great paimon : give we you knowledge of all secret thing and all mystery of the Earth ; bring we honor , wealth and good familiar ; and bind all man to we will , as we have bound ourselves for now and ever to your . we hear Joan return to she bow position : joan ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hail paimon . Peter 's eye be buzzing . then , from behind Joan : 156 118 . worshipper ( 0.s. ) hail paimon ! then , louder : joan / worshipper ( 0.s. ) hail paimon !! ext . treehouse - continuous 156 wide of the treehouse . worshipper ( 0.s. ) hail !! CUT hard to black . hold on the black . from this , we very slowly fade in on : a neutral wide of the graham house . night . surrounded by dreamy snowfall . a strong artifice distinguish the image . as if the actual house have somehow be replace by its miniature replica . even the drift snowflake look false . hold on this as the credit roll .