" hero , " by David webb people FOURTH draft august 30 , 1991 9/10/91 blue 10/1/91 pink 10/14/91 yellow 10/25/91 GREEN 10/31/91 goldenrod *11/7/91 buff h E R o a screenplay by David webb people from a story by Laura Ziskin & Alvin sargent and David people please note the follow change : A. ) inspector jensen ( previously change to inspector benson on revise blue page 94 ) have be change to inspector dayton B. ) the perigord restaurant have be change to the barcelona restaurant c. ) terry well have be change to tom weller D. ) channel 11 have be change to channel 13 E. ) channel 7 have be change to channel 8 int . courtroom - day judge goine turn to the jury foreman . judge goine mister Foreman , have you arrive at a verdict ? foreman we have , you honor . we find the defendant guilty of all the charge . title begin over the scene angle on the defendant , bernie laplante forty , rumple , cheap suit , cheap haircut . he react , turn to the jury , indignant . his attorney , donna o'day , rise . she 's twenty - four , look young . donna you honor , may I approach the bench ? as bernie fume , the judge , donna and the youthful clean- cut prosecutor engage in a earnest , inaudible discussion . frustrate , bernie be watch they when he notice something that distract he from he anguish . donna 's wallet be lie in she open attache case . the open top of the case screen the wallet from the view of the jury , the judge , court reporter , etc . bernie look around , check the spectator section . no spectator . title continue bernie get the wallet to he lap . in between cautious glance toward the bench where the conference continue inaudibly , he surreptitiously select some of the twenty and some of the ten from the wallet . at the bench the conference break up , donna head back toward the defense table . the wallet still conceal in he lap under the table , bernie be indignant . bernie what 's go on ? " guilty " ! what be this ? donna I get you bail continue . bernie bail , for chrissake ! I be innocent ! the judge gavel for order as bernie slip donna 's " lighten " wallet back into she attache case unseen . judge goine mister laplante , I have be persuade in view of you continue employment and you lack of prior conviction , to continue you bail under the same condition heretofore , pend sentencing six day from now . in the meantime you will make a appointment with the probation officer who will make a recommendation to I regard you sentence . I urge you to use this six day to set you personal affair in order in anticipation of incarceration . the title conclude int . corridor / hall of justice - minute later ( day ) bernie and donna be hurry along the crowded corridor outside the courtroom . bernie " anticipation of incarceration " ? donna ( upset ) he mean prison , Mr. laplante . bernie I know what he mean . I be not a prison kinda guy , miss o'day . I be a goddamn work man for chrissake ! maybe I " augment " my income a little with some " business deal , " maybe summa the guy I sell to be crook , how would I know , I be not a investigator . you can not make it on a wage no more , not in this country . donna I think we best course right now would be to focus on the probation Officer 's report ... bernie he give a good report and I walk ? donna we can hope . ( consulting she note ) you still have you job , right ? bernie yeah , I be call in sick . they think I get the flu . donna and a son by you ex-wife ? Joseph . bernie a son , yeah . what about he ? joey . donna be you pretty involved in he upbringing ? bernie involve ! Christ ! she attach my goddamn paycheck ! child support . why do you think I can not afford a lawyer ? ( then ... ) you know what I mean . why I get a court appoint lawyer instead of a , uh , more experience ... donna I understand . how often do you see you son ? bernie often , uh . donna how recently ? bernie uh , he birthday , uh , May . I think . donna it 's November . bernie ( beat ... beat ... beat ... ) she do not like I to see he . say I be a bad influence . donna I think you should visit you son . and try and get you boss to write a note about you performance on the job . you need to create the impression of a responsible , decent citizen with familial responsibility who happen to slip up once . they have reach the front door . bernie nod , about to exit . donna ( with difficulty ) uh , I know you be have financial difficulty , mister laplante , but I wonder if ... I mean , the money I loan you ... bernie some of it . right here . I get some of it . I will get the rest as soon as I can . bernie pull out the crumpled bill he take from donna 's wallet and hand they to she . donna ( surprised and touch ) I know thing be difficult for you , mister laplante . I do not want to take you last dime ... bernie be already reach for a twenty . bernie right . I better keep some if I be gonna see the kid . for gas and stuff . then , unable to resist the chance , he snatch another . ext . lion cage / zoo - another day a lion lie glumly in he cage , stare balefully through the bar at bernie who stare balefully back , contemplate the iron bar . at bernie be side be a ten year old boy , joey , whose neat , scrubbed appearance be in sharp contrast to bernie be rumple , slightly soile look . joey wow ! look at that one ! joey be indicate the next cage where a black panther be pace restlessly to and for . joey if you be in there , he would kill you , would not he ... dad ? as bernie look at the panther , the muscular beast look right into bernie' eye with the furious yellow stare as if to say " I be wait . " bernie yeah , yeah , something like that . int . fluky' restaurant - a hour later ( day ) bernie and joey face each other in a booth , eat burger . bernie this guy , this " friend " you mother 's see , he 's a fireman , huh ? he ever ... spend the night , whatsisname ? joey sometimes . his name 's elliot . he save a guy 's life one time . in a fire . bernie oh yeah ? a hero , huh ? ( a beat , then ... ) be he in the ' nam , this guy elliot ? joey " the nomm " ? what 's that ? bernie it be this war . viet nam . do not matter . joey be you in it ? in the war ? bernie you never see that picture , huh ? joey what picture ? bernie I in my uniform . use to be on the bookcase . int . men' room / fluky' - ten minute later ( day ) desert except for bernie and joey side by side at the urinal . bernie glance at joey . bernie whatcha gotta do there , buddy , be ya gotta get in close so ya do not piss on yer shoe . it do not matter now cause you be wearin ' they sneaker but the time 's gonna come when you be gonna be wearin ' good shoe , expensive one , and you do not wanna piss on they , you wanna protect them . from piss , from tough guy , from everything . -- alternate version -- bernie what I do not like about public restroom be how you be always stand in piss . it do not matter to you , you get that sneaker but I be stand in piss in very expensive shoe . it 's a breakdown in custodial service . joey steal a glance at bernie , see he " shake it off " and zip up . joey do likewise . joey be you gonna take I somewhere next weekend ? bernie I be work on that . it 's just I get some business problem and ... whatsa matter ? joey be head for one of the stall . he reach underneath and pull out a wallet . joey somebody lose a wallet . bernie be extremely interested , take the wallet joey hold out and glance inside . Cash . a couple of fifty . int . fluky' - second later ( day ) bernie and joey exit the Men 's room and head for the door to the parking lot , bernie explain ... bernie you give it to the manager , he pocket the dough , throw the wallet away . most people who work in supervisory position ... I be not say all ... be crook . joey cast a hasty glance at teenager who 's wear the manager badge . the youth could not look more innocent if he wear a halo . ext . parking lot - day a bag lady push two shopping cart through the parking lot spot bernie and joey crossing she path ... bag laoy Excuse I , sir , could you spare ...? bernie no way , lady , not a chance . bernie hurry past she , notice joey look back at the miserable woman . bernie you gotta resist the urge to be nice to that people , they be con artist , they take advantage of the soft heart . a lot of them be financially better off than the rest of we . arrive at a ancient , batter Toyota , bernie search for he key and then fuss with the lock . bernie what I be gonna do on this wallet thing be , Monday , day after tomorrow , I be gonna have my secretary phone this guy up from the name on he driver 's license let the guy come and get he wallet and make sure you get a reward . you deserve a reward . you want one , doncha ? a reward ? gwan , get in . int . toyota / moving / freeway - twenty minute later ( day ) bernie be at the wheel , the car be gasp , struggle . bernie whatcha gotta do , you gotta look out for number one . it sound harsh , but it 's a goddamn ( excuse the vulgarity ) jungle out there , kid . that 's why you gotta keep a low profile ! right ? a low profile ! it 's where you do not give nobody nothin ' to shoot at , stay outta sight , be parta the woodwork , do not ever tell them you name , they will use it against you . joey be look for the right exit sign . he spot it . joey here . get off here . bernie ( a look at joey ) thanks . thanks , pal . joey look pleased . ext . evelyn' house / int . toyota - later - day bernie be turn onto a suburban street , check the house . bernie listen , buddy , I be really enjoy this relationship we get go here . I be miss out on not know you better . thing be , I get all this business stuff ... joey I could go to a movie Thursday night . ' Cause we do not have school on Friday . bernie pull the car up in front of a single story two bedroom house . bernie here we be . yeah , that 's a possibility . a movie . now you gwan in , tell you mother I get you back on time . Point that out to she . she be always on my case for stuff like that . she 's still like that , right ? joey ( a little grin , he first ) yeah. ( get out ) I will see ya ... dad . joey get out and run toward the house . bernie watch he go . then he pull out the wallet , thumb the cash , glance at the credit card . int . shadow lounge - night the bored , fiftyish bartender , chick , be watch the tv mount over the bar in this unfashionable , nearly - desert joint . he look up when the door open . chick bernie ! where ya be , pal ? arrive at the bar , bernie survey the dimly light room , check the booth and table for customer . not many . bernie some guy be look for I , chick ? Spanish kinda guy . chick Spanish kinda guy ! bernie Business thing . gimme a seven and seven , willya ? bernie check he watch , take a seat , put a twenty on the bar . chick what be it , five day now I do not see you ! bernie ' Cause I be up to my ass in shit be why . I be break , plus I get legal problem ... nobody be ask for I , huh ? bernie look around nervously , peer into the shadowy booth and rear table as chick put a drink in front of he . chick nope . legal problem , you gotta have a good attorney . bernie my attorney , she 's just outta law school , about a couple of year older than my kid , for chrissake . chick you gotta kid ? how old 's you kid ? bernie nine . I think . maybe ten . yeah , ten . Nice kid . chick you get a ten year old attorney , bernie ? bernie I can not afford no better . my ex , she attach my pay check for child support payment . ( turn ) you look for bernie laplante by any chance ? a man who 's just enter the lounge shake he head no and head for a table where he 's greet by the cocktail waitress . chick I do not even know you have a kid . bernie ( thoughtful ) the thing about kid be , they be so ... young ! they do not know nothin ' yet . when you be a kid , you think you be gonna grow up a ' be a " wonderful person " instead of a asshole , like everybody else . chick we be all asshole , bernie ? bernie ( ignore he ) when I be a kid , I think I be gonna be this fantastic wonderful heroic human be . espinosa's voice ( o.s ) you bernie planta ? bernie turn . two latino be right behind he , low life , espinosa and vargas . bernie laplante . bernie laplante . you the guy Bunny call , huh ? int . back booth / shadow lounge - moment later credit card be be inspect . espinosa , seat between vargas and bernie , in a booth in the nearly desert lounge , look the card over dubiously . espinosa Three hour be old , man . very old . bernie hey , he might not of report them at all yet . he might not know for a couple hour . vargas you pick he pocket ? bernie yeah , more or less . trust I , this be very very fresh . ext . office build - day jeffrey broadman be stand against the granite facade of a downtown office building . Three thousand dollar suit , Hermes tie , expensively cut silver grey hair ruffling slightly in the breeze . charm smile , candid eye ... broadman to be honest , I can not make sense of it either , Ms. gayley . thing seem to be on the upsw , we difference with the SEC have be favorably resolve . in a business sense , I believe we have " turn the corner ... " gale gayley , a tv reporter , be stand close to broadman , a microphone in she hand . she 's thirty , attractive , dignify ... we can hear siren in the distance and , closer , the crackle of radio and walkie talky . gale mister broadman , you wife and child be on they way here as we speak . do not you think -- ? broadman I feel I have do very well in life : good health , wonderful family , much wealth . I guess what we be talk about here be a kind of despair . I just have the feel that everything from here on be go to be ... downhill ... at a time like this , I think I be entitle , as the say go , to " look out for number one " and put my own need first . that pretty much conclude what I have to say . thanks for come out here to let I talk to you and you viewer . a nice smile as he drop right out the bottom of the frame ! angle on gale look down , horrify . gale oh my god ! chucky , tilt down . her cameraman , chucky , twenty - five , be already urgently tilting he vidpak as we reveal that he and gale be stand on a ledge many storey above the street . gale do you get it ? ( then , doubly horrify ) Jesus , do I say that ? chucky yeah , I get it . Sports training . you learn to follow the ball . ( look up at gale ) how about you do a wrap - up from up here ? I will pan off that skyscraper over there , find you here , then reveal the drop . gale look shake . tv image ( ext . office build ledge - day ) later , the camera " find " gale in mid-sentence stand on the ledge , " wear " she broadcast voice and persona ... gale ( into mike ) suicide number 137 of this year in this city be neither a destitute nor a lonely man , but a successful executive with a loving family and forty million dollar in the bank . if there 's nameless " despair " in executive office , what can there be sixty storey below where the hungry and the homeless , the brutalize and the addict , fight they daily battle for survival . ( beat ) from a ledge sixty storey above the street , I be gale gayley for Channel four News . reveal : the tv monitor be in a office int . deakins ' office / channel 4 - late afternoon deakins , fifty , shirtsleeve , News director , and wallace , sixty , Station manager , suit and tie , patrician , be watch the monitor while chucky and parker , the boyish gofer , hover behind they . chucky whadja think of the fall shot , Chief ? the guy drop twenty storey in perfect focus , center frame while I go smoothly from f16 to f5.6 . deakins helluva shot , chucky , beautiful . ( pull out the video tape ) parker , run this down to frazier , tell he we open with it at six , eleven and at seven a.m .... parker be already run out the door as gale enter . gale hi , Chief . you like the suicide ? wallace never reach out ! gale hello , mister wallace . deakins ( to gale ) he 's right . it 's unprofessional . wallace ( to gale ) if you reach out , you could get pull over yourself . gale what be we talk about ? reach out for what ? chucky I tell they how you be upset we do not save the guy ... deakins save people be not we job . it 's as wrong to step in and save someone as it would be to push someone off . wallace you would not push the guy , would you ? gale I do not say I think we should have save he .. wallace you do not ? gale I say I wish it have at least occur to I to consider save he . deakins what good would that do ? gale sit on deakin ' desk . gale it would make I feel like a human be instead of a cynical , hardbitten newswoman . besides it would not be a bad story , would it , " newswoman save suicide ? " deakins unprofessional . gale you just can not bear the idea of good news . deakins you be sit on you ticket . gale find a envelope on the desk under she butt . wallace ticket ! what 's go on ? deakins she 's fly to New York . she 's be nominate for a Silver Mike ... wallace a Silver Mike ! you be cover we in glory ! gale I have not win it yet . ( study ticket , to deakin ) I notice you have get I schedule on a flight back a hour after the ceremony . wallace a hour after ...! deak , for Heaven 's sake ! let 's give she a night in New York City . we will put she and she boyfriend up at a good hotel ... deakins she break up with she boyfriend . ( to gale ) listen , babe , we needja back . you gotta follow up on the jumper , find the human interest in the grim , unending tale of woe that pour from the wounded heart of the heartless metropolis . gale the story behind the story , the ugly scandal behind the fall millionaire , the dirt , you mean . deakins that too . gale ( to wallace ) would the station put I up at a good hotel ...? wallace ( a look toward deakin ) absolutely ! gale give deakins a big grin and start out . deakins okay , hell with it . Party hearty ... be that what they say ? I will figure something out . ( once she 's go ) she 's just pretend she 's a person . she 's really a reporter . fifty buck she 's on the first flight back . chucky you know what I do not get ? I do not get why a guy who 's gonna jump ask to talk to a tv reporter ? deakins Cause how 's he gonna know he 's jump if it 's not on the six o'clock news . ext . STREET / CITY civic CENTER - afternoon horn blare as a ford van cut off a cab and squirm into a parking place mark " handicapped only . " the side of the van read gumley' super carpet care and feature a cartoon logo and a phone number . bernie , wear gumley overall , jump out of the van and hurry up the step to a impose municipal building . int . civic build - ten minute later ( afternoon ) a door read " probation department . " move in on the door . int . office / probation - day bernie be sit across the desk from the stone - face , bald probation Officer , patrick duke . bernie ( agitate ) hey ! do I have a record ? have I ever do time ? I mean I be arrest a few time , who have not ? parking ticket for chrissake ! suspicion of stuff ! have I ever be convict of anything ? duke mister laplante ... bernie take a look at my employment record , you get my employment record there , right ? you see any unemployment there , any welfare ? I be a taxpayer . they eat I alive , the tax people , they get tax on everything , tax , tax , tax , and form ! tax and form so I can pay you goddamn salary , so you can sit there and write stuff , guy like I pay you wage ... duke mister laplante ... bernie do I hit anybody ? you see I shoot anybody ? hey , drug ! do I sell drug ? Jesus , I do not belong in prison . I be a family man . duke mister laplante ... bernie look , I get this kid . we get a goddamn relationship ! I be takin ' he to a movie tonight ! he worship I . if I go down what 's this do to my son ? I be he goddamn role model for Christ sake ! duke look up at the " family man 's " plaintive look . then ... bernie ruin it . bernie listen , if I coulda afforded a experience attorney , I woulda walk . it be a shitty case , very circumstantial . you gonna send I downstate for have a inexperienced lawyer ? how you gonna feel about the system if you do that ? the brief flash of mercy be go from duke be eye , replace with a hard glitter . bernie have just shot himself in the foot . int . ballroom /n.y. HOTEL - day vigorous applause ! gale have just receive the Silver Mike Award , a tastefully small , mike -size replica of a microphone , from the master of ceremonies . clutch it , she face the applaud audience across a podium , speak into a real microphone . gale thank you , very much . I be grateful for this . since you be all colleague here , you know what kind of a team it take ... to put a story on a screen . I do not have to explain to you how much the cameraman , the editor , the assignment editor and the news director , to mention a few do to get I this award . gale pause . she reach into she purse and pull out a onion . she hold it up . gale this be a onion . ( dramatic pause , then ... ) it 's a metaphor for a news story . only a few hour ago I be stand on a ledge sixty storey above a street interview a man who subsequently jump to he death . forty million dollar in the bank , happily marry , good health . great story ! the audience be attentive , mesmerize as they watch she rip off the outer skin of the onion and toss it dramatically aside . gale ( continue ) there 's gotta be more . we be pro , right ? some kinda extramarital hanky panky , maybe ? another good story ! ( she peel another layer of onion ) maybe the guy 's be accuse of child molest . terrific story ! ( she peel more off the onion ) then it turn out the accusation be false . wonderful ! more story . the audience watch , captivate as the onion get smaller . gale ( continue ) maybe the alleged mistress be lie , set the guy up . sensational story ! ( the onion be very small ) we keep go , keep digging , keep investigate . we expose the guy 's whole life , he family . why ? because we be pro ! because ... ( she pause dramatically ) we be look for the truth ! gale consider the tiny remain of the onion in she hand . then , she peel it down to nothing and let it fall . gale but what if , after all we digging , after all we painstake investigation , what if it turn out there be not any truth ? just storey ! one story after another , one layer , then another layer , until there 's nothing leave . and if it 's like that , do we have any . obligation to stop at any point ? or do we just keep go , digging , digging , digging , peel , peel , peel , until we have peel it all away , until we have destroy what we be investigate in the first place ? angle on audience attentive , as gale pause dramatically , then ... gale I will bet all of you , like I , yearn for just one story that be not about uncover layer after layer of human weakness ; a story that reveal with each new layer of investigation , something finer and nobler , something even ... inspirational . gale gaze soberly across the podium at the audience . television image ( ext . skid row street - day ) a bag lady address the camera , a news interview . bag lady / tv first rule out here on the street be you gotta watch out for number one . if you go down ... break a bone or something ... you be go ! nobody 's gonna pick you up . ' winston be voice ( o.s ) shitty color ! looka the skin tone . reveal : the tv set be in bernie' apartment int . live room / bernie' apartment - night ( rain ) winston , fifty and fat , be scowling at the image on the tv screen in bernie be spartan and tasteless three room apartment . bernie grab the remote from winston be pudgy hand . bernie chrissake ! homeless people be suppose to have shitty skin tone . look ! bernie point the remote at the screen ... on the tv screen click ! a gunfight replace the bag lady on screen , then a sitcom , a old movie , MTV , and finally a slick commercial feature a sexy bikiny blonde . int . bernie' apt . - night bernie there you go ! skin tone ! listen , you gotta fish or cut bait . I would not even do this if I do not have this legal problem . two fifty . that 's it . I gotta get outta here , I gotta take my kid to the movie tonight , I be late . winston stare at the lithe thigh on the screen as bernie start rummage urgently in he closet . winston I will go two hundred . bernie have just find he good shoe , notice a carton of brand new jacket . bernie two hundred ! how about a jacket ? wanna buy I a jacket ? int . MAIN cabin / boeing 727 in flight - night the engine drine as we look into the sparsely populate main cabin of the " baby boe " . among the many empty seat , a mr . fletcher read a magazine while he ten year son richie play a pocket video game . leslie sugar , one of the two Flight attendant , be serve a drink to Mr. Smith , a businessman while freddy , the other Flight attendant , be give a pillow to a elderly woman . we discover gale , cradling a phone to she ear while she awkwardly fish in she purse and pull out the Silver Mike Award . gale it 's very nice actually . ( read the inscription ) " for excellence in the Pursuit of Truth . " uh , listen , I just want you to know I get a seat back on the early flight after all so ... what ? reacting to what she hear on the phone , gale overturn the purse in she lap and the content -- wallet , comb , lipstick , notepad , etc . -- spill on the floor . gale what do you mean you give it to conklin ? conklin be not on that ledge ! conklin be not ... int . deakins ' office / channel four - night deakins be grin into he phone , winking at wallace who 's stand beside he desk . deakins gale , you be gonna do the town , remember ? Fancy suite at the station 's expense , see a show , get laid maybe . what be I suppose to do ? still grin , he break off and listen to gale 's faintly audible response while hold out he palm to wallace in a triumphant " pay I " gesture . then he speak into the phone ... deakins okay , okay , you get back tonight , doll , and I will take conklin off you suicide . fly carefully ... and congratulation on the award . deakins hang up and smugly pocket the fifty wallace have fished from he wallet , chuckle gleefully ... deakins what would I tell ya ! they be all like that , the good one . they be junky for the story . they can not let go . int . MAIN cabin / boeing 727 in flight - night the eight - year -old , kelly , seat next to gale be help gale pick up the content of she purse from the floor . gale thank you . very much . kelly beam . and gale give a look to kelly mother susan who 's seat on the other side of kelly . susan there 's another credit card on the floor . gale reach down to pick up she Visa card from the floor . gale thanks . gale insert the Visa Card in she wallet with the other card . ext . CITY STREET - night rain come down in curtain as bernie' Toyota chug and fart through curtain of water . int . moving car / CITY STREET - night bernie be at the wheel , try to see through the rain sweep windshield . he 's talk to himself as he drive ... bernie I know why it 's raining . I coulda predict this . it 's raining because my wiper be fuck up . if my wiper be okay , the fuck sun would be shine right now . at night ! int . cockpit /727 - night engine drone monotonously . the Flight engineer be look at a magazine while the pilot and CO - pilot , surround by glow instrument , stare into the blackness ahead ... until something catch the bored pilot be eye . a red light on the control panel . he frown and look closer . int . / ext . bernie' car / freeway - night look for exit sign , bernie can barely see through the sheet of rain that he malfunction wiper do little to clear . suddenly a sign loom into view and disappear before he can read it . bernie damn ! int . MAIN cabin /727 in flight - night the engine drine . the cabin be peaceful , most passengers doze or talk softly as gale glance up from she magazine , see susan read while kelly sleep peacefully , she head in susan be lap . ping ! the electronic tone . gale look up , see the " fasten seat belt " sign illuminate . gale look toward the dark window . no sign of any light below . no city . no airport . strange . the p.a. system come to life and the captain be mellifluous voice murmur soothingly ... p.a. system lady and gentlemen , this be you Captain . we be experience a high read on one of we indicator . ten to one , it 's a malfunction in a gauge , but just as a precaution I be go to ask you to fasten you seat belt while the Flight attendant run through some safety procedure with you . I apologize for the necessity and the inconvenience . murmur in the cabin . what do this mean ? susan look a question at gale , puzzle as Flight attendant leslie and freddy take they position to demonstrate safety procedure . leslie first make sure you seat belt be fastened securely . then brace you arm against the seat ahead at you like this . you can use pillow or blanket ... kelly ( waking up ) mommy , what 's go on ? susan everything 's go to be fine , honey . gale' eye meet susan be eye . fear . brave smile . int . / ext . bernie' car / exit / highway - night pull off the freeway , bernie peer at the sign that greet he as he slow to a stop at the foot of the exit . unable to read they through the windshield he have to open the door and stand in the rain . even then , the sign be obscure by torrent of rain . int . MAIN cabin /727 in flight - night all eye be on leslie as she continue she instruction ... leslie -- when you reach the bottom of the chute you should immediately move as far away from the plane as possible in the event of a fire on the aircraft . glancing around , gale glimpsis pale , strain face . she see the elderly woman hold the arm of a man , she son . she see a mrs . brown squeezing a mr. brown be hand tightly . look back down the aisle she see mr . fletcher put he arm around richie be shoulder , father and son united against fate . beside she she see susan try to comfort kelly . leslie that of you who can should help other who may be unable to move quickly . gale be acutely aware that everyone around she be comforting someone else . only she be alone . int . toyota / highway - night back at the wheel , bernie be turn right onto a unlit highway , he single headlight stabbing weakly at the storm ahead while he useless wiper clatter loudly and the engine chug ... fart ... miss . bernie I be late already ! do not quit on I now , for chrissake ! this be not the time ! the engine struggle , continue . bernie come on , come on ! the engine surge to life again ... then begin to throb with downright vigor . bernie frown . it 's get louder . and louder ! and louder ! it's roaring . bernie be eye bug with the realization that either he 's about to take off ... or that isn't he engine thundering , thundering . a great shadow blur in the rain ahead . bernie brake hard , skid , slide wildly . bawhoooooooom ! huge noise . impact ! grinding ! bernie skid to a halt , eye shut tight to prevent himself from die . but he 's not dead . he open he eye . stare out the windshield . a blank wall greet he , bounce back he headlight in a blur of rain . bernie now what ? ext . highway - night bernie get out of he car . everything be spooky quiet . the tail section of a huge aircraft block the road directly in front of bernie 's car . he skidd to a stop two foot short of ramming the twenty - five foot high vertical fin . the rest of the craft be sprawle off the low bridge and into the water , lose for the most part in the darkness . suddenly , a voice call out ... from somewhere forward along the fuselage . voice hey ! help ! somebody ! help . bernie frown . helping be not he instinct . approach the edge of the bridge , he peer into the darkness . the plane be corkscrew through the bridge at such a freak angle that the tail rear door be wedge shut by the metal super -structure , the wing exit be block by the up - bent wing stub , and the right forward door be cant hopelessly toward the sky while the leave exit be partially jamme in the mud near the river bank in three foot of water . voice please ! help we . we be stick . hello ! anybody ! bernie whatsa problem , pal ? int . MAIN cabin /727 at rest - night engulf in darkness except for string of floor light lead to the exit , the cabin be a confusion of groans , cough , cry and the pierce wail of a scream baby . the floor light seem to be on the wall , high on one side and low on the other , as the cabin be dramatically cant , make movement along aisle nearly impossible . leslie , batter from the impact , she uniform tear , be struggle to open the forward emergency exit . angle downward , the door will only open six inch before be block by mud . Water pour in around she ankle as she shove furiously . leslie somebody give I a hand . a voice we be on fire . leslie let 's stay calm , everybody . everybody , stay calm , please . please stay calm . everything will be all right if we stay calm . somebody give I a hand with this door . her flashlight stab the darkness , reveal frighten face . slump , motionless form . leslie help the people around you , everybody . please help each other . aaaaaaaaah ! scream as the plane suddenly shift violently from the interior movement , canting further . angle on gale stagger from she seat . wham ! Hand luggage slam into she from a overhead rack . as gale go down , a passenger land on top of she catch she arm at a angle , break it . the passenger climb off she and struggle down the slope . gale realize she can not get up , she leg be wedge in the framework of a seat . passengers be climb past she , head forward . susan be fight she way out of she cant seat , clutching the terrify kelly to she . gale I ... I can not move . I be catch . susan glance at she and they eye meet . kelly be scream . susan turn away from gale and half - carry kelly toward the exit , leave gale alone , trap , in pain and fear . ext . bridge - night bernie be climb cautiously down the undercarriage of the bridge toward the water , as other voice callout from the twisted fuselage . bernie hold on there , hold on there . just a minute . bernie be awkward and ... very careful ... climb down , not brave or dash . he do not notice that , behind he , where the plane be corkscrew through the bridge a bouquet of orange flame be blossoming in the fuselage of the jet . int . MAIN cabin /727 - night thick smoke be ooze through the cabin . passengers be stumbling over each other , clogging the cant aisle while other slump in they seat , immobilize . richie' voice ( o.s. ) daddy ! daddy ! daddy , wake up ! leslie' voice keep calm ! everybody , keep calm . another voice someone 's come ! ext . river - night have reach the riverbank , bernie be reluctant to step in the water . he hesitates , then he take off he shoe , look in the darkness for a place to leave they . voice help we ! help , please . bernie hold on , buddy . I get hundred dollar shoe here . more cry . bernie step cautiously into the water . up to he ankle . deeper . bernie wade along the huge fuselage , toward the voice , stumbling , landing on all four in the water . bernie Jesus Christ ! struggle to he foot , hand muddy , he blunder toward the emergency exit and find it cant into the water , jamme into the mud so that it only open a crack . mr. brown be wedge in the crack , try to force the door open without success . glimpsing bernie be hand in the crack , he plead . mr. brown help we , please . we can not get out . bernie make a tentative attempt to open the door . he have no effect whatsoever . mr. brown push it ! you gotta push hard . bernie whaddaya ( grunt ) think I be ( grunt ) do ? reluctantly bernie dig he foot into the mud , put he shoulder into the door and shove with all he might . because he have a better angle on the door and better purchase , he 's actually able to move it several inch . mr. brown harder . push it harder . bernie lean back into the door again and push with all he might . it give ever so slightly . another inch . mr. brown be try to squeeze out . mr. brown again ! harder . come on . bernie ( grunt with effort ) I be ... push ... it , buddy . mr. brown harder ! bernie I be ... push ... it ... asshole ! int . MAIN cabin /727 - night passengers stumble over each other while a flashlight make panicky stab at the darkness , richie cry out for fletcher to wake up , the baby scream . someone 's try to get out the overhead exit , other be hammer at a aft exit . gale slump in she seat , fade in and out of consciousness . above she , across the cant aisle , susan be call out for help ... then , gale' eye flicker with awareness at the sound of a urgent shout ... voice there's a guy open the door . he's open it ! a sudden shadowy surge of movement in the darkness , passengers urgently scramble over seat toward the exit . ext . airplane / river - night bernie give a great heave and go down in the river face first . he 's open the door just wide enough for mr . brown to squirm through the narrow open , then pull mrs . brown through . bernie , sputtering , be try to get to he foot when the browns knock he down again in they frantic rush to get as far away from the burn plane as they can . as bernie struggle to he foot yet again , more passengers be ooze out the door . they brush he aside , splash toward the river bank , while orange flame be flicker wildly now in the tail section . int . MAIN cabin /727 - night leslie be beside the exit , use she flashlight to guide people . her face be bruise and bloody , she uniform tear , but she be courage itself ... leslie once you be outside , immediately move as far away from the aircraft as you can . if you see someone who need help ... scare passengers be struggle to get over the seat that be close to where the floor ought to be . leslie please , everybody , one at a time . please , one at a time . just then the young richie , catch in the surge of passengers , bump into she . richie please , miss , my father can not move . he can not move . leslie grab he and shove he bodily out the narrow exit as she speak urgently ... leslie we will try and help he , you wait outside . get as far away from the plane as you can . just then leslie see the bloody pilot and co- pilot staggering toward she . she help they out the narrow open , half push they . ext . riverbank - night bernie be face be smear with mud ! he stagger out of the water in the flicker of firelight and start search for he shoe on the muddy riverbank . pilot do not stop ! bernie you gonna b uy I a new pair a shoe , pal ? the sound of approach siren cut through the rainy night . ext . airplane / river - night richie be outside the plane , struggle in chest deep water . he look back at the plane , sobbing ... richie dad ! dad ! he do not know what to do . ext . riverbank - night muttering curse , bernie be floundering around on the riverbank when a hand clutches at he sleeve . bernie whirl , he face a mask of mud . find himself face richie . richie Sir ! please , sir . Sir , my father can not move . where ? bernie look around . richie he 's in there ! he 's hurt ! in the plane ? in there ? bernie look at the plane , react ... bernie in there ? listen , kid , the cop be come ... and the firemen . they , uh , they get equipment and stuff for this kindath , they be , uh , expert . the sound of siren , still . a way off . richie clutches at bernie . richie please , sir ! please ! it 's on fire . he can not move . bernie stare into the desperate face ... and suddenly , recklessly , bernie lose it , forget he 's bernie , act like someone else . bernie where be he ? young boy Inside ! he 's in the plane , he ... bernie I know he 's inside . which way ? what 's he name ? int . near the exit / MAIN cabin /727 - moment later ( night ) Chaos and confusion . the smoke be thicker , leslie be upset ... leslie Sir , you can not go back in . Sir , you be block passenger . Sir , no ... bernie , he muddy face unrecognizeable , be push he way into the plane , shoulder cough passengers aside . bernie find himself stand in the choke darkness , passengers push past he . Holy smoke ! this be ridiculous ! what 's he do here ? thicker smoke , can barely see anything , voice cry out in pain and fear . just then he spot something . a flashlight lie on the floor send a useless knife of light ' into the smoky darkness . he grab for it , drop it urgently . bernie Jesus Christ ! the light be in a hand ! he reach again , snatch the light and point it revealing freddy , the other Flight attendant , lie semiconscious on the floor , bloody , groaning . bernie hesitates . then he lean down , still grip the light and half haul freddy toward the nearby exit where leslie be supervise passengers . bernie hey , somebody , grab he , willya ? help this guy , willya , goddamnit ! a man reluctantly turn and , with the help of leslie they manage to shove freddy out the exit . leslie instruct the man ... leslie get he away from the plane , help he . leslie turn back in time to see bernie head back into the darkness , struggle around the stream of passengers . for half a second , leslie be face reveal she amazement at see somebody go back into the the nightmare a second time . then she 's help the next passenger out ... susan and kelly ... susan there 's ( cough cough ) a woman back there . she 's catch . leslie get as far away from the plane as you can . urgently leslie shove they through the door . int . " up the slope " / MAIN cabin /707 - night bernie be struggle aft , up the steep slope of the nose - down plane , cough and cursing in the dark , call out ... bernie mister fletcher ! hey , mister fletcher ! mister fletcher , hey buddy , where be ya , goddamnit ? bernie pan the flashlight ahead of he . the blade of light only cut a few foot through the thicken smoke , revealing only empty seat . bernie fletcher ! hey ( cough cough ) hey , fletcher , speak up , will ya ? don 't be a asshole ! no answer . bernie pan the light , turn and ... a sharp groan ! bernie stumble . he step on someone . bernie fletcher ? pan the light down . bernie shit ! a woman ! gale . semiconscious , in pain , she open she eye . gale p.o.v. : bernie' muddy face look up , all gale can see be a vague vision of a muddy face dimly visible in the spill of the flashlight . back to scene gale my leg 's catch . bernie point the light toward she leg , overpan the leg , the blade of light discover she purse . then he correct the beam back to reveal she leg wedge between two seat . gale can you ... can you get I out of here ? bernie pan the light back to the purse again . bernie yeah , sure . I think . bernie put down the light and struggle she leg loose while gale groan in pain . her head be near the floor light , she eye open . for a moment bernie' face pass through the stationary beam of the flashlight and gale get a glimpse of a smoky , muddy face lean close to she ... a obscure vision ! bernie okay , lady . you gotta make a effort here . I do not happen to be a goddamn bodybuilder . bernie retrieve the flashlight lie near she purse . it 's out of she line of vision , behind she head . he only hesitates for half a second before he hand shoot out for the purse , conceal it under he jacket , and get to he foot . int . exit / area / MAIN cabin /727 - second later ( night ) leslie be help another man out the exit . leslie get away from the plane quickly . it may explode . now she 's alone . heroically she turn back and probe the smoky interior with she flashlight . the blade of light be blunt by the smoky darkness . there 's nothing . leslie hesitates . should she run , save she own life or ...? suddenly bernie step into the beam of she light , emerge from the thick smoke haul gale over he shoulder , he face smudge , unrecognizeable , a heroic vision she'll remember ! bernie gimme a ( cough cough ) hand , willya , honey ? ext . bridge / highway - night siren scream and light flash as more emergency vehicle join the one already park close to the bridge at a safe distance from the burn tail of the plane . a FIRE captain shout " move that piece - a junk " at three firemen who be already push bernie' Toyota off the bridge and away from the airplane while a confusion of paramedics and police hurry to the aid of daze passengers in tear and bloody clothing . firemen train hose on the fiery tail of the plane while the FIRE captain shout ... FIRE captain get ' em back ! get ' em back ! angle on richie stare at the smoking plane in horror when a hand grip he shoulder . turn he find himself look up at the man whose back we see leslie push out of the plane ... fletcher ! richie dad ! oh , dad ! fletcher Son ! thank God ! I could not find you . I be terrify ... terrify . they be hugging . int . exit area /727 cabin - night leslie and bernie be awkwardly push gale' limp body out the exit to a fireman , denton in a asbestos suit just outside . fireman denton ( to Leslie ) you too , miss ! right away ! leslie turn to bernie . leslie I have lose ( cough ) lose count . I think ( cough ) everybody 's out . but bernie be not there ! he 's disappear into the smoke . as she stare in dismay , she hear he yell ... bernie' voice hey , fletcher ! speak up , will ya ? int . MAIN cabin /727 - night cough and choke bernie struggle through the cabin , he light nearly useless now . bernie' voice hey ( cough cough ) fletcher ! nothing ! darkness . bernie can see orange in the black near the tail . Fire ! this be crazy ! time to turn back ! he 's turn toward the exit . when suddenly ... a voice here ! over here ! help I , please . at last ! bernie wave the light in the direction of the voice and stumble that way through the smoke . bernie where the ( cough cough ) hell be ya , buddy ? voice over here . my leg 's break ( cough cough ) . I need help . bernie find a injure man crawl along the floor . bernie lean down and grip he under the armpit . bernie fletcher , right ? the man cry out in pain as bernie half drag he over seat . man aaaaaaaah ! Smith ! bernie you be not fletcher ? bernie let he go . smith please help I . my name 's Smith . bernie look around with the light . thick smoke . flame back toward the tail . bernie I be look for fletcher ! hey , fletcher ! bernie wave the light at the darkness and ... it go out . bernie shit ! bang ! bang ! bernie bang the flashlight against a seat . smith do not leave I . please do not leave I . berniz awright , awright . angrily bernie grab he and haul he urgently toward the exit while smith cry out in pain . bernie do not count yer chicken here , Smith . I can not see shit . ext . airplane / river - night a dazzle worklight shine down from the bridge illuminate the fuselage and the partially open exit as two firemen in asbestos fire suit splash through the water carry gale from the plane . fireman denton stand at the narrow exit , too narrow for he to enter in he bulky asbestos suit and shout through he helmet . fireman denton you have gotta come outta there , miss . right now ! this thing 's gonna go . leslie squeeze out of the exit , look back ... leslie there 's another ... fireman denton ( grab she ) right goddamn now ! come on ! as leslie and fireman denton splash the ten yard to the riverbank flame eat they way toward the wing where the fuel be store . suddenly bernie' voice cut through the chaos ... bernie' voice ( o.s. ) hey ! gimme a hand here . hey you ! in the bunny suit . leslie look back and see bernie awkwardly pull smith out of the narrow exit . fireman denton slog back to bernie . fireman denton I will help he , buddy , you run for it . fireman denton try to grab smith but bernie will not let go . bernie I gat this guy , you go get the guy who 's still in there . fireman denton be lift smith bodily . fireman denton get out of here , pal , she 's gonna blow . bernie you be not goin ' in ? there 's a guy in there ! you get a fuck suit . fireman denton she' gonna explode , you dumb shit . fireman denton start to stagger away from the plane , carry smith . bernie look back at the plane , see the fury of flame and suddenly he splashes through the water after fireman denton . ext . riverbank - second later ( night ) fireman denton be staggering up the slope carry smith when he glance back . he see bernie poke around at the edge of the riverbank . fireman denton hurry ' up , buddy ! in the orange glow of the fire , bernie give a delighted grunt as he find half of what he 's look for ... a single shoe . fireman denton come on , you stupid shit ! bernie I lost my goddamn shoe ! bernie be look around frantically when ... ext . riverbank - night boooooooooom ! bernie be knock backward by a tremendous explosion . suddenly he 's sit in the mud , the night around he bright with flame . bernie Holy shit ! then he 's run , clutching one shoe , no longer worried at all about the other ... baaaaaaaaaaaaa-doooooooooom ! a second blast ! much bigger ! ext . accident scene / highway - night from the relative safety of the road , chucky 's point he vidpak with the Channel four logo at the explode plane . pan the camera from the furious mountain of flame he pick up a marvelous image . chucky ( excited , under he breath ) tight on fire , yes , yes , pull back , flame everywhere , find survivor backlit in orange glow , yes , yes , yes , awesome , major award , cameraman of the year , go chucky , go , baby , how you shoot it . a Flight attendant ( leslie ) in a tear uniform be staggering up the slope follow by a heroic fireman ( denton ) carry a crash victim ( smith ) on he brave shoulder . what a shot ! ext . riverbank - night bernie stand on the riverbank in the pour rain and look back at the burn plane . he shake he head sadly , imagine fletcher in the inferno . bernie sorry , pal . woooo ! what a way to go ! ext . accident scene / highway - night two paramedics be struggle with gale who 's try to get off the stretcher they be put into a ambulance . gale I be okay . please , I be okay , I be a reporter , I ...ow ! paramedic Lady , you be not okay . gale get off the stretcher in spite of they effort and stagger a few foot , grab one of they for support . paramedic miss , please , you have get a break arm . gale it 's my leg . my leg hurt ... ( suddenly shouting ) chucky ! over here , chucky ! chucky ! angle on chucky taping survivor , when he hear gale' voice and look around for she . conklin , the reporter with he , spot she first . conklin Holy shit ! it 's gayley ! angle on the ambulance where gale be half on the stretcher as chucky and conklin rush up to she . conklin gayley ! you be on the plane ? gale this be my story , conk . I do the research . paramedic please , she 's injure , she 's gotta go to the hospital ... chucky be already point the vidcam at she , taping as the paramedics shove she onto the stretcher and into the ambulance with she talk all the way . gale get the Flight attendant , the one who manned the door . also some guy , a passenger , pull I out . talk to he . then get down to the hospital and I will do a interview and a intro and close . make sure ... bang ! the paramedics slam the door behind she . conklin shake he head as chucky lower he camera and the ambulance pull away . conklin she 's a real piece of work ! unbelievable ! " it 's 'my story , I do the research . " chucky you be not go to believe the shot I get back there . Major Award ! angle on bernie wear only one shoe he limp right past chucky and conklin , unnotice in the confusion of firemen , paramedics , and survivor . angle on richie and fletcher stand between a ambulance and a firetruck , father and son be hugging each other warmly . they do not notice bernie trudging past they and he do not notice they . angle on bernie reacting with sudden horror at something he see . angle on the bridge the spot where bernie leave he car . firemen be spraying retardant on the firey fuselage of the plane . no sign of the car ! bernie Christ ! my car ! where 's my car ? bernie moan mournfully and suddenly a state police officer be at he side . state police officer where be you hurt , sir ? bernie huh ? hurt ? what ? bernie be urgently concerned with the purse poorly conceal under he jacket . state police officer how about come over to the ambulance , sir , let the medical people check you out . the state police officer have a hand on the arm bernie be use to keep the purse under he jacket . bernie ( pull away ) hey , I do not need no ambulance . I be just look for my car ... it musta burn up or something . the purse be visible though the officer have not yet notice it . he 's patronize bernie , insist . state police officer you be not in you car , sir , you be in a airplane crash . but everything 's go to be okay , we will just go see the doctor and ... just then mrs . brown rush up and clutches the officer , grab he arm . mrs . brown please , please , my husband 's be wait for medical attention ... as she pull the officer away , bernie hide the purse deeper under he coat , breathes a sigh of relief ... and notice something ! bernie' Pov of he car virtually unrecognizable , move to the side of the bridge , bury under a mountain of fire retardant foam . angle on bernie limp up to he car , wiping the foam off the windshield . bernie this shit have gotta be great for the paint job ! int . joey' bedroom / eveylyn' house - night Dark except for the eerie flicker of the tv set . joey be in bed , surreptitiously watch the tv , turn very low . bang ! crack ! gunshot ? not from the tv , from outside . joey scramble out of bed and head for the window . joey' p.o.v. : ext . evelyn' house - night bernie be get out of he Toyota in the glow of a streetlight . it 's still raining . berie be soaking wet , wiping off he face . he trudge toward the house wear only one shoe . ext . front door / evelyn' house - later ( night ) the door swing open violently , revealing evelyn stand in the doorway look furious . she 's thirty - five , tough , plain , not ugly . evelyn he wait for you three hour ! bernie you be not gonna believe this , Evelyn ! absolutely fantastic ! I be on my way -- evelyn I be so tired of you bullshit , bernie . bernie ev , it 's not my fault ! I be try to tell you this incredible -- evelyn it 's never you fault , bernie ! never ever ! you screw up my life , now you be gonna screw up joey 's life , but you be never gonna accept responsibility for anyth -- bernie be he here , you friend . the fireman ? evelyn he have a emergency call ... a real emergency . bernie why doncha let I in so we do not wake everybody in the neighborhood ? int . live room / evelyn' house - moment later suburban . inexpensive furniture . evelyn and bernie ranting ... bernie willya lemme talk for chrissake ? I be try to tell you what happen . what happen be ... evelyn the same thing that always happen ! you blow it ! and this time you break you son 's heart instead of mine ! he be so proud , look forward to go to a movie with he father ... and you let he down ! like you let everybody down , always ! what do you do , take a mudbath ? angle on joey eye wide , crouch at the top of the staircase in he pyjamas , spying on he parent in the live room below . angle on bernie and evelyn bernie that 's what I be try to ... to ... okay , nevermind . just lemme talk to joey to ... to apologize . evelyn he 's in bed ! you be not gonna wake he and make he crazy , do you understand ? he come home from the zoo , he want to know if elliot 's a " war hero " like you ... he want to know how many people you kill ... bernie " elliot " ? the heroic goddamn fireman ? evelyn I have to explain you tendancy to " exaggerate " , how you be actually " in country " all of two week and how you kill about as many people as the other clerk - typist in you outfit , no more , no less ... bernie Three week , ev. I do not tell he I kill anybody ... evelyn maybe not , ... but you let he believe it ! and then I gotta explain about the homeless ... bernie the homeless ! evelyn how not all of they own apartment complex , how not all of they play the stock market , how not all of they rent baby when they be panhandle . he 's ten year old , bernie ! impressionable ! angle on joey watch from the staircase . angle on bernie and evelyn bernie listen , it 's important , ev , I gotta see he , I get my reason , very goddamn important ... evelyn use the phone , bernie , call he tomorrow , he would like to hear from you . where 's you other shoe ? never mind ! I do not want to know . some fantastic adventure , right ? something really crazy . bernie I be give he some advice be all . prepare he for life . you do not want he to grow up soft , ev , it 's tough out there , it 's a goddamn jungle . evelyn ( firmly , open the door ) back to the jungle , bernie . good night . ext . front door / evelyn' house - night bernie step out and the door slam hard behind he . he pause , sigh , start toward he car ... ext . / int . bernie' toyota / parked - a moment later ( night ) as bernie get in the car he notice the purse stick out from under the passenger seat where he hide it . he reach down , take the purse , rummages in it , pull out the Silver Mike , glance at it , might be worth something , pocket it move on to the wallet , the credit card , the cash ... some hundred , fifty ' , twenty ... int . live room / evelyn' house - moment later ( night ) evelyn be shutting off the last of the light and start up the stair when the doorbell ring . evelyn scowl . she 's furious . ext . front door / evelyn' house - night the door open and evelyn stand there scowling . bernie hold out a twenty dollar bill . bernie sorry , ev , to bother you again . this be for joey , he reward ... for this wallet he find . when I , uh , return it I tell the guy he hadda give my kid something for find it , for the honesty . so the kid would learn how honestly pay . eye meet . she do not believe it for a moment and he know it . bernie just give it to he , okay , ev? ext . highway - later ( night ) a airhorn blare , a truck thunder past bernie , who 's push he Toyota to the side of the road , steering one - hand from outside . ext . highway - later yet ( night ) a blonde girl toss a empty beer can from the window of a speed car full of laugh teenager . the can clatter to the road beside bernie who lower he " hitch-hike thumb " as the car speed off leave he alone . ext . heavy traffic / freeway - dawn ( hour later ) rush hour ! bumper to bumper traffic ooze toward the city . we hear a voice ! bubber' voice ( o.s. ) you actually go into it ? a burn airplane ? bernie' voice ( o.s. ) " into it " ! " into it " , for chrissake ! I be practically live in the goddamn thing ... every time I turn around , some other person want I to save them . look for the voice , we move in on a single lane of crawl traffic and finally focus on a batter , rusted 76 chevy with a crumpled fender , a trunk tie close and crack window ... int . chevy / moving / freeway - dawn bernie be sit on bare spring and tatter of upholstery in the passenger seat , muddy , rumple , weary ... bernie ( continue ) could not see a fuck foot in front of I , smoke ... then booooom ! it explode ! I could be dead ! JOHN bubber be at the wheel , a shabbily dress , tired , haunt man . he give bernie a look . should he believe ? bubber and you pull people out ? you be ... a hero . bernie Nah , I fuck it up . I be tryin ' to impress this kid , do not ask I why . I be gonna rescue he old man , but I could not find the poor bastard . he musta blow up . ( then ... ) I get the hell outta there . I do not have the nerve to face the kid . bubber ( thoughtful , serious ) a lotta people would not have try . it be pretty brave even try ... bernie try stupid . bubber brake for traffic and a cardboard box from the back seat hit bernie and cascade crush can all over he . bubber sorry about that . just toss they in back . ( very serious ) a lot of people would say that 's what heroism be ... stupidity . do something that if you think about it , you would not do it , it 's not in you ... interest . bernie indicate the clutter of can . bernie you get a drink problem or what ? bubber I sell they at the recycle center . give I a little for gas and food . bernie ( consider the back seat ) look like you live in here , for chrissake ! bubber in bad weather , yeah . mostly I camp out in the wood . I think maybe you be down on you luck too when I pick you up . bubber indicate bernie be muddy , tear clothes , stock foot . bernie down on my luck ! hey , I toldja , a goddamn plane fall on I outta the sky . in America , for chrissake ! see this shoe ! hundre dollar pair of shoe . one shoe ! bubber glance at the shoe bernie be wave . bubber you should give it to someone with only one leg . bernie one leg ! like the Red Cross or something ? bubber I know a guy who only have one leg . bernie drop the shoe on the floor , shake he head , disgust . bernie sell it to he . you get a couple buck , it pay for the ride . ( a beat , then ... ) I get a job , nice apartment . I do okay . bubber they interview you or anything ? at the plane crash ? bernie hey , do I look crazy ? I do not go for that shit ... interview , media . they be manipulator . " keep a low profile , " that 's my motto . ext . freeway - dawn the chevy inch forward as the traffic move again , head slowly toward the city . bernie' voice ( o.s. ) ( continue , grandly ) besides , I get this legal problem . my attorney do not want I give statement to the press . traffic be still crawl . int . hospital room - day gale sit up in bed in spite of a i.v. in one arm and a cast on the other . there 's a big bandage across the bridge of she nose and she leave leg be also heavily bandage ... gale . I do not understand . you can not find he ? she stare incredulously at she trio of visitor , conklin , chucky , and deakins . deakins , uncomfortable outside he office , be awkwardly try to vase a bouquet of flower . deakins there 's a lot of confusion around what go on last night , it 's not clear ... gale you say all the passenger be account for ... deakins apparently the guy who pull you out be not a passenger ... a nurse gracefully relieve deakins of the flower he 's destroy and skillfully vase they while gale question ... gale a paramedic ? a fireman ? he do not have a uniform ... conklin from what we could get , there 's a kind of ... sort of ... " mystery guy " ... involved . deakins we be piece together different account and ... gale a " mystery guy ! " " not a passenger . " who ? conklin we do not know who he be , he ... deakins he disappear . gale ( incredulous ) a non-passenger , non-rescue - worker go into a burn plane and pull I out and ... disappear ? gale start to get up , struggle with cover , i.v. , etc . conklin not just you . apparently this guy be the one who open the emergency exit from the outside ... deakins everybody ! he save everybody on the plane ! because of he , no fatality ! I do not think you be suppose to move around like that , gale . you be attach there ... gale be get out of bed , the i.v. still insert in she arm . int . hospital room - later ( day ) leslie look directly into the camera as chucky tape she over gale be shoulder . leslie and all of a sudden , this ... " civilian " ... rush into the plane . next thing you know he 's haul freddy ... he 's the other flight attendant ... out and then he go back in . ( a beat , a tear , then ... ) that 's what give I the courage to hang in there even though I know the plane could blow any minute ... gale what do he look like ? int . hospital room - later ( day ) mr. smith be be interview in he bed . he 's emotional ... mr. smith it be just this face , all dirty , it just appear . I really think I be go to die . gale do he say anything to you ? mr. smith he ... ask if I be " fletcher . " int . office / carpet care - day a man name robinson , fifty , sloppy , scream apoplectically ... robinson one word ! one word , laplante , and you're fire ! got that ? one word ! exhausted , shoeless bernie follow robinson in the cluttere carpet Care Office ... bernie Bill , I ... robinson don't say " bill , " bernie ! don 't say one word ! didn 't I say " one word and you're fire ? " bernie I ... robinson you know why ? because it will be a excuse ! it will be " bernie laplante excuse number four thousand one hundre and six . " no , four thousand one hundre and twelve . that's how many excuse you have give I , I keep track of they electronically . I heard they all , bernie . bernie Bill , I get some legal problem and I ... robinson that's it ! you talked ! you 're fire ! outta here ! get outta here ! bernie Bill , listen ... robinson out ! I toldja . jesus christ , I got customer waiting ! a ' you be gonna go out like that ? a ' meet the public in stocking -fucking -feet ? bernie Bill , I get financial problem and ... robinson I don't care about you problem , i'm gonna think about my problem . you 're one a my problem . get out ! out ! out ! ext . CITY STREET - minute later ( day ) bernie be trudging wearily up the busy sidewalk , dirty , tatter and shoeless , bernie do not notice bubber stare in the window of a electronics store where dozen of television screen show the burn fuselage of Flight 104 . int . live room / fletcher home - day chucky shoot over gale' shoulder as she interview fletcher in he live room . gale he be ask for Mr. fletcher ... fletcher my son and I get separate in the confusion and smoke . the very courageous stewardess at the exit tell I my boy have get out so I get out too . but my son have already tell this ... man that I be still in there . ext . apartment house / CITY STREET - day dishevel , in stock foot , bernie trudge wearily up the front step of the shabby apartment house where he life , enter . int . richie' room / fletcher home - minute later ( day ) poster , youthy icon . chucky shoot gale interview richie . richie I think my dad be still ... still in there . so I ask the man to save my father . gale what do the man say , richie ? richie he say ... uh ... he say ... ( not sure , think , then ... ) " I will save he . " he say , " I will save you father . " int . bernie' apartment - day the door open and bernie enter . he pull the content of gale' wallet from he pocket and toss they on a table ... the plastic window full of credit card and cash . then he pull off he jacket , ruefully inspect a tear in the muddy sleeve . he 's about to toss it on the ratty sofa when he notice it feel funny . he reach in another pocket and pull out the Silver Mike Award , consider it for a moment . what 's it worth ? sitting on the sofa , he lean back ... and start to doze off . video image / ext . " exploding " plane - night frame by frame the image inch forward , sweeping off the fire that fill the screen to the riverbank ... frame by frame ... fire ... fire ... fire ... then faster as the riverbank be darken the frame and then leslie and the third fireman sweep into the foreground as the camera discover they ... the dramatic shot we remember of they come up the riverbank . gale' voice ( o.s. ) back . go back . you miss it . Zip zip zip the image highspeed back to the explode plane . again the screen be fill with fire ... gale' voice ( o.s. ) now . go forward again . Frame by frame the blossom of fire bloom consume the plane . gale' voice ( o.s. ) keep go . int . edit BAY - day reveal : gale in a editing bay at Channel four , peer intently at the fiery scene on the video monitor while the young tape editor , joan , operate the control . conklin , deakins , parker , chucky flank gale . gale there ! right there . on the screen ( ext . airplane - night ) a tiny silhouett figure appear in the far right corner of the frame . then , as one more frame click off , the figure appear near the center of the next frame of the pan . the picture freeze there , a startling dramatic image of a unrecognizable figure ( bernie ) in silhouette , dwarf by the gigantic explosion . it be a awesome image . no artist or ad man could do better ... a tiny , anonymous figure , alone , against a gigantic mountain of pure FIRE . and from now on it will be referred to as " the image . " int . edit BAY - day deakins that 's he ? gale who else ? we have account for everyone else . that 's we hero ! she stare at " the image . " it 's powerful , stir . chucky I do not see the guy when I shot it . I think I be get the last survivor when I pan over . deakins any chance we could do some kind of electronic enhancement , you think ? get a clear picture , identify he ? joan ( peer closely at the screen ) there 's no face really , nothing to work with . Big dot , that 's all you will get . gale look at the guy ! he just save fifty people . now he 's go to disappear . who be he ? int . bernie' apartment - day uuuuhhhhooooooow ! bernie snore loudly , asleep on he sofa , still in he rumple , tear clothes . he snore again . montage : television screen in car , home , tv store video image : int . richie' bedroom - day on the screen , richie be talk directly at the camera , the interview in he room on videotape ... richie / tv he say ... uh , he say ... " I will save you father . " video image : int . hospital room - day leslie appear on screen , she interview ... leslie / tv -- all of a sudden , this ... civilian ... he rush into the plane . video image : freddy hospital room - day freddy appear talk directly at the camera ... freddy / tv I wake up in a ambulance . Leslie , the other flight attendant , tell I the guy drag I to the exit . video image : int . hospital room - day Leslie appear on the screen again ... leslie / tv " here , give this guy a hand , " he say . the next thing I know , he be go back in there , into all that smoke ... video image : int . hospital room - day mr. smith appear on the screen ... mr. smith / tv I be crawl around on the floor . I think I be a goner ! off the screen /montage young people , old people , rich people , poor people , convict , dentist , black people , brown people , white people , chinese people be watch the report in ... - home - barbershop - electronics showroom - jail cell - skid row HOTEL lobby - shadow lounge chick watch the report . - classroom joey watch the report in a classroom . - evelyn' kitchen evelyn watch the report in she kitchen . - alley bubber be listen to the report on a radio in a alley . on the screen video image : int . tv studio - day gale , bandage , caste , stand in front of a blue screen . gale / tv -- out of the darkness ... out of the smoke and the fear ... come a man with no name ... no uniform ... but a abundance of courage . the camera zoom in slowly on gale and simultaneously dissolves slowly to ... " the image " . it fill the screen as gale narrate voiceover ... gale' voiceover / tv a man who be think not about himself but about other , risk he own life for ours ... ( a beat then ... ) he 's out there now somewhere ... and ... whoever you be , I , and the other survivor of Flight 104 , say , " thank you ! God bless ! " music swell as the camera zoom in on " the image " emphasize the tiny figure alone in the frame surround by fire ... int . deakins ' office - day flanke by gale and chucky , deakins be watch the precede material on the monitor . deakins not bad . but if you gotta wear a cast , you oughtta feature it more it 's parta the story . ( see wallace enter the room ) Network 's take everything we give them . they wanta feed off we six o'clock whether we find the mystery guy or not . we be very big nationally . wallace it 's a wonderful piece . emotional . I love it . deakins we be gonna feature gale 's cast more . the trick be gonna be keep the upper hand on this piece . as long as we have gale and there 's no mystery guy , we be the center of the story . but if he show up and somebody else get he first or exclusive ... wallace what about a reward for come forward ? deakins answer a ringing phone . gale frown , fret . gale there could be problem with something like that mister wallace . what if ...? deakins ( into phone ) what ? they found what ? everybody look at deakins . int . live room / evelyn' house - night ignoring the open schoolbook on the floor in front of he , joey be sprawle on the floor , eye on the tv screen . on the screen : ext . crash site - night a close - up of a muddy shoe widen to reveal the shoe nestle in gale be sling on top of she cast . she address the camera from a spot directly in front of the crash site while behind she workmen comb the wreckage under bright halogen light . gale / voiceover / tv a phone check with survivor have confirm that the shoe do not belong to any of the crew or passenger of Flight 104 . several witness recall the mysterious man who save fifty - four people refer to he miss shoe . the conclusion ; the unknown hero , know to many as " the angel of Flight 104 , " wear a size 10b shoe . evelyn' voice ( o.s. ) joey ! dinner ! now ! turn that thing off . int . evelyn' house - night elliot be at the table with evelyn as joey join they . joey he lose a shoe ! evelyn who lose a shoe ? wash you hand . joey the " unknown hero . " they find he shoe right beside the plane crash . elliot superman , you mean ? lose a shoe ! what next ? evelyn elliot ! the man save hundred of people ! elliot fifty-four ! I be there , remember ? you know why I do not rush into that plane ? because I be a train fireman , that 's why ! part of a team ! a discipline team . we take risk all the time , save people . but we do not take crazy chance . this guy do something really dumb and he luck out . so the media go crazy about he shoe for god 's sake ! what kind of message be they give to youth ? evelyn ( indicate joey ) what kind of message be you give to youth ? sneer at someone for stick he neck out . you sound like my ex for heaven 's sake ... mister cynicism . elliot get up , shrug . elliot so what can I say ? give you ex credit for be smart enough not to do something stupid . maybe the man 's not all bad . I be gonna watch tv , hope it 's not all this " superman stuff . " elliot walk over to the tv and turn it on , leave joey and evelyn alone . joey be excited . joey my father do not have he shoe on when he ... when he come here . evelyn ( surprised ) you be in bed . be not you ? joey I ... I see he out the window . evelyn frown , hesitates a moment . be the kid listen ? then ... evelyn you think you father would do something like that ? rescue people ? ( sadly ) you father be bernie laplante , joey . it 's against he religion to stick he neck out . angle on the tv ( int . news set - night ) where a anchorperson speak from a news set . channel 4 anchorperson / tv -- where the leader of a religious group claim today that the mysterious hero be , in fact , a angel who be anticipate in scripture . int . shadow lounge - night wash glass behind the bar , chick be watch the same show on the tv over the bar when he turn to see bernie enter ( wear a brand new pair of cheap run shoe . ) chick bernie , how 'sa kid ? bernie you do not wanna know , chick , you do not wanna know . that guy be in here ? chick ( pour a 7&7 ) you in business with that guy or what ? I would not want a problem for the establishment , bern . bernie you could not have a problem , chick , because I personally have get they all . I cornere the whole goddamn market . you would not believe ... oh , how ya doin ' ...? espinosa and vargas have enter the bar . they have another guy with they , mendoza . espinosa we bring we frenn this time , okay ? something about mendoza spell trouble . it 's almost palpable . bernie do not notice , but chick do . he look worried . bernie Excuse I here , chick , I gotta do this guy a little favor . angle on booth as bernie , mendoza and espinosa slide into a booth intent on business , espinosa look around for vargas and spot he linger back at the bar watch the tv . espinosa ( call out to vargas ) hey , vato ! vamo . angle on the bar where vargas and chick be stare at the screen . angle on the tv screen : int . news set - night where the anchorperson be introduce wallace who stand there in a suit and tie look ill at ease ... channel 4 anchorperson / tv -- bring you a special announcement from Channel four station manager , James wallace . frame alone now , wallace smile awkwardly at the camera . wallace good evening . we at Channel four , like you , have be stir by the courage and ... espinosa's voice ( o.s. ) hombre ! por aqui ! int . shadow lounge - night angle on vargas eye linger on the tv , back toward the booth . angle on booth bernie have spread gale' credit card on the table in front of espinosa and mendoza . espinosa examine they , question bernie ... espinosa how many you get there ? eight ? ten ? vargas slide into the booth before bernie can answer . vargas they offer he a million dollar reward . mendoza who ? vargas the " plane crash guy " . espinosa ( to bernie ) be that all of they ? eight ? bernie ( distract ) what " plane crash guy " ? vargas the one - shoe dude who save all that people , man . Channel four gonna give he a million for a interview . espinosa try to turn bernie be attention back to " business . " espinosa come. on , hombre , we doin ' business here . you get more or not ? angle on chick watch the tv angle on the tv screen ( int . news set - night ) where wallace be conclude ... wallace / tv the offer be absolutely unconditional . all he have to do , be satisfy we reporter , gale gayley , and the other passenger who have contact with he that he be indeed the brave man who ... bernie' voice ( o.s. ) ( yell ) hey ! what the hell be this ? what' goin ' on here ? int . shadow lounge - night angle on chick turn , see a commotion at the booth . angle on the booth where mendoza be handcuff the outrage bernie while espinosa read he he rights ... espinosa you have the right to remain silent , you have the right to -- bernie hey , this be bullshit ! do you guy know who I be ? you know where I get the goddamn plastic ? I get a million buck come . I be the guy who ... espinosa ( continue ) you have the right to the counsel of a attorney ... angle on chick watch bernie be hustle out of the bar , handcuff , protest loudly . bernie chick , call my attorney ! this be bullshit ! entrapment ! I got a million buck coming , for chrissake ! montage : printing presses - day newspaper roll off the press one after another . the time feature " the image " with a headline over the firey scene trumpete " a angel for flight 104 ? " the mirror be tighter on the image feature a enlargement of the silhouette of bernie with a headline ask " who be he ? " the herald feature a full page photo of the single muddy shoe with a headline super over it announce " search for mr. cinderella ! " and finally the tribune scream in massive black letter " one million dollar reward ! " ext . STREET corner / CITY - day a news vendor be wave a paper and shouting ... news vendor one million dollar reward to the unanimous hero ! one million buck for the " angel " who save fifty people and take off ! a woman walk by with a tee-shirt feature " the image . " the spectacular picture look great on the contour of she chest ! ext . tv station - day parker , the youthful Channel four gofer / runner , move along a seemingly endless line of wannabe heroe that stretch along the sidewalk outside Channel four and disappear around the corner . he 's address they at the top of he lung ... parker please , if you foot isn 't a size 10 -b , don't remain in line . we're only seeing size 10 - B " heroe . " groans and catcall from the wannabe , as we move along the line , eavesdropp on various wannabe ... african american thass a racist perspective , assume that because something heroic be do that a white man do it . a man with mud on he face could be a man of any color , most likely be , which be true in this case cause it be I ! with mud all over I . two other wannabe be squaring off to fight ... 1st fighter you call I a liar , I be gonna kick you ass . 2 nd fighter hey , it 's not just I sayin ' you be not no hero . everybody in the goddamn line say you be not the hero . another wannabe can you believe this ? must be more than a thousand phony after my reward . a wannabe with mud smear on he face spot gale approach the front door of the station , a look of amazement on she face at the length of the line . mud -face wannabe hey , miss gayley ! hey , gale ! remember I ? i'm the guy ! I save you life ! remember -- Rolling she eye good naturedly , gale walk briskly up the step to the front door of the station , pass parker who 's measure a tall wannabe be foot . the tall wannabe call out to she . tall wannabe my foot 's only eight and a half but I wear a ten B for the comfort . I swear ! ( she keep walk ) hey , miss gayley , I save you life ! just as gale be about to enter the tv station , parker catch up to she . parker hey , miss gayley , there 's a cop look for you . from robbery detail , Inspector dayton . he want you to call he . gale what about ? parker I do not ask he . gale call he back . ask he . ( indicate the line ) I be a little ... busy . gale disappear into the tv Station . int . deakins ' office - day wallace be look down at the line of wannabe . int . courtroom - day judge goine be address a miserable look criminal ... judge goine bail in this matter will remain in the sum of five thousand dollar . next . discover mendoza , espinosa and vargas carry on a whisper discussion with a African american detective ( dayton ) in the spectator section ( as the court proceedings continue in the background ) . mendoza indicate something at the rear of the room to dayton who follow he look . dayton be p.o.v. a group of prisoner have just be lead in the side door from a hold cell and a bailiff be remove the handcuffs that tie the prisoner together . one of the prisoner be bernie laplante . donna approach he as the bailiff uncuff he . she speak to he but she word be inaudible to dayton . angle on dayton as he watch bernie from a distance , nod affirmatively to something mendoza whisper in he ear . we realize we will be see dayton again ... angle on donna astonished , reacting to bernie in a sharp whisper ... donna " the angel of Flight 104 ! " you be tell I you be the a ...? bernie ( whisper ) " angel ! " I do not say " angel , " that 's a little strong . listen , here 's the thing , I gotta get over there to the tv station to collect my million buck . donna mister laplante , I really want to help you , but crazy storey be only go to make it worse . the d.a. be ask you bail be set at twenty - five thousand dollar because you be arrest again while you be out on bail ... bernie twenty - five grand be peanut ! all you gotta do be get I outta here long enough to collect . bailiff the people versus Bernard laplante . judge goine scowl at the sight of bernie move toward he talk already . bernie you honor , my attorney here say the prosecutor there want twenty - five grand bail ... donna look horrify , the judge furious ... judge mister laplante , you will be silent unless the court recognize you ... bernie ( continue grandly ) -- which be fine by I . I get no problem with that at all . in fact , you honor , I would be proud to double it . fifty grand ! a tip for " the people , " you honor , if I could just ... goine be bang he gavel angrily , glaring at bernie , not notice a second bailiff hurry into the courtroom . judge goine mister laplante , unless you stop chatter immediately , I be go to ask the bailiff to ... judge goine break off , eye furious , as he spot bailiff clay , the Court reporter , do taglio and the second bailiff engage in urgent whisper . judge goine damnit ! I say I wanted order ! clay sorry , you honor ... second bailiff we get carry away . detaglio they find he . judge goine found who ? clay the " angel of Flight 104 " . second bailiff it be on the news ! just now ! he 's gonna be on Channel four at noon ! bernie react , jaw sagging in disbelief . the judge sneak a hasty look at he watch . judge goine we will sustain bail at twenty - five thousand dollar . that ought to keep mister laplante out of trouble for a minute or two ... donna but you honor , my client be a responsible family man with limited resource who ... [ page 66 be missing from the script ] gale but finally you do come forward . why ? bubber look she right in the eye , give a sheepish grin . bubber / tv the money , gale . I would not have come forward at all if it be not for the reward . gale' voice ( o.s. ) cut right there , right on that look ! int . edit BAY - day reveal gale in a editing room look over editor joan be shoulder as joan freeze the image and make a note . joan you do not mention he be cute . gale be stare intently at bubber be modest , humble face freeze on the screen . gale he save my life . video image ( int . tv studio ) the humble , honest face of bubber , freeze frame as gale' voice narrate ... gale / tv voice over -- be shocked to learn that the hero who appear out of the smoke and the fire and pull they to safety be indigent and tragically have not sleep in a bed in more than three year . int . day room / jail - day see bubber be honest face on the tv screen in the day room enrage bernie ... bernie the guy 's a fake , for chrissake ! he 's a goddamn homeless bum . he be not no here , trust I on this , buddy . prisoner , stand in a group under the tv turn from the screen to bernie , like " who 's this asshole ? " a big prisoner glare at bernie ominously ... big prisoner " trust you " ! int . deakins ' office - day the office have become command - central . reporter hurry in and out , tear off fax , answer the phone , chatter at each other , gale among they . wallace be fretting to deakins ... wallace I think they would all go " it 's he ! it 's he ! " and hug the guy or something . deakins relax , wally . he have the shoe and the shoe check out . wallace do this mean I can stop worry ? where would we put he ? deakins drake Hotel , penthouse suite . never stop worry . I figure we will do a sidebar on what it 's like to go from sleep in you car and collect can to sleep in the poshest suite in town . also gale 's onto something , digging into he background . parker rush up to gale ... parker Excuse I , Ms. gayley . that guy Inspector dayton ... he 's recover a bunch of you credit card and he want ... gale who ? parker Inspector dayton , the cop from robbery detail who be look for you . they catch the guy who steal you credit card try to sell they and he want ... gale nobody steal my credit card . they burn up in the crash . which remind I , do you get I cash ? and what about the reservation ? [ page 69-71 be missing from the script ] int . common room / jail - night surrounded by the jailhouse cacophony , bernie stare glumly at a plate of shit on a shingle in front of he while close at hand a tough prisoner snarl at another prisoner ... tough prisoner # 1 you mess with I , I be gonna cut yer heart out and eat it . int . fancy restaurant - night the captain finish scribbling and seize the menus . captain very good , sir . it 's a special privilege to serve you . bubber smile uneasily as the haughty captain glide away . bubber uh , er ... I ... gale ( amused and charme ) you be say you do not want a million dollar . bubber ( blurt ) well , I be not entitle to a million dollar . I ... I ... do not expect ... I do not expect ... gale all the adulation ? it make you feel like a fake , do not it ? bubber uh , actually ... yes ... I ... should never have come forward and present myself as -- just then a distinguished millionaire on the way to he table bark gruffly at bubber ... millionaire you be a credit to the goddamn human race . coulda be I in that plane . or my family . bubber uh , thank you . gale instant celebrity be overwhelming to anybody . you have know John bubber all you life , you be use to he , you know you be the same human be you be before all the excitement . so you feel like a fraud ... bubber yes . gale ... unworthy of the adoration . we all do . a bluehaire matron , extravagantly bejewel , pause to loom over bubber on she way out . matron I be go to donate a half million to charity in you name . would small animal be all right ? bubber ( startle ) uh , " small animal " ? matron ( delighted ) I know a man like you would adore small animal . God bless you , mister bubber . ( to gale ) and you , my dear , you do so much for woman . and then she 's go in a swish of silk , leave bubber stunne . bubber be she ... serious ? a half a million dollar ? in my behalf ? gale you be a celebrity , John . people be go to want to please you ... or use you ... or both . bubber hear this , digest it , consider it . he take a bite of food , think . ext . restaurant - night as the door to the restaurant open , bubber find himself blind by winking electronic flash and sun gun . a crowd of fan and media engulf he and gale . it 's overwhelming . we see eager face and blinding flash from bubber be p.o.v. and hear the cacophony of question . gale too be adrift in a churn sea of media and onlooker . police officer move close to help guide gale and bubber to a wait limo . angle on bubber be p.o.v . again we see the chaos from bubber be p.o.v. , a policeman be reach to help he . just then bubber glimpsis something else ... beyond the crowd in the fringe ... homeless people in the shadow , some applaud he , too shy to come forward . in particular , bubber be eye fall on a ungainly man , he own age , dress in rag and carry a big garbage bag and another net sack full of can . it be a stunning image ! it 's as though bubber be look at himself ! the door to the limo be open . gale and several policemen be try to get bubber into the limo and out of the clutches of the enthusiastic crowd . gale come on , John . but bubber be not pay attention to she . he 's turn to face the eager crowd , raise he arm . bubber hey , hey , uh , take it easy . angle on gale look alarmed , then amaze . the crowd be still alive and buzzing , but they be respect bubber be space as he accept a autograph book from a young woman , sylvia , and speak shyly . bubber you , uh , want I to sign this ? uh , what 's you name ? sylvia ( weak in the knee , smitten ) s-sylvia . bubber ( almost shy ) hey , if I sign this , will you do I a favor ? her companion be already teasing she as they thrust piece of paper , magazine at he to sign . angle on gale watch in disbelief . angle on bubber signing one after another as he address all that close to he . bubber what I would like be ... ( address the group ) -- maybe some of the rest of you could help sylvia here -- what I would like be if you would scrounge up some blanket -- use one , fifty maybe -- and take them to the folk down at the corner of fifth and Grand . pass them out . cameras be roll , gale watch , amaze . fat kid fifth and Grand ! skinny kid he mean the homeless people . the bum . bubber it get cold down there at night . and you will feel warmer for every person you give a blanket to . gale' knit she brow , try to reconcile this performance with the apparent yokel she have dinner with a short time ago . int . limo / moving - moment later bubber look back at the crowd as the limo pull away . bubber I will bet they do it . I will bet they get some blanket . gale look at bubber , reevaluate he . int . HOTEL lobby - later - night as bubber and gale cross the luxurious lobby , again the center of attention , a gorgeous blonde , very leggy , practically plaster she plunging neckline against bubber . gorgeous blonde uplift ! what you do be so uplift ! you be a saint , John bubber ! bubber have trouble untangle he eye from she tit . bubber uh , no . but I , uh , wonder if you could up support ... support a program to help the needy and ... gale ( hackles raise ) John , I be sure she could support just about anything . ( steering he away ) I think I will see you to you room . a sort of bodyguard . make sure no harm come to you . gale usher the daze bubber toward a bank of elevator and prevent other from join they in the elevator . int . elevator - second later gale be mood change to amusement as she and bubber ascend alone . giggle , she " point " she chest at bubber . gale uh , if you could , just , uh , support , uh , a small airfield ... bubber ( embarrassed ) it 's be sometime since , uh , I receive any , uh , of that kind of , uh ... attention . a couple of ... year . gale stop giggle . they eye meet . a charge moment . gale year ? ( then ... ) there be go to be lot of ... opportunity . bubber gale ... you be a very nice person . I would not want to hurt you ... in any way ... they be struggle against a embrace that seem inevitable ... gale I ... I know that , John ... bubber you ... you think I save you ... life . I can not take advantage .... gale you do save my life ! and it 's I ! I would be take advantage of you ! I be a reporter , John , a experience professional ... I ... inevitably they embrace , kiss , can not help themselves . bubber disengage suddenly , distraught . bubber I ... no ... I do not have the right ... I ... gale no , I do not have the right . you be a news story ! bubber uh , right . a... news story . she push he out the elevator door . gale I know the truth , John . I be fly in some guy from you unit in Vietnam tomorrow . interviewing they live on network hookup ! bubber ( stunne ) Vietnam ! gale goodnight , John . int . bedroom / drake suite bubber wander into the bedroom of the fabulous suite ... in a daze . he stare at bernie be shoe on the floor . he shake he head as if to clear it . television screen : int . tv studio - day a fortyish black man , tom weller , appear on the screen ... tom / tv next thing I know , I be in this medical unit a ' I see the other dude , the one who be with I when we get jump , the one who I think be dead . there he be in the next bed . I say " how would we get here , brother ? we dead or what ? " he say , " that crazy white brother , johnny bubber , he come back for we , haul we out . " he shoulda be write up , get a medal , but it be fate . be not no officer around to observe it or nothing . television screen : int . tv studio - day a fortyish redneck type , charlie bacon , be speak to camera . charlie / tv screen the sonofagun go out in the paddy , pull we outta there , one after the other , six guy . hey , it do not surprise I one bit it be johnny bubber go into that plane ! bernie voice ( o.s. ) fifty buck say the asshole be never even in Vietnam . int . day room jail - day bernie be furious , glaring at the tv , surround by prisoner . tough prisoner # 2 shut you face , dirt bag ... that guy 's a goddamn hero and you be nothin ' but a cynical little turd . on the screen ( int . tv studio - day ) bubber be embrace weller , charlie and several other veteran as gale narrate ... gale / voice over / tv after a emotional reunion , bubber 's fellow veteran watch as station manager James wallace present bubber with a check for one million dollar ... surrounded by applaud media type , spectator and veteran , bubber be accept the check ... gale / tv as bubber react to he sudden wealth , word come that the Secretary of the Army , respond to a urgent resolution from the Senate have confer on John bubber the Medal of honor . this for he action in Vietnam more than 20 year ago , heroism that be not acknowledge at the time because it be not witness or report by a rank officer . later I speak to he about he sudden change in circumstance ... bubber appear full screen , head and shoulder , interview footage . he 's shy and awkward at first ... tentative ... then gain confidence as he speak ... bubber / tv well , I do not feel ... right ... about all that money , miss gayley . that 's too much money for one person . what I be gonna do be donate , uh , most of it to different organization like the homeless vet and stuff , and start up some program ... to help people . see , when you be out there in the cold like I be , on the street or sleep under bridge or in you car , the worst thing , even worse than the hunger and the cold , be the ... feel ... that you be just plain ... useless . you do not matter to a single soul in this world , nobody need you , nobody want you . montage : television screen and viewer bubber' interview appear on screen in ... - home - motel room - white house the president watch . - cheap HOTEL lobby - shadow lounge chick watch . - jail bernie watch . - evelyn' live room joey , evelyn , and elliot watch . - prison inmate , they tough face momentarily solemn , watch . - winston' apartment winston smack the tv he buy from bernie to adjust the color . on the screen ( int . tv studio - day ) bubber / tv I guess when I ... do what I do ... I be try to save my own life more than anything else . try to connect myself with people again and be ... part of the whole . you have to help other to do that , you need a role to , play ... even if it 's a very humble role , it give you self worth . int . deakins ' office ( note : bubber dialogue , additional or as above continue throughout scene ) gale , she editor , joan , deakins , wallace , chucky , parker , and conklin be crowded around the monitor stare at the screen . joan catch gale surreptitiously hide a tear and whisper to she ... joan be he like that in real life ? so gorgeous ? gale he 's pretty ... remarkable . joan ( eye widen at the think ) you do not ... get it on with he ? gale do not be ridiculous . I be a reporter . joan Reporters do not have hormone ? gale Reporters ... have to ... rise above they hormone . angle on deakins , wallace reacting to bubber on tv . wallace be impressed . wallace the guy 's ... a natural . deakins roll he eye , a cynical , harden newsman . angle on tv screen ( int . tv studio - day ) gale / tv / voice over I ask John bubber about the Medal of honor . bubber / tv as far as the medal go , well ... that medal 's for something I and my buddy do almost twenty year ago in viet nam . so if I be a war hero today then I be a war hero last week when I be sell can and sleep in my car ... when I do not have a medal . I do not think a medal make a hero . you do not need machinegun fire or burn plane to be ... brave . people do heroic act every day only there 's nobody around to take they picture or decorate they . Little thing can be heroic . helping someone day in and day out , give up you life a little every day instead of all at once ... to help . maybe ... maybe we be all heroes . montage - day across the nation solemn face reflect the glow of the tv screen . young face , old face , black , white , brown , yellow ... - home - barbershop - electronics showroom - bar - jail cell - skid row HOTEL lobby int . day room - jail - day ... and bernie laplante's face . he 's glaring at the screen in the Day room of the jail , sputtering helplessly ... bernie we be all heroes , huh ? asshole ! just then a guard enter the Day room and below ... guard laplante , bernard . laplante ? bernie I ? guard ya make bail , Ace . c'mon , let 's go . bernie look startle . wellesian video - tv screen News coverage of the crash and photo of bubber be zoom , dissolved , whirled and spun into a glitter promo while a stentorian wellesian voice bray excitedly ... wellesian voice / tv John bubber himself ! along with twenty of the real survivor of flight 104 ! see the real life participant re-enact the terrifying drama inside the burn plane . int . suite / drake HOTEL - day bubber be stare at the tv screen wide - eye with amazement as the promo continue on the screen on screen ( wellesian video ) wellesian voice / tv out of the darkness , out of the fire , out of a nightmare of fear ... come the angel of Flight 104 . John bubber save fifty - four people . this be he story and theirs . a drama feature the actual people who actually live that moment of terror . no make - up , no music , no actor . this be the real thing . Thursday night . Channel - four . be there ! on screen the Channel four logo blend exotically with " the image " . int . suite / drake HOTEL - day a dismay bubber dial the telephone . int . deakins ' office - a little later - day deakins and wallace walk , deep in conversation , wallace upset . wallace upset ! what 's he upset about ? deakins Said he 's not a actor . wallace he 's not suppose to be a actor , that 's the whole point . he 's a real life hero , all he have to do be act like a real life hero . that 's the beauty of the concept , the whole freshness of it . do she call he back ? deakins she 's talk to he now . wallace we pay he a million dollar . you would think he would want to cooperate a little , help we rating . deakins respond eagerly to gale enter the office . deakins how would it go ? gale he will do it . ( to wallace ) you really - should have talk to he first . wallace he might have say no . int . corridor / hall of justice - day bernie charge through the crowded wait room have just be release on bail . he do not actually shove the women and child wait to visit inmate out of the way , but he do not slow down either as he weave rapidly among they with donna on he heel , barely able to keep pace . he do not look back as he speak rapid-fire . he 's really piss . bernie whaddaya mean they do not reduce the bail ? if they do not reduce it , how ' dja spring I ? donna ( a deep breath , embarrassed ) I take a loan on my car and my computer . bernie ( actually stop , face she ) you whaaaaaat ? you pay it ? you give a bondsman ten percent ? donna I be inspire by the hero , how he stick he neck out for other , how he take a chance ... bernie ( apoplectic ) that fake inspire you to loan a guy who 's be fire off he job twenty - five hundred goddamn dollar ? a guy you say be probably gonna do time ! you be s'pose to be a attorney for chrissake ! you be s'pose to have good judgment ! donna ( fight tear ) well , as you like to point out , mister laplante , I be relatively inexperienced . my naivete may have work to you benefit in this instance . bernie frown at that , start walk again . bernie well , you be right , I be glad you get I out , I appreciate that . bernie charge out the door , exite the building with donna right behind he . ext . hall of justice - day hurrying down the step , bernie bark over he shoulder at donna . bernie listen , now that I owe you twenty - five hundred buck plus , how about loaning I twenty for cab fare ? donna so you can call I " naive , " mister laplante . bernie hey , you could call I " bernie , " forget the " mister laplante " stuff . ( see donna open she wallet ) you be naive . donna I read the probation report . it 's not good . I think you be go ... go to prison , mister ... bernie . I know that scare you but .. bernie taxi ! hey , taxi ! ( turn on she ) well , at least I be gonna get my goddamn million buck . ( scream at a cab ) taxi for chrissake ! a cab pull to the curb and bernie jump in , talk . bernie I see on the tv where that do - gooder asshole 's gonna go visit sick kid at three - thirty . ( to the cabbie ) Children 's Hospital , on the double . donna ( alarmed ) you mean John bubber ? bernie speak out the window of the cab as it pull away . bernie ( then , through the window ) that bozo do not just owe I a million buck for my shoe , he 's a goddamn menace ! look what he do to you ! he 's makin ' people insane . he 's a whacko , he ' gotta be stop . stun , donna watch the cab disappear in traffic with bernie rave from the open window . ext . children' hospital - later ( day ) limo be park out front of the hospital and there be a gather of tv van as bernie exit a cab and charge toward the entrance of the hospital , a tiny figure dwarf by the huge building . he disappear inside . int . corridor / children' hospital we discover bernie wander around , lose . a nurse give he a glance in pass and bernie suddenly be aware that he appearance be unusual . dishevel . unshaven . he try to smooth he hair a little as he turn into a doorway . int . special children' ward / children' hospital stepping through the door bernie be immediately horror stricken . row of bed . a room full of seriously sick child . palsie . eye out of sync . motor disorder , spasm . terrify paraphenalia ... tube , machine , monitor , bag of fluid . a place of suffering . to bernie it 's a vision of a leper colony ! a seven year old spot he , clutches at he with clawlike hand , jerky movement . bernie recoil in horror , back away . a five year old , " blind " by the gauze wrap around he face " look " toward bernie and speak . " blind " child voice ( o.s. ) be that he ? be he here yet , miss Roberts ? a EIGHT year old with a bandage arm respond , look at bernie . EIGHT year old naw , it 's just some guy . a nurse miss robert , appear from behind a curtain suddenly and restrain the seven year old as she address bernie ... miss robert Excuse I , sir . can I help you ? bernie uh , well I ... what I ... look " wrong , " act " wrong . " look like a child molester ! miss robert you will have to leave , , sir . this ward be off limit . if you want to arrange a visit ... just then a couple of cameramen back through the door shoot . it 's the head end of a entourage of reporter , cameramen , hospital personnel and a couple of security guy that be travel with bubber . bernie be bump backward by a cameraman just as he see bubber enter surround by media people . bernie' p.o.v. see bubber unhesitatingly reach out to the grotesque seven year old and lift he into be arm , eye shine with warmth , smile genuinely like he like pick up hideous look kid . angle on miss robert tapping one of the security officer on the shoulder and indicate bernie to he . angle on bernie remember why he 's here . it 's not go to be as easy as he think . he start to move through the entourage look very out of place . bernie Excuse I , pal . uh , couldja lemmee through here ? thanks I ... the security officer be suddenly between bernie and he destination . security officer you gotta press pass , sir ? bernie Press pass ? uh , hey , I lose it . listen ... angle on bubber hold the seven year old . smiling broadly , the child radiate joy in the warmth of bubber be embrace , he grotesqueness miraculously minimize by he mood . bernie ( o.s. , diminish ) getcher goddamn hand offa I . all I wanna do be talk to the guy . bubber and everybody turn toward the sound of the commotion . bubber be p.o.v. of a unidentified man ( bernie ) , obscure by the body of the two security officer who be hurriedly hustling he off the ward . bernie ( o.s. ) hey , hold on , buddy . this be america for chrissake ! I got rights ! bubber be frown when a doctor reassure he ... doctor all under control . a unfortunate man . Security will look after he . bubber nod and turn back to sick kide who seem transfigure from bernie be gruesome vision to child radiant with hope . much of they appearance , at least , be attitude , despair . angle on bernie a solitary figure . int . ward / hospital - day a 14 year old allen lie comatose in a intensive care room , tube in he nose , arm , and chest , monitor all around he , he arm and leg in cast and traction . bubber lean over the unconscious boy speak intensely while a doctor hover next to he and reporter and cameramen jockey for position at the foot of the bed . bubber listen , kid , you gotta hang on . I know you be scared , we all get scared , but that 's when you have to fight ... doctor . I be afraid he can not hear you . he ... bubber he can hear I ... as he lean closer to allen , bubber put a hand out without turn away from the boy , and wave away chucky who have ooze in close with he camera . this be private . understand , gale put a hand on the lens and push the camera aside . bubber listen ... ( eye flick to Allen 's i.d. bracelet ) Allen , you be in the darkness there and it 's scary . the doctor be work on you but the tough part be for you . you can not quit ! gale can not hear what bubber be say as he lean even closer to allen and grip the boy 's hand . close on bubber and allen bubber I know you do not know it , but you be a hero . sometimes you do not know how brave you be ... and sometimes you do not know ... you can do something ... until you ... until you surprise yourself and ... do it . but I know you have get the stuff , I know it in my heart . I want you to struggle kid ... for yourself , for all of we . ( vulnerable ) for I . I ... I really need you to do this for I . I need you to get well , Allen . do a eyelid flicker ? do the boy hear ? gale' eye glisten with emotion as bubber rise , shake . ext . hospital - day a crowd be wait for bubber , media personnel among they . bernie come up behind a tv cameraman and tap he shoulder . bernie hey , buddy , you be with the media , right ? I get a story for you . something fantastic . that guy bubber , he 's a fake , he ... the cameraman be turn to consider bernie when there 's a sudden excitement . the crowd surge toward the hospital entrance . voice cry out " he 's come ! here he come ! " the cameraman turn toward the door leave bernie helpless , catch in a surging tide of people . bernie hey ! watch out ! hold on ! for chrissake ! int . lobby / children' hospital - day bubber and he entourage of doctor , media people and security guard be surging toward the front door of the hospital like a excited amoeba . gale be close to bubber in the crush . gale ( emotional ) you be ... very ... inspiring . bubber ( alarmed ) a script ! I think we just walk through everything ... gale read it . it will be fine . they be be sweep through the front door of the hospital , the whole amoeba . a cheer goe up . ext . front step / hospital - day bernie be be toss about like a cork in stormy seas . buffete about by happy onlooker full of good will , only bernie be surly , obnoxious . bernie quit shovin ' , lady . hey , watch yer elbow . you 're all nut for crying out loud ! whatsa matter with you ? angle on bubber be jostle as he bodyguard be shove back into he , cameras push toward he face , hand reach out desperately for he . but , in a dramatic contrast to bernie , bubber thrive on the energy , laugh , reach out to touch the hand that reach for he , thriving on the vibe . teenage girl I love you , JOHN bubber ! bubber hey , we all love each other , don't we ? old woman one GOD bless you , JOHN ! GOD bless you ! bubber GOD bless US all ! bernie' voice ( o.s. ) ya goddamn phony ! bubber stiffen imperceptibly . dl he hear that right ? be there a discordant note in the cacophony ' of voice sing he praise from every direction ? bubber' Pov a sea of shine face fill with love and admiration surge in front of he . and yet , that voice again , a sour note of contraction ... bernie' voice ( o.s. ) bubber , ya goddamn fraud ! that be my shoe and my money ! angle on bubber hear it , look around urgently , but all he see be admirer thrust at he as he 's borne , as if on a tide , toward he limo . nobody else seem to have notice bernie' voice . int . waiting limo as the door slam shut , the cheer be suddenly faint . bubber sink back in the opulent seat while face distort themselves against the smoke glass , try to peer into the sanctuary . then , as the limo pull away , bubber hear the voice again muffle by the thick glass . he turn , look out the rear window . he see the crowd recede behind he , a confusion of spectator and ... be that that hitchhiker ( bernie ) be restrain by a cop ? angle on bubber shaken and frown with concern , he turn away from the scene now out of view behind the move limo . alone in the luxurious leather sanctuary , he realize he hand be shaking as he reach for the manila envelope gale give ; he and tear it open . he stare at the script title the angel of flight 104 . ext . children' hospital - day as the happy crowd disperse , a enraged bernie be face a cop . bernie . do not tell I what I can and can not say . this be America . cop ( laugh ) hey , suit yourself , buddy . if it make you feel better to insult a man who 's worth about a thousand of you , go ahead . like he say , " we be all heroes , " pal . even you . bernie bullshit ! what a lotta bullshit ! cop okay , have it you own way : you be not a hero . [ page 92 be missing from the script .] angle on bernie blink , as the t-shirt magically feature bubber again , smile , heroic . bernie wonder if this be hell . int . shadow lounge - night behind the desert bar , chick look from the tv set as bernie enter , weary and bedraggle , the strut go . bernie hold up he hand defensively . bernie hey , I do not blame you for bein ' sore . I know I screw up gettin ' bust in here . you get a right to throw I out . chick I be not gonna throw you out , bernie . chick be fix a seven and seven . he put it on the bar . bernie hesitates , then step to the bar , take a drink . bernie thanks , chick . I appreciate it . reporter / tv ( o.s. , voiceover ) the doctor who have believe the boy have little or no chance for survival , now predict a slow but complete recovery . chick glance up at the tv screen and bernie look too . on the tv screen ( int . ward / hospital - day ) news footage show young allen in he hospital bed , still engulf in tube and life support equipment , but conscious now , smile bravely for the camera while a reporter narrate . int . shadow lounge - night angle on chick eye on the tv , shaking he head in wonder . chick helluva guy , be not he ? Vietnam , plane crash , now miracle . bernie stare at the screen lose in think . ext . video studio - dusk a sign over the door say " stage one / channel 4 . " further down , on the door itself a sign say " no admittance / authorized personnel only " uniformed police linger around the door , surround by fan and bubber be limo wait at the curb , he driver loung by the door . dayton ( we see he earlier in the courtroom ) , be make he way through the knot of onlooker and media personnel gather around the limo and in front of the entrance . approach as if to enter , he be confront by one of the several uniformed policemen guard the doorway . police officer sorry , sir . close to the public .. ( dayton be reach for he fold ) no media either , sir , they be taping a show and ... oh , right . sorry about that , Inspector . dayton be flash he badge fold as the policeman hastily open the door for he . int . stage one - night dayton enter the sound stage and see the mock - up bath in hot light in the middle of the darken stage , surround by shadowy camera and technician . the survivor be visible in the skeletal plane , rehearse . dayton settles in the shadow , out of ear shot , watch . angle on bubber approach gale who 's lie " helplessly " among the seat . he loom over she , he face obscure by " mud " make - up , hesitates . she whisper helpfully ... gale now you lean down and free I from the seat . I be catch and ... that 's it . good . bubber bend down , start to " free " she , a troubled look on he face . he be struggle with something emotionally . gale now you help I up . Boy , you seem ... taller . it must be psychological ... now that I know you save my life ... bubber ( lift she ) gale ! I can not go through with this ! it 's ... it 's all wrong ! ' gale you be do fine . you do not actually lift I though . it be more like you support I . bubber ( support she ) that 's not what I mean ... gale there , like that . kind of , uh , sexy . ( with meaning ) you can support I anytime , John . bubber gale ... gale ( giggle ) I just remember . you be talk about bodybuild and swear . bubber bodybuild ! the director' voice boom over the speaker from the booth . director' voice ( o.s. ) we don't want acting , as I say . but when we do a take , guy , please don't laugh , okay ? it have to play serious . it be a very serious thing ... ( a beat , then ... ) uh , also , JOHN , maybe you could lift her more , sort of carry her . I know that may be bending reality just a teensy bit , but if you journalist's integrity can handle it , gale , I think it would " play better " on the screen . ( then , to all of they ... ) okay , gang , let' run through it from the top one more time , then we'll do a take . angle on dayton watch , impassive . angle on bubber lift gale , uncomfortable . bubber it 's not right , gale ... gale ( misunderstanding again ) it 's no big deal , it just look better carry I . oh , you mean because I be not carry my purse at the time . gale have a purse under one arm . gale ( suddenly serious , eye contact ) you be a inspiration , John . you be make we better human being . less cynical . more open , more give . do you realize that ? bubber start to say something again , but the moment for confession have pass , they be approach leslie who be applaud along with the other survivor , tear in she eye . leslie you leave she here ... and you ( sob ) go back in again . bubber nod and start grimly back up the slope , trap in he heroic role . int . shadow lounge - night bernie be sit moodily at the bar while chick wash glass and the tv drone . bernie be wrestle with a think . he break the , silence finally . bernie what wouldja say if I toldja I run into a burn plane a ' save a buncha people , chick , a ' risk my goddamnlife ? chick you mean like bubber ? the hero ? bernie yeah , like that . same thing . chick well ... I mean ... what be I suppose to say here , bern ? be this a riddle or what ? bernie I mean , if I say it , wouldja believe I ? ( then ... ) ya would not , would ya ? chick it 's a character thing , bernie . I mean , you would not do it . no offense . I neither . I mean , a guy like bubber , he 's a certain kinda guy . heroic . you and I , we be not ... heroic . it 's not we nature . it do not mean we be bad or nothing . we be just not so inclined . what about it ? bernie nothin ' . chick I would not be depressed about it , bern . a guy do not have to be heroic to be a human be . bernie the thing be , chick . I be goin ' down . chick down . you mean jail ? for that credit card stuff ? for chrissake , bernie , you lawyer ... bernie , not jail . prison . and not that credit card bullshit , that 's nothin' . I get a conviction . sentence tomorrow . some case of paint I get involved with . latex . I see this parole officer , he write a report to the judge say I be " anti-social . " chick " anti-social . " Jesus , bernie . how much paint be we talk about ? bernie ( grimly ) a lot . int . stage one - night dayton unnotice among the shadow , as the youthful director address the assemble survivor . dayton focus on gale . youthful director that 's a wrap , guy . I want to thank you all . I think we do something very important here this evening . bubber be look for gale , spot she fifteen yard away . bubber be p.o.v . - a black man be show gale something , a badge fold , say something to she . angle on bubber reacting . a frown . he start to move toward they but a make - up artist approach he insistently ... make - up artist just let I get that gunk off you face , mister bubber . bubber uh , it can wait , I ... his eye on gale and dayton , bubber be disengaging from the make - up artist when susan suddenly block he way , hold up a doll , a shy kelly in tow . susan mister bubber ... uh , John ... Kelly want you to sign a autograph for John Jr. bubber find himself face a JOHN bubber doll , see kelly peer up at he hopefully . what can he do ? he 's a patsy . angle on gale as dayton speak to she . dayton wo not take more than ten minute . Fifteen at the most . I will buy you , a cuppa coffee down the street . angle on bubber handing the autograph to kelly and look toward the spot where gale be . bubber be p.o.v . - dayton and gale walk toward the exit . angle on bubber call out , start after they . bubber gale ! just then smith rush up to he , block he way . smith I breathe , I see the sun , I thank you . God bless you . I be alive because of you , every moment of life I owe to you . bubber look at he grateful face . what can he say ? he look toward the exit . bubber be p.o.v. gale and dayton have disappear . angle on bubber eye full of despair as other grateful passengers engulf he ... int . coffee shop - later ( evening ) credit card be spread out on the formica table top in the booth where gale and dayton face each other . gale how ... how do this , whatsisname , the " sleazebag , " say he get my card ? dayton laplante ? ha ! which version ? this bozo have more storey than a newspaper . in one of they , he 's " the angel of Flight 104 ! " he pull you off the plane , save you purse for you , but forget to return it . that 's version 63 . in version 64 , he keep it to pay for he " hundred dollar shoe . " the guy 's a bullshit artist , he 's already get a sentence pend for deal steal goods . ( lean forward , whisper ) listen , I know . this be pretty off the wall ... that guy , the hero , bubber ... he be a homeless guy , right ? down on he luck ? he could not have swipe the wallet , could he ? while he be rescue you ? and sell it to this guy laplante ? gale ( raise eyebrow ) John bubber risk he life to save I and fifty - four other people and ... swipe my purse ? dayton too far-fetched ? I mean , I be not try to make problem for John bubber , I just want to make sure this creep laplante do some meaningful time . if we can not figure out how he get the card , it make it more difficult . gale tell I more about he . int . live room / evelyn' house - night joey be sprawle on the live room floor , surround by homework , he eye on the tv set . evelyn , on the sofa , look up from she book and catch joey watch the tv . evelyn homework . you be do homework , remember ? the phone ring and evelyn get up and go for it . evelyn ( to joey ) homework , homework , homework ! no homework , no zoo trip , no movie . ( into phone ) hello . ( then , very cold ... ) he 's do he homework . joey look up from he homework . int . phone booth / shadow lounge - night bernie be talk into the phone urgently ... bernie look , I be go away , I just wanna say goodbye to ... never mind where . I just wanna say ... he can not call I back later , my phone 's disconnect ... int . live room / evelyn' house - night evelyn cover the mouthpiece and turn to joey ... evelyn it 's you father . if you do not talk to he , he 's go to call all night . int . phone booth / shadow lounge - night bernie hey , joey , how ya doin ' , pal , it 's I . you old man . you get the twenty dollar ? what ? ( listen ... ) well , she 's right on that , joey , that 's the best place for it , a college fund . I be gonna tell ya that myself . look , about how I do not show up the other night I ... what ? ( he listen ) you see I out the window .... ( listen ) one shoe , yeah and the mud ... so you think I mighta be the heroic guy , huh ? ( a beat , then ... ) a ' what would she say when you ...? " against my religion , " huh ? ( he struggle , then ... decisive ) well , you know joey , this kinda stuff , we gotta talk about it some time , man to man . but I gotta go off on this -- this damn business trip now ... for a while . so ... so I will not be seein ' you . what you gotta do , you gotta listen to you mother , she 's smart , very smart , know what 's best for you and ... ( reacting ) no , no , no , it be not ' cause I do not like you , Christ ! I mean , not " Christ , " you know ... I mean I do not wanna go on this business thing , I love you joey , but I gotta ! that 's part of grow older , all this goddamn ( pardon the vulgarity ) business thing you have to do . which remind I , this " hero " business ... one of the thing you learn as you get older be that life get very complicated ... weird actually ... people be not exactly like they seem ... nothing be ... life get unbelievable ... this be normal as you grow older and ... huh ? I be talk to joey . int . evelyn' house - night evelyn you son actually want to spend time with you . if you let he down this time after pop back into he life ... int . phone booth / shadow lounge - night bernie ev , you gotta understand , it 's this ... this goddamn business trip , no wait , do not hang up , ev , just a sec , listen , I just wanna say one thing , okay ? one thing ! ( with some effort ) I know I kinda act like a asshole sometimes . I know that . I know you be a good wife . I know I fuck it up . I have a good thing a ' I blow it . I just want you to know I know that , okay ? I gotta go now . Business trip . it 's gonna be a while . bernie hang up . int . evelyn' house - night evelyn stare at the phone as though it have change into a piece of fruit before she eye ! bernie say that ? int . hallway / apartment build - moment later ( night ) winston ( who buy bernie 's tv ) have open he door just a crack to address gale and chucky . it say " manager " on the door . winston laplante ! that asshole ! I do not ... hey , be that you , from the tee vee ? in person ? gale we be from Channel four , yes . we would like to find -- winston " this be gale gayley for Channel four News ! " incredible . unbelievable ! for bernie laplante ! he 's a celebrity now ? ' Cause he steal paint ? gale we could not find he name on the buzzer or on the mailbox , but ... winston push past they out the , door and into the corridor . winston " low profile . " that 's he big motto ! he do not put he name on anything . come on , we will go look . gale see winston trundle down the corridor toward the stairwell . int . stairwell - moment later ( night ) winston waddle up the stair with gale and chucky on he heel . gale should not we have buzze he to let he know -- winston half the time he do not answer even if he 's home . know why ? ' Cause he do not want no bill collector to find he . I do not mean to be judgmental , but he 's a scumbag . he do not have no friend . who 's gonna like a creep like laplante ? I be doin ' he a favor on the tv outta kindness , and he screw I . you know what color skin you get on my set , miss gayley ? purple ! that 's what color skin you get on the tee vee laplante sell I ! during the climb , gale' beeper go off . she shut it off . int . upstair corridor / apt . build - moment later bang ! bang ! bang ! winston pound on the door to 5a while gale and chucky hover behind he anxiously . winston Bernard ! Bernard ! hey , laplante , open the door . Television interview ! Fame and fortune . open up , Bernard . winston pull a ring of key from he belt and unlock the door . winston hope the silly bastard do not kill himself . he 's all upset about this sentence he get . he 's go to prison . ( to chucky ) that a camera you be carry ? if he kill himself , you could take picture . int . bernie' apartment winston , gale and chucky enter the tiny charmless live room . as winston disappear into the bedroom ; gale glance around , notice something . a cheap commercial photo of bernie with joey at the zoo . study it , she consider bernie be face . winston re-enter from the bedroom . winston no dead body . too bad . not too often you guy get picture of a body even before the cop get there . exclusive ! gale I wonder if you would mind if we wait for he here , mister Winston ... surprise , chucky give she a sharp look , like " what 's up ? " winston what 's he gonna do , sue ? you people , you be the media . winston exit , close the door behind he . chucky we be gonna wait here ? the guy could be hour . gale maybe , maybe not . I have a feel this guy be important somehow . chucky hey , listen , great that you be a career - fiend , I get a wife and family , I ... gale you be lucky , chucky , you ... ow ! gale have flop down on bernie be ratty sofa . chucky what 's the matter ? gale this sofa be a lethal weapon . the spring ... be ... the spring ... what ...? gale be digging behind she on the sofa . she pull out the silver Mike Award and stare at it , dumbfounded . chucky what be it ? gale ( stunne ) the ... Silver ... Mike ... Award ! chucky this guy laplante win a award ? gale ( stare at the inscription ) " for excellence in the Pursuit of Truth . " chucky ( amaze ) laplante ! bernie who the hell be you ? what 's goin ' on here ? bernie be stand in the doorway , scowling at chucky . but before the astonished chucky can respond , gale turn , revealing she face . bernie you ! gale camera , chucky . be you Bernard laplante , sir ? what be you relationship with John bubber ? bernie ( indicate chucky ) turn that thing off . gale ( hold up the Silver Mike ) how do you acquire this , mister laplante ? bernie how do ya think I get it , for chrissake ? ( to chucky , indicate the vidpak ) hey , put that thing down . this be my goddamn apartment , you can not just ... gale what 's you scheme , mister laplante ? what be you force John bubber to do ? what be you -- ? the door burst open and winston rush in hysterically . winston he's gonna jump ! bubber' gonna jump ! it's on channel thirteen ! chucky thirteen ! tv image ( ext . drake HOTEL - p.o.v. of ledge - night ) weirdly distort color . a shaky long lens shot ( news camera ) reveal a bright green bubber stand on a ledge fifteen storey up while a reporter narrate urgently ... channel 13 reporter ( v.o. ) -- say that they cannot rig a net below he because they be afraid it will trigger he decision to jump . bubber have say repeatedly he will only talk with gale gayley a local television reporter . gale' voice ( o.s. ) oh my God ! reveal : int . winston' apartment - night where gale , flanke by bernie , chucky , and winston , be stare in horror at the lurid color image on the tv bernie sell to winston . video image ( ext . drake - night ) channel 13 reporter / tv ( continue ) so far , attempt to reach Ms. gayley have not succeed . int . winston' apartment - night angle on gale gale ( to Winston ) you phone ! Quick . as winston show she the phone , bernie scowl at the tv . bernie he 's green for chrissake ! as gale punch digit on the phone , winston turn back to bernie . winston no shit ! you take advantage of I , laplante . it 's a piece of shit . bernie you gotta tune it , ya bozo . you gotta adjust it . bernie be adjust the television color . video image ( ext . drake HOTEL - night ) channel 13 reporter / tv meanwhile , as you can see , a crowd have gather here at the hotel , many of they in tear , plead aloud with John bubber not to jump . int . winston' apartment - night angle on gale speak urgently and privately into the phone . gale for God 's sake , tell he I be on my way . ( she slam down the phone ) let 's go , chucky . a police escort be gonna pick we up en route . you too , laplante . bernie I ! gale if you be not in the car in ten second , I will have the cop pick you up . bernie the cop ! what kinda bullshit be this ? be this America or -- ? gale ( urgent , inspiration ) here ! here ... ten , thirty , fifty buck . how much have you get , chucky ? give mister laplante you money . gale shove cash into bernie be hand as chucky obediently reach for he wallet . gale come on ! let 's go ! John 's in danger . confused , bernie look at the cash , then follow they out the door . bernie ( pockete the cash ) Christ , you media people think you can just buy people . cheap . ext . CITY STREET - night siren scream . a escort of police motorcycle precede the speed Channel four van through the dark street . int . speed channel 4 van - night chucky be at the wheel of the van , gale beside he . bernie sit back in the confusion of equipment and monitor that show the news coverage of bubber on the ledge . bernie be address gale indignantly , try to be hear over the scream of the siren . bernie my fault ! my fault ! this nut case go out on a ledge and it 's my fault ? gale if anything happen to John bubber , mister laplante I be go to see you prosecute to the full extent of the law . bernie what , be everybody in love with this , bozo ? I do not get this . what about ...? gale yes , everybody be in love with John bubber . the whole country , in fact . and they be not go to be happy if he jump to he death because he be harass by a lousy little money - grub low - life fence ... bernie " harass . " Cause I yell at he when he 's riding in he limo ? the guy 's a thief , he take my ... gale ( erupting ) he have one tiny , uncharacteristic moment of weakness . that 's not the same thing as a lifetime of petty crime ... bernie ( stung ) hey , lady , I get fault , I know I be not perfect but I do not get this at all , you attitude . I save you ... gale ( interrupt ) a lifetime of petty crime climax by you sleaziest accomplishment yet ... blackmail a national hero ... bernie -- save you ... whaaaaaaat ? what ? blackmail ...? gale you think I have not figure it out ? just because the cop be not on to you yet do not mean you be home free . I be a veteran reporter . I have see you kind before , the underbelly of crime . bernie underbelly ! gale in all that smoke and fire , John have a moment of weakness . he would be down and out , destitute , live in he car . it be just a impulse , steal my purse . bernie look thunderstruck . chucky too . chucky swipe you purse ! while he be save you ? you gotta be kid ! gale ( a triumphant 190 k at bernie ) and sell it to mister laplante , the fence , who 's now try to blackmail poor John . bernie be too stunne to speak . chucky he 's gotta be a nut ! he save all that people and swipe a purse ? gale ( emotional ) because he be a real hero , chucky . he be act out of a deep instinctive decency , not out of some ego thing . he do not expect the media to lionize he . he do not expect a million dollar reward . he save fifty - four people because something inside he , some fundamental love for he fellow man , make he rush into that plane when " good sense " tell he otherwise . he be willing to settle for some credit card he sell to laplante .... ( to bernie ) for how much , laplante ? a couple of buck ? do you give he enough for a decent meal ? bernie , who 's be listen to the description of he own deed with slack - jaw amazement , be too take aback to answer . the van zip past dark city street populate by derelict and homeless people as gale continue she emotional outpour . gale all this be off the record , chucky , because if John bubber life , mister laplante be go to give he he assurance that there will be no more " misbehavior " on he part . what 's more he 's go to apologize . bernie I be go to apologize to bubber ? gale I could deny I have that credit card on the plane with I , laplante ... bernie ( amaze ) lie , you mean ... gale well , maybe I would not lie ... but I could tell the story the way I do just now , so that people could understand that John be even more of a hero , and that you ... you be the lowest thing that ever crawle . you name will be synonymous with cynical opportunism and blackmail . you will not get a cent . bernie ( alarmed ) I get a kid , you know . I be a person , for chrissake . gale well , for you child 's sake , show some decency then , rise above you sleazy instinct . ( a sob ) you may have already kill he ! ext . drake HOTEL - moment later ( night ) police buck the tide of the excited crowd , make a wedge to get gale , chucky , and bernie to the hotel entrance . a cop grab bernie , think he a spectator . gale no ! he 's with we , Officer . reporter , on the fringe of the crowd , address they camera . channel 8 / channel 13 / conklin Police be escort reporter gale gayley to the fifteenth floor where she will be able to talk to bubber . ext . drake HOTEL - crowd' Pov of bubber on ledge - night angle on bubber a tiny figure on a narrow ledge fifteen floor up . int . suite / drake - moment later ( night ) gale rush into the suite now jamme with police , firemen , and dignitaries and head straight for the open window , drag bernie with she . chucky follow , vidcam raise . at the window she encounter the police chief and a priest . police chief he will only talk to you , ms gayley . just lean out and we will hold you from behind . ext . ledge / fifteenth story / drake HOTEL - night alone on the ledge twenty foot from the open window , bubber be look down at the crowd below . they be chant ... ext . ledge - bubber be p.o.v. of crowd - night crowd no ! no ! no ! no ! no ! ext . ledge - drake HOTEL - night gale John ! do not do it ! everything 's okay . bubber have tear in he eye . he turn at the sound of gale be voice and see she lean out the window , call to he . pull a envelope from he pocket , bubber move a couple of step toward gale and bend down to place the envelope on the ledge . bubber gale ! this be for you . I want you to know I never mean to hurt you . this will explain everything . gale John , I know all about it . bubber ( horrify ) you do ? straighten up , he ... lose he balance ! crowd nnnoooooooooooo ! gale it 's all right , John ! it 's nothing ! a little mistake . everybody will understand ! bubber " a little mistake " ! gale no , John , you be too hard on yourself . I have get the creep here , the guy who 's ... gale break off as bernie suddenly shoulder he way to the window ... bernie hold on ! hold on ! lemme talk to he for chrissake ! int . suite / drake bernie push past the astonished gale and scramble awkwardly out onto ' the ledge , kick back at the firemen who grab at he ankle until ... angle on firemen exchange a look , the firemen realize they effort be more likely to knock bernie off than save he . ext . ledge / HOTEL bubber stare in amazement as bernie emerge onto the ledge on all four , yell toward he . bernie hey , bubber , c'mere ! I gotta talk to you , buddy . bubber laplante ! bernie come on , John , do not be a asshole . I do not like height . hastily , bubber back further from the window ( and the envelope lie on the ledge ) . bubber listen , laplante , I be really sorry . it 's all in my letter to ga ... uh , miss gayley . I be all wrong . int . suite / drake - night chucky be wedge beside gale in the window , point he vidpak at bernie be ass . suddenly bernie see bubber look past he at the camera and , turn awkwardly , he snap at gale ... bernie turn that thing off ! you want he to jump ? gale and the other step back from the window hastily . ext . ledge / drake - night bernie turn back to bubber . bernie I just wanna talk with you for a minute . then you can jump . you can jump twice for all I care . bubber talk from there . you can talk from there . bernie in private . they get camera and alla that crap in there . microphone . int . HOTEL suite / drake - night Rather than lean out the window , gale and other in the suite be follow the drama on the tv monitor . gale' p.o.v. : tv image ( ext . ledge - from below - night ) conklin narrate while the shaky camera focus on bernie and bubber who be continue to argue on the ledge , bernie motion for bubber to come closer , bubber resisting . conklin / tv ( v.o . ) it look like someone be out on the ledge with John bubber . we can only presume this be a rescue specialist of some kind from the police or fire department . ( excited ) he ... he 's move toward bubber , crawl . he do not appear to have a safety rope tie to he and , as we have explain , the fire department have be unable to rig a net . int . suite / drake - night back to gale ironically , she 's " see the event " happen fifteen foot from she on a monitor show ... on the tv screen ( ext . HOTEL - p.o.v. of ledge - night ) a camera angle fifteen storey below , a shaky zoom attempt to isolate bernie on the ledge . int . suite / drake - night her face show surprise at bernie be courage . do she misjudge ? ext . ledge / HOTEL inching forward , bernie be just reach the letter bubber leave on the ledge . bubber ( indicate the letter ) that 's for ga ... Ms. gayley . bernie what be I , a goddamn postman ? I be way the fuck up here , I be scared a height , and you want I to deliver a letter ? put a stamp on it for chrissake ! bubber that 's close enough . it 's a confession . the truth . Jesus , I be sorry , laplante . I have the shoe , you say you do not want , publicity because of you legal problem . bernie I do not recall say I do not want a million buck ... bubber I never really think they would go for it . and then ... you do not come forward , they investigate my war record ... I keep expect you to show up and expose I ... bernie I be in the can , for chrissake . bubber the bathroom ! for two day ? bernie jail ! listen , bubber ... ( look down , fifteen storey ) this be crazy . we could fall off of here . bubber you should go in . you be risk you life again ... bernie ( sweat , tremble ) I be beginning to ... be aware of that , John . listen , I be not gonna do nothing heroic here , you can trust I on that , buddy . whaddaya say we just sit down for a while . I do not have no trick , I be not that smart . you could , like , rest up for the jump . bubber consider the situation , relax , lower himself till he 's sit beside bernie . then he help bernie off he knee into a sit position so they be sit side by side on the ledge . bubber shake he head sadly . bubber what have I do ? I be dirt poor and useless ... but I be honest . bernie lighten up , John . you think you get problem for chrissake ? bernie wipe the sweat from he forehead , unaware that he 's smear he face with black soot from the ledge . ext . drake HOTEL in front of the hotel in the midst of the confusion of emergency vehicle , police , and onlooker , a cherry - picker have arrive and a tv cameraman from Channel 4 be riding in the rise pulpit . television image ( ext . drake HOTEL p.o.v . - night ) a shaky long lens shot from fifteen storey below show bernie sit beside bubber on the ledge while the reporter narrate urgently ... conklin / tv ( v.o. ) -- still do not know why John bubber , hero to the nation , step out onto the ledge fifteen storey above the street more than a hour ago . int . joey' bedroom - night joey , wear pajamas and headphone , be stare breathlessly at the tv from the bed in he darken bedroom . on the television screen ( ext . drake front step - night ) conklin / tv ( v.o. ) ( continue ) but we now have the identity of the man who have be talk to he for the last fifteen minute at great personal risk . he have be identify as Bernard laplante , former employee of gumley 's carpet Care . int . joey' bedroom - night angle on joey joey' jaw sag and he sit up in bed as the reporter continue on the tv . on the television screen ( ext . ledge from below - night ) the lens zoom tighter , and therefore shakier , offer a jerky image in which bubber and bernie be semi-identifiable as they sit on the ledge . conklin / tv ( v.o. ) there be speculation that laplante be a old friend of bubber 's , perhaps a war buddy . int . joey' bedroom - night joey have already sprint out of the room , leave the tv play to he empty bedroom . joey' voice ( o.s. ) mom ! mom ! it's my father ! mom ! int . drake / presidential suite gale be give way at the window to chucky who 's lean out to try and get a shot . jamme in by the crowd , she view block , she glimpsis a tv monitor nearby . gale' Pov - tv monitor / video image ( ext . ledge - night ) the shaky close - up of bernie be face , smear with soot , fill the screen . the angle be very reminiscent of the glimpse gale get of bernie in the crash plane ! ext . drake HOTEL - night a arc light be switch on , lighting up bernie be face . int . drake suite - night back to gale , stunne . just then chucky tap she on he way out of the room . chucky I be gonna grab the high ground , get a hot overhead angle . ext . ledge / fifteenth floor / drake HOTEL - night spotlight illuminate bernie and bubber as they sit on the ledge and converse , like a couple of guy on a park bench somewhere , oblivious to the crowd below . bubber ( flabbergasted ) you steal she purse ! while you be save she ? bernie what 's the big deal ? you decide to pretend you be I . a little moment of weakness , right ? so I sorta swipe she purse . I get foot of clay too , buddy . bubber and she think you be blackmail I ? bernie right . bubber actually see humor in this , but bernie be think ... bernie which do not sound like such a bad goddamn idea , John . bubber huh ? whadda you mean ? bernie well , we gotta work this thing out , John . it 's a goddamn mess a ' I be halfway to do serious time in the joint a ' the tv lady 's so stick on you she do not want it to come out you steal she purse because it might break the heart of million . ( indicate the chant crowd below ) looka that maniac , willya ? they love you , for chrissake ! bubber I do not need to be a hero , laplante , but I can not face people ... the look in they eye ... after the trust they give I ! bernie great ! you make this big goddamn mess , then ya jump . beautiful ! listen , John , I be there at the hospital today , I see you with that little bastard ( pardon my vulgarity ) . bubber it be you ! I think I hear ... bernie I be not say I hate sick people or anything but I hate be around they if you know what I mean . there you go , you inspire this kid to live . I probably woulda vomit on he . bubber ( stunne ) Allen ? he ... he 's okay ? bubbbr be visibly affect by the news about allen but bernie do not notice , rattles on ... bernie see what I mean ? you remember he name for chrissake ! I mean , I remember my own kid 's name ... but I be always forget he birthday . plus when they stick camera in you face and ask all this stupid question , you smile at they . you get a kinda ... a kinda ... " gift , " there , John , if ya know what I mean . people wanna be save by you . even I ! if I be gonna be save I would not wanna see bernie laplante comin ' outta the goddamn smoke a ' darkness a ' fear a ' stuff . I would wanna see John God damn bubber ! bubber be move ... but still have doubt . bubber you get that people out of the plane , laplante , not I . bernie you woulda go in there , you would n'ta think twice ... trust I on that , that 's the kinda guy you be . for a guy like I , it 's a momentary loss of sanity . I be not think clearly . listen , I be no hero , John . I just want some dough and maybe a little favor . how much didja spend already on all that do - gooder bullshit ? you do not spend it all didja ? bubber well , I donate a lot to different cause , uh ... La ... bernie bernie . call I bernie . bubber -- but there 's a lot of it still leave , uh , bernie . almost half . bernie be eye glitter with interest . int . deakins ' office / tv station several monitor show a variety of coverage of the drama on the ledge on they screen while , nearby , wallace hover anxiously over deakins ' shoulder as deakins rant into the phone ... deakins whaddaya mean what do I wanna know ? I wanna know everything . who 's this screwball laplante for Pete 's sake , what the hell 's he do out there , audition for the priesthood ? you be suppose to be on top of this , gale , do not ... ( he stop , listen , explode ) " quit ! " you can not quit ! it 's unprofessional ! wallace ( alarmed ) quit ? she want to quit ? deakins ( ignore wallace ) listen , gale , I know you be emotionally involved . do not be emotionally involved , be professional . ( listen , then ... ) no , gale , you be not a hardbitten , cynical hard - ass , you just think you be . you be a goddamn cream puff ! try and be a hard - ass ! deakins hang up the phone angrily and face wallace ... wallace she want to quit ? deakins she can not quit . int . joey' bedroom - night evelyn be stare dumbfounded at the tv screen , the volume full now , no longer come through the headphone . evelyn my God ! it ... it be he ! joey wh- why 's he ... why 's he up there , mom ? evelyn look pale and stricken . instead of answer , she make a decision ... evelyn where 's you coat ? get you coat ! int . deakins ' office - night deakins and wallace be watch a channel EIGHT reporter on one of the monitor . tv image ( ext . drake HOTEL - night ) channel 8 reporter / tv -- just learn that laplante be a convict felon due to be sentence tomorrow for trafficking in steal goods . accord to we source , laplante knowingly purchase twelve case of steal latex paint which he subsequently sell to ... int . deakins ' office - night angle on deakins and wallace deakins gale shoulda aire that bit first , she 's the one who find this clown laplante ! she let Channel eight get a beat on we . wallace ( worried ) listen , deak , what if bubber have get something to hide ? what if he 's the wrong guy , not really the hero ...? deakins helluva story ! wallace ( suddenly firm ) no , deak , not a great story . we back this guy , he 's we boy ! we give he a vote of confidence , we give he a million dollar . deakins be chasten . he " get it . " just then , excitement from the Channel four monitor . deakins now what ? conklin' voice / tv ( excited ) something 's go on , bubber be communicate something . both man be ... ext . drake HOTEL - night excitement in the crowd , look up , yell . something 's happen . conklin be speak into he mike even as the surge of the crowd engulf he ... conklin -- still sit on the ledge but bubber be motion to someone in the window , he seem to be call out to they and now ... now he 's hold up two finger . he 's signal something , hold up two finger . ext . highway - night a Ford station wagon speed toward the city . int . moving ford / highway - night evelyn be at the wheel , joey beside she , the radio on ... evelyn if I give you the impression I hate he I do not mean to . I ... I hate the way he behave ... he 's selfish and self - center and cynical ... joey what 's " cynical " ? evelyn it 's when you say , " everybody else cheat why should not I ? " ( emotional ) but I do not -- I do not hate -- he . I ... love he once , joey . very much . I just get ... tired . maybe it be not all he fault . he ... what 's happen ? oh , my God ... evelyn be reacting to the live radio broadcast , a sudden urgency in the reporter' voice , crowd sound ... radio -- firemen leaning out the window ! they have what appear to be long pole and they 're reaching the pole toward the two men on the ledge , JOHN bubber and he companion , bernard laplante ! evelyn what 's happen ? what be they do ...? radio ( continue ) laplante and bubber be reaching for the pole ! there's something at the tip of the pole . they 're taking something from the pole ! it look like -- it look like ... I think it be ... wait a minute , I have a report here ... evelyn and joey be breathless , mesmerize , wait to hear ... radio coffee ! it's coffee ! we're told that bubber and laplante asked for two cup of coffee . evelyn ( relief ) coffee ! just like you father to request something totally inappropriate . thousands of people watch and he want a cup of coffee . ( remember ) I remember when you be in the hospital , when you have the appendicitis , you father stay all night by you bed ... and he hate hospital , always think he 's go to catch something ... and then that time when you uncle Howard get hurt ... it seem like you father be at he best in a crisis ... when thing go really wrong or there 's some kind of emergency , you father forget to be bernie laplante and act sort of like ... a human be . there be tear in she eye as she drive . the radio continue . radio we have learn that the device the firemen use to " deliver " the coffee ... I describe they as " pole " ... be , in fact , oversize tong use by the hotel staff to change difficult - to-reach lightbulb ... ext . HOTEL - night bernie and bubber be distant figure sit on a ledge as if it be a park bench , sip coffee and visibly negotiate as in a pantomime . ext . ledge / HOTEL closer now , we can hear bernie and bubber wrapping up the deal . bernie you get it ? four year scholarship to a top college , plus Medical School or Law School or whatever joey want ; pay off the $ 2,500 to my attorney , plus pay she fee in full , plus my annual consulting fee ... bubber and give a deposition to the judge . bernie ( sudden think ) listen , John , you better double my attorney 's fee . she 's very inexperienced , but she do a great job for I . and give she you autograph . she think you be some kinda holy man . bubber on the deposition for the judge , bernie ... I mean there 's no way I can promise anything . I can not tell he what we be up to ... bernie you will tell he I talk you out of jump , right ? just keep I outta prison . bubber I ... I will do the best I can , bernie . bernie that 's good enough for I . you better take that " letter " there and get rid of it . bernie indicate the envelope on the ledge and bubber slide the envelope into he pocket surreptitiously . bernie and bubber be shaking hand . then they start to get cautiously to they foot . int . drake HOTEL suite - night gale be watch the action on a tv monitor , try to figure out what 's go on . gale' p.o.v. / tv monitor ( ext . ledge - night ) bernie and bubber be shaking hand . then they start to get cautiously to they foot . ext . HOTEL - night the crowd react to the action on the ledge while tv reporter include conklin chatter into they mike ... reporter they be get to they foot . they be stand up ! ext . ledge - night bernie be on he foot , unsteady , terrify of the drop . bubber , much more graceful , not as wobbly , be speak to he . bubber after what I do , how do you know I will come through ? how do you know you can trust I ? shakily , bernie indicate the crowd far below ... bernie Cause , bottom line , John , I be not no different than all that dumb asshole down there . we all trust you for chrissake ! we ... angle on the drop / bernie' p.o.v. straight down , fifteen floor . a crowd of " ant . " firetrucks , Police car , tv van . ext . ledge - night suddenly bernie start shaking like a leaf , try to smear he body against the side of the building as he inch along the narrow ledge toward the window with bubber right behind he . bernie th-this be really dumb , come out here . ext . HOTEL - night as the crowd look up breathlessly , we discover evelyn pull joey through the crowd toward the hotel step , they eye on bernie and bubber . ext . roof - night chucky be cautiously move under the neon sign on the roof , first on all four , then on he belly , move toward the edge . ext . ledge - night bubber be steering bernie toward the window . bubber slow and easy , bernie . bernie take a cautious step . bubber try to distract bernie from the drop by talk to he . bubber what make you do it , bernie ? go in the plane ? another cautious step . bernie I dunno . it be ... a impulse . I , wear my good shoe . bubber same with I , pretend I be you . a impulse . why not ? I have this shoe . bernie there be this kid there say , " go in there and save my father , mister . " and I be think about my boy joey and this goddamn fireman my wife 's see . it be like I be suppose to save myself . bubber yeah , and with I it be like I be suppose to pretend the shoe be mine . bernie so now you gotta wear it , you poor bastard . everyday you gotta be everybody 's hero . people watch you all the time . wait for you to make ... a slip . slip up . bernie glance down to indicate the crowd and ... take a misstep . ext . drake front step - night a single audible gasp from the crowd below as bernie , fifteen storey up , stagger . ext . ledge - night bernie struggle to regain he balance . bubber reach out to help he . bubber easy do it , partner . it 's gonna be fine . bubber be hand remain on bernie be shoulder . angle on gale watch from the window , hold she breath . be it possible he 's go to push bernie ? what a opportunity ! gale' p.o.v.: bubber be hand on bernie be shoulder . angle on bernie sweating , push he foot cautiously forward . bubber' voice ( o.s. ) do not look down . keep you eye ... bernie look down ! bernie' p.o.v . ( ext . p.o.v. of crowd - night ) ahhhhhhhhhh ! he see the tiny people below and he start to fall . ext . ledge - night angle on bernie wobbling unsteadily , arm flail , fall . angle on bubber his eye ! he 's look down . bubber be p.o.v.: he see bernie clutching the ledge with one hand , look up at he with plead eye as he dangle fifteen storey above the ground . angle on bernie' hand it 's slip ! he can not hold ! angle on bubber' eye ! stare at bernie be hand . it must occur to he that life would be better without bernie . angle on gale watch from the window , terrify . ext . drake HOTEL - night evelyn and joey be look up , love and fear in they eye . evelyn oh my God ! bernie ! joey dad ! ext . ledge - night a fireman be lean out the window , reach for bubber . fireman get in here , buddy . you can not help he . angle on bernie' hand slip . angle on bubber bubber be look into bernie' eye as bernie be hand slip . angle on the fireman lean out the window , hold a rescue noose toward bubber . fireman do not reach out . he will pull you over ! angle on bubber bubber ignore the fireman , he hand reach out toward bernie . close up : hand reach out to grab bernie . int . deakins office - night wallace scream at the tv set . wallace no ! never reach out ! ext . ledge - night angle on gale reacting , head out the window ... angle on fireman reaching a noose-device toward bubber . fireman grab this ! now ! save yourself , you can not help he , he will pull you over ! ext . HOTEL - night the crowd react . ext . ledge - night bubber be sit , brace himself . angle on bernie his hand slip , he eye full of fear . angle on gale reacting . angle on bernie' hand lose he grip ... when bubber' hand suddenly grab he wrist . angle on bernie look up into bubber be eye . they eye lock . angle on bubber holding bernie with great effort . angle on the fireman rescue noose in hand , crawl out the window . fireman I be gonna put this line around you . bubber ( strain , indicate bernie ) put ...the ...line ...on...him . bubber lean back against the building , struggle to keep bernie from plummete fifteen storey . fireman you can not hold he , he 's gonna pull you off . bubber if he do not make it ... I ... do not ... make it . get it ? fireman ( impressed ) yessir ! I get it ! loud and clear ! ext . roof / drake - night chucky have belly out on the roof under the big neon sign and he 's point he camera straight down at the drama below while he mutter under he breath ... chucky ( he narrator voice ) Zoom in tighter yet , he capture the stark drama at great personal risk . ( humbly respond to a imaginary interviewer ) " be I afraid ? well , you do not think about yourself at moment like that . you think about the f-stop , you think about focus , you think about the 11 o'clock news , everybody count on you . " video image ( ext . HOTEL / straight down from roof - night ) " chucky' shot " be a close up of bernie be desperate face look straight up , the enormous drop in the background . a montage of different location and tv set feature chucky 's close - up of bernie . int . the shadow lounge - night chick stare at the screen incredulously ... chick bernie ? bernie ? int . winston' apartment - night the television set show the drama in garish otherworldly color as winston mutter ... winston laplante , you crazy bastard ! int . donna' apartment - night a stunne donna be in bed with she boyfriend , stare at the tv . boyfriend he 's one of you client ? int . judge goine bedroom - night judge goine frown at the tv set , try to place that name ... judge goine laplante . mmmmmmmm . laplante . video image ( ext . HOTEL / low angle looking up at bubber ) on the tv screen , a low shot look up at bubber strain to hold on to bernie replace " chucky' angle . " montage a series of tv sets and watching face all over america , young , old , black , white , everybody in america be staring at the screen , mesmerize ... - home - motel room - cheap HOTEL lobby - bar - jail cell ext . ledge / HOTEL - night two firemen have almost secure a rope around bernie while bubber continue to hang on to bernie , speak to he through gritt tooth . bubber look ... good , partner . hang in there . bernie ( eye contact ) y- you be a g-god damn saint , John . int . live room / drake suite - later ( night ) the suite be jamme with media personnel , many stand on sofa , table , and chair , all of they ( and they camera ) focuss on JOHN bubber who 's stand behind a bank of mike make a " statement " that sound sincere ( perhaps because it be halting , awkward , painful ... ) bubber it be a moment of terrible weakness . I be feel ... I guess you would call it " overwhelm " by all the pressure and ... the expectation of ... fame ... celebrity . I just do not feel ... adequate ... to everybody 's image of I ... so ... I take my despair out on that ledge with the intention of ... jump ... angle on reporter , cameramen a collective reaction , breathless silence . angle on gale jamme among reporter near the bedroom door , she eye on bubber , frown ... bubber ( continue ) in do that I endangered the life of hardwork policeman and firemen who attempt to rescue I , not to mention the life of my dear friend , Bernard laplante ... bubber pause and the room erupt in a chorus of reporter ' voice ... reporter who be Bernard laplante ? do you know that laplante be a convict criminal ? what be you relationship with Bernard laplante ...? angle on gale glance at the bedroom door guard by a uniformed cop . angle on bubber take a deep breath , answer ... bubber Bernard laplante be a close friend who come to I in a time of need ... at considerable risk to himself . int . bedroom / drake HOTEL suite - night bubber be continue on the tv set in the bedroom while bernie , all alone in the huge bedroom , stare at the tv . on the tv ( int . suite / HOTEL - night ) bubber / tv ( continue ) I guess bernie 's make some mistake . I know I have make plenty myself . in fact I do not know anyone who have not . I think bernie want to be a private person and I I be go to respect that . int . bedroom / drake suite - night angle on bernie glance idly at the tv remote control ... and pocket it almost automatically , still watch tv . on the tv ( int . suite / HOTEL - night ) reporter erupt again in a cacophony of question . reporter / tv what would he say to you ? what would you talk about ? bubber / tv well , what he say to I be private . but he give I confidence in myself . he tell I I have a special opportunity , the chance to do some good in the world . int . bedroom / drake suite - night angle on bernie he raise he eyebrow . I say that ? on impulse , he pull the remote from he pocket to return it . he 's set it down when he turn suddenly to find he 's not alone . bernie hey ! how would you get in ? nobody 's suppose to come in here ! gale have just enter the room . do she see he action ? gale I snuck in . bernie you media people , you think you can just go anywhere you want , spy on people . gale listen , mister laplante ... uh , bernie ... who ... be ... you ? bernie who be I ? you be ask I ? you be the big expert for chrissake ! I be what ? the " scumbag , " right ? the sleazebag something or other , the blackmailer , the ... gale ( very intense ) be it you ? in the plane ? who save my life ? bernie ( rattle ) me? listen , I do not give no interview . that be John bubber . you wanna ask I question , you could talk to my attorney , miss o'day . gale ( implore ) mister laplante ... bernie ... I ... just for a few moment ... I want to be a human be , not a reporter . I be somebody who be go to die in a burn plane and I look up , and some man come out of the smoke , he face smear with mud , and soot and ... and he ... save my ... life . off the record . be it you ? why would you deny it if it be ? because you take my purse ? why ? bernie look at gale . she look very human , very real , the reporter 's veneer completely go ! he hesitates . how can he not tell the truth at a moment like this ? he take a deep breath ... bernie Lady , do I look dumb enough to run into a burn plane and save a bunch of stranger ? I be not the type . gale stare at he . bernie try to hold she look , dare she to doubt he . but he can not . his eye " run . " he 's not a good liar this time . but just then conklin' voice on the tv say Evelyn 's name distract bernie . angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) conklin be hover over evelyn and joey who be stand in a pool of tv light while a crowd press close around they ... conklin / tv -- stand here in the lobby of the hotel with Evelyn laplante who say she be the wife of the mysterious bernie laplante who be rescue from a fifteenth story ledge twenty minute ago by John bubber . int . bedroom / drake suite - night angle on bernie and gale bernie oh shit ! ev! joey ! for chrissake ! angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) conklin / tv ( continue ) Mrs. laplante just tell I that Bernard laplante speak to she earlier today about " go away on a long trip " and want to say " goodbye " to he ten- year - old son , joey . evelyn / tv I do not know bernie would try and jump off a building . I do not understand . I just think he be up to he old ... I mean , I do not even know ... back to scene ( int . bedroom / HOTEL suite - night ) bernie tv ! Christ almighty ! you can not believe one word on tv ! not one goddamn word ! angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) conklin / tv what kind of man be you ex-husband Mrs. laplante ? evelyn / tv ( burst into sob ) bernie laplante be a wonderful decent human be . deep down . you just have to know he ... angle on bernie ( int . bedroom / suite - night ) bernie it 's all bullshit ! I swear to God ! angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) conklin / tv I guess you love you father too , joey ? angle on bernie ( int . bedroom / suite - night ) bernie leave my boy alone , you asshole ! angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) joey yeah , my dad 's great . he take I to the zoo . angle on bernie ( int . bedroom / suite - night ) bernie ( big love ) joey ! angle on tv screen ( int . lobby / HOTEL - night ) conklin / tv how do you feel , joey , see you father up there on that ledge ? joey / tv I be scared but ... but ... but ... conklin / tv but what , son ? joey / tv but I know John bubber would save he ! int . HOTEL suite - night - moment later ( night ) Chaos . bubber be try to get to the bedroom door , the news conference over , but he 's be mobbed by media personnel who be scream question , scramble over furniture , block he path , jam cameras and mike in he face ... voice be you afraid ? look this way , John . John , over here . mister bubber , do you believe in God ? bubber be struggle toward the bedroom door when he hear a voice cut through the other voice . gale' voice ( o.s. ) mister bubber ! mister bubber ! JOHN ! bubber turn , see gale through a " forest " of head . they eye meet , she shout a question . gale John bubber ... how do a person know when he 's a hero ... and when he 's not . they eye be lock , as if they be the only two in this very crowded room . a private question in a public place . the room become quiet as everyone realize bubber be go to respond . bubber speak soberly , directly to gale . bubber well , like . I say , miss ... uh , gale , I think we be all heroes . if you catch we at the right moment . we all have something noble and decent in we try to get out ... and we all have moment of weakness . gale' eye be lock with he as he continue ... int . deakins ' office - night deakins and wallace be watch bubber continue on they monitor . angle on tv screen ( int . HOTEL suite - night ) bubber continue to camera , gale off screen . bubber it 's the media that notice one moment and one person and not another . I be just another human be like the next person , full of frailty with some courage and decency mix in . angle on deakins ( int . deakins office - night ) deakins what a crock of shit ! have you ever hear more bullshit and drivel from somebody who be not President ? wallace it 's not unthinkable . deakins what ? wallace the presidency . the public love he . deakins for ten more minute they love he , wally . I be sick of he and I be always about ten minute ahead of the public . int . monkey cage / zoo - day a " public " of monkey clap hand , applaud a monkey who 's make a " speech . " ext . monkey cage / zoo - day bernie and joey appear , pass in front of the monkey cage , deep in conversation ... bernie you remember where I say how I be gonna explain about life , buddy ? well , the thing about life be ... it get weird . see people be always gonna be talk to you about " truth . " everybody always know what the truth be , like it be toilet paper or something and they get a supply in the closet . but what you learn as you get older be , there be not no truth . all there be be bullshit ( pardon my vulgarity here ) . layer of it . one layer of bullshit on top of another . so what you do in life , like when you get older , be you pick the layer of bullshit you prefer and that 's you bullshit , so to speak . you get that ? joey ( totally confound ) uh , no . bernie mmmmm . well , it 's complicated . maybe when you be older . anyhow , what I be gonna tell you here be in strict confidence , okay ? it do not go no further . what happen be , you remember that night I be gonna take you to the movie a ' it be raining like a sonofabitch , ( there 's gonna be some vulgarity ) ..? bernie put a affectionate arm around joey' shoulder as we notice that bernie be wear brand new shiny shoe very much like he former good shoe , but different color . as he and joey walk off , bernie still talk , joey put a arm around he father and a audience of monkey fill the foreground . monkey . the end