hesher written by Spencer susser &amp ; David michod July 7th , 2008 ext . STREET - day a small kid , tj forney ( 13 ) , with a grubby wear cast on he arm , ride he bmx really fast down a street . he chase a tow truck towing a badly wreck red volvo . he struggle to keep up . the truck make a turn . tj follow , turn dangerously in front of oncoming traffic . the truck make another turn . tj turn with it , run straight into the side of a car pull out of a driveway . he come off he bike and be throw across the hood . he pick himself up , stunne . the driver of the car get out to see if he 's hurt . tj look down the street to see the tow truck disappear in the distance . he hurry back to he bike . he jump on and continue after the truck . tj give chase . he gain on the truck . he can see it pull into a use car lot ahead - fair oak car CITY . ext . fair oak car CITY - day tj arrive at the car lot as the tow truck driver be lowering the car onto the drive . tj dump he bike , out of breath . tj this car have to go back . tow truck driver huh ? tj this car have to go back to where it come from . put it back on the truck . tow truck driver what be you talk about , kid ? the driver continue work , unhook the car from the truck . tj stop unhook it . there 's be a mistake . tow truck driver I be tell to bring it here . that 's what it say on my work order . talk to that guy if you have get a problem . the driver nod in the direction of larry tower , who be approach with 17 year - old dustin howard and another man , tony , in dirty overall . ( continued ) 2 . continued : larry ( to tow truck driver ) hey , Bill . Larry shake the tow truck driver 's hand . tj this car have to go back where it come from . larry I beg you pardon ? tj it be bring here by mistake . Larry smile at the little out - of- breath kid . larry and where be it suppose to go ? tj it be not suppose to go anywhere . it need to go back where it come from . the guy who sell it to you make a mistake . larry ( to tony ) what 's the deal with this car again , tony ? tony flip through a stack of papers he 's hold . tony ah let 's see , we buy this car yesterday afternoon from a Paul forney - tj that 's my dad . it be not he to sell . larry well , it 's he name on the pink slip , son . and that mean it 's he to sell if he want . tj yeah , but I be just tell you it be a mistake , ok , so it need to go back where it come from . ( continued ) 3. continued : ( 2 ) the car have now be lower off the back of the tow truck . Larry move away from tj and approach the driver . larry thanks , Bill . ( to tony ) you get that work order there ? tony look through he papers for the work order . tj do not like be ignore . he move around to the driver 's side of the wreck car and wrench open the bashed - in door . he climb behind the wheel , slam the door shut and lock the door . larry ( cont 'd ) get out of the car , son . tj ignore he . Larry do not have time for this . larry ( cont 'd ) Dustin , get he outta there , will ya ? Dustin move around to the open driver 's side window . dustin come on dude , get out of the car . tj turn the key and begin wind the window up . Dustin reach in try to unlock the door . dustin ( cont 'd ) c'mon . open it . the window be rise . Dustin grab at tj . tj keep wind the window . it get to the top , trapping Dustin 's arm . dustin ( cont 'd ) ow , fuck . what the fuck you do ? open it . Dustin be stick . Larry , Bill and tony laugh . Dustin yell at tj . tj ignore he , stare straight ahead . the man laugh some more . Dustin 's humiliation set in . dustin ( cont 'd ) put down the fuckin ' window . I be serious . Larry go around to the passenger 's side break window and open the door . he lean in and easily drag tj out of the car . ( continued ) 4. continued : ( 3 ) larry I would get out of here kid , before he work himself loose . tj 's not get the car back . the man continue laugh at the trap Dustin . tj pick up he bike and ride away defeat . int . forney house / kitchen - night tj sit at the kitchen table with he tiny 85 year - old grandma and he depressed and dishevel dad , Paul forney ( 45 ) . dad have a full shaggy beard and a recently heal wound on he forehead . they eat in silence . there 's tension in the air . grandma there 's still plenty of applesauce boy . tj ( to dad ) I do not get why what I think do not matter . dad it could not stay in the front of the house anymore , tj . I be not have this conversation again . tj yeah , why not ? dad it 's there everyday and I have to look at it . tj when do you look at it ? when be the last time you get off the couch ? dad it 's not healthy . tj neither be all the pill you be take , but I do not tell you not to take they . dad I do not wanna talk about it anymore . ( continued ) 5 . continued : tj I do . dad I do not . and that 's it . tj fume . they eat in silence a bit more . tj drop he fork and leave the table , angry . grandma it 's ok dear . he just need time . it 's he first day back tomorrow . let try and be patient . dad be a mess . grandma ( cont 'd ) one thing at a time dear . one thing at a time . dad yeah , I know , mom . grandma nod quietly . int . forney house / bathroom - morning tj give he mouth a once over with a toothbrush . he spit , then set he toothbrush down on the edge of the sink . int . forney house / tv room - morning tj stand hold a banana and wear a backpack in front of the couch where he dad be sleep . dad be lie face down , half - cover with a sheet , he leg hang off the side . there 's dirty plate and pill bottle on the coffee table in what be otherwise a old lady 's live room . dad stir , it 's a pathetic sight . tj tap dad 's leg with he foot . dad slowly come to life and notice tj. tj can I have some money so I can buy lunch today ? dad yeah . dad sit up on the couch , he look a total mess . dad pick up he wallet from the mess of a coffee table and hand tj a few dollar . ( continued ) 6 . continued : dad ( cont 'd ) hope you have a nice day teej . tj exit , leave dad sit there . dad set he wallet back down and stare blankly into the room . we hear the door slam in the background . ext . forney house - morning tj on he bmx pedal down the drive and out onto the street . ext . STREET - moment later tj pedal in the middle of a suburban street . he steer he bike with he break arm as he try to peel and eat the banana with the other . he glide down a hill . it 's a long hill . he travel fast . despite the glide and the wind in he hair he 's slouching and look depressed . ext . housing development - moment later tj ride he bike through a eerily barren unfinish housing development - half - build house and perfectly seal wide street . up ahead , he can see a small section of unfinish road - a big patch of dirt and rock . he veer up a driveway to avoid it . he pass the dirt patch and then come down off the curb back onto the road , try to keep control of he bike . he hit the road and lose he balance . the handlebar twist and he crash onto the road . he jump up and yelp in pain , clutching he elbow . he look at it . it 's badly graze . he yelp again , angry . he pick up a rock lie in the street and charge towards a unfinish house . he hurl the rock through its front window . Glass crash down . a silent beat pass , and then the front door of the house open and a late - 20 , long - greasy - haire , wiry shirtless guy in filthy black jeans emerge . he have a baby moustache and a crack front tooth . this be hesher . he make a determine line toward tj. hesher the fuck you think you be do !? before tj can back away hesher grab he by the back of he T - shirt and drag he kick and squealing towards the house . 7. int . half - built house - continuous hesher drag tj into the unfinish front room . he slam tj against a uncoate drywall . hesher pull a pair of garden shear from he back pocket and squeeze tj 's nose between the blade . tj be terrify . he squirm . hesher the fuck you think you be do !? tj nothing . hesher you get five second or I be gonna cut you fuckin ' nose off . tj I be just , I be just go to school . I , I do not know anyone be here . hesher stare intimidatingly at tj . tj look seriously scared . hesher bullshit . you be gonna fuckin ' - hesher be suddenly startle . his ear prick up like a rabbit . he hit the deck drag tj down with he . they face be close together . hesher make a very serious finger - to- mouth gesture to ' shhhh ' . the SOUND of a car idling outside . hesher listen . tj be on he stomach , freak . tj look around the room - a duffel bag , some beer can , a few porn magazine , a weathered bass guitar and a sleep bag . a car door close loudly . hesher peer through the window and see a security guard inspect tj 's bike in the front yard and then make he way toward the house . hesher look at tj with serious and consider venom . hesher ( cont 'd ) you just fuck I . hesher snap into action . with speed and precision he gather he stuff together . he shove it all he duffel bag . ( continued ) 8. continued : security guard ( o.s. ) who 's in there ? hesher light the fuse on a stick of homemade dynamite wrap in duct tape and throw it through the break window . he then slip out the back door , leave tj face down on the floor freak out and confuse . security guard ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what the hell - boom ! dirt spray against the house and pour in through the window . tj cower , then hear the guttural roar of a van start up . he hear the van screech away . security guard ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey ! get back here ! tj jump to he foot and look out the window . a dirty black van scream out onto the road and tear away , spraying dirt and rock in its wake . the security guard stumble around , cover in dirt and disorient . he rush back to he car and give chase . tj let they get away up the street , then bolt to the front door . ext . housing development - continuous tj dart for he bike . he pick it up and ride off quickly . ext . fair oak high school - morning outside a public high school , kid mill around before class . lot of noise . tj ride down a path and clock Dustin Howard , the kid from the car lot , who stand talk with friend by he car - a shiny 2007 yellow convertible mustang . they spot each other . tj quickly look away ( oh shit ) and b-line for the bike rack . int . fair oak high school / hall - day tj open he locker . he pull out a clear zip - lock bag with a rotten apple inside . he look at it a moment then put it back in the locker . a kid put he hand on tj 's shoulder . kid 1 hey , tj . you be back . welcome back . another kid come over , eat a bagel . ( continued ) 9. continued : kid 2 hey , teej . welcome back , man . tj nod , despondent , put book into he backpack . kid 2 ( cont 'd ) how you feel , man ? tj ( unenthusiastic ) Fine . kid 2 I come by you house a while ago , see if you want to come skateboard or something , but it look like the place be empty . have you move or something ? kid 1 yeah , I try call you a bunch of time , but it keep say there be a new number or something . tj yeah , we move in with my grandma for a little while . kid 1 oh ok , cool ... I do not want to call cause I do not know . ( change the subject ) you want some of my bagel ? tj no . thanks . awkward beat . tj do not want to make chit-chat . people be already make he feel weird . kid 1 hey , can I be the first one to sign you cast ? tj ah , if you want I guess , but I be get it off tomorrow , so there 's no point really . kid 1 ok , cool . well , welcome back , man . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) kid 2 yeah , welcome back , dude . the kid step away , feel awkward . int . fair oak high school / classroom - day tj sit in class , at the back near the window . the teacher , mrs elsberry , a big African - american lady , be take roll . kid answer as they name be call . mrs elsberry cerisola ? cimino ? cody ? Cooper ? early ? edgerton ? fletcher ? ( lighten ) forney . tj forney 's back . welcome back , tj. tj give a half heart nod . the class turn to look at he . a couple whisper . tj look away . the teacher continue take roll . mrs elsberry ( cont 'd ) folk ? fullwood ? greenberg ? herriman ? kelman ? ext . fair oak high school / football field - day coach McDonald ? mohajer ? nanden ? paonessa ? saunder ? sumner ? tj be in gym class , another roll call . tj look up . he notice a guy high up in the bleacher smoking a cigarette and stare at he through long hair . tj look concerned . be this hesher , the guy with the garden shear ? int . fair oak high school / hall - day tj be walk down the hall . he look over and see hesher who 's wear a misfit " Skull " T-shirt , watch he through the crowd . suddenly tj be grab and slam against a locker . it 's Dustin Howard and he posse . Dustin tower over he . dustin S 'up now , punk ? you do not look so tough now , do you ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : tj attempt to walk away . Dustin push he against the locker . tj try to walk away again . tj leave I alone . dustin how about you suck my cock ? Dustin slam he again . tj stay put . dustin ( cont 'd ) huh ? suck my cock . tj try to walk . Dustin slam he . dustin ( cont 'd ) suck my cock . tj try to leave again , Dustin push he again . dustin ( cont 'd ) suck my cock . tj yeah , yeah , I hear you . suck you cock . then why do not you pull it out ? dustin what would you say , bitch ? tj try to walk away . Dustin grab he and throw he down . dustin ( cont 'd ) do not fuckin ' talk back to I . tj squirm try to free himself , kick wildly . one of tj 's kick catch Dustin . Dustin punch he . a crowd quickly gather . kide fight , fight , fight ... int . fair oak high school / counsellor's office - day the school counsellor flip through papers in a file . counsellor look , tj . I know you have be through a lot and it 's gonna take time to readjust , but as you know , the school can not tolerate this kind of behavior . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : counsellor ( cont 'd ) I be willing to give you the benefit of the doubt this time , but you can not be start fight . tj I do not start anything . he push I . counsellor what he do or do not do be not important . what 's important be what you do , and how you react . do you understand ? tj not really . counsellor which part do not you understand ? tj I do not understand the part about how it 's not important that he push I and he punch I and he kick I and he tell I to suck he cock and now I be the bad guy sit in the office . the counsellor cut he off . counsellor hey , hey , hey . I do not wanna hear that kind of language in my office . tj yeah , but I do not - counsellor listen , I be gonna cut you some slack , but you be gonna have to meet I halfway here . tj shake he head . he give up on this conversation . he look out the window . hesher be out there - smoking and watch . tj be suddenly unnerve . counsellor ( cont 'd ) I should really be suspending you , but I will not if you can promise I you ' will put in a real effort ... ( notice tj look elsewhere ) be you listen ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) tj yeah , ok . ext . fair oak high school - late afternoon it 's after school . tj walk out to he bike . it 's the last one leave on the rack . only a couple of other kid be still on campus . tj look around . he jump on he bike and quickly ride off . int . forney house - late afternoon tj enter the house , which be quiet except for the sound of a tv . there be no light on so it feel dark . he walk past the tv room , the tv be on . dad be on he back , fast asleep , mouth wide open . he barely seem alive , until he make a small whimper . his mouth close , he swallow , then he mouth drop open again . tj pick up the remote control from a mess of empty pill bottle on the coffee table and switch off the tv . tj walk past the kitchen and drop he backpack . int . forney house / grandma's bedroom - continuous tj walk past he grandma 's bedroom . the door be open . he gently knock . she 's sit up in bed , read . grandma hi , pumpkin . tj hey . tj stand in the doorway . grandma take off she glass . grandma how be you day ? tj pretty much suck . grandma why sweetheart ? tj think for a moment . tj I do not know . it just suck . ( continued ) 14 . continued : grandma look at tj with a empathetic nod . tj ( cont 'd ) do you want I to turn on the light for you ? grandma do I look like I be sit in darkness here ? tj I do not know , maybe , a little . grandma maybe I need new glass ? she hold she glass up for closer inspection . grandma ( cont 'd ) actually , I do not even know if this be mine . tj whose be they ? grandma geez , I do not know . tj well , can you see better with they ? grandma Jesus , I do not know . grandma hold the glass in different position . grandma ( cont 'd ) you know my mother always tell I that I would damage my eye if I read by poor light and I always think about that when I be read , but I have get this far , so why be I still worry about it ? why be I even read ? there 's something more I need to learn ? she give this a moment of think . grandma ( cont 'd ) I guess there 's always something more to learn . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) she seem almost tickle by this . she slip she bookmark in she book and put it on she bedside table . grandma ( cont 'd ) be be you dad up yet ? tj no . why , have he be sleep all day ? grandma well , you know , sometimes people get knock off course a little when bad thing happen . but they come good in the end . int . forney house / kitchen - evening tj sit at the kitchen table alone stare at a cute and happy bunny salt and pepper shaker . he can see in through to the tv room where grandma be shaking dad awake on the couch for dinner and hold a glass of milk for he . dad lift himself off the couch . grandma hand he the glass of milk . grandma here 's some milk to wet you whistle . dad thanks mom . dad shuffles into the kitchen and take he seat at the table . dad empty a couple of pill into he palm and downs they with milk . tj fork he food around he plate . dad ( cont 'd ) hey teej . tj hey . grandma take some applesauce , sweetheart . dad what 's the time ? tj it 's six o'clock . have you be sleep all day ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : dad I just have to lay down for a bit . dad look up but do not seem to notice tj 's bruise face . dad ( cont 'd ) how be school ? tj Fine . when be you go back to work ? dad that 's a good question . dad scrape a mouthful onto he fork , avoid the good question . a moment pass . tj stare at he . tj be you gonna answer it ? dad I do not know . I be not ready yet . dad 's eye be lower . he stare at he plate . tj watch he , feel powerless . tj I be not ready yet either . they eat in silence . grandma tj , would you please pass I the salt ? tj pass the bunny salt shaker . grandma ( cont 'd ) do you know that when Albert Einstein interview people for a job , he would take they out for lunch and if they put salt on they food before taste it , he would not give they the job . grandma look up at tj with a small grin . she set the salt shaker down . grandma ( cont 'd ) I have always like that . 17 . int . doctor' office - day tj sit on the bed in a doctor 's office . the doctor be cut off he cast with a little buzz see . the doctor pull the cast free and inspect tj 's arm . it be pale and skinny compare to the other . doctor ( refer to the smell ) whoa , that 's like a eight week old dirty sock . ok , so how do that feel ? you wanna turn you wrist like this for I ? the doctor demonstrate . tj imitate . doctor ( cont 'd ) and like this . the doctor twist he wrist in a different direction . tj do the same . the doctor look for a pen . doctor ( cont 'd ) any pain or discomfort ? tj I do not know . it feel kinda weird , I can not tell . doctor it will feel strange for a few day , but should start to feel normal again soon . alright , lookin ' good . I s'pose I should write you a note for school . the doctor write the note . while he do so he make chit chat . doctor ( cont 'd ) how 's you dad do ? tj not great . I do not know . you should probably just ask he yourself . int . fair oak high school / classroom - day Mrs. elsberry drone on from the front of the class . ( continued ) 18 . continued : mrs elsberry if we consider that dream serve a metaphoric function in narrative fiction , as they do in life , what metaphoric function would you suggest the dream here be serve ? tj sit in the back of the class , by the window . a little pebble hit tj 's desk . it bounce onto the floor . tj look around to find where it come from - and then another one hit he in the head . he look out the window . hesher be right outside the window . he take the cap off of a large black magic marker . he hold it up to he nose and take a long slow inhale . he exhales slow and long , stare hard at tj. tj look around confuse . hesher recaps the marker , throw it hard at tj and wander off . the marker hit tj , then fall to floor near he foot . he reach for it . Mrs. elsberry see this . mrs elsberry ( cont 'd ) tj ! what be you do ? please pass that forward . tj pass the marker forward . Mrs. elsberry set the marker on she desk . mrs elsberry ( cont 'd ) you can collect this after class . she continue back to the chalkboard . mrs elsberry ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ok , so for we protagonist , be this dream premonition or desire or even nightmare perhaps ? ext . fair oak high school - afternoon it 's after school . kid be leave campus . tj wheel he bike across the school yard . ext . STREET - moment later tj ride he bike down the street . Dustin 's yellow mustang appear beside he . Dustin be boil . dustin you be fuckin ' dead . ( continued ) 19 . continued : we see that someone have draw - in big black marker - a crude picture of a body , sit on a toilet with a big erect penis . the picture be draw on the side of Dustin 's mustang door , so he real head line up with the draw . it 's draw in perspective so it look like Dustin 's head be attach to the naked defecate body to outsider . the word ' suck my cock ' have be scrawle beside the picture . Dustin swerve the car toward tj , narrowly miss he . tj cut into a large super market parking lot , attempt to get away . Dustin accelerate ahead of tj and screech to a halt in front of he , cut he off , almost hit he . tj stumble and fall off he bike . his bike land on top of he . Dustin jump out of he car and start beat tj in the middle of parking lot traffic . tj struggle just to protect himself , cower on the ground and cover he head . Dustin try to wrestle tj free of the bike so as to get a clearer shot at he . he drag tj by he T-shirt , rip it off in the process . and then a woman' voice - voice ( o.s. ) hey ! Dustin ignore the voice . he continue beat tj . voice ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey ! leave he alone ! Dustin ignore again . voice ( cont 'd ) hey ! I say stop it ! Dustin ignore one last time - a beat pass , then the woman , nicole ( mid -20s ) , appear behind Dustin and jump onto he back , bear hugging he face . nicole leave he alone ! Dustin shake erratically , Nicole have a tight grip on he , but eventually Dustin manage to throw she onto the ground . dustin what the fuck be you do lady ? Nicole pick herself up off the ground and hold up she fist like she 's ready to fight . she do not look very tough . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) nicole what be you do ?! Nicole stand defiantly between Dustin and tj . Dustin look around at the scene he 's create in the street . a man step out of he car . Dustin realize it 's time to go . dustin ( to tj ) I be not finish , you fuck . he get back into he car , slam the door and speed off . Nicole watch he go , then help tj up . tj be shirtless , scrawny , dirty and traumatize . nicole be you alright ? tj I do not know . ( beat ) be I bleed ? nicole I do not think so . be I ? tj I do not know . tj grab he T-shirt and pull it back on . he pick he bike up off the ground and hop on . he go to pedal , but the chain be bust . his peddle go nowhere . int . nicole's car - day Nicole drive . tj be in the passenger seat . tj 's bike be cramme in the back . nicole I can not believe he call I lady . do I look like a lady to you ? tj I do not know , I guess ? nicole thanks . I mean do I look old ? well anyway , at least I can say I have be in a fight . she think about this for a beat . tj be silent . ( continued ) 21 . continued : nicole ( cont 'd ) I can not believe he call I lady . tj notice a ice-cream cone sit in a cup-holder between the seat . tj I think you ice cream 's melting . nicole oh shit . she try to pick it up , suddenly flustered . it drip everywhere . she do not know what to do with it . it 's too melt to eat . nicole ( cont 'd ) ah , fuck it . she throw it out the window . nicole ( cont 'd ) hey , so I be kinda like a hero now , be not I ? tj look over confuse . tj what ? nicole well actually , I basically just do not want to have to go home and then spend the rest of the day feel bad about the fact that I do not help you and then hear about you on the news be beat to death in the parking lot . so you know , really I be just - I do it for I . I be just selfish . ( beat ) and I be sorry , I be sorry I be like that . tj be silent , he have no idea how to respond to this girl . she spot a gas station . nicole ( cont 'd ) oh , gas station . she quickly make a illegal turn into oncoming traffic . Cars honk at she . ( continued ) 22. continued : ( 2 ) nicole ( cont 'd ) whoaaa ... sorry , sorry . int . nicole's car / gas station - day they pull up next to a gas pump . nicole perfect landing . she get out of the car . nicole ( cont 'd ) you like black or red ? tj ah , I do not know , black ? nicole Black ? really ? be you sure ? tj ok , red ? nicole ok . Nicole walk off . tj watch she for a beat then he eye wander over the content of she messy car . he pick up a white name tag from the coin tray between the seat . it read : ralph be - hi my name be nicole , how can I help you ? tj look up and see Nicole head back to the car . he put the name tag down as the car door open and Nicole get in . she hand he a stick of red licorice cover in green sugar . nicole ( cont 'd ) Red it be . int . nicole's car - moment later Nicole and tj be drive . they eat sour licorice . tj 's not enjoy it , but not want she to know this . nicole it 's super sour be not it ? you do not have to eat it if you do not like it . tj it 's really sour . ( continued ) 23. continued : nicole I know , that 's the point . I use to hate this crazy sour stuff , I do not know what happen . I just recently acquire a taste for it . I do not even really know what 's in it , but I pretty much eat it all the time . and I be sure it 's make I fat . I just do not want to end up like that fat old lady you sometimes see , you know , the really fat one ? tj do not know what to make of she . nicole ( cont 'd ) I do not know why I be tell you this . anyway , I be secretly hope that you love this - holding up the licorice , then take a bite . nicole ( cont 'd ) so you could eat them for I . but now I can see you do not like they ' and I be kinda glad cuz it mean more for I . I guess I be sort of a hypocrite in a way . she smile at that . tj attempt to smile back , but he 's so confuse he end up make a strange face . he awkwardly look away . ext . forney house - day Nicole 's car pull up . tj get out and notice a dirty black van creep slowly around the corner toward they . this make he very nervous . tj ok , thanks for the ride . I really appreciate it . he hurry to the door . nicole hey ! tj turn . nicole ( cont 'd ) you want you bike ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : tj notice he bike still in Nicole 's back seat . tj shit . tj rush back . he drag it out of she car . tj ( cont 'd ) thanks . he wheel it back towards the house . tj go around the side of the house to the back door . he knock on the back door . grandma appear at the door . grandma hi , tj . what you do around the back ? grandma let tj in . tj be nervous . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous tj I just , I dunno . I be just dump my bike . tj head for the live room . tj ( cont 'd ) ( calling ) hey , dad ! grandma you dad 's go to the supermarket , honey . everything ok ? tj ah , yeah , ok . but tj be not listen . he can not stop think about that black van . he exit the kitchen . int . forney house / front door - day tj walk the hall carefully to the front door . he squint through the peephole . the black van be park directly in front of the house . tj can not see properly through the hole . he turn , to get a better look through the tv room window . 25 . int . forney house / tv room - continuous tj turn to the live room . there be hesher stand in the middle of the room with a dirty duffel bag over he shoulder . tj be petrify . they stand look at each other for a long moment . hesher where 's the laundry room ? tj my dad will be home soon . hesher where 's the laundry room ? tj why ? hesher you have get two second to tell I where the laundry room be before I tear you fuckin ' head off and skull fuck you . tj point to a door off the lounge . tj it 's through there . but why ? you can not - my dad 's gonna be home soon . hesher stare at he for a second , then head for the door . int . forney house / laundry - continuous hesher empty he sack into the wash machine . tj step into the room , wary . hesher ignore he . hesher strip off he T-shirt and jeans and add they to the load . he 's now stand in the laundry room wear underwear only . tj see bad burn scar run down hesher 's thigh . hesher pour laundry detergent liberally into the machine . tj what be you do ? you can not - hesher turn on a dime and grab tj by he throat and pin he against the wall . ( continued ) 26 . continued : hesher I swear to god . I will cut you face off . he close the lid . he wrench the dial around and click ' start ' . the machine begin a loud cycle . hesher exit . tj follow awkwardly . int . forney house / tv room - continuous hesher sit in the middle of the couch and light a cigarette . tj you can not smoke in here . hesher drag deep and blow the smoke out in a long whistle straight into the air above he . tj ( cont 'd ) you can not smoke . hesher flick he cigarette , ashing on the floor . tj ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? you can not smoke in here . hesher look at he and ash on the couch . tj ( cont 'd ) will you please put it out ? hesher can I put it out in you mouth ? tj what ?! wait . int . forney house / kitchen - day tj enter the kitchen . grandma be crumb chicken fillet at the counter . she 's listen to loud talk radio . tj go straight for the cupboard and look through they . grandma turn , eyebrow raise . she turn the radio down . grandma I be gonna make a cake . do you remember my cherry cake story ? tj get down on he knee and dig he way through the cupboard while grandma ramble , continue she chicken crumb . ( continued ) 27 . continued : grandma ( cont 'd ) I use to make a cherry cake all the time and it always come out just wonderful . one time I invite my doctor and he wife and I want to make a impression . I ask he to come see you dad in a play and he come and I say , ' would you like to come back to the house ? ' tj emerge from the cupboard with a bowl . he turn toward the sink and begin to fill it with water . grandma ( cont 'd ) and he say , or he wife say , ' yes they would like to come back . ' so earlier that day I make a cherry cake and I use a - I do not know it till afterwards , I use a new product - instead of crisco , I use fluffo . they never make it again that fluffo . tj grandma , can I hear the rest of you story later ? I be kinda busy . grandma oh , of course honey . int . forney house / tv room - continuous tj enter , carry the bowl . hesher be on the couch , smoking . the tv be now on . he flip channel . tj stand next to hesher . hesher look at he . the front door open and dad enter , wear old sweatpant , a dirty T-shirt , and carry a plastic grocery bag . he stop when he see the practically naked , greasy - haire guy smoking on the couch ( he ' bed ' ) . it 's a strange moment . dad tj , who 's this ? after a long uncomfortable silence , hesher stand and extend he hand . hesher my name 's hesher . call I hesher . ( continued ) 28 . continued : Paul have to rearrange the bag to shake he hand . hesher sit back down . dad ( to tj ) what 's he do ? tj he 's do laundry . they stand look at each other . tj be just plain stress out . dad why be he smoking in the house ? tj I do not know . hesher continue flipping channel . he 's not find anything he want . dad do you tell he he can not ? tj yes . hesher how come you only have four channel ? hesher get up off the couch and exit the room . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous hesher enter the kitchen . grandma be still crumb chicken . he start go through drawer right next to she . he do not acknowledge she . grandma notice he , but not seemingly he cigarette , he state of undress or he complete stranger - ness . grandma hello there . hesher hello , old lady . his cigarette be do . he flick it into the sink . it sizzle out . he open another drawer . dad enter with he grocery bag . ( continued ) 29 . continued : dad ( to hesher ) can I help you with something ? hesher shut the drawer . he 's hold a fork . hesher nope , I be good . he exit the kitchen . ext . forney house / backyard - continuous hesher stride across the back lawn in he underwear . tj and dad step out the door and watch he . hesher reach a telephone pole and climb it nimbly like a monkey . at the top , he fiddle around with the fork , bang and wrenching at the cable box . he drop the fork to the ground and begin he descent . only a couple of foot from the ground , he lose he grip and fall , crash down into a thick bush at the base of the pole . hesher motherfucker . tj and dad stand stare freeze . hesher lift himself up out of the bush , brushes himself off and head back to the house . he walk right past they and back inside . int . forney house / tv room - continuous hesher sit back down on the couch and begin to flip through the newly acquire channel . he find porn and drop the remote down beside he . he sit back and watch girl - on- girl action . tj and dad stand just inside the tv room , stunne , watch the newly acquire porn . then a loud buzz mark the end of the wash 's cycle sound from the laundry room . hesher get up off the couch and head for it . a stunne and silent ( bar the porn noise ) moment later , tj follow . ( continued ) 30 . continued : dad pick up the remote and switch the tv off . int . forney house / laundry - continuous hesher load he wet laundry into the dryer . tj 's nervous . tj so , ah , what be you do now ? hesher slam the dryer door shut and wrench the dial around . the dryer start up loud . hesher pretend he can not hear tj . hesher huh ? he turn and look into the garage which be right off the laundry room . he point inside . hesher ( cont 'd ) ( loud ) this you room ? tj ( huh ? ) that 's the garage . hesher walk into the garage with he bag and slam the door leave tj stand in the laundry room with the noisy dryer . int . forney house / dine room - night tj sit at the dinner table with dad and grandma . from the garage we hear a muffle bass guitar play loud and heavy . grandma do you friend want to eat some dinner dear ? tj he 's not hungry . grandma be you sure ? tj yeah , I be sure . dad what 's he do in the garage ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : tj I do not know . I say he could practice he guitar in there . grandma that 's great honey , it 's nice have a bit of music in the house again . be he a new friend ? tj yeah , sort of . grandma you know you grandfather play the harmonica for many year . tj do not respond . he eat . dad look on perplex , yet disconnect . int . forney house / bathroom - morning tj be dress for school , wet hair . he brushes he tooth . we can hear the sound of cartoon in the background . tj stop brush and listen a second . he have not hear cartoon at this hour in a long time . int . forney house / tv room - moment later tj enter the tv room . dad be lie on the couch . hesher sit on a armchair eat a bowl of cereal and watch cartoon . tj stand for a beat and watch they . this be strange . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous tj enter the kitchen . grandma pull a bottle of orange juice out of the fridge . grandma ( loudly ) hesher , would you like a glass of orange juice . hesher ( o.s. ) ah , yeah . sure . grandma Morning , tj. tj hi , grandma . ( continued ) 32 . continued : tj go to the counter . he pour cereal into a bowl . he grab the milk carton . he pour it into the bowl , but the carton 's empty . grandma oh , I be sorry , honey . we be out of milk . I can cook you up some egg if you like , dear . tj no , thanks . I do not have time . tj lean back and look into the tv room at hesher enjoy he milky cereal . grandma would you like to come for a walk with I today ? tj I can not , grandma . I gotta go to school . grandma no , I mean later . this afternoon . tj grab he backpack . tj I do not know . can you ask I when I get home ? grandma ok , honey . ext . fair oak high school / lunch yard - day the lunch yard be busy . the crowd clear a moment and we find tj sit on a bench in the shade , alone and depressed , hide away from the other kid . he drink from a can of soda . ext . fair oak car CITY - day tj ride he bike into the car lot . tj stand stare at the crash red volvo ( from the open scene ) that be park on the lot . he take a few deep breath . 33. int . fair oak car CITY / office - day tj walk up to a open office door and knock . Inside be larry tower . he look up . larry yes ? tj I need to talk to you . larry oh , yeah ? what about ? tj enter and sit opposite . tj I want to get the car back . larry yeah , I figure that . you make it pretty clear the last time you be here , and I think I make it pretty clear that I could not give it to you . tj what do I need to do to get it back ? larry the car 's not for sale . tj I want to get it back , though . how much do you want for it ? Larry take a breath . he do not want to be have this conversation . he count the obstacle out on he finger . larry I do not know . we be talk at least eighteen hundred dollar , not include tax , registration , adm , or dealer 's fee . on top of that , you would need a driver 's license . I be guess you do not have one of that . you would need valid car insurance . I be guess you do not have that either . but even if you do have this thing , I still could not sell it to you because the car 's not street legal . there 's a million reason why I can not sell it to you . ( continued ) 34 . continued : for a second it seem Larry feel sympathetic toward tj . larry ( cont 'd ) look kid , I appreciate you enthusiasm , I really do , but I do not know what to tell you . you can not have the car . end of story . tj churn all this over in he head . Larry think he 's make himself clear . he motion to the papers on he desk . larry ( cont 'd ) do you mind if I get back to it here ? ext . fair oak car CITY / office - continuous tj walk out of Larry 's office , forlorn . he walk across the showroom , head down , mumble angrily to himself . he be stop by a hand on he chest . it 's Dustin . dustin you be lucky I be at work right now . ext . STREET - day tj sit on he bike stare at a Ralph 's supermarket . int . ralph's supermarket - moment later Nicole be at the checkout , check grocery item . she finish with a customer and tj appear next in line , with a ice cream cone . nicole hi Sir , how be you today ? oh , hey . tj hey . nicole how 's it goin ' ? tj I get you a replacement ice cream . Nicole be a little take aback . nicole oh my god . that 's so sweet , thanks . tj smile awkwardly . he hand she the cone . ( continued ) 35 . continued : tj I pay for it over there . he point to the ice cream counter on the other side of the store . nicole oh , ok . she hold the cone , not quite sure what to do with it , not quite sure how to take this kid . nicole ( cont 'd ) thanks . tj ( nervous ) sure , ok . see ya . tj walk away . nicole see ya . Nicole watch he leave while a line of customer wait to be serve . she smile at the next customer , share the moment . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( to next customer ) hi. she start check the customer 's item , still hold she melting cone . she look up out the door . she can see tj outside , shaking he head and mumble to himself . he feel like a idiot . int . forney house - evening tj enter the house . dad be not on the couch . he head for the kitchen . he stop abruptly in the doorway . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous hesher and grandma be at the counter . grandma be baking a apple pie . hesher be joyfully eat the apple slice she be prepare for the pie . they do not notice tj. ( continued ) 36 . continued : grandma - and he wife say , yes they would like to come back to the house . ' so earlier that day I make a cherry cake and I use a new product - I do not know it till afterwards - I use fluffo . they never make it again that fluffo . it be a imitation brand . I serve the cake and there be silence . and then - grandma make a click sound with she tongue on the roof of she mouth . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) you put the cake in you mouth and it stick to the roof of you mouth . they could hardly swallow it . hesher find grandma 's story amusing , he laugh , never lose a beat while eat the delicious apple slice . grandma notice that tj be stand in the doorway . grandma ( cont 'd ) ( still laughing ) hi sweetheart . hesher glance over , he clearly do not give a shit about tj . tj be not impressed with hesher either . int . forney house / kitchen - night tj , grandma , dad and hesher all sit at the dinner table . they eat in a awkward silence . grandma break the ice . grandma so who 's come for a walk with I tomorrow morning ? again silence . clearly no one be jump at this opportunity . grandma ( cont 'd ) tj ? tj I can not grandma . I have school tomorrow . grandma ok , well you be always invite . ( continued ) 37 . continued : silence again . the sound of chew add to the awkwardness of this dinner . hesher so what ? everyone turn toward hesher . this be the first thing to come out of he mouth all night . he 's look at tj. hesher ( cont 'd ) so what school ? go on a walk with you grandma . grandma light up . grandma he 's right tj , it would be very good for you to get some fresh air . hesher you grandma go walk in the morning by herself ? you can not get you ass outta bed like a hour earlier ? she could get rape . dad stop chew . tj look at hesher like he 's crazy . hesher ( cont 'd ) I read about this shit all the time . grandmas get rape . you ever hear about that guy who kill like 13 old lady . tj what ? hesher fuckin ' Google it , dude . the granny killer , he kill like hella old lady by strangling they with they dirty panty . ( take a mouthful ) not all of they necessarily get fuck , but they all get penetrate by like the dude 's finger and I do not know , other shit too . dad that 's enough . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) hesher ( to tj ) I just think you grandma ask you to go on a walk , you should go with she so she do not get rape . grandma why would anyone rape I ? hesher I do not know , they do it , grandma . there 's some sick fuck out there . dad that 's enough . everyone continue to eat in silence . tj stare at hesher who be shovel food into he mouth . ext . fair oak high school / lunch yard - day tj sit alone in the busy yard , nibble halfheartedly on cracker from he lunch bag . kid 1 from the locker scene earlier appear beside he . kid 1 hey , teej . what be you do ? come sit with we , we be in we spot . tj what ? uh , ok . tj get up reluctantly , then notice hesher walk across the yard towards the bathroom follow by a emo kid with a skateboard . tj ( cont 'd ) I will meet you there in a second . tj walk off , follow hesher . kid 1 watch tj walk off toward the bathroom . int . fair oak high school / bathroom - day tj enter the bathroom . he hear voice come from a back stall . he walk towards they . in the end stall tj find hesher finish a drug deal with the emo kid . hesher hand he a bag of pot . the kid hand he money . tj stand and watch . the kid leave . ( continued ) 39 . continued : hesher shove the money in he pocket , ignore tj . he unzip he fly and turn to urinate in the bowl . tj what be you do here ? hesher piss . tj what be you do at my school ? hesher I be put out a fire . tj notice that he be not actually urinate in the bowl . he 's spraying he pee all over the seat and the lid and the wall and the floor . he finish and zip up . he turn and shove past tj. hesher look at he hair in the mirror , then exit . tj watch he leave , frustrated . he follow he out . int . fair oak high school / hall - continuous tj see hesher disappear through the crowd . from behind , tj be grab and drag back into the bathroom . int . fair oak high school / bathroom - continuous tj be swing by he backpack across the bathroom . his backpack get rip off he and he go down , slide across the pissy floor . he look up . it 's Dustin , seriously angry . tj leap up and shove Dustin back . Dustin stumble backwards and trip over tj 's bag in the middle of the bathroom floor . Dustin fall and land on he ass . he flounder embarrassingly . tj know he 's a dead man . Dustin jump up and grab tj by the back of he head . he shove tj 's face down onto the filthy urinal tray . tj struggle . dustin you fuck my car , you little prick . Dustin hold tj 's head down in the tray . he shove he face into the little yellow urinal deodorizer cake . dustin ( cont 'd ) eat the cake . tj go to lift himself up . Dustin punch he and then stand , put he foot on tj 's neck , jam tj 's head into the tray . he push the flusher . the urinal flush all over tj 's face . ( continued ) 40 . continued : dustin ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' eat it . hesher come back into the bathroom . Dustin turn and look at he , sense danger . tj look up from the bathroom floor , eye plead for help . hesher walk calmly towards tj and Dustin . but instead of save tj , he walk straight past they and into the stall where he just complete he drug deal . he grab he cigarette lighter from the top of toilet tank . he light a cigarette , take a long drag , blow the smoke in the air and walk back out again . Dustin watch he go . he put another boot into tj . dustin ( cont 'd ) it 's you birthday . eat you fuckin ' cake . ext . fair oak high school - day tj wait with he bike in the street outside the school . he 's beat up , wet and dirty . School 's out . most kid have already leave . dad pull up in grandma 's maroon buick . he get out and open the back door for tj 's bike . dad you ready ? tj I do not wanna go . dad it will be good for we , teej . c'mon . we will be late . dad take tj 's bike and start try to fit it in the backseat . tj I really do not want to go . dad I do not think anyone ever ' want to go ' to this thing . it 's suppose to be good for we . that 's the whole point . tj stand watch he dad struggle with the bike . dad ( cont 'd ) c'mon . give I a hand here . 41 . int . community CENTER - day tj and dad sit on beanbag set out in a circle of about 12 . eight of this beanbag have people sit on they - adult and a few kid . some drink tea and coffee from little styrofoam cup . the tone be sombre . dad and tj look unsure of themselves . the chairperson of the meeting be meryl , a 42 year - old grief counsellor . meryl ok , so welcome everyone to the transformational grief Group . my name be meryl . we should start off by go around the circle and introduce ourselves and briefly explain why we be here . hi miss , would you please start we off ? a heavy set woman , coleen , and she husband , jack , sit on beanbag look pale and sad . coleen we be the bolder family . I be coleen and this be my husband Jack . we daughter Cynthia be murder last year . ( she choke a bit ) she be the victim of a violent attack that be unfair and sick . she can not go on . her husband Jack set he hand on she shoulder . she be able to hold back the tear . coleen ( cont 'd ) we be here because we need help . we lose we baby and we be break . jack hi , my name be Jack . as my wife say , we be here hope for some answer and just some help with the pain . meryl thank you , coleen and Jack . welcome . weird silence . meryl ( cont 'd ) ( to dad and tj ) sir. dad shuffles in he seat , look around the group . ( continued ) 42 . continued : dad ah , ok . sure . my name be Paul forney . this be my son , tj . we be here today because we lose my wife , tj 's mother , a bit more than two month ago now . and ah , I do not know , we be still try to come to term with thing and , you know , just find some guidance of some kind , I guess , and , ah , yeah , so ... dad finish mid-sentence , then brief silence . meryl ok , great . welcome , Paul . tj ? would you like to introduce yourself , say a few word to the group ? tj not really . meryl wait to see if tj have anything more to add . he do not . meryl ok . that 's ok . ( to the person next to tj ) Nicholas , would you like to introduce yourself to the group ? ext . forney house / driveway - night dad and tj pull into the driveway of the forney house . hesher 's van be park haphazardly on the lawn . tj look at it with venom - a reminder of the afternoon . int . forney house - night tj burst through the front door . he walk through the tv room to the laundry room . he rip open the door to the garage and flick on the light . it 's empty except for a little pile of hesher 's stuff . he walk back through the live room as dad walk in through the front door , close it behind he . tj head to the kitchen . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous tj enter the kitchen . grandma be baking . ( continued ) 43. continued : grandma hi , honey . how be you special group ? tj Fine . tj exit the kitchen . he walk the hall to the bathroom . he turn the handle and enter . int . forney house / bathroom - night hesher be have a bubble bath , smoking a cigarette , totally calm . tj immediately let rip . tj fuck you ! hesher fuck you . tj fuck you . you let that fuck stick my head in a toilet and you do not do anything about it ? you stand there and fuck watch he do it ? hesher ignore tj . he watch he closely . he calmly take a drag of he cigarette and ash into the bath . tj ( cont 'd ) you stay in my grandma 's house ? you be take a bath in my fuck grandma 's bath ? hesher flick he butt in the bath and pull the plug . he stay recline as the water start gurgle down the drain . hesher stand . he 's totally naked . he do not care . tj wait for he to say something . anything . hesher step out of the bath , drip wet , naked . tj ( cont 'd ) say something ! tj shove he . hesher , in a flash , grab tj by throat and slam he against the wall . he hold he there for a second , stare at he intensely . hesher ( calm ) listen to I . ( more ) ( continued ) 44 . continued : hesher ( cont 'd ) I be gonna put some clothes on , then you be gonna meet I in my van . hesher let go of tj and walk out of the bathroom naked . int . hesher be van - night tj and hesher drive through the dark street of Fair oak . hesher finish a cigarette . wind blow in he hair . the van rattles . the sex pistol 's ' anarchy in the UK ' be blast . tj be still angry . tj where be we go ? hesher ignore he . tj ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? after a beat , tj turn the music down . hesher touch my stereo again , I will seriously fuck hurt you . hesher turn the music back up . tj be confuse . hesher drive into a gas station and pull on the handbrake . he light another cigarette . ext . gas station / van - continuous tj what be we do ? hesher get out of the van and slam the door shut . he go around the back of the van and open the back door . he pull something out and shut the door again . through the side- view mirror , tj can see hesher fill up a big beat - up plastic gas container . he continue to smoke . int . hesher be van - later hesher bring the van to a quiet halt across the street from a suburban house . he kill the engine and survey the area . tj have no idea where they be . tj what be we - ( continued ) 45 . continued : tj catch himself ask question , but stop himself mid- sentence . he look out the window and across the street and see Dustin Howard 's yellow mustang park in the drive . tj ( cont 'd ) ( oh shit ) what be you do ? hesher smile to himself - he 's look forward to this . he open the van door and climb out . tj be in a quiet panic . ext . dustin be house - continuous hesher open the van 's back door and grab the container of gasoline . tj appear beside he , still panicked . tj hey , seriously . what be you do ? hesher make he way across the street toward the house and the yellow mustang . he pour gasoline all over the car . he do this with confidence - he 's clearly have some practice . tj ( cont 'd ) ( loud whisper - too loud ) come on . this be insane . let 's get out of here . hesher ignore he and continue dousing the car with gas . the porch light come on . someone peel open the front window curtain and look out . tj and hesher drop to the ground behind the mustang . tj be terrify . he look over to hesher who be smile , in he element , this be the happiest we have see he . the curtain close but the porch light stay on . unfaze , hesher hop back up and empty the gas can onto the mustang . hesher stand a moment , admire the car , say a silent goodbye to it perhaps , as he pull a single bent cigarette from he pocket . he straighten it , then light it with a match . tj ( cont 'd ) ( quietly frantic ) c'mon , man . let 's just go . hesher take one long drag on the cigarette , then calmly flick the still light match onto the mustang . ( continued ) 46 . continued : instantly , it erupt in flame . hesher pick up the gas can and walk calmly back to the van . tj follow still franticly look back at the car and the house . hesher get in the van and throw the gas can into the back . tj go to the passenger door . it 's lock . he wrestle the handle , panic . tj ( cont 'd ) open the door ! it 's lock ! hesher start the van and pull away , leave tj strand in the street . the front door of the house open and a woman appear on the porch . discover the car in flame , she scream . tj take off , run across the street and through a neighbor 's yard , down the side of the neighbor 's house , with the woman on the porch scream at he . woman hey , get back here ! ext . street &amp ; backyard - night tj run . he jump fence and slip down the side of house . he 's run fast and breathe hard . he find he way out onto another dark and quiet street . he stop . he have no idea where he be or where to go . then - headlight appear at the end of the street . they bear down on he slowly . tj stand immobile . he can now see it be hesher 's van , approach slow and menace . the van stop about 10 foot from tj . a moment 's stand off . then hesher stick he head out the window . hesher get in . tj you fuck ditch I . hesher get in the van , dude . ( continued ) 47 . continued : tj do not move . he stare . hesher revs the engine . hesher revs the engine some more . tj still do not move . hesher floors the van . on tj - the headlight of the van bear down on he . hesher slam on the brake and the van screech to a halt inch from tj 's nose . tj do not flinch . he and hesher stare at each other through the windshield . hesher smile . he 's impressed . tj walk around to the passenger door . int . hesher be van - continuous tj climb in the passenger seat of the van . he 's surly . tj what the fuck 's wrong with you ?! hesher what ? tj what 's wrong with you ? hesher what 's the problem ? that 's the guy who put you in the toilet . tj yeah , but - hesher suddenly freeze , look round , motion for tj to ' shhh ' . hesher ( whisper ) something 's come . tj look around everywhere . what 's come ? then hesher let out a fart . he laugh . he put the van in gear and drive . he crank up the music . tj stare at hesher for a moment , then look straight ahead shaking he head . 48 . int . forney house / tj' room - day tj wake in bed , still shell - shocked from the previous night . he sit up and rub he eye . int . forney house / bathroom - moment later tj stand at the sink and begin to brush he tooth . he hear the doorbell ring . he hear muffle voice outside . int . forney house / hall - continuous tj exit the bathroom , still brush and walk the hall toward the voice . hesher be stand shirtless in the front doorway eat a banana , block the view to outside . as tj near the front door , hesher turn and move away to reveal grandma talk to two uniform police officer . hesher it 's for you . hesher disappear back into the house , smile at tj as he pass . cop be you Thomas forney ? tj ( toothbrush in mouth ) yeah . cop we would like to ask you some question . tj what about ? cop we would like you to come down to the station with we . tj what for ? dad ( o.s. ) what 's go on ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : tj turn . his dad be now sit up on the couch , blink in the light . he 's in he boxer . his hair 's a mess . he 's dopey . he 's just wake up . hesher emerge from the kitchen , head back to the garage , carry a glass of orange juice . hesher ( to dad ) cop . int . police station - day tj 's mug - shot be take . tj 's fingerprint be take . tj and he dad sit in a interview room . dad look confuse , dopey and dishevel . a uniform police officer enter with a file . he shut the door and sit . cop ok , so we be gonna have to let you go now . we may very well be call on you again very soon , but in the meantime , let this be a warning to you . regardless of what evidence we do or do not find , you have come to we attention today . we attention be not good . tj but I do not do anything . cop you hearing I here ? this be very serious crime we have be present with . let 's just say someone have be in that car , and they would burn - to death . we would be talk about manslaughter , possibly murder . have you think about that ? you would be sit here with detective from homicide right now . this be felony offence we be talk about , son . serious jail - time offence . tj nod , he dad look on . 50 . int . grandma's car - day tj 's in the passenger seat . his dad drive . they sit in silence for a little while . then dad speak - dad do you do it ? tj pause before answer . tj not really . dad not really ? tj I do not do it . dad what do `not really ' mean ? tj ignore he , stare out the car window . dad ( cont 'd ) tell I what ` not really ' mean . tj it mean I do not do it . dad no , it do not . why would you say ' not really ' ? tj I do not . dad you do . I hear you . tj I say I do not do it . dad yeah , before that . I ask if you do it . you say ` not really ' . tj I can not remember what I say . dad why would you do something like that ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : dad pull the car into the driveway and come to a abrupt stop . hesher be sit in a lawn chair in the middle of the driveway , sunbathing with he shirt off , drink beer . he have a farmer 's tan . tj jump out . dad stare at hesher from inside the car . hesher howdy . tj walk past hesher without look at he . int . forney house / tj' room - continuous tj enter and slam he door shut . tj sit on he bed . hesher enter without warning . hesher so what would the pig want ? tj what the fuck do you think !? hesher do they give you a cavity search ? tj what ? hesher do any of the cop put they finger in you butthole ? tj just fuck off , ok . hesher what would they do ? tj they take my fuck finger print ! hesher so what ? tj so what !? I can get into serious trouble . hesher oh , be that right ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : tj yeah , that 's right ! they do not take this shit lightly . hesher oh , they do not ? tj people could have be hurt ! if someone be kill it would have be consider murder . hesher feign concern . hesher really ? murder ? ( beat ) that 's badass shit . tj please just leave I alone . hesher ok , but first show I you best impression of a dumpling . tj what ? hesher you know , a dumpling , the chinese little thingy you eat - hesher hold up he thumb and index finger to show the size of a dumpling . tj shake he head , he 's not find this funny . hesher ( cont 'd ) come on , like this - hesher constrict all the muscle on he face imitate a dumpling , he look ridiculous . tj try to hold back a smile , but hesher look so absurd he can not . hesher ( cont 'd ) ok , you turn . tj shake he head , fight a smile . tj no . ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 2 ) hesher ok . and hesher be go in a flash . int . supermarket / canned good aisle - day tj be hide , peer down a aisle , watch Nicole work at the check out scan grocery . a can fall from one of the shelf just in front of he . it startles he . and then another one fall . he step along the shelf to where the can fall . he look through to the next aisle . nothing . then a voice from behind he . hesher do you think she be totally bald or do you think she 's more of a landing strip kind of chick or more of a 70' jungle bitch . tj be startle . hesher stand behind he , also watch Nicole . tj what be do here ? hesher you be stalking that chick , dude . tj no , I be not . hesher yeah , you be . I have be stalking you for half a hour . you gonna try to fuck she ? tj what ? no . hesher can not fuck she from here , dude . gotta be way closer . tj shut up about it . hesher you wanna poke she clam ? tj shut up . ( continued ) 54 . continued : tj be freak and embarrassed . he walk away down the aisle . hesher follow . hesher you wanna poke she clam or what ? tj please stop say that . tj walk ahead fast . he want out of this conversation . Nicole finish up , turn she light off and hang a ' check stand close ' sign . she walk off toward the back of the store . tj stop to be sure to avoid she . hesher you want to poke she clam , dude . nothing wrong with that . do not be ashamed about it . human have be poke vagina for hundred of year . long even . hesher say this a little too loud . nearby shopper look over . tj shake he head , then exit the store . hesher follow . hesher ( cont 'd ) bro , there 's nothing wrong with want a little pussy . ext . ralph's supermarket / parking lot - day tj unlock he bike from a pole . hesher where you go ? tj Home . hesher I will give you a ride . tj no thanks . hesher ok , but if you come with I it will take 5 minute and if you ride it will take you about 15 . tj get onto he bike . ( continued ) 55 . continued : hesher ( cont 'd ) come on dude , do not be silly , let 's just car pool . tj clearly do not want to ride he bike home , but he be reluctant to go with hesher . tj Fine , just do not talk to I . hesher I will not say shit . ext . ralph's supermarket / parking lot - moment later tj and hesher load tj 's bike into the back of hesher 's van . hesher close the back door and they get in . int . hesher be van - continuous hesher look dude , I be really sorry about the fire the other night - he wait a beat for tj to respond . tj be still mad , he say nothing . hesher ( cont 'd ) that be totally out of control . foolish and irresponsible actually . tj look at hesher , doubting he sincerity . hesher ( cont 'd ) I want you to have this - hesher reach into the back of the van and pick up a dirty magazine . he flip through some page and show tj a photo . tj push the magazine away , disgust . tj get that away from I . hesher dude be you gay ? I can not work you out . hesher spot Nicole get into she car . he drop the magazine on tj 's lap and fire up the engine . tj spot Nicole . ( continued ) 56 . continued : tj hey , what be you do ? hesher put the car in gear and begin to follow Nicole 's car out of the parking lot . tj ( cont 'd ) stop the car , I want to get out . hesher shush . tj open the door . hesher grab he arm . hesher ( cont 'd ) you get out of this van , I will rip you dick off and fuck she for you . hesher mean business . tj be silent and back on edge . Nicole drive through the parking lot . hesher follow she out of the lot and into the street . int . hesher be van / STREET - moment later hesher bob he head in time with a heavy metal track that blast from the stereo . tj be ignore hesher , look straight ahead at Nicole 's car . Nicole stop at a red light behind another car . hesher pull up behind she and start play air drum to the track . the light turn green . Nicole hit the gas , run straight into the back of the car in front which have not start move yet . hesher whoops . tj 's first impulse be to duck . hesher watch the road . we hear the sound of a angry driver yell at Nicole . through the windscreen we see the guy get out of he car , yell at Nicole . ext . STREET - continuous Nicole be flustered and begin to cry . the driver be inspect the smashed rear end of he car . nicole I be sorry . I do not - ( continued ) 57 . continued : driver you just mess up the back of my car you stupid idiot . you need to pay attention when you be drive a fuck car - hesher ( o.s. ) I think I can help here . hesher be out of the van approach on foot , smoking . hesher ( cont 'd ) I see the whole thing . the chick here be stop and you reverse right into she . driver what ? hesher I do not know what you fuck problem be , dude . why would you just reverse into she ? that 's fuckin ' retarded . driver what be you talk about ? int . hesher be van - same tj lift himself up again to see what 's go on . he sit low , conceal himself , and watch the altercation in the street . ext . STREET - continuous hesher and the driver face off . the driver be simultaneously bewilder and angry . driver be you out of you mind ? hesher you better start make like you be gonna pay she for the damage . driver I do not back into she . I do not know what you be talk about . hesher rip he shirt off , aggressively . hesher you call I a fuck liar , dude !? ( continued ) 58 . continued : the guy immediately begin back down . driver no , I , I , I be just say I do not know what 's go on here . hesher you be call I a fuck liar be what 's go on here . hesher push the guy hard . hesher ( cont 'd ) let 's go . driver look , I do not want any trouble , sir . hesher fight I cocksucker ! hesher be seriously amp up the street agro . the guy do not know what to do . he start head back to he car . driver this be ridiculous - hesher come back here and find out how ridiculous it be ! the guy get in he car and speed away , leave hesher ( shirtless ) and Nicole in the street . hesher stub he cigarette , now totally relaxed again . hesher ( cont 'd ) ok . see you later . hesher head back to the van . Nicole watch he not exactly sure what to say . hesher climb back into he van . int . hesher be van - continuous hesher slam the van door . tj be slouched way down in he chair out of sight . hesher get in and look ahead . Nicole 's car sputter and steam pour from under the hood . tj come on man , let 's just go . ( continued ) 59 . continued : hesher you sexy girlfriend 's in trouble . we be not go anywhere . hesher get out . tj duck . he can not see what 's go on . Long second pass . and then he door open . hesher be stand there next to Nicole . hesher ( cont 'd ) you know , tj ? this be now beyond embarrassing for tj . he can not even think straight . tj hey . ext . fair oak STREET - moment later tj and hesher push Nicole 's car off to the side of the road . int . hesher be van - moment later hesher drive . Nicole 's in the passenger seat shake by the turn she day have take . tj be in the back . nicole sometimes , you know , a day be bad and then when you think it could not get any worse you suddenly discover whole new way it can get worse . hesher reach over she and pull a joint from the glove compartment . he light the joint and take a big toke . he offer it to Nicole . nicole ( cont 'd ) no , thanks . hesher shrug and take another big toke then offer it to tj who also decline . ( continued ) 60 . continued : hesher this one time I have like four hella drunk chick in the back of the van , and we be go for it and I have one hand on this one girl 's tit and my other hand on this other chick 's twat , but there be like still two other girl want to get off so like I have my foot rub on one girl 's asshole while I be try to eat the other girl out , and I be go crazy man . it be too much . I could not work out which chick be which and I be make one girl cum but then I be forget about the other and my tongue 's hurt and my finger be get tired and like eventually I be just like ' fuck this . this be too much ' and I just step back . I just step back . and before you know it this girl be all work on each other , you know . they be all finger each other and eat each other out , you know , and I jerk myself off and everyone 's a winner , you know ? Nicole look at hesher like he 's crazy . tj be in the back - he can not believe what 's come out of hesher 's mouth . a moment pass . nicole be that some kind of pervert metaphor for I ? about how I should just step back and let thing work themselves out ? hesher a what ? he reach for the stereo and crank the knob - metallica 's , ' motorbreath ' blast through the speaker . as if he be possess by the music , hesher veer dangerously off the road onto a dirt patch . he have a craze look in he eye . tj and Nicole grab onto anything they can hold onto . hesher turn the wheel hard and floor the gas . the van spin in circle spraying dirt in every direction . tj get throw from the back seat onto the ground . dirt pour into the window and cover they from head to toe . hesher correct the wheel and veer back onto the road again . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) he turn the knob on the radio to a easy listen station . ub40 's ' Red Red wine ' play . a car honk as a angry driver pass . nicole what the hell be that ? hesher look over at Nicole . hesher I see a mouse . nicole what ? tj pick himself up off the van 's floor , dusting himself off . nicole ( cont 'd ) ( to tj ) be you ok ? tj I have dirt in my mouth . tj scrape he tongue with he finger . Nicole break a little smile . ext . suburban home - day the black van pull up curb-side outside a neat suburban home . hesher get out and walk , cover in dirt , to the front door of the house . he look in through the window , knock , wait . a old man open the door . they exchange a few word . hesher head back to the van and they drive off . Nicole and tj seem confuse . nicole who 's that guy ? hesher say nothing . they drive three house down the street and stop again . hesher get out . again he peer in the window , knock on the door . this time no answer . he head back to the van . Nicole and tj watch he approach from inside . he stick he head in . hesher we be here . come on , let 's go . nicole we be where ? hesher my uncle 's house . ( continued ) 62 . continued : hesher walk off toward the side gate of the house . Nicole and tj climb out of the van and follow hesher . Nicole seem cautious . tj know he 's on a adventure . hesher jump the side gate , then open it for the other . nicole what be that back there ? hesher what be what ? nicole that other house ? hesher wrong house . ext . suburban home / backyard - moment later in the backyard be a swim pool . Nicole and tj stand look in the pool . it 's a nice pool with a diving board . hesher walk up behind they and push they in . Nicole come up for air . nicole what the fuck !? hesher what ? you be dirty . nicole yeah , and now I be wet . hesher smile wide . hesher you be dirty and wet . I be come in ... he throw he T-shirt off and do a huge bomb into the pool . hesher ( cont 'd ) now I be dirty and wet too . he splashes water at she . he dive under the water . suddenly tj be pull under . Nicole can not see they under all the motion . then tj and hesher come burst up for air . ( continued ) 63. continued : nicole cut it out . hesher r2 ! shut down all the fucken ' trash compactor on the detention level ! hesher dive under the water again . Nicole squirm . hesher have she leg . he do not drag she under . he just tug she leg . she slap at the water . he tug she leg again . pretty soon she 's laugh . hesher 's head appear above water momentarily . hesher ( cont 'd ) ... all the fuck trash compactor ... ( underwater , then up again ) ...on the detention level !... he dive again . he pull she leg . she laugh hard . tj watch feel a little leave out . hesher jump up and climb out of the pool . he go to a garden table nearby . hesher ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . more trash come in ! he heave the table over and into the pool . he grab a banana lounge . hesher ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! he throw it in the pool . Nicole and tj have to dive out of the way . they go to the side of the pool and climb out laugh , while hesher continue heaving garden furniture , a barbecue and anything else in reach into the water . tj and Nicole sit on the edge of the pool with they leg dangle in the water . they be fully clothed and soaking wet . he walk off , around the side of the house , look for more thing to break . there be a awkward silent moment between tj and Nicole . tj look down and notice a small army of ant march along the side of the pool . he manage to get one to crawl onto the he finger . nicole so , how do you know this guy ? tj I do not know , he 's sort of move into my grandma 's house with we . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) nicole what , like he 's rent a room or something ? tj no , not really , I do not know , it 's kinda a long story . tj flick the ant off of he finger , then another one that 's climb up he arm . nicole do you realize that the equivalent to you flick that ant would be like one of we get hit in the face by a giant wreck ball at 100 mile a hour and get throw into the next yard ? tj stop mid ant flick . tj sorry , I ... nicole do you think the other ant be gonna wonder where that ant 's go ? do you think they gonna miss she ? tj do not know how to answer . hesher reappear with a container of lighter fluid and go to the diving board . he climb on and squirt the lighter fluid through he lighter , send stream of flame into the pool . hesher douse the diving board with lighter fluid and ignites it with he lighter . the diving board erupt into flame . nicole ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . hesher ( singing ) jump in the fi-re . hesher take a few step back then run toward the board . he spring through the flame into the air . he do a messy sideways flip . hesher ( cont 'd ) fuck you bitch !!! ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 3 ) he land in the pool splash tj and Nicole . he pull himself out and shake he hair around like a wet dog . he look over at the flame diving board . hesher ( cont 'd ) shit , look at that . hesher grab he shirt on he way toward the fence . he do not look back . hesher ( cont 'd ) I get a doctor 's appointment . tj what ? hesher hop over the fence . hesher ( o.s. ) ( yell ) it burn when I urinate ... hesher disappear over the fence . we hear he van start and peel away . the flame diving board pour black toxic smoke into the sky as it crumble into the pool . nicole do he just leave we ? I think we should get out of here . Nicole stand and head for the gate , tj tag behind . they jump the side fence and head out into the street , drip wet . ext . fair oak STREET - late afternoon tj &amp ; Nicole walk over the crest of a small hill on a tree-line street eat ice-cream cone . they walk in the middle of the road , still damp . the sun be set . the light be magical . tj my shoe be so squishy . tj step hard , squirting water out the side of he wet shoe . Nicole smile . nicole so , what 's he name ? tj hesher . ( continued ) 66 . continued : nicole hesher ?... be that a name ? tj I do not know . I guess ? nicole do he have a last name ? tj I do not know . nicole how old be he ? tj I do not know . nicole do you know anything about he ? tj not really . beat . nicole that be so lucky you guy be behind I when that guy get all mad about he car . I be freaking out . I do not really have any insurance right now . I just can not afford it . there 's no way I could afford to fix that guy 's car . how do people do this stuff ? I mean , I have a job . it 's kind of a joke though . I have be there for like a year and I be still only do like five hour a week . why be not they give I any more hour ? do you think it 's because they think I suck ? do you think I suck when I serve you at the checkout ? tj ( unsure ) no ? nicole I do not even get pay enough to really cover my rent . I be gonna have to start sell shit pretty soon . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) tj lick he ice cream , then reach into he pocket . tj here , I get two buck . nicole the sad thing be I could actually use it . ext . STREET - afternoon a parking ticket sit under the wiper on Nicole 's windshield . tj and Nicole approach the car , smile - and then Nicole see the ticket . her face sink immediately . nicole oh , no . please tell I that 's not a ticket ... she run the last few step to the car and rip the ticket from under the wiper . she read it quick . nicole ( cont 'd ) fuck , fuck , fuck it . she pace a couple of angry circle and then kick the car 's tire . it hurt she foot . she yelp . nicole ( cont 'd ) ah , shit . fuck it . in a small frenzy , she pull she key from she pocket and open the car door . she get in and slam the door behind she . she sit behind the wheel and yell , frustrated . tj stand in the street , uncomfortable , not know what to do . he go to the car and get in beside she . he sit , still not know what to say . she try to settle herself , but she 's still very emotional . nicole ( cont 'd ) what have I do to deserve this chain reaction of shit all the time ? sometimes I wonder if I be to die right now , if anyone would care , or even notice . tj I would . she let out a small disbely laugh . ( continued ) 68 . continued : nicole that 's nice of you to say , but I doubt it . tj I would . if you die right now . ( beat ) I would notice . tj think a moment . it 's a sweet and sour moment . he want to cheer Nicole up , but he 's remember he Mom at the same time . tj ( cont 'd ) mainly because I would be sit in a car with a dead lady . Nicole sniff , smile through she tear . nicole please do not call I lady . she smile warmly at tj. nicole ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . she put the key in the ignition and turn it . nothing . Nicole take a breath - not want to get upset again . she turn to tj and smile sadly . nicole ( cont 'd ) you wanna steer or push ? int . forney house - night tj enter the house , he leave he wet shoe and sock at the door . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous he enter the kitchen . hesher sit at the table , wait for he dinner . grandma be serve food onto plate . tj sit . hesher be smile . grandma hi tj. tj hey grandma . ( continued ) 69 . continued : hesher so do you fuck she ? tj what ?! no ?! dad enter tie the drawstring on he track pants . he look messy as ever . dad ( to tj ) where be you today ? tj what ? dad counsell - 3:30 , I be there by myself . tj oh , sorry . I forget . dad yeah , that 's real nice . this thing be for you just as much as it be for I . I wait outside school for 45 minute . tj yeah , well , I tell you I do not want to go . dad maybe you should let I know before you do not show up next time . tj I do . I tell you I do not want to go . I tell you a hundred time . dad no you do not . tj yes I do . you be just not listen . dad no you do not . what you tell I be that you do not want to go . you do not tell I that you be just not go to show up . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) tj what difference do it make ? dad for I a big difference . it mean , I be sit on a fuck beanbag in a room full of loser by myself . grandma set more food on the table . grandma boy please , I be not feel well . grandma head back to the kitchen to grab more food . there be silence at the table . dad ( to hesher ) can you pass I my pill ? hesher slide dad 's pill bottle over . hesher put he finger into the mashed potato and wiggle it around . hesher ( discreetly , to tj ) do you finger she twat ? tj shut the fuck up . dad ( swallowing pill ) tj. tj what ? hesher lick the potato off he finger . dad Language . I do not wanna hear it . tj do you hear what he just say ? dad I do not care . if I hear it again , you be go to you room . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 3 ) tj my room !? you gonna start punish I now ? dad maybe I need to . if it 's not the language , then it 's you lack of responsibility ... or I be have to escort you down to the police station . tj shit , dad . I be really sorry you have you ass drag off the couch . I be sorry you have to put some fuck underpant on for the first time in month . dad tj. tj what ?! tj sit and fume , nostril flaring . dad that 's enough . tj oh , what , soon as I be right , that 's enough ?! dad tj ! I do not want to hear one more word from you ! tj Fine . fuck this . tj sweep he plate off the table . it go crash onto the kitchen floor , food everywhere . grandma walk back into the room , look worried . hesher seem rivete , like he 's watch the tennis . and then dad sweep he plate off the table . crash , food , mess . he glare back at tj . dad that make you feel better ? tj wrench he chair back and storm off . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 4 ) dad sit a moment . with tj go , he reproach turn to shame . grandma and hesher make eye contact with each other . dad get up and leave the kitchen . hesher shovel some more food into he mouth . grandma look concerned . grandma do I miss something ? hesher ( mouth full ) not really . Paul come in and say some dumb shit which tj get angry about and so tj smashed he plate and then Paul smashed he plate too but I get a feel he smashed he one cuz he could not actually think of anything to say cuz he kinda know tj have a point and so now he feel bad about it and so he 's go somewhere . ( take another mouthful ) I do not know where . grandma contemplate this . grandma that boy have be through a lot . this make grandma very sad . grandma ( cont 'd ) sometimes I wonder if they be ever gonna smile again tear well in grandma 's eye . grandma be quietly cry . grandma ( cont 'd ) I just wish there be something more I could do . a long beat pass . hesher do not know what to say . he pour applesauce on he food . grandma look around the kitchen at the mess . she shake she head , take a deep breath and start clean up . she pick up bit of break plate and take they to the sink . hesher watch she . hesher this be delicious . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 5 ) grandma thank you , dear . hesher hold up a piece of bacon cover in applesauce and lick off the sauce . hesher what 's green and slimy and smell like bacon ? grandma I do not know , dear . hesher what 's green and slimy and smell like bacon ? grandma a worm ? I do not know . I be go to lie down . I be not feel well . I be very nauseate . hesher oh , ok . grandma exit . hesher finish the last few bite of he dinner . he notice dad 's pill bottle . he reach for they . he unscrew the lid and empty a few into he hand . he swallow the pill . int . forney house / grandma's bedroom doorway - night grandma lie in bed on top of she cover . hesher enter the doorway and knock lightly . hesher do you figure it out yet ? grandma figure what out , dear ? hesher what 's green and slimy and smell like bacon ? grandma no , not yet dear . can you do I a favor ? hesher sure , what ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : grandma will you please hand I that red tin on the cabinet dear ? hesher enter the room , grab the tin from on top of the cabinet and hand it to grandma on the bed . hesher Kermit the frog 's finger . grandma what ? hesher think about it ... miss piggy . grandma open she red tin and take out what look like a roll cigarette . hesher ( cont 'd ) woah , what 's that ? grandma oh , I be feel very nauseate . they be medical cigarettes that help I with the nausea . will you light a match for I , dear ? hesher ( impressed ) hang on a second . can I see that ? hesher sniff the " cigarette " . hesher ( cont 'd ) no shit . hesher set the " cigarette " down . hesher ( cont 'd ) I will be right back . hesher dash out of grandma 's room . after a few moment , he come back and sit on the edge of the bed . he be hold a glass bong . the bong have so much resin cake onto the side , it look as though a thousand pound of marijuana have be smoke through it . hesher ( cont 'd ) May I ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 2 ) hesher take one of grandma 's medical joint and break it in half and load the bowl of the pipe . grandma what be that ? hesher it 's a bong . the water filter the smoke . it 's probably the most healthy way to smoke weed . hesher light up and take a huge hit from the bong . he explain he technique to grandma while hold the smoke in . hesher ( cont 'd ) ok , so basically cover the hole here with you thumb then suck on the top and once the chamber fill with smoke , take you finger off the hole and suck in . hesher take a quick sip of air suck the smoke deeper into he lung . hesher ( cont 'd ) then try and hold the smoke in for as long as possible , ok bro ? grandma umm , ok . grandma take the bong and have a hit . it 's a bit clunky , but she manage to make it work . hesher ok , lift you finger . hesher help she . the smoke shoot into she lung . grandma begin to cough . grandma oh , wow ... that be a big one . hesher yeah , that be good . hit it again . grandma have another hit . it go well . she blow out the smoke . hesher take the bong off she and have another huge one for himself . he pass the bong back . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 3 ) grandma I think I be ok , dear . hesher take the last hit . he dust off the bowl and set the water pipe down . they sit for a moment and let the drug sink in . grandma ( cont 'd ) honey , how old be you ? hesher who want to know ? grandma I do not know . you seem a little older than tj. hesher who ? grandma oh , stop it . be not you a little old to be hang around tj all the time ? hesher be not you ? grandma no , I be he grandmother . hesher yeah , I guess you have a point ... ok , well I use to have a mouse . no , wait ... hang on a minute . I use to have a snake . and do you know what snake eat ? grandma actually , there 's no limit to the food item that you can even think of that a snake might eat . whatever be available in abundance would become the prey for the snake . depend on they growth , they diet - hesher cut she off . hesher yeah , ok , ok well , actually they eat mouse . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 4 ) grandma they do eat mouse . a lot of time snake eat other snake because they be the right shape - hesher yeah , ok , well anyway ... I use to have a snake and I feed it mouse . but one time I feed this little fuckin ' mouse to my snake and that mouse be tough . I drop that mouse in the snake 's tank and the snake would not go near he , and any time he try that mouse would just smack he with he little , you know ... hesher look at he hand , not know what mouse hand be call . hesher ( cont 'd ) with he little mouse hand . so instead of eat the mouse the snake just curl up cry in the corner and the mouse rule that fuckin ' cage . and this go on for week , the snake would not go near he . that tiny mouse use to sit in a little miniature lawn chair scratch he ball and shelling peanut and this snake be just too scared to go near it . and cuz the snake be scared of that mouse I have to feed he other mouse , but every time I drop another mouse in the tank , it would hide behind the brave mouse . and so eventually the snake starve to death . I have a cage full of mouse . grandma be stone and sleepy and fade out . grandma so be tj the mouse ? hesher maybe he be . grandma well then , what be I ? hesher you be a old lady . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 5 ) grandma no , I be a grandmother . hesher yes you be . and you know what grandmother ? I be gonna go on a walk with you in the morning . grandma oh , that 's nice . where be you go ? hesher I be not go anywhere . I be go with you . around the block , I guess . grandma oh , ok , well have a nice time . I will see you when you get back . hesher no , I be go with you . grandma ohh , ok , caauuse iii ... grandma have fall asleep , but mumble like she be continue the conversation . hesher smile to himself , turn off she lamp and exit the room . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous hesher enter . he stand over what 's leave of the mess on the kitchen floor . he light up a cigarette off the stove 's flame and take a long , slow drag , as he crouch down and start pick up piece of break plate from the pile . int . forney house / live room - morning dad be asleep on the couch . a single shaft of bright sunlight land on he face , cause he to stir . tj nimbly reach down to the table , cover with dirty dish and pill bottle , and quietly pick up he dad 's wallet . he remove a ATM card and place the wallet back where it be . he exit . ext . fair oak STREET / ATM - morning Close on a ATM card , slide into the slot . finger type number . a small stack of twenty dollar bill pour out . ( continued ) 79 . continued : tj put the money in a dirty envelope , pocket it and ride off on he bike . int . fair oak car CITY - morning tj walk through the showroom to Larry 's office . Larry be on the phone . tj stand and wait . Larry watch he . the kid be not go anywhere . larry yeah , why do not you just have he send they over ... sure ... Scott , can you hold on a minute ? ( to tj ) what do you want ? tj can I talk to you ? larry I be on the phone here . can you see that ? tj I need to talk to you . larry I be on the phone . wait outside . I will be with you in a minute . tj take a seat outside the office . Larry close the door . Dustin Howard appear . dustin the fuck be you do here ? tj I come to talk to he . dustin what about ? tj it 's none of you business . dustin what do you wanna talk to he about ? tj ignore he . Dustin tap tj 's leg with he foot . dustin ( cont 'd ) what do you want to talk about ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : tj just leave I alone . Larry 's door open . Larry emerge from he office . tj stand . larry what ? tj I get the money . larry what money ? tj the money for the car . larry what money for the car ? tj you say if I get eighteen hundred dollar I could have the car back . larry be you kid I ? ( beat ) I say , 'even if you have eighteen hundred dollar , I still could not sell it to you . ' even if you have five million dollar , I could not sell it to you . it 's not even here any more anyway , so that 's it . tj flinch . he be not expect this . tj what ? what do you mean - larry kid . leave I alone . I feel like I have have this conversation with you too many time already , but I can tell you we will not be have it again because the car 's go . tj what be you talk about ? larry it 's all over . it 's go . it 's not here . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) tj where 's it go ?! larry kid . it 's over . good bye . Larry step back into he office and shut the door . tj ( to dustin ) where 's it go ? Dustin smile . dustin and what make you think I be gonna tell you ? tj stare , angry . a awkward moment pass . he storm away , drag a water cooler down as he leave . it crash onto the ground . Water spill everywhere . ext . fair oak car CITY - continuous tj angrily wind he way toward the back of the lot . he stop at the spot where he mom 's car once be - now just a empty space . int . forney house / kitchen - same hesher be pour himself a bowl of Captain crunch berries . he pour milk onto the cereal . he do a half - heart side - to-side stretch , get ready for he walk . he look out the window - gray cloud suggest rain . he take the bowl with he out of the kitchen . int . forney house / hall - continuous hesher walk the hall , eat he bowl of crunch berries . he stop at grandma 's door and look in . he stop eat and stand strangely still for a moment . int . forney house / grandma's bedroom - continuous Inside , we see grandma 's foot stick out from behind the bed where she lie face down on the ground . hesher enter the room , cautiously . he stand at the end of the bed . he set he cereal bowl down , bend and shake she . no response . hesher grandma ? ( continued ) 82. continued : he shake she again , this time a little harder . nothing . he stand up , look at she still body . as he realize she be not waking up , he breath become fast , fight hard not to get emotional . ext . fair oak STREET - morning Gray cloud fill the sky . we hear distant thunder . on he bike , tj coast down the hill of a tree-line street . he 's upset and try hard to hold it back . ext . forney house / front porch - moment later tj drop he bike and enter the house . int . forney house / front door - continuous dad sit on the couch , he head in he hand . he look up . dad teej . hesher enter the room ... hesher fuck ! he punch a hold in the wall . he pace angrily back &amp ; forth . dad , hold back tear , get up off the coach and hug tj. tj what 's go on ? dad teej. grandma , she 's not .. she 's not waking up . tj what !? dad she will not wake up . short fast heavy breathe set in . tj what do you mean ? tj run over to grandma 's room and stop at the door . tj ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus . ( continued ) 83. continued : he disappear into the room for a second then emerge again in tear , he hand on he face . he head back to the live room . tj ( cont 'd ) what happen ? dad I do not know , she just , she just do not wake up . tj be in shock . he sit on the couch next to dad . they be both lose for word . hesher stand in the corner with he head shove between the wall . hesher join tj and dad on the couch . they be all raging inside , confuse , lose and upset . they sit together in silence for a long beat , in the same boat for the first time . hesher break the silence . he kick the table over as he stand . hesher I gotta get the fuck out of here before I hurt someone . he leave through the front door , leave it open behind he . tj get up in a daze and stand at the doorway look out . it have start to drizzle . int . forney house / grandma's bedroom - day tj stand in the doorway work up the nerve to enter . he enter and lean down to grandma and try to lift she onto the bed . she be heavy for he , he struggle . he get she on top of the bed and look at she for a moment . tj break into tear . he lean down onto the bed hold grandma , cry into she chest . int . forney house / tj' room - day tj sit on he bed and look inside the envelope of cash . he close it and seal it shut . on the front he write : ' nicole be parking ticket fund . love tj . ' int . forney house / tj' room - moment later Close on a small piece of paper with a hand write number . the number be dial on a phone . tj wait while the phone ring . answer machine . ( continued ) 84 . continued : nicole ( answering machine ) hi , it 's Nicole . I be not in right now , but leave a message and I will call you back . beep . tj ah , hi . it 's tj here . I , ah , I be sorry to bug you , but um , I do not know , I guess I want to talk to you right now . I do not know . I have a present for you too , so maybe I will just come drop it off or something , or ah , yeah ... um , ok . bye . he hang up the phone and exit . ext . forney house - afternoon tj walk out the front door . dad be quietly sit on the front step wear a T-shirt in the light rain . tj go to he bike . tj what be you do ? dad ( snapping to ) I do not know . get some fresh air , I guess . tj it 's start to rain . dad reach out he hand and catch a few drop . dad yeah . tj pick up he bike and ride . we stay with dad as tj disappear down the wet street . ext . STREET - afternoon tj ride he bike . he round a corner onto Nicole 's street . he jump off he bike outside she building and wheel it inside the front fence . 85 . ext . nicole's apartment - afternoon tj climb the stair of Nicole 's building . as he approach she apartment door , he hear loud , but muffle music . he knock on the door . no answer . the music be really loud . he knock again . no answer . he try the door handle . it give . he push the door open tentatively . int . nicole's apartment - continuous tj enter the apartment . the music be blast . he look around the live area . clothes be strewn around . he see hesher 's combat boot , T-shirt , jeans . tj look seriously troubled . we can faintly hear heavy breathe / moan come from the bedroom . tj walk over to a door . it 's a inch ajar . he push it open gently . we do not see what he see , but tj stand deathly still , eye wide , white as a ghost . we hear Nicole giggle . then - nicole ( o.s. ) oh shit . tj. tj storm away , head for the front door . he pull a lamp smash to the ground on he way out . ext . nicole's apartment - continuous tj charge down the stair . he grab he bike and head out into the street . Light rain fall . we see hesher appear behind he , barefoot and topless , buttone he jeans . tj notice hesher 's van park out the front , he drop he bike and grab a rusty pipe from a pile of garbage on the sidewalk and head straight toward the van . hesher hey , hey ... wait . tj take a hard swing into the van , smash the tail light . Nicole run out into the street , concerned , wear a oversize sweatshirt and underpant . hesher ( cont 'd ) hey ! the fuck be you do ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : tj ignore he and take another swing at the van . hesher approach tj . tj take a swing at he with the pipe . hesher step back . Nicole gasp , she hand to she mouth . she do not know what to say or do . tj fuck you . fuck you fuck you fuck you . hesher stop hit my van . tj fuck you . ( to nicole ) and you be a fuck whore . I hope you die . and when you do , no one 's gonna fuckin ' notice . ( breathes ) cuz you be a fat fuck prostitute . hesher step toward tj. hesher dude , chill out for a second . tj swing the pipe at hesher again . tj get the fuck away from I ! I will smash you in the face , I swear to God . back the fuck up . tj swing again . he 's so angry , he 's practically foam at the mouth . tj ( cont 'd ) I never want to see you or you ugly fuck face again . that go for both of you fuck asshole . tj throw the pipe at hesher . it hit the road with a loud clang . tj grab he bike and ride away furiously . hesher and Nicole watch tj ride away . it begin to rain hard . ext . STREET - afternoon tj glide he bike down a long hill in the pour rain , in tear . 87 . ext . forney house - evening tj ride up the front porch . a funeral home truck be park out the front - happy ever after be write on the side . tj drop he bike and enter the house . int . forney house / kitchen - continuous dad sit at the dining room table with a funeral director - a tall , lanky man . he talk in a draw , soft monotone . dad do not appear to be at all in the mood for this conversation . funeral director after the service we have complimentary lemonade in we wake room , but should you wish to upgrade to soda and sandwich we can arrange that . people typically like to have a light bite after the service . the front door slam . tj storm past the dining room table . the funeral director pause and watch he pass . the sound of tj 's bedroom door slamm shake the house . int . forney house / tj' room - evening tj be angrily pace back and forth . a gentle knock reveal dad at he door . dad be you ok ? tj refuse to look at he dad . tj will you just leave I alone . dad do not know what to say beyond this . he feel as lose as tj do . he leave the room . tj pace . int . forney house / garage - moment later he enter the garage violently . tj sweep hesher 's belonging off the work bench in the garage . he kick hesher 's sleep bag and pillow . a weathered bass guitar lean against a little amplifier . tj kick the guitar , snap it in two . out of breath , he stand in the mess he have create . something catch he eye . he contemplate this for a beat . ( continued ) 88. continued : Close on : garden shear . tj pocket they and exit the garage . int . forney house / hall / front door - continuous tj head straight toward the front door of the house . he exit . ext . forney house / front door - continuous it 's raining hard . tj storm out , just as hesher be make he way up the path , he van park on the street behind he . hesher reach out he arm to slow tj. hesher I wanna talk to you . tj push hesher 's arm out of the way . tj get you fuck hand away from I ! I tell you , I never want to see you again . hesher , at a loss , watch tj grab a brick from the muddy garden and throw it through the passenger side window of he van . hesher charge tj . he throw he into the muddy garden and kneel over he hold he by the collar of he hood sweatshirt . hesher I fuckin ' tell you , leave my van out of this ! hesher lift tj up and slam he back down on the ground , knock the wind out of he . tj struggle to get away . tj let go of I ! fuckin ' let go of I . dad run out the front door and pull hesher off tj by the back of he shirt . dad what in God 's name - hesher shake free from dad 's grip and punch he square in the nose . dad go down hard . hesher do not fuckin ' touch m- ( continued ) 89 . continued : without hesitation , tj jump on hesher 's back , bear hugging he face . they struggle for a beat , until hesher manage to throw tj off . he land on the wet grass like a ragdoll . hesher ( cont 'd ) fuck you both ! motherfucker ! hesher stand breathe hard , drip wet from the rain , fist clench . he turn back to he van , get in , slam the door and peel away . tj pick himself up out of the mud , grab he bike and ride off in the opposite direction . dad stand hold he bloody nose . he watch hesher , he watch tj . he be leave confuse and bleed in the pour rain . ext . dustin be house - night it 's raining cat and dog . tj stand outside Dustin 's house , soaking wet with he hoodie pull over he head , the garden shear in he hand . he walk around the side of the house and look in the window . int . dustin be house - continuous from tj 's Pov outside , we see Dustin in the kitchen prepare a sandwich , one eye on the tv . he take the sandwich to the couch in front of the tv and lie down . ext . dustin be house - continuous tj walk around the back of the house . he try the handle to the back door . it 's lock . tj see the dog door . he climb through the flap , try to be as quiet as possible . the tv be loud inside . int . dustin be house - continuous tj tread softly through the kitchen , soaking wet , shear poise . he walk through to the live area . he step behind the couch out of Dustin 's line of sight . Dustin 's bare foot hang off the end of the couch . tj duck down . he open the shear and carefully bring they down over Dustin 's big toe . he squeeze they shut ... Dustin squeal . ( continued ) 90 . continued : tj where 's my car ? dustin what be you do !? tj where 's my fuck car ? dustin be you crazy ?! tj you make I ask one more time , you toe 's come off . I swear to God . dustin it 's go to the wrecker 's . tj what ? dustin the wreck yard . tj bullshit . tj squeeze a little harder . Dustin squeal a little louder . dustin why would I be lie ? tj because you be a fuck asshole . tell I where it be . dustin it 's go to the wrecker 's . I swear to god. tj squeeze harder . Dustin squeal . dustin ( cont 'd ) I be not lie . it go to the wreck yard on sunrise near Red Bridge , yesterday afternoon . it 's there now . tj think , hold Dustin 's toe in he grip . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) dustin ( cont 'd ) I swear to God , man . it 's at the wreck yard on sunrise . tj if you be lie , I be gonna cut off every one of you finger . tj do not quite know what to do now . he stare at Dustin who look genuinely frighten . tj release the shear and back away . and the second he do so , Dustin leap off the couch , grab tj by the throat and slam he down on the live room floor . tj drop the shear . dustin you finish ? want to tell I something else while you be visit ? Dustin wail into tj . tj cower on the ground . punch land until - a lawn chair come crashing through the front window into the live room , raining glass everywhere . Dustin stop punch , stunne , and look up to see hesher , drip wet , step through the big nasty hole he have just make . hesher hello . dustin what the fuck ? Dustin move to stand . hesher pounce on he , drag he along the ground . he grab the shear and bring they straight up to Dustin 's nose . in the same movement , he snap the shear shut and take the end of Dustin 's nose off . Dustin squeal in pain and scurries backwards , clutching he face , blood leak between he finger . tj stand , stunne . tj what the fuck be wrong with you ? hesher what ? dustin oh my god , my nose ! tj what the fuck be wrong with you ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) hesher I just save you . tj you cut he nose off . hesher only a bit , it 's just a cut . Dustin be cry now , clutching he face . tj go to the kitchen . tj you just cut he nose off ! hesher what be you talk about ? tj run a rag under the tap and take it to Dustin . hesher stand , clutching the shear , confuse . tj hold this against you face . Dustin moan . hesher be still confuse . tj ( cont 'd ) you gotta stop the bleed . dustin oh my god ! hesher what 's you problem ? Dustin hold the rag . tj stand to face hesher . tj I want you outta my life . I be serious . I never want to see you again . how many time do I have say it ? they look at each other a moment . hesher look take aback . he honestly believe he be do a good thing . tj leave , through the front door . hesher stand over a whimper Dustin wonder what go wrong . 93. ext . red bridge - night tj ride he bike over a rickety red bridge . he pull he bike up outside the tall wire fence of a big dirty wreck yard - d&amp ; S Auto - wrecker . it 's still raining very hard . tj be soaking wet . he sit on he bike , look at mountain of wreck car inside . tj hop off he bike and shove it behind a dumpster . he get up on the dumpster and climb the wreck yard 's fence . ext . d&amp ;s wrecking yard - moment later tj roam the stack , look for he mother 's car . he look distraught . all around sit stack of wreck car . a vicious dog on a chain bark and snarl nearby . tj stop . he see he mom 's car atop a tall stack of wreck . he look at it a moment , contemplate what to do . he move to the base of the stack and begin to climb . he clamber slowly up the pile in the rain . it 's awkward and difficult and more than a little dangerous . finally he reach the top . he wrench open the car door and squeeze behind the wheel . int . red volvo - continuous tj sit , catch he breath . the rain clatter on the roof of the car . tj be up high enough to see the light of the surround neighborhood . he sit and contemplate the last few day and month of he life . he close he eye . int . middle CLASS home - day flashback a doorbell ring . tj run to the door wear the bottom half a suit . it 's the pizza man . tj hi. ( yell into house ) pizza 's here , I need money . dad , clean shaven , dress in a suit , come to the door and pay . ( continued ) 94 . continued : tj ( cont 'd ) ( yell into the house ) ok , pizza 's here . woman' voice ( o.s. ) ( yelling back ) alright , let 's do it . the woman come down the stair with she hair nicely do , wear a fancy pink dress , it 's tj 's mom . mom teej , c'mon sweetheart . we have to go . we be go to be late . tj what about the pizza ? mom we will eat it in the car . she begin to do up tj 's tie . mom ( cont 'd ) ( to dad ) honey , will you grab the present ? dad pick up a large box off the side table , it 's clearly heavy . dad Holy crap , what be this thing ? the three emerge from the house . tj be wear a suit and carry the pizza box , dad 's carry the heavy present , and Mom 's carry a bouquet of flower and she purse . dad stand at the door of a little white car . clearly the box be too big . dad ( cont 'd ) ah , slight problem . Mom open the back of she red volvo which be park right next to the white car . mom we will take my car . dad do a heel spin around the white car and head towards Mom 's red volvo , never lose a beat . dad sure thing . 95 . int . red volvo - continuous flashback dad 's drive , eat a slice of pizza . tj be in the backseat , look out the window , also eat pizza . Mom do she make - up in the visor mirror . dad I think we should keep the new one and give they we old one . mom that 's a great idea . I will be sure to let they know that we dirty old microwave be a gift from you . dad good . I be not even sure they know who I be . mom honey , they be my friend . please . dad ok , I just do not understand why they get so many present . mom a microwave and a bottle of scotch be hardly a lot of present . dad and flower . Mom half - laugh and shake she head . tj ( mouth full of pizza ) Mom can you turn on the radio ? mom sure honey . how about some oldy ? tj oldy but goody . Mom turn on the oldy station . dion and the belmont 's , " a teenager in Love " play . dad sing along . the car hit a bump . Mom smudge she lipstick . ( continued ) 96 . continued : mom ( to dad ) honey ? she turn to dad and we can see she lipstick have go up onto she cheek . she smile at dad . they all smile at this , then - from out of nowhere , the car be t- boned on the passenger 's side . the impact be massive . the noise be deafen . smashed glass . the car spin into the oncoming traffic and be hit by a delivery truck . the car flip . more deafen noise ... int . red volvo / d&amp ; S wrecking yard - morning tj wake in the wreck car at the wreck yard . the loud sound of crunching metal continue . tj be startle and disorient . he realize the car be move . ext . wrecking yard - continuous a crane be lift the car with a huge wreck yard magnet . as it rise off the stack , it dangle at a precarious angle . int . red volvo - continuous tj be throw through the car to be wedge up against the windshield . he panic . he yell . he squirm he way to the window and wave he arm wildly outside , yell , try to get the attention of the guy below . the car shift violently and tj slide out through the window . ext . d&amp ;s wrecking yard - continuous tj be hang dangerously out of the car , swinging he leg and scream at the top of he lung . his voice can barely be hear over the sound of machinery . a guy on the ground , mario , look up and spot tj . he frantically look to get the crane operator 's attention . mario ricky ! ( yell louder ) ricky ! kill it , man . ricky stick he head out of the crane cab , like he can not hear . ricky what ? mario kill it ! there 's someone in the car ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : mario point . ricky look up . both man can see tj dangle . ext . d&amp ;s wrecking yard - moment later as the car be lower tj jump the last few foot to the ground . mario lead he away from the car and the crane . mario what the hell be you do ? tj I do not know . mario what be you do in there ? tj I do not know . I be sorry . mario this car 's about to get crush . if I do not see you , you would be dead . tj I know . mario what be you think , man ? tj do not respond , he back away . mario watch he walk away , still disbely . he turn back to ricky and give he the all clear to start she up again . tj walk to the entrance gate while behind he he mom 's car be hoist high in the air . tj stop at a dirty vend machine by the gate . he pull coin from he pocket and slot they in . it spit out a chocolate bar . moment later tj stand with he half - eat chocolate bar while watch he Mom 's car get feed into a giant crush machine and compact into scrap . tear well in he eye . he feel helpless . int . forney house - day tj walk in the front door . dad jump up from the couch . he have a bandage on he nose and a black eye . he look distraught , like he 's be up all night . dad where have you be ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : tj sorry . dad where have you be ? tj I be sorry . I lose track of time . dad you lose track of time ? it 's ten in the morning ! tj I be sorry . dad I have be up all night . how be that fair to I ? tj I do not know . dad look at he , breathe hard . tear well in he eye . dad start cry , he 's fall to bit . dad just go to you room . dad know he 's be pathetic . tj walk off down the hall . int . forney house / tj' bedroom - later tj stand in front of a mirror try to correctly tie he neck tie . he make a sad attempt and leave it - it look wrong . there 's a knock at tj 's bedroom door , but the door do not open . dad ( o.s. ) there 's someone at the front door for you . int . forney house - day Nicole stand at the door . tj be unimpress with see she . he stand in the doorway look silly with he tie . tj hesher 's not here . nicole I come to see you . ( continued ) 99 . continued : tj why ? what do you want ? nicole I want to tell you something . tj stare at she . nicole ( cont 'd ) I do not know if I should come here or not , but I could not stop think about it . I think maybe if I come you would still just be really angry at I and hate I , but then I think if I do not you would think I do not care and you would hate I anyway , so I figure I might as well come , just in case , so here I be . tj yeah , well what do you want ? nicole I want to apologize . I feel bad about what happen . I do not take you feeling into consideration - tj yeah , well , whatever . it do not really matter . I have to go . nicole yes it do . it do to I . I like you , tj . we be friend . tj look at she , he do not really want to be mad at she . nicole ( cont 'd ) I understand if you do not want to be my friend . I do not mean to hurt you feeling . sometimes I just ... I do not know . I just want to come around and say all that , but maybe you still hate I and so it do not matter , but I just come round to say that , but I have say it now , so I should just go . so , ok , bye . Nicole walk off . she get half way across the lawn before - tj I be sorry I break you lamp . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) Nicole turn . nicole it 's ok . tj and I be sorry I call you a fat prostitute . nicole it 's ok . tj you be not fat . Nicole smile at this . nicole but I be a prostitute ? tj I dunno . maybe . they smile at one another . she cross the lawn back toward tj. she fix he tie . she smile again and then she leave . int . grandma's car / fair oak STREET - afternoon dad and tj sit in the front seat . they be still angry and not speak to each other . it be a unpleasant and uncomfortable ride . they both wear a suit and tie . ext . funeral home - afternoon dad and tj drive into the funeral home parking lot in grandma 's car . a few people be milling around . int . funeral home - day dad and tj enter the funeral home foyer . they look like they do not know where they be suppose to go . they be greet by the funeral director from earlier . he talk in a soft monotone whisper . funeral director Excuse I , Mr. forney , may I have a word ? he take dad aside . ( continued ) 101 . continued : funeral director ( cont 'd ) I hate to have to do this here , but there 's a couple of thing I need to discuss with you quickly , if that 's ok . dad ah , sure . funeral director I know that we discuss you preference for some aspect of today 's service , include you choice of the cedar casket which the insurance company have cover . unfortunately we be out of that and instead we have choose a mahogany casket . now there be a extra charge for the mahogany which I need to clear with you before we proceed . be that ok ? dad look confuse . he do not know how he 's suppose to respond . dad ah , I guess . funeral director ok , great , thank you . if you could just sign here . the director hand dad a fancy pen and hold out a dense order form for he to sign . funeral director ( cont 'd ) just at the bottom there . dad 's pen hover . he do not know where he 's signing . funeral director ( cont 'd ) just here , Mr. forney , just under that ... yes , that 's great . dad sign and hand the pen back . funeral director ( cont 'd ) now , just one other thing - we have another service follow yours today , we hate to do this , but we be go to have to try to get through yours as quickly as possible . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) the funeral director 's cell phone vibrate loudly on he belt . he ignore it . dad can not . funeral director ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to feel rush , but we be really under the pump today and I just think I should give you the head up . now , I notice , just look at you order of service ... ( beat , think ) ah , look , let 's play it by ear . we should be fine . dad look at the funeral director , not quite sure he 's hearing he right . the funeral director 's phone continue to vibrate . funeral director ( cont 'd ) ok . Excuse I . the funeral director walk away and answer he phone . int . service room - day the funeral director stand at the front of the room . he hit play on the in - house stereo - generic classical musak . tj and dad take seat next to each other , but they might as well be a hundred mile apart . about ten other people sit . the funeral director hit stop . he stand and approach the microphone . funeral director we be gather here today to mourn the loss and commemorate the life of madeleine france forney . ( to arrive late comer ) ah , if you could please take you seat as quickly as possible that would be great . thank you . ( he wait a beat ) madeleine be a beloved wife , mother , grandmother and friend . and now Mrs agnes rosowski , a dear friend and neighbor , will say a few quick word . mrs agnes rosowski hobble she way to the microphone . mrs rosowski I do not know madeleine long enough , but from the moment I move into the neighborhood so many year ago , she treat I as though I be part of the family . ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : mrs rosowski ( cont 'd ) madeleine always have open arm and welcome friend as kindly as she own . she have such a kind wonderful heart . while agnes speak , tj and dad notice the funeral director , off to the side , whisper business to two of he employee . he make every attempt to be subtle and discreet about it , but he be clearly struggle with today 's workload . mrs rosowski ( cont 'd ) we share so many wonderful walk and enjoy each other 's company very much . I will miss we walk . I will miss we talk and most of all , I will miss madeleine . I will always remember what she tell I , life be like walk in the rain , you can either hide and take shelter or you can just get wet . she be dear to I and she will always have a place in my heart . agnes place she hand on grandma 's coffin and stand for a long silent beat . mrs rosowski ( cont 'd ) I love you , madeleine . another draw out moment of silence . the funeral director take this opportunity to step to the microphone . funeral director ok , thank you , agnes ... agnes step towards she seat . when she see tj she stop . mrs rosowski tj , I think you should say something . the funeral director pause awkward . everyone look at tj. mrs rosowski ( cont 'd ) go on , tj. tj get up reluctantly . he do not know what to say . he stand at the microphone and struggle for a long beat , but nothing come out . tj sorry . tj make he way off the stage . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) sound of slow clap from the back . it 's hesher . his hair look extra greasy , he 's wear a dirty white budweiser T-shirt and he 's hold a tall can of beer under he arm which spill as he clap . he be very drunk . the funeral director try to wrap it up . funeral director ok , so at this point we should conclude today 's service with a moment 's silence , after which lemonade will be serve in the ... hesher actually , I would like to add to tj 's speech . I think I know where he be go with that . hesher stand and make he way to the front . the funeral director try politely to protest . funeral director I be sorry , sir ... dad stand up in the aisle and try to stop hesher . dad what be you do here ? up on the stage , funeral home employee begin wheeling grandma 's coffin away . hesher hey , hey , hey ... hesher push past dad and stop the coffin . hesher ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? get you fuckin ' hand off that box . the funeral director walk up to hesher . funeral director I be sorry , sir we really need to - hesher turn and stand at the microphone . hesher um ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 3 ) the funeral director look over to dad , not sure what to do . he lightly put he hand on hesher 's arm to guide he off stage . funeral director I be sorry , sir - hesher push the funeral director 's arm away hard . hesher you touch I again , I will rip you fuck head off and skull fuck you . the funeral director back off , scared and unsure of what to do . hesher ( cont 'd ) ah , ok . listen . I know you guy do not want I here and I do not want to fuck be here , but I be not here for I , I be fuckin ' here for she - hesher gesture to grandma 's coffin . hesher ( cont 'd ) - and I be not fuckin ' here to say goodbye or have my farewell or whatever the fuck you asshole call it - this be not how I want to say goodbye to someone I like - in this shit -hole with this - hesher point to the funeral director . hesher ( cont 'd ) - fuckin ' asshole . tj 's dad stand and interrupt . dad ok , this be enough - hesher yeah , well why do not you shut up for a second and listen cause I be go to say what I want to say and then you ' will never see I again . alright ?! there be a beat of silence . no one know what to say or do . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 4 ) hesher ( cont 'd ) I be here cause she 's be try to tell you guy something , but you do not want to listen ... so I be gonna fuckin ' break it down . hesher take a long pull from he beer can . hesher ( cont 'd ) I pull the gas tank from a old chevy and I want to fuckin ' blow it up , so I do . I do not think about the million of bit of metal that be gonna fly in every direction . I almost kill myself . I wake up in a hospital . I could not remember what happen and then this doctor at the end of my bed say ' son ' , and I say , ' do not call I son you fuckin ' cunt ' , then he say , ' you blow off you nut ' . some shrapnel have penetrate my leave scrotal sack and rip the furry sucker right off . my leave fuck nut be go , just like that . hesher make a magic disappear arm gesture , spilling a bit of beer on the floor . hesher ( cont 'd ) I go crazy . I assault a nurse , a doctor or two , I can not remember . I get arrest . I get send to juvie . but all I could think about day and night be my miss fuckin ' nut . I could not eat or sleep , I just want my fuck nut back . I have to get out of there and find it , so I bust out of juvie and go lookin ' for it . I look for day , but do not find shit . the tiny crowd listen , half offended , half intrigue . hesher ( cont 'd ) and then one night I be take a shit and I be just stare down at my ball , look at my flabby piece of sack where my leave nut use to be and then I notice my right nut , for like the first time . my right nut be just sit there , totally happy , just hang out . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 5 ) hesher ( cont 'd ) all this time I would be drive myself crazy think about my miss nut and not think about the nut I still have all along . and I realize , I have still get a nut . I have still get one good nut . God or the Devil or whoever leave I with one good nut . at least I do not lose both my nut . I have still get one good nut and it work , and my dick work too . hesher look up at tj and dad , sad and implore , he 's make he point . they look back at he stunne . hesher ( cont 'd ) you lose you mom . you lose you wife . I lose a nut . hesher take the last swig of he budweiser . he sway , drunk . this soak in with the crowd . hesher ( cont 'd ) fuck this . hesher throw the can down . he go to stomp on it . he miss and stumble , crash into the microphone podium , knock it over and fall in a heap with it . he start puke on the stage . a couple of old lady be horrify . the funeral director motion to he assistant that now be the time to move the coffin out . hesitantly , they obey . hesher look over from the floor . hesher ( cont 'd ) leave she alone . we be not finish yet . funeral director ( politely ) unfortunately sir , we need to be . they continue to push the coffin away . hesher lift himself up and wipe the vomit from he face and step toward the coffin . the funeral worker back away . hesher I tell grandma I be go on a walk with she and I be gonna do it ! determined , hesher lean down and unlock the wheel of the coffin stand . dad stand , not exactly sure what to do . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 6 ) with purpose hesher push the coffin down the stage ramp and down the center aisle of the room , toward the exit . he turn to tj - hesher ( cont 'd ) you promise grandma you would go on a walk with she . this be you last chance . hesher seem overcome with emotion , he continue push the coffin toward the exit and out through the door . tj and dad watch he , unsure . after a moment , they follow he to the door . they stand at the door watch hesher push the coffin out into the parking lot . tj be overcome with emotion , he eye well with tear . he head across the lot and catch up with hesher , join he on the walk . dad watch for a beat , he eye well up too , then he do the same . all three be now walk together through the funeral home parking lot with grandma 's coffin . they do not speak . it 's a release . other mourner watch from the doorway . ext . funeral home - continuous hesher wheel grandma 's coffin across the parking lot with tj and dad beside he . they seem solemn and strangely dignify in a dishevel way . hesher lead they out of the parking lot and into the street . traffic pass around they . some car come to a complete stop . hesher get the coffin up onto the sidewalk on the other side of the street and the three continue they silent walk with grandma . in slow motion the three walk . dad put he arm around tj 's shoulder , tj put he arm around dad 's . and then a cop car cruise beside they slow . the cop inside watch they . dad look over . one of the cop smile . ext . forney house - evening the cop car pull up outside the house . the back door open and hesher fall out onto the sidewalk , still very drunk . dad climb out and step over hesher help he to he foot . a cop speak to they from the open window . ( continued ) 109 . continued : officer ( smiling ) you will get he to bed now , will not you ? dad that 's the plan . hesher squirm and slur . hesher get you hand off I , pig . dad that 's the plan . the cop give they a casual wave as they car pull away . tj and dad help hesher across the lawn to the front door . we hold on the house for a beat . int . forney house / bathroom - next morning Close on scissors to beard . dad stand over the sink cut away at he beard . Golden sunlight pour in through the window . a moment later he lather he face up with shave cream . int . forney house / tj' room - morning there 's a gentle knock at the door . tj wake and make a big stretch . his hair 's a mess . tj come in . dad enter , he 's clean -shaven now . he look like a new man . dad Morning , teej . tj hey . look at you . dad I know . it feel weird . I can feel air on my face . tj I hardly recognize you . ( continued ) 110 . continued : dad I think hesher 's go . tj go where ? dad I do not know . but I think you should come take a look at this . ext . forney house / garage - moment later the garage door be open . the garage be flood with daylight and no sign of hesher . tj and dad walk across the garage to the open door . at the garage 's entrance they stop . they eye register something seriously unusual outside . ' master of puppet ' by metallica punch in . loud . a giant red cube of volvo scrap metal have be place in the center of the driveway like a huge piece of abstract art . they stand and stare at it , almost in awe . then from the across the street , we see the object in the driveway and tj and dad on the porch look at it . we also see the word ' hesher be here ! ' spray paint on the front of the house in big letter , as yet unseen by tj and dad . dad put he arm around tj 's shoulder . on the beat we CUT to : hesher moment : hesher rip on the guitar ; hesher blow something up ; hesher cupping a fart and put it in tj 's face ; hesher pantsing dad ; hesher metal salute grandma and grandma salute he back . hesher behind the wheel of he van , smoking a cigarette and make a direct line for the set sun . a mouse sit a in a tiny armchair like a human , shelling a peanut . he throw the shell over he shoulder watch the set sun . CUT to black : the end