Hidden figure screenplay by allison schroeder and Theodore melfi May 12 , 2015 ( base on the book " Hidden figure " by margot shetterly ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library base on a true story . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 1 . in darkness , the voice of a little girl . count . little girl ( v.o. ) 14 , 15 , 16...prime. 18 , prime . ext . tree line path - day a pair of little foot navigate down a gravel path . kick a pine cone . little girl ( 0.s. ) 20 , 21 , 22 , prime , 24 , 25 , 26 ... pull up , we reveal : katherine coleman ( 8 , ) a peculiar , quiet , mouse of a child , wear glass bigger than she bookish face . count to herself . a voice ( she mother 's ) in the distance holler out : joylette coleman ( 0.s. ) Katherine ! come on now ! Katherine look up . see a car stop at the end of the path . she run off . count all the way . titles over : White sulphur Springs , Virginia - 1926 ext . white sulphur spring grammar school - day a '' color '' grammar school . small , spirite . Katherine 's now between she parent ( dad : joshua and joylette , ) hold they hand as they enter . int . white sulphur spring grammar school - day - cont . a long hallway line with window . sitting on a bench , outside a principal 's office , Katherine sketches ( in a small notebook ) the window pane , highlight all the geometric shape she discover within : katherine ( @8 year old ) isoscele , scalene , obtuse , equilateral , rhombus ... on the window opposite she : the tetris-like pattern of she mind 's eye come alive . katherine ( @8 year old ) ( cont ’d ) trapezoid , tetrahedron , octahedron , dodecahedron ... and on she go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 2 . int . principal 's office - continuous Katherine 's parent sit across from the school 's principal , mr . marion smithson and Katherine 's teacher , ms. sumner . marion smithson West Virginia collegiate Institute be the best school for negros in the state . ms . sumner it 's the only school , past the eighth grade , anywhere close to here . joshua coleman Katherine 's in the sixth grade . ms . sumner they want to take she early . marion smithson they be offer a full scholarship . all you have to do be get there . joshua and joylette be overwhelm . they grasp each other 's hand . ms . sumner joshua , joylette ... we take up a collection amongst the teacher and such , a few parent . Ms. sumner hand joylette a envelope . ms . sumner ( cont ’d ) it 's not a whole lot , but it 'il surely help get you settle in . joylette accept the envelope . joylette coleman that 's beyond kind , Ms. sumner . ms . sumner in all my year of teach , I have never see a mind like the one you daughter have . you have to go . you have to see what she become . joylette start to tear . the kindness of people . joshua put he arm around he wife . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 3 . ext . road - institute , virginia - day the coleman family car , haul a trailer with all they belonging , drive past a pasture dot with cow . a road sign read : welcome to Institute , Virginia . int . coleman family car - drive - day - continuous Katherine 's crowded in the back seat with she sibling ( charle , margaret and horace . ) she stare out the window , study the cow whizzing by , the pattern on they hide form shape in she mind . she study the shape , only now she 's ... int . west virginia collegiate institute - another day ... stare out another window in a new classroom . a fancy classroom in a prestigious academy . the class be full of older student dress in the best they have . unbeknownst to Katherine , she new teacher , professor grave , be stand right in front of she . professor grave Ms. coleman . Katherine whip back to reality . embarrass . professor grave ( cont ’d ) you find something out there more interesting than quadratic equation ? katherine ( @8 year old ) yes , sir . I mean no , sir . Professor grave hold out a piece of chalk . professor grave why do not you figure out the equation on the board ? Katherine look at the chalkboard . the equation look Greek : symbol , sign , parenthetical . Professor grave push the chalk closer . professor grave ( cont 'd ) go on . Katherine take the chalk . stands . walk sheepishly to the front of the class . every eye on she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 4 . continued : she stand in front of the blackboard , the equation . Studies it for the longest time . inspecting every number , sign , symbol . wheel churn . then she start to write . slow and meticulous at first . then fast . faster . with passion and fury . the student crane they head . Professor grave rub he temple . and Katherine write on , chalk dust drop like snow from she chalk stick . on and on and on ... until she 's at the very bottom , far side of the board . she circle the answer . stands and face the class . the equation behind she dwarf she in stature . she clear she throat ... katherine ( @8 year old ) if the product of two term be zero , then common sense say at least one of the two term have to be zero to start with . so , if you move all the term over to one side , you can put the quadratics into a form that can be factore , allow that side of the equation to equal zero . once you have do that , it 's pretty straight forward from there ... you can hear a pin drop . there 's nothing to say . Katherine shuffles . adjust she glass . katherine ( @8 year old ) ( cont ’d ) -.. sir. Katherine walk back to she desk . we push in on the equation . the number . the endless , endless number . the title fade up : Hidden figure ext . road - day we float down towards a lone stretch of road in the middle of nowhere . infinity in all direction . a 1955 chevy impala sit on the shoulder , the hood up . the car - day - continuous katherine goble ( now 38 ) sit in the passenger seat , stare out the window . up into space . titles over : hampton , Virginia , 1961 ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 5 . continued : a holler crash the silence : dorothy ( 0.s. ) try and turn it over ! outside , a pair of leg poke out from under the car . dorothy ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Katherine ?! dorothy vaughan ( 40s ) slide out from under the car . no - nonsense , brilliant , tough , mechanically gift . dorothy ( cont 'd ) Mary !? at the back of the car , sit on the trunk , we find mary jackson ( 30ish ) put on lipstick . Mary 's a spirite beauty , free-tongued , unbridle . mary Katherine !? quit stare off into space ! turn the damn car over ! Mary bang on the rear window . Katherine snap out of she trance . katherine I get it . I be not deaf . mary I wonder some time . Katherine slide over to the driver 's seat . pump the gas . stamp the pedal to the floor . katherine here it go . she turn the key in the ignition . click , click , click . the engine whine , the car do not start . dorothy that 's the starter . it 's definitely the starter . mary that starter 's startin’ to make we late . we be all gonna be unemployed drive this hunk of junk to work everyday . dorothy you be welcome to walk the 16 mile . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 6 . continued : ( 2 ) katherine or sit on the back of the bus . mary wo not do neither . I x11 hitchhike . Mary model she hitchhike thumb , pose . just then , far in the distance , Mary see a police car come over the hill ... mary ( cont 'd ) Girls . dorothy and Katherine look . see the car come up fast . dorothy no crime in a break down car . mary no crime be negro either . Katherine get out of the car . dorothy stand up . katherine button it up , Mary . no one want to go to jail behind you mouth . mary I ’1ll do my best , sugar . the police car stop behind they . and the gruffest white cop step out . walk toward they . Silent . then ... white cop not a great place for the three of ya will to be havin’ car trouble . Mary can not help herself . mary we do not pick the place , Officer . it pick we . the White cop step into Mary . not interested in talk back . white cop you bein 's disrespectful ? Mary shake she head . mary no , sir . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 7 . continued : ( 3 ) white cop you have identification on ya ? Katherine jump in . katherine we sure do . we be just on we way to work . at langley . Katherine pull out she NASA id badge . hold it up for he to see . katherine ( cont 'd ) NASA , sir . dorothy specifies , hold up she NASA badge . dorothy we do a great deal of the calculate get we rocket into space . he turn he attention back to Mary . white cop all three of ya ? Mary pull out she NASA badge . mary yes , Officer . hmm . he take Mary 's badge . Studies it . inspect the back . it 's official . white cop NASA . that 's somethin’ . have no idea they hire - he stop himself from say '' colored . '' or worse . dorothy there be quite a few woman work in the Space Program , sir . she save he the embarrassment . he look toward the sky . paranoid . white cop damn Russians be watch we right now . sputnik . his wheel turn . shift gear . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 8 . continued : ( 4 ) white cop ( cont 'd ) you girl ever meet that astronaut ? the mercury 7 ? Mary lie through she tooth : mary absolutely . white cop Alan shepard ? John Glenn ? katherine we work with that gentleman all the time . the White cop get patriotic . white cop that boy be the best we get . that 's for sure . we have - to get a man up there before the commy do . Whole damn country 's count on ‘em . dorothy that 's for certain . mary hard to be of service break down on the side of the road though . the White cop spring into action . white cop that 's right . that 's right . you need a tow or somethin’ ? dorothy motion to Katherine to toss the screwdriver to she . she do . dorothy no , thank you , Officer . I think I get it , right here . just have to bypass the starter ... dorothy duck under the hood . cross the screwdriver across the battery pole . spark ! the engine start . dorothy ( cont ’d ) that 'a girl . we be all set . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 9 . continued : ( 5 ) white cop Hell . least I can do be give ya a escort . imagine ya will be run late . katherine oh , we would not want to trouble you . Mary butt in . mary that would be wonderful , Officer . damn Mary . ext . road - day - moment later the police car scream down the road at a million mile a hour . dorothy 's car lunge right on its tail . int . dorothy 's car - day - continuous Mary 's drive like a mad-woman . love every minute of it . dorothy 's in the passenger seat , white knuckling the dashboard . and Katherine 's in the back , hold onto the ceiling . pray . dorothy slow down , Mary ! you be too close ! mary he say to follow he . dorothy do not mean you hit he in the ass ! katherine dear Lord ... please ... I do not even know where to begin ! mary I nil tell you where to begin : three '' color '' woman be chase a white police officer down the highway in hampton , Virginia , 1961 . lady , that there be a God ordain miracle ! Mary scream ! dorothy burst out laugh . finally ... Katherine . Mary hit the gas . the car lunge forward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 10 . ext . NASA - langley research CENTER - day - later the sprawling campus of NASA : hangar , wind tunnel , research building , surround by tall , barb wire fence and security . the police car slow , pull to the shoulder , as dorothy 's car speed past . the White cop wave they on . and we camera float up to ... ext . space - day from the vast blackness of space ... look down on Planet Earth . quiet . picturesque . peaceful . then : a rumbling sound creep up . and the camera pan to find ... a massive rocket burn up through the earth 's atmosphere . atop the rocket , a capsule shake , rattles , grind . the noise be deafen . we then hear a russian voice , military - esque . the voice then translate into turkish ... matter of fact . and finally : the crackling voice of a radio communication in English . not happy at all . tense . crackling voice ( on radio ) approximate speed : 17,400 mph . ascend angle : 42.46 . close . int . the white house - continuous the oval Office . President Kennedy be hand a briefing doc . he 's worried . the voice of a aide : president 's aide ( 0.s. ) latest intelligence on the Soviet booster rocket still in relay , Mr. President . int . US central command - continuous a room pack with US military brass . jim webb , NASA administrator , a hard , powerful man , be front and center . all eye be on the radar screen plotting the rocket 's trajectory . crackling voice ( on radio ) disengage booster rocket . we be go . space -— continuous the booster rocket fall back to Earth , as the dislodge capsule float at we , into the black of space . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 11 . int . NASA tracking control room - hampton , VA - cont . Al Harrison stand in a control room pack with engineer . he lean forward , owl - eye on the massive screen tracking the rocket . and then : crackling voice ( on radio ) orbital entry be ...go . space - continuous the capsule twist on axis , revealing ... the blood -re hammer and sickle of the Soviet Union . this be korabl -sputnik - 4 . the Russian military communication crackle in : russian military announcer ( 0.s. ) ( in Russian , with English subtitles ) all system safe . confirm . orbital entry be establish . the oval office - day - moment later President Kennedy rub he eye . US central command - day - moment later dire mood . Jim webb pick up a ringing phone . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous Harrison , distraught , walk out of the room . a screening room - day - continuous a black and white film reel play . it 's a Russian Press Conference . a russian scientist be hold a small , wiry dog in a cosmonaut vest . this be zvezdochka , the world 's first space traveler : a Jack Russell terrier mix . he bark . russian scientist ( in Russian , subtitle in English ) Zvezdochka be ready to go again . ( motion to he side ) so be we comrade , Ivan . next to the scientist : a mannequin with a placard , ivan ivanovich , be propped up in a chair , dress as a cosmonaut . the Russian press laugh . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 12 . continued : russian scientist ( cont ’d ) now it be time . mother Russia will be first to put a human in space . the hoarse voice of Jim webb break in : jim webb ( 0.s. ) a goddamn dog ! and a goddamn mannequin ! webb step up out of he seat , the news reel play across he back . the screen room be pack with military brass and NASA engineer . include : Al Harrison , lead engineer , paul stafford , associate engineer , SAM turner , and Harrison 's Secretary , RUTH . jim webb ( cont 'd ) and then a 1.6 megaton rds -37 thermonuclear warhead drop down in the middle of Des Moines . Harrison stand , hold up he hand . the news reel abruptly stop . light come up . it 's funeral wake quiet . until , Paul stafford speak out of turn . paul stafford well , that 's a pretty big jump , sir . bad move . webb turn to stafford . jim webb who the hell be he ? Harrison defend he man . al harrison Paul stafford ...our lead engineer , Mr. webb . I think what he mean to say be that speculation , at least on we side of the equation , can be dangerous . webb wag a finger at stafford . jim webb you know what 's dangerous ... inaction . inaction and indecision . the Russians have a spy satellite lap the planet . take picture of God know what . the President be demand a immediate response . no more delay . Alan shepard , John Glenn , you uncle bob. do not matter , just get we up there , Harrison . we can not justify a space program that do not put anything in space . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 13 . continued : ( 2 ) webb walk out . a mass exodus . ext . hall of NASA ( IBM computer hallway ) - continuous footstep echo off the marble floor , as Harrison walk with Paul stafford , Sam Turner , Ruth , and the rest of the team . al harrison ( to stafford ) how do that feel in there , Paul ? do you think you enlighten the administrator ? stafford have no response . al harrison ( cont ’d ) he do not look enlighten to I . Harrison stop . he clean he glass . address SAM . al harrison ( cont ’d ) he look enlighten to you , Sam ? SAM turner not particularly . Paul nod . Harrison walk away . the team keep up . al harrison and just so you know , he 's not wrong about what he say in there . you know that , right ? because now that they can get up there , a bomb will follow . that 's what happen to all we good idea . Harrison stop again . stands in front of a window stare at something we can not see . he 's quiet for the longest time . al harrison ( cont ’d ) where 's the machine ? RUTH any day now , Mr. Harrison . al harrison any day now . what 's it call ? the initial ... the letter RUTH IBM . paul stafford International business machine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 14 . continued : Harrison jot a note in a mini notebook . al harrison Space be business . I needa mathematician . RUTH I will put in another request , sir . al harrison another request . Jesus Christ . we do not have a single person , in this entire building , that can handle analytic geometry ? RUTH that 's what I have be tell . al harrison well , tell I something else , Ruth . like we be go to find such a person , before the Russians plant a flag on the damn moon . he walk off again . mumbling . the team hustle after he . we stay at the window Harrison be stare into . it 's a stark white clean room . Bright ... and empty . ext . the west compute group - build - later nondescript brick . a sign read : West Computing Group . two professional black women lead we in . int . west hallway - continuous this be the other side of the track at NASA . no white marble here . concrete floor , no frill . we push toward a door label : '' West Computers , '' as the two Black woman enter . int . the west compute room - day - continuous the West Computing room be a dumpy rectangle of long table and mismatch chair below a '' color Computers '' sign . dorothy stand in front of two dozen black computer , woman of all shape and size , assign the day 's work . Katherine and Mary stand in back . dorothy Eleanor you be with bernie today in data reduction , Building 202 . ugh . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 15 . continued : eleanor date reduction ?! dorothy you be welcome to join the charmer in magnetoplasmadynamics . Eleanor hop up . eleanor no thank you , mar ’am . data reduction 's just fine . dorothy hold out paperwork . Eleanor take it . head to the door . dorothy Mary . Mary raise she hand like a school girl . mary present . dorothy the mercury 7 prototype have arrive for testing . Mr. Zielinski 's request you ... for permanent assignment . Mary can not contain herself . this be big news . mary be you serious ? dorothy get move . Mary literally jump to the front of the room . take she paperwork . mary thank you . thank you ! thank you , Jesus ! dorothy ( privately ) keep it inside , hon . the other girl ... Mary temper she boisterousness . button it up . mary sorry , dor. Mary wink at she . dorothy shake she head . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 16 . continued : ( 2 ) just then , in walk : vivian mitchell , supervisor of female Computers , flanke by she assistant . armful of worksheet and graph pad . the Group snap to attention . dorothy Mrs. Mitchell . vivian mitchell we be on double time this mornin’ , girl . I need this calculation before lunch . vivian 's Assistant dump the workload on the table . thud. vivian hand dorothy a assignment sheet . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) the Space Task Group need a computer asap . someone with a handle on analytic geometry . much to my chagrin , we can not fill the position outta the East Group . dorothy permanent or temp ? vivian mitchell everything 's temporary , dorothy . you have someone ? dorothy do not hesitate : dorothy yes , mar ’am . Katherine 's the gal for that . vivian look the room over . Katherine raise she hand , squirm : the Space Task Group be the ' be all . 's dorothy ( cont ’d ) she can handle any number you put in front of she . vivian size Katherine up . vivian mitchell I will check she credential . and with that , vivian swoops off . Assistant behind she . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) do not think of comin’ all the way down here . they exit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 17 . the west hallway —- moment later vivian and she Assistant walk away from the Computing room . dorothy come out , catch up . dorothy Mrs. Mitchell ... if I could - vivian stop . turn back . dorothy ( cont ’d ) my application for supervisor , mar ‘am . be wonder if they be still consider I for that position . vivian mitchell yes . well , the official word be : no . they be not assignin’ a permanent supervisor to the color Group . dorothy be sink . dorothy I see . May I ask why ? vivian mitchell I do not know '' why . '' I do not ask '' why . '' dorothy we need a supervisor , mar ’am . have not have one since Ms. jansen get sick . be almost a year . vivian mitchell thing be workin’ just fine as be , dorothy . dorothy I do the work of a supervisor . I be in charge of the Group , like a supervisor . vivian mitchell that 's NASA , for ya . fast with rocket ship . slow with advancement . ( change the subject ) get that trajectory calc work out . we need ‘em for the redstone test . vivian walk off . dorothy simmer inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 18 . ext . wind tunnel - NASA compound - day the sun bounce off the massive , silver sphere that house the wind tunnel . Mary , arm load with report and worksheet , walk briskly underneath the turbine . int . hallway to the wind tunnel - day Mary scoot down the hallway lead to the tunnel . she stop at the edge : for the first time she see the mercury 7 prototype capsule suspend in mid-air . her eye twinkle at the sight . the wind tunnel - continuous Mary amble under the mercury 7 capsule . she inspect every single bolt , every shingle . this be why she 's here . this be why she work at NASA . a PA announcement jar she back to reality : PA announcer Mach 2 tunnel test , t-minus one minute . Red light flash , a siren spin . Mary hustle off , through the tunnel . as fan start to whir . wind build . she 's almost at the end , when she misstep off the path . one of she high heel get catch in the grate . the wind tunnel control room - continuous Chief wind tunnel engineer : karl zielinski , 5as , Polish Jew , stare down from the glass control booth . he see Mary struggle with the shoe . the wind tunnel - continuous the wind pick up . Mary 's in a state . Fighting with the shoe . a voice over the PA shock she : zielinski ( over the PA ) no shoe be worth you life . Mary look up at the control booth . see Zielinski stare down at she . PA announcer Mach 2 tunnel test , t-minus ten , nine , eight ... Mary pull she foot out of the shoe and run one - shoed , hobbling toward the exit . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 19 . continued : PA announcer ( cont ’d ) Seven , six , five ... Mary step out of the tunnel . just as the wind become deafen . the wind tunnel control room - continuous Zielinski and wind tunnel engineer watch the Mach 2 test . the mercury 7 capsule be engulf in forceful wind . it shake . rattles . groan . Mary come up behind Zielinski . the bolt strain on the heat shield . pop ! one of they pop off , a shingle fly off the heat shield , hit the control booth window . crash . Engineers jump . then another two break off . crash . crash . a few more . bang. bang . Zielinski hold up he hand . zielinski shut it down . the wind subside . the wind tunnel - later Zielinski and Mary be walk around the mercury 7 capsule . inspecting . Mary 's take note . zielinski if we alter the exterior from smooth to corrugate , the capsule would have more stability , despite the air displacement . he stop , touch a indent in the heat shield . zielinski ( cont 'd ) but the friction it 's under during be - entry ... heat trump wind . it 's less predictable . note : most shield erosion occur on the posterior side abutte the retro-boosters . conclusion ? Mary look up from take note : mary the area close to the booster be close to the heat . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 20 . continued : mary ( cont 'd ) couple with rise temperature on be - entry , the contact soften . we could consider another fastener other than bolt . Zielinski nod approval . inspect another section of the capsule . zielinski there 's another open in the engineer train Program . she 's hear this before . deflect . mary flat head rivet could reduce wind drag . he turn to she . serious . zielinski Mary ... a person with a engineer 's mind should be a engineer . you can not be a Computer the rest of you life . that would be a tragic waste of you ability . mary Mr. Zielinski , I be a negro woman . I be not go to entertain the impossible . zielinski and I be a polish Jew whose parent die in a Nazi prison camp . now I be stand beneath a space ship that 's go to carry a astronaut to the star . I think we can say , we be live the impossible . let I ask ... if you be a white male , would you wish to be a engineer ? Mary do not need to think . mary I would not have to . I have already be one int . NASA hallway - later vivian Mitchell lead Katherine down a endless white hallway . briefing she : vivian mitchell skirt must be wear past the knee . sweater be prefer to blouse . no jewelry . a simple pearl necklace be the exception . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 21 . continued : vivian mitchell ( cont 'd ) you supervisor be Mr. Al Harrison , director of the Space Task Group . you will write research , proof calculation , so forth . do not talk to Mr. Harrison lest he talk to you . not many Computers last more than a few day , he 's be through a dozen in as many month . ( hand she a lanyard ) you clearance . Katherine take the lanyard . she 's overwhelm . they arrive at steel door label : Space Task Group . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) they have never have a color in here before , Katherine . do not embarrass I . vivian walk off , leave Katherine alone . she take a deep breath . walk into she future . int . space task group office - moment later Katherine step into a cyclone of activity and stress . engineer chalk equation on blackboard , slug coffee . aide and support staff scurry , answer phone . this be the Space Task Group : the world 's most exclusive scientific club . at the back of the room , Harrison pace in he glass bubble , talk with Karl Zielinski . for the briefest moment , everyone seem to be look at the black woman who just enter they world . but it 's just a pass moment , there 's far too much to do . engineer Sam Turner hand Katherine a trash can . SAM turner this be not emptied last night . katherine I be sorry . I be not - — he 's go before she can explain . Katherine see the only other woman in this zoo : Ruth . put the trash can down , walk she way . katherine ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , mar ’am , Mr. Harrison 's Computer report . Ruth barely look up from beneath a pile of worksheet . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 22 . continued : RUTH ( point , far off ) take the desk in the corner . i’11l get you work in a bit . she finally notice Katherine be ... black . pause . Katherine smile . Ruth consider she . her strength . her calm . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Mr. Harrison will not warm up to you , do not expect it . do you work , keep you head down . katherine thank you . Katherine linger . RUTH go on . get settle . Katherine walk to she station , way at the back of the room , against the wall . put she personal on the desk . sit . she look at the engineer toil aside she , it 's Paul stafford . he look at Katherine . do not smile . just study she . Harrison ( with Zielinski ) step out of he office , eat a sandwich . he bark : al harrison stafford , why be we still lose shingles off we heat shield ? stafford damn near jump . stafford we be work with a prototype of the capsule , Al . it 's one third the size - al harrison I get that . he turn to Zielinski . Dead serious . al harrison ( cont ’d ) well , do we need to turn we million dollar fan down , Karl ? zielinski no , Al . I do not think - ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 23 . continued : ( 2 ) al harrison of course not . that be a joke . back to stafford . al harrison ( cont ’d ) Paul . if the heat shield come off , what do you think happen to we astronaut ? stafford nod he head . al harrison ( cont ’d ) so we be go to come up with a solve , right ? stafford yes , sir . we be work on it . Harrison move on . al harrison Ruth . what 's the status on my Computer ? RUTH she 's right in front of you , Mr. Harrison . Ruth motion to Katherine . Harrison give she a once over . not what he expect either . al harrison do she know how to handle analytic geometry ? RUTH absolutely . and she speak . katherine I do , sir . al harrison which one ? katherine both , sir . geometry and speak . Harrison wave a finger at Ruth . al harrison then give she the - ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 24 . continued : ( 3 ) she know exactly what he 's talk about . she always know what he 's talk about . she snatch a bundle of worksheet off she desk , rush they to Katherine . al harrison ( cont ’d ) ( to Katherine ) do you think you can find I the frenet frame for that data use the Gram - Schmidt -- Katherine glance at the data sheet . katherine -- orthogonalization algorithm . yes , sir . I prefer it over euclidean coordinate . that 's all Harrison need to hear . she know she stuff . al harrison good . then , I be go to need it by the end of the day . and I be also go to ask you to check Mr. stafford 's math as well as other on this floor from time to time . stafford rebut . stafford I can work that out myself , Al . al harrison I be sure you can , Paul . I be sure all of you can . but if that be the case , shingles would not be fly off the heat shield , now would they . Harrison walk into the center of the Task Group . al harrison ( cont ’d ) Excuse I . I just want to be clear about something ... in 14 day the mercury 7 will be here for training and I have no doubt that they will be ask question about we work . do I need to remind everyone ... that we be put a human on top of a missile and shoot he into space ? it 's never be do before . and because it 's never be do ... everything we do between now and then be go to matter : it 's go to matter to they wife , they kid , I believe it 's go to matter to the whole damn country . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 25 . continued : ( 4 ) al harrison ( cont ’d ) so this Space Task Group will be as advertise . and Americas great engineering and scientific mind will not have a problem with have they work check . will they , Paul ? he wait . then ... nod all around . no issue . al harrison ( cont ’d ) good . so let 's have a amen , goddamnit . the entire space task group amen . Harrison plod off , into he office . the Group jump back into the work . Katherine arrange she personal . everything in it 's place . meticulous . she look over at a very frustrated and diminish stafford . he 's use a thick black marker to redact much of the data in a report . he feel Katherine 's gaze , and stare hostilely at she until she look away . Katherine put she head down , open Harrison 's bundle of worksheet . start to dive in . thud . a thick report land in front of she . she jolt . stafford 's stand above . stafford my number be spot on . katherine I 'il double check they , sir , not a problem . Katherine open the report . the black marker redaction be bleed through page and page of number . can not make out much . katherine ( cont 'd ) I be not go to be able - stafford work on what you can read . the rest be classified . you do not have clearance . stafford walk off . join Sam and a few colleague at the coffee maker . all clearly talk about Katherine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 26 . continued : ( 5 ) she hold stafford 's report up to the light . this be go to be impossible . then ...her foot start tapping , jittery . she cross she leg . have to pee something fierce . she walk over to Ruth , who 's on a phone call . katherine Excuse I ... Ruth hold she hand over the phone . katherine ( cont 'd ) May I ask you where the lady 's room be ? RUTH sorry , I have no idea where you bathroom be . Ruth return to she conversation . Katherine walk away . int . hallway - moment later Katherine rush down the hall , worksheet in she arm . search for a bathroom . her papers drop . at the far end of the hall ... she see the bathroom . thank God . she scoops the papers up . a trio of white women come out of the lady 's restroom . they stand outside the door , chat away . damn . Katherine gather herself , duck down another hallway . another hallway - moment later Katherine 's practically run . no '' color bathroom '' anywhere . ext . NASA ground - moment later Katherine push through steel door into the blind sun . see the West campus Building way off in the distance . 1 / 2 mile away to be exact . she run . int . west campus hallway - day - moment later Katherine sprint down the familiarly dingy West campus hall . she crash through a door label : '' color restroom . '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 27 . the restroom - moment later Katherine plop down on the toilet . she reach down to she foot , put the paperwork on she lap ... and keep work . calculate number . ext . NASA ground - moment later Katherine run back toward the East campus . as fast as she leg will take she . int . space task group - moment later Harrison , one ear glue to a phone , plunge out of he office , look for Katherine . not there . he holler at Ruth . al harrison where 's that girl with that number ? RUTH on a... break . al harrison ( to himself ) we take break now . Harrison return to he phone call . Katherine burst through the main door . Ruth intercept she : RUTH my God , where have you be ? be you finish yet ? katherine I be - almost . he say : the end of the day ? RUTH the end of the day around here be yesterday . Ruth thrust a double stack of worksheet at Katherine . thrice the size of the first . Harrison 's voice boom from above . al harrison I want that do first . Katherine startles . Harrison 's outside he office , still on the phone . then ...he disappear again . Katherine inspect the stack . Shell shocked . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 28 . continued : RUTH he want that do first . get go . Katherine hustle back to she station . on she way , she see Harrison stand in he bubble , still on the phone , stare right at she . she land at she desk . gather herself . open the new worksheet : mile and mile of data . this will be the longest day of she life . the coffee area - later Katherine 's head be bury in data sheet , as she step up to the coffee counter , hold she cup . she look around . only one coffee pot . she pick it up ... Sam look up from he desk . see Katherine pour she coffee . he look over at another engineer . they share a confuse look . other engineer look over . stafford see everyone stare , he follow they gaze to Katherine . now stir she coffee . Sam look to stafford , '' what the hell be she do ? '' Katherine turn back , see all the eye on she . put she head down and walk back to she desk . int . space task group - night - much later a black cleaning lady be wiping the coffee counter . the Space Task Group be all but abandon ... aside from Katherine work by lamp light at she desk . she finish she last calculation . look up and see : Harrison stand in he glass bubble . scribble on a chalk board . the only other person leave . she rise , take she report . walk up the stair . harrison be office - moment later Katherine tap on the glass door . katherine Mr. Harrison . Harrison wave she in . katherine ( cont 'd ) here you be , sir . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 29 . continued : without look . al harrison and stafford 's heat shield calc ? katherine it 's hard to be sure , sir . that 's not what he need to hear . he swivel to she . al harrison do you know what we be do here ? katherine we be try to put a man in space , sir . al harrison that 's right . so you can throw that in the trash . katherine Excuse I ? Harrison get up , move around he desk . al harrison I say you can throw it away . he gently take it out of Katherine 's confuse hand . al harrison ( cont ’d ) here . Harrison drop she report on top of a trash can overflow with dozen of similar report and worksheet . it 's a graveyard of obsolete work . al harrison ( cont ’d ) it 's not a insult to you work . Harrison go back to the board . obsess with the number , the logistic . al harrison ( cont ’d ) it 's just obsolete . that 's how fast thing be move . if I say I be sorry , I would be say it all day . Katherine 's immobile . floor . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 30 . continued : ( 2 ) al harrison ( cont ’d ) what I be ask you .. what I be ask everyone one in that room , all my geniuse , be to look beyond the number . to look around they . through they . for answer to question we do not even know to ask . math that do not yet exist . he study the math . al harrison ( cont ’d ) because without it , we be not go anywhere . we be stay on the ground . we be not fly into space ... we be not circle the earth . and we be certainly not touch the moon . and in my mind ... I be already there . Katherine have no word . al harrison ( cont ’d ) be you ? katherine yes , sir al harrison good . because I do not need another smart girl with a calculator . Harrison stop abruptly , take off he glass . clean they . Katherine be lose . finally : katherine can I go , sir ? Harrison remember she 's in the room . turn back : al harrison oh. yes . yes . go home . he turn back to the board . mumble to himself . katherine good night , sir . Katherine walk to the door . Harrison start calculate on the board . too engross to say good night . int . hallway - moment later Katherine walk down the lonely white hallway . she shake she fist in frustration . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 31 . ext . NASA ground - night Katherine push out a door , into the parking lot . she 's relieved to see : dorothy and Mary lean on the back of dorothy 's car . Katherine smile in relief . dorothy we have be wait for hour . next time you catch a bus . dorothy step into the car , start it up . Mary hold a door open for Katherine . mary ( be : dorothy ) she 's in a mood . Katherine and Mary hop in the car . int . dorothy 's car - later dorothy drive . Katherine 's in back . Mary 's shotgun , with she foot on the dash . the car be they sanctuary . dorothy I have not be late one day in ten year . have not be out sick . have not complain . my work 's on time . it 's do right . it 's do well . mary it 's not fair , that 's a fact . dorothy what 's not fair be have the responsibility of a supervisor , but not the title or the money . watch you all get move on . now do not get I wrong , any upward movement be movement for we all . it just be not movement for I . katherine Truth be tell , dorothy , I do not know if I can keep up in that room . I '’11 be back with the Computers in a week , or out of a job entirely . dorothy oh , please . you be better with the number than anyone in there and you know it . make that pencil move as fast as you mind do , you will be fine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 32 . continued : dorothy swat Mary 's foot off she dashboard . dorothy ( cont ’d ) and you . have some respect . get you damn foot off my dash board . this be not you live room . Mary sit up straight . Katherine sink back in she seat . it 's quiet . for a long time . then : dorothy ( cont ’d ) I sound like a supervisor , do not I ? dorothy smile wryly . Mary and Katherine breathe . mary a mean , ole salty one . katherine riddle with authority . no question . dorothy you do not mess with , Mrs. vaughan . dorothy turn the music up . ext . katherine 's house - night - later Katherine 's tiny , single - family brick house be modest but well - appoint . she drag up the walkway , wave goodbye to dorothy and Mary pull off the curb . int . katherine 's house - live room - continuous Katherine step inside . the only light shine from the kitchen , where she mother , joylette , be do dish . joylette coleman my word , Katherine . I be fix to call the National Guard . Katherine kiss she mom . katherine sorry , momma . New assignment . the Space Task Group . joylette coleman that sound important . it 's a promotion ? katherine it 's important and overwhelming ... maybe a slight promotion . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 33 . continued : joylette smile at she daughter . always the encourager . joylette coleman you want the job , right ? katherine I think so . it 's a challenge . joylette coleman nothing you can not do , Katherine . Katherine light up . joylette 's happy to see a spark in she daughter 's eye . katherine be they sleep already ? joylette coleman they be pretend to . they want they momma . Katherine smile . int . kid 's bedroom - continuous Katherine peek into the tiny bedroom . one unoccupy double bed . and one twin bed where she daughter joylette ( 10 ) be push back against constance ( 8 ) , and kathy ( 6 ) , who be try with all they might to shove joylette from the bed . Katherine step in , stop the madness . katherine what be you do !? constance it 's not fair joylette always get to sleep by herself ' cause she 's the oldest . joylette ( 10 ) it be too fair ! kathy nuh unh ! Katherine nod calmly , sit on the double bed . pat it . katherine constance , Kathy , come sit . constance and Kathy sit on either side of she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 34 . continued : katherine ( cont 'd ) I understand you want to be grow . and you want you own space . so I be willing to change the rule -- joylette ( 10 ) momma ! Katherine shoot she a look . joylette quiet . katherine whoever sleep in that bed in , joylette 's place , will also dry the dish , take out the trash , and do all the rest of joylette 's choir . constance and Kathy would rather die ! kathy that 's okay . never mind . constance she 's not so terrible to share with . as constance and Kathy get into bed , Katherine wink at joylette . joylette smile . katherine now do not let I come home , find you like this again . you should have be asleep . a long time ago . joylette ( 10 ) we just want to say '' good night . '' kathy you have be go for 300 hour . Katherine step to Kathy 's side of the bed . katherine I work full time now . you all know that . I have to be the mommy and the daddy . just the mention of '' daddy '' ... instant quiet . Long face . Katherine sit on the edge of constance and Kathy 's bed . katherine ( cont 'd ) I miss you father as much as anyone . kathy he 's with he angel . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 35 . continued : ( 2 ) katherine that 's right . he 's with all he angel . constance and he 's watch over we . katherine every minute . she tuck Kathy in . katherine ( cont 'd ) so , we be go to be strong . we be do cry about it . we have to all do we part now . which mean you have to go to bed like big girl . on you own . understand ? all three sibling yes , momma . Katherine move over to constance . tuck she in . constance be the Russians fix to attack we ? katherine where have you hear that ? constance my teacher . she say they be put spy and nuclear bomb up in space . joylette ( 10 ) cut in . joylette ( 10 ) we have to stay under we desk this morning . all scrunch up . katherine that 's just a drill . a precaution . Truth be , we do not know what they be do up there . Katherine move to joylette ( 10 ) , tuck she in . constance be you go up to space too , momma ? katherine no , baby . but I be go to help that brave man do it . the best I can . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 36 . continued : ( 3 ) Kathy pull out a picture she draw of Katherine in space . hand it to she . kathy you could fly to space too if you want to , momma . you could be a astronaut . Katherine 's touch . she smile at she baby . kiss they . katherine thank you , baby . now this time ... really go to bed . she turn off the lamp . ext . mcclean baptist church - another day picturesque , white church for a all black congregation . the church service - continuous Sunday morning . everyone 's on they foot . the room be pack with family . amongst they : Katherine , joylette ( Mom ) and the kid ; Mary , she husband levi and they kid ( levi , jr. ( 5 ) and carolyn marie ( 4 ) ) ; and dorothy and she husband , howard and they kid ( ann ( 16 ) , kathryn ( 14 ) , leonard ( 9 ) and kenneth ( 7 ) ) . the charismatic , pastor ayer , afire , preach from the hip . pastor ayre praise God that change be come . from the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , to the good reverend Dr. King , to the student sit in at lunch counter in North Carolina . amen all around . pastor ayre ( cont ’d ) his faith in we have no limit ! the good Lord have we very own woman workin’ on rocket ship ! all eye turn to we woman . here they stand proud , here they be revere . pastor ayre ( cont ’d ) and we have National guardsman defend we freedom ! on the front row , a tall drink of water , national guard colonel jim johnson , bow he head in recognition . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 37 . continued : pastor ayre ( cont ’d ) give a shout of praise for : Colonel Jim Johnson . returning home by the grace of God , to set up a National Guard unit right here in hampton ! cheer and clap . pastor ayre ( cont ’d ) can I get a '' hallelujah '' in here ?! refrain . behind the church - continuous a after service banquet : parishioner everywhere enjoy a outdoor pot-luck . Mary and she husband , Levi be serve they kid . a hushed argument : levi jackson now you want to be a engineer ? a female engineer . we be negro , baby . ai not no such thing . understand it . mary it 's not like that there , Levi . levi jackson the only real chance we be gonna have be when we fight back . you can not '' apply '' for freedom . freedom be never grant to the oppress . it 's get to be demand . taken . mary Levi , please . stop quote you slogan at I . I have hear they all . there 's more than one way to achieve something . Levi , Jr. interrupt : levi JR . I do not want any green . levi jackson I tell you about interruptin’ ? Mary step in , replace the green with mac and cheese . mary try this , baby . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 38 . continued : levi jackson he 's gonna eat the green too . Levi push the green back on he son 's plate . levi jackson ( cont ’d ) kid need to eat vegetable . you would know that , if you be home . Mary have hear enough . mary you better settle , Levi Jackson . less you want this female 's mind right here , front of everybody . Levi back down . Hell hath no fury ... levi jackson all I be say , do not play a fool . I do not want to see you get hurt . NASA 's never give you gal you due , have another degree will not change that . Civil rights be not always civil . he walk off . Mary serve green to she daughter , carolyn . cut she off before she can complain : mary no lip , little miss . you brother get they , so do you . picnic table - moment later Katherine and dorothy be feed they kid , try to have a conversation . dorothy I hear he 's plan on stay in the area . katherine that 's good for he . Mary walk up , cut in : mary Katherine , go find you way over there . that Colonel Jim 's a tall glass of water . across the green : Jim Johnson 's talk to dorothy 's husband , Howard . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 39 . continued : dorothy that he be . tall. strong. command . mary probably like that day ... and night . katherine Mary , it 's Sunday . have some shame . mary I will not . they laugh . Jim Johnson smile over at Katherine . dorothy I think he 's smile over here . mary ( to Katherine ) at you . Katherine look . yep . katherine I be not smile back . dorothy and Mary look at Katherine . dorothy yes , you be . mary you be all tooth right now . katherine I be not . she be . Katherine turn away . dorothy he 's come this way . katherine why 's he do that ? dorothy Mary 's wave he over . sure enough , Mary 's wave he over . katherine lady , I do not know if I be - ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 40 . continued : ( 2 ) mary too late . fix you hair on the side . Jim Johnson arrive . dorothy waste no time : dorothy hello , Colonel . I be dorothy vaughan . this be Mary Jackson . I believe you meet she husband , Levi . Jim nod hellos . jim johnson yes , mar ’am . good to meet ya will . dorothy and this be Katherine goble . Jim and Katherine lock eye . Mary blurt out : mary she 's not marry . she 's a widow . with three little girl , so well - behave . angel on earth , we call ‘em . she can tell you the rest . dorothy , slice - a pie ? dorothy I have love one . and with that , Mary and dorothy leave Katherine alone with Colonel Jim . he smile at she . the ground - later Katherine and Jim be walk through the grass . jim johnson pastor mention you be a '' Computer '' at NASA . what 's that entail ? katherine we calculate the mathematics necessary to enable launch and landing for the Space Program . jim johnson Aeronautics . pretty heady stuff . they let woman handle that kind of - he stop himself . too late . backpedal . jim johnson ( cont ’d ) well . that 's not what I mean . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 41 . continued : katherine what do you mean ? jim johnson I be just surprised something so ... taxing - Katherine stop he . katherine Mr. Johnson , it may be best if you quit talk right now . jim johnson I be not meaning any disrespect - katherine i‘1l have you know , I be the first negro female student at West Virginia University Graduate School . on any give day I analyze the manometer level for air displacement , friction and velocity and compute over 10,000 calculation by cosine , square root and lately analytic geometry . by hand . there be 20 bright , highly capable negro woman in the West Computing Group . and we be proud to be do we part for the country . Katherine adjust she glass . katherine ( cont 'd ) so , yes ... they let woman do some thing over at NASA , Mr. Johnson . but it 's not because we wear skirt ... it 's because we wear glass . she walk off . Jim Johnson watch she go , he 's speechless . and very , very entice . ext . NASA ground - MAIN STREET - another day the energy of a parade . a marching band play , you be a Grand Old flag . a military motorcade roar to a stop , and out step the guest of honor : the mercury 7 astronaut : alan shepard , gus grissom , JOHN glenn , scott carpenter , wally schirra , gordon cooper , and deke slayton . Harrison 's the first to greet the mercury 7 . shake hand . make introduction . Ruth and Sam be amongst the welcoming committee . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 42 . continued : the entire NASA staff be line up in the parking lot . a receive line . at the end of this very long line of white male NASA employees ... we find white female NASA employees . and after that ...our '' color Computers . '' dorothy 's first , proudly next to Katherine and Mary . she bio the astronaut for Katherine and Mary . dorothy Alan shepard . US navy pilot . he could be the first man in space . Alan shepard wave at the crowd . dorothy ( cont ’d ) that 's Scott carpenter and walter schirra . also navy pilot . Shots of the mercury 7 intercut . dorothy ( cont ’d ) all under 5'11 '' , 180 lb . iqs over 130 . mary handsome must be a requirement too . katherine how can you possibly be ogling this white man ? mary it 's equal rights . I have the right to see fine in every color . Harrison lead the astronaut down the receive line . John Glenn shake hand . dorothy that 's John Glenn . the only Marine Corps pilot . a dash John Glenn shake a NASA engineer 's hand . dorothy ( cont ’d ) and that three there be airforce : Gus Grissom , Gordon Cooper and deke slayton . the mercury team land in front of vivian Mitchell and the East Computers . handshakes . Ruth end the procession . RUTH gentlemen , if we may ... much to see around here . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 43 . continued : ( 2 ) the mercury team follow Ruth . John Glenn catch dorothy stare at he from the end of the line . he stop . JOHN glenn heck , have not shake all the hand yet . RUTH we have a fairly tight itinerary , Colonel . al harrison ( let she know it 's okay ) Ruth - too late , John Glenn 's already go . head to the end of the line . the mercury team follow . dorothy sweet mother of mercy . they be come this way . katherine look straight ahead . mary shoot , look right at ‘em . Mary stare at the astronaut as they approach . vivian see they head to Mary , Katherine and dorothy 's way . hmm . John Glenn stop in front of dorothy . JOHN glenn lady . do not wanna run off without say hello . they seem to be in a big rush around here . dorothy look he in the eye . dorothy the Russians certainly be not slow down any . he smile . joke : JOHN glenn they can not make a damn ' frigerator , how the heck they beat we into space ? dorothy laugh . John Glenn offer he hand . they shake . he move on to Katherine . hold out he hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 44 . continued : ( 3 ) JOHN glenn ( cont ’d ) what do you gal do for NASA ? katherine calculate you trajectory , sir . Launch and landing . JOHN glenn can not get anywhere without the number . katherine no , sir . he offer Mary he hand . she do not wait for the introduction . mary Mary Jackson , Mr. glenn. Engineering . proud as the devil to be workin’ with you . JOHN glenn thank you , Mary . he smile at she . Mary could faint . John Glenn move down the line . shake hand . the other astronaut follow . int . NASA airplane hangar - day a press conference . camera flashbulb pop incessantly . the mercury 7 astronaut sit at a table in front of dozen of reporter and news cameras . a reporter holler out to John Glenn : reporter Colonel Glenn , medical expert have state that a man cannot survive in Zero - G . what be you feeling on the danger of space flight ? be you scared at all ? John Glenn lean down to he mic . JOHN glenn well . I only discuss my ' feeling 's with the missus . laughter . they love this man . JOHN glenn ( cont ’d ) I believe I can speak for all of we on this : we have be fly most of we life . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 45 . continued : JOHN glenn ( cont ’d ) we be honore to serve we country . that 's what we sign up for . we do not think about the danger or have the time to be scared , we have a job to do . whatever happen up there be in God 's hand . the reporter hurl another question : reporter well , which one of you want to go first ? without a beat ... every astronaut raise he hand . and then John Glenn raise both hand . laughter . flashbulb . int . space task group office - day a madhouse . more engineer , more staff , more work . Katherine 's at the coffee counter . there be now two coffee station ... the smaller coffee pot be label : '' color . '' Katherine pour she coffee . nothing . none make . imagine that . she make a pot . refuse to look around . katherine 's desk - later Katherine 's back at she desk , pour over report . stafford drop a stack of data on she desk . redacted . stafford Mr. Harrison want you to confirm launch and landing for the redstone rocket test . katherine I can not work on what I can not see , Mr. stafford . Katherine fan the data sheet . a sea of black ink . katherine ( cont 'd ) it 's illegible . stafford the number have be confirm by two Engineers in this department , and myself . it 's more - or less a dummy check . stafford walk off . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 46 . continued : Katherine scan the sheet . hold they up to the light . she can see through the redaction in place . a few term bleed through : '' redstone , '' '' atlas . '' curiosity peak . she look at the massive chalkboard across the room . a chalk - chart read : redstone rocket trajectory . she look back at she worksheet , gather she work and walk to the board . Studies the redstone rocket chart . int . NASA tech hallway - later dorothy 's walk down the hallway with a armload of worksheet . she turn a corner . int . IBM computer room hallway - continuous dorothy continue down a different , white - tile hallway . it 's crowded with massive crate and maintenance men and tech unload high - tech equipment . the IBM have arrive . and ... it do not fit in the door to the white room . lot of head scratch . a pair of carpenter be hack away , saw the door header . Harrison stand stare at the debacle . next to he we meet bill calhoun , the young , overly officious IBM supervisor . al harrison no one think to measure this thing . bill calhoun I be afraid not . should we stop ? al harrison no . no , just keep go . Harrison write a note in he pad . dorothy walk by . instinctively ... she know what this be . the next big thing . and the beginning of the end of human Computers . int . east compute group hallway - later dorothy move toward a door : '' East Computing Group . '' inside the east compute room - continuous dorothy enter the all - white East Computing room . a sharp contrast to the West Group 's room . every white female computer have a desk , a match chair , a lamp . it 's homey , comfortable , spacious . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 47 . continued : vivian see dorothy , summon she over . vivian mitchell we runner can pick up you work , dorothy . you need to be workin’ , not walkin’ . dorothy put worksheet in a box next to vivian 's desk . dorothy it 's break time , mar ’am . no trouble at all . vivian point to a massive pile of worksheet within several box . vivian mitchell since you make the trip ... you can take that batch over there . dorothy sure thing , Mrs. Mitchell . dorothy stand there , a beat too long . vivian mitchell you need somethin’ else ? dorothy I be wonder if you know what they be building in the tech wing . vivian consider whether to answer . then : vivian mitchell it 's call a IBM . a mainframe machine . apparently , it can do we calculation in a fraction - a the time . a know moment for both of they . dorothy guess that 's good for NASA . vivian nod . dorothy linger . vivian point off ... vivian mitchell hurry on , now . best if you do it in one trip . vivian return to she work . dorothy head to the box . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 48 . the space task group office - later Katherine 's still at the chalkboard stare at that redstone rocket chart . Cross - check she worksheet . she pick up a piece of chalk , start chalking calculation . analytic geometry . then a graph ... the redstone 's trajectory . the chalk line stop suddenly . just short of a line label , '' orbit . '' she draw a X on the spot , then write : '' redstone fail . '' then she draw another trajectory line that push past the '' orbit '' line ... and label it , '' atlas . '' she step back , look at she work . her leg start tapping . she put the chalk down . ext . NASA ground - continuous Katherine push out through the steel door and run for the West Computing Building . the space task group office - continuous stafford be stand in front of the blackboard , stare at Katherine 's work . he reference a worksheet in he hand . he will be damned . Sam Turner come up behind he . Studies the board . stafford hand he the worksheet . he compare . hmmm . and then , like moth draw to light , one engineer after another be pull to the math . surround stafford and the blackboard . chatter build . then , a voice from above : al harrison ( 0.s. ) whose work be that ? Harrison stand outside he glass bubble . no one answer . al harrison ( cont ’d ) I say , whose work be that ?! ext . colored restroom - day Katherine come out of the bathroom . scurries down the hall . paul stafford ( 0.s . ) how do you know the redstone could not support orbital flight ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 49 . int . al harrison 's office - day - later stafford 's pace in front of a seat Katherine . Sam and Ruth be behind he , along with a uniformed US military officer . paul stafford it 's classified information . SAM turner it 's top secret . across from they be a distress Katherine . katherine it 's not a mystery why the redstone test keep fail . it 's fine for sub-orbital flight , but it can not handle the weight of the capsule and push it into space . the number do not lie . Pan over to : Al Harrison . he 's be stand quietly off to the side , study the redact report . al harrison and you figure that out with this ? half the data be redact . katherine what 's there tell the story if you read between the line . the distance from launch to orbit be know . the redstone mass be know . the mercury capsule weight be know . and the speed be there in the data . impressive . al harrison you do the math . katherine yes , sir . I look beyond . al harrison then how do you know about the atlas rocket ? that 's not math . that data 's not here . like he say , it 's classified . Harrison wave the report at she . Katherine pause . katherine I hold it up to the light . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 50 . continued : really . Harrison hold the report up to the light . squint at the redaction . see : '' atlas . '' al harrison yep . there it be . he shake he head in disbelief . al harrison ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? katherine Katherine goble . al harrison be you a spy , Katherine ? katherine be I what ? al harrison be you a Russian spy ? katherine no sir , I be not Russian . Harrison look to Ruth . RUTH she 's not Russian , sir . al harrison all right then , we have nothing to lose here . let 's get she everything she need to work on shepard 's trajectory . without redaction . be we clear on that ? nod and agreement . stafford object : paul stafford be we sure about this ? al harrison what 's the issue , Paul ? you hear she ... she 's not a spy . paul stafford I just do not think it 's a good idea . al harrison you know what I think be a good idea ? Harrison toss the redact document in the trash . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 51 . continued : ( 2 ) al harrison ( cont 'd ) darker ink . Ruth , think you could pass that along ? he walk out . Ruth smile at Katherine . int . colored cafeteria - hallway - later a black computer push through a door label : '' color cafeteria . '' int . colored cafeteria - continuous hardly a adequate dining space . cold steel table , wobbly wooden chair and a small rectangular window , whereby brown - bag lunch be distribute to black employees . dorothy , Katherine and Mary be at the window , grab lunch . Mary 's admire Katherine 's new lanyard credential . mary you can probably get to the moon and back with this . katherine just not the bathroom . mary least they be not blind to what you do . dorothy it 's not go to matter soon . this IBM 's go to put we all out of work . they walk to a table . sit. eat. katherine what can we do about it ? dorothy only one thing to do : learn all we can . make ourselves valuable . somewhere down the line a human be 's go to have to hit the button . through the door , in step vivian Mitchell . file folder in hand . katherine oh , mercy . mary well , she must be lose . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 52 . continued : vivian see the woman . b-line over . she drop the file in front of Mary . vivian mitchell NASA do not commission female for the engineer trainin 's Program . Mary ruffle up . mary that position be open to any qualified applicant . vivian mitchell right . ' cept you do not have the educational requirement . mary I have a bachelor Degree in Mathematics and physical Sciences . same degree as most engineer ' round here . vivian do not like to be challenge . vivian mitchell we now require advanced extension course through the University of Virginia . it 's in the employee handbook . a addendum . she slide a copy on the table . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) ' case you have not read it . Mary can not control she frustration . mary every time we have a chance to get ahead , ya will move the finish line . vivian tighten up . vivian mitchell I just follow the rule around here . and I expect that who work for I to follow ‘em as well . there be no special circumstance for anyone . ya will should be thankful you have job at all . vivian walk off . steam . Mary push she lunch aside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 53 . int . dorothy 's house - another day the live room . dorothy and Katherine be play Bridge . Mary 's on fire . bounce around the room . reading the NASA handbook addendum . mary '' for that that cannot attend class at the University of Virginia , Advanced extension course be available at hampton High School . '' katherine that 's still a segregated school . mary Virginia act like Brown vs. the board of ed. never happen . they 's 1ll never just let a '' color '' woman take class at a all white school ! dorothy be curt . dorothy sound about right . mary that 's all you be gonna say ? dorothy rise . dorothy I be not go to sit here all day and listen to you complain about the way thing be . petition the court . fight for what you want . she throw she card down . dorothy ( cont 'd ) but quit talk about it . walk off . Katherine and Mary be silent . then : mary I have be complain ? Katherine nod ' yes . 's katherine for day . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 54 . continued : dorothy waltze back in . hold up a mason jar of homemade whiskey mash . dorothy not one more peep about work . dorothy 's kitchen - later Music on the radio . the gal be tipsy . Mary 's dance around the room . laugh . dorothy and Katherine be try to make a cake and icing . it 's a mess . dorothy do not give she any more . katherine I can not . she drank it all . mary I be fine . I be as fine as I have ever be . dorothy you be as drunk as you have ever be . a song come on the radio , '' twist the night away '' by Sam cooke . mary damn . it 's my wedding song . Katherine , come dance with I . katherine what ? no. mary come on . dance with I . dorothy go on , Katherine . go dance . Katherine oblige . Mary instruct . dorothy join . mary we have to teach you how to get a man ! Katherine holler . katherine teach I what ! dorothy and Mary wrap they arm around she . they laugh . and dance . Friends through it all . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 55 . ext . hampton county courthouse - day a Civil rights protest in progress . dozen of black men and women hold desegregation sign march outside the courthouse , chant . a line of white police officer block the sidewalk . Levi Jackson 's smack in the middle of the fray . a police dog rare up , knock Levi to the ground . he bounce up , full of fire . turn the corner , dorothy and she two youngest : Leonard ( 9 ) and Kenneth ( 6 ) , walk down the opposite sidewalk . kenneth what 's happen over there ? dorothy do not pay attention to all that . we be not part of that trouble . dorothy look across the way , see Levi in the thick of it . she pull she boy up the step of : ext . hampton public library - continuous they climb the stone stair of the '' color entrance . '' int . hampton public library - later dorothy 's in the middle of a aisle of reference book . search title . the boy be at she foot , fussing . dorothy ( tap Leonard on the head ) I tell you no fussing around . dorothy hand they a book . dorothy ( cont ’d ) read together . be quiet . they do as tell . dorothy keep search the rack . she find what she 's look for , a book title : fortran , the New Language of Computers . she pull it off the shelf . a white librarian in the next aisle stare back at she . white librarian we do not want any trouble in here . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 56 . continued : dorothy I be not here for any trouble . white librarian what be you here for ? dorothy a book . white librarian you have book in the color section . dorothy it do not have what I be look for . white librarian that 's just the way it be . ext . library - moment later a security guard escort dorothy and she boy , not so gently , out of the library . the Guard grab the kid 's shoulder , move they along . dorothy get you hand off my boy . do not touch they . she pull she boy away from the Guard . gather she dignity . turn back . grit a smile . dorothy ( cont ’d ) you have a bless day . int . CITY bus - later we push past several white passengers to the back of the bus ... where we find dorothy between she boy . dorothy Separate and equal be two different thing . just cause it 's the way , do not make it right . you understand ? the boy yes , momma . dorothy you act right , you be right . that 's for certain . understand ? the boy yes , momma . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 57 . continued : she smile at she little man . settles in . then ... pull the fortran Computer book out of she purse . leonard you take that book , momma ? dorothy Son , I pay tax . and tax pay for everything in that library . you can not steal what you already pay for . she open the book and start read to they : dorothy ( cont ’d ) fortran be a new and exciting language use by programmer to communicate with computer ... titles over : April 12 , 1961 int . dorothy 's house - day a birthday party : Leonard vaughan 's turn 9 . the place be pack with family , friend and child . Little Leonard stand , eye close ( make a wish ) in front of a sprinkle cake . he open he eye . blow . miss a few . blow again , way too close . dorothy cake 's already get sprinkle , baby . do not need a shower . dorothy give he a small hug . everyone laugh and clap . dorothy start cut cake . Katherine and Mary help serve . at the entry : Howard open the door for Colonel Jim Johnson . holding a bouquet of flower . Katherine 's be set up . mary look at that . what a surprise . katherine I will say . dorothy Howard must have invite he . katherine mmm. ammm . Colonel Jim stare through the crowd ... over at Katherine . lock on she . smile . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 58 . the party - night - later a swing song play on the radio . the live - room floor be sway with guest swing dance . dorothy and Howard . Mary and levi. off to the side we find Katherine . alone . until Colonel Johnson walk up . jim johnson I believe I owe you a apology . katherine be that it ? Jim smile . jim johnson can I make it while we dance ? Katherine look up at he . he sure be handsome . dancing - later Katherine and Jim dance . he 's real good . she 's real stiff . jim johnson I be afraid I simply misspoke , Mrs. goble . I have be away for a long time . I imagine , I be just out of practice . katherine mm-hmm . jim johnson and I be hope you would allow I to start over ? katherine mm-hmm . jim johnson the thing be ... I have a interest in get to know you better . katherine mm-hmm . he smile at she . jim johnson you be one tough customer . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 59 . continued : katherine you have not say '' you be sorry '' yet . she 's a whole lot more than he can handle . jim johnson right . of course . I be sorry , Mrs. goble . katherine for what , Mr. Johnson ? jim johnson underestimate you . or any woman like you . though I can not imagine there 's many . katherine there you go . that 's good practice , right there . they dance on . stare at each other . the music cut off abruptly . a announcer cut in : radio announcer ( on radio ) we interrupt hampton 's Big Band hour with break news . Russian cosmonaut , yuri gagarin , have become the first man in space . the mood drop . Dancing stop . you can hear a pin drop . radio announcer ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) gagarin complete one full orbit around the planet in one hundred and eight minute . int . NASA screening room - day stale air , tension , dead quiet . a news reel play footage of yuri gagarin 's capsule in orbit . radio announcer ( on radio ) this be a crush blow to America in the race for space . yuri gagarin wave to a crowd of russian well -wisher . the news reel stop play abruptly . light rise . Harrison 's stand in the wing , lean against a wall . stafford , Sam and Ruth be seat amongst team member . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 60 . continued : the mercury 7 be in attendance , sit in back . they be devastate . no one talk . no one move . it 's like someone die . finally , John Glenn speak up : JOHN glenn well . they beat the pants off we . now let 's go on , learn how to fly to space . he walk out . the other astronaut follow . int . space task group - day - later Harrison step into the Space Task Group . the entire team be sit at they desk , stand at station . frozen in quiet . Harrison walk to the front of the room . take off he glass . al harrison I want to thank everyone for stay . I know it 's late and after what we just see , I think everyone 's probably anxious to go home . but before we do , I just have to ask ... how can it be that we be in second place in a two man race ? anybody ? Paul ? stafford do not have the answer . shake he head . al harrison ( cont ’d ) then I think Glenn say it pretty well . they be just outwork we . and the reason I have to think that be because I refuse to believe that the Russians be smarter than we , or because they have more technology . or that they care more . but I do not know ? be that possible ? be it possible that it actually mean more to they ? Harrison walk to the middle of the room . al harrison ( cont ’d ) we be in the fight of we life , people . I just see seven face that do not think we can get there . this be not some epic joyride that we be all on together . so , as of right now , go forward , there 's only two thing you need to know : one , stay late will be a fact of life . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 61 . continued : al harrison ( cont ’d ) and two : you paycheck will not reflect the extra time it take to catch up and pass that bastard . for that of you that can not work that way , I understand and thank you for what you have do . for everyone else , you can call you wife and tell they how it 's gonna be . I x11 start with mine . Harrison walk off . up to he office . int . al harrison be office - day - continuous Harrison pick up the phone , dial . wait . he walk to he window , look out . every single member of the Space Task Group be on the phone . quietly talk to they wife , husband , child . Paul stafford . ruth. Sam Turner . and finally ... Katherine Johnson . no one be leave . montage — the push to shepard 's launch int . NASA hangar - day astronaut training . a full scale model of the mercury 7 capsule be suspend in the air . spin in all direction . Alan shepard 's inside . Harrison watch from the ground . int . space task group - another day Katherine 's bury in work . literally . she 's fight a cold . stafford dump a new load of data on she desk . stafford end of the day . he 's off . Katherine grab a tissue , blow she nose . the tech hallway - another night dorothy stand at the end of the hallway lead to the IBM room , clutching she purse . through the window , she see Harrison alone , stand in front of the IBM . Cleaning he glass . torture by this hunk of metal . finally ... he walk out . click off the light . head down the hallway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 62 . inside the white room —- continuous dorothy flip the light back on . the IBM sit ominously stare back at she . she walk to the keypunch , sit down . open a draw . stare back at she : a IBM user manual . bingo . dorothy let 's see what you be make of . ext . hampton county courthouse - another day Mary walk towards the hampton County courthouse . clutch a case file like a security blanket . she turn down a sidewalk label '' color entrance . '' int . hampton county courthouse - continuous Mary 's at a window , stand in front of a court clerk . court clerk this be you court date . ( stamp she case file ) color seat be at the back of the courtroom . Mary nod . too happy to be offended . int . west compute room - another day dorothy 's stand at the blackboard in front of she Computing Group . Teaching fortran , computer basic from she library book . dorothy the IBM 7090 data Processing system have the ability to solve problem that cannot be solve in a lifetime of manual labor . when work at optimal capacity it be capable of over 24,000 multiplication per second . bernie cut in . bernie Holy mose , that 's lightning fast . eleanor they will never get it to work . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 63 . continued : dorothy it all run eventually . we have to know how to program it once it do . unless you would rather be out of a job ? '' nos '' all around . the Girls re-focus . int . IBM computer room - another night dorothy open the power Control on the IBM . she inspect the machine 's innard . Cross -reference with schematics from the IBM manual . label part out loud : dorothy Control console . Card reader . Card punch . Central processor . mother board ... always a mother around somewhere . int . wind tunnel - another day Mary find Zielinski on a ladder , inspect the mercury 7 capsule . mary Mr. Z. he look down at she . she hold up she Court petition . mary ( cont 'd ) I have a court date .... Zielinski smile . ext . katherine 's house - another day Katherine , sick as a dog , open the door to find : Jim Johnson hold a paper bag . jim johnson Heard you be fight the flu . he hold up the bag . jim johnson ( cont ’d ) think maybe you could use some soup ? hot meal for the girl . this be a good man . Katherine can not deny it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 64 . int . katherine 's house - dine room - later Katherine , Jim and the Girls be sit at the table . plates of food in front of they . the Girls be size up every fiber of this new man in they house . head bow for grace . Jim offer Katherine he hand . she take it . end of montage ext . NASA ground - another day rain pelt the campus . int . space task group - continuous Harrison barrel out of he office . juggling worksheet . Beyond stress . al harrison Ruth , get the cape on the line . shepard 's trajectory need to be update . he look over to Katherine 's desk . al harrison ( cont ’d ) where be she ?! Ruth shrug . Harrison , frustrated , walk off . int . colored restroom - day - continuous Katherine 's wash she hand . she grab a stack of worksheet and rush out . ext . NASA ground - continuous pour rain . Katherine run across campus , back to the East Building . int . space task group - moment later Katherine 's soak like a wet rat . she walk back to she desk . stafford 's stare at she . Ruth 's stare at she . the whole damn place seem to be stare at she . al harrison ( 0.s. ) where the hell have you be ? everywhere I look you be not where I need you to be . and it 's not my imagination . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 65 . continued : Katherine turn , Harrison 's on the floor . Katherine freeze . al harrison ( cont ’d ) where the hell do you go everyday ? katherine ( quietly ) the bathroom , sir . al harrison the bathroom ! the damn bathroom ! katherine yes , sir . the bathroom . al harrison for 40 minute a day !? what do you do in there !? we be t-minus zero here . I put a lot of faith in you . Katherine can barely speak . she whisper : katherine there 's no bathroom for I here . al harrison there 's no bathroom ? what do you mean there 's no bathroom for you here ? Katherine can not take it anymore . her voice rise . katherine there 's no bathroom here . there be no colored bathroom in this building or any building outside the West campus . which be half a mile away ! do you know that ? I have to walk to timbuktu just to relieve myself ! and I can not take one of the handy bike . picture that , with my uniform : skirt below the knee and my heel . and do not get I start about the '' simple pearl necklace '' I can not afford . Lord know you do not pay '' the colored enough for that . and I work like a dog day and night , live on coffee from a coffee pot half of you do not want I to touch ! so excuse I if I have to go to the restroom a few time a day ! you can hear a pin drop . Katherine take she purse , personal and walk off . leave everyone 's jaw on the ground . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 66 . ext . colored restroom hallway - later bang ! bang ! bang ! the sound of hammer , tear . a security guard run down the hallway and arrive upon a scene : a crowd of tech and engineer block the corridor . he push through the crowd to the front ... where ... Ruth hold up she hand , stop he . there in front of the group : a inflame Al Harrison , wield a crow bar , be bashing the '' color restroom '' sign on the wall . al harrison damn thing ! on the other side of the corridor ... the entire West Computing Group , include dorothy and Mary watch in wonder . Katherine make she way through , landing between they . Harrison flail away at the sign . bang ! bang ! al harrison ( cont ’d ) for Christ 's sake ! Harrison keep at it . rip. bang . the sign 's hold on , with all it 's might . imagine that . he take a final successful whack ! and the sign crash to the floor . al harrison ( cont ’d ) there you have it ! no more color restroom . no more white restroom . just plain old toilet . Harrison look over . he see Katherine . al harrison ( cont ’d ) go wherever you damn well please . preferably closer to you desk . Harrison snatch up the sign . al harrison ( cont ’d ) at NASA we all ... pee the same color ! he stumble off . straight through the crowd . shock and pride and justice for all that watch . Katherine nod approval . titles over : May 5 , 1961 ext . road - later Jim and Katherine drive down a picturesque road in a convertible . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 67 . ext . side of the road - later the convertible 's park on the side of the road . Katherine and Jim be sit on a blanket in front of the car . a road - side picnic . Jim pour Katherine a chianti . jim johnson I think it 's high time that I kiss you , Mrs. goble . katherine oh . and why 's that ? jim johnson figure you be attract to I the same as I to you . katherine be that right ? jim johnson yes . or you would have tell I to get go a long time ago . Jim lean in and kiss Katherine . she do not flinch . Jim lean back . katherine have not kiss a man in a long time . almost forget how . Jim lean in again . they kiss again . dorothy 's live room — continuous everyone ( we gal , Levi , Howard , Jim , all the kid ) be gather in front of the tv to watch ... tv reporter ( live feed ) we be just moment away from Alan shepard 's maiden flight as the first american in space . food be pass around . people sit on the carpet . it 's the biggest show on Earth . int . freedom 7 capsule - day shepard 's sit in the tight ' can 's he 's name : '' freedom 7 . '' America 's first space capsule . even through the glass of he helmet , you can feel the sweat , the tension . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 68 . continued : alan shepard any day now , capcom . fix you little problem and light this candle ! NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous NASA command be wall to wall with engineer , tech , support . the room laugh at shepard 's anxiety , a little release of the taut energy of the moment . fellow mercury 7 astronaut , Gordon Cooper , be shepard 's capcom ( capsule communicator . ) gordon cooper ( v.o. ) Roger that , freedom 7 . standby . Gordon look over at Harrison . al harrison move to final countdown sequence . dorothy 's live room dorothy , Katherine and Mary be lock on the screen . even the Children be quiet . rapt . tv reporter ( live feed ) and we be at t-minus 10 , 9 ... NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous Gordon count down . gordon cooper 8 , 7 , gee the freedom 7 capsule - continuous shepard brace himself . gordon cooper ( in alan 's ear ) 5 , 4 , 3 ... dorothy 's live room - continuous they countdown along with the reporter : dorothy 's house full 2 , 1 , 0. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 69 . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous pin and needle . Gordon : gordon cooper ( into microphone ) you be go for launch . cape canaveral - florida — continuous in the background ... the rocket roar up off the launchpad , fire spew from its base . tv reporter ( live feed ) and we have liftoff ! the freedom 7 capsule —- continuous Alan shepard be shaking with the blast . crushed into he seat by the extreme G. NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous the Command team watch the rocket shoot up into the sky . dorothy 's live room - continuous Katherine push the rocket with she word : katherine get up there . go on . the freedom 7 capsule - continuous Alan shepard break through the atmosphere . alan shepard this be okay . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous the Command team finally breathes . shepard 's voice : alan shepard ( over intercom ) yaw be ok . switch to manual roll . the celebration begin . dorothy 's live room - continuous cheer and celebrate . the kid run around . Mary kiss Levi . Howard put he arm around dorothy . Jim smile at Katherine . congratulation all around . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 70 . continued : President JFK 's , Rice University , '' Space Race '' speech , play under : JFK ( v.0 ) for the eye of the world now look into space , to the moon and to the planet beyond and we have vow ... ext . street of hampton —- another day a parade in progress . the mercury 7 be sit in the back of two convertible . Alan shepard wave to the crowd , now a national hero . women throw rose . men stand and salute . a march Band play , star and stripe forever . JFK ( v.0o . ) ... that we shall not see it govern by a hostile flag of conquest , but by a banner of freedom and peace . ext . white house - another day the White House lawn . President JFK present Alan shepard with the NASA distinguish service Award . the mercury 7 be on stage for the ceremony . JFK ( v.0 . ) we set sail on this new sea because there be new knowledge to be gain and new rights to be win ... Alan shepard shake hand with JFK . int . space task group - another day the entire Space Task Group be gather in front of Harrison and Paul stafford . JFK 's speech play under : JFK ( v.0o . ) ... and they must be win and use for the progress of all people . stafford hoist the morning paper . JFK on the front page . paul stafford I imagine we should all thank President Kennedy for continue job security . laugh . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) Gus Grissom 's up next . another suborbital flight with a redstone . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 71 . continued : paul stafford ( cont ’d ) we last shot before we strap Glenn to the atlas and pray we can get he back down . al harrison yes , and I imagine he have like we to have the math figure out beforehand . good work , gentleman . go have dinner with you kid . then let 's get back to work . applause . the Group disperse . Harrison take the paper from stafford . walk off . int . IBM computer room - another day dorothy 's in a familiar position : deep within the IBM . she 's run a diagnostic . she move to the control panel . JFK play under : JFK ( v.0 . ) yet the vow of this Nation can only be fulfil if we in this Nation be first , and , therefore , we intend to be first . she type a command . Hit enter . throw the switch . the IBM whir to life . light . noise . drive spin . she run to the card feeder . stuff a stack of programming card in . the machine suck they right up . dorothy that 'a girl . a voice catch dorothy off guard : bill calhoun ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you do !? now stand in the doorway : Bill calhoun and a few mainframe tech have return from lunch . bill calhoun ( cont ’d ) you can not be in here . who be you ? dorothy I be with the West Computing Group . dorothy vaughan , sir . Bill step up to she . dorothy present she NASA id . a tech rush to the IBM . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 72 . continued : bill calhoun this be a very delicate piece of equipment . dorothy I be sorry , sir . just try to be helpful . the tech call out : technician Bill , we have get number . bill calhoun what kind of number ? the tech hold up a worksheet pour out of the IBM . technician look . Bill move to the machine , see for himself . turn back to dorothy . who just smile . int . mary 's house - live room - day Levi 's stand in front of the tv watch the news . as the kid clean the dish off the table . walter cronkite report on the kkk fire bombing of the freedom rider 's bus ( May 14 , 1961 . ) image of the char bus . batter rider . the extreme violence . walter cronkite the mob of klansman throw fire bomb at the bus , as it stop in anniston , al . Fire and smoke trap many of the rider inside the vehicle . Mary come home from work . no one greet she . odd . she walk behind Levi . see : walter cronkite ( cont ’d ) the local police stand by as the choke rider fle the flame bus . she move to turn the tv off . mary the kid do not need to - Levi stop she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 73 . continued : levi jackson they need to see this . everyone need to see this . Mary pause . the kid join she side . watch in horror . finally , Levi walk away . grab he coat . levi jackson ( cont ’d ) sit-in will only get you so far . ext . hampton county courthouse - another day folk litter the front of the courthouse step . int . hampton county courthouse - continuous a pack courtroom . nervous defendant , lawyer . Way in the back corner , past the sea of White folk : Mary sit in '' color seating , '' tapping she foot . finally , a court clerk call she name : a court clerk Mary Jackson . petition to attend course at hampton High School . Mary hop up . approach the rail . a white -haired southern judge look up from the case note . stop in he track when he see Mary be ... black . mary good morning , you honor . the judge hampton High School be a white school , Mrs. Jackson . mary yes , you honor . I be aware of that . the judge flip through the case note . the judge Virginia be still a segregated state . regardless of what the Federal government say or the Supreme Court say . we law be the law . he reach for he rejection stamp . Mary blurt out : mary you honor , if I may , I believe there be special circumstance to be consider . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 74 . continued : the judge what would warrant a color woman attendin’ a white school ? mary May I approach the bench , sir ? the judge consider , wave the bailiff to let she through . Mary walk through the rail gate , stand in front of he . mary ( cont 'd ) you honor , you of all people should understand the importance of be first . the judge how 's that , Mrs. Jackson ? mary you be the first in you family to serve in the armed force . US navy . the first to attend University . George mason . and you be the first State judge to be re-commission by three consecutive governor . the judge you have do some research . mary yes , sir . the judge what 's the point here ? mary the point be , you honor ... Mary lean in . mary ( cont 'd ) no negro woman in the State of Virginia have ever attend a all white school . it 's unheard of . the judge yes . it 's unheard of . mary and before Alan shepard sit on top of a rocket , no american have ever touch space . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 75 . continued : ( 2 ) mary ( cont 'd ) he will forever be remember as the navy man from New Hampshire who be the first to touch the star . the smallest open in the judge 's countenance . mary ( cont 'd ) and I , sir , plan on be a engineer at NASA . but I can not do that without take that class at that all - white high school . and I can not change the color of my skin . so ... I have no choice but to be the first . which I can not do without you . Mary look around the courtroom . mary ( cont 'd ) you honor , of all the case you will hear today , which one will matter in a hundred year ? which one will make you the '' first ? '' Mary stop talk . the judge be jarre . he look around . consider he legacy . consider she passion . then quietly : the judge only the night class . Mary close she eye . ext . courthouse - moment later Mary step of the courthouse . contain herself ... until she can not hold it in any longer . she scream . she scream with everything she 's get . happy and free and full . int . space task group - another day Katherine 's at she desk , type a report . insert typing : '' Gus Grissom , Launch and landing projection , by : Paul stafford . '' she hesitates . then add : '' and Katherine goble . '' she pull the cover page out of the typewriter and set it on top of the full report . Harrison , stafford , Sam and a few engineer come out of Harrison 's bubble . pass Ruth : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 76 . continued : al harrison Ruth , send the tracking station coordinate to the briefing room . Ruth take a note . Katherine hop up . int . hallway - space task group - day - moment later Katherine catch up to Harrison and stafford . katherine Mr. stafford , Gus Grissom 's launch and landing coordinate . she hand stafford the report . katherine ( cont 'd ) I would like to get a jump on John Glenn 's trajectory . stafford slow down . what !? paul stafford do you have any idea what you be ask ? Katherine will not be deterr . she dig in . katherine a orbital launch with a atlas rocket be go to take time . Harrison slow down , turn back . al harrison be there a problem ? katherine Mr. Harrison ... I be wonder .... al harrison I have be wonder my whole life . spit it out . katherine well , sir , I would like to get a jump on John Glenn 's trajectory . al harrison this be not about plugging in number , this be about invent the math . I think we talk about that . it do not exist . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 77 . continued : katherine I can do it , sir . paul stafford do you know how exact this calculation have to be ? katherine yes . it 's like shoot a saw - off shotgun from a thousand foot and get that one beebee through a hole so tiny , you can not even see it . stafford be not impressed . katherine ( cont 'd ) I be a excellent shot , sir . Harrison study she . she do not flinch . he take the report from stafford . check Katherine 's math . al harrison how do Grissom 's number look good . Paul ? paul stafford they appear spot on . Harrison nod he decision . al harrison give Glenn 's orbit a go . but you run it all through stafford . you understand ? katherine yes , sir . thank you . Harrison hand the report back to stafford . walk off . stafford look at the report , the cover page . miffed . paul stafford Computers do not author report . stafford rip the cover page off and hand it to Katherine . catch up to Harrison . titles over : July 21 , 1961 - Gus Grissom splashdown ext . atlantic ocean - day Ocean wave crest over the Liberty Bell 7 capsule , bob up and down in the middle of the sea . a newscaster narrate : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 78 . continued : newscaster ( v.o. ) we be hearing that the Liberty Bell 7 have experience some sort of malfunction and the capsule be now take on water . there be no sign of Gus Grissom . a navy recovery chopper hover into frame . dorothy 's house - live room - continuous dorothy , Katherine and Mary be breathless in front of the tv , watch the report . katherine the hatch cover must have blow early . Levi , Howard , Jim Johnson and all the kid gather around . time stop . int . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous Harrison , stafford and the whole Space Task Group be watch radar . listen to a live report . no one talk , no one move . finally ... Gus Grissom come up from the depth , rise high on a wave . newscaster ( v.o. ) wait . that 's he ... in the wave . Gus Grissom be out of the capsule and float in the middle of the ocean . dorothy 's house - continuous a collective breath . the lady talk to the tv . mary he blend right in . Grissom fight to stay afloat . his silver suit camouflage he in the wave . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA -— continuous the live feed : the helicopter have attach its winch to Liberty Bell 7 and be pull it out of the water . stafford talk to the monitor . paul stafford do not lose the damn capsule . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 79 . continued : Harrison be on the phone . incense . al harrison so , he 's swim . he 's float . goddamnit , I do not really care . do we have a visual ? okay . then where 's the other chopper ?! dorothy 's house - continuous the live tv broadcast : splash ! the helicopter drop the capsule . too heavy , too much water . gasp . newscaster ( v.o. ) the helicopter cable have be cut . the Liberty Bell 7 capsule be lose . Grissom bob up and down , reach for help . dorothy get the man . another chopper drop a cable . Grissom come up for air . grasp onto the line . a collective sigh of relief . NASA tracking control - hampton , VA - continuous the live feed : Grissom be hoist up into the chopper . safe . the tip of the Liberty Bell 7 capsule sink below the black . Harrison sit . devastate . int . senate hearing room - another day Senate hear in progress . Harrison sit in front of a panel of senator . senator patrick grill Al Harrison . senator patrick Mr. Harrison , american taxpayer money sink in the ocean along with you capsule . what make you think you can bring John Glenn home safely ? Harrison adjust himself . take a moment . then : al harrison well , let I say first that discovery be never for the sake of discovery but for the sake of human survival , gentleman , and it will always come with risk . whoever get there first , will make the rule . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 80 . continued : al harrison ( cont 'd ) that 's be true of every civilization . and so I think the bigger question for this body to consider be : who do you want call the shot in space ? the Senators be silent . Harrison swing for the fence : al harrison ( cont ’d ) we have to know what 's out there , Senator . if only to ensure we own survival . we have to touch the star . and only a man can do that . we will get John Glenn home safely because we have to , because he have to tell we what he see . he stop talk , the Senate panel weigh he word . ext . NASA ground - another day the NASA campus be still . int . space task group - day - continuous Paul stafford 's sit on he desk . the Space Task Group stand all around he . he 's hold a miniature of the mercury capsule . paul stafford the redstone rocket : go straight up . the capsule do not have enough speed to go into orbit . it come back down . he wave the capsule up , then back down . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) essentially it 's a triangle : Earth , suborbit , Earth . the math be know . it take shepard , it take Grissom . it can not take Glenn . stafford demonstrate with the capsule . stop it in mid air . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) the atlas rocket can push we into orbit . it go up . deliver the capsule into a elliptical orbit . Earth 's gravity keep pull it , but it 's go so fast that it keep miss the Earth - that 's how it stay in orbit . he arc the model in a ellipse , around and around . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 81 . continued : paul stafford ( cont ’d ) get it back down ... that 's the math we do not know . Katherine raise she hand . a question . stafford acquiesce . katherine so ... the capsule will spin around the Earth forever , because there 's nothing to slow it down ? paul stafford yes . slow it down at precisely the right time , by precisely the right amount be the task . she raise she hand again . demonstrate with she pencil . katherine so ... it have to move from a elliptical orbit to a parabolic orbit ? paul stafford yes . that 's the go/ no go . he pull the model closer . tighten the orbit . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) this point be a pin head . we bring he in too soon ... Sam interject : SAM turner he burn up on reentry . stafford complete . paul stafford too late ... and he 's push out of Earth 's gravity . Katherine raise she hand ... do not wait . katherine any change in mass , weight , speed , time , distance , friction ... or a puff of wind ... would alter the go / no go . and we would have to start calculate all over . yes ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 82 continued : ( 2 ) paul stafford yes . we have to be able to choose this re-entry point . the go / no go have to be exact . stafford motion to Sam , who hand out data brief . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) this be the latest redstone number and current capsule data . obviously , we know the launch spot . Engineers scan the data . Harrison and Jim webb step out of Harrison 's office paul stafford ( cont ’d ) the Pentagon briefing should illuminate where the navy need the recovery zone . we work backwards from there . the rest be on we . stafford head off in Harrison and Jim webb 's direction . Katherine catch up to he . katherine Mr. stafford . stafford slow . katherine ( cont 'd ) Sir . I if can attend this briefing , I would be more useful to the project . stafford Pentagon briefing be close door . katherine yes . but you know without the latest information , we can not keep up . I need the change as they occur . as you say , it 's a pin head . stafford that 's the job , Katherine . you ask for the assignment . calculate with what you have . or we will find someone who can . stafford walk off . Katherine 's frustrated . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 83 . int . space task group - night Katherine 's at the chalk board . work the math . determined . exhausted . int . space task group hallway - another day Harrison , stafford , Sam and team be walk to the Pentagon briefing . Katherine catch up to they , report in hand : katherine Launch parameter for friendship 7 , sir . paul stafford it 's all moot . we be alter the window on the capsule . katherine when do that happen ? paul stafford 6 minute ago . the mass be change . start over . Katherine 's irk , all she hard work ... pointless . katherine Sir . if I could attend this briefing ... I have be able to stay current - paul stafford we have be through this , Katherine . it 's not possible . there 's no protocol for woman attend . katherine there 's no protocol for a man circle the Earth either , sir . stafford hand she report back to she . paul stafford that 's just the way it be . he walk off . Katherine keep she head high . Harrison clock it all . int . space task group - another day Katherine 's high on the ladder at the chalkboard . one leg dangle as she compute . chalk dust fly . Harrison 's in he office on the phone , look out at she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 84 . int . space task group - another night Katherine 's at she desk type a report . insert - the cover page . type : " friendship 7 ( John Glenn , ) Launch projection , '' by Paul stafford . again , she add : '' and Katherine goble . '' she pull the sheet out and slap it on top of the rest of she report . int . space task group hallway - another day ( formerly 161 ) a familiar site : Harrison , stafford , Sam and team be walk to the daily briefing . Katherine intercept : katherine ( to stafford ) Colonel Glenn 's launch coordinate accounting for the window change , sir . she hand she report to stafford . stafford see she name on the cover . paul stafford I have tell you this : Computers do not author report . fix it . he shove the report back at she . she will not take it . katherine that be my calculation . my name should be on it . he pull the cover page off . Katherine reach for the report now . a tug-of-war . paul stafford that be not the way it work . Harrison turn back . he 's watch this long enough . al harrison Paul . what 's happen here ? Katherine let 's go of the report . address the bigger issue : katherine Mr. Harrison , I would like to attend today 's briefing . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 85 . continued : al harrison why 's that ? katherine well , sir , the data change so fast . the capsule change . the weight and the landing zone be all change daily . I do my work , you attend this briefing and I have to start all over . Colonel Glenn launch in a few week . and we do not have the math figure out yet . Harrison weigh it out . he turn to stafford . al harrison why can not she attend ? paul stafford she do not have clearance , Al . Harrison nod . katherine I cannot do my work effectively without have all of the data and all of the information as soon as it 's available . I need to be in that room , hearing what you hear . paul stafford Pentagon briefing be not for civilian . it require the high clearance . katherine I feel like I be the best person to present my calculation , Mr. Harrison . al harrison you be not go to let this go . be you ? katherine no , sir . Harrison nod again . take off he glass . stafford shift . paul stafford and she 's a woman . there 's no protocol for a woman attend . al harrison okay , I get that part , Paul . but within this wall , who make the rule ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 86 . continued : ( 2 ) katherine you , sir . you be the boss . Katherine look at stafford . katherine ( cont 'd ) you just have to act like one . Harrison look at Katherine . she 's get serious gut . al harrison you keep quiet . stafford , frustrated , push past they and into the room . katherine thank you , sir . int . NASA briefing room - moment later ( formerly 162 ) a tornado of high level testosterone : Jim webb , military brass , John Glenn and the mercury 7 . Harrison , stafford and Sam enter ... Katherine in tow . a record scratch . until : al harrison this be Katherine goble with we trajectory and Launch window division . her work be pertinent to today 's proceedings . no one question Harrison . she take a seat at the end of the table . a little mouse in this room . Harrison dive right in , drop report on the table . they be pass out . al harrison ( cont ’d ) we have a confirm launch window for friendship 7 . let 's discuss a landing zone . jim webb the navy need a singular landing zone . all eye shift to the navy Officer . navy officer 20 mile square be what we can service for retrieval . outside of that , we risk the capsule 's recovery . paul stafford we would like 3 possible recovery area . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 87 . continued : navy officer we can not cover half the damn ocean . Harrison step in . al harrison we capsule 's be alter daily . and we be orbit the Earth at ... what 's the speed now ? Harrison look at stafford . who start frantically flipping through the report . Katherine save he : katherine 17,544 mile per hour . all eye shift to Katherine . Harrison look at Katherine . katherine ( cont 'd ) at the time the rocket deliver the capsule into low space orbit . silence . this woman speak . this black woman . then : JOHN glenn that 's one hell of a speed ticket . laugh . John Glenn 's lighten the mood . webb stare curiously at Katherine . jim webb so we have the capsule 's speed , launch window and for argument 's sake , let 's say the landing zone be the Bahamas ... should be enough to figure the go / no go . paul stafford in theory , sir . jim webb we be fling a man around the globe at 17,000 mile per hour ... we need to be past theory at this point . al harrison we 'il be able to calculate a go / no go with that information . jim webb when be that go to happen ? Harrison consider he word . then he look over at Katherine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 88 . continued : ( 2 ) al harrison Katherine . Katherine be freeze . he 's serious . Harrison hold out a piece of chalk : al harrison ( cont ’d ) have a go at it ? Katherine take the chalk . rise . slowly walk to the board . all eye on she . she stand with she back to the room . a mess they can not see . she take a deep breath . and put she chalk to the board . and ... the number churn out . she narrate : katherine the go point for re-entry be 2,990 mile from where we want Colonel Glenn to land . she reference a coordinate map . katherine ( cont 'd ) if we assume that 's the Bahamas ... she write coordinate for the Bahamas . katherine ( cont 'd ) at 17,544 mile per hour upon reentry ... chalk dust fly . katherine ( cont 'd ) at a descent angle of 46.56 degree ... chalk scrawling . katherine ( cont 'd ) that put the landing zone at ... scratch , scratch . katherine ( cont 'd ) 25.0667 ° North , 77.3333 ° West . scribble , scribble . the board be flush with number . she circle the final coordinate . and then the spot on the map estimate the landing zone . katherine ( cont 'd ) right here . give or take 20 square mile . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 89 . continued : ( 3 ) silence as the room study the board . her speed , precision and talent be remarkable . Harrison have witness she genius , he know she 's the one . John Glenn break the silence . smile at Katherine . JOHN glenn I like she number . and that 's it . Katherine be approve . webb 's not satisfied . jim webb that 's assume the capsule hit the be - entry point exactly . how do we insure that ? Katherine do not have the answer . Harrison step in . al harrison that 's the math we do not have yet , gentleman . we be work on it . Harrison walk out . Katherine tag after he . int . IBM computer room - another day Harrison stand in front of the massive mainframe . Bill calhoun and IBM tech at he side . the IBM hum in the background . al harrison what 's it gonna take to make this thing worth the price tag ? bill calhoun we be just get up to speed here , Mr. Harrison . I need more man power . programmers . folk to feed the card . al harrison then get they , for cry out loud . you be the IBM man . pull they out of the sky if you have to , but let 's get ahead of this thing . or I be not pay you either . Harrison walk out . int . west compute group hallway - day - later ( formerly 148 ) dorothy 's read the assignment sheet . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 90 . continued : dorothy I ? vivian mitchell temporarily . yes . we need the IBM for Glenn 's launch . the lead engineer say you be good with the card , programming and such . dorothy what about the girl here ? vivian mitchell human computer can not calculate a orbital flight in the time we have . they 'il stay put for now . dorothy what about after '' now ? '' vivian shift . dorothy know . vivian mitchell after the Glenn launch , NASA 's dissolvin’ the Computing group . dorothy think it over . she hand the assignment back , draw a line : dorothy I be not accept reassignment . vivian tighten up . dorothy ( cont ’d ) unless ... I bring my lady with I . vivian mitchell Excuse I ? dorothy we be go to need a lot of manpower to program that beast . I can not do it alone . my gal be ready . they can do the work . dorothy will not budge . vivian will not budge . int . west compute room - continuous ( formerly 150 ) dorothy enter the room , hold a NASA memo . dorothy lady , we have be reassign . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 91 . continued : the Computers chatter . dorothy ( cont ’d ) leave you calculator . you will not need they where we be go . the Computers hop up . excite . the west hallway - continuous dorothy lead she Group down the hallway . NASA ground - continuous the woman walk in the sunshine en route to East campus . the IBM computer room hallway - continuous they arrive in the tech hallway . and finally ... at the door to the IBM room . dorothy straighten herself ... and open the door . and the all - black West Computing Group step into the all - white IBM room . int . space task group - another day Harrison 's stand at the window watch Katherine toil away at the chalkboard . she 's frustrated . she erase a few line of calculation and start all over . stafford drop a report on Harrison 's desk . paul stafford today 's heat shield test data , Al . stafford walk off . stop when : al harrison do you know what you job be , Paul ? to find the genius among that geniuse . to pull we all up . we all get to the peak together , or we do not get there at all . stafford understand . paul stafford yes. well . good night , sir . stafford walk out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 92 . int . space task group - night once again ... Katherine be among the last '' man '' work . she 's stand in front of the chalkboard , stare at the number . stuck , for the first time in she life . stafford stop at he desk . look over at Katherine . stare at she work on the board . he walk past she , without a word . ext . mary 's house - dusk dusk light bathes Mary 's house . int . mary 's house - another night Mary 's sit on the bed , put on she stocking . Levi enter , hold a small box . mary I do not know when I 'il be home . the class end at 9 . Levi just stand there . mary ( cont 'd ) you have something to say ? he hand she the box . levi jackson think you might need this . Mary open the box . a set of mechanical pencil . levi jackson ( cont ’d ) you can refill ‘em with any weight lead you want . Levi sit next to she . demonstrate how they work . levi jackson ( cont ’d ) just pull the eraser off , like this , drop the new lead down through here . Mary watch he , not the pencil . he take she hand . levi jackson ( cont ’d ) you be go to make a fine engineer . mary you think so ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 93 . continued : levi jackson yes . nobody dare stand in the way of Mary Jackson 's dream . myself include . mary amen . Levi kiss she . Mary touch he face . mary ( cont 'd ) do not make I mad again . levi jackson yes , ma ’‘am . they kiss again . ext . hampton high school - night - later a city bus pull away , leave Mary stand in front of hampton High School . she stare at the building , take a deep breath and walk toward the entrance . int . hampton high school - night - moment later Mary walk down the darken hallway of this typical High School . a lone light shine from the one open door at the end of the hall . int . classroom - continuous Mary step into the classroom . two dozen white male student look up at once . the professor turn from the board . mary good evening . be this quantum mechanic ? professor yes . Mary approach , hand he a copy of she petition . mary I be Mary Jackson . I be enrol . the Professor scan the petition . it 's official . he 's genuinely confuse . professor well . the curriculum be not design for teach ... a woman . she 's unstoppable : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 94 . continued : mary well , I imagine it 's the same as teach a man . ( she smile at he ) I do not see a color section . should I take any seat ? he nod . Mary turn to the class . a few seat leave . few on the back row . few in the middle . one on the front row . Mary step forward , all eye on she . she consider she choice . then ... she plop down . first row . Dead center . she pull out she notebook . let 's go . int . space task group - another day Al Harrison sit at he desk , torture . study . he turn to he board , the math . the camera push past he to the number . int . space task group - another day Katherine 's back at the board in front of a chalk draw of the capsule 's orbit . stafford 's sit on the desk behind she . Sam and other team member wrap around . katherine the problem be when the capsule move from a elliptical orbit to a parabolic orbit . there 's no mathematical formula for that . we can calculate launch , landing , but without this conversion ... the capsule stay in orbit , we can not bring it home . Katherine put she chalk down . Harrison come up behind they . Studies the board . al harrison maybe we be think about this all wrong . paul stafford how 's that ? al harrison maybe it 's not new math at all . Katherine light up . a idea : katherine maybe it 's old math . something that look at the problem numerically . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 95 . continued : katherine ( cont 'd ) and not theoretically . math be always dependable . al harrison for you it be . Harrison walk away . Katherine stand back and look at the board . the digit come alive . they bounce off the drawing . all she see be the number now . katherine Euler 's method . paul stafford that 's ancient . katherine yes . but it work . it work numerically . she walk off . int . west compute room - day - later Katherine step into the West Computing room . she move to a bookshelf and start digging through math textbooks . she find a book on Euler 's method . int . space task group - later the book hit she desk . page flip . Euler 's method . Katherine study the page . she rush to the chalk board . erase everything . start over . int . space task group - another day once again , Katherine 's at the chalkboard . the entire surface be full of calculation . Katherine , one hand hold the textbook , the other she chalk , finish the last bit of math on the far right bottom of the board . almost on she knee . she circle the go / no go . she transfer the number to a diagram of the re-entry point . she do it . Katherine put the chalk down . turn around . the entire Space Task Group be behind she . stare up at the board . Paul stafford walk up to Katherine at the board . inspect the work . then : paul stafford let 's type it up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 96 . continued : Katherine smile . head off to she desk . int . space task group - night Katherine finish type she report . insert : friendship 7 : Launch , landing and go / no go Analysis . by : Paul stafford . she pull the cover page out , set it on top of the rest of she report . and walk the document over to stafford 's desk . he nod a thank you . stafford walk up to Harrison 's office . hand he the report and the two man talk . as Katherine put on she coat , turn off she lamp . and walk out . int . restroom - night - later dorothy 's wash she hand , rinsing she face . it 's be a long day . a toilet flush behind she ... and out walk vivian . a first for both of they . share a bathroom . vivian step up to the sink beside she . dorothy Mrs. Mitchell . vivian mitchell dorothy . cold silence . then ... dorothy you be work late tonight . vivian mitchell seem to always happen that way . dorothy yes . seem to . vivian need a paper towel , none leave on she side . dorothy hand she one . more silence . then ... vivian mitchell I hear the IBM be at full capacity . dorothy appear so . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 97 vivian mitchell you certainly have a knack for it . dorothy my father teach I a thing or two about mechanic . vivian mitchell you know , I have a few girl in the East Group who have a interest in knowin’ more about it . dorothy it be the future . vivian mitchell I may bring ‘em by , if it 's all the same to you . dorothy that 's not my decision . that would be the supervisor 's . vivian mitchell yes . that 's true . dorothy finish up . dorothy well . good night , Mrs. Mitchell . dorothy head out . she stop , vivian mitchell you know , dorothy ... turn . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) despite what you may think ... I have nothin’ against ya will . dorothy take this in . then : dorothy I know . I know you probably believe that . dorothy smile at she . and then she walk out . leave vivian to absorb the truth of dorothy 's word . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 98 . ext . katherine 's house - night - later Katherine slug up the walkway to she house . she wave goodbye to dorothy and Mary pull away . int . katherine 's house - live room — continuous Katherine step in to find , joylette ( Mom , ) joylette ( 10 , ) Kathy and constance sit at the dinner table wear they best dress . the table be set , the room bath in candlelight . katherine please tell I I do not miss a birthday . Jim Johnson step in from the kitchen , wear a apron , hold a fry pan . jim johnson good evening , Mrs. goble . katherine _ ( hmmm . ) Jim . the girl help Katherine take off she coat , lead she to the table . constance Madame ... you seat . katherine be it my birthday ? the girl giggle . Katherine sit . constance push she seat in . Kathy put a napkin in she lap . Katherine look to she Mom . katherine ( cont 'd ) be you go to say anything ? joylette coleman it 's not my place . Jim sit next to Katherine . it 's quiet . Katherine look they all over . then : katherine okay , I be not go to do this all night ... ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 99 . continued : the Girls eye motion to something sit on the table right in front of Katherine . she finally look down ... and see a small box damn near under she nose . she know what it be . katherine ( cont 'd ) oh , mother of mercy . that 's for I . everyone nod . Jim take the box . then ... get down on one knee . instant tear come to Katherine 's eye . kathy be you sad , momma ? the girl comfort she . joylette ( 10 ) it 's okay , momma . constance he 's a good man . katherine I know . I know . I just . I can not help it . more tear . kathy he have not even ask you yet . katherine he 's go to . she look at Jim . katherine ( cont 'd ) be that what you be go to do ? jim johnson if anyone will let I . constance go on then . she 's already cry . Jim open the box : a classic , handmade diamond ring . jim johnson this be my mother 's ring . she and my father be marry - joylette ( 10 ) cut he off . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 100 . continued : ( 2 ) joylette ( 10 ) for 52 year . Jim look at joylette ( 10 ) . be you go to let I do this ? jim johnson I figure it 's about as lucky a ring as you can get . Jim take the ring . take Katherine 's hand . jim johnson ( cont ’d ) the day I meet you , I call my mother and ask she if I could have it . I say , '' Mom , I meet the woman I want to marry . '' Katherine cry more . Kathy butt in : kathy what would she say ? jim johnson she say , '' she must be something , Jimmy . really something . '' everyone 's enrapt in the story . constance : constance what do you say ? jim johnson I say , '' she 's not something . she 's everything . '' Jim put the ring on Katherine 's finger . jim johnson ( cont ’d ) I plan on this be more romantic . I will make that up to you real soon . but I know marrying you ... include the girl as well . joylette ( Mom ) clear she throat . joylette coleman amen to that . Katherine take Jim 's hand . katherine I do . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 101 . continued : ( 3 ) jim johnson I do not ask you yet . Katherine kiss Jim . she fold into he arm . the girl wrap they arm around the two of they . a family be bear . int . NASA hangar - another day a group of Engineers and NASA tech surround the mercury capsule . as we push through the crowd , we find aerospace artist , cecelia bibby , painting '' friendship 7 '' on the side of the capsule . John Glenn 's sit in the capsule 's hatch , dress in full gear . as a camera flash bulb pop , capture the moment . ext . NASA ground - another day raining . a gray day in every way . int . harrison's office - later Harrison be surround by pile of work . Katherine step in . katherine you want to see I , sir ? al harrison have a seat . this be serious . she oblige . katherine something wrong , Mr. Harrison ? al harrison no . there 's nothing wrong . in fact we IBM be churn out number in fraction of the time any human can . present company include . katherine that 's good then . al harrison maybe . the thing be , the cape be now insist on do all the backup down there . on site . oh , boy . katherine I see . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 102 . continued : al harrison so , we will not be run backup here . and truth be tell , we can not keep up with that IBM anyhow . Katherine can barely move . al harrison ( cont ’d ) Long story short , we no longer need a computer in this department . progress be a double edge sword . Harrison be struggle . hard to look she in the eye . al harrison ( cont ’d ) let 's have you report back to the West Group for now . we ’1ll see if we can find another assignment . katherine thank you , sir . all the effort . all the work . go in a split . Katherine stand . al harrison I be sorry about this , Katherine . it 's out of my hand , if you can believe it . katherine I understand . Katherine walk out . she do not say good - bye . katherine 's desk - later Katherine 's gather she thing . put she belonging in a file box . Ruth walk over , with a small present . RUTH Katherine ... she hold out the box . RUTH ( cont 'd ) Heard you get engage . katherine oh . yes . that 's very thoughtful of you . Katherine take the box . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 103 . continued : Ruth wait . until Katherine do the polite thing : she open the present . look inside : it 's a necklace of pearl . Real one . a consolation prize . katherine ( cont 'd ) they be lovely . RUTH Mr. Harrison 's idea really . beat the fake one , that 's for certain . Katherine 's hold back a flood of tear . Ruth ramble : RUTH ( cont 'd ) although I suspect he wife do the pick out . I can not imagine he have a eye for such thing ... as Ruth carry on , Katherine take it all in : the Space Task Group bustles around she . never stop . never slow down . stafford be at the board , confer with other Engineers . RUTH ( cont 'd ) now you have a great wedding . you do good work around here . Katherine look up at Harrison 's bubble . he 's on the phone . he make eye contact with she . nod a thank you . int . mcclean baptist church —- another day Katherine 's stand in front of a mirror , adjust the pearl necklace . she study it in the reflection . we pull out to reveal ... she 's dress in white . immaculate . her wedding day . dorothy and Mary join she in the reflection . katherine I do not think I could feel a thing the first time I do this . dorothy you look even more beautiful than you do back then . katherine you think so ? dorothy just a little older . mary and a little fuller . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 104 . continued : Katherine laugh . mary ( cont 'd ) but you look good . they wrap they arm around she . family forever . titles over : February 20 , 1962 ext . cape canaveral - dawn thousand of people be campe outside the chain - link fence . Signs , banner . american history in the make . John Glenn 's spacecraft , the friendship 7 , sit atop the atlas booster . a news reporter talk to camera . newscaster # 3 ..-- John Glenn , the first american to orbit the Earth . there be thousand of people here today ... people scream . Wave at the camera . int . west compute room - day - continuous we pull out of the newscast on a tv to find : dorothy , Katherine , Mary and the West Computing gal huddle watch . int . NASA —- tracking control room — continuous langley Command Central . engineer man every station . stafford be chew a pencil . Zielinski 's pace . Sam bring Harrison the latest launch calculation . he scan they . something 's off . al harrison this landing coordinate do not match yesterday 's . paul stafford the IBM just run they . al harrison then the IBM be wrong yesterday . or it 's wrong today . int . cape canaveral - crew quarter - morning John Glenn pour himself a coffee . surrounded by NASA personnel . Scott carpenter enter , with a data sheet . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 105 . continued : scott carpenter the landing coordinate be off . he hand John Glenn the data . he scan it . JOHN glenn what 's langley say ? scott carpenter they be on the line . John Glenn walk over to the phone . pick up . intercut with : NASA - tracking control room - continuous Harrison 's on the phone with John Glenn . al harrison ( on phone ) the IBM have be spot on up to this point , John , but we ’1ll run it again , see what it come up with . JOHN glenn on the phone at the cape - continuous JOHN glenn ( on phone ) to be honest with you , Al ... when I fly , I fly the machine and now I feel like the machine be fly I . John Glenn laugh . always a cool customer . al harrison we be on the same page . we be stay on the ground until this work out we way . stay tune . JOHN glenn let 's get the girl to check the number . al harrison the girl ? JOHN glenn yes , sir . the smart one . if she say they be good , I be ready to go . al harrison all right . we ’1ll get into it . Harrison hang up , call out to Sam : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 106 . continued : harrison Sam ... go find Katherine . she need to verify Glenn 's go / no go or we be stay on the ground . SAM yes , sir . the Assistant engineer rush off . ext . NASA ground - moment later Sam run off toward the West campus , lug worksheet . int . west compute room - day - continuous Sam barrel into the room . all head turn he way . SAM turner I be look for Katherine goble ?! Katherine hold up she hand . like a student . katherine it 's Katherine Johnson now . SAM turner they need you to verify this . he hold out the data . int . west compute room - a desk - moment later the stack of worksheet slam on a steel table . follow by pad of paper , a old calculator , slide ruler , several pencil and eraser . Katherine sit . start organize she work , she area , she thought . the entire West Group hover around she . dorothy alright , give she space . let she work . the Computers back off . Katherine take a deep breath and dig in . ext . NASA hangar - continuous John Glenn , fully dress in he space suit , step out of the hangar , carry he own portable air conditioner . Scott carpenter 's at he side : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 107 . continued : JOHN glenn anything from langley ? scott carpenter not yet . they step into a wait transport van . int . west compute room - continuous dorothy , Mary and the Computers be back in front of the tv . dorothy have one eye on Katherine . newscaster ( on tv ) t-minus 60 minute . all the final test and check be be conduct . John Glenn be ready to board the friendship 7 . Katherine scribbles furiously . she write azimuth angle and a degree with multiple decimal . then : ' re-entry go / no go 's and number through the sixth decimal place . katherine recovery position : longitude 21.347821. the lady abandon the tv . move to Katherine , in awe of she pencil scrawling the most complex calculation . katherine ( cont 'd ) latitude - 69.643667 . she write the final number , a hard point on the decimal . drop she pencil . take a breathe . mary what the devil be you do ? take a break ? Katherine jump up , gather she work , run like the wind . west hallway - moment later Katherine and Sam fly down the hall . pad 14 - continuous John Glenn and the NASA entourage step onto a elevator . John Glenn ask Scott carpenter for the time . he show he he watch . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 108 . ext . NASA ground - morning Katherine and Sam run . Katherine turn sharply , she know the inside track . Sam catch up . NASA tracking room hallway - moment later Katherine and Sam race toward the track Control room . NASA employees jump out of the way . Sam wrap on the door . bang ! bang ! bang ! outside the tracking control room - continuous another Assistant engineer open the door . Katherine hand he the work : katherine here you go . Sam step inside . and before Katherine can get a word in , the door close in she face . she 's lock out . she stand there , decompress . all that work . all that energy . never a ounce of satisfaction . eventually ... she walk away . down the hallway . crash ! the door spring open . Harrison step out into the hallway : al harrison Katherine . she turn at the familiar voice . he hold up a lanyard : a special clearance badge . tracking control room —- continuous Harrison escort Katherine into the room : the Engineers at control station , the massive screen , the live feed , tracking station , tech detail , etc . the energy . Katherine 's in awe . this be the culmination of she work . SAM turner ( call out to Harrison ) Sir , we have get pad 14 at the cape on the line . Harrison hit a button on the intercom . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 109 . continued : al harrison ( on mic ) this be langley . we have the coordinate confirm . intercut with : pad 14 - continuous Scott carpenter 's on the pad phone . scott carpenter ( on phone ) ( to John Glenn , at the prep pad ) langley 's on the phone . JOHN glenn right on time . John Glenn stalk over . scott carpenter ( on phone ) what do you say , langley ? Harrison pipe up : al harrison ( on mic ) we can confirm the go / no go point for re-entry be 16.11984 , - 165.2356 . the launch window be a go . the landing coordinate match . John Glenn answer himself . JOHN glenn ( on phone ) good to hear that , Al . hard to trust something you can not look in the eye . the whole team light up at the sound of John Glenn 's voice . al harrison ( on mic ) that 's right , Colonel . Katherine do manage to calculate a few decimal point further than that hunk of metal . JOHN glenn ( on phone ) I all take every digit ya get . be sure to thank she for I . al harrison ( on mic ) copy that . good luck , friendship 7 . we will see you in the Bahamas . JOHN glenn ( on phone ) God speed , langley . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 110 . int . west compute room - continuous dorothy , Mary and the West Group be glue to the tv . newscaster ( on tv ) t-minus 10 second . 9 . 8. the friendship 7 capsule - continuous John Glenn be laser focus . still . calm . mission control commander ( in JOHN be ear ) 7 . 6 . 5 . shot of the entire nation counting down - continuous -- the throng of people at cocoa Beach . -- people in front of a tv store in Times Square . tracking control room —- continuous Harrison turn away from the screen . do not care to watch . Katherine 's rivete . mission control commander ( on intercom ) 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . ignition . go for liftoff . cape canaveral - continuous the rocket blast off the pad . head toward the heaven . people stare in awe . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) we be programming into a roll . mission control commander ( v.0o ) Roger that . JOHN glenn ( v.o . ) it 's get bumpy along here . mission control commander ( v.o. ) Roger that . you be in Max q. the west computer - continuous no one move : JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) Roger that , smoothing out real fine . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 111 . continued : mission control commander ( v.o. ) twenty second to seco -- harrison , katherine and the tracking team - continuous JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) Zero G. feeling fine . I feel fine . Harrison rub he eye . mission control commander ( v.o. ) go for seco . the rocket become a indiscernible blaze high in the air on the screen . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) Roger that . and then ... it 's go . cape canaveral - continuous the crowd be silent . harrison , katherine and the tracking team Harrison crack he neck . the silence be torture . then : JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) oh , that view be tremendous . and , John Glenn 's in space . a collective sigh of relief . mission control commander ( v.o. ) Roger , that , friendship 7 . you be go for orbit . the journey have just begin . Harrison finally turn to the screen . al harrison 10.5 hour to go . if we make 7 round trip . he sit down . a rare event . al harrison ( cont ’d ) I need a coffee . assistant scramble . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 112 . int . west computer room - later the Computers be pack up for the day . head home . dorothy 's the last . she shut off the tv . vivian Mitchell enter . envelope in hand , she hold it out . vivian mitchell New assignment come down the pike . dorothy take the envelope . do not want to open it . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) always changin’ ' round here . hard to keep up . dorothy open the envelope . read . poker-face . she look up to vivian . vivian mitchell ( cont ’d ) seem like they be gonna need a permanent team to feed that IBM . dorothy how big of a team ? vivian mitchell 30 to start . they stare at each other for the longest time . a understanding between they . some growth . but mostly ... respect . dorothy thank you for the information , Mrs. Mitchell . vivian mitchell you be quite welcome ... Mrs. vaughan . Mrs. vaughan ? yes . she call she Mrs. vaughan . vivian walk out . dorothy open the letter and re-read : insert - dorothy vaughan , transfer assignment to : IBM Computing lab. position : supervisor . she walk to the door . turn back . take one last look at she old dig : the add machine , the mismatch desk ... and finally the '' color Computers '' sign . and ... she shut off the light . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 113 . tracking control room —- continuous Harrison 's drink coffee . Katherine 's sit in a chair . stafford be talk to tech . Zielinski 's eat a sandwich . suddenly , a warning light blink red . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) capcom 7 , I have a warning light . the friendship 7 capsule - continuous John Glenn inspect he console . mission control commander ( in JOHN 's ear ) standby , friendship 7 . tracking control room —- continuous Zielinski turn to Harrison . zielinski it 's the heat shield lock , Al . al harrison what be we look at , stafford ? stafford the heat shield may have come loose . mission control commander ( v.o. ) 7 , will you confirm the landing bag be in the off position ? the friendship 7 capsule - continuous John Glenn check : JOHN glenn affirmative , capcom . mission control commander ( in JOHN 's ear ) have you hear any bang noise or anything of this type at higher rate ? JOHN glenn that 's a negative . tracking control room —- continuous stafford be a mess : ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 114 . continued : stafford we need to get he down , now . we could burn up on re-entry . Harrison consider . then : al harrison get Hawaii capcom . ext . grammar school —- continuous Mary 's outside she kid 's school , scan the dozen of child for she little one . Levi , Jr. and carolyn Marie break through the crowd . hug they momma . mary gotta hurry , bunny rabbit . there 's a man in space . we do not want to miss it . Mary stop in she track . across the street : a crowd be gather in front of a appliance store window full of tvs. anxiety . worry on face . a man yell : man something 's wrong with Glenn . Mary pull she kid that way . appliance store window - continuous the tv newscaster : newscaster we have just learn , the friendship 7 be in danger of lose its heat shield . Mary and she kid , step up to the window . this be bad . mary ( talk to the tv ) tell they not to jettison the retro - package . int . dorothy 's car - continuous dorothy 's drive home . listen to the radio newscast of the mission . she turn the volume up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 115 . continued : newscaster ( on radio ) NASA be confirm this be some sort of malfunction with the capsule 's heat shield and it may not stay in place . this do not look good for John Glenn , America 's hero ... be in danger . tracking control room —- continuous panic . stafford 's on the phone . Harrison 's talk at he . al harrison tell they not to jettison the retro - package . if the heat shield be loose , the retro-package strap might hold it in place . paul stafford Hawaii . this be langely ... he wait . paul stafford ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) oh , God . it 's get to work . katherine it will work . the retro pack will hold it until the re-entry pressure secure the shield . Katherine give stafford a supportive nod . appliance store window - continuous Mary talk to the tv . mary he have to override the 05g . tracking control room —- continuous the air do not move . Zielinski 's also on the phone . he holler out : zielinski he have to override the 05g . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 , we be recommend that the retro-package not , I say again , not be jettison . this mean that you will have to override the 05g switch . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 116 . continued : JOHN glenn ( v.o . ) ah , Roger , that command . i’11 have to make a manual 05g entry , and bring the scope in . al harrison he know . int . dorothy 's car - continuous driving . listen to the radio . newscaster ( on radio ) without a heat shield , there 's no way for John Glenn to get back through the Earth 's atmosphere . dorothy see car in the middle of the road , pull over on the shoulder , traffic stop . time stop . people be look up to the sky . some be on they knee : praying . some cry . tracking control room —- continuous all eye on the screen : mission control commander ( v.o. ) you be go to use fly - by- wire for reentry . you will need to maintain a zero angle . over . the friendship 7 capsule - continuous John Glenn be oddly calm . JOHN glenn ah , Roger . I be on fly- by - wire , back - it up with manual . over . mission control commander ( in JOHN 's ear ) Roger . the weather in the recovery area : 3 - foot wave , 10 mile visibility . JOHN glenn Roger . you be ground -- ( static ) -- you be go out -- tracking control room —- continuous Harrison rub he whole head . stafford be damn near shaking . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 117 . continued : stafford he 's crossing the communication black - out zone . al harrison keep talk to he . mission control commander ( v.o. ) Seven , do you copy ? JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) I think the package just let go . do you copy ? there 's a real fireball outside and -- John Glenn cut off abruptly . the room be flatten . katherine please , God . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 . do you copy ? over . nothing . stafford bend over , head in he hand . Harrison walk over to the microphone . llean down to it . listen . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 , do you copy ? over . nothing . cape canaveral - continuous hundred of people be silent outside the gate . tracking control room —- continuous Zielinski be motionless . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 , do you copy ? over . ext . side of the road - continuous dorothy 's out of she car . amongst the crowd . White , black , united . she get down on she knee . the Radio broadcast echoe from the dozen of car . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 118 . appliance store window - continuous the window reflect Mary and she kid ... and the other freeze face . tracking control room —- continuous nothing move . no one breathes . the air be still . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 , do you copy ? over . still nothing . Harrison turn away from the screen . and then miraculously : JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) loud and clear , capcom . cheer of relief . mission control commander ( v.o. ) Roger that . how be you do ? JOHN glenn ( v.0 . ) my condition be good . but that be a real fireball , boy . stafford sink into he chair , overwhelm . mission control commander Roger that . let 's get you all the way home . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) Roger . here 's hope this landing coord still hold . Harrison look over at Katherine , she 's on she tip toe . lean , as if wishing the capsule on trajectory . mission control commander approach 16.119 . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) Roger . mission control commander approach - 165.23 . in 3 , 2 , 1 . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) engage chute . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 119 . continued : and then , on the screen , friendship 7 come into view . the parachute deploy . JOHN glenn ( v.o. ) how do I look , capcom ? mission control commander standby 7. a engineer hand the Mission Commander a calculation . he cross check the coordinate . then : mission control commander ( cont ’d ) you go / no go be good . landing coordinate be spot on , 7 . Katherine breath . her number stand the test . JOHN glenn Roger that , capcom . always want to swim in the Bahamas . over . Katherine smile over at a relieved Harrison . cape canaveral - continuous the crowd erupt . Men shake the fence . mission control commander ( v.o. ) friendship 7 , we have you in we sight . the navy be en route to recover . ext . side of the road — continuous woman be cry . Men hold kid . dorothy smile up at the sky . radio announcer ( v.o. ) John Glenn have splash - down and be be recover . appliance store window - continuous Mary scream out in joy . mary thank you , GOD ! the crowd echoe the sentiment . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 120 . ext . university of virginia campus - another day Mary 's in cap and gown , post graduation . she run into the wait arm of : Katherine and dorothy . happiest day of she life . the woman celebrate , laugh . Karl Zielinski tip he hat to Mary . smile at she . Mary take off she cap and throw it high into the sky . titles over : '' Mary Jackson go on to obtain she master 's degree in engineering from the University of Virginia . she become the first female engineer ... of any color at NASA . '' int . dorothy 's car - later dorothy 's drive home . titles over : '' dorothy vaughan become the head of langley 's centralize Electronic Computing Group , as NASA 's first black supervisor . in 1964 she join the scout team , work to send unmanned explorer to Mars . '' int . IBM computer room - some time later dorothy 's stand in front of the mainframe , she sleeve roll up . vivian Mitchell walk in with a group of transfer employees . Black and white . all woman . vivian mitchell Girls . this be Mrs. vaughan . you supervisor . she ’1ll show you how thing work . dorothy look over she new employee . dorothy lady ... better roll that sleeve up . this here be manual labor . tracking control room —- continuous a celebration . Engineers hug each other . cigar be light . somewhere champagne pop . Harrison walk over to Katherine . al harrison Nice work , Katherine . he offer she he hand . they shake . katherine you too , Mr. Harrison . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Hidden figure - 5/9/2016 - shoot draft - 121 . continued : he smile , for the first time . ever. underneath it all ... Harrison 's a kid : al harrison you think we can get to the moon ? Katherine nod , with all the certainty in the world : katherine we be already there , sir . titles over : '' in 1962 Katherine Johnson become a permanent member of the Space Task Group . she go on to perform the calculation for armstrong , aldrin and Collins 's , Apollo 11 flight to the moon . a year later , she backup calculation prove critical to the successful effort to rescue the astronaut in the damage Apollo 13 spacecraft . in 2015 , Katherine be award the presidential Medal of freedom . int . space task group - a year later the Space Task Group be all but empty . Katherine finish type a report : '' Notes on Space Technology '' by , Paul stafford ... and ... Katherine Johnson . she pull the cover page out of the typewriter , set it on top of the rest of the manuscript . stafford walk over , put a cup of coffee on Katherine 's desk . pick up the report . he walk off . Katherine sip she coffee . another day at work . fade out . the end . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library