" hider in the House , " by lem dobb hider in the house a original screenplay by lem dobb September 9 , 1987 ext . residential STREET - day on a very lovely street in a very nice neighborhood , Tom syke , the hider , be out for a walk . the hider be a man who blend in well with he surroundings . a good-look man in he thirty . to look at he , you would not know there be anything wrong ... the hider walk with such strange grace that he could be on a conveyor belt , a variety of neighborhood house pass he by , one style after another . sunlight and shadow play over the hider 's face as he walk , filter through the lush tree and greenery all around . then the hedge he 's walk past end and the next house make he stop . because it be not a house yet . it 's a half-house . a house under reconstruction . part build , part tear down , part finish , part matchstick frame . a evolve house , with a swarm of workmen all over it , hammer , saw , drilling . the hider stand and watch awhile . CUT to : ext . the house - evening the workmen have go . the hider enter the house from the back where it 's all completely open without door or window . int . the house the hider explore in the wane light . there be building material about . he run he hand over a pile of brick . he look at some wooden board and plank lean against a wall . wind howl through the dark house . he try the tap on a newly install sink . Water gush out . where the main stairway will be be now only a ladder . the hider climb it to the next floor . there be a number of room ; a hallway to more room . on a worktable be some plan and blueprint . the hider look at they . behind a door be a narrow little stairway . the hider go up it to -- the attic a fairly large attic , with a small window at one end . the attic be a part of the house that have remain pretty much untouched . the hider look up . ext . the roof a trap door be open . the hider climb out from the attic . he survey the scene from up here . below in the backyard there 's a empty swim pool , a partially complete patio , pile of dirt . because the house itself have many curve and corner and level , so do the roof . the hider jump down to another section and teeter for a moment where there 's a gape hole ( where the skylight will be ) . he catch himself . the hole go right through the house all the way to the ground floor . int . the attic the hider drop back in from the roof . he go to the small window and look out over the front street and neighborhood . the hider feel tired . he lie down on the attic floor and curl up . MAIN title begin . CUT to : montage - ext . / int . MAIN title sequence in which we see the gradual progress of the house as it grow toward completion -- juxtapose with the activity of the hider as he follow he own secret agenda : we see builder carefully fit a big skylight into place over that hole in the roof . we see how the hider spend he day -- in a library , study diagram in a book on Home improvement . we see he in the house at night , up in the attic , work on the floor in some way , hunch so we can not see . he 's drape a black cloth over the attic window and be surround by candle . we see the house take shape . carpenter finish a staircase . we see the hider eat alone in a simple cafeteria . we see the back of the house at night . the hider appear over the edge of the roof , rappelling down on a rope , make little toehold in the wall as he go . chink - chink with a small hammer , the SOUND muffled by cloth . the house be quite private from the view of its neighbor , and the section of wall the hider have choose for he secret ladder be further shadow by be a indent corner . we see plumber at work and painter arrive . we see the hider cash he disability insurance check at a check - cash place . we see the house further along . painter painting . electrician wiring . landscape gardener plant . we see the hider return to the house at night , emerge out of shadow . he go to he special corner , look around -- and start climb . his hand and shoe find the chink in the wall only he know be there . in long shot , if we see the figure climb fly - like up the side of the house at all , it 's only because we know he 's there . we see locksmith install lock on door . not that it will do any good now . we see the hider drop silently to the ground at night . newly plant vine help hide he descent even more and cause natural shadow to move on the side of the house in the breeze of the night . the hider walk down into the empty pool . he stand in the middle of it . there 's a full moon . the hider spread he arm as if to float backwards . splash ! we see the hider backstroke off one end of a long swim pool . he roll in the water and swim to the other end where he climb out . the hider be strong and powerfully build . he retrieve a towel from a bench . the towel say " ymca . " we see the hider at he ymca locker , after have a shower . Inside be everything he own in the world . the locker be pack with stuff . we see the house near completion . two man with clipboard walk around , check final detail . they go up to the attic . everything look fine . they go back down , close the attic stairway door . we see the hider at a booth in a coffee shop , sketching a diagram in a notebook while he eat . we see the house be do . and here the MAIN title pause . because we be almost at the end of we set - up now . just one more important job to be take care of . ext . the house - day it 's raining . the house be all finish . there be no more truck park on the street . no more rubble in the driveway . nothing abnormal to set the house apart from any other on the street . the house be still and peaceful in the rain and part of the neighborhood . ext . backyard the swim pool have now be fill with water . and raindrop pound into it . int . the house the room be stark and empty . White wall . shiny wood floor . Light reflect off they smooth surface . come through the bare windowpane . reception hall here by the solid front door , the house be a invitation . the hallway lead deeper in . Doors to room . the stairway to the next landing . the skylight over all , rain spattering up there on the thick glass . the only other noise , indistinct , be come from the attic . the attic the hider have the house to himself now . he 's finish he wall -- a false wall at the far end of the attic . the real wall go straight for a while then jut off at a angle to form a sort of alcove . the hider have brick off this alcove , give the illusion of one straight wall run the length of the attic . the attic - later the rain have stop . now the hider be plaster he wall . the attic - late afternoon the hider be take a breather . he stand look out of the small attic window as he eat a sandwich . to the right , he see a nasty neighbor yell at some kid who have come to retrieve they ball from he property . the nasty neighbor kick the ball away as hard as he can . on the leave , a car pull into the driveway of the other neighbor house . a mother ( the nice neighbor ) bring she kid home from school -- a Boy and a girl . another boy come by on a bike , pause to talk to the first Boy . at a house across the street , the hider hear a door shut and see a Cleaning woman in a white uniform walk away along a path . the attic - night the hider stand back to look over he handiwork . the false wall be now indistinguishable from the real wall . such a good job that one wonder why the hider build it , why he 's cut off the extra space behind it , apparently without access ... ... but wait . he 's make a secret panel in the floor . by push down in a certain way then slide away a section of floorboard , a hole be reveal , cut large enough to fit he like a coffin . he lie in it , cover himself up with the slide floorboard again , which click neatly back into place , and -- behind the false wall -- as he roll under the wall , come up out of a similar trap on the other side . he slide a floorboard cover into place over it . he pull down a foam mattress that he 's cut to size and blanket from where they have be hook up . he prop up two pillow in place and sit against the front wall beyond which be the street . he look over he shoulder , pull the lever of a second vent he 's install in this wall for air and to enable he to look out over the street . across the way , a mailman deliver mail to house . a woman walk she dog say hello to the mailman . the hider look forward again . he 's make a shelf or two for himself . there be a few book , some snack , a thermos and plastic bottle of water . he have a few other thing . he have a lantern and a flashlight . the space here be big enough for he to lie down with he arm at he side , or to stand comfortably . like a monk in he cell , it 's a room of he own . the attic - day Silent . empty . the hider behind the wall . ext . the house - day oh , and one last thing ... a " for sale " sign out in front . MAIN title end . CUT to : ext . a key - day turn in the front door . int . the house a real -estate lady come in with a yuppie couple . real - estate lady -- and it 's be do up so beautifully , you be lucky to be the first people to look at it . it 's my personal favorite of all of we home . they step into the light of the reception area , they head turn up instinctively to the skylight . int . hider' secret room the hider look tense . and displease . his privacy have be disturb . there be stranger in he house . int . kitchen - day footstep approach . woman' voice -- then there 's the kitchen , which have be entirely remodelled . she come in and we see that it 's a second real - estate lady -- with a older couple this time . the wife go to the sink and turn the tap . she jump back in fright as it spit violently and no water come out . second real -estate lady ( go over ) that 's strange . I what could be wrong here . int . bathroom - day another couple have try a tap , and this time the faucet have burst -- explode water at they . int . the house - day ouch ! a single man scratch he arm on a nasty splinter as he go through a doorway . ext . patio - day as he come out , the door now come unhinge , fall on he . int . MAIN stairway - day two Men be lead upstairs . along the way , one of they notice a large patch of dampness on the wall and bring it to the attention of he friend . ext . the roof spreadeagled on the roof as he peek down through the skylight ... the hider . int . hallway - day a Black couple be be take through the house . suddenly the wife notice something on the floor as they pass -- a " roach Motel . " she and she husband look at each other distastefully . int . supermarket - day the hider look over a display of meat . he select a steak . int . the house - day the hider put the steak away -- underneath the floor of a room . int . hallway - day a fat couple be sniff the air as they follow a real - estate man . the Real - estate man open the door to a room -- and a cascade of fly swarm out . ext . the house - day the fat couple hurry out , handkerchief over they nose , chase by the upset Real - estate man . real - estate man -- in all new house there be certain kink to be irone out . crane up to that vent in the wall at the very top of the house . int . hider' secret room he watch the fat couple leave . his expression say : " yeah , that 's it , go away , go away , you awful people . " CUT to : ext . the STREET - day a car approach the house . int . a upstair room the hider be lie on the floor in a patch of sunlight . when he hear the car park and door OPEN , he stand up in one quick movement and go to the side of the window . ext . house the original Real - estate Lady have come out of the car . while from the other side of the car emerge -- julie dreyer a beautiful woman . she get out of the car with a extraordinary grace . she smooth she skirt with one light brush of she hand . she turn to look at the house , afternoon sunlight fall on one side of she face . the hider his face move closer to the window , though keep to the side in shadow . the hider' face a look we have not see before . a look of fascination . he 's smitten . julie dreyer walk toward the house now , glance gently from side to side , almost glide . the hider step back from the window , instinctively neaten he hair . int . downstair the front door open and the Real -estate Lady and Julie come in . julie it 's be on the market a while , have not it ? real -estate lady not very long . there have be a couple of bid already . julie because it catch my eye when it be in a higher price bracket in the listing . real -estate lady oh , yes , well , you know , when developer remodel a house they often overestimate they cost at first . it 's not like it 's be mark down or anything . julie ( a sly look ) just reduce . real -estate lady ( concede with a shrug ) sometimes they prefer a quick return on they investment . julie this be a terrific entrance hall , what a welcoming feel . real -estate lady be not it ? Julie step on a floorboard that creak , but it do not seem to bother she . it 's clear she first impression of the house be very good . int . upstair - day Julie and the Real -estate Lady come up . real -estate lady you will see that there 's really much more space than the average three bedroom . julie oh , space ! -- you say the right thing . real -estate lady how large be you brood ? julie two -- three if you count the husband . real -estate lady we must always count the husband . by my count there have be ... four . but I still live in hope . Julie be look around , still like what she see . she go into the room the hider be in . int . room of course he 's not here now . Julie walk around the room . julie well , phil be not sure he want we to be this far outside the city . but we have friend around here and something tell I I should take a look at this house . I want to be somewhere surround by green . the window the hider be at have be open , the branch of a tree sway outside it , and Julie take a breath , the air fresh and sweet . julie ( continue ) ... I just have a feel . she walk around the room , almost a waltz in beauty . she come to the closet . she open the door and look in , leave and right . it 's quite empty . int . hider' secret room above the front bedroom that Julie be in . the hider be crouch on the floor , a look of contentment on he face . he cheek against the wood like a caress . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day the hider be sit in a chair . therapist how 's the new place ? hider it 's great . it 's clean and airy and quiet -- there be tree and flower . there 's still some fix up I have to do , but it 's come along . therapist and the rent be okay ? hider oh , it 's nothing . no problem . I be really lucky to find this place . therapist all right then . that 's important , be not it ? -- for you to be in a " up " environment . I be say you should literally take that as you base , do you know what I mean ? it 's something positive that you have accomplish -- even if you be force by circumstance -- something for you to build upon . hider ( nodd ) right . therapist and what about work ? have you have any more thought about what you would like to be do now ? hider well , I have be do a little independent contracting , some carpentry here and there , y'know , do - it - yourself - type stuff . I still find it very soothing . therapist I be happy that you be work again . as long as it come naturally , that 's terrific . you have always like work with you hand , have not you ? hider yeah , since I be a kid . I have a woodwork class once when I be ... in school that time . then I learn a lot more when I be in the -- therapist -- hospital . hider -- institution . therapist right. ( shuffles paper ) so , you have a new place , you have start work a bit -- I be sure you will be meeting some new people . hider actually , I have meet someone . there 's a woman I think I like . therapist oh , good -- well , I hope you will have more to tell I next time . CUT to : int . attic stairway - day a twelve - year- old boy , neil dreyer , rush up the step to the attic . int . hider' secret room the hider watch through the vent as Neil run around the attic in a circle then run out again . downstair Neil run down the stair and past Julie , who 's with the Real - estate Lady , and past -- phil dreyer husband and father , who turn around as Neil zoom past . phil Neil , calm down . julie Neil , do not leave the back door open -- I do not want Holly near the pool . phil we would have to get one of that slide cover for the pool . the Real - estate Lady glance with a smile at holly dreyer , five year old , wander around in the next room . real -estate lady yes -- they be quite inexpensive and easy to install . phil ( take Julie aside , to Real -estate Lady ) do you mind if we -- real -estate lady please -- take as much time as you want . the Real - estate Lady go to be with Holly while phil lead Julie into the live room . on the way , Julie happen to notice that the creak floorboard do not anymore . live room phil pace around . phil Julie , I just do not think we can afford this house . zoom to a air-condition vent in a wall behind they . int . hider' secret room the hider be listen on a intercom he 's obviously set up . hider ( mouth the word to himself ) ... " Julie " ... int . live room Julie remain still and calm as she watch she husband walk nervously around she . julie I hear what you be say , but I know what you be think . phil what ? julie you be think exactly what I think when I first see this house , phil what 's that ? julie this -- be -- the -- one -- for -- we . phil stop know I so well . julie I know it 's at the high end of we range -- phil High end ? honey , it 's a whole new budget . julie but it 's what we want . phil you want furniture too , do not you ? julie they do not expect to get what they be ask . let 's make a offer . phil you want I to bargain at the high end of we range ? -- I will have a stroke . I have get to save all my sweat for my meeting in three week . julie you could have a pool to cool off in . phil ( look out at pool , nodd ) it 's a nice pool , be not it ? julie and it 's a short commute . phil it will be even short if I get that new job . come on . phil take she hand and walk out of the room . ext . pool - day Neil kneel by the pool , splash he hand in the water . julie and phil stand back further in the garden , regard the house from this viewpoint . Little Holly play on the grass near they . julie let 's do it . take a breath and -- and if we be over we head , well , we will sell it . Philip , this be we house . you know it be . it 's we house . phil be nodd to himself now , she enthusiasm turn he on . finally he give in . phil all right , but look , we can not say anything to this shark lady now , okay ? we have to play it real cool . other side of fence the nasty neighbor , water he yard , notice they , particularly Julie , and stare . julie and phil start back to the house . julie what if someone else busy it in the meantime ? phil honey , nobody busy a house overnight -- if someone else come back at they , well , we might have to make a counter offer . but we can not look too eager or we will get screw . the pool the Real - estate Lady stand by Neil . real -estate lady so you have see a lot of house then ? neil yeah , a bunch , but my mom really like this one . she be all excited when she see it and get my dad all excited when she tell he about it . he 's sick of look already . julie and phil strol back , try to look cool . neil be we gonna buy this house ? phil do you have enough money ? julie ( to the Real -estate Lady ) we be go to think about it . phil it 's very nice , but it 's still a little pricey for we . real -estate lady ( as they go back inside ) well , Mr. dreyer , I do not have to tell you what a important investment a house be . phil actually , I never recommend property to my client as merely a good investment . there be bond that can serve just as well . a house for I be a place I want to live and raise my family in . int . downstair room there 's something shiny on the floor . we hear they coming back in . Holly appear , notice the shiny thing , come to pick it up . int . hallway Holly come run out of the room . holly mommy , mommy , mommy ! Julie sweep she daughter up in she arm . holly ( continue ) I find a cent ! julie " find a penny , pick it up , all day long you will have good luck ! " int . hider' secret room strain to hear the softly crackling voice on he intercom , he 's thrilled that she get the point and share common folklore with he . he go " yeah ! " to himself . int . downstair Holly show the Real - estate Lady the penny . holly look at my coin ! real -estate lady must be a good omen , sugar . as if on cue , some bird alight on a sunny windowsill nearby and start chirp . Julie be delighted , turn Holly to show she . julie must be . neil tug he father 's arm . neil dad , we can not decide unless Rudolf get to look too ! phil ( to Real - estate Lady ) would you mind if Rudolf have a look too ? real -estate lady by all mean , let 's Rudolf 's opinion . Neil fling open the front door -- and Rudolf come charge in -- bark ! int . hider' secret room the hider 's eye go wide in alarm . int . house Rudolf race right up the stair ! upstair hallway Rudolf rush toward the attic doorway , he paw slide on the new floor . he bark . downstair phil shout upstairs : phil Rudolf , get down here ! woof -woof ! Rudolf reappear . come charge downstairs , go run right through the house and -- ext . back patio the stupid dog run right outside and jump straight in the pool . holly oh , gross ! neil it 's okay -- Rudolf like the house ! phil hey , c'mon now , get he out of there ! -- this be not we house yet . ext . front of house - day the family be leave . phil whisper a aside to Julie . phil how be we -- be we cool ? julie Paul Newman in " the hustler . " phil good -- that 's what I be try to project . julie take a last look over she shoulder , notice more bird at another window . a lyrical scene that charm she . int . hider' secret room lying look out he vent at she , the hider bite he hand with glee . camera pan back from he to he shelf ... where sit a packet of bird seed . CUT to : ext . the house - evening the hider , walk by again , see that a " sold " sticker have be plaster onto the " for sale " sign . CUT to : int . appliance store - day the hider be look at telephone . he choose one to buy . CUT to : int . the house - upstair bedroom - night the hider be in the house . do something at a telephone jack . then we see he unreel a length of wire into the closet , and we hear a drill . int . hider' secret room - night he 's run a wire up here and be now connect it to the phone he buy . int . hider' secret room - later that night now the hider be relax on he mattress , he phone to he ear . his call be answer . answer service dial answer service ? hider hi , this be Tom syke . answer service Mr. syke ? let I see ... there be two call for you today . one from Dr. Levine at three o'clock -- he would like to reschedule next week 's appointment , if possible . and the dry cleaner call and say you jacket be ready . hider oh , yeah , I forget about that . I have be real busy . I just get a new phone install , so I think I would test it . okay , Claire , thanks a lot , talk to you again . answer service Goodbye , Mr. syke . the hider disconnect he phone . CUT to : int . hider' seoret room - later that night he 's drilling again . stop , he blow away the dust and press he face down to the tiny hole he 's make , squinting to see if he can see anything through it . he sit up again , wiping he brow , int . hider' secret room - day he 's asleep . Breeze enter through the outside wall vent , rustling he hair . he 's awaken by the SOUND of a car parking in the driveway . he roll over and pull the lever of he vent for a view outside . ext . the house phil get out of he car , smile , hold he hand out . phil come on , honey -- let 's go play in the new house . int . hider' secret room he 's all excited to see Julie again -- but then he face drop . ext . the house another woman have emerge from the car , take phil 's hand as he lead she to the front door . a very attractive , toothy young woman . his secretary . int . entrance hall they come in . the Secretary look around . she have a certain air of sophistication that make phil want to swoon . secretary ooh , I like . phil start hugging she . they both giggle . int . upstair bedroom - day they come in . phil and this -- be the master bedroom . secretary oh yeah ? where 's the bed ? phil right over here . the room be still completely empty , but he go and outline where the bed will be . secretary be it a king or a queen ? phil it 's a double . secretary even better . phil ( start to nibble she neck ) even cosier . secretary that 's right -- you get the bill this morning . I put it on you desk . phil thank you -- how efficient of you . int . hider' secret room his face be to the floor , look through the peephole he make . through the peephole he see the two of they drop to the floor , phil 's hand go up under he Secretary 's skirt , help she tug down she pantyhose . int . hider' secret room he recoil . he 's disgust by this . but more than that , he 's angry -- angry for Julie . she 's marry to this bastard . the hider get more and more incense as he think about it . int . master bedroom - later phil be on he foot again , buckle he pants . his Secretary be pull she pantyhose back on . int . entrance hall - later phil and he Secretary on they way out , phil pause to punch in the code on the security box . phil when we move in , everyone 's go to have to learn to work this complicated security system . ext . the house phil and he Secretary come out . phil double -lock the front door , proudly show he Secretary the key to he new house . his face flushed with contentment . int . hider' secret room the hider watch they leave . his face flushed with anger and hatred . CUT to : montage - int / ext . the house - day move day as the dreyer move into they new house . CUT to : int . the house - night there be box and thing in the entrance hall , and voice come from the live room . int . live room the family cheer as a clear picture appear on a big color tv and phil emerge from behind it . phil okay ! we have tv ! we can all get stupid again ! neil what about cable ? phil we will get cable when the cable company be good and ready -- you think you can survive till then ? neil no . julie gimme a break , Neil -- you father just spend three hour connect the vcr . Neil push a button to play a tape -- and we see Steve mcqueen in solitary confinement in " papillion " or " the great escape . " phil all right , that 's enough for one day -- I want everyone up at the crack of dawn . we have the whole weekend to get this place in shape . everyone moan , too excited to go to bed , as he turn off the vcr and the tv and everyone upstairs . CUT to : int . neil be room - night he dump out of a box more car , gun , soldier and robot than we have ever see . int . master bedroom phil look out the window over he new street before hang up a sheet as a temporary curtain . it fall down . int . holly room Julie sit on the bed , read Holly a bedtime story . julie ' " ... or I will huff and I will puff and I will blow you house down ! " and inside they new house , the three little pig just laugh -- ' holly ' who 's afraid of the Big bad Wolf , the Big bad Wolf ... ' int . upstair hallway Rudolf the dog sniff at the close attic door . ext . the house - night the " for sale " sign be go , of course . the dreyer ' two car be in the driveway . there be light on in the house . one by one they go out . and then ... up in what seem to be the attic ... a single light ... come on . CUT to : int . department store - day the hider be at a perfume counter . salesgirl be you be help , sir ? hider I be look for some perfume . salesgirl any particular brand ? hider well , it 's for a woman . salesgirl ( laugh , although the hider be not be humorous ) wife , girlfriend or mother ? hider oh -- uh -- girlfriend . CUT to : int . kitchen - day Julie turn to she kid , who be finish breakfast . julie c'mon , kid , let 's go . neil ( sarcastic ) " we do not want to be late for we first day of school . " phil ( look in refrigerator ) all right , who eat the last piece of cheesecake ? neil I do not . he jab he little sister in the rib . julie now , Neil . stop teasing you sister . phil ( slam refrigerator door ) damn . Holly turn she head , deadpan , as she watch she dad walk out of the kitchen . ext . driveway - day phil walk from the house toward he car -- when he see the nasty neighbor kick a paper cup from he drive onto phil 's . phil hey -- uh , excuse I . he go over . the nasty neighbor turn around and stare at he . phil ( continue ) I do not kick this onto you property . phil toss it into a nearby brand - new garbage can on he side of they common border . phil ( continue ; hold out he hand ) phil dreyer -- we just move in over here . the nasty neighbor stare at he . nasty neighbor I see you have kid -- and a dog . phil that 's right . nasty neighbor just keep them quiet and away from my property . he walk away , mutter something under he breath . phil be stunne by this impoliteness -- as Julie come out with the kid and the dog , ushere they into she car , then come over to phil . phil do you hear that ? julie what ? phil do you hear what he say ? julie what ? phil he make , you know , a remark . julie honey , be you okay ? phil -- and keep my kid away from he property -- who the hell do he think he be ? some nice neighborhood . julie honey , the meeting today be go to be fine . do not get in a uproar . phil I know . it 's just have to pass muster with this junior before the senior partner even agree to see I . julie it 's just a dumb game they play . you want to be at a bigger firm , get use to the politics . neil and holly ( in b.g. ) mom ! Julie give phil a hug . julie kill them . high angle a view down on the driveway from , say , the attic of the house . we see phil give Julie a perfunctory kiss . he wave to the kid as he go to he car but first turn to the garbage can , pick out the paper cup , and toss it over the nasty neighbor 's fence . CUT to : int . julie' car - day she park the car -- and turn to Neil . julie good luck , kid , Neil do not find that particular amusing . he look with a frown at where they have arrive -- he new school . he reluctantly get out of the car . julie ( continue ) hey. ( lean for a kiss ) have a nice time -- it 's a good school . holly bye , Neil ! neil as Julie drive away , he turn around to see -- -- a terrifying , brutish kid stare malevolently at he and make kissing sound . this be the bully . bully ( mimick sarcastically ) " bye , Mom -- bye , mommy . " the bully have two goons flanking he , also make kissing noise , and giggle at Neil 's expense . Neil just think to himself , " oh , Christ . " CUT to : int . the house - upstair hallway - day alone in the house now , the hider descend from the attic , come cautiously out of the attic doorway . int . master bedroom - day the hider , listen for sound from the driveway outside , pull a shirt of phil 's from a laundry basket . he start pour perfume on it . CUT to : ext . playgroup school - day Julie take Holly inside with other small child and they parent . CUT to : ext . playground - day Neil lean against a wall , frown on he face , hand in he pocket . watch a game of kickball he have not be invite to join in . suddenly , the bully and he goons be stand in front of he . bully so , Neil . how 's it goin ' ? neil okay . bully I be Bernard , by the way . that be cool reebok , Neil . they be real new , be not they ? the bully scuff Neil 's new reebok with he own shoe . neil hey , c'mon . bully they be really white . the bully 's two goons join in , all smear they shoe on Neil 's . neil hey , c'mon , you guy , lay off . he try to move forward , but the bully push he back against the wall and hold he there while the two goons continue mess up Neil 's shoe . bully we gotta break them in for you . you do not wanna go ' round lookin ' like a new dil - wad , do ya ? he point to something on Neil 's shirt . Neil look down and the bully slap he face . the bully walk away , give Neil a shove . his goons do the same . presently , two friendly boy come up to Neil ( one be the boy who life next door to Neil ) . friendly boy you meet Bernard . Nice guy , huh ? CUT to : ext . the house - day Julie 's car come back . she get out with the dog . she 's juggling two bag of grocery . she drop one of they and after bend over to pick it up hear a noise , turn to see the nasty neighbor leer at she . she go inside . int . the house - entrance hall put the bag down , Julie peek past the blind at the window next to the door , watch the nasty neighbor go back to he house . she see the nasty neighbor 's wife there , give the nasty neighbor a hard time . the nasty neighbor ignore he wife , walk past she into they house . CUT to : int . laundry room - day Julie be put laundry into the washer . we hear a SMALL noise in the house that she do not seem to notice . she sort out some clothes . then pause , pilling out a shirt of she husband 's . she hold the collar up to she nose . something bother she . she smell the collar again . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day the hider look pensive . hider yeah , thing be move along , but she 's still involved with this other guy and it 's a little tricky . therapist listen , no one ever say express yourself to the opposite sex be easy , but when the time come , you have to do it and you hope the outcome will be good for both of you . you come out of solitary and you rejoin the human race , as difficult as that sometimes can be . hider when I be a child ... I get use to the closet . the box . the cabinet under the kitchen sink ... with that persistent drip . I use to the smell of the box . wood. cardboard . I get so I be comfortable there in the dark . even ... even that old refrigerator in the yard . that smell like rust and decay . ( pause ) it be safe in the box . it be when they take I out -- you do not want to know what he parent do to he when they take he out of the box . therapist in the institution ... when you be violent ... do you want they to put you in solitary confinement ? he watch the hider . hider I guess so . I mean , I know I be responsible for my own action . it be never because I be angry with anyone . I do not mean to hurt anyone ever . therapist you be responsible for you own action and you do not mean to hurt anyone . in other word , you have do you best . I be say do not carry the burden of other people 's action on you shoulder , because they be beyond you control . the hider nod in agreement . there 's a pause . therapist ( continue ; softer ) be you still afraid of you parent ? of they find you ? the hider shift uncomfortably in he chair . hider that be year and year ago . they must be very old now , if they be still alive . he put on a brave face . hider ( continue ) no , my parent do not worry I anymore . I mean , that 's why I be ultimately release , be not it ? I mean , even with the state close down the hospital and all . because I be able to be on my own at last . ( smile ) I be cure . CUT to : int . the house - night family life . Holly be play with toy in the live room with the dog . Neil trail after he mother , who 's move back and forth from the kitchen to the dining room . neil why can not you just drive I to my old school every morning ? julie because you would have to get up at five a.m. , would you like that ? neil I could take a cab on the way home . julie here , take this out to the table . neil but there 's this psycho . really . Mom , there 's a psycho I have to deal with every day . I do not know why they let a psycho even go to school ! she push he out of the room . she look at phil , who 's toss a salad . julie how be lunch ? phil huh ? julie how be you lunch with Charlie ? phil oh -- great . julie well , do he hear anything about you prospect for the new job ? phil no . if I hear anything you will be the first to know , all right ? julie watch he take the salad out to the dining room . we hear he voice from out there , say the typical kind of thing a parent say in a child - fill house when he 's try to clear the table for dinner : phil ( o.s. ) whose be this ? who leave this here ? CUT to : int . neil be room - night he 's fast asleep . so be the dog on the floor . a mask of a bearded man hang from a chair . int . holly room - night she 's fast asleep . a Disney mobile twirl gently in the air overhead . int . master bedroom - night Julie and phil fast asleep . she 's turn toward he . he 's turn away from she . int . upstair hallway - night the dog scratch again at the attic door ... which slowly start to open . CUT to : int . the house - entrance hall - day a sunday-lunch housewarm party be in progress . Julie be greeting phil 's friend , charlie , who 's just arrive with he wife . charlie ( hand over a present ) -- a little something for the new house . julie oh , thank you , Charlie . other guest be in the live room . ext . the pool - day some cute teenage girl in bikinis be loung around the pool . they be giggle as they pass a cigarette of some kind between they , check over they shoulder that there be no adult around . at the back of the garden Neil and he two Friends from he new school be spying on the girl . behind they , a rope ladder dangle from a treehouse under construction . neil God , you sister 's really hot . neil friend # 1 shut up . neil friend # 2 she be . neil friend # 1 do not look at she . look at the other one . int . the house - dine room - day the guest be eat now . julie well , the neighbor be a little weird -- other than that ... another couple , the Nice neighbor , laugh at that . ( the woman be the mother next door who the hider see come home that day . ) nice man thanks a lot . phil present company except -- it 's the neighbor out there to the right who be a bit strange . julie yeah , I catch he look at I the other day . nice woman in all the year we have live here , I do not think we have speak a word to they , have we , hon ? nice man sometimes when I go to the hospital early in the morning , I have see he come home . maybe he work at night . nice woman you will probably see the wife once in a while at the supermarket . truly one of the walk dead . more easy laughter . a very sensual woman , rita , smoke a cigarette and give Julie a wink . Julie smile back . clearly they be best friend . charlie sound like you normal upper - middle - class neighborhood to I . ext . the pool - day the girl go away . the boy emerge from they hide place . neil let 's follow them . neil friend # 1 what for , dickweed ? neil it 's fun . neil friend # 1 grow up , dreyer . int . kitchen - day Julie be make coffee in here with rita . rita you have do a really great job with the house . it 's great ! julie yeah . there 's still a lot I want to do . it 's not quite ... the kid be not really settle in yet . even the dog have be terribly high -strung and whine a lot since we have be here . look , he have not even come in for he food today . rita so you do not have anything concrete ? julie no , I tell you . a whiff of perfume on he shirt . rita have you just plain ask he ? julie I have ask he what 's wrong . rita and ? julie the same thing -- he business pressure , the whole move and everything . he 's frantic about nail this new job , worried about screwing over he present boss . rita I be sure that 's all it be , honey . maybe you both just need a vacation . julie I have try to get he to agree to one . I just -- I do not know ... I be get such weird vibe lately . rita do not drive yourself crazy . it 's probably nothing . the boy come in from the backyard . rita ( continue ; flirt shamelessly ) hi , Neil . neil hi . we be go to the mall . he and he friend go out . julie rita , he 's only twelve year old , rita ( raise she drink ) he will never appreciate it more . CUT to : int . dine room - day Julie lift Holly up into she lap , then engross in conversation do not pay attention when Holly climb back down . nice woman ... no , not really . we do hear of break -in now and again , but it 's generally a real low - crime area . we have never have any trouble . julie be there any kind of Neighborhood watch or -- nice man ( put arm around he wife ) you be talk to she . his wife laugh and give he a playful slap on the arm . phil seem to be flirt with rita . Holly walk out of the room . int . downstair hall Holly come out from the room . she start along toward ... the door out to the pool that 's be leave wide open . ext . the pool Holly come out . she walk to the pool . she walk to the edge and look over the water , walk further on -- toward the deep end . she crouch the there . she pick up a leaf and toss it in the pool and watch it float . she reach to bring it back but it 's already float too far out . she reach further , lean over the deep water and -- suddenly two big hand lunge at she back -- as if to push she in -- but they grab she to stop she fall in , and lift she up in the air , run back to the house with she , push she inside and shutting the door with a definite click behind she , CUT to : int . live room - night Julie and phil be clean up after they housewarm . Julie be look at a very pretty green vase among other present . julie do you remember who give we this ? phil no . julie there 's no card or anything . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night Julie and phil in bed . julie I hear thing in this house , phil all new house have noise . julie how long do it have to be a new house ? phil one day before we know it it will be a old house and we will be old in it -- and I will still be pay for it . julie Neil 's still have a bad time at school . I feel terrible see he so upset all the time . phil he 's make some friend , have not he ? Julie be start to give phil little nibble on he neck . phil ( continue ) I mean , he 's a smart kid , he will get by -- he take after I . you be too sensitive . julie ( seductively ) I know someone else who 's sensitive . she 's rub he under the cover . phil ( have enough of this ) honey , I have a lot of meeting in the morning . he turn away . phil ( continue ) you never know when , do you . CUT to : ext . the house - night all quiet . int . hider' secret room he wake up . he 's restless . he 's hot . he reach for one of he water bottle , but it 's empty . he lick he lip . now that he 's think about have a drink , he can not get the idea out of he mind . he lie down again , but soon sit up . he 's start to feel a little trap . int . the attic - night the hider emerge out of he secret panel in the floor . he 's hold a water bottle . int . upstair hallway the door from the attic stairway slowly open . the hider carefully step out . he look one way -- all clear -- look the other -- and stop dead in he track . Holly be stand at the other end of the hall look at he . she rub she eye sleepily . when she look again , the hider be go . Holly turn around and walk to she parent ' door where she knock . Julie open the door , look down at Holly . julie baby , what be it ? holly I be thirsty . julie aw , okay . she start to lead Holly down the main stair . int . hider' secret room he 's back in hide , and hit himself for he carelessness , sweat more than ever , desperately afraid that he almost blow the whole deal . int . MAIN stair Julie hold Holly 's hand as they descend the dark stair . julie it 's the middle of the night , sweetie . holly a man scared I . julie a man ? be it a dream ? holly uh huh . CUT to : int . dine room - morning the family have breakfast . phil read the " Wall Street Journal , " not even look at he toast as he lift it to he mouth . Julie feel ignore . neil ( look around ) have anyone see Rudolf ? I do not think he come in last night . julie no , honey , I have not see he . do not you feed he this morning ? neil ( scream ) rudolf ! phil Neil , do you mind ? neil ( softer ) Rudolf ? c'mere , Rudolf ! Holly be draw a picture . holly picture a dark silhouette of a man 's shape . neil ( o.s. ) Rudolf ! CUT to : int . the house - live room - night phil cradle Holly on the couch . she 's cry . the family watch tv . phil do not cry , honey , Rudolf know how to take care of himself . I be sure he 's okay . maybe he just go on a trip . holly like we vacation ? be we still go ? phil look at Julie . phil yeah , I guess it would be good for we to get away for a while . maybe Rudolf get the same idea . dog need a change of scene , too , from time to time . julie ( stroke Holly 's hair ) someone nice will find he if he get lose . Neil get up to leave . neil I hate it here ! I hate it ! he run out and upstairs . Julie and phil look at each other . CUT to : int . coffee shop restaurant - night the hider sit at the counter , eat a simple meal . it 's late . there be a few other lonely people at the counter or in booth . a fade waitress . it 's a american scene . waitress ( flirt slightly ) you do not finish you green , but I will let you have some dessert . hider ( pick up check ) no , thank you . waitress come on , you know you want some . hider no , not tonight , I have to be get on home . he leave enough money on the counter and turn away . the waitress 's hope go with he . CUT to : ext . the house - night the hider , like the human fly , crawl up the side of the house use he toehold , shield by the vine and shadow . CUT to : int . the house - entrance hall - day Neil be walk away from he dad . neil all right then , if I have to go to school then I would better go . phil why ? I just read you report card . what 's the point ? stay home , watch some television , we will get " mad " magazine deliver . ( wave report card ) what kind of report card do you call this ?! neil I have be go through a lot of personal crap , all right ? phil oh really ? you have be go through a lot of personal crap . you , princess Di and madonna ? Neil cough . phil ( continue ) if you want that baseball jacket for you birthday , Neil , learn to cough a little more realistically . neil I have a cold . phil what do the thermometer say ? neil the thermometer 's break . julie he do not have a temperature . neil I can not help it if my homework be tear to shred three time a week by someone much bigger than I . phil y'know what ? I be ready to cancel we trip . I really be . I have have it . neil and I can not help have a cold . phil what d' you want I to do , Neil ? I have tell you we will get another dog . what do everyone want I to do ? you want to move back ? huh ? would you like that ? should we all just pack up again and move back ?! this yell resound throughout the entire house . CUT to : ext . a STREET - day Neil be walk home from school . he hear something and look back nervously . suddenly , the bully and he goons come out of some tree , surround Neil . immediately they start shove he around a bit , take he bag . neil give it here , Bernard . bully whoa , check it out . a new fountain - pen set he find in Neil 's bag . neil . put it back ! bully Nice pen , Neil . he shake it at Neil , spraying ink all over the new baseball jacket he 's wear -- then stab the nib into a tree . neil fucker ! the goons hold Neil back . the bully hit Neil . bully do not call I a fucker , you little asshole . he yank a pocket of Neil 's jacket until it tear . Neil try to get he again but one of the goons trip he . bully ( continue ) hey , you be really clumsy , Neil . look at the mess you make . he dump the rest of the content of Neil 's bag over Neil 's head and walk away laugh cruelly with he goons . Neil look at he jacket and call after they . neil fucker ! CUT to : ext . another STREET - day now the bully be walk home . alone . suddenly he stop . there 's a dollar on the ground in front of he . he bend to pick it up -- and a hand clamp over he face and pull he into some bush . in the bushes the bully be drag deeper in . he struggle in sheer panic . he 's twisted around momentarily . his face be fill with fear as he glimpsis he attacker . bully please -- please -- the hider 's big hand muffle he again . CUT to : int . the house - laundry room - night Julie flatten the baseball jacket out to have a look with Neil . it look all right . we hear a phone ring and phil answer it . neil thank God . julie I think we get it just in time before the ink dry . neil whew . julie the pocket 's a cinch -- I will sew it up for you after dinner , okay ? neil thanks , Mom . int . kitchen phil be about to hang up . Holly sit at the kitchen table . phil ( into phone ) oh , gee , well , thanks for let we know . Goodbye . ( there 's a double click ) hello ? he hang up . Julie and Neil come in . phil ( continue ) oh boy , I just hear something horrible . that be audrey next door . Neil , do you know a boy name Bernard gunther ? Neil look up in alarm . phil ( continue ) he life on the other side of the hill , I guess , so do not get too scared , but it look like he be just , I do not know , attack on he way home from school . audrey hear that he be ... ( catch himself with a sigh ) ... well , apparently he 's in the hospital now . one of he leg be ... they do not know if he will ever walk properly again . in the silence and dread that follow , no one notice the great big beam smile of sheer god-given good fortune that break out on Neil 's face . CUT to : int . restaurant - day phil have a grin on he face . phil really ? across the table from he be he Secretary . secretary really . under the table she 's slip off a shoe and be run she stockinge foot up he thigh . phil promise ? secretary promise . in the b.g. the hider sit at another table alone . phil I would like that . secretary would you ? phil uh huh . the hider take a book of match from the ashtray on he table and play with it . secretary really ? phil really . CUT to : int . the house - upstair hallway - evening phil come upstairs look for something . Neil walk by wear he bearded - man mask and go downstairs . phil honey ! be the paper deliver today ? int . master bedroom Julie be for they trip . julie I think so ! do not you take it in ? int . hider' secret room the hider be not here . but more stuff be . a cork bulletin board have be put up . on the bulletin board be all sort of picture , clipping , bit and piece . thing that interest the hider . there 's a calendar with " vacation ! " mark prominently . and underneath on he mattress lie the newspaper . fold to the movie-listings page . int . walk - in closet - master bedroom Julie take one of phil 's jacket and something fall out of the pocket . she bend to pick up whatever it be . int . live room Neil , wear he bearded - man mask , join he sister on the couch to watch tv . she pay no attention to he . int . master bedroom phil be try to look stunne . phil the old incriminate matchbook ! be you kid I ?! the oldest cliche in the world ! Julie be look mad . julie no , I be not kid you , Philip . phil what next ?! -- a strange bra under my pillow ! int . movie theatre - evening the hider munch popcorn slowly as he watch a romantic scene . he 's quite sweep up by it . int . the house - master bedroom - evening phil toss the incriminate matchbook onto the bed . julie I remember what day you wear that jacket . it be Monday . the day you be all day in meeting again ? and have to send out for sandwich ? phil honey , you know what I have be like lately ... I have be a total zombie . I have no idea what that be do in my pocket . julie well , what about this ? ( take something else out ) do you usually put you carbon in you pocket , too ?! her wild card . she fling they in he face and storm into the adjoin bathroom . phil stare at the tear -in-half carbon . he can not believe it . do not he leave they in the restaurant ? be he get absent-mind ? int . bathroom Julie pack more thing as phil come in . phil sweetheart , this be a very risky time for I right now . maybe you do not appreciate that . julie I do not care , Philip . you want to go chase Barbara Zelman , go ahead . just watch out for that buck tooth . phil Barbara Zelman ? I do not believe this ! julie do you usually pay for Charlie ? at " trattoria valentino " ? phil honey , I can not track of all the meal Charlie and I have be have . this be a delicate time . if it leak out that I be jump ship before I be set up someplace else I could be out on my ear before I be ready with nothing . with nothing . julie ( go back to the bedroom ) there be people who do thing because they want to get catch . int . master bedroom phil come out of the bathroom . phil who tell you that -- someone on the radio ? julie fuck you , Philip . CUT to : ext . a lively STREET - night the hider stroll along , drink a soft drink through a straw . he pass a flower stand and pause to look at the arrangement . he turn a reel of seed packet , and pull one of the packet out to look at . just then he hear a noise and turn to witness -- a minor accident a car cut off a bicyclist . the bicyclist fall off he bike -- scraping he knee quite severely . other onlooker go to he aid . we see where he trouser leg be tear and the bloody kneecap . the hider think it 's funny . the hider laugh . CUT to : int . the house - kitchen - night Julie be cry softly in the aftermath of the argument , pour herself a cup of tea . phil be consol she . julie I think we would be happy here . phil ( hold she ) honey , I be sorry , I think the vacation will be a good break for both of we . you will see . she nod , take she tea , and they go out . phil shut the light as they leave -- and we see the hider 's face at the window . CUT to : int . the house - day vacation time . phil try round everyone up . phil the cab 's wait ! julie where should I hide the car key ? phil I do not know -- put them in the drawer with all the chinese take - away menus . julie ( go to do so ) do you lock the garage door ? Neil think he 's take along a gigantic plastic rambo machine gun . phil discourage he by grab it out of he hand and put it somewhere . ext . the house - day phil make sure the front door be double - lock , then join the other in the cab . the cab door slam . the cab drive away . phil ( o.s. ) do you set the timer switch for the light ? the house stand alone . CUT to : int . the house - live room - evening room in shadow . then click -- a lamp come on . illuminate the hider sit on the couch . here in the silent house . int . kitchen - morning whistle , the hider stroll in , open a cabinet , take out a box of raisin bran , then find a bowl for himself . int . live room - day the hider watch a sport event on television , keep the SOUND low . int . neil be room - day the hider play with Neil 's train set . ext . roof - day the hider peer through the skylight . we hear the SOUND of a vacuum cleaner . int . entrance hall a Cleaning woman go through the house . int . dine room - day mail have be neatly put on the table . out in the entrance hall , we see the Cleaning woman leave , lock the front door after she . the hider step into view from the kitchen . he sit at the table to go through the mail . he open a letter that 's address to " occupant . " ext . garden - day he plant some flower seed use a gardening trowel . int . bathroom - evening the hider have a bath . he smell a bar of soap , int . master bedroom - night the hider get into the bed . he stroke she pillow . he smell it . he put he head gently on it . he 's happy . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day the hider look quite content today . therapist and how be thing with you lady friend , if I may call she that ? hider oh , fine . she 's go away for a little while and when she come back I have sort of resolve to really tell she how much I care for she . therapist that 's terrific . do not be afraid to be demonstrative . you be sounding a lot more confident than when we last speak . hider I be . I be really feel pretty good . I have a much stronger sense of how far I have come . therapist as long as you keep remember why . hider well , we talk about the whole disapproval thing . therapist ( nodd ) the whole disapproval thing . if you allow yourself to get into a situation where someone else 's potential disapproval become the focal point of you life -- then you be back to a life of fear , be not you ? -- you be a prisoner to that again , and that be not much of a life . hider I understand that . therapist and please , do not for God 's sake misinterpret that as be the voice of discouragement in any way -- hider no , no , no , no . therapist on the contrary -- this be tremendous . I mean , we be all frighten to death of disapproval and we be constantly hide behind this layer we manufacture for ourselves -- and I be not say we should , you know , declare ourselves unhesitatingly to we fellow human being in the interest of total openness and honesty -- hider that would be stupid . therapist that would be monumentally stupid . all I be say be -- hider -- a sense of proportion . therapist ( nod emphatically ) a sense of proportion . CUT to : int . the house - by the patio door - night a scratching at the glass . then a tap . and a clink . and a click . and the curtain stir -- and a burglar slip in . he crouch by the floor a moment , listen and get accustom to the dark . int . dine room - night the burglar open the drawer of some cabinet in here . look for loot . it 's after midnight and the light be out . int . live room - night the burglar come in . he go over to the tv and crouch down to look at the vcr in the trolley underneath . he run he hand over its smooth surface , then suddenly lean forward to unscrew cable at the back . this abrupt movement probably extend he life by a few minute -- because when a hammer come down on he head , the blow be only a glance one . the burglar groan and turn -- the hider be throw off - balance by he miss -- and the burglar have enough time to put a arm up for protection -- the second blow shatter he elbow . he cry out in pain , but he 's a strong man himself . he 's a match for the hider ! he manage to grab the hider 's ankle at the same time and pull he completely off - balance -- the hider throw he arm out to stop himself fall , knock to the floor the vase he buy for Julie -- landing on the floor himself as it smashes alongside he -- and with a great gasp the burglar push the big television off the trolley onto the hider . the hider have the wind knock out of he as the big tv land heavily onto he chest , nearly squashing he like a bug . the burglar be already run away , clutching he break elbow -- but the hider 's powerful arm shoot out to catch he leg , pull the burglar back , while with a almost superhuman effort the hider heave the tv off he chest . the burglar struggle with all he might . the two man wrestle on the live room floor . the burglar try to gouge out the hider 's eye . craning he face out of the reach of the burglar 's flail , frenzied finger , the hider try to get a firm grasp on he . he grab wildly at the burglar 's hair , finally get a good hold . he smashes the burglar 's head onto the glass - top coffee table . bang , bang , bang -- the glass crack -- bang , bang , bang , the burglar 's face into the glass until the glass break completely . the burglar will not give up . he 's beyond pain . he 's only try to survive . his hand be at the hider 's throat , squeezing . they throttle each ether . the burglar be on he back , he leg kick at the hider . his shoe catch the hider a kick to the ear . they both cough and gasp as a release be force , both struggle for a better position , the burglar try to slide out from under again , the hider keep he down -- and now the hider be able to seize the burglar 's arm again and jam the finger in a door jamb and pull the door back . we do not hear the burglar scream because the hider 's other hand be in he mouth , but the burglar bite down so hard on it the hider be the one who let out a roar of animal agony and the burglar 's good hand punch at he face , the burglar somehow on he foot again , try to make it to the dining room . the hider catch hold of the burglar 's shirt , tear it . but pull the burglar back to the floor -- and the hider 's foot slip in some blood and he land hard on he back , hit he head , the burglar 's tear shirt in he hand . the burglar be crawl on all four to get away , but he knee slip in the blood , too , and the hider 's leg grapple he like a pair of python , pull he back , and the two of they struggle on the slippery floor , out of breath , near exhaustion . there 's a tall plant in the hall . the hider stuff the burglar 's face in the pot , suffocating he in the soggy earth . the burglar 's body twist and turn and kick as he 's smother in the damp dirt , the tall plant shaking above the two of they , casting horrible shadow around the entrance hall in the moonlight cast from the skylight . the hider can barely hold the burglar 's head in place , every muscle tensing as the burglar 's body shudder in rebellion -- and then the tremendous surge as the burglar 's body break free ! -- tall plant tipping as the burglar push back against the hider with unbelievable strength -- tall plant fall -- the burglar knock the hider back flat on the floor , the burglar on top , but the hider still hugging he in a death grip , then get a full - nelson hold on the burglar 's shoulder and neck , the two of they struggle to a stand position again , the hider again smack the burglar 's head again and again and again , into the front door this time , the burglar sink back to the floor , still resisting , still breathe , he good hand still madly feel for a grip on the hider , but this time the hider 's hold be too strong and when he 's get the burglar on the floor again , he 's able to get a knee into the small of the burglar 's back and with the knee as leverage and the full nelson on the burglar 's neck , the hider pull back with every last ounce of strength , pull , pull , moan with the sheer effort of it until -- the burglar 's neck break . the hider roll off , gasp for breath . he pull himself to a sit position against the front door . he sit here in the entrance hall under the moonlit skylight with the shadow and the dead burglar and the blood and the earth all over the floor and he breathes air into he lung as if he will never get enough . CUT to : int . garage of the house - night the hider enter , carry over he shoulder a giant-size black hefty trash bag with the body of the burglar in it . from he pocket he take -- the key to phil 's car . he lay the body bag on the floor in the back and get in the front . he adjust the driver 's seat to suit he . CUT to : ext . dingy downtown STREET - night the hider , drive phil 's car , turn into a filthy alley . halfway along it he park , get out , pull the body bag out , dump it callously on the ground , and drive away . CUT to : int . designer store - day the hider busy a green vase identical to the one that smashed in he burglar fight . store man ( wrapping vase ) I know you would be back for another one of this . CUT to : ext . grass lawn - day the hider walk along a path with a man name bert . hider you test each one thoroughly ? bert you better believe it , buddy . you average roll royce do not have to pass as many test . you want consistency ? you want dependability ? you want safety ? hider Safety ? bert listen , you can kick them , hit them , pour water all over them -- nothing . I be tell you , under ordinary condition they be quiet , they be nice to have around , they be completely harmless -- but when you blow this whistle ... ( hold up a whistle ) ... then look out . a vicious , savage killer dog lunging directly at the camera ! snarl fiercely . this be the " product " under discussion -- attack a man who 's wear considerable protective , padded clothing . it 's a simulate " mugging " demonstration . the man in the clothing and face mask be play the part of the mugger , while a woman Dog trainer be the victim -- with a whistle in she mouth . bert look at that . you can not buy better protection than that . that there be you man 's best friend . hider how be they with kid ? bert they be great with kid . they love them . they eat them up . ( give the hider a friendly slap ) I be kid . hider ( look at whistle ) so this really do the trick , eh ? bert friend , that animal will go after whoever 's approach the sound of that whistle . and God help whoever it be . because that dog will not let up until there 's dead meat on the ground . put you faith in that , pal . the padded man be indeed on the ground , the killer Dog attack he viciously . CUT to : int . the house - evening the family come back in . the kid immediately drop they bag and rush upstairs . phil kid , do not leave you bag in the hall -- take they upstairs . he and Julie have a look round . everything look fine . phil ( continue ) do the clean woman come ? julie ( in the live room ) yeah -- she do a good job . this glass look brand - new . ( and the green vase be back in place on the mantelpiece . ) phil the floor have a nice shine to it . ( go into kitchen ) oh God -- we have twenty - two message on the machine . julie ( come from live room ) do she water this plant ? it look a little bent out of shape . the kid come rush in excitedly from the back . neil and holly Mom ! dad ! Mom ! dad ! come look , come and look , come and look ! Julie and phil be drag outside . ext . backyard the kid pull Julie and phil out the back door . phil all right , all right -- what ? holly look ! they look . the savage killer Dog be sit here -- look like the friendliest , cuddliest lose thing you ever see , tongue hang out , the sweetest Disney image of doghood imaginable . holly ( continue ) he be lie asleep at the back of the yard like it be home ! neil -- and there 's no collar or tag on he or nothin ' ! holly can we keep he , Mom , oh , can we ? can we keep he ? Julie and phil laugh . they crouch down with the kid to pet the killer Dog , too . the killer Dog be happy . phil hiya , sport . where would you come from , huh ? neil can we keep he ? the killer Dog lick phil 's face . CUT to : int . the house - evening the kid be watch MTV in the live room . the killer Dog stroll out , wear a collar . in the dining room phil be pace nervously as he talk on the kitchen phone , stretch in here on the super - long flex cord . phil sensational . Wednesday be fine , no problemo . one o'clock at the somerset Grill -- yes , I know it well . okay then -- look forward to it . ciao. ( again a double click ) hello ? hello ? he go into the kitchen to hang up , punch the air triumphantly . int . kitchen Julie be prepare dinner . the killer Dog walk to the dog bowl to munch he chow . phil he want to see I ! julie Philip ! the senior partner ? phil his secretary just confirm . julie oh baby . she hug he , give he a kiss . int . hider' secret room he press the redial button on he phone extension . hider oh , hi , this be phil dreyer again . stupidly , I just look at my calendar and I be go to have to cancel Wednesday . please apologize to he for I and I will call back to reschedule -- be that all right ? no problemo ? sensational . thanks -- I be really sorry . ciao . int . kitchen Julie and phil hugging and kissing . the music come from the live room . Julie start dance slowly with phil -- but he want to break it up now . phil what -- what be you do ? julie I think you should feel like dance at a time like this . phil ( try to break away ) c'mon . Julie let he go , piss off now . julie you can never bring yourself to do anything spontaneous or romantic , can you ? now phil be piss off that she 's piss off . phil I buy the house , dear heart -- we take the vacation . I deliver you dream from time to time . he start walk out . julie a dance be for free . he 's go . with a sigh she turn back to she cooking . CUT to ; int . hider' secret room - day he wake up suddenly from sleep . he hear something . he smell something . he sniff . he crawl over to look through the vent in the false wall . int . the attic Neil and he friend be here . the attic be full of all kind of junk . Neil and he friend be play with match -- melting a naked " g.i. Joe . " neil friend # 1 oooh , look at he burn . int . hider' secret room the hider be appal by this sadistic game . suddenly , he almost hit the ceiling -- as he phone ring ! he instantly disconnect it , and wait with horror to see if it 's give he away . int . the attic the phone be still ringing in the rest of the house . neil friend # 2 you guy have a loud phone . int . dine room Julie answer it . julie hello ? hi , rita . int . hider' secret room he finish write a note to himself and post it on he bulletin board : " always remember to unplug the phone !!! " then he turn over the phone to turn the " ring " dial to low . int . dine room Julie on the phone with she friend . julie uh huh ... uh huh ... you do not even have dinner with he first ? int . hider' secret room keeping one eye on the antic of the kid in the attic , the hider reconnect he phone so he can listen in on Julie 's conversation , hold a cloth over the mouthpiece . int . dine room Julie hear phil coming home . car door slamming . julie uh huh ... uh huh ... well , rita , if he 's that big a slob , why be you even bother ? phil come in , head down , go straight upstairs . julie ( continue ) rita , I be go to have to call you back . int . the attic suddenly Neil or one of he idiot friend drop a match and accidentally set on fire a roll of carpet lie against the hider 's wall . the roll of carpet be wrap in brown paper . neil shit ! neil friend # 1 put it out , man ! the boy frantically try to put out the fire . int . hider' secret room oh Christ , oh God , oh Jesus , oh Christ , oh God -- the hider put the phone down and pull the ventilator lever shut and back off as far as he terribly limited space allow . int . master bedroom phil be lie on the bed as Julie come in . julie honey ? how do it go ? you do not call I . phil he be not there . julie what ? she come to sit on the bed . she try put a hand on he , but it 's like put a hand on a corpse . phil I get to the restaurant and he 's not there . I wait for forty - five minute . when I call he office , he secretary say they think I have cancel . I have cancel ! then I get back to my office and aranson be wait for I and he know everything . julie oh , honey . phil everything -- that I have be talk to other people behind he back -- that 's what he call I -- a back -stabber and a deceiver . to he and to the company . he call I a traitor in front of everybody and tell I if I want to be a vp over at lowenthal I might as well pack up and go -- only lowenthal never show up for we lunch ! it 's like everybody get a anonymous poison - pen letter or some -- ( sit up ) do you smell smoke ? int . the attic phil come run up as Neil be rush down . neil dad ! dad ! the carpet be blaze ! noxious smoke pour off it ! int . hider' secret room he can not stop the smoke come through he vent . his little cell be quickly flooding with smoke . choke , gasp , he throw himself down on he mattress , stick he face to the second vent in the street wall , suck the real air from out there . int . the attic phil slap at the fire with another rug . phil Neil , go get some water ! now ! ext . the house that small vent up by the attic -- smoke come from it . up close , a man 's hideously distort and desperate face press against it . int . hider' secret room he lie there gasp for air , more smoke fill he small space . int . the attic Neil and Julie rush back up with bucket of water . after a lot more scream and yell and exertion , the flame be put out . CUT to : int . entrance hall downstair - day phil shout at Neil and he friend . phil what the fuck do you guy think you be do ?! they all have they head down . phil open the front door to get rid of Neil 's friend . phil ( continue ) you two get out of here , go on . you parent be go to be hearing from I . he slam the door . Neil glance embarrassedly at he little sister , who 's cry fearfully in the next room . neil a man start the fire . phil ( hit Neil ) Neil , goddamn it , you be not five year old ! julie Neil , you could have burn the house down ! neil I do not know how it start ! phil you know a second ago . who start it ? neil -- a man . wham ! he get hit again . hard . he hold he arm and look about to cry . phil a man start it ? oh really ? you wanna show I , Neil ? right , okay , here we go , Neil 's gonna show I the man . he grab Neil 's arm roughly and start pull he toward the stair . int . the attic the hider emerge with a cloud of smoke from under he secret panel in the floor . he lie here , gasp desperately for air . int . MAIN stairway phil drag Neil up . phil we be go to go see the man . here we go , Neil 's gonna show he dad the man . come on , let 's go see the man . int . the attic the hider have practically pass out from he ordeal . but then he hear they come back up . attic stairway phil drag Neil up , push he forward into the attic . the hider stand stiff in the shadow behind some old bookcase . he do not have time to go back under he false wall . he 's here in the attic with they ! phil spin Neil around the center of the floor a few time . phil do you see a man ? neil no . phil no man ! ( wham ! ) go to you room . he push Neil back downstairs and turn with a sigh to look at the char mess up here . he go closer to the burnt carpet and bend over it . the hider alone with the person he hate most in life . his fist start to clench . phil gingerly touch bit of the carpet , make sure the fire be completely out . suddenly , he jump -- the attic door have swing shut . he turn toward it -- and a shadow move somewhere behind he . he open the door again -- and there 's a little creak . he bend over again , put something at the bottom of the door to keep it open . then he think he hear something -- turn around again -- but julie distract he , calling from downstairs : julie ( o.s. ) honey -- I can not find that large - size hefty trash bag ! phil ( go downstairs ) there might be some extras in the garage . int . the attic - later Neil be push back in , follow by he parent . neil I think I be suppose to stay in my room . phil ( push he ) get on the other side of that . Holly come up to watch , too . int . hider' secret room hider have make it back in here . as the last vestige of smoke clear , he lie back on he mattress , breathe slowly . int . the attic they be clean up the mess , try to put trash bag over the burnt carpet roll . julie Neil , lift up you end . int . hider' secret room here on the other side of the false wall . lying on he mattress . CUT to : ext . the pool - evening phil be sit in a deck chair , look shell - shocked . Julie be still try to comfort he . julie honey , it 's not the end of the world . you will call lowenthal tomorrow and find out it be just a mix -up . and if he 's not interested anymore , then you will find another company to go to maybe even you own . you be free now , you be independent . phil I be fire . I be unemployed . be that you idea of negotiate from a position of strength ? clearly any potential employer have be warn to back off ! julie that 's not the case . phil ( head down again ) someone blow the whistle . someone hate I . CUT to : ext . the roof - dawn the hider look at the sky , daylight about to break . he go aver the top . ext . back of the house near the bottom , he slip and fall the rest of the way , hurt himself as he scrape he hand and leg . he pick himself up off the ground , brush himself off , stumbling slightly again . look around , worried in case he fall be hear , he sneak away around the corner of the house ... ... leave behind the dog whistle that 's fall out of he pocket , that he accidentally step on and kick to one side . dent slightly , but shine temptingly in the grass . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day the hider look intense . hider thing be beginning to come to a head . I can feel it . and I want everything to be perfect . therapist who do not ? hider I have cultivate she interest so that now we have even more in common than ever . therapist well , now , do not go create some artificial environment for yourself . hider oh no -- I mean , she 's genuinely make I more fulfil in many way -- and I hope eventually to be able to teach she a few thing , too . what I mean be , I guess I be still wait for just that right -- synthesis between we -- where everything will be understand between we without even the need for word . therapist it 's not go to happen unless you make it happen , my friend . you be go to have to assert yourself a little bit more . show you affection . hider yeah , maybe you be right . everything else be just a excuse . I be treat the situation with kid glove because I be afraid of lose she . therapist ask she how she feel . hider I should . therapist you have to put yourself out there a bit more . hider right . therapist because life be not about play it safe . life be about take risk . CUT to : int . the house - master bedroom - night phil be pack a suitcase . Julie have she arm fold and be look grim . julie Boy , you really buckle under a little pressure , do not you ? phil this be for the best , you know it be . ( slam a drawer ) why do my sock keep disappear ! julie ( mimick he ) " honey , I be a zombie , I do not know whether I be come or go . " CUT to : ext . driveway - night phil come out of the house , follow by Julie . he stuff he suitcase in he car . julie you be even sadder and more burnt - out than I think . phil I be so sick to death of hearing you opinion of my state of mind , what you think be for my own good . without I you would still be twirling a baton at U.C. Santa Barbara . you be the final straw on this back , baby ! as he get into he car he have a little fit , readjust the seat . phil ( continue ) why the hell be this seat never right ! int . the house - MAIN stairway Pov of someone come down the stair slowly , toward the front door that stand half open , the SOUND of phil 's car door slamming out there . it 's Neil . look unhappy as child do at such moment . he glance into the live room where Holly , too young to understand , be watch tv with the killer Dog . Neil look forward again as he hear he dad' car drive away -- and he mother come back inside . she put a arm around he . CUT to : int . dine room - morning Julie have breakfast with she child . julie you daddy and I be kind of mad at each other right now , so we have to spend some time apart . holly why be you mad at each other ? julie you know how sometimes Neil bug you and you just get up and walk away from he ? holly uh huh . julie well , that 's what happen with grownup , too . holly do daddy tease you ? julie yes , he do , and I do not like it any more than you do . neil where would he go ? julie ( sigh ) he 's stay with a friend . ( stand ) hurry up now , you will be late for school . ext . driveway - morning the kid get in the back of Julie 's car . she help Holly with she seatbelt , then shut the door and go to the front . as she 's about to get in , a clanking noise make she jump . she turn -- see the garbage can of the nasty neighbor 's house -- and then the nasty neighbor himself , stand up from behind one of they . he look at she . she instantly look away , get into she oar . int . entrance hall - morning as we hear Julie 's car drive away outside ... the hider appear at the top of the stair . he stroll down as if he own the place . the killer come wander in . the hider crouch down to pet he . the hider look around he house , and start to laugh . int . master bedroom - morning the hider come in . his euphoria be building . he open a drawer -- to check that phil have clear he stuff out and really go . int . bathroom - morning the hider open the medicine cabinet to see that there 's no shave gear . he note a empty towel rack -- and see that there 's only one toothbrush now . int . julie' car - morning driving away from the house -- when suddenly Holly burst out cry . holly daddy 's go where Rudolf go and be not come back ! julie Holly -- that 's not so . Holly have a plastic container of orange juice with a spill - proof lid . in she hysteria she fling it , the lid come off , juice splash all over Julie . julie ( continue ) oh , Holly ! int . master bedroom - morning the hider fall onto the bed , laugh , roll over , pull the comforter around he like a shroud . it 's all he now , he 's the man . he sit up with a start when he hear someone coming up the stair . int . MAIN stairway Julie run up and go into she bedroom . int . master bedroom she hurry in and immediately start to take off she orange- juice-stained dress . int . walk -in closet the hider be hide in here . peek out at she . watch she undress . int . master bedroom Julie go into the adjoin bathroom , wash out the orange juice . she come out of the bathroom and go to the closet . she take out another dress and start to put it on . int . downstair - morning Julie come back down to where she kid be wait . Holly be not cry anymore , but look sulky . julie all right , now come on , everything 's go to be just fine . CUT to : ext . school playground - day Neil be sit at a outdoor table , read a comic book , when he hear a ominous SOUND -- a kind of limping shuffle come toward he . he dare not turn around , but he do not have to , because the bully , walk with the help at a crutch , appear and sit down next to Neil . bully ( very matter of fact ) my friend have be expell . ( poke Neil ) you be gonna be my friend now . the bully get up awkwardly and we hear he limping shuffle move away . Neil just sit here and wonder why God despise he . CUT to : ext . the house - backyard - day Julie be water plant . move deeper into the garden , reach to spray water at out - of- the- way bush , she come upon a little hide patch of flowerbed that she certainly never notice before -- because now it boast a lovely group of rose that have only recently bloom . int . the house - laundry room - day the wash machine be go . Julie be fold clothes that be already do . abruptly the wash machine stop with a grinding clank . Julie look at it . she try push its button and make sure that the door be properly close , but it seem to be break . int . dine room - day Julie look sad . she do not know what to do with herself . she pet the killer Dog . she hear a commotion outside and go to look out the window . julie' Pov she see the nasty neighbor and he wife shouting at each other -- and the nasty neighbor 's wife get into a car with another man and drive off . the nasty neighbor just make some crude gesture at the depart car and go back into he house . back to scene julie ( to killer Dog ) must be something in the air . int . live room - day Julie , alone , on the phone . julie no , rita . no . no , I do not want to meet he . no , rita . yes , I be fine . no , I do not want to meet he , either . absolutely not , rita , int . kitchen - afternoon Julie open the refrigerator , but the light do not come on . she check the plug . the refrigerator be break now , too . she can not stand it . she slam the door , have a fit , start to cry , int , upstair hallway - afternoon Julie put away some box of kleenex in a linen closet . the front doorbell ring . Julie turn to go downstairs . MAIN stairway Julie come down the stair to the front door . the killer Dog join she . she open the door . stand outside be -- the hider !! see the handyman 's clothes he 's wear . see the handyman 's business card he 's hold out . see the pleasant smile on he face . hider hello , my name be Thomas syke , I be a handyman . if there 's any work you need do , please give I a call , julie she look at he card . julie oh , well , do you fix refrigerator ? hider sure . julie well , can I make a appointment ? hider ( look at he watch ) maybe I could take a look at it now . CUT to : int . kitchen - day blink ! the refrigerator light pop on and the whole thing start humming again . julie oh , great . hider yeah , that be easy . julie do you do wash machine , too ? hider just show I the way . she take he into the -- laundry room the hider , with he toolbox , start investigate the break washer . Julie watch he . julie everything break at once . hider be not that always the way ? julie so , you be just kind of a rove -- hider -- General handyman , yeah . I do carpentry , too , painting , almost any odd job around the house . I do housesit while the owner be away . in fact , that 's why I have be in the area . I have be live very close by . ( he stand up ) here 's the part that 's give you trouble , but I will not be able to get a replacement till the store open tomorrow morning . julie oh , that 's fine . the hider put the part in he toolbox . hider I will call you when I have the part . CUT to : ext . back patio - night Holly be play with the killer dog. Julie be recline in a deck chair , talk to rita on the phone . julie well , of course I be upset , rita . no , I do not want to go out . Neil climb out of the swim pool , notice something glisten in the grass not far away . he go toward it . Holly giggle as she twist the killer Dog 's face into various grotesque expression . holly look , mommy , look at Edgar . Neil pick up -- the whistle . Holly pull the killer Dog 's gum apart . holly ( do dog voice ) " hi. I be Mr. Edgar ! " ( turn to Julie ) look , mommy , it do not even hurt he . julie ( on phone ) well , what do you want I to do , rita -- I can not just forget fifteen year of marriage . well , of course I know you can . no , rita , I -- what be that ? -- oh , I think I hear something on the line . Neil start clean the whistle on he towel . neil look what I find . he put it to he mouth . Holly be spread the killer Dog 's jaw playfully . Neil 's cheek start to puff out as he blow . Holly giggle . Neil blow the whistle with all he might -- but nothing come out but phfft . the dent in it have ruin it . Neil throw the whistle back down on the ground and go to play with the dog , too . CUT to : ext . back of the house - later that night the hider return home . he notice the whistle on the ground . he pick it up and look at it , alarmed at himself for be so careless . he put it back in he pocket . CUT to : int . the house - live room - day Julie be show the hider a section of the floor that seem to be damage . hider well , I will tell you -- the only way of make sure this do not spread be to double - coat it with sealant before put the varnish on top . CUT to : int . kitchen - day humming to himself , the hider wash some rag in the sink . he rinse they and walk breezily out of the kitchen , bump smack into -- the bully ! who 's come in with Neil . the bully almost lose he balance but the hider catch he . hider Excuse I . the hider walk past -- he face suddenly cover with a film of sweat . Jesus , that kid be the one person who 's see he before . the bully continue into the kitchen with Neil . bully be that you dad ? neil Nah , that 's some guy fix the live room floor . something nag at the bully . he look over he shoulder . ext . front driveway Julie be pruning some hedge . she 's startle by the appearance of the nasty neighbor , carry some flower to present to she . nasty neighbor hello there . julie oh -- hi. nasty neighbor ( hand she flower ) I have be clean up my yard , too -- I notice you do some gardening . think you might like this . ( the flower be not very nice . ) julie oh -- well -- thank you , Mr. Stone . int . live room the hider work on the floor . int . entrance hall Julie come in , follow by the nasty neighbor . nasty neighbor yeah , I have be meaning to drop by -- just in case you need anything . int . live room the hider look over he shoulder at the nasty neighbor . the hider seethes with territorial jealousy . int . dine room Julie reach for a tall glass container on a high shelf . nasty neighbor here , lemme get that . damn it , think the hider in the b.g. , he 's act like a man . nasty neighbor ( continue ) because , you know , I could not help notice that we have a lot in common . he 's lean in the kitchen doorway while she fill the container with water . nasty neighbor ( continue ) yeah , y'know , both of we with recent spousal disappearance . julie ( how can she get rid of this guy ? ) ah. int . live room the hider turn away and hunch over the floor as he see Neil and the bully come back out of the kitchen , walk this way . a chill run through the hider . bully so where be all you toy ? neil let 's watch some tv . bully where be this toy of yours ? neil a lot of my stuff have not be unpack yet . here 's the tv . bully what toy do you have ? the hider have to turn away even more . the bully keep look over at he . neil ( turn on tv ) hey , look -- the new pretender video . the bully glance over at the hider . something preying on the bully 's mind . he try to get a better look . the hider try to hunch out of the way even more , sweat break out again on he forehead . he feel the eye of the bully on he back . now it 's he turn to be scared -- of this kid . also , he 's anxious to keep track of what he rival from next door be do with Julie . it 's a horrible situation from any angle . int . entrance hall Julie try to show the nasty neighbor to the door . julie well , thanks again . but the nasty neighbor step into the live room . nasty neighbor say , this be a nice de . without look , he back into the hider 's work area by the doorway , accidentally kick the hider . nasty neighbor ( continue ) whoops . Excuse I , pal . the hider might as well be invisible . he do not notice the hider 's look of hatred . nasty neighbor ( continue ; come out to entrance hall again ) okay then , you have my number , gimme I a call sometime . julie yeah , right . she close the door on he , sigh , and go off into the kitchen . int . live room the bully , with he crutch , be struggle closer to the hider . bully I do not wanna watch tv . he 's try to see the hider 's face . neil hey , look what 's on cable , Bernard ! the bully turn to see a woman undress on tv . this interest he . the hider , drench in sweat , seize the moment and stand up to walk out . int . entrance hall the hider come out of the live room breathe a sigh of relief . he keep he back turn as Neil and the bully now come out . bully show I you room now . they go upstairs . but now the hider be scared by the front door suddenly open ! phil have come back . phil oh , uh -- hi ... I -- the hider just gesture phil in and escape through the dining room to the kitchen -- pass Julie , who 's come out again . she 's expect to see the nasty neighbor again , do not know whether she 's relieved to see she husband instead . phil who be that ? julie I be have the floor fix , phil and what be that neighbor guy do here ? julie Philip , what be you do here ? phil look , I think we should work thing out . int . kitchen hider have he back against a wall , breathe hard . he can hear they . int . entrance hall Julie fold she arm as she listen . phil I be have a bad day -- I lose that job , I be dependent on other people , I be let down -- julie there 's always a excuse , be not there ? phil I think it 's time I come home now . julie that 's not a decision for you to make on you own . int . kitchen yes ! overhear that brighten the hider 's spirit . he hug the killer Dog . everything 's go to be okay , after all . int . entrance hall phil pretend to be shocked . phil what ? julie no , Philip , I do not want you come back here . and if you want to talk to I -- call . phil ( storm out angrily ) this be my house . int . kitchen as he hear the door slam , the hider lean back against the wall with a happy sigh . CUT to : int . live room - day Julie watch the hider work . julie I apologize for that scene with my husband . you must have overhear . hider a occupational hazard , I be afraid . julie I bet . go into people 's home . hider it 's a live . Julie tilt she head slightly , study he . there 's certainly something compelling about this quiet man . he 's lean forward , muscle rippling in he strong arm . julie do you have a family ? hider uh , no -- I have never really find the time to settle down . julie you must value you independence . hider yeah , I have always be able to make my way in the world . I do not like have to rely on other people . julie it 's nice that you can make that choice . hider I be alone a lot as a child . no one to compete with . my parent ensure that I find happiness in the smallest thing . when you be all alone it 's you own world , you do not have to take order from anybody . you do not necessarily believe the storey people tell you . julie ( laugh ) not I , I fall for it right down the line . be a good girl and believe all the fairy tale . ( faraway look out the window ) he marry I because I be pretty . hider because you be pretty ? she look back at he . smile at the compliment . he look back at she again and could almost die from the pleasure of she smile . CUT to : int . therapist's office - day the therapist look happy for the hider . therapist well , this be good sign -- she 's break up with he and the two of you seem to be develop quite a rapport . hider I know . I just feel that the relationship have reach that delicate stage where the slight little thing could wreck the careful groundwork I have laid up till now . therapist I can not help you if you do not help yourself . it 's really up to you . brood endlessly be not go to help matter any . hider there 's so much I want to say to she , it 's all jumble up in my mind , and I do not want she to misunderstand -- therapist well , you will just have to make she understand . CUT to : ext . the house - night light off . Street quiet . int . master bedroom - night Julie be asleep . alone in she bed . in the dark room . ext . back of the house - night the hider approach he special part of the wall . in the shadow , he face be intense . this be it . he know what he have to do . he start climb the wall . he 's halfway up it -- when a flashlight beam hit he face !! voice come down here . the hider climb back down , shield he eye against the flashlight . the voice laugh , the beam lowering . it 's the nasty neighbor . nasty neighbor well now , what do we have here ? ( chuckle nastily , glance up wall ) you get a pretty good deal goin ' here , buddy . the hider be look more desperate by the second . nasty neighbor ( continue ) I believe I have see you hang around here before , have not I ? correct I if I be wrong . ( suddenly he eye bulge ) ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! and the hider 's face be wild with madness -- as he jam something against the nasty neighbor 's stomach -- again and again and again -- stab after stab -- the strength of the hider 's arm lift the nasty neighbor up off he foot -- as the hider eviscerate he with -- a steel gardening trowel , the sharp point rip the nasty neighbor 's gut open , tear upwards ; the nasty neighbor 's mouth gape with the shock of it . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night the hider stand over Julie 's bed . watch she sleep . his eye be completely crazy now , completely obsessed . his clothes be splatter with blood . he 's snap and they time together have come . and yet , for a moment , something still hold he back . she 's so beautiful . tear come once more to the hider 's eye . we see that he 's building to a kind of crescendo of emotion . it 's now or never . he begin to breathe quick , he begin to move , to reach for she -- but suddenly the bedroom door be push all the way open -- the hider manage to dart behind it just in time -- as Neil come rush into he mother 's bedside . neil Mom , Mom , wake up , Mom -- Julie wake up . Neil be hold a baseball bat , julie Neil -- what -- neil Mom , there 's somebody in the house ! julie ( sit up ) honey -- neil Mom , I hear someone downstairs ! Julie quickly get out of bed , reach for the bedside phone and the emergency pad she keep there . bloody hider behind the door horrify . frozen . not dare to breathe . julie speak softly into the phone . julie hello -- can you please help I -- I think there 's a intruder in my house . yes , we hear someone move downstairs . I live on coral Avenue -- number five eleven . bloody hider behind the door ohmygod , ohmygod , ohmygod -- he try to melt even more into the wall as he hear Julie hang up and grab Neil and move out of the room . int . upstair hallway Julie and Neil go into Holly 's room -- and the hider dart out -- and into Neil 's room as he hear julie coming out again . julie ( quietly ) Edgar ! Edgar ! int . neil be room Edgar , the killer Dog , move placidly past the hider in answer to Julie 's call . the hider , desperate , be scared by he own reflection in Neil 's mirror . he bring a hand to he face , realize -- Jesus , if she see it 's I ! he look around -- and see Neil 's full - head mask of a bearded man . int . holly room Holly sit up in bed . Neil shush she , stay by she side protectively with he baseball bat . Julie usher the killer Dog into the room with they and shut the door , though not all the way so she can still watch and listen . julie ( hold killer Dog ) you stay with we , Edgar . int . upstair hallway the hider have the bearded - man mask stretch grotesquely over he head . he peek first , then dart out of Neil 's room and straight downstairs . int . holly room Julie could not see he from here , but she do hear the creak on the stair . int . downstair the hider pause at the bottom of the stair , look back up , then turn in the darkness toward the front door and -- holy shit ! -- run smack into phil ! phil be the intruder downstairs ! and he 's just as shocked to run into the hider . immediately , the hider clamp a hand over phil 's mouth -- and phil start fight for he life . int . holly room Julie and the kid hear the commotion downstairs , sound that be all the more frightening because they do not know what they be . for all they know it 's one maniac down there destroy the house . then they hear a cry in the night : voice get out of my house ! but be it the husband or the hider ? the killer Dog bark . int . live room crash ! -- the two man come tumble in here -- and in the air above they , grip by both of they in they struggle -- the shiny gardening trowel . phil 's eye be wild with fear as he battle he unknown assailant , the hideous expressionless bearded - man mask loom above he . int . holly room the savage noise from downstairs continue . Holly start cry , Neil comforting she . holly mommy ! julie ( join they in a scared huddle ) it 's okay , baby , the police be come . ext . the STREET distant siren pierce the quiet of the neighborhood . int . the house - live room the hider 's finger lose the gardening trowel . phil manage to keep hold of it , ramming it against the hider 's rib cage . the hider shriek in pain -- then slam he fist across phil 's head . the gardening trowel go skittling across the floor . the hider be out of control , on the rampage , insane with fury -- he punch off the mantelpiece the second green vase , smashing it into a million piece . int . holly room Julie and the kid jump at the scary noise from downstairs . int . live room the hider advance on phil , who 's groggily try to get up , shaking he head . ext . the STREET the police car come around the corner . int . the house - live room the hider be kick phil . the gardening trowel be on the floor near phil 's hand . the hider look up as the flashing red light of the police car start swirl around the room from the street outside , and he hear the static crackle of the police radio . phil grab the trowel and slam it into the hider 's leg , with a groan muffle by he mask , the hider stagger out of the live room . int . entrance hall limp , the hider stumble through to the dining room . phil come after he , throw open the front door and punch the appropriate button on the security box that set off the alarm bell ! int . holly room Julie shoot to she foot at the SOUND of this . int . kitchen the hider run in , head for the laundry room and the back door there . he 's the intruder try to escape now , suddenly , he 's hit on the head from behind . he fall . it 's phil try to stop he , clubbing he again with the phone . the hider wrestle it away from he , wrapping the super- long flex cord around phil 's neck , strangling he , wrapping it tighter , pull it harder , and phil be choke and the mask hider be out of he mind -- and then the SOUND of police radios -- and the hider have to run again . phil still try to hold onto he , but the hider get hold of the phone and beat phil 's head with it . then the hider escape outside , still staggering . int . entrance hall two cop come in , gun draw , look around -- hearing the noise from the kitchen , run that way . int . kitchen get rid of the cord around he neck , phil stumble onward in the darkness toward the back door -- as the cop appear behind he , point they gun . cop # 1 hold it ! phil ( turn ) I be the owner , I be the owner ! ( point outside ) he 's out there -- he 's out there ! cop # 1 keep he gun on phil as he partner go out . phil be shaking with fear and exhaustion . he manage to extract he wallet from he pocket to show the cop he id . phil ( continue ) look -- I live here -- I live here . cop # 2 ( o.s. ) Frank ! cop # 1 and phil go out . ext . back patio cop # 2 be stand over the pool . the body of the man in the bearded - man mask float in the pool . phil ( sink to he knee ) I get the son of a bitch . ( call out ) julie ! CUT to : ext . the house - night Neighborhood people have come out of they home to see what the trouble be . there be more than one police car outside the house now -- and a ambulance . ext . back of the house - night while the body in the pool be be fished in and pull out , phil and Julie talk with the police officer . one of the police officer hold up the gardening trowel . phil be be tend to paramedics . phil yes , I use that first of all -- then I just keep hit he . cop # 1 and you be upstairs the whole time , mar 'am ? julie yes -- I do not know what be go on . she look at phil . he look back at she with a little plead look of understanding in he eye . phil yeah , we be upstairs when we hear the intruder . my wife call the police and I go downstairs . the body in the pool be now laid drip on the ground . someone start to peel off the mask . julie and phil do not really want to look , but have to . julie oh god. phil yeah -- we know he . he 's be hang around the house . the body it 's the nasty neighbor , he face still look shocked as it be when the hider first kill he . CUT to : int . hider' secret room - night he splashes water on he face . he rip he sheet to bandage he hurt leg . he fling clothes around , find new one to change into . he 's act like a craze , cornere animal -- he 's act like there will be no need to come back to this room . CUT to : int . the house - holly room - night the Nice neighbor woman be comforting the kid . ext . the house - front STREET a cop be get rid of the neighborhood onlooker . cop all right , people , there 's nothing to see here . let 's go back to bed now , shall we ? int . entrance hall phil be about to go off with the paramedics and the cop . cop # 1 we can get the rest of the detail at the hospital , Mr. dreyer . julie Philip , I will be fine , really . phil ( privately to Julie ) should I come home when I be finish there ? julie ( nodd ) we will talk in the morning . ext . the house - front STREET phil go into the ambulance . it drive away , the crowd have disperse int . entrance hall the last of the police leave . voice Julie ? Julie turn around . it 's the hider . hider ( breathless ) I be drive by -- I see all the car . be you all right ? julie yeah , I be okay -- it 's be a long night . hider ( see all the mess ) what happen ? julie can I tell you tomorrow ? I think I ... she suddenly put a tremble hand to she head . the hider grip she arm reassuringly . hider look , you do not have to say another word ... you should have some tea , it will make you feel better . and I will clean up a bit . she nod -- as the Nice neighbor woman come down the stair with Neil . Neil still hold he baseball bat . he 's clearly be the little man of the house . nice woman Holly be asleep . julie oh , audrey , thank you . Neil glance in the live room where the hider be neaten up . neil hi , Mr. syke . hider hi , Neil -- you have have quite a night . neil yeah , but I be okay . julie honey , do you want some hot chocolate ? neil no , thanks , Mom -- I will go up to bed now . julie do you want I to come up and tuck you in ? neil ( brave ) that 's okay , Mom . Julie realize how protective Neil be be , give he a hug and a kiss . julie you be very brave tonight . Neil , cool , turn to go back upstairs . neil ' night , Mr. syke . hider Goodbye , Neil . Julie show the Nice neighbor woman to the door . julie audrey ... ( give she a hug ) ... you have be wonderful . good night . she leave and Julie shut the front door . CUT to : int . kitchen Julie and the hider be here . Julie put the kettle on . then she give the killer Dog some food . hider I be think about we conversation the other day -- what you say about choice . julie ( preoccupy ) uh huh . hider yeah , you know , that in life you really have to choose what you want to do . julie ( sense a big discussion ) listen , I be sorry , but it 's really late -- you do not have to come tomorrow to work on the floor . hider it be tomorrow . the kettle be start to percolate . julie yeah , right -- I really have to go to bed . hider I think we should talk first . the water be start to boil . the cap of the kettle give a little blow . the jaw of the killer Dog savagely munch he food . julie about what ? hider about we . julie Mr. syke , I think you should go home . the hider give a little smile , but do not move . julie ( continue ) I think you should leave . the hider tense . Julie see that he 's have two totally different reaction to what she think be the same statement in each case . julie ( continue ) do not you understand ? the hider move a step closer . hider ( gently ) yes , I do understand ... ( beginning to repeat himself ) ... I be think about we conversation the other day -- what you say about choice . the kettle begin a low whistle . the killer Dog 's ear perk up . he 's be activate . hider ( continue ) you decide that Philip should stay away . you make you choice . Julie , sense real danger now , glance at the kettle of boil water . the whistle continue to get higher in pitch . hider ( continue ; carry away by he own internal logic ) now thing be the way they be suppose to be . I fix thing in this house . as the whistle build the killer Dog turn . nobody be approach the kettle at the moment , so the killer Dog do not know what to do . julie I do not know what 's go on with you -- now she notice -- blood start to seep through he trouser leg . julie ( continue ) -- I do not know who you be , I do not know anything about you . she measure the distance between she and the whistling kettle . the killer Dog go into a crouch . hider I have to show my feeling . I have to take action . the kettle the whistle reach its highest pitch . julie rush toward it . the killer dog spring at Julie ! the hider throw himself in front of the killer Dog . as the dog start to tear he apart -- hider -- Julie -- julie drop the kettle , start back out of the kitchen in terror . int . dine room Julie come back out from the kitchen , the kitchen door swinging close after she . she keep back away , she hand to she mouth in horror as we hear the horrific mauling , snarling , growling from the kitchen . int . entrance hall the awful sound continue as Julie in a daze keep back further and further away . ext . the house the street be empty , the neighborhood quiet -- except for the sound we hear of the hider in the house be tear to bit . and the camera start craning up once more ... up to the top of the house , move in on that small vent up there . int . hider' secret room all he stuff still here . and he phone ... which start to ring . int . kitchen the phone ringing in here , too , and over the savage mauling sound the answer machine click on . int . entrance hall Julie back away . julie ( v.o. ) ( on machine ) hi , we can not come to the phone right now -- please leave you message after the beep . beep . int . kitchen there 's blood splash on the wall . the snarling be start to subside , chewing sound continue . phil ( v.o. ) ( on machine ) hi , hon , I be still at the hospital , but everything 's fine . int . hider' secret room we pan around the hider 's belonging , he shelf , he bulletin board ... phil ( v.o. ) ... I really do think it 's time for I to come home . ... he sign that say : " always remember to unplug the phone !!! " phil ( v.o. ) you and the kid should have a man around the house . growl . fade out . the end