highlander 3 : the final dimension by Brad mirman first draft property of davis / panzer production _______________________________________________________________________ 1 fade in : ext . countryside - day the end of Winter . snow blanket the landscape . a SMALL stream rush through the valley . a clear , blue sky hang over the distant mountain add to the beauty of the set . super impose : scottish lowland - 1665 the camera begin to pan . the color of the snow begin to change , darken from pure white to ash gray , eventually to coal black . we continue to pan until we arrive at .. ext . village - day Plague . once a charming settlement it be now ravage by disease . everywhere bonfire burn , send plume of black smoke rise into the sky -- the ash and soot drift back down , blacken the earth . villager scurry about in tatter clothing , they face soile by soot as they throw object of wood and cloth into the fire . three horsemen ride into the village . two of they we can see clearly as large , powerful man with savage face . the third man be man 's face be hide from we in the shadow of a black hooded cape . he dismount , motion for the other two to wait for he . the hood man walk though the village . the SOUND of hammering fill the air as several villager finish building a make- shift gallow . CUT to : ext . church - day built of stone it be already century old . a villager stand guard at the entrance . the hood man approach and whisper something in the villager ear , then hold up a gold piece . int . church - day Dark and musty , light only by shaft of light which flow in through the window . the hood man follow the villager across the stone floor until he reach a wooden door at the back . 2 int . stone room - day no window . the hood man enter . in the center of the room a circle have be draw . border the circle be hundred of candle , form a ring of fire . a man stand in the center , he head bow -- he weight support by thick rope around he wrist that be fastened to a wooden beam which run the length of the room . hooded man' voice vieira ... vieira look up . he be old , he hair thin and gray , but he eye be alive , defiant . the hood man move closer . vieira follow he with he eye , try to see the hood man 's face . vieira strain against he rope . the hood man do not move . vieira how come it you be not afraid ? hooded man would 'st you harm one who come to aid you ? vieira 's silence indicate he be listen . hooded man ( continue ) I have come to strike a bargain with you . I wish to learn the power of change . vieira and what would 'st I gain from this bargain ? hooded man ( nonchalantly ) you life . vieira how ? the hood man slowly pull back he hood . we see he face for the first time . it be hard , brutal , he eye cold and dark . he grin -- a wick grin . hooded man I have a magic of my own . 3 the hood man remove a knife from under he coat . he hold it before vieira , then he quickly stab it into he chest . his face fill with pain -- blood flow from the wound -- he fall to he knee . a beat . he slowly look up at vieira as he pull the knife from he chest , then stand unharme . vieira can not believe what he have see . hooded man teach I the chant and I will take you place on the gallow . ext . church - later - day a group of RELIGIOUS - looking men walk toward the church . int . stone room - day vieira have finish teach the chant . vieira after you recite the chant you must concentrate of the form you wish to take . the stonger you be the longer you can hold the illusion . in the b.g. we hear the SOUND of footstep come up the stair . vieira look at the hood man . vieira they come . quickly , take my place . the Men enter . one of they look at the hood man . RELIGIOUS man what be you do here ? the hood man stare at he -- a hard , unnerve stare -- then slowly , he thin lip from a cruel grin . hooded man just say goodbye to a old friend . vieira stare at the hood man angrily . vieira we have a bargain . you promise . hooded man I lie . the hood man walk from the room . 4 ext . church - day the hood man walk out . the two horsemen ride up . the hood man climb on he horse . he take a deep breath as he look at a range of mountain in the distance . CUT to : ext . valley - day the SOUND of sword crossing fill the air . two men , one young , the other old fight across the snow - swept ground . in. the b.g. a large , stone building be build at the base of a mountain range . the Young man fight furiously , he only weapon strength , but he be clearly inexperienced . the old man be agile , and easily move out of the way of each blow . the Young man swing wildly , he lose he balance . the Old man strike he sword away , then push he to the ground . the Young man look up as the older man raise he sword above he head . they eye lock . the Old man smile and slowly lower the sword to the Young man 's neck . old man it 's over . the Old man reach out he hand , help the Young man to he foot . the Young man be clearly angry . old man you anger blind you . you must learn to control it . when the time come you will only have but one chance . you best use it well . int . stone build - day large and barren . a fire roar in the fireplace . the Old man sit across a wooden table from the Young man as they finish eat . the Young man appear restless . he push he plate away -- stand up and walk toward the door . old man where be you off to ? young man to the village for some ale -- and if the truth be know , I need to see someone face other than yours , old man . 5 they smile . the Young man take he sword then put on he coat . he pick up a sack and leave . the Old man begin to clear away the dish . suddenly he stop -- he smile fade . he look towards the door fill with a premonition . outside we hear the SOUND of sword crossing . it last only for a moment . silence . a blind GREEN light fill the frame of the door . the ground begin to tremble -- the stone of the building shake from the force -- debris fall from the ceiling . it stop . silence . the Old man take he sword from the mantle . the door open . the SOUND of the wind rush in . outside nothing can be see - - only the darkness of the night . a beat . the Young man enter the room . the Old man smile at the sight of he . the Young man place he sack on the table . the Old man turn he back as he start to replace he sword on the mantle . the Young man 's expression harden . he stare at the Old man 's neck as he start to raise he sword . old man' Pov in a silver wine chalice he see the reflection of the young man who be now slowly raise he sword and about to strike at the Old man 's neck . in one fluid movement the Old man unsheathes he sword , then turn quickly . the Young man 's blade slice through the air miss it 's target . the Old man pivot and slice he blade across the Young man 's chest . the Young man wince in pain , then take a deep breath -- he body begin to shake violently . a transformation begins . the image of Young man begin to fade and be replace by the hooded man . he laugh loudly as he hold up he arm as if prompt the Old man for he appreciation of the illusion . old man ( hatefully ) kilvara ... the hood man smile when he hear he name . kilvara it flatter I you remember , old one . it 's be what ... two hundred year ? old man it 's not be long enough . what witchcraft be this ? 6 kilvara impressive -- be it not ? the problem be I can only keep the illusion for a few minute . I need more power to hold the form longer . I need the highlander . where be he ? old man I do not know -- and even if I do ... kilvara ( cut he off ) I know . I know -- you would not tell I . loyalty -- it really be a concept that elude I . ( shrug he shoulder ) oh well -- I shall find he . time be on my side . the Old man look sadly at the open door . kilvara notice and grin . kilvara be this what you be look for ? kilvara open the sack . Inside it be the head of the Young man . kilvara laugh , a deep guttural laugh . he turn and start towards the door . suddenly he stop and turn back to face the Old man . kilvara ( mockingly ) oh -- I almost forget . you head . old man it do not come off as easily as the young one . kilvara ( amused ) perhaps -- but it come off none the less . with a savage yell kilvara draw he sword and lunge at the Old man . the Old man step aside and kilvara 's sword smashes down on the table , shatter it into splinter . the two horseman step into the room and watch . kilvara lunge again -- and again -- each time the Old man side -step he . kilvara swing -- the Old man duck -- the blade hit the stone wall -- SPARKS fly -- rock explode . the Old man slice he blade across kilvara chest . a deep gash be cut -- blood flow . kilvara examine the wound . 7 kilvara you be dead . with brutal strength kilvara begin he attack again , whipping he sword through the air furiously . they sword cross -- spark fly . kilvara be too powerful for the Old man . all he can do be back up -- use he sword to block each ferocious blow . they pass through a large arch at the rear of the room . int . cavern - night the building be build at the mouth of a vast cave . torch set in the wall of the cavern be the only source of light . a wooden bridge be build over a deep ravine . kilvara and the Old man continue they fight across the bridge . the horseman lag behind , enjoy the battle . the Old man 's strength be give way under the merciless attack . the SPARKS from each contact be even more dazzle in the dim light of the cavern . kilvara swing again . the Old man try to block it . in one fluid movement kilvara scrape he sword along the Old man 's -- then lunge forward -- thrust he blade through the Old man 's chest . the Old man scream in pain . kilvara lift he up with the blade . kilvara fling he off the blade and onto the ground . the Old man be on he knee . kilvara raise he sword above he head . kilvara there can be only one . kilvara bring the blade down . it slice through the Old man 's neck , sever he head from he body . kilvara wait , prepare himself . a stream of bright GREEN light begin to flow from the body of the old man . it grow brighter and brighter . the body of the old man begin to hover above the ground , then in a pulsing burst of energy the light flow into kilvara . the force knock he to he knee . the ground shake -- the wall of the cavern move . suddenly , chunks of rock be blow out of the wall -- the rumbling SOUND grow louder and louder -- blind GREEN light fill the cave and then -- a deafen explosion . Whole section of the cavern begin to collapse -- cover the exit -- trapping everyone inside . ext . mountain - wide shot - night the rumbling SOUND subside . in the distance we hear the savage scream of kilvara . the camera move up the side of the mountain . as we come over the top we see ... smash CUT to : 8 ext . new york CITY - night the familiar tower of the city skyline stand along the bay , they light reflect off the water . ext . STREET - night a thick fog hang in the air . a light wind blow , move newspaper and other article of trash along the desert street . ext . alley - night crates and trash dumpster line the alley . a single , naked light bulb shine down like a spotlight . through the fog the silhouette of man appear as he step under the light . moving with the man - reverse shot we follow the man from behind . he be tall , dress in a long , tan rain - coat , jeans and sneaker . a small TRAVEL bag be sling over he shoulder . as he move down the alley he hear a scraping SOUND . he stop -- but do not turn around . a street punk emerge from behind a trash crate , scraping the blade of he knife along the wall of a building . he study the man for a moment as he run he thumb along the edge of the blade , almost caress it . punk what ' cha get in the bag ? not only do the man not answer -- he do not even turn around . punk hey -- you hear I ? conner macleod slowly turn around . he be mid thirty , handsome , he chin dot with the stubble of a beard . he be calm , detach -- yet under the surface there be a great sadness from a lifetime of pain and loneliness . he stare at the punk wearily -- know both what be go to happen and what the outcome will be . macleod ( softly ) yes -- I hear you . punk good . now , give it up . 9 macleod study the punk for a moment . macleod go home -- while you still can . macleod turn he back to he and start to walk away . the punk move after he quickly . macleod reach into a trash can and pull out a piece of pipe . the punk stop and stare at macleod . punk ( amused ) what do you think you be gonna to do with that ? macleod raise the pipe , twirling it around expertly in he hand . macleod ( deadly calm ) let 's find out . a beat . the punk be lose confidence . he look at macleod . close on macleod' eye deep. confidant . they radiate a intensity that seem to burn into the punk . the punk be unnerve by macleod 's calm . macleod wait , let he make the next move . a beat . the punk back away and disappear into the darkness . macleod stare he for a moment , then drop the pipe to the ground and walk off in the other direction . ext . STREET - night macleod stop at the mouth of the alley where it intersect with the street . he stare across the street . macleod' Pov a old building . a sign read : russell nash , antique . a sadness fall across he face -- he mind flood with memory as he look at the building . across the street the door of the antique store open . rachel , a attractive woman in she fifty exit -- lock the door -- walk down the street . 10 macleod watch she affectionately -- painfully . as she cross the street , he step back into the shadow of the alley , hide in the darkness . Rachel reach the alley , then stop -- think -- look back at the antique store . she be only a few foot away from macleod . close on macleod macleod struggle to make a decision . slowly he raise he hand -- reach out -- but can not bring himself to touch she . Rachel start to walk away . macleod ( os ) Rachel . no more need to be say . she recognize the voice instantly . she turn around slowly and look behind she . in the b.g. macleod step out of the darkness . he smile at she weakly . confusion fill she face , but be quickly replace by a wave of emotion . she move towards macleod slowly , as if try to determine if he be really there . she cup she hand to he face and stare deeply into he eye . no word be speak -- none need to be . the power of they feeling be show in they eye . CUT to : int . antique store - night crowd with table , chair , cabinet and other rare old object of furniture . macleod be seat at a 17th century dinning table . Rachel stand in the center of the room . rachel you know it 's not safe here for you . macleod I know . rachel the police still have a lot of question for Russell nash . macleod I can take care of myself . Rachel 's emotion build . 11 rachel why be you here , conner ? after seven year without a word , why have you come back ? you go off to make a new life with Brenda and that be the last I hear -- a sadness fall over macleod 's face . macleod Brenda 's dead . Rachel be stunne . macleod ( continue ) four year ago . I have nowhere else to go . you be all I have , Rachel -- and I be just so tired of be alone . his word touch she . she open a cabinet and pull out a bottle of glenmorgangie scotch . macleod force a weak smile . in the light he look tired . she pour he a drink . rachel it be not over , be it , conner ? macleod ( wearily ) no . rachel how can that be ? macleod I do not know . Rachel 's face fill with compassion . she reach out and hold macleod . he lay he head on she shoulder like a baby . int . library - night every inch of wall - space be fill with shelf and book . macleod walk along a row study the title . a faint grin fall across he face as he see a select work of poetry . Rachel enter the room with a tea service and place it on the table . rachel be there anything else you need ? macleod no -- I be fine . thank you . 12 rachel I be glad you have come home , conner . macleod I too . Rachel leave . macleod take a small book off the shelf and look through it . outside a streak of lightning cut across the night sky . macleod look out the window concerned . CUT to : ext . farm - day seventeenth century Scotland . the camera rise over a old stone wall . a charming farm house with stone wall and a thatched roof sit in the distance . smoke drift lazily from the chimney . + in the field a man toil behind a ox , he arm strain as he guide a plow through the soft earth . he stop , run he hand across he brow , then turn around . it be macleod . his hair be longer , but he look exactly the same . the farmer and owner of the land , a kindly - look man in he fifty walk over to he . he pick up and handful of soil and taste it . farmer it will be a good harvest this year . mccleod can you really tell from do that ? farmer what do you think ? mccleod I think you just like to eat dirt . they both laugh . sarah , fifteen year old , with flaxen hair and bright blue eye approach macleod with a water pale . sarah ( shyly ) would you care for some water , conner ? mccleod aye -- that I would , lass . 13 conner take the ladle and pour it over he head . he scoops out some more water and drink , then wink at Sarah . she blushes and run off . farmer I think my Sarah fancy you , conner . mccleod she 's a treasure she be . farmer she will soon be of age . macleod understand he only too well . mccleod you word be kind and they flatter I -- but I think of she as a sister . besides , you hardly know I . farmer I know that for six month you have work hard and ask for little . that you be a good and honest man . what more need I know ? the conversation be interrupt by the SOUND of horse hoove thunder across the field . two men , dirty and rough- look ride up to the house . they have the look of warrior to they . the farmer wife and Sarah stand outside the house . ext . farm house - day the Farmer arrive , out of breath from he run across the field . in the b.g. we see macleod go into the barn . farmer good day . the Men do not answer . the Farmer be nervous . he have see man like this before . a few other farm hand , mostly old men and women come in from the field . farmer you be welcome to share we food and we fire . warrior # 1 we do not share , old man . we take . warrior # 1 dismount . his eye fall on young Sarah . he look back at he friend with a toothless grin . 14 warrior # 1 you can eat if you want . I be go to start with she . warrior # 1 walk towards Sarah who cling to she mother . the Farmer stand in the path of the warrior . farmer no ! warrior # 1 backhand the Farmer across the face , send he fall to the ground . Sarah try to run but the warrior grab she . he lift she over he shoulder and carry she inside the barn , close the door behind they . we hear Sarah scream . a beat . suddenly , the door of the barn crash open as the warrior fly out of the barn and land on he back . macleod step out of the barn , he samurai in hand . warrior # 2 , still mount on he horse grin . warrior # 2 it appear this farmer have a temper . warrior # 1 stagger to he foot . he remove he sword and stare angrily at macleod . warrior # 1 this farmer be dead . warrior # 1 lunge at macleod who casually sidestep he attack and slice he sword across the Warrior chest . the warrior gasp , then fall to the ground dead . warrior # 2 can not believe what he have see . anger fill he face . he reach to the side of he saddle and lift a cross bow . macleod change he grip on the sword and hold it like a spear . he throws it at the warrior at the same time he fire the cross bow . the sword fly into the warrior 's stomach . blood flow from he mouth . a beat . he fall from the saddle , dead . macleod be stand , a arrow dead - center in he chest . blood flow from the wound . he slowly walk into the barn . the Farmer run after he . int . barn - moment later - day the Farmer enter . macleod be on he knee , he face fill with pain . he pull the arrow from he chest and stand . the farmer cannot believe what he have just see . he cross himself . 15 outside , through the open barn door we see Sarah and she mother run towards they . the Farmer quickly close the door and bolt they . farmer ( stunne ) this cannot be . mccleod it be . do not ask I how . I do not know . I must leave , for if I stay other would surely hear of this and worse than they will come . farmer agreed . mccleod ( sadly ) I would like to say goodbye . farmer how ? ext . barn - day the door open and the Farmer come outside . he motion for he wife and Sarah to enter . int . barn - day Sarah be cry as she enter with she mother and Father . macleod be lay on the ground , he head propped up under a mat of straw . farmer be quick -- he have not much time . tear flow from Sarah 's eye as she kneel next to macleod . she hold he hand . sarah do not leave we , conner . mccleod ( weakly ) it 's not for I to decide . he gently wipe she tear away with he hand . 16 mccleod ( continue ) do not cry , wee one . it 's a better place I go to . sarah I love you , conner . mccleod aye -- I know , Las -- and I have never love anyone more . sarah I will no forget you . mccleod ( sadly ) and I you . go now . let I walk to heaven door alone . the Farmer usher he wife and Sarah from the barn . ext . road - night the Farmer sit on a cart pull by a ox . he stop and look around . farmer this should do . in the back of the cart macleod lift up a tarp and get out . he look down in the valley . he can see the light in the farmhouse below . farmer go . I will dig a grave and mark it with you name . the farmer 's voice be distant . he be still unable to grasp what he have see . mccleod thank you . macleod reach up he hand . the Farmer do not take it . macleod understand . he start to walk off into the night . farmer conner ? macleod turn around . 17 farmer I will not pretend to understand what I have see this day . I be a simple man . whatever you be -- demon or spirit -- I thank you for the life of my Sarah and I wish you God 's peace . the Farmer turn the cart around , leave macleod alone , stare into the night . CUT to : int . library - night macleod be still stare out the window as the memory fade back into the past . he open the book of poetry and search through it . macleod ( read aloud ) the forest be lovely . Dark and deep -- but I have promise to keep -- and mile to go before I sleep . another flash of lightning . he look out the window into the night . macleod ( wearily ) " mile to go before I sleep " CUT to : ext . archaeological site , scottish highland - late afternoon the wind howl through the valley . outside the crumble ruins of the stone build ( we see in the open sequence ) be several four wheel drive truck and van . professor paul dajorski , be a typical academic in he fifty : beard , glass , pipe , tweed jacket . he walk across the field with a reporter and cameraman . professor dajorski for year this site be think to hold no archaeological value . that be until a few week ago when some local boy discover what appear to be a collapse passageway that lead into a cavern . reporter how much longer until you expect to enter the main cavern ? 18 professor dajorski that 's what we be go to find out now . a streak of lightning cut across the clear blue sky . Professor dajorski look up . reporter ( refer to the lightning ) I have never see anything like that before . professor dajorski it just start a few hour ago . worker exit the building push wheelbarrows fill with rock and dirt . the Professor enter the stone building , follow by the reporter and he team . int . stone build - late afternoon Inside group of volunteer attend to various function . Professor dajorski walk through the room . the camera Crew follow . we move with they as they walk down a long tunnel that lead into the mountain . jennifer hillman a attractive woman in she late twenty stand next to a technician . they each watch the screen as bright green light oscillate up and down . she look up at dakorski . jennifer electro magnetic sounding indicate we have only get a few inch of rock leave before we reach the main chamber . reporter any idea how big the cavern be on the other side ? jennifer huge . reporter what be you hope to find inside ? the question strike Jennifer as odd . 19 jennifer you guy be from the british museum , right ? reporter no -- we be from strange fact and mystery . it 's a syndicate show out of .. jennifer ( to dajorski ) Paul . I think we agree . no press . professor dajorski just a little . who know what we be go to find in there . it could be a huge excavation . a little friendly pr never hurt . jennifer where be the film crew from the british Museum ? professor dajorski they have have a little car trouble . I be afraid they will not be here until after dark . jennifer then we should not break into the cavern until tomorrow morning . this could be a very important find . I want it document . CUT to : ext . archaeological site - night all be quiet . truck and van be park near the structure . CUT to : int . stone build - tunnel entrance - night a guard sit in a fold - out chair at the entrance to the tunnel . CUT to : 20 int . tunnel - night electric light be set up at interval along the tunnel . we hear a scratching SOUND . a beat . the SOUND grow louder . one of the huge rock block the tunnel begin to move . it move forward slowly , then fall to the ground with a thud . there be now a hole in the wall . int . stone build - tunnel entrance - night the guard hear the SOUND . he turn around and look down the tunnel , then enter . int . tunnel - night the Guard reach the end . he see there be now several rock on the ground and the hole in the wall be now even bigger . the Guard slowly remove a flash light and move towards the wall . he shine the light inside and look in . a beat -- then , suddenly and hand reach out , grab the Guard and pull he in through the hole . a beat . all be quiet . kilvara step out through the hole hold he sword . he shield he eye from the light and move towards the exit . CUT to : ext . stone build - night kilvara step outside . he take a deep breath , fill he lung with the cool night air . a moment later he be join by the two horseman . kilvara close he eye . kilvara can you feel it ? there be another one among we . it have not end ? horseman # 1 what now ? kilvara open he eye and slowly look at the horseman . kilvara everything be as it be before . kilvara raise he sword -- swing in at the horseman -- and sever he head from he body . the other horseman look on in horror . he back up slowly , then run off . kilvara prepare himself to receive the power . 21 ext . stone build - wide shot - night a brilliant GREEN light pierce the darkness , lighting the front of the Stone Building . smash CUT to : int . macleod' bedroom - night macleod bolt up in bed . he stare out the window sadly . CUT to : ext . country road - day seventeenth century England . macleod ride he horse along a road blankete by dense forest on each side . suddenly , he stop he horse as a premonition fill he . he look around . a horse be tethere to a tree off the road . man' voice good day . the voice come from above . macleod look up . sitting on the branch of a tree that extent over the road be thomas cavanaugh . he be a large , robust man in he fifty dress in thick sheepskin . he drop from the tree landing before macleod . macleod slowly reach for he samurai . cavanaugh you will have no need for that , highlander . mccleod since we hardly know each other , I be sure you will understand if I hold one to it for awhile . cavanaugh caution show wisdom . cavenaugh note the samurai . cavanaugh I know that weapon . it belong to Juan romeriz . he 's dead ? mccleod ( sadly ) aye . 22 cavanaugh you ? mccleod no . he be my brother . he die at another hand . cavanaugh we too be brother , macleod . in fact , you have more family than you think . mccleod who be you ? cavanaugh Thomas cavenaugh . I be a teacher of sort . like romeriz I help that newly acquainted with we life . mccleod I learn my fill from romeriz . cavanaugh indeed you do . and now it be time for you to pass on to other what you learn from he . cavenaugh walk over he horse and mount it . mccleod so they can take my head ? cavenaugh ride over to macleod . cavanaugh you head be not important , highlander . what be important be the prize . it must go to one who would not misuse it . ride with I . come and meet you family . cavenaugh 's horse begin to walk away . macleod stare after he , then follow . CUT to : ext . ancient church - day the Church stand alone in a valley , it 's stone wall collapse from time and neglect . fog carpet the ground . horse and cart be in front of the building . 23 int . ancient church - day only three of the four stone wall be stand . a large section of the roof be go . Inside be about thirty men , warrior , fierce and hard - look . they stand before what once be the altar and listen as cavenaugh speak . cavanaugh I have call this gather on holy ground so that each man might take comfort in know he be protect inside the confines of this wall . none of we , good or evil would dare raise a hand against the other in God 's house . man # 1 if God protect we so , why have he curse we ? cavanaugh God 's purpose for we be unclear , save that he have give we a gift . man # 2 a gift ? you call never grow old - - watch friend and love one die a gift ? cavanaugh I do not profess to know what be in God 's mind . he have choose we . we be he warrior through time . the final gather be still far away but the prize must be capture by a man who be pure of heart . that of we who would use the prize for goodly purpose must band together against that who would use it for evil . in the back of the room , stand alone be macleod . his eye be on the altar , but he mind seem far away . CUT to : ext . ancient church - later - day macleod walk with cavanaugh , weaving through the crowd of man and horse . 24 mccleod the prize ? so much blood so that in the end the one that remain will be mortal again . so much pain so that the winner can grow old and have child . the prize hardly seem worth the cost of it . cavanaugh there will be more to the prize than that . power will come with it -- and it must be use for good . mccleod the day of magic be end . the world be change . cavanaugh aye -- yet one such as I who have wander this world for nearly nine century can remember back to other day of change . day of Robin of the Hood and Arthur pendragon . they be real enough once , but they drift into men' dream and become legend - - as we shall do one day . macleod stop at he horse . mccleod I grow weary of the fight . macleod mount he horse . cavanaugh you can not run from you destiny , conner . mccleod perhaps -- but if I must face it , let it find I , for I shall search for it no more . CUT to : ext . archaeological site - morning Professor dajorski walk quickly to the Stone Building . the area be surprisingly empty . Jennifer walk over to meet he . professor dajorski what 's go on ? where be everyone ? 25 jennifer we be hold the worker down below . professor dajorski why ? jennifer someone break into the cavern last night . professor dajorski what ? how ? Jennifer begin to walk . dajorski follow . jennifer we be not quite sure . the Guard be knock out . dajorski be concerned . Jennifer wave he off . jennifer he 's fine . he swear he never leave he post for a moment . he hear a noise and when he go back to look they be already inside . professor dajorski how could they get by he ? jennifer I do not know . Jennifer stop . a few foot away lie the torso of the horseman cover by a blanket . beside he , cover with a jacket be the head . dajorski look at it . jennifer ( point ) we find he this morning . professor dajorski ( point ) what 's that next to he ? jennifer his head . someone cut it off . dajorski shiver at the think of it . jennifer look at this . 26 Jennifer lift the cloth . dajorski be not pleased with the sight , but he immediately see what she be refer to . he bend down and examine the dead man 's clothing . professor dajorski incredible . the cloth -- the button -- it look to be mid sixteen hundred . it 's a remarkable duplication . jennifer I do not think it be a duplication . professor dajorski it have to be . jennifer and this ? Jennifer lift the sword . dajorski examine it . professor dajorski same period -- and exceptionally well preserve . Jennifer , what 's go on here ? Jennifer look back at the stone building . jennifer that 's a good question . that 's a very good question . CUT to : int . antique store - day macleod come out of the elevator . he walk over to Rachel at the counter . mccleod I be go out for a while . Rachel open a drawer and remove a set of key . she hand they to he . mccleod you keep it ? rachel yes . macleod smile and kiss she on the forehead . 27 int . garage - day a tarp be pull off of a 1958 convertible porsche . ext . STREET - day the porsche roar up the driveway and out onto the street . int . church , new york - afternoon filter light flow through stain glass window . macleod sit alone in the pew . he stare at the altar , he mind deep in think . a priest walk down the aisle -- stop -- study he for a moment , then sit beside he . priest you look troubled my son . macleod 's mouth hint at a grin from the Priest 's understatement . he do not look at the Priest . priest sometimes we feel better if we talk about the thing that bother we . how long have it be since you last confession ? mccleod ( distantly ) a long time . priest perhaps if you -- mccleod I do not think confession will help I , father . macleod stand and prepare to leave . priest redemption be one of God 's gift . macleod look at the Priest sadly . mccleod God 's gift ? you mean like , life , have child , grow old , die and heaven ? priest exactly . 28 mccleod that be gift I can never have . macleod walk down the aisle . priest you be too young to be so bitter . macleod stop . he turn back and look at the Priest . mccleod ( sadly ) I be older than I look . CUT to : ext . dock - dusk a desolate area of the river . abandon warehouse line the waterfront . his porsche be park in the b.g. macleod lean against the railing , stare out over the water . a beat . suddenly , macleod stiffen , he gaze lift off the water . a premonition fill he . he turn around , know what he will find behind he . macleod' Pov the other horseman approach . he hold he broad sword at he side . macleod hold he hand up . mccleod wait . we do not have to do this . the horseman lunge at macleod . he raise the sword and bring it down quickly . macleod move quickly to he side . the sword miss he by inch as it smashes into the railing , slice through the metal . macleod stare into the horseman 's eye -- they be cold , savage . he know there be not point in talk . mccleod alright . macleod open he rain coat and slowly remove the ancient samurai sword . he expertly twirl the sword as he raise it over he head and hold it in a fight stance . a beat . both man lock eye . the horseman attack . blade cross . spark fly . the man move across the quay towards the warehouse . 29 the horseman thrust he sword . macleod step to the side and slice the blade of the samurai across the horseman 's face . a deep gash appear , blood flow down he cheek . the horseman touch the wound , look at the blood on he finger , then taste it . he grin and attack . the horseman whirl he sword , swinging furiously at macleod . blow after powerful blow pound against the samurai . macleod be back up against the railing . the sword cross and remain lock -- each man push against the other in a show of strength . the horseman knee macleod in the groin . macleod double over . the horseman bring the butt of he sword down hard between macleod 's shoulder blade . macleod fall to he knee , drop he sword . the horseman lift the samurai and throw it behind he . macleod struggle to shake the pain from he body as the horseman raise the sword above macleod 's neck . as he bring it down , macleod lunge forward , hurl he body into the horseman and pick he . macleod 's run across the quay carry the horseman on he shoulder . the horseman raise he sword above he head . macleod head towards one of the large window of the warehouse . int . meat packing warehouse - dusk crash ! Glass shatter as macleod and the horseman break through the window . carcass of beef hang from hook on a curving s-haped processing line . slowly the two warrior get to they foot . the horseman 's sword be a few foot behind he . he stand and walk to it . macleod look around the room , look for something -- anything -- that might be use as a weapon . the horseman attack , swinging he sword wildly . macleod grab the rack of beef , use they as a shield . the horseman 's blade slice through the meat . macleod back up , grab another side of beef and push it into the horseman . the impact knock the horseman to the ground . his sword slide across the floor . the horseman get up and walk over to he sword . macleod grab one of the meat hook and hurl it towards the horseman 's back . the horseman have just about reach the sword when the hook spear he between the shoulder blade . macleod push a red button . the processing line begin to move -- the hook lift , pick the horseman off the ground . the horseman try desperately to reach the hook , but he cannot . macleod pick up the sword and ready himself . the horseman head back towards macleod . in one fluid motion macleod cut off he head -- leave the rope intact . the headless body continue to swing across the room . 30 a beat . macleod ready himself for what he know he come . spark of green light begin to pulse out from the horseman 's headless body . macleod 's body stiffen as a jolt of power fill he . overhead light fixture crackle as the light bulb begin to glow . the engine of a old fork lift come to life . a radio turn on fill the room with music . ext . warehouse - night one by one the window explode , raining a shower of glass on the dock -- and then -- silence . a exhaust - look macleod stagger out of the building . he search through the darkness until he find he sword , then run off into the night . CUT to : ext . river - day seventeenth century England . macleod ride along the shore of the river . cavanaugh ride beside he , sing and old fold song loudly . his voice clearly annoys macleod . mccleod must you do that ? cavanaugh what ? mccleod sing. cavanaugh it be a beautiful day . I be merely enjoy it . mccleod can not you enjoy it quietly ? cavanaugh be you always this pleasant ? ( macleod do not answer ) you know what you be problem be ? mccleod you ? 31 cavanaugh force a grin . he stop he horse . macleod stop beside he . cavanaugh life . you have stop live it . you look , but you do not see . you listen but , you do not hear . mccleod I hear you . cavanaugh what else ? what else do you hear right now ? macleod listen for a moment . mccleod the river . cavanaugh that 's all ? mccleod yes . cavanaugh close he eye . cavanaugh do you not hear the wind in the tree ? the song of the bird . the horse breath ? ( beat ) there be a whole world around you . alive. live . feel it -- become part of it . live you life , highlander . it 's go to be a long one . mccleod that be what bother I . cavanaugh I see . you do not care about life anymore . macleod shrug he shoulder , indicate he do not care . mccleod I guess not . 32 in a instant cavanaugh draw he sword and swing it at macleod 's neck . just as quickly macleod remove he samurai and block the attack . a beat . cavanaugh grin , then lower he sword . cavanaugh you protect yourself well for a man who do not care if he life or die . cavanaugh move he horse forward . cavanaugh ( look back at macleod ) fear not , my friend -- we be all go to die . it 's just go to take we longer , that 's all . CUT to : int . inn - night a small country inn . a fire roar in the fireplace . macleod sit at a table , stare into the flame . cavanaugh join he carry to tankard of ale . a beat . cavanaugh do not interrupt macleod 's thought . mccleod I be leave . cavanaugh leave what ? mccleod England . there be nothing for I here anymore . cavanaugh and what do you think you will find in another land ? mccleod maybe myself . cavanaugh then it 's worth the journey . macleod hold out he hand . mccleod thank you , Thomas . cavanaugh for what ? 33 mccleod for be a friend when I need one . I hope we path cross again . cavanaugh I be sure they will . mccleod as friend -- always as friend . cavanaugh we can not write we destiny , macleod . in the end it could be you and I . mccleod that be a think that do not please I . cavanaugh if it come down to it what would you do ? mccleod I do not know . I pray that I shall never have to raise my sword against one that I call friend . cavanaugh raise he tankard . macleod join he . they tab there tankard together and drink . CUT to : ext . meat packing warehouse - morning several black and white police car be in front of the building . a unmark car drive up and bedsoe the cop from highlander one get out . he be older , heavier and now a Lieutenant . he walk towards the entrance of the warehouse . int . meat packing warehouse - morning police officer and member of the forensic team search through the rubble for clue . the headless corpse of the horseman be still hang from the meat hook in between several slab of beef . bedsoe enter at stare at the gruesome sight . a detective greley , a sloppy -look man in he thirty join he . detective greley caretaker find he this morning . he 's get no i.d. on he -- we will have to run he print . 34 bedsoe look around the room . the scene be all too familiar to he . detective greley so , whaddaya think , Lieutenant , u.s.d.a ? greley grin . bedsoe look at he askance . bedsoe do you find a sword ? a old sword ? detective greley ( surprised ) yeah -- how would you know that ? bedsoe ignore the question . he look away , he mind deep in think . bedsoe ( quietly to himself ) he 's back . CUT to : ext . museum - morning a old building set among warehouse and abandon building . in the b.g. loom the modern high - rise of the city . int . office - morning a large room , fill with table that be pile high with artifact . Professor dajorski enter , hang up he jacket and walk across the room . Jennifer be asleep at a workbench , she head rest on the surface . dajorski stare at she for a moment , then gently wake she . professor dajorski you stay here again last night ? jennifer I be work on the cataloge . professor dajorski Jennifer , there be more to life than work . jennifer I know , Paul . 35 professor dajorski do you ? then why do not you go out ? meet someone . make a life for yourself instead of hide away in the past ? jennifer I like my work . professor dajorski I be have some people over tonight for dinner -- I would like you come . jennifer ( smile ) we will see . dajorski know she well enough to know when to stop push . he place a copy of the morning paper in front of she . professor dajorski take a lok at this . Jennifer lift the paper . jennifer ( read ) the headless corpse of a man be find early this morning in a meat pack warehouse near the river . Police say the unidentified body be dress in what appear to be a costume from the seventeenth century ... Jennifer lower the paper and look at dajorski with confusion . CUT to : int . bank - day a old building with several large pillar run from floor to ceiling . mr. parker , a distinguished look man in he forty stand at counter . he finish fill out a deposit slip , then endorse the back of a check . parker look at the line , put the check in he briefcase , then walk towards the bathroom . someone's Pov of parker walk into the bathroom . the Pov slowly head towards the bathroom . 36 int . bathroom - day - someone's Pov walk along the stall , look under they to see if they be occupy . we come to one and see a pair of shoe . a beat . the Pov rise , as if the person be straighten up . a beat . suddenly the door be kick open , revealing Mr. parker site on the toilet . he look up , startle . parker' Pov kilvara be stand at the entrance of the stall with a grin . kilvara do not get up . int . bank , teller' window - day the teller , a bored middle - age woman look up routinely as Mr. parker walk to she window with he check in one hand , he briefcase in the other . teller good afternoon , Mr. parker . mr. parker good afternoon ... ( look at name plate ) ... shirley . teller would you like to deposit this in you account ? mr. parker no . the money , please . teller this check be for sixteen thousand dollar . that 's a lot of cash to be carry around . mr. parker I can take care of myself . teller alright . it 's go to take a few minute . I have to call and verify the fund . we hold on Mr. parker who be become a little anxious . the teller be on the phone . 37 teller yes -- I will hold . Mr. parker tap he finger on the counter . the clock on the wall behind he read : 1:10 the teller hang up the phone and walk back to she station . Mr , parker look pale , bead of sweat dot he forehead . the clock on the wall now read : 1:22 . the teller take out several stack of one hundre dollar bill . she start to count they . Mr. parker scoops they into he briefcase . mr. parker that 's okay -- I trust you . Mr. parker walk away . his face sweat more , he body stiffen . he draw the attention of a guard . Mr. parker walk behind one of the pillar as he head for the exit . when we see he again he look different . he pass behind another -- and again when we see he he appear different . from pillar to pillar he shape change until when he pass from behind the last one he be now kilvara . the Guard cannot believe what he have see -- or what he think he have see . he weave in a out of the pillar look for any sign of Mr. parker . there be none . he rush up to kilvara who be still hold the briefcase . guard just a moment , sir. kilvara stop . he turn around slowly . guard would you come with I please ? kilvara I think not . the Guard move closer . kilvara slowly reach he free hand under he jacket . the Guard instantly remove he revolver and aim it at kilvara . guard freeze ! kilvara stare at the gun with amusement . in a flash he sword he draw . he move towards the Guard . the Guard fire . the first three shot hit kilvara in the chest -- he light color shirt splatter with blood . the shot drive he backwards but not down . he stagger forward . the Guard fire three more shot . kilvara fall to the ground on he back . 38 the Bank break into Chaos . customer dive to the ground . the Guard slowly move over kilvara and kick the sword away . he lean over to take a pulse . kilvara 's eye open . he grab the Guard by the throat and lift he off the ground and he stand . kilvara push he against the wall and stare angrily into he eye . kilvara ( piss off ) that hurt . in the b.g. we hear police siren . kilvara know he have little time . he let go of the Guard , pick up he sword and run from the bank . CUT to : int . antique store - day the elevator open and macleod step out carry a duffle bag . Rachel be at the counter . rachel what be you do ? mccleod I should not have come back here . it be a mistake . rachel be it a mistake for someone to go to the one who love they when they be in trouble ? mccleod yes -- when they trouble can harm they . rachel why will not you ever let anyone help you ? macleod put he bag down near the counter . he touch Rachel 's face lightly . mccleod because no one can . we hear the bell on the front door as someone open it . man' voice hello , nash . 39 macleod turn around . bedsoe be stand at the door with two detective . mccleod detective bedsoe . bedsoe ( correct he ) Lieutenant . mccleod congratulation . bedsoe walk towards he . Rachel push the duffel bag behind the counter with she foot , hide it from bedsoe 's view . bedsoe guess what we find this morning ? macleod shrug he shoulder . bedsoe ( continue ) a body -- with it 's head cut off . sound familiar ? macleod do not answer . bedsoe ( continue ) when do you get back ? mccleod a few day ago . bedsoe that 's what I figure . well , I have a little home come present for you . bedsoe pull out he handcuff and dangle they before macleod . bedsoe ( continue ) I have be wait seven year for this . CUT to : int . interrogation room , police station - day macleod and bedsoe sit on opposite side of a table . 40 bedsoe where be you last night around nine ? mccleod I already tell you . I take a walk . bedsoe tell I again . where would you go ? mccleod Central Park . bedsoe do not it scare you walk through the park at night ? mccleod no . I do not scare easy . bedsoe where have you be for the last seven year ? mccleod around . bedsoe and Brenda ? a sadness fall across macleod 's face . bedsoe have see that look before -- he know what it mean . bedsoe how ? macleod do not answer the question . his personal life be not open for discusion . bedsoe she be a good woman . mccleod you do not bring I here to talk about she . bedsoe no . bedsoe pick up a 8x10 photograph of the headless corpse in the meat pack warehouse . 41 bedsoe ( continue ) I bring you here to talk about he . do you know he ? mccleod no. bedsoe you sure ? mccleod he do not look familiar -- but then he would probably be easier to identity with he head . macleod and bedsoe lock eye . a beat . there be a knock on the two - way mirror . bedsoe get up and leave the room . int . hall - day bedsoe walk over to captain newsome . we can macleod through the mirror . bedsoe I be in the middle of a interrogation , Captain . captain interrogation 's over , bedsoe . bedsoe what ? captain cut he loose . the d.a. say you be not get shit on this guy . bedsoe you do not understand . about seven year ago we find the body of a guy name vasilnic in Jersey . a week later in the parking lot of madison Square Garden we find iman fasil . Three day after that luman castageer be find in a alley . the fourth body we have never be able to identify . all four man die from decapitation . nash be we primary suspect -- but he disappear . captain it 's circumstantial . 42 bedsoe for chrissake ! gimme a break . the guy disappear for seven year and as soon as he come back it start again . captain I see you point , bedsoe , but I have to look at this from the law 's point of view . there 's something miss here . it 's something I be sure you have come across many time in you career . it 's call evidence . ( beat ) get I a murder weapon with he fingerprint on it . find I a eye witness . dig up a motive . until then we do not have a case against he . the Captain walk away . bedsoe be furious . he look at macleod who be stare at he through the mirror as if he know exactly what be go on . int . squad room - day macleod walk towards the exit with bedsoe . bedsoe this be not over nash . it 's just beginning . Jennifer be sit on a chair . she get up and walk over to bedsoe . jennifer Lieutenant bedsoe ? bedsoe not now . I be busy . macleod 's attention be focus on Jennifer . it 's as if he know she but can not quite place she . bedsoe ( to macleod ) I be gonna nail you , nash . that 's a promise . mccleod be that it ? bedsoe step in . his face be inch from macleod 's . 43 bedsoe no . I be tell you right now , the next person 's head that come off be gonna be yours . mccleod ( sarcastically ) Lieutenant , you be really frightening I . bedsoe ( control anger ) get outta here . macleod walk out the door . he stop and look back at Jennifer again , then leave . bedsoe nods to a detective who start to walk after he . macleod appear in the doorway again with a grin . the detective stop and try to act nonchalant . macleod lean towards he . mccleod ( to detective ) I be go to Jimmy 's bar on West sixty seventh for drink . see you there . macleod grin at bedsoe , then leave . bedsoe stare after he hatefully . Jennifer approach he again . jennifer Lieutenant ? bedsoe ( snap ) what ? who be you ? what do you want ? jennifer my name be Jennifer hillman . I be a archaeologist . I read in the paper about the murder yesterday and I think I should come talk to you . bedsoe talk to I about what ? Jennifer open a envelope and remove a photo of the corpse of horseman # 1 at the Scotland site . jennifer about this . bedsoe look at the photo , then back at Jennifer . he usher into he office and close the door . through the glass partion we see they talk . 44 CUT to : int . morgue - day bedsoe be there with Jennifer . a the headless corpse of horseman # 2 be lay on one of the steel table . the medical examiner , a short , fat man in he forty be eat a donut . medical examiner well , it be not easy but I finally determine the cause of death . bedsoe do not find any humor be this . Jennifer go over to the counter and look through the personal affect . bedsoe what else ? medical examiner nothing . besides not have a head he 's in perfect health . no cavity . no break bone . have you find out who he be ? bedsoe he 's nobody . the police , the f.b.i , interpol -- nobody have record of this guy . it 's like he be never bear . Jennifer be examine the horseman 's jacket . jennifer that 's exactly what Scotland yard say about the person we find at the site . bedsoe walk over to Jennifer . bedsoe what do you think ? jennifer they appear to be authentic . bedsoe why be people walk around New York with sword , dress in mid evil clothing ? jennifer well , technically it 's not mid evil - - it 's Renaissance . 45 bedsoe whatever -- it 's old clothing , right ? this be some weird shit . detective greley enter . detective greley hey Lieutenant , the boy in robbery have something I think you should look at . bedsoe what be it ? detective greley a tape from the surveillance camera at the first National Bank . it be rob this morning . bedsoe really ? I want to make sure that I understand what you be tell I , greley . a crime be commit in New York City ? that be news . detective greley the guy have a sword and be dress like this guy . bedsoe 's interest be peak . he look at Jennifer . detective greley that 's not all , Lieutenant . wait until you see the tape . it 's unbelievable . bedsoe ( to Jennifer ) I would like you to see this . CUT to : int . conference room , police station - afternoon close on television screen . we see kilvara walk towards the guard with he sword . the guard fire at he . kilvara move towards he again . the Guard fire again . kilvara fall to the ground . the camera pull back to show bedsoe , Jennifer , greley and several other detective look at the tape . robbery detective watch this part . 46 on the Television we see kilvara reach up and grab the Guard , then stand up unharme . bedsoe can not believe what he have see . bedsoe what the hell . what be this ? a joke ? robbery detective no joke , Lieutenant . bedsoe where 's the guy we see in the beginning -- what 's he name ...? robbery detective parker . we find he knock out in the can . bedsoe if he be knock out in the can how could be walk across the lobby ? the robbery detective shrug he shoulder . robbery detective hey , I do not have answer for this . I just bring you down here because of the sword . bedsoe be I suppose to believe that this guy get shot in the chest six time at point blank range and just get up and walk out ? robbery detective you can believe what you want . you see the tape . bedsoe walk out of the room . Jennifer follow . int . hallway - day Jennifer catch up to bedsoe . bedsoe you do not see this . understand ? jennifer yes . 47 ( beat ) that guy you be talk to upstairs -- nash . you think he know what 's go on ? bedsoe let I worry about nash . CUT to : ext . central park - day macleod walk along a gravel path . he stop and look behind he . macleod' Pov of the detective try he best not to be see . macleod continue to walk . he stop at a large pond . childern play , sailing miniature sailing ship . macleod stare at the ship -- he mind drift . close on miniture sailing ship it move over the choppy water , bob up and down behind the wave . it disappear behind a wall of water -- when it reappear ... CUT to : ext . sailing ship - day a real eighteenth century sailing ship , churn the rough water of the Atlantic . macleod stand on the deck , stare out at the horizon . a spray of water shoot over the side drench he . he close he eye and grin . man' voice you be go to fall over you damn fool . macleod turn around to find a rather pale cavanaugh stand behind he . mccleod ( surprised ) Thomas . what be you do here ? 48 cavanaugh you do not think I would let you go off by yourself , do you ? macleod embrace he . mccleod you be look a wee bit green , Thomas . cavanaugh the sea and I do not agree with each other . where we off to ? mccleod France . cavanaugh ( suddenly feel sicker ) how long be the voyage ? mccleod not long . we should arrive in the morning . ( amused ) be you go to be alright ? cavanaugh I ? of course . the ship roll up over a wave . cavanaugh 's face cringe . cavanaugh oh , Lord have mercy . cavanaugh bend over the rail drop out of frame . macleod grin as he watch he . slowly he grin fade -- the sight of cavanaugh 's illness affect he . macleod hold he stomach , he cheek bulge . mccleod oh no . macleod bend over the rail and out of frame . CUT to : ext . paris - day a horse-drawn coach arrive . traveler disembark . among they be macleod and cavanaugh . a small , street - wise man name gaston approach they . 49 gaston ( in french ) Excuse I gentleman . my name be gaston . cavanaugh ( to macleod ) what would he say ? mccleod I have no idea . gaston ( in English ) ah , you be English . I speak English . my name be gaston . for a small fee I would gladly be you guide . macleod and cavanaugh look at each and decide why not . cavanaugh toss up and coin which gaston eagerly grab . cavanaugh we need food and lodging . gaston not to worry , monsieur . my uncle own a very reputable inn . gaston take cavanaugh 's bag and carry it . he attempt to take macleod 's , but macleod will not let go of it . gaston how be journey ? mccleod great . I would recommend it for anyone who want to lose weight . CUT to : int . bedsoe' office - day bedsoe be watch the tape of the bank robbery on a small television . detective greley enter hold a photograph of kilvara . detective greley here it be , Lieutenant . we blow it up off the tape . every cop in the city have a copy of it . 50 bedsoe good -- also , give it to the papers and tv . detective greley y'know , the guy in robbery be gonna get kind of upset . we be step on they toe of this one . bedsoe tough . detective greley it 's not a homicide , Lieutenant . bedsoe this tie in with nash . detective greley we do not have any proof of that . bedsoe I do not need proof . I know it . send it out . CUT to : int . new york library - afternoon Jennifer sit at one of the microfilm machine scan over old newspaper article . she stop at one that read : antique dealer arrested in connection with headless corpse . int . lobby , library - afternoon Jennifer look through the white page . jennifer ( read aloud ) Russell nash antique . Hudson street . CUT to : ext . nash antique - dusk macleod walk towards the entrance of the shop . as he reach the door Jennifer step out of the shadow . jennifer Mr. nash ? 51 macleod turn towards she . his face betray nothing . jennifer my name be Jennifer hillman . I be at the police station earlier today -- mccleod I remember you . jennifer I be wonder if I could talk to you ? mccleod be you a cop ? jennifer no. I be a archaeologist . mccleod what do you want ? jennifer to talk to you . mccleod I do not think we have anything to talk about , miss hillman . macleod enter the store . Jennifer follow after he determine . int . antique store - dusk macleod walk across the room . Jennifer enter . jennifer ( yell after he ) not even headless corpse wear seventeenth century clothing ? macleod turn around slowly . mccleod corpse ? jennifer yes . we find another man outside a site we be work at in Scotland . mccleod in the highland ? 52 jennifer yes . how do you know ? mccleod a lucky guess . jennifer I do not think so -- but then , maybe you have can guess how a guy with a sword could rob the first national Bank this afternoon -- and get shot six time in the chest by the guard and still get up and walk out ? mccleod he be wear a bullet proof vest . jennifer bullet proof vest do not bleed . mccleod ( shrug he shoulder ) you get I . jennifer why do I feel that you know what 's go on ? mccleod be you the type of person who take advice , miss hillman ? jennifer if it 's good advice . mccleod this be . go home . stay out of this . jennifer why ? what 's go on ? macleod show a hint of frustration that she be not go to take he advice . macleod start to walk away . Jennifer grab he arm . macleod turn around and pull she hand away . suddenly he expression change as he stare at she hand . macleod' Pov on she finger be a distinctive ring . it be very old intricate gold pattern carve in gold and set in ivory . macleod be shocked . he slowly raise she hand up before he face and look she in the eye . 53 mccleod where do you get this ring ? Jennifer be more than a little frighten by macleod intensity . mccleod ( continue ) where do you get it ? jennifer it 's mine . it 's be in my family for year . it belong to my great , great , great grandmother . macleod stare at the ring again -- he mind drift away for a moment , then he look at Jennifer . mccleod goodnight , miss hillman . macleod walk towards the elevator . a beat . Jennifer gather she composure -- in spite of he intensity there be something that interest she about macleod . macleod step in the elevator and look back at she . he say nothing . the elevator door close . Jennifer stare after he , intrigue . CUT to : int . upstair hallway - night as macleod walk down the hall Rachel open she bedroom door . rachel I hear voice downstairs . be everything alright ? mccleod Fine . rachel what will you do ? mccleod there 's nothing I can do . I will wait . one way or another soon it will all be over soon . macleod feign a grin for Rachel 's sake . he lean in a kiss she on the forehead , then continue down the hall . 54 int . upstair live room - night exactly as we remember it from highlander one . macleod sit on the couch , next to the aquarium . his eye drift up a stone wall at the back of the room . he Pov of macleod eye drift up the wall . pull back to reveal we be now at ... CUT to : int . ballroom - night eighteenth century France . a elegant room . aristocrat , dress in lavish clothing mingle and dance . macleod and cavanaugh stand off to the side . they be well dress with white , power wig . cavanaugh be clearly uncomfortable with he dress and surroundings . cavanaugh what be we do here ? mccleod live . remember ? cavanaugh ( tug at he clothing ) you may be live -- but this suit be kill I . something catch macleod 's eye . macleod' Pov across the room , stand with a group of pompous - look men be isabelle tourez a beautiful woman in she early twenty . she look remarkably like Jennifer . her gaze fall on macleod , she smile shyly . cavanaugh follow macleod 's stare . he know when trouble be come -- and this be it . mccleod she 's beautiful . macleod start to walk over to she . cavanaugh where be you go ? 55 mccleod to ask she to dance . cavanaugh she 's the King 's cousin . mccleod then she should be a excellent dancer . macleod walk across the room , he eye on isabelle . she step forward as he approach , leave the group of men behind she . macleod smile and bow , then offer she he hand . she take it and they walk out onto the dance floor . CUT to : ext . countryside - day macleod and isabelle lay on a blanket in a green meadow . macleod seem preoccupy . isabelle conner ? macleod look at she and smile . mccleod aye ? isabelle where do you go when you mind drift ? mccleod different place . isabelle the past ? mccleod sometimes . isabelle why be it you never talk to I about Scotland -- you life there . mccleod because it 's the past -- and thing that be in the past be best leave there . 56 isabelle and will I be part of you past or you future ? macleod do not answer . he look away sadly . CUT to : int . apartment - day macleod enter . he be happy , playful . he see cavanaugh sit near the window . he appear distract . macleod notice he behavior . mccleod something wrong ? cavanaugh turn towards he slowly . cavanaugh yes . mccleod what worry you ? cavanaugh you . macleod know where this conversation be go . cavanaugh you have be see she for over a month now . have you learn nothing from the past ? mccleod I have learn that a man can only go so along live alone . cavanaugh so , you do this for yourself ? what about she ? ( beat ) you can not not have a relationship , macleod . you have tell I of you wife , Heather , and how you love she . romeriz warn you then , but you would not listen . you watch she grow old and die -- and there be nothing you could do . a sadness fall over macleod as he remember . cavanaugh walk over to he and put he arm on he shoulder . 57 cavanaugh ( continue ) that be two hundred and fifty year ago -- and the pain still scar you heart . would you live that pain again ? mccleod ( sadly ) no . what be I to do ? cavanaugh the only thing you can do . you must end it . ext . courtyard - night macleod stand in a courtyard with cavanaugh and gaston . macleod look up the stone wall to a balcony . cavanaugh and gaston do not appear pleased to be there . macleod look at cavanaugh who nod to he reassuringly . gaston look around nervously . gaston this be a most dangerous undertake . this be part of the royal apartment . macleod begin to climb , grab onto rock and slide he foot into the cervice . he reach the balcony and climb over . int . bedroom - night large and beautifully furnish . a fire glow at the far side of the room . isabelle sit before a dress table and mirror , comb she hair . she be a beautiful woman in she late twenty . in the mirror she see macleod as he enter the room from the balcony . isabelle conner . she smile , then run into he arm . mccleod hello , blossom . she kiss he , then take he hand start to lead he into the room . 58 mccleod I can not stay . isabelle why not ? mccleod I be leave in the morning . isabelle be shocked . isabelle leave ? for how long ? mccleod you will no see I again . isabelle 's hurt and disappointment show on she face . isabelle why ? mccleod I can not explain . isabelle do you love I , conner ? mccleod aye . isabelle then take I with you . mccleod where I be go you can not follow . isabelle ( on the verge of tear ) why be you do this ? mccleod because , it 's for the best . there be somethings that be better leave unexplain . macleod take a ring off he finger . it be the same ring jennifer be wearing . he gently slip on isabelle 's finger . mccleod take this -- and whenever you look at it , remember that it come from one who love you . 59 he kiss she forehead gently then start to leave . isabelle I want to grow old with you -- to have you child . macleod turn back to she and smile sadly . mccleod ( very sad ) I know , but that can never be , and that 's the sorrow if it . he step out onto the balcony and climb over the railing . ext . courtyard - night macleod drop to the ground . cavanaugh and gaston be still wait . cavanaugh well ? mccleod it 's do . they start to leave . two of the king guard approach they . guard what be you business here ? gaston ( nervously ) just take in some night air , Captain . guard ( irritate ; correct he ) corporal . this be the King 's cousin apartment . come with we . cavanaugh we have do nothing wrong . guard that 's what we will decide . mccleod I think not . macleod and cavanaugh start to leave . the guard draw they sword . macleod and cavanaugh turn and draw they sword . gaston be nervous . he reach under he jacket . 60 gaston we have permission . I will show you . before he take out whatever he be reach for one the guard thrust he sword at gaston . in a flash , macleod samurai be out and block the blade , stop it inch before gaston 's chest . mccleod ( to gaston ) go. gaston have mix feeling about leave he friend . mccleod I say , go ! gaston leave . a fight begin . the Guards be not match for the two immortal . cavanaugh quickly stab one of the Guards in the arm . he drop he sword and fall to the ground . macleod battle with the other Guard . he back he up to the wall , knock he sword away and hold the tip of he samurai at he throat . a beat . anger fill macleod 's face as he decide what to do . in the b.g. we hear the SOUND of footstep . macleod turn around to find that he and cavanaugh be surround by ten more guard . macleod look to cavanaugh , who shake he head , no . CUT to : int . jail cell - afternoon Dark , damp and dirty . the floor a strewn with hay and garbage . macleod and cavanaugh sit on the stone floor , they back to the wall . the wounded Guard approach the bar . guard sentence have be pass on you . cavanaugh what be it ? guard there be only for attack the King 's guard . death . you will both be execute immediately . which one of you shall go first ? macleod and cavanaugh both stand . 61 cavanaugh ( eagerly ) I will go first . mccleod no -- I will . cavanaugh I stand up first . mccleod that do not matter . cavanaugh you always get to go first . the guard be irritate by they cavalier attitude . guard you will both go . ( to cavanaugh ) you will go first . ( to macleod ) and you will watch . CUT to : ext . courtyard - afternoon macleod and cavanaugh be lead into the courtyard . they hand be tie behind they back . they be stop before a tall , mechanical device . cavanaugh what be this ? guard it 's a guillotine . macleod ( innocently ) what do it do ? guard it cut you head off . macleod and cavanaugh exchange glance . this be not good . mccleod ( to cavanaugh ) you can go first . cavanaugh no -- after you . 62 macleod ( to the guard ) do not you have anything else ? can not you hang we -- or shoot we ? cavanaugh shoot 's good . I would much rather be shot . this have to be awfully messy . guard ( point to cavanaugh ) take he . macleod and cavanaugh begin to struggle , but it no use . they hand be tie and there be far too many guard . macleod be hold back as cavanaugh be forcefully place under the blade . a beat . the blade fall . mccleod ( scream ) no ! cavanaugh 's head fall into a basket . the guard laugh and smile among themselves . macleod turn he attention to the guard -- he eye be ice cold . he wait . guard ( point to macleod ) bring he . before the guard can begin to move macleod we hear a crackling SOUND . suddenly , cavanaugh 's body begin to hover above the ground , streak of green light flow out of it . several of the guard cross themselves -- then cavanaugh 's energy be blow into macleod . macleod scream -- he effortlessly break he rope . he look at the headless body with sadness , then jump on a cart and climb over the wall . CUT to : int . live room - night sadness show on macleod 's face as he mind slowly drift from the past back into the present . he hold Jennifer 's business card in he hand , flick it with he finger . macleod walk over to the window and look out . 63 macleod' Pov a unmark police car be down the street . greley be inside it watch the shop . macleod think for a moment . he walk to a bookcase -- pull out a book and press a button . a section of the bookcase open and lead to a staircase . CUT to : ext . alley , rear of shop - night macleod exit through a door into the alley . we walk off into the night . Jennifer step out of a doorway down the alley and start to follow macleod . ext . STREET - night macleod walk along row of brownstone . in the b.g. Jennifer step around the corner , keep she distance from macleod . ext . STREET - further - night macleod walk -- think . suddenly he stop -- fill with a premonition . he look up and down the street . macleod' Pov the street be empty . macleod reach under he raincoat for the handle of he sword and start walk . as he reach the corner we hear footstep . macleod stop -- wait . a uniformed police officer turn the corner and walk towards he . macleod take he hand out from he coat and walk past he . the instant the cop pass macleod he turn and remove a sword from under he jacket . Jennifer watch helplessly . the cop smile as he raise the sword over he head . it gliimer as the light from the STREET light reflect off it . jennifer look out ! 64 macleod be walk away . he hear she scream and turn around just as the sword come streaking at he head . macleod side - step the attack , the blade slice across he forearm , a stripe of blood appear on he arm . macleod quickly remove he samurai from under he jacket . the cop study he for a moment then begin to laugh . a transformation begin and he turn into kilvara . Jennifer 's face be fill with disbelief from the sight she have just witness . kilvara smile at macleod , he eye alive with hatred . kilvara highlander -- I have hope it would be you . mccleod ( confuse ) this cannot be . kilvara say nothing . he lunge at macleod . they sword cross - spark fly -- as the battle each other along the street . they sword cross and lock -- they grab each other hand -- they face inch from each other . kilvara I be stronger than you , highlander . mccleod that 's what the kurgan say . kilvara the kurgan be a pussy . kilvara knee macleod in the groin . macleod double over , then push forward , ramming he head in kilvara 's stomach -- push he backwards and slamm he back into a wall . light begin to come on in the window of the apartment . macleod run off . kilvara follow . macleod run around the corner . Jennifer do not move . she be try to digest what she have see . a beat , then she run after they . ext . STREET - around the corner - night as kilvara round the corner he see macleod wait for he , he sword at he side . kilvara run towards he , begin to raise he sword then stop . 65 we see why . behind macleod be a church . kilvara lower he sword and look at macleod hatefully . kilvara why prolong the inevitable ? macleod do not answer . kilvara Fine -- I have wait over three century . I can wait a little longer . mccleod why do you wait ? kilvara it be not by choice . a small matter of a mountain fall down on we . we be trap inside . ( serious ) when the time of the gather come the urge to go be so strong we try to claw through rock with we bare hand . what you think be the end -- be not . this be the end . we be the last of we kind , macleod . mccleod it will not end tonight . kilvara you can not hide from I . you will not stand between I and my destiny . after I have you head the power will let I hold any form as long as I want . do you know what that mean ? I can become the President -- I can become anyone I want . the world will be mine . kilvara start to leave . he stop and turn back towards macleod with a grin . in the b.g. we see Jennifer crossing the street . kilvara remember , macleod -- the next time you see I -- you will not see I . he laugh as he walk off into the night . macleod stare after he . Jennifer cross the street and join he . jennifer I do not believe what I just see . 66 mccleod that 's probably the smartest thing . macleod start to walk away . Jennifer notice the blood on he arm . jennifer you be hurt . mccleod I will be fine . jennifer what 's go on ? why do he call you macleod ? mccleod because it 's my name . jennifer then who 's Russell nash ? mccleod ( sadly ) I do not know anymore . macleod walk off leave she behind . CUT to : int . macleod' private room - night macleod sit on the couch , he mind deep in think . the room be fill with antique , momento compile over several lifetime . Rachel enter and sit beside he . mccleod I could have end it tonight , but I do not . rachel why ? mccleod I do not know . he be the stronger one . he have a power -- rachel you also have a power , conner . it be why you have survive . macleod look at she , he eye prompt she for the answer . 67 rachel heart . macleod feign a weak smile . rachel do not underestimate the power of you heart . you dream live there . mccleod my dream die long ago . rachel do they ? you be only a man , different than most -- but still a man . you feel the same -- want the same . you want to live . mccleod I have not live life -- I have hide from it . I have exist in the shadow . rachel and now it 's time to come out of the shadow . macleod look at she fondly . he cup he hand to she face . mccleod dear , sweet , Rachel . Men 's life be measure by the good they do . rachel if you search you heart you know all the good you have do . you strength come from you heart -- because in you heart you know what you be fight for be good and just . ( point around the room ) this room be fill with memory . if you search through they you can find the good -- the difference you have make . and now , it be for you to make the great difference of all . look in you heart , conner -- and you will see the good that you have do . she look at he warmly . macleod kiss she on the forehead . she leave the room . a beat . macleod walk over to a table fill with various object . one catch he eye . he pick up a old walking stick . macleod close he eye -- he mind drift back . 68 CUT to : ext . STREET , london - night nineteenth century England . the East end . the waterfront , cobblestone street , gas lamp . a thick fog hang in the air . piano music drift out of one of the pub . crowd of people hurry along the street . among they be macleod . he be dress in a suit like a English gentleman and carry the ivory - handle walking stick . he walk slowly , through the crowd , seemingly oblivious to the people around he . he come to the mouth of a alley and stop , think , then enter . ext . alley - night wooden crate and stack of garbage fill the alley . macleod continue . in the b.g. we hear the sound of a struggle . + further down the alley a middle - age man , also dress like a English gentleman be struggle with a prostitute . he grab she roughly and pin she against the wall . from inside he overcoat he slowly remove a long sword . he hold the tip of the blade up before she eye . prostitute please , sir -- you be frightening I . this seem to please the man . man good . he smile -- then just as quickly he smile fade . he appear to sense something . he turn around to see ... man' Pov nothing -- just fog -- then macleod appear . he stare at the man . the man stare at macleod then smile -- a wild , crazy smile . man ( English accent ) conner -- what a unexpected surprise . 69 mccleod let she go . man I be afraid I can not do that . just let I kill she and then we can attend to we business . macleod take a few step closer . he be now almost be strike range . he slowly slide he samurai out of the walk stick . mccleod when you make you thrust at she I will take you head . it 's she or I . man oh dear I -- I do so hate decision . the man realize that macleod be right . he reluctantly let she go . the prostitute run from the alley . a beat . the two man stare at each other -- then the man lunge at macleod , swinging he sword furiously . spark fly as sword cross . ext . STREET - night th prostitute run to the corner where she find a constable . she hysterical gesture towards the alley . the constable follow she . ext . alley - night the constable move down the alley with the prostitute , each of they carefully make they way through the fog . as they reach the end of the alley the fog lift . on the ground he the man -- he head severe from he body . the prostitute look away -- the constable stare at the gruesome sight , he eye fill with horror . constable dear mother of God . in the b.g. macleod step out from behind a stack of crate . he walk towards the street , disappear in the fog . ext . STREET - night as macleod emerge onto the street we hear the SOUND of the constable police whistle . as people wander towards the alley to fill they curiosity , macleod calmly walk across the street . 70 a old man sit behind a wooden crate sell newspaper . a piece of paper be tack to the crate display the day headline : when will the ripper be capture ? macleod look at the headline , the slowly turn and look back at the alley . mccleod ( softly ) Goodbye -- Jack . CUT to : int . bedsoe' office - day bedsoe be look over some papers as he eat a pastry . detective greley enter . bedsoe anything from the bank ? detective greley we send the print we lift from the counter at the bank to the State computer , the FBI and interpol . nothing . bedsoe he have to come from somewhere . detective greley I think it be England . bedsoe why ? greley look at a printout . detective greley I ask the State Department to check with we Embassies and interpol to see if there be any similar occurrence like the bank . two week ago in London Charles redder from the bronx be mug in hyde Park . bedsoe so ? 71 detective greley so -- the only thing that be take be he passport . I check with immigration -- he return to New York ten day ago -- but we embassy in London say he be still there . bedsoe think for a moment . he look up at greley with a puzzle expression . CUT to : int . jennifer' office - day Old and cluttere with book and artifact . Jennifer sit at a table examine some article from the Scotland site . she appear distant , she thought distract . Professor dajorski walk over to she and place a large book on the table . professor dajorski I be go through some of my mythology book last night . I think you would get a kick out of this . she open the book to where it be mark and begin to read . what ever she be read catch she interest . she look up at dajorski amaze . CUT to : int . antique shop - afternoon macleod be with a elderly woman , show she silver serve trays . the woman can not decide on what to buy . she thanks macleod and leave . as she walk through the door Jennifer enter . macleod be both happy and annoyed with she arrival . mccleod you be a very persistent woman , miss hillman . jennifer Jennifer . macleod stare at she . it unnerve she . jennifer why do you stare at I like that ? mccleod you remind I of someone I use to know . 72 ( beat ) why be you here ? jennifer same story -- same question . mccleod I do not have any answer for you . jennifer who be that man last night ? mccleod I do not know . jennifer then how do he know you name ? macleod shrug he shoulder . jennifer do you always walk around with a sword ? mccleod New York be dangerous place . jennifer you talk to I -- but you do not answer my question . I guess I will have to talk to Lieutenant bedsoe . mccleod about what ? jennifer it probably would not interest you . it 's something I read in a mythology book . mccleod I be interested in mythology . jennifer have you ever hear of the calan ? macleod expression show that he have . he stare at Jennifer for a moment . mccleod no. jennifer you look like you have . 73 macleod smile , he eye pierce into hers . mccleod do you like italian food ? the change in conversation confuse she for a moment . jennifer yes . mccleod meet I tratino 's at nine . jennifer why ? mccleod I tell you I be interested in mythology . we can talk about it more . CUT to : ext . STREET - day kilvara walk down the street , still wear he black robe . even in New York City he appearance draw attention . he walk past a newsstand . kilvara's Pov on the cover of one of the tabloid be a photograph of he . kilvara look up and notice the owner of the stand look at he . kilvara 's eye narrow and stare deeply into the man' . a beat . kilvara walk away . as he do the man look at the tabloid . int . clothing store - day kilvara enter and walk up the counter . the salesperson , a middle - age man stare at he with disapproval . kilvara I would like to purchase a new jacket . ext . newsstand - day the man be hold the tabloid as he talk with two uniformed police officer and point down the street . 74 int . clothing shop - day the salesman hold up a expensive trench coat . kilvara study it . kilvara it look a bit small . salesman the taper look be in . kilvara I need a lot of room . sometimes I carry thing under my coat . the salesman look behind kilvara -- something have catch he attention . kilvara turn around follow he stare . kilvara's Pov of the police officer crossing the street . ext . STREET - day the two cop move towards the store . cop # 1 maybe we should wait for backup . cop # 2 this could be a big collar . why let the boy form robbery grab it ? int . clothing store - day kilvara start to walk to the door when the two cop enter , they gun draw . cop # 1 freeze ! kilvara look at they and grin . kilvara freeze . a popular expression . in a flash kilvara 's grin fade . his sword streak out from under he jacket and slice through the first cop wrist . 75 ext . clothing store - day we hear several shot be fire . a beat -- then the window of the store shatter as the second cop come fly through it -- kilvara 's sword impale in he chest . the cop crash to the ground -- dead . kilvara walk out , retrieve he sword and walk off . CUT to : ext . clothing store - later - afternoon bedsoe and detective greley watch as the body of the two cop be load into the Medical examiner 's wagon . bedsoe walk over to the salesman . bedsoe what happen ? salesman they shot he . I see it . they shot he and he get right back up . bedsoe pull out the photograph of kilvara and show it to the salesman . bedsoe be this the guy ? salesman yes . bedsoe look at the medical examiner 's wagon as it drive away . his eye be fill with anger . CUT to : ext . central park - night empty . the light from the building that surround the park fill the night sky . kilvara walk into frame . stop . look out over the city . kilvara you can not hide from I , macleod . CUT to : 76 int . tratino' restaurant - night Dark wood and leather . Soft music play in the b.g. Jennifer sit at a table alone , drink second glass of wine . she check she watch . from she expression it be obvious that macleod be late . we see macleod enter and walk up behind she . mccleod good evening . jennifer ( annoyed ) you be twenty minute late . mccleod sorry . macleod take off he overcoat and sit beside she . on he arm be a bandage cover the cut on he arm from kilvara 's blade . macleod glance at she hand , he eye focus on she ring . Jennifer follow he stare . jennifer do this ring mean something to you ? the waiter walk over . mccleod ( to waiter ) glenmorganie -- no ice and ...? Jennifer hold up she wine glass . jennifer the house red . the waiter smile and walk away . jennifer you do not answer my question . mccleod I know . there be a moment of silence . Jennifer appear uneasy . she be not good at small - talk . jennifer you have a interesting accent . where be you from ? mccleod why ? 77 jennifer I be just try to place you . mccleod I have live all over the world . she 's aware that he be be evasive . jennifer you be not a easy person to get to know . mccleod why ? because I do not give up all my secret ? jennifer how come you want to meet tonight ? mccleod I want to get to know you better . his directness make she a little uncomfortable . macleod notice it . mccleod ( continue ) that make you uncomfortable ? jennifer a little -- yes . my interest in come here be profession . mccleod be it ? jennifer yes -- it be . mccleod alright . in the shop you mention something about -- jennifer -- the calan . do you know who they be ? mccleod why do not you tell I . 78 jennifer they be call different thing by different culture . the celt call they the souran . the druid call they the calan . accord to the mythology they be spirit , send to earth and reborn -- some good -- some evil -- both immortal . macleod Immortal ? jennifer yes . they do not age and they cannot die -- unless they head be cut from they body . macleod 's face betray nothing . jennifer ( continue ) then the spirit be release and the power be absorb by the calan who sever it . macleod very interesting . I bet kid love you at bedtime . jennifer maybe you can explain what I see the other night ? macleod ignore she question . mccleod have you tell Lieutenant bedsoe you theory ? jennifer no. mccleod why not ? jennifer because I do not feel like sit in a rubber room for forty - eight hour . mccleod you do not really believe this do you ? 79 jennifer ( sidestep the question ) let I ask you something else . at the excavation site in Scotland , the tunnel lead into the cavern have collapse . the day we find the body someone have move the rock , make a hole in the collapse section . what bother I be that we find the rock from the hole on we side of the tunnel wall . mccleod so ? jennifer why would someone pull on the rock to get in the cavern ? they be wedge in tight . they could not get a grip on they . they would have have much more strength push on they . mccleod if they push the rock you would have find they on the other side of the cavern wall . jennifer yes -- if they be try to get in -- but what if they be not ? what if they be try to get out ? a beat . macleod be not sure how much she know -- but he know she be close . mccleod that would mean they would be trap in there -- jennifer -- for three hundred year . mccleod how could that be ? people do not live for three hundred year . jennifer not unless they be immortal . they eye lock . macleod study she . he know she know -- or at least suspect . Jennifer smile warmly , she place she hand on macleod arm -- then quickly tear the bandage of he arm . 80 her Pov - of macleod be arm there be no trace of the cut . no scar -- nothing . Jennifer look back at macleod , astonished . macleod slowly peel she hand off he arm . his eye stare deeply into hers . mccleod you be very smart for someone who have not even live a single lifetime . maybe too smart . macleod get up and leave . Jennifer follow . ext . restaurant - night macleod walk down the street . Jennifer run after he . she grab he by the stop . he stop . jennifer what do you mean a single lifetime ? be you say that it 's true ? macleod say nothing . he stare at she for a moment , then walk off . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night empty . macleod walk along the pavement , he mind deep in think . CUT to : ext . jennifer' apartment , front door - night Jennifer open the door . she be surprised to see macleod . a beat . mccleod May I come in ? Jennifer open the door wider . macleod walk inside . int . jennifer' apartment - night macleod walk to the middle of the room . he be struggle with himself inside himself . 81 mccleod you ask I earlier if that ring mean something to I -- it do . it remind I of someone I know a long time ago . Jennifer start to take it off she finger . jennifer would you like to see it ? mccleod I have see it . jennifer on the back it have -- mccleod -- the crest of a lion and a dragon and a single word : courage . jennifer how do you know that ? macleod away -- he mind drift as he speak . mccleod it come from you great , great , great grandmother , isabelle tourez , who live in Paris and die on the guillotine in 1789 -- alone -- and unmarried . the ring be give to she by someone who love she -- but know that it could never be . jennifer you ? macleod look at she , he eye stare deeply into hers . mccleod yes . now that she have hear what she suspect a look of doubt cross she face . macleod notice it . mccleod I be bear into the clan macleod , five hundred year ago in glenfinnan -- on the shore of Loch shiel . 82 Jennifer stare at he -- there be doubt in she eye . suspect and believe be two different thing and she expression relay she skepticism . macleod pick up a dagger on the worktable and hold it before he heart . mccleod I have wander the world ever since then . I can not die . she try to stop he , but before she can macleod thrust the dagger into he chest . his face fill with pain -- he drop to he knee . Jennifer watch in horror . a beat . macleod look up at she , then pull the dagger from he chest . Jennifer be overwhelm with astonishment . she slowly drop to she knee . they be inch from each other . mccleod ( weakly ) you want the truth -- now you have it . jennifer and the other one -- he be like you ? mccleod he be immortal -- yes -- but he be not like I . we be the last of we kind . ( he look at she ) the last of the calan . I do not know what purpose we be put here for . I only know that if he win the world will suffer for it . macleod start to stand . Jennifer gently place she hand on he shoulder . jennifer where will you go now ? mccleod it will end tonight . jennifer must you fight he ? mccleod he will not stop until it be over . Jennifer stare deeply into he eye . she move closer and then , gently kiss he . they search each other eye . she lean in to kiss he again . macleod pull away . she start to say something , he gently put he finger over she lip and stare at she fondly -- then leave . 83 CUT to : ext . nash antique - night macleod walk down the street towards the shop . suddenly , from out of a doorway bedsoe appear . mccleod good evening , Lieutenant . bedsoe no -- it be not . a cop die today and the other be barely hold on . I want some answer , nash . mccleod I be sorry about that -- but I have nothing to do with it . bedsoe that do not mean you do not know what 's go on . you be connect to this guy somehow . he 's after you -- just like the other be . mccleod ( look at he watch ) it 's late . macleod start to leave . bedsoe grab he by the neck and slam he into the wall , then hold he gun to macleod 's face . a beat . macleod stare at he calmly . bedsoe Seven year ago I interview a guy . he say he see two man fight in a alley with sword . one cut off the other head . he shot the survive guy twenty time and he get right back up and stab he . mccleod maybe he be a lousy shot . bedsoe anger fill bedsoe 's face . he slowly pull back the hammer of he pistol . a beat . he study macleod for a reaction . there be not one . bedsoe most people would show some sign of fear with a gun in they face . mccleod most people be afraid of death . 84 bedsoe most people can die . a beat . they eye be lock on each other , probing , study , evaluate . mccleod if you really believe that you will pull the trigger . bedsoe struggle within himself . the gun shake in he hand . a beat . slowly he lower the pistol . macleod walk inside . int . live room - night macleod sit on the couch , stare into the darkness . his mind race , fill with thought and decision . he sharpen the blade of he samurai . the phone ring . macleod answer it . kilvara's voice can you come out and play ? macleod do not answer . kilvara's voice no ? you know , some people think that I do not have any good quality , but that be not true . I see you tonight with you little friend -- I let you say goodbye to she . I think of it as let a condemn prisoner have he last request . besides , I have she now . mccleod she be not part of this . kilvara's voice she be now . we be at the museum . I figure we would have more room for we business here . if you hurry you might get here before I kill she . the line go dead . macleod rush from the room . CUT to : ext . antique store - night macleod 's porsche race out of the parking lot and down the street . 85 + across the STREET bedsoe be in he car . he start the engine and follow macleod . CUT to : ext . museum - night macleod stop he car in front of the building . bedsoe stop down the street and watch through the windshield . the front door be ajar . macleod open it slowly and enter . int . museum , hallway - night macleod hold he samurai at he side as he walk down the corridor . in the b.g we hear the sound of a struggle . suddenly , Jennifer come run down the hall towards he . jennifer he 's here ! she run towards he , she face fill with fear . jennifer he 's in there ! mccleod get out . macleod start to walk towards the room . Jennifer walk behind he . jennifer be careful , conner . mccleod ( to himself ) conner ? a flash of confusion fill macleod 's eye -- he face harden . he swing around quickly and drive the blade on he sword into Jennifer 's chest . she scream , a deep , unearthly scream . CUT to : 86 ext . STREET - night bedsoe hear Jennifer 's scream . he bolt out of he car and run towards the building . CUT to : int . museum , MAIN room - night pain fill Jennifer 's face . a beat . slowly she smile as a transformation begin . the image of Jennifer be replace with that of kilvara . macleod smile at he . mccleod I never tell she my first name . kilvara grab the blade and slowly pull it from he chest . macleod swing he blade at kilvara 's neck . kilvara duck they run down the hall into the main room . macleod follow . CUT to : ext . museum - night bedsoe reach the front door . he try to break it open but cannot . he run around the side of the building . CUT to : int . museum , MAIN room - night macleod move slowly through the work table , wait , watch , listen . something catch he attention . macleod' Pov Jennifer be gag and tie to a chair which have be place on top of a long table . another chair have be place about three foot away from she on the table . on the second chair a crossbow have be mount and aim at Jennifer . a rope be tie to the trigger and stretch to she chair . a weight have be tie in the center of the rope . a candle burn behind the weight . when it burn though the rope the weight will fall and the crossbow will fire at Jennifer . kilvara step out of the shadow , a wick grin on he face . 87 kilvara clever -- do not you think . you can save she . all you have to do be blow out the candle . of course , you have to get past I to do it . the rope be beginning to turn black as the candle burn deeper into it . macleod know he have little time before the rope snap . he move towards she . kilvara block he path . kilvara now , you die . kilvara swing he sword at macleod . macleod block the attack . kilvara kick he in the stomach , double he over and drive he back . kilvara wield he sword powerfully . macleod side - step the attack -- kilvara 's blade slam into a table , slice it cleanly in half . Jennifer struggle in she chair , she eye open wide in horror , stare at the candle . CUT to : ext . museum , rear exit - night bedsoe reach the back door . it be lock also . he go over to one of the window and break it with the butt of he gun , then climb through . CUT to : int . museum , MAIN room - night the battle continue . kilvara press the attack , swinging he sword furiously and relentlessly at macleod . macleod jump up on a table . kilvara swing he blade at macleod 's knee . macleod jump , the blade sail under he foot , when he land he kick kilvara in the face , knock he to the ground . kilvara 's sword slide across the floor . macleod look at kilvara , then across the room . he have only a second to decide : kilvara or Jennifer . macleod' Pov the rope be about to snap -- strand be stare to fray . macleod run across the tabletop and jump onto another as he head for the long table across the room . kilvara stand -- pick up he sword and run after macleod . 88 more strand of the rope snap as the flame burn deeper in the rope . it be just about to when ... macleod run onto the long table . he dive and slide across it -- he samurai extend in front of he . the rope snap . the weight begin to fall . macleod drive the blade of he sword through the trigger housing . the weight pull on the rope -- but the blade of the samurai block the trigger from pull back . kilvara reach macleod . they eye meet . macleod know he cannot remove he sword to defend himself or the crossbow will fire . kilvara raise he sword and be about to strike when a shot be fire . bedsoe be stand in the doorway , he gun aim at kilvara . bedsoe ( to kilvara ) you ... kilvara I know -- freeze . a beat . kilvara look at bedsoe , then at macleod . he be only a few foot away . he think -- then lunge at macleod . bedsoe fire two shot . they hit kilvara in the chest . he drop to the ground . macleod unty Jennifer quickly . bedsoe move across the room towards they . he carefully pass the motionless body of kilvara . mccleod bedsoe -- he be not dead ! too late . kilvara stand , grab bedsoe gun hand . he smashes it against the wall . the gun fly out of bedsoe 's hand and slide across the floor . kilvara effortlessly lift he off the ground and throw he against the wall . bedsoe hist the floor hard , he face etched in pain from several break bone . Jennifer run over to he . kilvara pick up he sword and move towards macleod . kilvara now -- we finish it . macleod stare at he confidently . mccleod yes . 89 macleod quickly spin the chair with the crossbow around so it be face kilvara . he remove he samurai . the trigger snap back . whoosh ! the arrow hit kilvara in the chest . pain fill he face . macleod run towards he . kilvara pull the arrow from he chest and manage to raise he sword just in time to block macleod 's attack . through the room they battle . macleod fight fiercely back kilvara up . Jennifer make bedsoe more comfortable by prop he against the wall . she look around the room . jennifer' Pov of bedsoe 's gun on the floor . Jennifer rush over to it and pick it up . she aim it at kilvara . kilvara see she with the gun . he know that if she shoot he he would be stunne along enough for macleod to take he head . Jennifer fire a shot . it miss -- the bullet hit the wall . kilvara swing he sword powerfully at one of the wooden pillar . his blade slice through it . part of the roof collapse . dust fill the room . silence . Jennifer slowly move forward , try to see through it . the dust clear . she stop -- stunne and confuse by what she see . jennifer' Pov stand in the middle of the room be two macleod be . Jennifer move the gun back and forth between each of they , note know which be the real macleod . both macleod 's look at each other . they lunge at each other and the battle begin again . Jennifer can only watch helplessly . through the room they fight -- both macleod 's swinging they sword at the other -- they sword cross -- spark fly . they move through the room -- fight fiercely . 90 one of the macleod 's swing he sword -- it slice through the other arm . the other macleod 's drop he sword . the first macleod raise he sword . mccleod there can be only one . he swing the sword , slice it across the other macleod 's neck . a beat . out the gash come a brilliant GREEN light -- then the transformation begin . the image of macleod fade and be replace by kilvara . he stare at macleod , try to smile , but fall to the floor and die . a beat . macleod ready himself . the place explode in a burst of GREEN light . window explode , overhead light flash on and off then blow up . Jennifer and bedsoe shield they eye from the brilliant spectacle . macleod 's body pulse with pain as kilvara 's power flow into he . silence . macleod drop to he knee . Jennifer rush over to he and help he to he foot . jennifer be it over . for a moment it be as if he do not hear the question , then slowly he look at she . he pick up he samurai and slowly slice the blade into the palm of he hand . a cut appear . a beat . it do not heal . macleod look at she with a trace of grin . mccleod yes -- I think it be . bedsoe hey -- somebody want to gimme a hand here ? CUT to : ext . museum - night Police car fill the street . macleod stand on the side walk with Jennifer . detective greley stand behind they . two paramedics wheel bedsoe out on a stretcher . detective greley Lieutenant -- what about he ? 91 bedsoe what about he ? professor dajorski should I take he in ? bedsoe look at macleod who be wait to see what bedsoe be go to do . bedsoe no -- it be self defense . macleod nod at bedsoe -- without word a quiet understanding be reach between they . bedsoe look angrily at the paramedics . bedsoe well , we gonna wait here for my bone to heal -- or you gonna take I to the hospital ? they wheel he to the ambulance . macleod start to walk away . Jennifer walk beside he . jennifer what now ? mccleod now I can start to live . to feel . to grow old and live each day without the promise of another . jennifer sound very -- normal . macleod smile . mccleod yes -- yes it do . he put he arm around she and they walk off together . fade to black